5	The gods were with me today when I was attempting to release some stress after a long week/day after class!! After a couple hours of shopping I came across this place that made my head turn. Maybe because I LOVE chocolate or maybe it was the fact that it is almost that time of the month when I start to crave sweets...either way... I was drawn into this shop and wasn't disappointed!! With the mindset that I had at that moment I could have bought out the whole entire store!! Chocolates are amazing!! The Champagne infused chocolate was my fav!! How could you not love a little bubbly and chocolate mixed together!! :-)
5	Food:  Their chocolate selection is pretty big. Some of my favorites are the vanilla truffle, dark caramel, say cheesecake, and miss pudding (I think thats the name). They also have special chocolates that have a small % of alcohol in them: Cosmopolitan, Margarita, and a rum one! There are a few more I think.Atmosphere: the chocolate lounge is so cute...defnitely more peaceful and intimate than Starbucks. I loved it!Location: In Fashion Show Mall, you can't miss it.Price: The chocolates are quite pricey if you buy 6 and under...about $1.50 each. I would reccomend just splurging and buying a dozen for $14, its a much better deal.Service: Friendly and they gave me a free chocolate!
5	The hot chocolate is delicious.  I'm craving it right now.  It's a delicious concoction of melted chocolate and milk.  Very rich and it's worthwhile sharing if your in the sharing mood.  Like a liquified chocolate bar.The individual pieces of chocolate are a bit pricey, I never tried it but my bf said the pumpkin pie flavored one was delicious.
5	What a delightful little side trip to go and visit this factory and gardens. I dragged my children and some relatives out there, only about a 15 min drive from the strip and we checked out the short walk through the factory tour and we enjoyed about 45 mins in the final gift shop which was adorable in all of the pink, purple, and brown colors. So many yummy things to choose from. A little pricey for a chocolate shop but we all enjoyed the sweet treats. We walked the cactus gardens and saw their water recycling center in the back. For being FREE it was well worth it! All of the staff was very helpful and I treated myself to the $4 Heavenly Hot Chocolate and enjoyed every sip!
5	Ethel's is my favorite chocolatier since they used to be called Ethel M.  I like Ethel's better than Teuscher or Richart... (I don't like Godiva)  I think they tastes even better now.My favorites are:1. Pudding pie2. Raspberry Rhapsody (remind me of Ethel M's Raspberry Satin Creme)3. Lemon Merengue (Lemon Satin Creme)4. Coconut Samba5. Creamy Caramel6. Almond Crunch (Almond Cluster)7. Macadamia Crunch (Macadamia Salute)8. Pecan Toffee Crisp9. Macadamia Toffee Crisp10. Almond Toffee Crisp (Almond Butter Krisp) I am unhappy that they discontinued Cherry cordials ...  They really tasted like cherries and I loved them.I used to buy Ethel M's chocolate at their stores in HI but I think they closed them...
4	Actually I haven't been to this specific location. I just got some of their chocolate at the airport. I think that the presentation is absolutely fab! It is so pretty I don't even want to eat it.  The price is great. It's only about $1.20 a pieceDid I mention that my favorite is still Belgium's Leonidas, Neuhaus? Cote d'Or Belgian is by far my favorite cheap chocolate.  Why don't they sell this in US?
3	Their product is delicious and beautifully presented.  You can tell that there are no preservatives by the flavor and how fast they get soft.  They had a good variety--but nothing super exotic.  I was surprised at how sweet they were.  Usually the more "gourmet" lines aren't as sweet.
4	It all started with a goody bag from the maid of honor of the bachelorette we were celebrating with this weekend. It included a little 2-piece box of delicious and pretty chocolate - so the bride to be and I, woke up at 9AM after a solid night of craziness and went to the mall to buy some so she could use them in her giveaways for the rehersal dinner. They were that good and who sleeps in Vegas anyway?The lovely lady behind the counter gave us a sample of the toffee and that was good too. They even gave her bags and ribbons so she could seperate things and put favors together.So theres a pretty couch and sitting area, and there were like 6 kinds of  hot chocolate - I had thier signature and the bachelorette had the marshmellow one and they were excellent. I preferered the marshmellow one. Its hard to lounge if you know you're in a mall - but the decor is nice.I even got another piece of toffee at the airport for the ride home.  Pretty and Delicious.
3	in the land of chocolatey goodness, ethel's chocolates sits right in the middle ground. it's definitely tastes better than store bought chocolates like hershey's or what not, but lacks the sophisticated and complex tastes that you might get at places like l'artisan in l.a. or vosges in ceasars palace. perhaps the best equivalent i can think of is see's candies.the store itself is cute with little sitting areas for you to enjoy hot chocolate and other drinks. the display counter has a myriad of chocolates to choose from. when i was there last, i chose a caramel and toffee in milk chocolate and a truffle. each piece cost $2, but there is a "deal" when you get a box with a set number of pieces.i wouldn't go out of my way to get chocolates here. i think with all the interesting flavor profiles that are being created by so many chocolatiers, ethel's chocolates would benefit from being a little more experimental themselves.
5	Chocolate makes me weak in the knees; one bite, I'm smitten. Instantly, I'm Sally and I'm having dinner with Harry and the rest is well, left to the imagination, and no "faking it" is involved.I'm not a fan of luxurious fine chocolate. It seems bitter to my palate. I fit in with the demographics that these chocolatiers target, quite perfectly. I'm crazy about the cute, bite sized squares which are wrapped so chic and daintily. If you're a nut like me, try the almond crunch, the macadamia crunch and the almond toffee crisp. (In that order, or not) If you're into trying something different and unique, they have pb&j w/ milk, cinnamon swirl, pudding pie and a cocktail collection that includes Mojitos, Margartias and Chocolatinis. Ethel's also has all the truffles to strike your curiosity tooth, earl grey tea truffle w/ milk, ginger citrus, pina colada and the standard dark and milk chocolate truffles.Ethel's is a must either as party favors, that perfect souvenir or a quick chocolate pick me up after losing your ass in the casino. It'll give you that surge to go and win all your money back. So I've heard.
4	This chocolate shop located inside the Fashion Show Mall has cute decor -- stylish sofas to sit on while you enjoy your treats -- and a good amount of staff to deal with the busy influx of tourists trying to buy a bunch of stuff.My only complaint is that they don't have a huge dark chocolate selection which is the only type of chocolates my entire family likes. The darker the better! We chose some dark chocolate truffles because they were the only ones which didn't have some strange filling my son or my husband didn't like.The truffles were quite delicious actually, so we were happy. They were $2 a piece -- well, on vacation I don't really care, they were good so that's all that matters.If you like coconut or raspberry, they have dark chocolates filled with these, but Ethel's is geared more towards the milk chocolate lover -- lots of milk choco choices here!
3	At 3:30 in the morning, I feel like I'm going to pass out...but I gotta Yelp!Got my pictures up: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/9Gi0fMZCEKa-TG7Ei4bRkA/lhttp://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/EzUMkrtpmaxM57wVccjZUg/lThe chocolates, as you can see, are quite cute. My friend got me a set of four during his business trip in Las Vegas. However, on the same day he gave me these chocolates, he also took me to Recchiuti Confections in SF and *spoiled* me. So I ate an estimated 5.5 chocolates and a cherry jelly in a day, thanks to the Recchiuti trip. Naturally, the next day I decided to eat all 4 of my Ethel's Chocolates. What could be more right?The chocolates were pretty average though, nothing too memorable. Very sweet, kind of like See's Candies. Then again, it's extremely hard to measure up to Recchiuti. Still, if they had pictures of pandas or totoros rather than mojitos on the chocolates, I would buy them.I sound like a total pig...well, maybe I am sometimes. But I'm actually not that much of a chocolate freak...it's just that if it's in my hands then I'm gonna have to eat it. Especially if each piece is a different flavor. It's a wonderful chocolately adventure.
5	I LOVE ETHEL'S CHOCOLATESEverytime I go to Vegas, I have to get Ethel's.  Actually, I got my whole family hooked on this.  So where as before, I would buy myself the custom 12 pack box, I now (at the very minimum) buy the large custom box ($45).  My favorites are Peanut Butter and Jelly, Cheesecake, Pina Colada, and Cinnamon Roll.
5	I LOVE CHOCOLATE!!!!!!!!!I took my daughter here for her 13th birthday and she love it!!! We sat on the comfy couches and ordered the chocolate fondue and it was DELICIOUS it gave me the best sensation ever!!!!For all you chocolate lovers I highly recommend you stop by here and order the chocolae fondue!The people there are very friendly and give you great service!
4	Going to Ethels is one of the major highlights of my Vegas trips- I found this place at the airport actually, while we were returning from our flight back- and i ran into this very cute confection stand! There is a large selection - only several I've tried though- the Strawberry Sonata, Creme Brulee, Pineapple upside-down, and the white chocolates and dark truffles are yummy!Looking forward to my next Vegas trip.
4	The brittle is addicting.  The prices are not!  I would say that's the biggest downside.   Cute little shop.  I will be back!
4	Yum! I like this shoppe. I like it alot. Whenever, i buy chocolate, I only buy 1-2 pieces at a time. When, I went here, I picked out 2 pieces, and the gave them to me on the house.... That's was sweet of them... Godiva never does that... The shoppe is set up nicely. And, I think they have special nights that happen weekly... As for the taste of the chocolate? I give it 3 thumbs up.. I like their holiday chocolate. The design on top if the piece is really cute.. Their chocolate is a small piece of treasure. I wish they had shops outside of Nevada... My brother is a fine chocolate fanatic.. I gave him a gift card for this place. I thought he could use it on line. I'm not sure what he thinks of it... But his standards R high... I'll soon fund out his opinion
5	After an exhausting night of dancing, posing with Playboy bunny's and pretending I was Jessica Simpson's assistant, I was in dire need of something good and Chocolate.   Is it wrong to be in love with food? Is it wrong to love Chocolate so much, that you'd skip eating all day just to satisfy your sweet tooth?   NOT SO! These were divine. Sadly, they didn't have any PORT Chocolates, like the fabulous Kobasic's here in Sacramento, but they were delish nonetheless. The Staff was very generous, and I got to sample anything I wanted. The Strawberry Sonata and Pineapple Upside down were amazing.    They could stand to lower their prices a bit, but it's Vegas, and if you bring rich people with you, just hand them the bill. :)
1	I came on a rude day i suppose.I can't even rate this place because no one helped me.There were 3 ppl.  behind the counter... and 1 other person in the shop.no.. "hello!"  no.. "let me know if there's anything I can help you with..."no..."would you like a sample?"   [and no i wasn't expecting to be offered a sample, but I figured the older woman who walked in with me was offered a sample.... why wasn't i?]...... there was no customer service at all. so just as a test, i stood there for a minute... and the woman with the short hair who offered the woman a sample.. walked to the other end of the counter, and proceeded to ignore me.  [i'm not one to always think i'm being racially profiled, but i was obviously the odd man out during this in the shop.]so i stood there for a moment longer.... long enough for the other woman to walk out and the three employees to acknowledge that we were there.... finally, i said..."i guess your closed?"and called to my family that.. "i guess they don't want to help us."so we left.    confused.i know i didn't look like i just came off the street cause i stay fly.it was sad.  i didn't know what to say or feel.  but, i know i wanted some of that expensive ass chocolate and had to walk away because........... i guess you gotta look expensive to buy expensive?idk.  I felt like I walked into Arizona and was racially profiled and persecuted.  on a sidenote:  they have an abc store that sells a bunch of chocolate too.  lol.. and it's not 3.00 a bite.
5	I tried the chocolate but I didn't buy the chocolate. I got a Mexican Hot Chocolate, instead. OMFG Yum. I argue incessantly with places that call their warm chocolate concoctions "hot chocolate" when it is, in fact, hot cocoa. But not Ethel's. Ethel's makes hot chocolate the right way by adding lovely warm milk to delicious melty chocolate and the Mexican Hot Chocolate was seasoned to perfection with chili and cinnamon. They also have these great little boozy truffles I didn't buy, but I'm planning on shipping them to my mom's for Christmas (where I will, COINCIDENTALLY be). The service in here was lovely too. To recap: Yum. Go.
4	Was shopping and needed a drink and ended up here. Im glad I did. I ordered a large caramel latte. 3 bucks! It was very good. Next time I will try the hot chocolate. I also bought a couple of pieces of candy which were 2 for 3 bucks and a white chocolate lollypop for my little guy.It was $10 well spent!
4	Thank goodness I don't have a sweet tooth. I'm happily content with a truffle or a bite here or there. Otherwise, I suppose Ethel's would turn me into into a bon-bon truffle eating addict pushing the limits of my scale. I adore Ethel's!I'm obsessed with their Sea Salt Caramel nuggets and LOVE their truffles with the cutesy pictures on them. I highly suggest their Raspberry Rhapsody, the Cheesecake truffles and their Key Lime goodies. You can't really go wrong with anything that you pick here or in their airport locations. Pick up a box and enjoy!
5	Holy $#!T this place is good!lots of chocolate, both family-friendly, and filled with adult-only ingredients.I went there with Dawn on our quick trip to Vegas. I was a little bummed that they stopped having their lounge, because the thought of a chocolate lounge was just too decadent!  But I tried their mexican hot chocolate.  And in a lot of places, hot cocoa is powder. and maybe, a little cinnamon powder, stirred into a hot water. This was chocolate, already with cayenne in it, warmed in the double boiler, cinnamon stirred in, milk stirred, in.... oh my god yum.I wanted to send myself a sample box of their chocolate, but some of my choices had adult ingredients, which of course, you cant mail to Massachusetts (dumb blue laws). But I will be back, and if I cant get there, Iwill get them to me.
5	OK, there are a dozen and dozens of chocolate candy places all over Vegas, from M+M, to See's to Godiva to the fancy stuff at the Aria, and etc.  However, this particular Ethel M, is the BOMB.Why, simply put, first class service.  More in a bit.Parking - You are in the Fashion Show Mall, it is very busy and crowded, and it is great that you can park, walk around and just have fun exploring the mall. So, parking is going to be challenging, and you just have to make it fun.Location - Speaking of parking, if you park in the yellow zone and take the elevator/ escalator up, you are very close to the Ethel M store.The chocolates - Well, all types for sure, from the nutty kinds, to the dark kinds, to the truffles, to the sugarless. They have a great selection.Service - Awesome help. I went with younger kids who were picking out their own, and you know how "difficult" that can be in terms of making decisions, slowness, changing minds and etc.  The staff there was friendly, helpful and very patient. Almost as if they enjoyed it.  Then, as they engaged us during the very slow ordering period, they identified we were local and even offered us a local discount.  Then, to give the kids an added specialty, they put their candies each in separate fancy paper bags and it was just an awesome experience.So, while I do recommend you go to the main factory for the tour, and any other Ethel M location for the chocolates, This store at the Fashion Show Mall has great service that will allow you to have an "experience" that is the differentiator between okay and GREAT.GK says go for it!
5	Egg Nog Truffles!!! Yummo!
5	I love their Pecan Brittle. It is expensive but there is nothing else like this. I came to Fashion Show Mall just to buy this.
5	Look out See's, Ethel's Chocolate Lounge has your number and have declared that they are the Chocolate champions!  Try some if their newest creations of chocolate. I'm not a huge fan of sweets including chocolate, but this place is hard to pass up when your inside.  I challenge anyone to stop by a parooz this place without trying or buying something!  Oh my, this is chocolate at its best.  The service is unbeatable.  They very very friendly and eager to help you and your family choose a chocolate delight that will fill your craving. This place is very cozy and a nice break away from the gambling/shopping.
5	This place has some great chocolate!!!  Whenever in Vegas or my Dad comes back here, I make sure I get my dark chocolate truffle loving hands on them!!  Open a place in NY Ethel!!!  STAT!
3	Hanging with friends on this Christmas eve.  Decided to check this place out after yrs of living in LV.  Ok....There's a lot of lights, but there are houses with lights that look better than this.   At least it was free.   So we also got to sample a piece of chocolate, Wow, it was delish!  So were browsing through the store, seems like everything was $25.00 and up!   For a small box of candy!  WTF!  If  I'm not mistaken, I thing they pay there employee's about $10.00 per hr.   I never would have bought a box of peanut brittle with pecans for $25.00.  Our friends bought us a box for Christmas!  I must say, I am enjoying it!  But I will never go back and buy a box!  Ohhhhh well maybe I shouldn't say that, because if I ever become a millionaire, then ok I might splurge from time to time at Ethel's.
3	Ethel's doesn't have the best chocolate on the strip, not even close with Vosges and Max Brenner around.But, they do have great service, super friendly and it is still a lot better than your average chocolate from the grocery store.Nothing special, tried it, was fine, no need to go again.
5	I loved Ethel's!  Super cute Chocolate factory.  They have a brief, free tour.  You can walk through and see where the products are being made.  They even give you free samples.  The place smells heavenly!  The staff could not be nicer!  I had  a great time here!
5	If you don't like chocolates, give these a try -- it changed my palette from dislike to loving it!! I don't like chocolates but got one as a gift for Easter. The fruit truffle chocolates were not only super delicious but so colorful. Loved the lemon truffle the best, it was creamy lemon delight! I saw that they also have a factory tour so next time we stop in Vegas, will definitely love to visit.
