2	Have you ever had pad thai that tasted like it was made with curry? This is what I experienced during a recent visit. Like several other asian restaurants on Sainte Catherine Rue, Soupes et Nouilles markets itself as a cornucopia of various asian cuisines--namely, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, and Japanese (sushi only).  As in most cases, this sort of encompassing menu on paper makes for a disappointing fare in person---the economics rule of specialization should be applied here--- that is, if you attempt to do well, choose one thing and work on it. The aforementioned pad thai, overall , didn't taste awful--but when one orders pad thai, it should taste more or less like pad thai (i.e., a bit of fish sauce, lime, sugar, peanuts). Perhaps the cooks thought I meant to order Singaporean noodles (Chinese) which was also on the menu--highly doubtful since the noodles were definitely pad thai and not sticks.  To their credit, however, the dish was very generous with the shrimp. In addition, we ordered the peanut butter chicken (the sweetness of the peanut butter was reminiscent of mayo shrimp w/walnuts, a favorite dish of mine) which was tasty but a bit heavy on the sauce. We also ordered the calamari which was standard--thankfully.Overview:Service = Good, served immediately, nice wait staffPrice = CheapRecommendation: Go here for a quick cheap eats if you're not too picky
1	Horribly bland food. We ordered 5 items. Only 4 came, even after 2 assurances that the missing item was coming.  It was a blessing in disguise. 1 was mediocre at best and the others were disgusting. We haven't left food on the table in years but we left 80% of the food uneaten and went somewhere else. I have never rated a place only one star but this place has no redeeming quality at all.
3	Other than the duck and the fried rice I wouldn't get anything else here. Truly. The pad thai is a joke!!!
4	Really good hole-in-the-wall type Chinese-Cantonese joint. It's good, cheap, fast. There's often a lineup all the way down the street during lunch hour. I know I used to live across the street.
3	We go here each time we go to Mtrl for Grand Prix weekend. It's cheap and pretty good.  This trip I ordered the Flank Hot Pot and it was very good.  If  you want cheap, food, fast, lots of variety, mostly good - this is  your place.  Like other reviews the place is usually packed so there must be something about it .  I have to say I'm looking for the one dish that says "yeah this is why you come here".  Maybe I should try the ones recommended here by others.
4	First off if you don't know the Rules to this place then yeah your going to get bland food and horrible service . I've been eating here since 1995 and im still alive.. but let me just put it out here this place rocks like a bon jovi concert in China , Id even eat the menu but Vue (the cook) won't do it.Now for the rules to this place,1: when you walk just act like you know everybody remember to smile and tell them that their restaurant has saved your life ..2 Always request the back table on the right hand side of the restaurant that gives you full panoramic view  of the entire place this will let them think that you are part of Chinese gangs and need the good view of the entrance .. 3 now if you go in after 9 and bring the cook a cold beer from across the street Heineken beer is his choice, you'll receive a special treat that isn't on the menu just give him the wink and the double nod  . As for the size of the plates you could feed a family of 4 and still have left overs on 3 plates and you won't feel kamikaze at the cash. In conclusion if you haven't had the spaghetti Fujiyama then you haven't eaten here yet..
4	A very pleasant late-night surprise! Stopped in after touring a few brewpubs and finding the food options lacking.HUGE menu that runs the gamut from Vietnamese to Cantonese Chinese. I had a super-flavorful WonTon soup. For a clear broth, it sure packs a flavor punch! Followed that up with the House Special Fried Rice. I gigantic mound of rice, loaded with chicken, beef, shrimp, and vegetables arrived quickly. A tasty and filling meal! Many other things on the menu looked excellent.As with others in Montreal, this place is cash-only. I will definitely come back.
1	Eh....just ordered special noodle soup to go...got back to my hotel and found soup and no noodles... I guess they think I need to go on a diet... no carbs for you tonight! :( Better check your order before you leave :)
4	Location: Ste. Catherine Ouest, past the Faubourg. Service: First, you almost always have to wait if you go during peak hours, but if you show up at some random time like say, 1:47pm, you can get a table. The service is OK but don't expect super friendly staff. They're very efficient mind you, but I suspect that being consistently busy and working in a confined space means that no chit chat will be included in the price. In any case, service is pretty quick so if you're in a hurry, you're all set. Place: It's small and not much to look at. On one side you get takeout and on the other, you can sit in to eat. Posters of random Asian pop stars adorn the walls. I don't know any of them but I'm sure they're just great!The food: I've been going there since like, 1995. Seriously. I love this place. The food is cheap, the portions are huge and I personally have never had a negative experience here. I always order the Cantonese wonton noodle soup - it's bloody huge and I can never eat it all, but on a cold winter's day it really hits the spot. The wontons are pork and shrimp..... YUM! The menu is quite large so there's bound to be at least one thing on the menu that will work for you.Price: Cheap!
