5	Great muay thai!!! work outs will kill you!!! instructors seem very knowledgable. good, well maintained equipment. very clean.
5	No matter if you want to learn Thai boxing at a competitive level or just want to get in shape the folks at Sitan can get you there if you are willing.  It's not a gym for the social gym rats, although the atmosphere is very open and friendly before and after classes.  The workouts are designed to guide you into the best shape of your life but they are not for the person looking to loaf their way into shape.  The gym is also clean and well maintained. If you want the workout of your life give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I have been involved in martial arts a long time, and currently am an instructor in my own right. My quote to the owner of Sitan Gym after my first class was "I've been walking around thinking I'm pretty good for years... then i came here." Their fitness preparation and conditioning blew away anything I had done previously.Their instruction is top notch and they are verifiably legit as their fighters compete often, and often win. I am very proud to be able to say I trained there for a short time.If you want to learn straight-up Muay Thai in Arizona, this is the place to go.
5	I found this gym here through YELP. I went in for a free class and immediately felt at home. There was a 6 week special and after that I signed up for a 1 year membership. This has got to be one of the most amazing experiences in my life. Im addicted.Things you should know:*This place is VERY clean*Very good equipment *You will sweat and soak through your clothes*You will be sore*You will bruise*You might puke*You will love it!This is not for folks looking to do an aerobics kind of class, this is Muay Thai, traditional Thai boxing. The instructors will make you work!  The kids classes are amazing, these guys teach discipline and are so kind with little ones that its worth watching the kids classes. Its the cutest thing EVER! I'm definitely going to try and get my niece and nephew signed up this summer!
5	I've never worked so hard in my life. . .Even when I thought I couldn't keep up, the instructors and other students at Sitan will push you and encourage you because they want you to succeed at your fitness goal!  But, at the end of the day, it's all up to you. You have to experience Sitan for yourself.  If you are tough enough and want to sweat, bruise, and see why so many people are in love with Sitan and the art of Muay Thai, come and try out one free class!!!My personal experience: When I started Sitan, I went in for the workout and to loose weight, and have something to do after work, but when I saw the opportunity to grow with the sport, then that's when I decided to take it to the next level!  I can proudly say that I am a fighter
5	This place is awesome. The trainers are skilled and very detail oriented. They will push you to the limit every time you go. This place is not for the feint of heart, so be prepared and excited to learn and work, and you will have a great time. If you want to disappear into a crowd of people learning kickboxing while punching the air and standing in place, go do Tae Bo. Their schedule is great, with classes all day everyday. I work a typical 9-5 and could make it to class every day if I wanted. They've got gear for beginners to use and will sell you your own set of gear at a reasonable price if you would like it.The trainers are great, and the general atmosphere in the gym is always positive. Other students will offer help while you are learning, so listen and learn. If you're coming in with some skill this is still a great place for you to learn and grow.I've had a great time here and would recommend this sport, and particularly this gym to anyone interested in learning.
5	Great place to learn Muay Thai and get in shape. The trainers are very knowledgable and patient with beginners. The facility is clean and they have all the equipment you need to get started. I recommend this place to anyone that wants a great workout and to learn the art.
5	Great gym. VERY HONEST Great teachers very friendly And great kids program Lose weight get in shape and kick some butt
5	This is such an awesome gym!  The whole family loves coming here.  It's totally convenient to have the kids classes at the same time as the adults, so the whole family can go and you don't have to worry about daycare, etc.  The gym is super clean and well maintained.  The instructors are all wonderful and very patient with beginners. It's obvious that everyone there loves what they do.  They are all very knowledgeable and ready to help.  I've never worked so hard in my life, and I never thought I'd fall in love with Muay Thai, but I'm totally hooked!  If you've been waiting to try something like this, stop waiting and get to Sitan Gym!  You definitely won't regret it!
5	Whether you are new to the sport of Muay Thai, or just want to learn, Sitan is the place to be. Thiago is one of the nicest and most patient people you will ever meet. He makes certain that if you are in his gym, you leave each class learning something new. He doesn't rush and make you feel lesser if you don't get it right out. He keeps working with you until you do. Everyone of the other coaches are the same way. They all genuinely care for you, regardless of whether you are planning to fight or doing this to get in shape. Try it out sometime.. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Muay Thai training second to none, nation wide!! No better place to call a second home.
