4	This is a good hobby shop. They have a huge selection of remote control everything. Helicopters, planes, jets, trucks, etc. They also have a good selection of other hobby items as well. Such as, some Duncan yo-yo models that I have never seen before, good selection of Gala kites as well as other kites. They have a good variety of models and model accessories. This place has everything a hobby shop should have.They also have a dirt track outside in the parking lot that you can race your remote control cars on. It's pretty big with jumps and all the bells and whistles. I have never participated in this but if your into that kinda stuff, well then I'm sure you already know bout this place and typing of it is moot.
4	This wasn't the only hobby shop we visited, but this one had the biggest booty. 8 models and a bag full of airbrush paraphernalia later, Mr. B came sneaking back out to the car. Sounds even more crazy since we happened to be on vacation in Phoenix. But I guess there are more hobby shops here in Phoenix than in Corona.  With better stuff. Thank goodness we are old people and have plenty of room in our car.Sigh. Anything to make my retired Mr. B happy and keep him in his Man Cave.
1	As an old SRS dirt track racer I was glad to see that they became a hobbytown. I was looking forward to the bigger inventory. Now that my son is old enough and is getting into drift cars I was looking forward enjoying this hobby with him. After our first couple trips to the store I guess we are stuck buying everything online. I like supporting local businesses, especially ones I've spent a lot of time with in the past.. The customer service was HORRIBLE, they didn't want to spend anytime with us. We are new to  drift cars and need someone with knowledge to set us in the right direction. It seemed like we were a BIG inconvenience to them. I will only go back for screws and nuts..
1	I thought I had posted this here before but maybe not so here is my review.Hello, I hope this message finds management and is read and noted that because of your actions I will not be coming back to your store ever again and makes me really question my owning RC cars anymore. This message comes after being told now three times that the track is closed and I can not use my RC truck here (2wd sc10) and that my Girlfriend also can not use her truck here(2wd Slash). The first time came when I drove 25 minutes from my house to hear that it was closed on a Friday night because no one showed up and that the employees were allowed to go home because no customers were there. The second time came a few weeks after and was then told the track is closed for the summer because it is to hot and no one wants to show up, again it takes me 25 minutes to get to you and your the closet track to me. This leads to today 11/11/12..... I CALLED to make sure practice was open and was told "YES ONLY 2WD" so I loaded up both trucks and my Girlfriend and her daughter and we drove out there, arrived around 2 pm, We paid to practice and as I was changing tires on the trucks the SO CALLED manager came out and told me I was not allowed to play because the track was closed! When he was the one who took my money to practice and then he said " I didn't know the track was rented out or I wouldn't have let it go this far im sorry and will refund your money and give you a free Friday night practice" At this point I am EXTREMELY UPSET, I called and was told it was open, paid, and then told I cant play. POOR MANAGEMENT!!!! I go inside after loading my truck back up and see that the guy who told me he would refund my money was helping a customer so I patiently waited, then was asked buy a guy if I needed help, told him what happened and that is when he said " oh hes the manager you will have to wait for him" I got my money back but Informed the guy I will never be returning and do not need the free practice. I will be letting everyone I know that has trucks at my shop that you all have no customer service there and to avoid your track at all costs. I know I am just one person but will make my voice loud and clear to all to avoid your business. Thanks and have a great day.
5	SRS has a great atmosphere for beginning hobby enthusiasts of all categories. Beginning racer? New to airplanes or quadcopters? Hobby town has a great selection and friendly customer service to go along with it all!
5	I am a frequent rc user. I have 2 gliders, a car and a boat and Hobbytown always has the parts I need in stock. An employee named Lucas is always kind and extremely helpful. Whenever I need help with the mechanics of fixing something he is there to work with me one on one. You rock Hobbytown!!
