1	My child attended this school for many years.  I have a very low opinion of this school for the following reasons:1) a male child exposed himself to my child and another child at this school.  The school did not notify me of this issue - my child had to disclose it to me.  When I told the school director about it she effectively did nothing about. Additionally, she did even notify the parents of the other effected child of the situation.2) My child was vicitimed by a bully in her class for years.  This situation resolved itself when they child left.  The school's director tried many times to get me to understand that things like this happen with children and that I was blowing it out of portion.3) My ex-spouse and I were involved in a very nasty custody battle for many years.  The school and its adminstration constantly took sides.  At one point when I lost custody the school's director effectively told me that the contract was with the other parent and that as such I would not receive any communication about my child and that I would be removed from the email update list and that they would not provide any updates on my child's progress.4) Very high teacher turnover.  The school only has 3 full time teachers and within a couple of years the school fired 3 teachers.5) many parents fall into social tribes - the child see this behavoir and copy it.  I found that child tended to function in groups that excluded other children.  Even a teacher at the school who had children at the school were victimized by this type of ingroup/outgroup abuse by other students.
5	Anami Montessori is a fantastic school. My three daughters attend Anami Montessori and it's been a wonderful experience.  Since moving my kids out of CMS and into Anami there has been a significantly noticeable change in their enthusiasm for life and learning.  Every day I come home and they are eager to tell me about something new they learned that day.  The staff are wonderful people who legitimately care about the students and always look out for their best interests. One of the best attributes of this school is it's since of community both among parents and the students.  I've been very impressed and I have to say getting my kids into Anami was probably one of the best decisions I've made for my family.
5	While I am disheartened to see the negative review here about Anami, I know their light shines bright enough to attract those seeking the absolute best Montessori education in Charlotte. My son is a transfer student from another highly regarded Montessori school and Anami has completely blown us away with not just the quality of the AMI education but the sheer dedication, preparedness, and calm love exuding from teachers and staff alike. We feel very very fortunate to be a part of this special family. The teachers are in consistent contact with the parents and the school essentially has an "open door" policy with access to the Directors and Administrator. My son is glowing every day when he comes home and while he has always been polite (ahem), I have noticed his patience, articulation and thoughtfulness really expand. Today I was an observer in his class and was thrilled to have the chance to see the children at work in such a peaceful yet focused way. It actually gave me goosebumps to see most of them humming or softly singing as they attended to their respective task at hand. Where in the world at any school are you going to see a group of 3-5 year olds so resolutely focused on their work and yet so calm, so polite and so filled with joy that they not only are expressing it through song, but that they are in a safe environment that applauds that?  We couldn't be happier and I have to say Anami was truly an answer to our prayers for our children.
