4	This place was awesome. Simple foods, nice wines, and beautifully decorated.
5	I booked a table for us at Amber Restaurant, thinking it would be a good place to eat after visiting the Scotch Whisky Experience. We showed up 30 minutes early to our reservation and the wait staff was very nice and let us wait in the bar before it was even open. The bartender recommended whiskey and lemonade for me, and it was a delicious combination. Our waiter was also very nice and attentive. The restaurant had the best bread ever! It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I had the smoked salmon appetizer with the chicken stuffed with sage and brioche main course. Both were really good and very generous helpings.
3	Dropped in for  a quick coffee break. The coffee was extremely mild, but tolerable enough to drink. Our waitress was absolutely lovely and the place was inviting and comfortable. I tasted Irn-Bru for the first time!!!! Unfortunately, it tasted like carbonated cane syrup and had a bright orange...radioactive orange colouring. : (
4	Lovely food and unbelievable choice of whisky.
5	My husband and I completely lucked into discovering Amber; we spent more time than we'd planned to at Edinburgh Castle, and were starving when we left.  We immediately walked by Amber, thought the menu sounded interesting, and went in for a late lunch.You wouldn't expect a restaurant in the Scotch Whisky Experience to be impressive, but this certainly is.  The room itself is beautiful and has a nice view out the windows.  Service is friendly and helpful.  My husband  had the lamb stovies and loved it.  I ordered the herb crusted coley, and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The mussels and leeks were done perfectly, the dumplings were outstanding, and the sauce was to die for.We liked the restaurant so much we came back the next day for the Platinum Tour (another future review) and the Taste of Scotland.  Again, this showed how amazing Scottish food really is-- who knew?  The tapas included a scallop, smoked salmon, and black pudding (two for three here, but that's a matter of personal taste) and for entrees we got duck, lamb, and the coley.  The duck was delicious and not at all greasy.  The lamb was so tender you could cut it with a fork, and came with surprisingly good haggis potatoes.  For dessert we had a toffee cake paired with a whisky, and it was absolutely amazing.  The servers can give helpful reccomendations about whisky (as well as other drinks), and there's even a whisky sommelier should you need truly expert advice.Prices are really fairly reasonable, and the Platinum Tour/Taste of Scotland is really a steal considering how much comes with the tour.  Definitely somewhere you should go if you find yourself in Edinburgh.
3	Screaming kids, tourists, and small expensive portions. The food was delicious but you'll need a starter or sweet or you'll leave feeling rather empty. I was impressed that they do have real ales in bottles and of course the whiskey selection is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure you'll need a reservation around lunch or dinnertime.I suggest you come for tapas with whiskey pairings instead of a full meal.
4	After spending the morning and early afternoon at Edinburgh Castle, we were ready to find someplace to eat. Saw the menu at the Whiskey Experience and decided to try the Amber Restaurant. Downstairs (but there is an elevator) to a pub/restaurant. Nice servers, well presented meal. Not necessarily a huge menu choice, but enough for everybody's taste. Food arrived pretty quickly (nicely presented) and was tasty. Must say however, for all restaurants in Scotland, getting more than one glass of cold water becomes a trial.
4	Amber Restaurant is bang in front of Edinburgh Castle at the very top of the Royal Mile, but its so well hidden that even some of the locals don't know its there! That doesn't mean its not very busy on any given day however. It draws in a certain amount of custom from visitors to the Scotch Whisky Experience and can be accessed via their reception area or a door at the rear of the attached Whisky Shop, then down the stairs. Its worth seeking out! Amber has something of a cafe vibe and you can head in there for just a scone and coffee or something more substantial, like a full lunch with a glass of wine, or maybe something from their very reasonably prices whisky list! They offer advice on matching whisky with food. Nice idea! There is also a whisky tasting lounge alongside and plenty of experts on hand to dispense knowledge.I had a scrumptious lunch of vegetarian haggis with neeps and tatties nicely finished off with a whisky cream sauce - there's a bit of a whisky theme going on but its not in everything! Apparently the smoked haddock was a bit special too, but lacked my lovely sauce. Cheese and crackers seemed like a good idea to end the meal, so I ordered the clava brie with oatcakes and plum chutney. It was quite pungent for a brie but the chutney helped balance the strong flavours. We left full and happy. Would recommend Amber if you are in that part of town.
4	Fun restaurant, good food, great staff. Very nice. My kids loved it. They had a great sea bass dish for kids. Pricing was very reasonable for the quality of the food.Highly recommend the whiskey tour. Starts out a bit cheesy with a ride through the distillation process, but it gets better. Better description of the different whiskies than I have relieved before.  The whiskey collection was the best part of the tour. The gold tour comes with a good tasting at the end. If your interested in scotch, it's a great place to start
5	Really cool place especially right after a tour.  You can sample a whiskey region you just learned about.  A little expensive, but good ambiance and the food was good.
