5	I work in the Carmel Village Center in Portrait Creations, and I visit this Caribou Coffee all the time; currently, I have 2 gift cards to Starbucks right up the road, but I prefer Caribou. Their coffee and the coffee stations are better, and they are always super friendly. They have half-priced coffees on Monday that I always take advantage of!! Thank you for your services, love this place!
5	I am a furious, Gold Carded Starbucks fan..that was until I met Caribou (my newest life love).  As much as I am a coffee store fan, I actually do not drink coffee (suprisa!).  Therefore, these stars are based on other foods/drinks that are not coffee related.  My absolute favorite drink is the soy chai tea latte.  Caribou seasons this drink with love and glitter because I can never seem to chug enough.  I think it's just cinnamon/vanilla but it's my favorite go-to comfort liquid.
4	I am a big fan of Caribou.  I like how you feel like you're in a ski mountain lodge, feeling cozy with a warm beverage while sitting amongst wood trimmed walls, a fireplace, and lantern shaped lighting.  This Caribou is special for 2 reasons: (1) It's location and (2) the service.  The location is great.  Although it's tucked away in a Quail Hollow plaza, it gets great natural lighting as it sits on the corner of Carmel Road and Pineville Matthews Road.  As I'm typing my leg is being greeted by the warmth of the sun gleaming over Pineville Matthews Road.As for the service, all the baristas greet you with a warm smile that compares to the warmth of their beverages.  Even the owner, I'm told will often be behind the counter mixing up a beverage.  They're all personable and always greet regulars they know by using their name.  That's something I'm a big fan of.Location and service are often the two big factors in getting me to come back to a chain.  Add the fact that their free wi-fi always seems to be consistently working, I say this is a great go-to place to meet over coffee or get into your work over wi-fi, and top it off with a nice beverage served with a smile.
4	Comfy Caribou with lots of wood paneling and several larger and smaller tables. Power outlets are there if you look for them and of course, what is a coffee shop these days without free wifi?Coffee is excellent, even the boring drip stuff. Smooth and rich flavor, but served up quite hot. Assorted pastries that all go well with coffee. I had a cranberry-walnut scone that was excellent.There are a couple of tables on both sides of the place - in the parking area and one out on the street corner.
3	I must admit that I prefer Caribou's coffee over Starbucks when I am drinking black coffee, which is most of the time.  I find their coffee to be full-flavored without tasting burnt.   This particular Caribou is a little small, but it is cozy.  For nice days, you can grab your fav cup of joe and sit out on the patio.
4	The place is clean and the staff friendly. The coffee pretty good as well.
3	Store closed its doors on tax day, 04/15/13 along with the location on East Blvd in Charlotte :(
