5	My friend Danielle is an amazing photographer. She has done a couple photo sessions with me and the results were unbelievable. My profile pictures are a sample of her work. She creates such an artistic imagery with her photos. If you need photos done for any occasion, I highly recommend using her. I want to get her name out there and spread the word because she is so talented. Please check out her website www.danielledaigle.com if you would like more information.
5	If you are looking for "posed", formal, stuffy photos, Danielle is not for you.If, however, you are looking for artistic, creative, candid, beautiful photos that perfectly capture the moments in your life that you want to preserve forever...Danielle is definitely for you.I can't say enough about how pleased I am with our photos.  Here are a few on her blog: http://www.danielledaigle.com/2010/02/juliennes-family-phoenix-family-photographer/.  And I can't say enough about Danielle--the marriage between her talent and her desire to creatively capture you/your family/kids/pets/wedding exactly how you want them (and then some) is nothing short of perfection.
5	Danielle and her team were amazing! From our first meeting, Danielle was warm and caring. We had already booked a photographer for our February wedding but we knew that something was missing---Danielle! After meeting Danielle and going over her portfolio, it was clear that we needed to breakup with the other photographer and go with Danielle. After dealing with unclear paperwork from other vendors, Danielle's organization and clear cut details were a breath of fresh air. Danielle gives a photo release, a disc with both print and web quality versions of your pictures and hosts all of your images in an online gallery that you can share with your guests. I found her site, and after going through hundred of beautiful photos and reading her blog, I knew that she had sharp skills and a wonderful personality. Danielle worked with us on budget and time and we couldn't have been happier, she truly connects with her clients and it's clear that Danielle deserves 5++++++ stars. When our venue gave us a last minute switch with location of the bridal suite, Danielle took it in stride and helped me to pull things together, offering advice and professional insights on how to make things work. We were fortunate in that all of our vendors were wonderful, but Danielle THE best vendor we had the pleasure of working with. Danielle is open with communication and always available- pre and post wedding.Our photos were absolutely stunning! We're camera shy, but Danielle and her team were wonderful at making us feel at ease and that kind of comfortable relationship is what makes her service so unique. The way our wedding was shot shows the story from beginning to end. She covered all of the details and the emotions of the day; I don't know how she caught it, but there is even a picture of my dad with a tear in his eye. While they're everywhere, capturing everything, they are not in the way, Danielle and her teams blended seamlessly into the background when they needed to and yet managed to produce gorgeous photos.The photography aspect of a wedding is important, if you want to have the big day done right, choose Danielle. The picture turnaround was great and the quality is stellar, Danielle is extremely professional and a magnificent person to work with. We are still in touch and will be calling her again to capture our next milestones.
