2	We went there on a thursday 'Ladies' night" wanting italian food. The starters were blend, the pizze greasy beyond imagination, and the martinis full of so many other things you could even taste it. This was a real disappointment. If you want good italian (or just good) food walk further!
5	solid authentic Italian food in an old world setting.  This family restaurant has operated in the city for decades and they know Italian. I will definitely return for the wine list alone.
2	You can't beat the location or the atmosphere and its heated terrace full of laughing people beckoned...The food however is an entirely different story.At best, it's bland (pappardelle) or over seasoned (soup/mozzarella di bufala) and at worst it's completely inedible as was the case with their pizza.The margherita pizza arrived a steaming mess of gooey cheese and tiny specs of basil - fit for a .99cent slice place. It tasted like rubbery, bland cheese and undercooked dough with salt thrown in for good measure. I'm not the type to complain or send food back but when the waitress cleared my near full plate away and asked if I wanted a doggy bag I instinctively blurted "no, thanks it's inedible." The service couldn't be faulted and I was surprised when the waitress brought my bill and told me that she didn't charge me for the pizza since I clearly didn't enjoy it. She explained that their chef returned to Italy and they had a new cook working and asked what I didn't enjoy in order to give him feedback. I've never eaten there under the previous chef so I can't comment as to whether there is a marked difference; however, if you're looking for good pizza I would go pretty much anywhere else. If you're looking for a great atmosphere in little Italy and pleasant staff and a great terrace, go here and don't order the pizza.
2	Decided to try a new restaurant in little Italy.   It was a nice evening so decided to stop here and eat on the patio thats in the street.   Service wasnt that great.  Waited 10 minutes for my Moretti beer, only to be told they ran out???   Waitress also forgot to give us little bread sticks and oils to start, and they came by later with bread - we had to ask for - and she didnt even realize she forgot to give us some in the first place.   The Minestrone soup was good.   I had the Veal Parmagiana and past for the main course.   It was good, nothing special.
3	Been here a couple of times and tried both the pasta and the pizza. For appetizers I had the veal meatballs which were quite good. The portions are very generous so at least you won't leave hungry. The pasta is very good; homemade and flavorful. The pizza is a different story; the dough is heavy and soggy from all the cheese they put
4	Had a team holiday dinner there. Great food: fried calamari, mussels, pasta appetizer, salmon with avocado. The cannoli and coffee were really good. The place was a little loud, but was ok for a group of people. Good service.
