1	Don't ever make this mistake. I currently live here, and after the maintenance technician finally used the last straw that broke the camel's back I am here to put forth the reasons not to live at Renaissance Apartments."24 hour maintenance for emergencies" is what they advertise, unless it's inconvenient. The repairman decided **that we don't need air conditioning** (It is 110 degrees right now) until tomorrow. We have lived without A/C for a full day now, and will surely enjoy our long night's sleep. His excuse is that he has to go get a ladder and that will have to wait until tomorrow. Apparently 650 for a one bedroom isn't enough money to convince the landlord to hire a maintenance technician who actually does his job. Instead, he threatened to fine me if I try to fix it myself.The dog park they advertise is actually a walled off area with gravel, where teenagers hang out to smoke weed throughout the night.Expect a poorly built bathroom. It will look great when you move in, but it takes less than a month for the cheap caulking they use to peel away, which in turn will cause disgusting stains that can't be removed.You have better options than Renaissance apartments.
1	I have lived here for a little over a year and had good standing with the leasing office. As soon as I started to have trouble within the apt (dryer not working right, AC not working, my toilet not working properly, and above apt had toilet overflow twice and flooded my apt, etc) they acted like I was bothering them. Whenever I would call about the problem and ask to talk to the Property Manager, Marylene Lember, the office staff would give me the run around; she's out of town, she's not out of town; she has my message but coincidentally I never get a call back!! Stuff like this kept on happening and my apt was still not all the way repaired!! You are going to hate every minute of living here just as I have. Yes they can be nice and are very inexpensive, but as soon as something goes wrong, they all of a sudden don't want to talk to you. Don't even waste your time, spend a little extra money and stay somewhere BETTER!!!
1	I have been a resident here since February 2012.  When we moved in one of the windows was broken, the vertical blinds for the living room patio door fell off (almost on our heads), and the unit was not clean (greasy appliances, dirty windows, etc.). Our A/C is really loud - so loud that you cannot hear the TV or have a conversation between someone in the kitchen and someone nearby in the living room. Also, everything vibrates when the A/C is on (cabinets, appliances, etc.). But here is the best:  I have been a renter for 16 years in 6 different apartment/condo/townhouse complexes in 3 different states but this is the first time that I have seen anyone paint over dirt and a big pile of dust (you should see my bi-folding doors and vent covers). In the beginning, the turn around on our minor work orders was quick and then after a few months, the turn around time became a few days to weeks with no calls.  Now, we always have to call the office to f/u on any work orders.  Nothing gets done unless you call the office a few times and/or show up in person. Sometimes, they cannot find the original work order or they have lost it.  When the work gets done, it is usually not completely done and they have to come back a second time.  Also, they always leave a mess that we have to clean up. Another issue is the communication among the staff and management at the on-site office. When you f/u on something, they tell you that the person who knows about it is sick but they have a computer and should be able to look up any work orders and history of calls about work orders. They have future renters sign their leases on-line so they should be able to help you even if one of their staff members is sick.  They are managed by a big company (Riverstone) so this is not a small family operation where they write everything down by hand.Another issue is the pool which was clean in the beginning but now it is a hit or miss - often it is dirty.  The jacuzzi does not work most of the time - it is either too cold or the jets do not work.  On 3 different occasions, I have found cockroaches in the pool. I could go on and on and tell you about all of the work orders we had to put in (right now, we are dealing with the aftermath of a leaky roof in the living room).Also, since they allow dogs there are always dog feces lying around everywhere because not all of the dog owners clean up after themselves; not a pretty sight and smell especially in the summertime.  Also, the trash containers are constantly overflowing and there is trash everywhere. I am only staying here because my son's school is in walking distance.
