3	It's a McDonald's - which is uniformly consistent as far as food goes everywhere around the world, and at least the same throughout North America.  So this will be more of a review around the location versus the food/ambiance.  This is not one of the newer renovated McCafe locations but it does have the cheap coffee which my parents and their little friends love as they get the senior's discount.  While there's plenty of parking, the space between the parking lines is a bit tight.  At lunch this place is overrun by local highschoolers from Resurrection and Waterloo Collegiate Institute.  Later at night, because there really aren't too many places open late in the area, it's a bit of a popular hangout for students (high schoolers and university students).  This location is open 24/7 - or at least its drive thru is which is perfect for a burger after a hard workout at night.(Oh and a universal McDonald's tip - I always order my burgers with extra pickles - not only because I like pickles but it means that the burgers are always freshly made).
5	Exceptional cuisine for the mightiest RIM CEO, to the lowliest UW stoner. I have personally been coming to this location since I was but a wee lad, and no matter what MacD I go to, it only tastes right here. I highly recommend the B.M.Cheers!
1	I went here once while I was in the area and the restaurant was in complete chaos. I presume the manager was not on site that day, as the handling of orders was completely out of control. After waiting in line for about 10 minutes to order my food, I just ended up leaving and going to another restaurant in the area.
5	Let me preface this by saying I am a huge foodie. The proof is in the pudding, or rather on my Instagram account, which you can check out at @rehlakhani. Thanks in advance for the follows!It was a calm, summery night, and some friends and I were hungry after a long night of various activities. After consulting with different groups of pedestrians, we were recommended a restaurant named "McDonald's", which I had never heard of, but seemed to be some sort of Irish fast food restaurant.  I ended up ordering the chicken nugget combo, which came with 6 chicken nuggets, fries, and a drink. I also added two McDoubles and two junior McChicken sandwiches for good measure. Needless to say, I was quite hungry. The food took a while due to the high number of customers, but I took it as a good sign of the quality of the food of the restaurant, as they kept the customers coming in even into the wee hours of the morning.  Who knew Irish food was so popular?! The food was exquisite. The chicken nuggets were light, warm, and crispy, and ever so delicately fried a golden brown batter. Simply marvelous. The McDouble was an excellent take on the traditional American hamburger, with a juicy beef patty topped with the finest cheddar cheese, fresh diced onions, sweet pickles, and the usual ketchup and mustard. The junior McChicken sandwiches were also delightful, providing a more conservative sandwich alternative with their warm, crispy chicken and light, airy mayo. I imagine this sandwich is more in line with the Irish roots of the restaurant.  My only qualm about the sandwiches was that I would've preferred a nice brioche instead of the buns they prepared for us. And that brings us to the french fries. Oh, the fries! Golden brown sticks of joy sent down from the heavens for only $1.39! (Or maybe less since they came in the combo, honestly I'm not 100% sure of the exact price) The fries were absolutely delectable, especially when dipped into one of the many sauce packets offered by this thoughtful establishment. My personal preference was a sweet mesquite flavor, which they called "BBQ". Overall, the meal definitely exceeded all expectations. Oh yeah, and I got a coke to drink. Final rating: 5/5, I would definitely return and recommend this restaurant to my friends.  This restaurant has definitely opened my eyes to Irish cuisine, and I can't wait to sample more Irish delicacies.
