5	Keats said, "A thing of beauty is a joy for ever" and this store is full of beautiful things. From the moment you walk in the music, design and even the smells transport you in Narnia-esque fashion out of the mall and into another world. I am always inspired when I come here. Yeah... It's expensive, but my wife is worth it and comes away reminding me of why I married her. Can a store do all this? Yes!
4	Although my bank account would disagree, I feel very lucky to live in a city with two Anthropologie stores. Beautiful clothes, accessories, home decor, bedding, and books with so much charm they feel more like great antique store finds than something a corporate buyer ordered for their hundreds of posts nationwide. Between the location at southpark and this one at northlake, this one takes the cake. Usually less crowded, a bit of a better/less picked over sale selection, and the associates are super helpful. (Not that SP isn't a great store, but being in that mall draws a lot more foot traffic...and little more chaos) Price wise, yes - you're looking at dresses between $90 - $300, most in the $120 - $180 range. Great quality and great brands, but not cheap - unless the item you love makes it through three or four rounds of sales and gets marked down to next to nothing. (Sometimes the stars do align!) Their selection of jeans and basics run about the same as higher end department stores, but sometimes what seems to be a basic printed top carries an astonishingly large price tag. (and sometimes a must-have dress just happens to be marked down to $50)Great place to stop in for an outfit for special occasions (or everyday wear), gifts for all different types, a cute new book or journal, or a few candles and pillows for your own home.
4	This location is bigger than the south park anthro. They have two distinct sale sections, one for clothes, another room for kitchenware. I picked up some plates on sale today and is very happy with my purchase. Apparently the kitchenware in anthro goes on sale quite often. Service is very good as far as the check out lady I interacted with today. She has blonde curly hair that is shoulder lengthen, she looks older than the typical staff that works in anthro. I was greeted immediately upon entering the store. The only complaint I have is there is a staff in the store who was glaring at people, I am not sure if she was trying to check and see if any costumer needed help or keep herself aware of the situation in the store but she could definitely put on a less intimidating look.
5	This is one of those places where you might need a little help getting acclimated. Fortunately for me, I had Hannah. First time really shopping here, I had picked out a couple items and went into the dressing room. Met Hannah and she set me up with a room. Tried the clothes in and chatted with her about them. Flash forward 30 minutes and I'm walking out with $700 in clothing. I've NEVER spent this kind of money on clothes but Hannah set me up with some beautiful choices. Now, Anthropologie has become my drug of choice.  I can't go near it without dropping at least $50, most likely $100. But that's ok because their clothes are awesome. Great quality and beautiful!If you're at Northlake, ask for Hannah.  She's great to work with as a personal shopper!
4	I just love Anthropologie! This store is particularly nice because it's never very busy. I stop by every once in a while and never leave empty handed. The day after Christmas I had a return which took me about 5 minutes. That's awesome! The sale items are clearly marked and the store is always clean and orderly. The staff always start a fitting room for me but are no pressure! Just this past weekend I left with 4 new dresses. This store is one of my favorites, I would live there if invited.
