3	It's a Home Depot - pretty consistent throughout its locations though generally a bit nicer than the locations I've been to in the US.  This one offers a limited selection of furniture, has a plant department, small rental department, a Second Cup coffee shop and Harvey's (burger joint).  I'd say that service has gone down over the years but the staff are generally friendly and helpful.  Being a warehouse store, it can be pretty difficult to find someone to ask questions to sometimes.  Personally I like the shopping experience though at Home Depot - with its wide aisles, and reasonably good selection/presentation.  Locally in Waterloo, there really aren't too many options except possibly the Rona (pretty far out in Kitchener) and Home Hardware (which are generally smaller with less selection).
5	Well, it's really about time I gave some credit where it's due!  We've been renovating the house over the past 3 years - floors, paint, deck, bathrooms, electrical,pretty much everything and have been in the store once and sometimes twice a week. I can't begin to say how helpful the staff are.  They are the friendliest bunch of people and go out of their way to be helpful.  We're such regulars everyone greets us, chats, and kids us that we must have a bedroom in the back of the store.  As for the merchandise, we've found it be very competitively priced. Better than Rona, MUCH better than Home Hardware, we would not consider buying elsewhere.  Do they stand behind the product?  A resounding YES.  We purchased exterior lights last year and found the paint flaking and corrosion on them this spring.  No, we couldn't find the receipt but they instantly replaced the fixtures for us with no problem.  The small Japanese Maple we bought for the garden last year didn't make it through the winter.  I called and was told yes there is a one year guarantee on perennials.  Again no receipt to show date of purchase.  The asst. store manager a wonderful lady called Lori took the time to go through more than 100 receipts online looking for that receipt.  She didn't find it so I must have used the other card.  Well, no receipt - Did she give me a problem?  Not at all.When we went in on Sunday, we were given a credit of $25.00 to compensate for the loss of the maple (it had been a $25. tree).  Should you shop at the Home Depot in Waterloo?  A resounding YES.  Fair prices, excellent business practices, wonderful staff.  We have also shopped on occasion at the Cambridge/Kitchener  location (Gateway) and no - go to Waterloo, even if it's out of your way!  5 Stars for Waterloo Home Depot.
3	For selection this store has it all. From outdoor supplies and fixtures and plants to indoor appliances, lighting , housewares and more this Home Depot has great selection and usually plenty of inventory.  The big reason for the 3 stars is $. I used to think they were automatically going to be the cheapest of very competitive for things like brooms, shovels-outdoor yard equipment (seeder) etc. however upon making 4 or 5 purchases and following them up with price checks at the local home hardware I noticed I paid DOUBLE on some items. Yes I understand sometimes some stores have things on sale but these were both regular priced items at both stores. I still go to Home Depot all the time but I always check out my local Home Hardware first !
