5	This could be by far the best place to get a massage at. I paid $80 for a deep tissue massage in May this year. I cant rememebr my therapists name, but she was amazing. Her hands were perfect. I've had a number of massages and let me tell you, after i left this place (with 3 of my gfs that also got massages), we all felt  AMAZING.
5	I went to this place with my girl who wrote the review before mine and I have to agree that this place was AMAZING. I strayed away from my normal deep tissue massage to get a hot stone massage and let me just say it felt so good I left the room feeling a little high and like a came from a different realm. The $85 spent for the hour was well worth it and the male therapist I had was very experienced with what he did. He had worked at many other places I believe he worked somewhere in Mexico as well so he knew how to work those stones. This place definietely beats paying double the price at the spas in the casinos.
5	Perhaps I should be embarrassed to write this review, but I've reached the age where I dont care...much like the point where your dad is ok going out in sweat pants for dinner.  These things just happen.  That being said, I had a fabulous treatment at A Touch of Vegas Day Spa the other day.  Truly a 5 Star experience.  A massage you ask?  Not Quite.  A Facial?  Maybe next time.  So what did I have done?  Well a chest and back wax...some of us arent hairless Adonises!  Before you think Im some out of control swarthy disco owner, Ill let the record show its not that much but enough where i felt it might be a good idea to get rid of for the summer and hanging out at pools.  Im of Yugoslavian heritage...hair is as natural to us as stuffed cabbages!Now that we've cleared the air and can focus on the specifics, I found this spa to amazing for a little local place.  Booking was a cinch by phone and the check in process was easy.  Their relaxation room is minimal but its a small place so it fits with their concept.  The place is decorated very quaint and homely with homage paid to 1950's Americana.  My esthetician made me feel completely relaxed for my treatment (as much as you can when it feels like your heart is being ripped out) and in reality, it was over before I knew it.  Not only that, she continually checked with my comfort level and was thorough in her execution.  At the end, she spent about 5 or 10 minutes explaining what to do and not do for the next 48 hours and I never felt rushed.  If I enjoyed pain this much there, I can only imagine how great relaxation is at A Touch of of Las Vegas!  That's why I'm already planning to come back for a massage down the road.  Now to enjoy my 6 weeks of swimming speed and efficiency before my return to Robin Williams territory.
5	Didn't want to pay an arm and a leg for a massage in Las Vegas and I thought the best way to do that would be to avoid going to a spa on the strip.  So I ventured off the strip and Googled 'affordable day spas in Vegas and was somehow led to this place.  I figured if it's located on a road called Dean Martin and was near the Bellagio, it should be good right?  Took a deep breath and booked an appointment over the phone for a Hot Stone Massage for my boyfriend (my birthday treat for him) and the Aromatherapy Massage for me (I chose Lavender).  We got there and felt right at home.  The front desk girl greeted us warmly and checked us in.  The spa is beautiful inside with rock'n'roll theme.  Red was a dominant color.  She offered us some tea and we had a lot of time to enjoy it as we were 30 minutes early.  Our therapists were right on schedule.  Before starting the treatment, they asked us if there was any body part that they wanted us to focus on. They also asked if we had any blisters on our feet that they needed to avoid. (I had two from too much walking.)  My therapist had a very calm and relaxing voice.  She told me to try my best to relax throughout the whole treatment.  She never talked which I loved.  Her touch was very gentle.  It was such a nice break from going to all those rough reflexology places which I happen to frequent.  With Vegas standards in mind, this place is quite a bargain.  Truly one of the best massages I've ever had.  I could tell that the therapists really read the client consultation forms because as we walked out they said, "Enjoy the rest of your stay in Vegas!"
5	While in Vegas las weekend, I decided  really wanted a massage.  I also decided that I really didn't want to pay 3 times the standard price at hotel spa on the strip.  So, I turned to Yelp and found this gem of a spa.  I couldn't have been more satisfied.  The atmosphere was nice, the price was right, and I had one of the best massages of my life! Highly, highly recommended!
5	I am local and I was very impressed with this spa.  I had a manicure, pedicure, and a 50 min deep tissue massage.  My manicurist was awesome!  I never felt rushed and we had nice conversation during my mani/pedi, she also gave me some new ideas to try.  Then the massage came and it was so amazing!!  I am definately going to be back Rebecca did an amazing job, I didn't want to leave.
5	I hate being that Yelp reviewer that only gives 5 star reviews but this place deserves it. I had a fantastic massage from Monica (or Monique) I think ??? It was only 50 minutes but she hit on every thing/body part/relaxation point on my body. She made such good use of the time, I was worried that I was going to be left wanting more but I wasn't. I felt totally comfortable and relaxed the whole time. This place doesn't have the glitzy spa look or location but it doesn't matter. The service is excellent, the price is right, they give 20% off on your birthday (bring your ID)  and will come and pick you up! Save your money and pass on the expensive hotel spas, this place won't disappoint. I'm so glad I found this place on Yelp before making reservations elsewhere.
4	I'm very glad I went off strip to this spa.  I wasn't that impressed with the decor, but the Pacific Paradise body scrub was great. My masseuse, Erica, gave an amazing deep tissue massage that was the perfect end to a busy weekend. I will definitely be returning!
4	I tried this place based on the reviews on yelp - wasn't disappointed.  It's much cheaper than the big name spas at the big hotels on the strip, but still conveniently located.  And even if it's not convenient for you - guess what!  They have shuttles!The front desk was a little off for my tastes.  I was barely acknowledged and it was a cold greeting, so I was a little put-off. BUT!  Then Norma found me in the waiting room and everything was relaxation and zen after that.I had a really relaxing pedicure with a nice foot and calf massage and a great artistic job on my toes.  Great experience.  Never felt rushed, just a nice way to spend an afternoon.  This is probably the best pedicure I've ever had.I mentioned to Norma that I had never had a facial.  She gave me the details and I said I'd make an appointment on my way out.  Instead, while I was relaxing with my clay mask on my feet - she went ahead and made some room in her schedule and did my facial right after my pedicure.  Woo hoo!My first facial was awesome and just another un-rushed relaxing experience.  A lovely neck and shoulder massage was icing on the cake.I really love that Norma was so flexible and easy to talk to.  She was only as chatty as I was (I like to ask questions about Vegas locals - so interesting) and when I was clammed up and relaxing - so was she.  Very good spa employee that knows when to talk and when to let the client relax.All in all - it was a very good experience.  My only complaint would be that I wish the front desk was more friendly and welcoming like Norma was.  But it's a minor complaint.My pedicure still looks like I just had it done this afternoon and it's been almost 5 days ago.  FANTASTIC!
5	I had such an awesome experience here....after partying Friday and Saturday it was so nice to get a massage and facial on Sunday.  I have been to day spa's back at home and had some great massages but I never realized what a good facial was until I came here.  Don't get me wrong my massage was great but my facial was AWESOME! I left and didnt have to put foundation on and here I am a few days later and my skin still looks the best it has in years.  I wish I could have packed them in my suitcase and brought them home with me ;-)
5	This place is over the charts in my book! I was in Vegas the latter part of April 2011 for a trade show and between the constant walking, classes, and an already aggravated shoulder, I was in pain and miserable by the last day of the event. I woke up in the morning and decided to book an afternoon reservation for a deep tissue massage and epicuren pedicure to finish out my week. I wasn't sure what to expect but from the get-go, I felt like they took care of me. They courteously called me back a few times to coordinate my schedule despite the fact that my morning was crazy and kept forgetting to get back to them. They picked me up from the convention center and returned me safe and rejuvenated to my resort. The deep tissue massage was incredible! It was an experience that helped to relieve so much of the tension and pain that I had been dealing with all week. The pedicure that followed was equally indulgent and as I write this, my nail polish from that pedi OVER A MONTH AGO is still intact in comparison to the usual paint job I get from my local salon. The owner(?) was the one who returned me to my resort and if you're reading this, I am so deeply appreciative to the thoughtful care your staff showed me. I plan to come back when I head back to Vegas in a week and I am so looking forward to a fresh pedi! Did I say INCREDIBLE! Oh yeah!!!
4	Took my husband here for a massage while I got a facial and neck and shoulder massage. My masseuse was great and so was my husband's. Place was clean. But I gave it 4stars because the rooms were too small to get a couples side by side massage.
1	I honestly have absolutely no idea how this place has such a high rating. I am positive it wasn't just the experience or the person that I had; the place was just BAD!! I went for a pedicure, and it was the worst pedicure of my entire life. When I think of a pedicure chair, I think of one of those nice cushy massaging pedicure chairs with the attached tub. I've had varying degrees of newness, cleanliness, and comfortableness with those pedicure chairs, but never in my life have a had a pedicure in anything but those chairs. ATOLV did not even have pedicure chairs! They had rickety red straight back chairs no different than you might find in a college dorm (and super tacky looking). For the foot tub, they had a little bowl, like from Walmart, filled with water that cooled off very quickly (imagine that), and fake, wicked tacky rose petals. As you can probably imagine, a straight back, non-reclining chair and a bowl of water didn't work out too well. It was SO uncomfortable. I had to really use my leg muscles to hold myself upright with my feet in the bowl. For the out of the water stuff, they have you rest your foot on the nail person's thigh which I was really uncomfortable doing, not just because I had to assume an awkward position due to the chair, but also because I was resting on someone's thigh that was awkwardly hunched over to do my nails... The massage was sub-par, and the actual treatment of my nails was really really sub-par. She got nail polish on my skin and did not remove it, and used some low quality top coat (certainly not OPI or any of the standard polishes), and it wasn't shiney at all. The coat started chipping off in 2 weeks, which was fine because it gave me an excuse to get a new pedicure as this one never looked good in the first place.The ambiance was also WEIRD. If you stereotype tacky tacky Las Vegas, this is it. It sort of tried to go for a black and red, quasi movie star, pseudo edgy decor, but it failed on all fronts and just looked tacky, right down to the red carpet in front of the door. The lighting in the room where they did the pedicures was so low that I honestly could not even clearly see the color I was selecting for my nails. I'll stick with Asian-run places in the future. And for $60?? I pay half that back in Boston for a far better pedi, and I'm sure I can find a far better pedi for a far better price in Vegas too. Heck, I'll pay the $75 or $80 at the Cosmopolitan salon just for an experience worth paying for, because I probably would've gotten more for my $60 if I stuck it in a slot machine than paying for that awful pedicure.
5	This place is the best. I have had Spa Services at at more then twice the price on hotels on the Strip, and did not enjoy my experience as much i did with A Touch of Las Vegas. My wife and I make sure that we get a massage whenever we go on Vacation. The Last time we were in Las Vegas we had a massage at the Vadara and spent around $300 for an 80 min couples massage. On this visit i looked around on yelp to see if i could save some money and still get a good massage. So we gave a Touch of Las Vegas a try and Loved it. They have a shuttle service to pick you up from your hotel, the Spa I very close to the strip it is only a few min to drive there, and the building was clean and professional, the spa has a rock n roll them. The staff was all very nice we both enjoyed our service. We paid $150 + tip for a 100 min massage Hotel price of $300 for 80 min. If you want a resort style massage at a good price I Highly recommend a Touch of Las vegas.
5	From the phone call to book to walking out the door .... FANTASTIC.  BEST facial EVER.  Got my brows waxed as well and never had so much time spent on time.  She was a perfectionist.  Then pedicure.  Liz is AMAZING.  LOVE HER.  Will be back .... for sure.
5	We completely enjoyed our experience at A Touch of Las Vegas.  We flew in from San Francisco and stayed at the Bellagio that charged way too much for a massage.  We checked out Yelp and found ATOLV.  They sent a car to pick us up and a short drive later we were at the spa.  The ambiance is not traditional spa, but it was fine considering the outstanding massages that we got.  The table in the room was very comfortable and my massage therapist monitored my every need.  The prices were very good and we left feeling like we got our money's worth.  We will return on our next trip to Vegas.
4	An awesome, thorough, and thoroughly relaxing deep tissue massage! Ladies weekend in Vegas should always include a visit to A Touch of Las Vegas. Not only is it well priced, but they also include a pickup from your hotel since they're slightly off the Strip. Their facilities are smaller than others on the Strip but priced a lot better, combine a visit here with a day pass at Qua and you're all set!
5	During my first visit to Vegas my boyfriend and I decided to get a couples massage.  It was a wonderful experience.  Although, I dont remember the lady my boyfriend had I do remember the girl who did my massage, Grace.  She was amazing!  One of the best massages I have ever had in my life!  I love the way the salon is decorated.  They have a lovely waiting area with tea and water with fresh fruit.  It was very peaceful and with the rock and roll vibe it just totally went with our style.  I will definitely go back next time I find myself in Vegas!  Did I mention the 20% off when its your bday!  They definitely treat their clients!
3	We decided to try out this spa due to the reviews and price.We got the couples 90 min Swedish massage, wished I went for the deep tissue massage. I felt like the massage therapist was rushing throughout the massage. She did focused on my problem spot but did not apply enough pressure. On other areas it was quick and light. Overall, my boyfriend and I felt relaxed but I wished the therapist took more time. We tipped 20% for the massage. As for the driver, we did not tip when we got dropped off because the driver said he was going to take us back. We were planning to tip after the spa. We weren't able to get the same driver, but another lady driver. She was actually the receptionist that greeted us when we entered the spa. We gave her $20. $10 for the guy driver and $10 for her.  We asked if she could give it to him. Felt bad for not tipping in the first place. I just hope she did. Overall experience is okay and relaxing. It has not beat my number 1 spot yet.
5	Definitely one of the best spa days I've ever had! I called really last minute and they where still able to fully accommodate me.  I did the package that included a facial, massage, lunch, and mani/pedi. Upon arrival, the building is really large for a day spa. It's clean, well lit, and adorably decorated with different Vegas style themes in each area of the spa. I started with the massage which was AMAZING. I can't remember the gentleman's name, but it was obvious that he was very knowledgeable when it came to muscle systems and the body. He focused on my problem areas and I left the massage feeling like a noodle.The facial was very extensive and thorough, and came with lots of great advice specifically for my skin type. The products were gentle yet effective on my skin.I was very satisfied with every aspect of the facial.The mani and pedi is the only place that was a bit lack luster. Instead of a cushy spa chair, it is a movie theater seat (cute, but not the most comfy) with a metal bowl placed on the floor with water and rose pedals. The nail technician made up for the lack of luxury with an amazing personality and lots of friendly conversation. Pedi was good, mani was rushed due to the next client being there already, and it showed. Lunch choices were either a salad, wrap, or sandwich with different meat choices. I chose a chicken salad which was amazing! the chicken was roasted with great seasonings, and the salad included nuts, apples, and a really great vinaigrette. I ate this during the pedicure.HUGE bonus points for the fact that they will shuttle you to and from your hotel/timeshare for FREE in a big 'ol Escalade. The staff are great and friendly, and I recommend this spa for a great spa day!
4	Compared to price of other spas & given its nice layout, definitely worth the short trip off the strip.
5	I had a great experience here. Rosie was magical.
5	What an amazing place. They pick you up from your hotel in a brand new Denali and that is just an introduction to the top class service. I had a couples massage while here in Vegas on my honeymoon and it was THE BEST experience I've ever had at a spa. I've had spa treatments (facials, massages, etc) at salons all over the world- from Manhattan and LA to the Mediterranean, and Touch of.. ranks as one of the best I've ever had- including the price it puts it as THE best. Come here- stay out of the overpriced casino spas. .
5	Great spa good pricing will have to come back on the next trip. They even pick you up.  I had the sports 100 mins massage with Douglas.  After it was over my whole body was like rubber.  Awesome job!  Facial was great too!  I booked the massage and facial for myself and my husband.  He didn't want to go and wanted to stay and gamble all day .  After everything was done, he said he would go back.  Very clean, very friendly
4	A Touch of Las Vegas is one of the best places to receive a massage in Vegas without the high prices! They're conveniently located 5 minutes off the strip and provide some excellent massages at an affordable rate. But they're off the strip, why would I pay a taxi to get there? YOU DON'T! They conveniently have a shuttle service that picks you up directly from the front of your hotel. It's free except gratuities which is awesome. Also, the driver is great and when you enter the location, they provide you with hot tea, water and fruit. This is a nice way to cleanse up prior to your massage. I ended up getting a couples massages for 50 minutes with gratuities for ~$180. A great deal if you ask me. You'll pay double at any hotel on the strip.  The customer service, massage and treatment was excellent. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to receive one in Las Vegas!--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
5	We both needed some form of *TLC* after running around Vegas like children left alone in a Super-Walmart-size candy store. Our bodies were sore from the endless walking and our energy levels were at a "critical red" low (yep, we were definitely running on fumes).There was nothing I wanted to do more than simply teleport back to the hotel room, turn the A/C temperature to subfreezing temperatures, envelope myself in pillows and blankets, mute all phones and cut all other means of contact, hit my personal hibernation button, and drift away to a la-la-oh-so-unicorny-rainbowy-land to forget about the existence of this world.Yet, my lady had a different idea of a TLC to "fix us". Fiddling around on her iPhone, she was taking turns in reading and then making phone calls while I remained in my stupefied-zombie-staring-into-oblivion mode. She eventually woke me up from my daze and gave me an address to drive us to. (NOTE: I did not have the slightest clue where we were headed since I didn't pay attention to what she was doing OR to her conversations on the phone.)I saw the name of this establishment the moment we pulled into the small compound of shops and immediately guessed what my lady had planned for us a few moment's ago. She wanted a massage to soothe out us out of our misery.We were greeted by such friendliness and asked to fill out a simple questionnaire (just the usual basic information as well as some personal habits/routines and health questions). We were introduced to our super sweet and friendly masseuses that ushers us into the couple's massage room and left us to get ready for our session.Sure enough, within a few minutes of TLC, we ported into a world of bright white drapes with golden roads and unicorns walking about us. We saw angels flying around the clouds to the tunes of sweet music.WAIT...I'm dreaming.I had fallen asleep about 35 minutes into the session and woke up finding my lady very amused (as well as to muffled giggles from our masseuses who assured me that it was normal AND that I wasn't snoring loud enough to wake up Las Vegas. Wait a minute, Vegas never sleeps! OMGosh, facepalm, lol). Yet, I immediately noticed that my body was free of pain and my breathing has been easier.Perhaps it was the massage.Perhaps it was simply the short nap.But the overall experience was great and the lady and I felt so much better after.Definitely worth the ~$180 after gratuity.
5	Girlfriend and I were in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and we really wanted to get a couples massage together...but we weren't willing to pay the extra dollars for it to be in the hotel.  Visited Touch of Las Vegas online, did the research and booked a 50min session.Let's just say, I now want to do a longer session.The idea of being picked up, not dealing with getting a cab or getting the car from the Valet was the first awesome thing.As for the actual session itself, it was awesome.  Driving up to the place, it was a lil bit odd, it being in a little strip mall.   Walked in and let me just say...service was awesome.  I am bad with names, but both my GF and I were thoroughly impressed with the service.  We thoroughly enjoyed the entire session and to top it off, we got a nice drive back to the hotel.This place is affordable, awesome service and provides a ride.Definitely coming back the next time we are in Sin City.
5	Fantastic! I came here to get my hair and makeup done before my husband and I got married (we eloped!). The service was absolutely fantastic, and the prices are very competitive for hair and makeup, and it was so close by (stayed at the Rio). Awesome experience, perfect way to go into my wedding!
5	I like to think that we're regulars here as we often make it a thing to get our fix whenever we come to Sin city. My wife and I love this place and have never received a bad experience. The massages are so thorough and professional you think you're taking advantage of them cause their price for the massages are priced so affordable compared to other day spas.
5	Great day spa! My wife and I have been here twice and will be back!
5	In town for a meeting at the Rio and after 3 days on my feet it was time for a farewell relaxing massage to loosen the muscles.After researching a bit, I found A Touch of Las Vegas Day Spa and even luckier for me, I was assigned Rosie as my massage therapist.The spa is off the strip and very close to the Rio. It is a very clean spa with Rock n Roll themed paintings and memorabilia in the waiting area.A 80 minute massage is priced right at $100. The hotel massages are generally much more than that for just 50 minutes.After a completing a health and information profile, I waited about 15 minutes in the waiting area with videos of Frank Sinatra, Michael Jackson and more playing quietly on a big flat screen.The massage room was clean, low lighting, soft music and a heated massage table with incredibly comfortable blanket for draping.After a minute of discussing my needs, Rosie went to work on one of the best professional massages I have ever had. It was 80 minutes of gentle but soothing strokes and pressure. At one point I was so relaxed I started to drift in and out of a light sleep.Can't wait till my next Vegas trip so I can return to A Touch of Vegas!
5	Excellent place! Had a massage, facial done. Best I've had in a long time. Products are great too.
5	Absolutely fantastic VIP treatment. My wife and I got a couple's massage - I had just played in the rugby tournament AND it was our anniversary.  What a treat!  Also, she got an awesome mani-pedi before we wnt to dinner.  Great value, excellent atmosphere and outstanding service.  Alex is the best!!!  We will definitely come back.
5	I only went to have my hair done but trust me, it was definitely a job and a half for most normal salons. I had an appointment and was put into the relaxation room right away, they offered me water and asked if there was anything I needed. When the hair dresser took me from the room and to her chair I was bluntly honest with her which was along the line of:"My hair is insanely long because I haven't cut it in almost 6 months and it grows very fast. My hair was damaged very badly between a butchered color dye job and the environment I live in (hard water/desert land/constant sun/sandstorms). My hair has already shown signs of breakage and split ends. I want it one color but it has to be low maintenance because it may be another 6 months before I can have a professional touch it."Even though I told her all that she kept her composure, was VERY professional and told me she could help me. I was absolutely amazed as I have gone into many salons with far less problems and heard far worse responses. She was also very nice to talk to during the process and very encouraging. At the time I was a very light blonde and she convinced me to go back to my natural hair color, a dirty blonde. She matched my natural hair color perfectly and cut it to be low maintenance but still make me feel wonderful. I love the work she did and throughout the process made sure I was happy with what she was doing, had magazines, had water if I needed it and she was great for conversation. I'm sad that I didn't get to try out more services from the spa as they have many that sound wonderful but the atmosphere is very calm with a flair of rock and roll and the staff is very nice. I also found out when I was there that they have a cab/shuttle service they work with that the people arriving seemed very happy with. I used a cab service they worked with to get back to my hotel and he was very professional and prompt to show up. Also they let me know that in the future they will be doing child packages for hair cuts/manicures so in the future I'm sure they will be child friendly for those who want it.
5	I went in for a facial today with Liz (really beautiful girl) and she did a great job!  $80 facial (before the 20% first time local's discount) with a shoulder wash and about a dozen different lotions and creams for the face, not to mention a really nice shoulder and scalp massage!  Highly recommended!
5	I had a 50-minute deep tissue massage- My job requires a lot of stressful physical activity and since all I've been doing since I got to Vegas about 2.5 weeks ago is work this was a perfect idea. I am going back in a few days for more services like the facial and ear candling. I recommend this place for sure :)
4	A very nice eclectic spa. I had a really great massage by my therapist Victoria. This place is nicely kept and serene inside. It is a bit off the beaten path, but not too bad. The prices are fantastic! you cant beat it. They did not offer the pick up service anymore... which was a bit of a disappointment, after reading the previous reviews.The service was very professional with a table warmer to keep you warm. I felt great when I was done. My muscles had a well needed break.
5	Back again in Vegas for business and luckily I was able to make time for a massage at Touch of LV Day Spa.After 80 minutes under the influence of Rosey's wonderful soothing hands, 4 days of standing in a booth working, all melted away! Soothing, relaxing nirvana with every every sore muscle massaged. For me it's a light touch Swedish however you can choose dep tissue if need be. A professional massage with a caring touch. Another 5 star massage by my favorite LV message therapist!  Need to get back to Vegas soon. Thanks TLVDS!
4	After running a marathon, the next day my body was consumed in pain and I could barely get out of bed. Perusing the Yelp app, I found that the closest massage place to my apartment is A Touch of Las Vegas Day Spa. Located in the shopping center right next to the Panorama Towers, there's ample of parking and the place is easy to spot while you're driving. The interior of this place is just a typical Las Vegas massage place so there isn't much to rave about. On the other hand, since I'm here for a massage and not to enjoy the environment, I will stick with commenting on the actual service offered and let me tell you it was AH-MAY-ZING! My massage therapist that day was Johann. He started out a little hard but when he asked how the pressure was, I asked for it to be lighter. From that moment on, I felt so relaxed and the aching started to just drift away. Not all massage therapists know how to hit the good spots on your body but Johann did a great job at covering many of them. He was also very professional and I could not have asked for a better massage that day. If you come to this place, ask for him. Don't hesitate and make sure to tell him up front how you want your massage to be. You won't be disappointed. I took a star off because of the price. At $70 for 50 minutes + 20% tips, this place isn't cheap!
4	After spending the previous day walking up and back the strip 100 degree weather my body and my feet needing major pampering.  and took advantage of the Ye and took advantage of the Yelp special; a 50 minute massage,mini facial, spa pedi & mani. . the spot they gave me a post sure that said they offer a complimentary weekdays shuttle service to local hotels. I'm taking a point of it because this was not offered to me when I called and made my appointment  even after I asked him how long even after I asked him how long the taxi ride to be from xx hotel.Overall a great experience.
4	This place was arguably the best massage I had ever had! and I have had ALOT of massages. My friends and I were on a girls trip to Vegas, May 1-19, 2013, and through reading reviews, decided to take a chance on this place. The shuttle service to and from our hotel was convenient as well.We had four (4) massages: Deep Tissue, Swedish, Pre-Natal and Hot Stone. Two of us added the lemon aromatherapy for $10 bucks and it was great! The lady at the front desk was completely pleasant. I personally had Douglas for my massage, the deep tissue- Ah!MaZing!The ONLY reason it did not get a 5 star rating is because our ride back to the hotel (a lady) was a bit unpleasant. One of my friends left her sunshades on the counter in the lobby and we noticed and told the lady driver about 2 minutes after being gone. Her attitude was a bit negative and I can only assume that as a result, the coordination of getting the sunshades back was a tainted. Kind of left a bad taste in my mouth.But- I still cannot come to let the "sunshades" experience discount the massages. They were great!
4	I was in Vegas for a conference and the hubby flew out to meet me to have some reconnect time.  We were celebrating our wedding anniversary a little early and I thought it would be great to get a couples massage.  The concierge at the Renaissance recommended the Spa and said she was also a client.  She was so enthusiastic about it that I thought she was either getting a kick back or she was just a major fan. I had originally called the "big names" (read: Canyon Ranch) and was blown away by the prices.  This was reasonably priced (we're from the DC area so I may be a bit skewed) but it was worth every penny!  I made sure to ask everyone's name so I could give them a shout out on YELP:  Giselle and Angela are DA BOMB!!  WONDERFULLY skilled!!  We were in heaven and my hubby is not one to give kudos easily.  I also had a quick lip and eyebrow wax with Rosie who was a sweetie. Jesse was so professional and helpful on the phone when I called to make the reservation and very pleasant in person as well.  Don't be thrown off by the strip mall location.....Finally, they have a complimentary car service to pick you up and drop you off to the spa/hotel (they do require you to tip the driver - we gave him $10).  The only thing I could say is that they were only able to take us back after our service so we had to cab it to the location.  All and all - wonderful experience.  Will be back next time we're in Vegas - they have an extensive list of other services, too - but a massage will be a MUST!!
5	This place is so cool and the massage therapist did a great job!  The front desk girl was so sweet and helpful.  I really liked her!  I wish I could remember her name.  She had blonde hair & super cute Ray Bans on - but that's all I know :|  This is probably the best massage I have ever had.  It was very relaxing and a great way to end my stay in Vegas (especially after all of the walking, dancing, partying, etc).
5	Opted to come here for our anniversary  instead of paying inflated prices at our hotel. Very close to main strip, and well worth it! Massages were awesome, wife loved the manicure and pedicure. Visually pleasing, great ambiance, very professional and well worth the price!
3	I really would like to give this more stars, but it's just a little hard for me to.The facts:--it is off the strip--about a $8-10 taxi ride from the middle of the strip or they offer a shuttle.  However, you need to book the shuttle in advance and it stops running at 5:30pm--takes most major credit cards, and you can add gratuity on the charge slip when you sign for it--$85 for 50 minutes deep tissue massage.--if you drive, looks like lots of parking (strip mall type of set up)--offers all sorts of services: i just did the massage, so take a look at other reviews for the others.--2 bathrooms inside.  Looks like there were also a few lockers available and a shower.  If you don't do a locker, you can take your purse/bags inside the massage room with you.The ok part:--the tea room was sort of just a room with a few couches, magazines and water and some tea.  nothing fancy at all. Sort of like a doctor's waiting room, with liquid.  Ok, so I guess that's why it's called the "tea room" and not the "spa relaxation room"--facilities were clean enough.  The sheets on the massage table was thin and kind of worn out.  It didn't feel dirty, but it didn't feel or smell crisp and clean.  The face pillow was a little worn out, and the sheet felt thin and worn.  I wasn't sure if they change it out between people or not.  that felt a bit yucky when I was thinking about that.  There was definitely a Vegas theme inside.  --My therapist was pretty good and used decent pressure--definitely didn't feel like "deep tissue" but there were times that it did feel quite good when she dug in.  I guess I thought "deep tissue" massages usually meant that I don't like the fru fru sweedish rubs, so go for it, but it wasn't to be.  She did stretch me out, which was good, so I'll give her that.  She was very nice and professional.--The massage oil is really oily, and she used a lot of it.  I could have used a lot less.  It was a bit icky.--The whole process was kind of rushed--not soothing, like you'd want a massage.  When she was done it was like, "ok, you're done" "oh, you can take your time". Maybe it is because we were at the end of the day, but as it was, they asked us to come in 15 minutes later.I think some of the issue was that I expected more, with all of the good reviews, but it was sort of just ok.  I think I'd try another place before coming back, mostly because there are so many other places to choose from, and I hope there  might be somewhere else that will feel clean, crisp, relaxing, and be able to dig out the tension in my body.
5	I have to give attention to my esthetician, Liz Martinez! She was magnificent! And she knows her product!! Believe me, she is worth it! She had the perfect touch. If you've had a facial, you know that the extraction part is the worst, but she was gentle and did an amazing job at making me feel as comfortable as possible. She is very professional and gives a great spa experience. If you want to get pampered make sure when booking for your facial appt., you book with Liz! Cant wait till I go to her again!! Thanks for the experience
5	I bought a 80 min massage and hot oil scalp massage for my hubby on our last trip to Vegas for Father's day. He said it was the Best Massage ever! Yes we travel all over the nation and enjoy getting massages, mostly at upscale hotel spas. After reading the reviews I asked if he wanted to go there instead of a hotel. He had Rosey and says she is the best (next to me of course ) and even scheduled another appt on his next trip. Thank you!!
5	Well first of all let me say that the service is great. The young lady Crystal that greets you when you enter is so courteous that it would make you wonder if it was all genuine but let me assure you IT IS... I purchased a prenatal massage for my wife and they were extremely helpful. 2 hours later the wife feels great and rejuvenated.  She had the Expecting a rockstar package and will definitely be making this a must every time we come to Vegas.
5	Definitely a great experience here!! I had Rosie!! She did a fantastic job. Everyone was very friendly and professional!!
5	I've gone to a few spas at some of the hotels, but this one beats them all :) I love the atmosphere. From the time I walk in, until the time I leave, its relaxing and amazing! I have had Liz twice now for my facials..the second time was pure fate because I couldn't remember her name! She does amazing facials and made my brazilian almost painless!! I  can't wait till next time! (Unlike what another reviewer said, sheets and everything else was in great shape)! The first time I got a facial here,  I also had an amazing massage by rosie (I think that was her name) . It was sooo relaxing and I love the massage oil she used.. it felt very moist almost like water based. I totally recommend this spa!
5	Although this is place is known for it's massages, I go here to get my hair cut by Jo. It's always a great experience and a good time because she is so entertaining.I'm a guy and I usually wouldn't think to go to a place like this for a haircut but Jo is a pro!
5	3 of us booked with less then 24 hours notice for my birthday. BEST SPA DAY EVER! Best facial, Best Massage and back home I usually go to 5 star hotel spas. I wasn't willing to spend a grand in Vegas just for a spa day. Even my husband who typically doesn't like massages loved his masseuse bc he said she backed off when she could tell it was getting to "rough" for him.My masseuse was AMAZING. It always surprises me how you can get a very expensive massage and it feels like someone just rubbing your back for an hour. My masseuse knew the muscular regions and worked out all of my stiffness firmly but heavenly! SHE KNOWS WHAT SHE IS DOING! I wanted to put her in a suitcase and bring her home with us! I also really enjoyed the products they used in the facial! Everyone was smiling and upbeat. The receptionist was lovely. All in all I have nothing negative to say!
5	First time having a massage that wasn't in a fancy hotel. I made the appointment for couples massage a day in advance. The lady on the phone was very nice and accommodating. The location was not far from Vdara. The place didn't look fancy or flashy. No ambient lighting or anything either. Don't expect posh furniture or decorations either. Just think, this is the reason why you're getting your bang for you buck. My masseuse was Rosie. She was very friendly and sweet. She had me describe my ideal pressure and problem areas. I told her between a Swedish and deep tissue and she nailed it. Full time and good price for the couples massage. If you don't want to pay more just for fancy decor and posh furniture, come here. They get straight to the point :) will be back again!
5	I don't live in Las Vegas anymore, but I was in town visiting my parents for two and half weeks and I came here twice (Both times I got a 50 min - deep tissue massage).  Both times my tech/masseuse was Lindsey and it was a great experience.  If you want a $30 massage from a massage envy or chain massage place then don't come here, but I've been to multiple massage places in Vegas (I lived here for 8 years) and this was by far the best.  I've had 3 shoulder surgeries (two AC joints, and a torn labrum), and I have a crepitis grinding in my scapula and she was very considerate of my injuries while also applying great pressure for a deep tissue massage.  I can honestly say that after I got my deep tissue massage I literally went home and did nothing the rest of the day except pass out, which is exactly what I needed at that time.  They have very friendly staff, very easy booking and a clean environment.
4	This was our only truly positive experience in our time in Vegas. This is not a true spa- you're not going to come here and get a robe and lounge with some tea and soothing music. It's very Vegas- lots of rock posters and red paint. However, the prices are also not Vegas and that's a small miracle.I booked a couples deep tissue massage for me and my boyfriend. We had a great experience, and our knots are completely gone. Our girls were sweet and had a good sense of humor. The only thing that was a bit off? My girl definitely farted while massaging me. Hilarious. It's worth the money and the 10 dollar taxi ride. Thanks for the great experience!
5	This place is obviously smaller relative to somewhere like Qua, but this place is awesome!  I've gotten massages at a lot of the different spas on the strip.  Not only is this place more bang for your buck, the service felt much better! When I called to schedule the appointment same day, I was given fantastic service and explanation about the different options.  At the end of the call, they asked if I required their shuttle service!  I had my car, so no need.  Granted the location was a little harder to get to than Google Maps would indicate, but if you took a taxi, it isn't more than a $10 ride from the strip.  I got the Ultimate Hydrating Treatment.  It was hot June, and it was exactly what I needed.  I got there right on time. The receptionist checked me in and asked me which aromatherapy scent I preferred.  I was shown to the locker room where I changed into my robe, and I sat in the waiting tea room for my therapist.  I barely sat down for 3(ish) minutes (one music video length) before my therapist came to get me.  She explained the process and all the steps.  She let me smell everything before she got started to make sure I was ok with it.  I notoriously have issues with my lower back, and when I get massages on my lower back, I tend to want to scream.  My therapist on her first pass noticed that it was a tender zone, and was able to massage it out- exactly what it needed- tender, but consistent touch! Phenomenal!  I am headed back at the end of November and I will be sure to be back!
5	Decided to check this place out due to other Yelp reviews and am glad I did. First off, the entire staff was extremely nice. The place itself was decorated with classic rock memorabilia which created a fun vibe. When my therapist Ashley walked in it didn't take much to see she too had an upbeat attitude. Within moments of her hands touching my body ooing and ahhing were the only sounds you could hear. She transported me to a place of pure bliss. I will definitely return and recommend Ashley and her employers with confidence.
5	Couples massage after a three day road trip! Best part was that it wasn't your standard ladies massage place, had all this awesome rock music memorabilia ALL over the place! Such a unexpected twist on the decor, totally put my boyfriend's hesitations about getting a massage aside!We went with a couple deep tissue, 50 minute massage, which was excellent after driving for three days to get to Vegas! Having never had a deep tissue before, wasn't sure what to expect, but it was just such a great experience! A $8 cab ride from our hotel on the strip, fantastic interior, and our room was ready quickly after our arrival! Another great perk was that it did NOT cost an arm and a leg for couples massage literally five minutes from the Vegas Strip, can't get much better than that! And afterwards, the girl at the front desk was able to call a cab for us! Such friendly staff, awesome interior, great prices, and close location to our hotel! Definitely will be going back again!
4	This was my first time there, It was an amazing experience totally satisfied with service and hospitality. Totally worth the money.
4	This is a nice place. Fun rock n roll memorabilia is that the core and you can have the water and fruit are you waiting for you Mrs. Be sure to take advantage of the free foot scrub coupons if they still offer it for checking in on you. I recommend it
5	Me and my husband both had an 80 minute couples massage here that was ahh...mazing! My therapist was Kayce and my husband had Gizelle they were both outstanding.We booked our appointment the same day we called and that day I was flying back from a business trip so we ended up at the spa an hour before our actual appointment but they accommodated us no problem. After checking in I was able to take a nice hot shower which is so nice after a 5 hour flight. Before our massages our therapist both did a nice consultation with us and actually listened to our needs, which were many that day lol. After that it was heaven Kayce really worked out the knots in my back and legs and did a wonderful abdomen massage which is hard to find. Gizelle was really great to my husband too as he had an injured shoulder and she was very careful to work around it and she really helped him with the tension in his neck. We left feeling so relaxed and just really good. We already booked an appointment to return and plan to keep returning, this is the perfect place for locals or anyone looking to relax.
5	Come is sore, tired and in need of tlc, spend 80 minutes with Rosie and you leave a new human being!  It's like the reset button was pressed!The only downside to TLV is having to leave.Thanks again to my fabulous massage wonder Rosie and the delightful staff at TLV!See you soon I hope.
5	This is the place to come for massage! Hands down the best massage I've ever had... And I'm a licensed massage therapist myself! Millie was phenomenal! I've been suffering from some back pain the last few weeks and the last massage I had made things worse. An inexperienced newbie to the massage world worked on me last week and really fired up those back muscles! Millie did wonders! She stretched out my glutes and the muscles surrounding my sacrum (using laymen's terms) that have been pulling causing the pain... And voila no more pain! May have to revisit before I make the long drive back to Texas!
5	Today I was on great neck And back pain , I usually get massages every week because of all the stress from my life ! I had the most amazing massage by Millie , she has this energy about here the just radiant , nurturing , healing massage... I booked my next appointment for longer !The receptionist was adorable and friendly !If you need to pamper yourself I suggest you book now!!Complete bliss!!:)Tiffany
4	While visiting Las Vegas for the Home Builders Show last week I found myself walking endlessly for four days. Desperate for some relief I reached out to the bellman at my hotel for a "good" massage spa that wasn't over the top high end (and priced) like you might find in the hotels. No funny business required as I would take a quality massage over the promise of "extra service" any day. After a very short taxi ride from the strip I arrived and found the spa extremely clean with very appealing vegas themed decor and a comfortable waiting area. The young lady at the front desk was very professional and courteous. She introduced me to a masseuse named Maria. Maria was very professional and maintained polite conversation to the level of my comfort. When I talked she responded with interesting conversation. When I was ready to relax she immediately sensed it and the polite and pleasant discussion ceased and the zen entered the room and my body. As an athlete herself, she displayed the abilities of a highly trained professional who knew where to focus and how to work the muscles. I recommend her highly. I left a new man, ready to conquer the long corridors of the casino, the convention center and walk the strip. My only regret us that Maria was not located in CT so I could be a regular.
4	absolutely stellar prenatal massage with Rebecca - she really knows what she's doing, supports everything that needs to be supported. and has great feel for aches and sore spots.  I would recommend her without hesitation.  five stars for the massage. one star for the pedicure - the cosmetologist, although sweet and friendly, was careless and abraded the arch of my right foot with the file to the point it bled.  i am happy with the resolution of the issue with the owners of the spa, however, and would definitely give them another chance... after my foot heals.
5	Awesome! Nice ambiance! Off the strip but less than 5 min cab ride.  Great massage!! A little hard but that's because I'm a wuss. These ladies definitely know their stuff to get you feeling loosey goosey!!I'm a noodle!!
5	Getting a Brazilian wax is not unlike a trip to the dentist. You know you should. You know it might cost a little money, it'll hurt like hell, but afterwards you'll be so clean and happy! I avoid both of these chores. I dread it! But, I got married in Vegas, and if there's ever a time to pay a nice lady to rip all the hair off your whooo ha, it's two days before you get married.So I made a last minute, same-morning appointment. I thought about going to one of the salons in the casinos, but I figured it'd be expensive and honestly, I'd rather avoid the strip. I found Touch of Vegas pretty easily by car, and braced myself as I walked in the door.The girl at the front desk was friendly but professional. She lead me back to a waiting room that had some fruit and water, and then Norma came out to grab me for my wax. Norma is pretty fantastic!She used a numbing spray, and that helped tremendously! She also chatted with me as she worked, we talked about her grand kids, my wedding, all kinds of happy things to help distract me while she cleaned things up. She used both hard & soft wax, she was diligent, thorough, and as quick as she needed to be, overall, I was really impressed!
5	I totally overslept & completely forgot about my appointment! But they have a 3 hour cancellation policy & charged me half when I didn't show. I was bummed because I totally needed my massage. But they made it all better when they called me back to see if I wanted to reschedule my appointment for later that day. I was able to still see my favorite massage therapist, Gizelle, and they just charged me the other half so it all worked out! They are so nice & accommodating & really care about their customers. The 110 minute Pacific Paradise by Gizelle (scrub, shower & massage) was divine!
4	I am a teacher and the bf works in construction so we are always looking for a place to get couples massage and we have found our go to spot. Touch of LV Day Spa was great at making the same day appointment for us. The location is central to town. The staff was professional and genuine. The price for an 80 min Swedish massage was very comparable to other places we have researched. Our therapists asked a few questions beforehand to get a better sense of our needs and that was all the talking they did except to thank us for coming in when the massage was over. That is what we like, no chit chat please. Let us focus on feeling good and unwinding. We are going to try and return every 3 months and if we win the lottery, we will stop by weekly. But until then, thank you to Touch of LV for making the two of us feel energized again!
5	I went to Vegas St.Patrick's Day weekend and wanted to book a facial to refresh my face . I went to my Hotel and some other neighboring Hotels to see what they offered. I was SHOCKED!! to see how over priced they all where and for little time and services. I then hopped on Yelp and found A Touch of Las Vegas Day Spa. I booked an appointment for a refreshing Facial and I was so PLEASED with my Facial and the gal who was my Technician her name is Giselle . The Best facial I've has in a very long time. It's in a strip mall right of the strip but worth it.
4	Super friendly staff and great masseuse! had a pre-natal massage which was really relaxing. Wish it was in a better area though.Overall it was a great experience!
5	Saw Angela. One of best massages I've ever had, and I've seen many masseuses over the years. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.
5	I went there on my birthday and they were great! I got a discount and free foot scrub since it was my birthday. Will definitely go back next time I am in Vegas!
5	I was here on vacation in my family and I've never had a real massage or spa day before. I'm in the Navy in Virginia and I honestly needed something like this. A Touch of Las Vegas was a pleasant surprise. I expected a decent spa day and such, but they were truly on point in every aspect. They picked me up from the Treasure Island hotel with no problems. The moment I stepped in, they offered fruit and water. The setting is smooth, with a hard rock atmosphere of decades past. It's unique for a spa, but it works with a sense of soothingness. I had an 80 minute massage done by Giselle. She made sure to work with whatever pressure I felt was comfortable with and wanted to constantly ensure that everything was to my standard. She had an excellent personality and was easy to talk to. It's easily possible to be nervous or uncertain during your first ever spa visit, but she made the visit feel natural and put me at ease and comfort. The value is fantastic for what you pay for, so these people really do deserve your tips.I don't often go out of my way to write a review on Yelp, but this place really deserved my time. The next time I go on a trip to Vegas, I'll be sure to come here.
5	Very impressed by this establishment. My boyfriend and I got a 60 minute couples massage here and it was excellent! We decided to go on a whim, and they were accommodating to our last minute need. The room and ambiance were very relaxing, with heated beds, low lighting, and soft music. Everything was clean and well kept. We both felt very comfortable with our massage therapists, and they were each extremely accomodating to our individual needs. We felt GREAT after our massages and will definitely go here again next time we are in vegas!
3	This experience was definitely A-OK. Not fantastic, not bad, just fine. I wasn't expecting much since this is not a full-facility spa, so my expectations were not too high. My boyfriend and I got the couples' massage, both of us did deep tissue. The storefront was a little hard to find, which it shouldn't be because it faces the freeway. The little strip mall it is in feels a little dodgy. Definitely not somewhere I would want to be at night by myself. The decor is pretty kitschy in an attempt at old vegas style, but it's nice enough. The girl at the front desk was nice and they had a little waiting room off to the side away from the lobby area. They have some small bottled waters and teas. Points for trying! The massage itself was alright. My masseur had good technique and did a really good job of concentrating on my problem areas, but one issue I had was his hairy arms! I've had male massage therapists and have never noticed this to be a problem. Perhaps the massage lotion (not oil) that they use doesn't soften his hair as much as oil at other spas does or something. I have very soft / smooth Asian skin, and either his arm hair was very stubbly or very coarse, but every time he used his forearms on my back it felt like I was being massaged with sandpaper. Ick! Also, since the couples' massage room is on the street side of the building, we could hear the music coming in from the waiting room pus the sound of cars zooming down the freeway the entire time. When we were finished and I went to put my clothes back on, I discovered a big glob of massage lotion still on my back. I wish this had been wiped off better. The facility does have a shower and towels, but I think this might only be offered to people who get all-day treatments such as a massage, then a facial, then something else, etc. I didn't see any robes, so I'm not really sure how you're supposed to traipse down the hall to the bathroom/shower room anyway. I suppose I could have asked about the shower, but I am meek like that and had already put my clothes back on anyway. But if they aren't going to offer the use of their shower facility, they should do a better job of wiping the massage lotion off. In all, everything was alright. I feel like I could get the same quality of service / lack of amenities for half the price at massage envy, though. I was hoping this would be a step up since they charge more (nice candles, fruit-infused water, etc), but really don't expect anything more than the massage itself.
4	Wanted to get a massage and some pampering while in Vegas last month but refuse to pay the casino spa prices. After reading the great reviews here I made a reservation. The place was small but clean and quiet (around 2pm on a Sunday). Easy to get to by taxi -- about a 15 minute ride.My masseuse did a great job in a 45 minute session. I'd have to say one of the best massages I've ever had. They also had a free foot scrub deal on Yelp I got for checking in. All in all a very pleasant visit and I would recommend.
5	I really enjoyed my mani-pedi at A Touch of Las Vegas Day Spa. Norma took great care of me with pleasant conversation and attention to detail. Their treatment was wonderful and very relaxing. It was nice to get away from the strip for a while to really relax. The atmosphere was very nice and they seemed to treat everyone as an upscale client. When we visit again, I will definitely book a trip to A Touch of Las Vegas.
5	I am not a yelp newbie. Been to hundreds of  places  but too lazy to write anything normally.  Millie seems to change my mind about this. I won't go as far as she cured me (let's fAce it no one can not with this many injuries I had) but she sure did help  me feeling pretty good. Neck pain is gone calves are loose shoulders no longer tight. Very knowledgable. Will definite see her again when I come back to Vegas
2	This was probably one of the most disappointing massages I've had in my life. The location doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is pretty nice. The massage tables are heated and really comfortable. My friend and I made reservations for 50 minute massages, but decided when we got there that we wanted an 80 minute one. The receptionist said that they couldn't accommodate us, which is understandable. But when we were done there was no one waiting to go next and it seemed like more than 2 masseuses were free.I chose the combination of deep tissue and Swedish massage. The masseuse said she would apply the deep tissue massage for the areas that needed it. I specifically mentioned that I had a huge knot in my lower back, yet the therapist spent less than 5 minutes on it initially, and only worked on it after I asked how much time was remaining near the end of the massage. After she started working on it she told me that it was too huge to get out in one session and I should come back in a couple weeks. Yeah not happening... I was only here for the weekend and there's no way I would pay for this overpriced massage again.I checked in for the free foot scrub, but never got it. I guess that takes away from your massage time because she started to do something with my feet before I told her to work on my lower back like I had asked from the start. The massage finished a couple minutes early, and I ended up waiting about 10 minutes for my friend, who started about a minute before me. Not sure if my experience was an anomaly, but I would definitely not recommend this place based off the service I got.
4	I would say my experience was decent. The massage itself was good, the place was well set-up, I am pleased with the fruits offering, its a nice gesture before and after the massage. I was bummed as I walked it expecting it to be full spa with steam room and Jacuzzi, there was a loss of communication along the way. I thought it was a bit overpriced, but it's Vegas, whatever you make in Vegas, you have to spend in Vegas.
5	Second time I have been here to get a wax and each time I have had Norma.  She is such an amazing lady.  Walked me through the process the first time and put all my fears to rest.  You can never really say waxing is that enjoyable but I can honestly say I enjoy my time with Norma!
5	I was in town for the weekend for an event and felt really tense with back pain. I really wanted a massage to help soothe and relax my back pain and sore muscles. It was difficult for me to find a spa I felt would be good. Take note I didn't want to go to the casino spas and pay an extreme price for small pampering. I was also really skeptical due to the fact that I had heard many "happy ending" spas in Las Vegas; I wasn't trying to fall into that exact category. Luckily I found A Touch Of Las Vegas. All the reviews were very positive so I decided to book a session here. When I arrived the receptionist was very nice and pleasant. Right away she walked me into a tea room where there was complimentary fruit, water, and hot tea. The spa is very small compared to other spas I have been to, but you feel very welcomed and comfortable. They have an old vegas type of theme going on which I found very unique for a spa. In a short while my therapist, Brenda, came to the waiting area to pick me up. She was a very petite young lady and I questioned her force since I had booked an 80 minute deep tissue session. I really wanted someone who would be able to work deep into my muscles to relax them and take all the tenseness away and I wasn't sure if she would be able to due to her small size. But thankfully I was wrong! She was a tiny girl but boy was she able to get into all the right areas. She worked on all the areas I had mentioned felt sore and knew exactly where my knots were! She also did some stretches through out the massage which felt fantastic! Definitely planning to come back in on my next trip to vegas.
5	My husband & I have been here a couple times. Has a very Vegas feel to it. Decor & all. The couples massage every time is fantastic!! This time we booked the 80 min combo massage with both Swedish & deep tissue it was amazing!! Great place to go as a couple. Not to manly yet welcoming for all.
5	Came here for a bachelorette party. We were all able to make appointments for massages at the same time. The hot stone massage was amazing! This place does not disappoint and they are very professional.
5	Absolutely five stars!!! My massage therapist, Lindsey (I hope I'm spelling her name right) was awesome! I get massages a few times a month on average, and I'm very picky. I need someone who can really get in there with the deep tissue and she absolutely delivered. Better than most hotel massages I've had.The decor is rad and the customer service is top notch as well, but when it comes to rating a place, as long as it's clean I really only care about the massage itself. Seriously, there's not one suggestion for improvement that I can think of to offer. Wish I lived closer, I'll be back next Vegas trip for sure!!!!
5	Away from the strip and yet convenient and close. The service, from beginning to end, was professional and extremely attentive to my needs.  My therapist, Rebecca,  was intuitive  and methodical and gave me exactly what I needed and wanted. Will definitely go back to this place.
5	First time here, I didn't expect much about this place but as u know when u don't expect u get more. I called for the services at the very last minute. They were able to accommodate me. I got massage from Rosie , she's very nice, very welcoming and plus she's really good. I didn't even have to tell her once about the pressure.everything just went perfect. I just told the front desk how I like my Swedish and I got the Swedish that I like. So I think she's a pro! Ask for Rosie she does ear candling as well.  And I also got a facial done from Liz, this girl I'm highly recommended. Much better that the facial service at the peninsula Beverly Hills. Seriously, this girl followed through all the procedure like what I'm going to get, what's next! Compare to the 2-300$ at the peninsula who didn't even care of telling me what I'm gonna get plus giving me attitude when I feel burn from the peel? This girl deserves to be at a high-end spa. But don't get me wrong this place could totally turn into 5stars if they have full facilities so we look forward to that. Anyway I wasn't feeling well today. Been in and out of the bathroom. But both girl paid close attention to me. They told each other I wasn't feeling well and made sure I was comfortable with everything! How impressive! I will definitely go back or even recommend to friends and family. They have a shower room too. Thank u so much Liz and Rosie . U made me feel good already.
5	Great place. Love the atmosphere.  Rebecca the massage therepist there is AMAZING.  My back was hurting before she worked on me.  Felt so much better after. Definitely check this place out.  I highly recomend Rebecca for a great massage!!! Thanks
5	Uncertain of where to get a legitimate massage, I went with the top suggestion from Yelp.... I had the Best massage of my Life from a gal named Rebecca.Hands down, I will recommend her to everyone I know! .... As long as she gets me in first?! Thank you Rebecca, for the great care and intuition you give. I will definitely be back soon!
5	I have been here many times but had never done a review.  This place deserves one and a good one!  They are affordable and near the strip.  Giselle is the BEST!  She gives the best massage I've had and it seems to get better each time.  If you're in the area and want a world class massage, go see Giselle!
5	I know I keep saying it "best massage in Vegas"!  Rosie once again works her miracle of making sore tight muscles relax with amazing care and attention. Can't say enough good things about TLV, if you come to Vegas and don't get a massage here, you've missed out! Be back soon and can't wait!
4	Couple deep tissue massage with my boyfriend!! Complementary shuttle ride to the place and hotel. Make sure you tip the driver both ways! Our driver was Jenn. She picked us up right on time. This place isn't fancy with all the frills like inside a hotel spa. It has a nice vegas decor. Pictures of Elvis, Barbara Streisand, Beatles, etc. They have complimentary little 8oz bottles of water, tea, coffee, and fruits as snacks at the waiting room. Use the restroom before you get started!  I got Douglas & my bf got Brenda as our massusers. First, the massusers introduce themselves and ask a few questions. They says to undress completely and go under the covers. You will be draped with double aheets throughout the service. The massage beds were heated nice and warm inside a chilled room. I was worried because Douglas had hairy arms (another yelper complained about hairy arms) but it didn't bother me at all. I think Douglas used a unscented lotion. Which was great because I am sensitive to weird smelling lotions. My bf had shea buttter. Douglas started off nice touches and started to hit all my pressure points. He did my shoulder and back really well. Head to toes. No facial (thats separate) I do feel much better. A little sore but a good kind of sore. My bf says it was okay. At the end of our session they waited outside until we got dressed. They were waiting with a cup of water. Then we paid and asked for a receipt. And they don't give out receipt. Oh wells no biggie. Then our shuttle took us back to the hotel. Now I'm soft, smooth, and less sore! Happy!
5	1st time here. Great place, totally worth every penny.  I had a great time, my masseuse was great she hit all the stress spots. I would definitely recommend this place to go to when u want a massage!  Its off the strip but not too far; its in driving distance an cab distance.  Everyone here is so nice & comforting and welcoming!  Definitely coming back!
5	I got on yelp and saw some great reviews for this place so I called. A Touch of Las Vegas Day Spa was able to get me an 80 minute massage within the hour. Impressive!!! They provide a shuttle service from and to many of the casinos which I found out after the fact but it was a short walk for me. The prices at this establishment are drastically better than the casinos. I love the decor on the inside and most importantly it is VERY CLEAN. I received an 80 minute Swedish massage and foot scrub with Brenda. She was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!! The pressure was perfect and she was very thorough, possibly the BEST massage I have ever had. There was a lot of added touches that made the massage great, like heated towels. She didn't talk too much (which I don't like) but it was never once uncomfortably quiet (which I also don't like.) She was extremely professional and obviously experienced in doing massage. I cannot say enough good things. I definitely recommend her to anyone.
4	Awesome place to go for massages. They know what they're doing. Pricing is much more affordable than that of the strip hotel spas. Different vibe than most places I've been too. It's on the casual side, but still relaxing. I'll be sure to come back here when I'm in Vegas.
5	Me and my wife booked a couple massage 24 hours in advance.. we were picked up from our hotel in a nice new SUV... and after a short dribe arrived at a clean peacfull spa... our msssage was very good.. and our therapists brenda and rebeca were very atentive to our needs and went above and beyond to make us feel great!! Will defently go again!
1	Hmmm... this place looks FABULOUS and I can't get anyone to answer a phone or connect to schedule anything.  I'm not sure if you're still open for business?  The phone only disconnects to a fax line.
5	I never had a deep tissue massage until I visited this establishment. I believe my masseuse was named Millie. She was very professional, attentive and friendly. I highly recommend this establishment.
5	I have lived in Vegas 7+ years, play poker professionally and don't get around to writing online reviews often.  I have a crazy amount of options living in this city and am happy to have recently found this gem. Pros : close to strip, easy access/parking, friendly staff, super clean and sanitized. If I had a girlfriend currently I would be more than comfortable bringing her with me for a couples massage. This is not one of those seedy places with flashing neon lights open 24/7. Normal biz hours 930-6. I highly recommend Rosie. I have visited now about a half dozen times and have not tried anyone else yet. $105+ tip for 80min. She works hard, more so than any waitstaff at a restaurant serving you food where it's customary to tip 20%+ on your check.  People don't always know the proper etiquette so I am happy to provide insight.   The 80min is likely going to be one of the highlights of your trip to Vegas you will share with people when you return back to your real world. If you live here like me indulge all you want !Cons : Rosie only works fri-sun
