5	I couldn't decide between 1 star or 5 stars. See, we had been trying to get into Bertie's for a while to try one of their milkshakes, so we waited until we were really hungry. That was a small tactical error.We checked out the cool, vintage outfits and decor for a while (I bought a smokin' "Greg Brady" green and orage shirt!) before rolling up to the soda fountain. I ordered an Elvis Presley Milkshake, which had chocolate, banana, peanut butter, and like 8 other tasty things in it. The wifey went for a red hots + cinnamon beast called the Sophia Loren. We watched, fascinated, as she created these two... beasts.Served up in a traditional milkshake glass, they were backed by the giant metal shake container they were made in. And they were so, so, tasty. We swirled and slurped and sucked them down, only to refill them out of that damned metal shake container. I really don't know how much shake I ate, because things started to get hazy. But it was so damned good I couldn't stop. By the time we staggered out of there our tongues were happy but our stomachs were about to burst. But really that misery was my own doing and my inability to put down the straw, so I can't be mad at Bertie's. Since I'm drooling while I write this just thinking about that milkshake, I'm sure I'll be back.They don't serve much food, but for a tasty treat and some retro shopping, Bertie's is the best.
5	If you crave a good, old-fashioned diner or soda shoppe, Bertie's delivers without going overboard and crossing into "cheesy." In addition to a great selection of vintage clothing, the cookies and cake pops are homemade. Or, if you just want something to nosh on while indulging in your malt shake or classic Sundae, you can grab a bag of popcorn from the vintage kettle popper. For food, you can order a burger from the two hippies burger joint or maybe grab a cup of chili or soup (again, homemade). You can even get a phosphorous or cup of coffee while seated at a perfect, old-fashioned counter or at one of the high tables. And you'll definitely get good service with a smile.
5	Okay so we got the Adam 12 and the Buddy Holly.  The best milkshakes in the history of everdom!  I am very glad that this place is no where near where I live or my daily caloric intake would be deathening.
5	Bertie's is an old school soda fountain that opened up in my neighborhood. My husband and I were craving dessert and had heard good things, so we came on a Sunday night. I had the Adam 12 shake which was chocolate malted ice cream, with toasted marshmallow sauce, sprinkles and whipped cream on top. The portion size was huge, I could only eat half. My husband had the hot fudge brownie sundae, with a nice warm brownie with ice cream on top and a choice of nuts. We sat at the counter and were able to see the owner creating our desserts. There's also some vintage clothing and signs as well. What a cute little shop! I will definitely return.
5	Want to be smacked in the face with 50's nostalgia? Then take a short trip to Berties of Arcadia! It feels like walking into your favorite 50's TV sitcom, which I once thought to be impossible!The pastries sold at Berties are to DIE for. Literally, I could overdose on their Red Velvet cupcakes and cookies. The shop makes everything as if it were made in the 50's. The milkshakes and various creations are tiny preserved pieces of the past that we may all enjoy in 2013. The ladies at Berties are sweet, kind, welcoming and oozing retro coolness! You can tell they love what they do. Overall, Berties is a wonderful gem in Arcadia. From the vintage wall of candy (my nephew's favorite) to the vintage fashion goodies, Berties is definitely a place to discover in Phoenix! It's one of a kind!
5	Whimsical and wonderful, what else can I say? Lately I've been yearning for a glimpse back in time, to an era when life was less complicated, people were polite, and neighbors were friends. Although I don't have a flux capacitor, Bertie's is my Delorean, and Bertie's owner, Trejsi, delivers 100%.  Everything from vintage clothing and accessories to penny candy, ice cream sodas, and baked delights! Although I can't yet vouch for the soda fountain, a little "Bertie" told me they can make cream sodas to order and I CAN'T WAIT to get a hold of one. What I CAN say is that the baked goods and the sugar shack are alone worth the journey down to the newly revamped 40 Palms shopping centre. Bertie's is just one more reason Arcadia is my favorite place to live in Arizona, and I hope Trejsi stays around for a long time to come, so that I can make trips to Bertie's soda fountain a new tradition in my family.
2	Charming spot, friendly staff.  We wanted to love it.  Unfortunately, the shakes and whoopie pies tasted like the fake stuff (flavored syrups and extracts) and not the real stuff (bananas, peanut butter, banana ice cream and peanut butter ice cream etc).Our peanut butter/banana shake had chunks of banana, but all I could taste was the alcoholic flavor of Torani syrups, which line the back wall of the soda fountain.  When the server was making it I saw her put two large pours in the cup (presumably an ounce of each flavor).  The result was a very loose shake with that fake banana flavor like a Now And Later, and no peanut butter flavor.  I expected much more from a $7 shake (flashing on Pulp Fiction's freakout over a $5 shake).  For the best shakes in the 'hood, go to The Stand.The whoopie pies were no better.  The highly recommended banana's foster pie tasted like the fake syrup again.  I tasted a mouthful of sugar and no cakiness.  At 3 for $5, I didn't even take a second bite.
5	Great place the best malts, shakes, phosphates and egg creams in town!!!!
5	Bertie's is the best hangout in town! I come in with friends and by myself all the time. The staff is great! They're super friendly and very helpful. Everything I've had from Bertie's was absolutely amazing! The sundaes, shakes, sodas, desserts... it's all great! Not to mention that the decor is adorable and everything looks super vintage! Take a trip to Bertie's for a fun, delicious treat!
5	This place is amazing! The owner Tracy is cute as a button and so friendly. The malts are delicious and this place is just a blast to hang out & enjoy the oldies music & vintage items for sale.
5	The first time I walked into this magical little shop I was in love! I wandered around bought my candy went home to chew my gum! My TEABERRY! gum! After thinking about how to do the T berry shuffle, I googled it and listen to Herb Alpert and the Tijuana brass play it! This had always been my favorite gum I just hadn't seen it anywhere since the early 60's. I was back the next day you're welcome to the neighborhood with the gift of a vintage book! Now she has killer sandwiches to go along with their very good soup! Tracy makes everything herself, although not the thrifty ice cream, and she is a great cook! I recommend her prickly pear pulled pork sandwich or an endless bowl of beef stew! Followed by any kind of soda fountain dessert you can think of! This is my second home!
4	How did I not know that this place existed?...it is just so cool!  We stumbled across this place when eating lunch at the Two Hippies next door.  We stopped in for a soft pretzel and ice cream...super reasonable, amazingly friendly staff and great atmosphere.  We'll definitely be back for a throwback to the 50's!
5	Great place... lovely ice cream..the owner was very generous with the serving portions and took good care of us..and the best part is the ambience.. very creative.. a must visit.. loved all the stuff u could shop for here ... :)
5	I finally made it there today....twice. The first time I had the BLT on Texas Toast. Let me tell you it was very good. I told myself NO Ice cream and held to it until I got home and mentioned where I had been. Then it was right back there for a double scoop Hot Fudge Sundae. On man it was GREAT.
3	3 people working at the counter and no one to take my order- disapointed with the customer service.
4	I love coming here for their creatively delicious monthly specials. The ice cream is Thrifty brand, which I love...less cream, so it's great when you're adding all kinds of toppings and flavors. It's also the kind that most ice cream shops have been using for decades. And, it's a kid favorite. They have over a dozen flavors, but it's the combinations that really make Bertie's special! Their baked foods are made in-house and there are always whoopie pies on the counter.Love the vintage thrift store in this place and the ambiance of the old movies or music playing next to the counter.
5	wow! Great customer service here, with a friendly staff,  not to mention a wonderful atmosphere.  really authentic and charming,  with great shakes. would absolutely recommend!
2	Waited 30 minutes and no one even got my order (even w/ 3 people working). No one  even offered me a menu. I never walk out of a restaurant, but this is the 3rd time going in with terrible customer service.
5	We stopped in to check out this adorable little place. We got the Elvis and Breakfast at Tiffanies malts. Whoa yum! So fun to sit next to my honey and feel like we stepped back in time a bit. Everyone was chatty and there were regulars hanging out. What a nice little place.
5	This place is super cute and super cool. The ice cream is delicious. Has a total Sandlot feel. Can't beat that.
5	We stopped in to check out this adorable little place. We got the Elvis and Breakfast at Tiffanies malts. Whoa yum! So fun to sit next to my honey and feel like we stepped back in time a bit. Everyone was chatty and there were regulars hanging out. What a nice little place.
1	If I could give them a zero, I would.  2 people working & 4 customers who were all together waiting on a to go order. Neither employee greeted me or asked if I needed anthing even though I was sitting at the soda counter with a menu in my hand. Waited for over 5 minutes before I got up and left.
5	My family and I stopped in yesterday for the first time to get some milkshakes and we fell in love with this cute little place. The serve was amazing and everyone was very friendly. It was a Thursday night and they had live music playing for throw back Thursday and the music was awesome. My husband and I got milkshakes and my 2 kids got kiddie sundaes. So happy we found such a great place to get ice cream now instead of going to Dairy Queen. Will recommend Berties to anyone! Loved it and had such a great experience. Thanks!!!
5	Amazing service. Simply amazing. A cute little place with a retro vibe. Games are provided to play before or during your stay, and there's also a nice candy shop included. We got a two scoop sundae with hot fudge. They use Thriftys ice cream here, which is always good. The sundae was huge and the best sundae I've ever had (I've had a LOT). The fudge was the most rich and thick fudge I've had, great in comparison with runny cheap tasting fudge you usually get at soda shops. Love it!
4	The family and I checked this place out for breakfast this morning. Apparently breakfast is a new offering so I'm guessing there's some kinks to be ironed out (ie the printing of menus). Regardless the food was good enough to get us to want to come back. But what's more enticing is their shake and malt menu inspired by the stars of the 50's and 60's. I had to restrain myself from ordering ice cream at 10am. As for the customer service, it was a little to get going as there was no one to actually greet you when you walked in. BUT once we were acknowledged (say 30 seconds after arrival) the service was great. They brought us water, took our order, got us coffee and even entertained my munchkin with a play shopping cart with groceries all extremely timely!  The owner's personality is friendly and welcoming and you can tell she takes pride in her shop. It also felt like the wait time for food was short or perhaps it was because we spent our waiting time playing checkers and walking around the adorable vintage shop and nostalgic candy shoppe included. Overall this was a great experience and we will definitely be back. Must try the milkshakes. We are already penciling in our next stop to Bertie's of Arcadia!!
5	Great atmosphere!  Wonderful selection of desserts...delicious malts.  Good sandwich choices.  Terrific wait staff. Can't wait to go back.
1	The clothing and atmosphere aren't the only things from the 1950's! There is a Distinctly Racist Vibe here, so unfortunate. I'm noticing more and more on my visits that Arizona has been becoming a haven for bigots! Several people working here and one man literally sat down where his eyes could follow me everywhere as I browsed. As other paler customers came in the "friendly" customer service was apparent. If you don't support this type of attitude please don't support this place.
1	If I  could give negative stars I definitely would. I was ignored when I first walked in the welcome or anything then as I sat to order my food I realize there was a roach crawling on the counter. I immediately left because that is just disgusting. When I got down from the bar I realize yet another bug on the floor. As in most of the reviews below, staff has no customer service. I'm surprised this business is still running. Health department needs to be called.
4	Did I just step into an episode of Mad Men?  My friend was searching for dessert places and found this hidden gem.I had a hard time looking for the place. It's hard to spot if you are coming from the 44th street.  Located just in in the corner of a strip mall closer to the 40th street end.So many cool vintage things from jewelry, clothing, telephone, and even airplane seats!  Beside the vintage items, the main attraction is the soda fountain in the back of the store. They do have few tables inside and outside. Creative menu named after 50's & 60's TV shows and stars.  I had the Breakfast At Tiffany's shake. If you love espresso and ice cream, this is the shake for you. I can taste strong flavor of espresso and scoop of cold ice cream, so GOOD!  There was even an extra one on the side.  I do wish they offer lactose free options.   They have fun special events every month, such as pajama night and family night.  It is a great chill-out place after dinner.
3	A for effort! Received an advertisement saying they were now open for breakfast on the weekends. The restaurant is hidden in the plaza but plenty of parking once located. It was empty on a Sunday morning at 10am. Which in my opinion ... SCARY ... to try when you are hungry. However, walked in and less than 10 people in there and greeted quickly. Picked a table and started reviewing the menu. Simple inexpensive menu. $5.50 for two eggs, choice of meat, hash browns, and toast. {thought I was at Denny's for a minute} Also, ordered side of buttermilk pancakes. {$4.00} Asked for a side of PB and it came warm & creamy. {awesome}Food quality = decent, I would come backService = Friendly Cleanliness = They need to change their table cloths Kitchen = Food was delivered quickly
5	Do you want a secret ???  Bertie's Vintage Cafe is open and has found a niche in Phoenix. She has great food, ice cream, milk shakes, plus you can view and shop for oldies, I.e. used quality clothes, cards, and other items too numerous to mention. Fun Stuff.
