4	Call the same day, and they'll get your dog in. I'm always last minute and they always accomidate me. Very very good at grooming! Never misses areas, always even cuts, and my 3 dogs are fine with coming here.. definately recommend.
5	I love this place!!  My dog had a very bad experience at Petco.  I wasn't  sure how she would do.  They gave her "Armsful of love"  I will never take her anywhere else. I referred two more people, just today!
1	They should rename themselves "Butchers" when I came to pick my dog up both her paws were bleeding all over the place. When I looked at them her nails were cut so short they were half gone and bleeding everywhere. Her other paw looked as tho it had been stabbed. When I asked what happened they said "We have been getting complaints about the dogs nails not being cut short enough" REALLY so you now cut them in half?!? My dog was wincing in pain and couldn't put her foot down to walk. When I asked to speak to the owner or the person who did this. A man walked out from the back and aggressively said "What going on?" I asked what happened and he said "I cut the nail too short" and "I don't know what happened to the other paw?" I mentioned there was a clot over the bleeding paw and then they tried to blame it on me saying "I picked a scab" By the way she didn't have a scab on her foot, but I think that's obvious. I literally can not believe not one person could say sorry. But then again that would be admitting guilt wouldn't it. I did take pictures of her paws and nails. One is my profile picture. I understand accidents happen and sometimes nails get cut too short. But this was no accident, and someone needs to be aware of what's happening here.
5	Zenna is the best, we were told by a mobile groomer our dog bites and was unruly , however Zenna treated him with kindness and  he was in and out in 30 minutes.  No biting.. We are very happy.
5	We've been taking our cat to Cindy for lion shaves for years, and couldn't be happier! She's very respectful of my cat's skittish nature and books them early in the morning or late in the day to avoid the doggy crowd. My long hair is extremely difficult (she got kicked out of PetSmart grooming years ago) and have been going to Cindy ever since. We've since moved several miles away and have tried several other groomers (including mobile) only to have her come back bloodied and butchered. Even though it's stressful to drive the distance, I think my kitty would agree it's worth not coming home with bloody ears and missing whiskers!
