5	My fiance has been raving about these tacos, so this past weekend they were at the Scottsdale pavilions and so I had to go try them! at first I thought it was strange that it had a Japanese flair on their truck and had Japanese drinks as well. My fiance ordered three different tacos (for him self) and since I'm a fan of chicken I got the chicken. they were AMAZING!!!!! my chicken ones were so awesome I wish I would have gotten more, I had a try of the others which were pork and beef and they were equally amazing. Even tho it is different they are awesome!!! next time we know where they are we are sooooo going back, Id highly recommend finding them and getting yummy good awesome food!!
5	I was thrilled to discover this food truck in the Phoenix Metro Area... at a point when almost all hope was lost! I have never forgotten the first time I tried an Asian/Mexican fusion taco off of a food truck in Austin, Texas, and have been searching in Phoenix ever since. Mind you, this is Japanese/Mexican fusion, not Korean, but the idea is the same: delicious combinations of Asian-spiced meats and pickled vegetables transformed into an amazing street taco.My buddy and I each had a three-taco sampler (one of each: chicken, pork, and beef) for $10 along with some tasty craft brew at Sleepy Dog Brewery. Sleepy Dog is a great place to sample food trucks ever since they teamed up with the Phoenix Food Truck Coalition. Shinobu Diego also features some great packaged Japanese treats like biscuit/cookies that you dip in molten Nutella. For $2, it's a perfect dessert.I will continue to look for this food truck when in my neck of the woods. The combination of delicious Japanese spices packed into tiny corn tortillas is my idea of heaven.
5	I tried this when they had the food truck event in The Whole Foods parking lot last Thursday- so good!! I believe they have these events on the 3rd Thursday of every month- I will be going back for sure. I had the 3 tacos combo- it was excellent. I first had an asian-mexican fusion taco at a famous food truck in Austin, Texas- and Shinobu was just as good! Go try this place out, you won't be disappointed!
5	When I first started my Food Truck venture back in January, I tended to look for trucks that the one-of-a-kind flare.  Luckily, for me, I found it when I discovered Shinobu Diego's Tacos y Burritos.  These tacos are quite frankly the best infused street tacos I've ever had in Phoenix.I came across Shinobu Diego's in front of the Phoenix Ale Brewery a almost a month after Mark and his mother, Mary, opened up.  I stepped out of the car and, instantly, I was hit with a vass aroma of Japanese flavors.  Everything is made fresh-to-order, his sauces are all homemade, and the meats are bursting with so much flavor, it is like a Tsunami after the first bite.After my first outing, I was definitely hooked.  These tacos are so legit and delicious, that when they used to be at the brewery on Tuesdays, I would drive from Queen Creek all the way 40th St. and Washington... just to get these tacos.  Mark really knows what he's doing when he steps in the truck.  And Mary is such a sweetheart.Mark recently relocated to Los Angeles and his truck has been out of commission because he needed the means to keep it going.  I talked with Mark a while ago and he says that he is eager to get Shinobu's back up and running and hopefully within a year.  He has amazing tacos, a growing fan base and with everyone loving the asian fusion phenomenon, he is going to be very successful, especially out on the streets of L.A.I'm looking forward to the day that the "Flavor Tsunami" hits the streets again...
