4	Just opened up at the Chandler mall, you'll find this sports bar at the food court entrance.The menu is written in car jargon and difficult to understand,  but our server was polite and helped explain the different items. Food and drinks were over priced. The happy hour specials are closer to normal prices.Seating was...interesting. The dining area is mostly outside and set up like a bar rather than a restaurant. There is also a 'lounge' area with cushioned benches and coffee tables. At the dining tables, you get either a bench seat, stool, or horribly uncomfortable chair. I had to swap out my chair for a stool shortly after being seated, and I noticed another lady also opting for a different seat.I have to say, after seeing the high prices I was prepared to dislike this place, but we really got our value for the food we ordered. Three of us shared a full order of nachos with chicken, and it was super huge and we all loved it. Just for the nachos, I would come here again. Seriously, this thing was served on a baker's 1/4 sheet and was 8" high!!Service was a mixed experience but mostly good. At one point I went inside for something I needed. I surely had an I-need-help look on my face but thought there were employees everywhere,  they were so focused on watching the game on TV I had trouble getting someone's attention. In a few minutes I got sorted out and went back to the mountain of nachos at my table.Overall a good experience.
5	Over the top great service!  We received excellent service while eating dinner here on a Monday night.  The food was great and the drinks were outstanding.  The serviceIt is nice to eat a restaurant and have a server who knows about the menu and what it tastes like.  We got great info when placing our drink order and then our food order.  We never waited a minute if we needed something.  The chips and salsa were replaced when they got low.    The atmosphere We ate outside under the large mall entry way covering.  It was comfortable and was good for people watching in the background.  I did mention we ate here on a Monday night and the large screen television allowed us to watch some of the game(even though we both didn't like the teams playing LOL)  The foodI went with a 3 taco plate and tried 3 different tacos.  It was served with beans and rice.  All three were good and my favorite was the diablo shrimp taco.  My wife had the grilled chicken enchilada flat.  We both thought the food was very great.  I was just able to "just' finish everything on my plate and my wife wasn't.  We both left full!  OverallHaving been to the Tucson locations this new one in Chandler is on par with the others.  I had a great tasting margarita and enjoyed the chips and salsa while waiting for our food.  When the food arrived it tasted great.  The automotive garage theme they have going on works.  Outside dining and the ability to watch the game worked.  With the amount of quality food and drink we got the price worked.  If you find yourself wanting Mexican food while at the mall give it a try.  It will not be the typical mall fast food and the quality here will be much better!
4	I know this spot is cursed, due to many restaurants closing at this spot. However, this place seems like the new touch of tuscon desert needs and fills a valid role in Chandler fashion square. To be honest I was not willing to go at first and got dragged here by my significant other. The explain the service I doubt I could do it justice. They were willing to let us sample all their flavors from cheese to several of the beets before deciding. They were very attentive and caring for a chain restaurant. I understand this is the fifth in the chain. The food was great. Actually the portions were larger than expected and the flavor was not skipped. I have tried at least three of the tacos. Not to mention diet friendly for my vegan and gluten free friends. Just wow. I don't normally dish out a four star rating a first time but this place really has it. Even the rice is good. Something most places overlook. It's blooming with cilantro and flavor.
4	Yes  this  was  our  second  time  here  and   both  time  we  sat  at  the  bar.  Tonight  we  had  the  best service  ever, i don't  rember  her  name  but  me  an  my  husband  call  her  lashes, she  was  amazing,  made great  drinks  an  food  recommendations. We  will  be  back  just  to  see  her  and try  more  awesome  food.
5	Seriously this place is amazing! This is exactly how food should be made. The nachos with pork and prickly pear sauce are incredible.
3	The atmosphere is great! The bartender was nice. The food was not too good. We just got nachos. The main ingrediant for nachos is cheese and it was horrible. It seemed like cheese whiz, yuk. It is very pricey, which we are ok with but not for cheese whiz. We ate at the bar and I did tell bartender i wash't happy with it. I complimented the shredded beef and guac. She didn't even offer to take a few dollars off b/c we weren't happy with the food. We love outside bars so much!! but sadly we probably won't go back. Just not good customer service. If I am paying 14.00 for nachos and don't like it and they don't care....equates to not going back.
1	My friends wanted to try this place for the first time on his birthday and it ended up being a horrible experience. After two drinks they cut everyone off! So we decided to leave of course and the staff over heard where we were going and called that bar to tell them not to serve us! Unbelievable! We did nothing wrong, were very calm and polite and I can tell you, no one was near drunk off of two drinks! We will never go there again.
3	Loved the idea of a garage restaurant.  We stopped in for lunch after shopping for hours. We got the T bucket sampler: it did come in a bucket, but everything in it was fried-which made it all taste the same.  Watching other things come out of the kitchen-their portions are large.  We Really loved the chips and salsa, but not sure if that's enough to come back for.
3	We decided to try our Sir Veza's while taking a break from Christmas shopping. We heard about it about 2 months ago when we were in Tucson on a weekend get away. While there we ate at place called El Charro and the owner told us he was opening a new restaurant near us.The restaurant was auto garage themed but I think the restaurant  is suffering from an identity crisis because the building mentioned nothing about being a taco garage, only yelp totally us that.Service was good, but they served Pepsi products (not a Pepsi fan). Second the food was so so. The chips and salsa were great, but our appetizer was a big bucket of oily fried foods. Enough so, that had we finished all of it, we probably wouldn't have felt great. The portions on items that went by our table were huge, maybe too big. All and all, I've say it was average, not horrible, not great, just average.
4	My second time here and the food is very consistent. .the prices are great the service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly. .must stop in
4	Cool place to hang out at the mall. We will definitely be back to watch games and hang at the bar. The garage theme is cool, and it'll be great to hang out on the patio in the spring.  The shrimp tacos and carne asada tacos were excellent. portions are big, not those little sample size tacos. Try it out if you are at the mall or looking for a good place to day drink or go for happy hour!
4	Good food and service! Worth trying. Looking forward to warmer weather to enjoy the patio.
4	Very, very good. As soon as I saw this popping up in the mall I was interested. I just visited for the first time and was a worthwhile experience. They have a variety of nice beers available, and the happy hour(s) are generous. I do particularly like the open air bar setup they've got going on, especially since they've  kept it very clean. Fast and friendly service. Definitely get the SirVeza fries. They are incredible.
3	I have been to Sir Veza's two times now and I am only mildly impressed. The service has been pretty good but the food is just okay. My fiance has really enjoyed the burger's here but I have not liked either of the items I have tried. On our first visit I tried the Johnny Las Vegas roll which is kind of like a sushi style roll but it's not seafood. Instead it is a mixture of chicken, cream cheese, jalapeno, chipolte sauce and maybe a couple of other items thrown in all wrapped up in a chimichanga type of wrap. I did not care for this at all. It kind of tasted like chicken salad to me which I cannot stand. If you like chicken salad, you might like this, if you hate mushy texture, you will hate it.I did also try the La Bomba soft pretzel with strips of poblano peppers and swiss cheese and served with nacho cheese dipping sauce and mustard, I did like this a lot. On our second visit which was on New Years day I tried the Sonoran Dog. I did not care for this either. For me the hot dog itself was way too salty. The beer battered fries are however delicious. On New Years day they also had a DJ at 7:30pm who was just bumping beats the entire time we were there. It seemed like he was trying to turn the place into a night club. The music selection was terrible, with rap songs melding into country. It was extremely off putting. My fiance and I could not carry a conversation because of the mini night club situation. The DJ was the only one dancing and was clearly enjoying himself very much.If it were up to me I probably would not come back. My fiance does love the burger here so we will probably give it another shot. If we do come back I will try the tacos on the next visit. We will also probably come early in the day on a weekday. I'm not up for the rap/country/pop mash up night club.
3	The food was mediocre. The carne asada was too thick and maybe should be changed to steak on the menu. The steak was tough and without flavor. The salsa was blah and tasted like tomato sauce. The Las Vegas roll was good but needed a spice element because by itself it was bland as well.
4	This restaurant is the best "garage" ever!  Most of the staff is incredibly friendly and welcome you as you walk past. Decor is all moto... Shop rags for napkins, wheels for the base to booths, drop-light lighting, wrench chandelier, truck and motorcycle parts on the walls & ceilings, side mirror collage over sink basin, and the list goes on.  So very creative.    Big screen TVs everywhere for the sports fans.   The food is a mixed lot.  First visit we ordered nachos... Thankfully only one order as they serve a HUGE amount.  (Seriously 1/4 sheet cake piled high). We chose the pork with prickly pear salsa and the meat was melt in your mouth perfection.   Second visit I had the best hamburger that I've eaten in years.   No bun, but they do offer Gluten Free buns. Woohoo! Drag strip chicken was pretty good, dredged in corn flour, no wheat!!  Hubby had chimi, again like the nachos, the portion is HUGE.  ( good for a big dude )The fries were undercooked and a little cold, but have potential.   They were out of their "special" (cannot remember what it was that day).  Good thing they have plenty to choose from.   And GLUTEN FREE options.  Which is good for those of is with intolerance or mild allergies.   I hope they are successful and stay!!!
