4	You REALLY can't judge a book by its cover here! On the seedier side of Clark, with a grungy exterior, grungy narrow staircase, grungier looking washroom door on the first landing, you'll find yourself wondering if this is really a good idea? Don't be put off! Here is where you'll find some of the best Chinese food off the  beaten path of tourist infested Chinatown.Tom yum soup was delicious and spicy, the hot & sour was just as good.The fish in orange sauce was super,as was the fish in garlic sauce, though there was no perceptible garlic flavour, the lemon chicken was great, spiced eggplant came to the table whole, and was excellent. The sesame beef was good, but not as good as the fish and chicken dishes, which included the kang pau & chicken with cashews. The lamb with shallots was stringy and fatty, the spiced green beans I found to be better elsewhere. Overall though we (a group of 16) were very pleasantly rewarded and happy to discover this previously secret little gem.
5	Owners are super super friendly and welcoming.  This is why I'm giving this 5-stars.  If you're looking for ultra-authentic Chinese food, well... you shouldn't be in Montreal :D Food itself is between 3-4 stars (my reference point: I grew up in Vancouver, Honger-central).At dinner, the owner and a friend were dining at a table beside our group of 16 and they had brought most of their own food to eat in Tupperware and had it re-heated by the kitchen.  We were kinda curious at what stuff they had so they they kept giving us samples of their food to try and explaining what it was.  The last stragglers who were chatting with them and sampling their home-cooking also got a round of St-Ambroise apricot beers on the house.  This has never happened in all my years of eating in Chinese restos.So, super nice owners, in a quiet restaurant tucked away on Clark, just north outside of Chinatown.
4	I won't beat around the bush here, NiuKee is a hole in the wall. Down a darkened side street with an abandoned lot on one side and something forgettable on the other side, the customer entrance looks more like a service entrance.  Proceed up the decrepit looking stairs and on the second floor amongst the yellowing Chinese kitsch used as decor is the dining area.  Crowded with assorted tables and chairs that saw better days a decade ago take a seat and grab a menu. Be sure to glance at the aging dumbwaiter which just seems so out of place to me, but undeniably useful.If you've made it this far(into my review and the restaurant), it's fair to conclude the NiuKee isn't about the decor.  You're here for the food and NiuKee serves up some of the most authentic Mainland Chinese food you'll be able to find in Montreal.  The first thing to note is that they do serve cold beer, which is always welcome. I'd recommend eating with friends on a Friday or Saturday night before heading to a more serious watering hole.The food is exactly as you would find if you were in a similar establishment in China.  The spicy chicken is actually spicy and has bones, they serve classics like julienned potatoes with peppers, spicy green beans with pork, and the always popular cucumbers and garlic appetizer.  Having soup with dinner is the norm in China and here at NiuKee we usually choose the fish with pickled vegetables since the broth makes a delicious soup.Not fine dining, but good food at decent prices and very authentically Chinese.  It's probably worth bringing a Chinese friend with you if you aren't familiar with real Chinese food. Though, if you are feeling adventurous, go without and play food roulette, because remember they have beer and everything is better with beer.
5	Don't be turned away because it looks like a hole in the wall. Walk up the stairs - the kitchen is on the first floor to your right - and you are greeted by the friendly owner in a small restaurant. My wife and I ordered the tofu dishes with extra spice and we got what we asked. Almost too hot but after 15 minutes I realized half the heat was from the temperature. Everything cooked to order and served immediately. Our friend ordered lemon chicken and he said it was the best he ever had and was still talking about it the next day. Great food full of flavour.
5	It looks unimpressive from the outside but this is the beat Chinese food I have ever had in Montreal! I tried the mango chicken, general Tao chicken, don-don noodles, sweet and sour soup, and the spicy sour potatoes. All excellent. Friendly service too!
4	Now, I'll be honest, this restaurant is absolutely not what one would expect aesthetically from a restaurant of this calibre; it's a second-story, hole in the wall located on a derelict side street. In fact, this is exactly the type of place that one might see on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. That is, NiuKee leaves much to be desired on the outside, but more than makes up for it with the calibre of its service and the authenticity of its food. I came here after reading some glowing Yelp reviews and was not at all disappointed! The food was authentic, savoury, and fresh. Not to mention the HUGE portion sizes!Try the hot and spicy peanut chicken - you won't be disappointed!
