5	You may remember this place as the "Wonder Bar". Some as the Cigar Bar. Built back during the time of Al Capone, this place is classic. Great place to have a drink or good food. The staff is always the best. Super friendly and they work hard to take care of their patrons. I love the deck outside in the summer. Anytime, its a great place to relax with friends!
4	Hello world. I just got back from this place on a fine Thursday night. I love any bar at which the bartenders are attentive yet they give the room for the patrons to just chill out on their own and never be pesty. The Bar Next Door is a perfect hang out spot for a relaxing evening with friends. One funny thing is that there is no light switch for the bathroom (at least for the lady's room). The light is supposedly controlled behind the bar counter, so until it's turned on by a bar tender, the bathroom is dark. Yeah, I went there - I was doing my business in the dark, sort of desperately looking for the switch!! Oh well, that was kinda funny. But my point is that this place is great. Unpretentious, just a friendly bar you can go anytime you want. And, yes, when the weather is ver fine like tonight, the sitting outside is a great option.
5	http://www.google.com/search?q=luedtke%27s+wonder+bar&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-aDisclaimer: we only had drinks here because of time constraints, so my note will be limited to that.  Great professional martinis with the proper amount of vermouth and chilled just right.  And the prior remarks about service and attitude are right on.  Ours could not have been a more pleasant experience.  Next time I'm going for the food!!Note: the neon sign says "Luedtke's Wonder Bar" so it seems to have been renamed.
4	As some have figured out - the Bar Next Door is no more. The place has been changed (back) to the "Wonder Bar" and is once again a Steak Restaurant and less of a neighborhood tavern. I'm giving it 4 stars because Mike still works here and he is awesome - so it must be worth at least 4 . . . but in all honesty - I haven't dined here yet because its a bit pricey and I can't afford it. I just wanted to let everyone know this place has changed names and style.
