3	East Coast is the government run train service which runs from Londons Kings Cross to Inverness, although sometimes it terminates at Aberdeen or Edinburgh.I use the East Coast train service to travel between London and Edinburgh, I flirted with flying between the two, but I worked out that it is cheaper for me when I have an 16-25 national rail card and there really isn't all that much difference in time when you take into account security checks, getting to the airport and waiting for luggage etc.If you do make the journey by train, make sure you book well in advance, because the prices can be pretty painful when you book on the day or even one or two days before. Whatever you do, make sure you do not pay on the train as this can cost over a hundred pounds!All East Coast trains have a free wi-fi service which is really cool and really does make the train journey go that little bit faster. There is also a trolley service that comes around, but it does not provide good value for money, so make sure that you stock up on food before you get on the train.
2	How odd. Either I did something wrong, or things have changed since the previous yelper wrote about East Coast trains. While they do offer free wi-fi, it's only available for fifteen minutes before you're cut off and have to pay for continued service. Lamez0rz.At any rate... my trip between Edinburgh and London was effectively on the party train! It seemed like everyone else in my coach car had brought on board bountiful bottles of booze, and you could hear it for the entire trip...In fact, not only did the girls in the seats in front of me have cider and chianti, they'd brought fun penis straws to drink out of, too. Unfortunately, I ascertained that they had -neglected- to bring their tickets, based on a huffy, loud, and lengthy conversation with the train conductor. Needless to say, the less-than-lovely ladies were punted at the next station. Toodles!On an up note, I did make it in one piece from Point A to Point B. And that's what transportation is for, right?
4	Always book a seat...First for standard in advance...The best to London...
5	Edinburgh to Pitlochry, first class complimentary coffee, meal of Macaroni cheese and greens, complimented with a glass of Melbec red wine, and some more nibbles then more coffee and G&T. Surely too much to scoff in one journey perhaps I will savour some till later!Better trip than two years ago during very hot summer day air con wasn't working then!
4	A 3 and a half hour jaunt to York, via Edinburgh and Newcastle, went by quite pleasantly. We'd reserved a table seat, which was full by Waverly, and lacking a bit in leg room, but with super comfy seats. Temperature was comfortable all through the trip, despite dropping from 8 degrees in the North to a frosty 2 as we crossed the border. We brought our own snacks, so didn't require anything from the on board service, which started at Newcastle.
