4	This Chipotle just opened in February 2014 and is a nice addition to the new developments in the East Liberty neighborhood. Burritos and Tacos. Does one need to say more? The menu is simple - tasty lime or brown rice, beans, freshly grilled meat (chicken, steak, barbacoa, carnitas), mild/medium/hot salsa, sour cream and cheese, lettuce, and guacamole. My burrito was great and actually better (not overloaded, right size) than in other Pittsburgh Chipotle locations.If you decide to eat in you'll find yourself on long tables (perfect for groups) or elevated bar tables and chairs. Nice but simple interior, with lots of natural light coming in. I like this store and will be back!
4	I was excited to visit this location on its opening day! There are a decent amount of tables inside and a lot of bar seating as well. The interior was spotless and the staff was incredibly friendly.I ordered my usual bowl to go, and everything appeared to be fresh and clean in the serving area as well. Portions seemed a little scant compared to the Baum Blvd location, but I certainly don't need a super-sized bowl, so I didn't mind.For their first day, the staff seemed quick and efficient, and really welcoming as well. I look forward to walking quite often. The only downside is the parking situation. This parking lot was a mess before Chipotle. Now it will be much worse. Park as close to Dinette as possible and away from the wine store, unless you park in the excess parking area near MCN Salon. People coming up the ramp from Whole Foods whip around so fast that it's almost impossible to see clearly when trying to back out of a spot near the wine store. Otherwise, love this Chipotle!
5	Yes, its a non-local fast food chain. I don't care. It serves a purpose and it does a great job at it. Up until this opened, the only place to grab food in under 30 minutes in the neighborhood was McDonalds or Pizza Sola.Chipotle, you're barely able to be called Mexican, but I still love you.
3	I'm sorry, but I think Chipotle is vastly overrated. I know I may be in the minority here,but I simply think their food is average. The burritos are good, but not worth the price- and it still irks me to the core that getting guac on your dish costs so much extra. Yes, I'll continue to stop by there once in a while- but I don't know what all of the fuss is about.
5	I wish this new location had opened while I was still living in Shadyside! Darn it! Its so close to my old residence that I would've been eating there at least three days a week! Oh well! At least it's close to work! Chipotle has an app you can use to order your food and I tried it out for the first time! It's pretty easy to use and almost everything  on Chipotles menu is on there (I didn't see corn though). The app gives you the option to pay for your food with a credit/debit card or pay when you pick up. You can also choose the time you plan to pick up your food. When I arrived I had no issues walking up to the cash register and requesting my pre-ordered meal. Then again, there were not a lot of people in line to begin with but it was still crowded in the dining area. Chipotle is one of my favorite places but I've never liked going to the Baum location due to the lack of parking and the traffic. I'm glad this new location is open and with the Chipotle app it makes ordering more convenient! Yay!
4	So glad this location opened. The Baum one is always packed to the gills and service has gone waaaay down. This location is having expected we just opened issues- ie they will ask you 4 times at the register if you want a drink and there may not be any chicken when you go but everyone is nice and they pulled a few of my favorite employees from Baum to this one so that's cool. I should add any time there is a meat that is freshly cooked I wait for it if I have time. It's always extra delicious. Bummed they only have the uncomfortable tables and no booths but you can't win them all.
2	Yeah, the lowly black bean, high in fiber, tasty, and, it doesn't cause as much digestive discomfort as some beans. But, I don't understand the extreme fascination people have with Chipotle. It's a burrito, and not a very good one at that. What made my burrito good was the half bottle of hot sauce I shook on it. The Chipotle idea is great, make your burrito as healthy or unhealthy as you want. I had brown rice, beans, and veggies on a whole wheat wrap. I mean it was okay, nothing I couldn't do at home. and with a drink almost 9 bucks. I can make a dozen at home for that price, rice is cheap, a pepper, some onions, a can of black beans, and who doesn't have a bottle or two of hot sauce in their fridge? I'm not a huge fan, but I don't hate it.
2	I love Chipotle, but I do not love this location. The service is the worst of any location I've ever been to. Each time I've been here, I've waited in line more than 15 minutes, regardless of how many people are in front of me. They skimp pretty badly on all of ingredients so that you constantly have to ask for more than a tablespoon of something. Such a letdown because we need a good lunch option in Shadyside, but I would stick to the Baum location from now on.
5	I am glad this is here and it's very closed to me I am like five mins away. They have great food at great prices. I love the chicken burritos and root beer for my drink. This is a great addition for the African American community of east liberty. Also needs more people from this area to work here. Long live east liberty!!!
4	I'm a serious Chipotle-lover. I don't know what it is about their burritos and bowls (relatively simple items), but it's addicting. This new location is no exception. They have been very fast and pleasant in my experiences so far. It's about a mile closer to than the Baum location which I previously frequented, so that's also a plus.
1	Ahh I really hate to do this but I don't, I have eaten at chipotle since 2007. I ordered a salad here, and the chefs and staff are getting this business model from food prep to cooking all wrong.Resulting in some huge insults to my taste buds. I ordered a salad here with carnitas last Friday. The server girl notices the lettuce in container is lacking she scoops a sparse handful, then yells for more lettuce. I think great she's putting more in, my salad bowl wasn't even bedded with lettuce, nope nothing. I know I should've said something here but I'm way too tired to care so I don't, next comes a huge scoop of pork carnitas cool I'm down with that. Then my guacamole which actually  somehow more guacamole ends up in my bowl then lettuce. I don't figure this out till later.The result once I blend my salad with fork is a ooey gooey non crispy mess. I take a bite....Whoa chef were you salting the carnitas for a Mayflower voyage? Because all I tastE is salt city. Ok someone's over salting the pork, as I move on I find someone's over salting the guacamole too and alas that's the main flavor of my dish.Then ewww the texture... Is more soupy then salad. Just all wrong guys so wrong.I want to come back here but if I do I'll be that annoying bossy person when I order because if these folks can't make a salad it's likely a burrito will short circuit some brainwaves.
1	If this place wasn't in the perfect location it would have already gone under. It's Chipotle, yes, but of the three in the area (the others are on Baum Blvd and Forbes Avenue in Oakland) this one is the worst. You could go to a nice restaurant and finish your meal by the time you are served at this Chipotle. No one is sitting in the restaurant eating other than employees who are on break because it takes so long to serve each customer.
3	I've always preferred Qdoba myself, but Chipotle food is pretty good. This location is always PACKED it seems, like literally lines all the way to the door whenever I've visited. But service is relatively quick and the quality has always been good. I do think the prices are on the high side considering your food doesn't come with a side or a drink.I'm disappointed though as on my last trip I needed to change my daughter, went into the restroom to find there is no changing table inside. They have a kids' menu, they have highchairs, but no changing table? I don't get that.
3	This chipotle is brutal when there are more than 5 people in line. The workers need to be retrained to move a little more quickly. Also, way too often the chicken is overlooked and you end up getting black crunchy pieces in your dish. This is very unpleasant and tastes horrible. The people are very nice and overall the food is delicious but a lack of training is evident.
2	There's a pretty large parking lot at this location so you'll always fine a place to park. However, this place is always packed and understaffed. The line is always backed up because service is so slow! Be prepared to wait a while during lunch and dinner hours. This Chipotle location is also pretty stingy about their portions too. Ask for extra of everything when you can!TIP: If you don't want to waste your time waiting you can order online and skip the line. Just go to the cashier to pickup your order. I would recommend going to the Chipotle on Baum. The service is MUCH faster.
5	I'm pretty regular at this Chipotle location. A few employees recognize us immediately, and they always treat us with respect and chat us up. It's a good time coming here. I don't know what it is about Chipotle, but I love my veggie burrito. It's one of the best things I have ever had, and before you judge, know that my diet is limited because of digestive problems. Chipotle burritos have carbs with non-irritating ingredients that fill me up, so I indulge. I never have any trouble getting a little extra fajita veggies and sour cream. They make my burrito with a perfect balance, and they are always rolled to perfection. A burrito that isn't rolled properly puts me in a very cranky and frustrated mood, and these guys do such a great job. The staff here is phenomenal, I am always attended to and I think that they move their lines pretty quickly. Chipotle will always be packed. Either you can get dedicated employees who pay attention to the customer and the food, or you can get employees who just pay attention to the food. I know what I would choose. This team deserves a giant gold star. I can't say enough good things.
1	Slow! 15 people in line and ONE server! Lame! This place is the worst when it comes to efficiency. They need to be retained. Customer service is fine. But what can you do when your customer has waited in line for up to 45 minutes! Owners of this franchise don't seem to care.
1	Love Chipotle, but this is by far the slowest one I've ever been to on multiple occasions. Management, get a clue.
