1	Never going back again!Haven't had a planters wart in years, I noticed something underneath my toes and was unsure if it was a wart or callous, it was extremely painful so I assumed wart and decided to make an appointment with them. I have an HMO and my insurance is only covered in my home state, this place seemed to have the cheapest price for a visit for someone without insurance(150 or 200 dollars I believe) it beat a plane ticket back home to visit with my dermatologist.Followed my GPS, and when I turned into the facility I thought my gps had given me incorrect directions. The place was in a shady looking area, places had bars on windows, they had a small parking lot and the sign for their business looked old and letters were falling off.I hesitantly walked inside to see a rude and unprofessional looking medical assistant on the phone, not even acknowledging my presence except to glance and look away while 2 other nurses or assistants sat in the room as well, not looking up to notice me either. And by unprofessional I mean 6 inch long blinged out nails and huge gold hoop earrings, that really isn't something I have ever seen in a healthcare setting in my entire life.When she finally got off the phone about 3 minutes later I was handed paperwork that  I had to fill out, when I finished, I handed it back to her, all I received for a reply back was, "okay". Not an, "okay, thanks, the doctor should see you shortly". So... I sat there for a half hour in this tiny waiting room, questioning myself multiple times if I should leave, wondering if this place was even safe or legitimate. Is the doctor even a doctor, are the nurses even nurses? Right as I was about to leave a nurse called my name.When the doctor came into see me he seemed very cold ( no smile or handshake like I'm used to from doctors) like he really didn't care, just wanted to hurry up, deal with my problem as soon as possible and get me out the door. He didn't seem to know if I had a callous or wart either but he froze it anyway. Told me to come in about a month and see if it was gone or not. I'm sorry, I don't have 400 dollars to just throw at a doctors office to see if it went away or not. And also the wart did go away, so why would I spend 200 on an appointment just to have him look at it and say, "yeah it's gone".Overall, I felt like they were rude and unprofessional and maybe I was treated even more like crap because I was viewed as an uninsured patient that really didn't matter to them.
2	I went here because I was having some foot problems (pain on the top of my foot, mainly my left foot). At the time, my health insurance plan covered this doctor and it was the only one in my area, though it's not really close to my home (same zip code, go figure), it's in the sunrise mountain area. I would've preferred one in the medical office vicinity of rancho/charleston.  After much examinations, an x-ray, some tests, several trial foot wrappings- talk about not being able to cover up my foot (it was at least 2- 3x), the doctor concluded that my blood vessels and veins were too close together, and said the only solution was to inject them with alcohol (this was not a one-time thing, this would have to be done repeatedly). Well, I stopped going, because I didn't want to do that (it just didn't sound right to me). Lucky for me, the pain has eased over the years. It's almost just a few times a year, now.The small location was clean, and the staff was nice. The doctor was nice, but I didn't think his conclusion was a viable option for me.
