3	This is a good local chain with about 7 locations.  I believe this is the first one and I used to stop here more often when I kept an office in the area.  I was there last week with some guys I used to work with and since we were getting the "band back together" we decided to hit up this South Hills institution because we were an institution of sorts years ago.  We got there at about 930 PM last Tuesday.  This is an immediate plus because many non major chain restaurants don't serve food past 9 or 10 PM during the weekdays in the burbs'.  The kitchen is open here until 11 PM.  The space itself is pretty cool.  It very much has a local watering hole feel to it.  They have valets that work during the dinner rush to park your car promptly with a smile.  In the Summer they have a patio area that is perfect for al fresco dining.  The interior itself is homely with dark wood, moderate lighting and the decorations on the walls are authentic and not the mass produced types at tj mcfunsters.  There is seating in both upstairs and downstairs and it is cozy while still providing privace from the table next to you.  On Tuesday we all sat at the bar and there was a pretty packed bar (surprising on a winter tuesday for most places, but I'd guess not this place), but all 5 of us were able to eventually get a seat.  The patrons were young and old, suits and jeans and for the most part friendly even though it was clear initially we weren't part of the usual clique'.  The food is nothing spectacular, but it is solid 3 star dining a step above olive garden and casual chain and not quite fine dining.   They had guiness on tap with always warms my heart.  The wine selection was decent and reasonably priced.  I was able to get a couple pours of a decent red malbec for under $10 per glass.  My buddies were able to find a few okay scotches to choose from and I think they had glenlivet and glenfiddich I think up to 24 yr. old.  The bartender, sarah I believe was very good, attentive and friendly.  This is the kind of bartender that makes it easy to grab a burger and a beer by yourself at a bar.  I started with a cup of the sherry crab bisque, which was a lot better than the last I had here.  It was thick and creamy without being too thick.  It also had noticeable chunks of crab.  I then had the chedder burger which was a big burger on a warm perfectly toasted bun oozing with cheese, however I wasn't asked how I would like it prepared so it was a little overcooked for my tastes.   I substituted asparagus for fries for $.50 more.  The asparagus were tiny and not that good, but I guess it's not the season.  Mike had the seared ahi tuna which was pretty good and better quality than I would have expected.  I think Trevor, Lloyd and Rob literally ordered everything on the appetizer menu.  I tried one of the caribbean shrimp which was a pretty good not overcooked large shrimp with tasty coconut breading.  They also had the mini burgers, pot roast nachos (pretty good I'd suggest trying), fromage dip (forgettable) and a few other things.  All in all a good neighborhood place that is a local franchise and worth your time if you are looking for an alternative to the mega chains.
3	A nice place for a date or to hang out with friends.
2	"Meh" is right, I'm not quite sure what people like about this place.  It's so below average that I have no clue what the attraction is.  I initially went to Atria's b/c of all the hype and then I realized something, it's all hype - there is no substance to the hype.  The food was blah, the atmosphere was blah, the service was blah.  Maybe "Meh" isn't the right word - let's go with "Blah" for Atria's.  There are so many places in and around Pittsburgh that are so much better so do yourself a favor and try one of those other places!
4	Food was delicious, and great service the pasta dishes are great.
5	This used to be our go to spot for dining when we had people in from out of town. Cute atmosphere, outdoor seating when weather permits, free valet parking, great menu with something for everyone, seasonal menus and affordable prices. I miss it . . .
4	Great restaurant. There's a very loyal local clientele for the bar business. It's a converted house so it has a very homey atmosphere. Valet parking is a nice touch because local parking is difficult. Probably a little too pricey but the food is as good as more expensive restaurants. People seem to enjoy eating outside (even in colder months). Don't leave without trying the Pot Roast Nachos - they are amazing.
2	Too many variables... Service might be very good and the food might be very good also! My experience here is that you probably can only rely on one or the other on a good visit. My last visit, both were terrible.
5	I'm surprised this place has gotten "meh" & "blah" reviews. Our experience today was much different. (Only drawback for me being that there is only 1 vegetarian menu option for lunch)     Our waitress Allison, said she was new, but did a great job! Always quick with coffee re-fills but not overbearing. As it was our first time there, one of the chef's, Larry, personally delivered a free bruschetta to the table. He introduced himself, was very polite letting us know if we needed anything we could just ask for it. After the brushetta, we had the Quatro Formaggio Dip and Kevin had Clam Chowder. This was delicious, but probably not a great idea to split between two people before an entree. We ate half, and had half boxed up to save room.     For entree's I had Tomato Vodka Florentine and hubby had the Bleu Cheese Burger. He didn't read the menu closely & he was a little disappointed it wasn't actually bleu cheese, just bleu cheese dressing (as per the menu), but he said it still tasted good. Larry, the chef, delivered our entree's, and was again very polite and warm. We sat and drank coffee for awhile after dinner, not feeling rushed to leave. At the end of our meal, the owner came around to again check on how we enjoyed our meal. I found the customer service here to be superb.     This is the original Atria's location, and the inside is kept to look like the inside of an old but well kept house. We had a great table on the third floor next to the window.
4	Today i had the best soup i think I've ever had; Sherry Crab Bisque; out of this World awesome although my Caesar salad was very average.  My wife ordered the Miso glazed salmon which melted in your mouth it was so good!  The service was also extremely attentive and jovial; at one point we had three different wait staff check on us.  As for the dessert, it was very good but not great :)
3	I gave this a 3 because i think its just over all too fancy for what it is.  wtf is up with valet parking...we actually had to end up getting our own car.Ordered the dip which was delicious and the sherry soup which was also amazing.  In order for me to give a better review i need to come back and actually try their dinner menu.  Our server was super duper slow...
3	This is definitely a place for a business lunch or a small gathering of friends. It's a very weird set-up; when you walk in, there's nowhere to wait if there are people ahead of you. You could wait at the bar, but its not that big & usually full. When you enter,  You immediately see a staircase that leads you to the upstairs. The food is good. I do like their famous pot roast nachos, but sometimes they can be a little soggy. The North Shore location at PNC Park has a better set-up in my opinion. However, if you're in the neighborhood, it's not a bad place to grab a bite to eat.
5	POT ROAST NACHOS! Best nachos ever, hands down. You must try them.The Atria's menu has something for everyone (I like the burgers) and they decorate the place charmingly at Christmastime. Their wine by the glass pours are good and they offer a decent variety. The place has an honest neighborhood feel and is a comfy casual place that is great for a family meal, but also good for a non-pretentious date spot.Did I mention the pot roast nachos???
4	I love Atria's. I came here for lunch with my girlfriend on a quiet weekday afternoon, and even though every other person there was pushing 80 years old, I still felt like the place had a young and fresh vibe. I don't understand, did the retirement home send a bus over or something? I guess I'll never know.To start off we both ordered a cup of the House soup specialty at the time, Crab Bisque. The cream based Crab bisque was amazing, I even though about licking the bowel after finishing it was so good. The soup had a proper amount of crab meat in it and had an amazing sherry enthused aftertaste. My girlfriend decided to go all Americana and go with a Cheeseburger, while I chose to dabble with the Parmesan Crusted Chicken. She loved her burger, and ate every last drop of it, which is definitely a rarity because she hardly ever entirely finishes her meal. My chicken had a delightfully thin breading, that seemed to match harmoniously with the linguine and marinara. I definitely want to go back to Atria's and experience their dinner scene, as I was totally impressed by my lunch.
5	one of favorite palces in pittsburgh. food is fantastic and waitstaff is warm and friendly. never had a bad time. my favorite dish is the pork fillet gorgonzola . .delicious. lots of seasonal and weekly specials to keep it interesting. go. you wont regret it. they have  a bar area downstairs for more casual atmosphere and a more dining type atmosphere upstairs if you like a little less noise (although i wouldn'tcall it noisy at all). can't wait for summer to eat outside
2	"Quality food at at an affordable price," I think not! My recent experience at Atria's was rather disappointing. The positives: I called to make reservations for 3 at 6:30 and was able to get in at 8pm last Friday night. When we arrived, they were able to accomodate us outside on the patio which was nice since it was such a beautiful evening. The Oktoberfest menu had a large selection of german food including apps, entrees and desserts. The negatives: The food. Although the menu seems to have a diverse selection of options, I was disappointed in the quality of the food, especially for the price. Our table started with the baked pretzel appetizer with mustard dipping sauce off of the Oktoberfest menu. The pretzels tasted like generic frozen pretzels I could buy at giant eagle. Nothing exciting there. I then ordered the chopped salad which was the only highlight of the meal as it was exactly as described on the menu and had a full days worth of veggies. For my entree, I ordered the bourbon glazed pot roast with vegetable gravy and red skin smashed potatoes. Although the bourbon added a nice sweetness to the pot roast, I wasn't able to fully enjoy the flavor due to the fact that my 3 peices of pot roast were 80% fat. Yes, I understand that pot roast is a fattier cut of beef. However, I do expect to be able to eat at least half of what I am served. I was thoroughly enjoying the red skin smashed potaties until I bit into a full clove of garlic. Don't get me wrong, I eat enough garlic to keep the Robert Pattinson's away but, I don't eat it raw or in whole cloves. In addition, the vegetable gravy was more of a soup that the pot roast and potatoes sat in. My dining companions were also not impressed with their meals. The Maine bay scallops were presented in a glorious fashion but fell short of taming a manly appetite. Three medium-large scallops and a side of rice for $20 is a bit excessive to me. The in betweens: Service. Although the server was friendly and accommodating, the food took quite some time to arrive and was barely warm. All in all, even though we were intrigued by the Oktoberfest menus, I probably won't be going back to Atria's anytime in the near future.
4	Try the crab bisque or pot roast nachos. Great place.
5	Amazing spot right next to PNC Park and near the river. I got a great salad but what stood out was the friendly waiters and servers. Prices are reasonable. I would highly recommend
3	This location has a charming ambience, as it is located in a rather old building.  Went there for lunch, and had an okay meal.   Started with the soup- it was their Oktoberfest cheese soup. I swear I ordered a cup, but received (and was charged for) a bowl.  It was fine, though it would've been nice if it were served with bread.  For my entree I had the parmesan crusted tilapia, served with a side of pasta.  The pasta was cooked a perfect al dente, and the sauce was tasty (though applied sparingly).  The fish had a very nice, crisp crust. Unfortunately it utterly lacked seasoning (including salt). A cardinal sin of the kitchen.Service was friendly, but absent minded. I was offered freshly grated parmesan, but the server had to go get it. By the time she found her way back to the table, some time later, I was already halfway through my lunch.  Though I was only dining with one companion, she couldn't recall who got what dish.Warning- the parking is valet-only.  They do not charge for the valet, but, of course, you are expected to tip. This isn't something most people expect when dining in the suburbs, so make sure you have a few ones on you.
5	This apparently was the first Atria's and thus is more old-fashioned than the other locations. Anyway, you have to go there for Oktoberfest! They have a special menu for this. For lunch recently, I had the Sauerbraten entree, which was phenomenal! You get really tender braised beef with raisins with spatzle noodles, a sweet/sour gravy, and red cabbage. Sooo good. This is why I love german food! Also (and just for Oktoberfest) had were their fresh baked pretzels with awesome honey mustard, A scrumptious (I don't care if it's an overused word, screw the haters) Black Forest Cherry Cake, and some on-the-house Bratwurst (the head chef brought it to us himself since it was our first time there). Atria's rules.
5	Atrias is known for their crab bisque, pot roast nachos and house made chips. ALL of them are delicious!  Their fish tacos are really good and really spicy. In fact they even come with a chipotle sour cream. I have had a couple if their pasta dishes and a couple if their salads and they did not disappoint. Prices compare to Applebee's or Chili's but the food is fresh and of better quality. There is an open view to the kitchen so you can see the chef and the assistants prepare the meals. The environment is welcoming-being slightly low lit. The decor is contemporary with a mix of lights and darks. The wait staff is outstanding. They not only wait on their own tables but woks an empty dish off your table if they see one. The servers know their menu and have nice recommendations as to what to order if needed. I recommend saving room for carrot cake!
3	I've been here a fee times and I'm not going to cover each meal individually..The food is very good, and of the four or five different meals I've had I can't say anything bad about any.  My issue comes in with the expedience of the kitchen an poor service.  Every time I've been here I've waited at least and hour for my food, the last time about an hour and a half and two of the meals were salad, one meatloaf which you know is made ahead of time.  The manager did make this right and our would be $80 dollar bill was it in half.  The other problem are the servers, though friendly they are terribly slow, and aren't overly professional in that I've always had to ask for what the soups and specials are.  Not inly is good service slow, but I think we waited almost 20 minutes for two waters, a beer and a glass of wine last time we were in...  All other trips have been similar.Solo food, nice joint, but painfully slow.
4	Drove up to free valet parking (remember cash for a tip, luckily I had some). The door was opened for my friend and I, we were promptly seared and warmly greeted by every employee we came into contact with. The dining room we were taken to was awkwardly small and w one larger table in there was as loud as the bar. And slightly less comfortable.Our server was very attentive w many personal suggestions which were helpful. The food was quite good, was not a fan of the garlic vinaigrette, which the server has recommended. However my friend and I ate every course, and every bite! Lol. Idk what they put in the whipped butter they serve w the bread but it is amazing. I was pleasantly surprised with th quality and freshness of the Ahi, which I had for my main course. My friend said his burger reminded him of his grandmothers, exactly what he wanted. Prices are middle of the road, reasonable. We will be back and especially in the warm weather to enjoy the patio seating.
4	Great food, great service.
4	Atria's serves very good food and you get good value for your money. The last time I ate there was for a gathering of people. Service was a bit slow but the food was well prepared and made to order. They do offer free valet parking in their lot.Look for coupons since they appear often and you can get a break on either your meal or beverage. I normally go there for seafood and haven't been disappointed yet.
3	The food was really good... in my opinion, better than the fox  chapel location.The decor is a little hokey, but I guess local sports paraphernalia is better then random rummage sale finds (a la CRapplebee's and TGIFridays).Bonus points for seasonal specials and free valet... free does not mean that tips are not accepted, please remember those fellas are doing you a huge favor by not making you go insane from attempting to find a parking spot yourself... reward them.Service was friendly and attentive but not overly so.
5	We were in town for the day and wanted to grab a local bite. I am so glad we stopped in. The food was excellent, the service was too.The ribs were out of this world...zesty, smoky and everything I was looking for.The peanut butter mousse pie was a prefect finish to a fantastic meal.If I had any critique it would be about the crab soup...high on flavor, but where was the crab?
5	Fabulous dinner! I got the crab cakes which were 99.9% crab. Almost no filling, mayo, etc it was all about that crab; like a crab cake should be. I've lived in Maryland and I've had some amazing crab cakes. Atrias were hands down the best I've had in a while, if not ever! The chicken Marsala, ribs and tilapia were great as well (that's what others in my party had). To top it off we had the largest piece of carrot cake I've ever seen! It literally came out in a pasta bowl. The chef also delivered our meal, and came out again to check on us and all the tables to see how our meals were. They were packed too. When was the last time a chef asked you how your meal was?! What a great dining experience. So happy this place is right down the street. Well done Atrias and chef John!! Thanks again
3	I had heard lots of bad things about Atria's. Came here on a gift card, so we were in the mood to experiment. I was determined to have a good meal and find the good in Atria's. So here's the good and the bad.Here are the pros:Free valet parking was very nice. The crab bisque that many reviewers rave about was indeed very tasty, but has a few cons attached that I'll get to later. The setting was very pretty. Their outdoor seating is nice and has a garden party feel to it. Atria's is in a big old house, and we were seated next to an upstairs window that we enjoyed looking out of. The waitress was very prompt and friendly. No issues with service whatsoever. Cons: The food was so so average. I could make pretty much everything we had for dinner that night in the comfort of my own home for way way less money. The aforementioned crab bisque, which was the best part of the meal, came in a tiny little cup, and had little to no chunks of crab in it. And what, no crackers?Our Quattro Fromage appetizer was actually a sub-par spinach dip that tasted like they dumped a bottle of ranch dressing in it. Their cocktails are boring and my sangria tasted like a Jesus miracle in reverse... I swear they turned that wine into water. I had to salt and pepper the crap out of my goat cheese ravioli with basil pesto. (It's part of their summer menu.) It was so incredibly bland. I eventually gave up and took it home to see if I could fix it. I made a white wine and herb sauce and added some parmesan cheese, and voila, it was awesome! Why couldn't they have done that?Lastly, both our table and my chair was incredibly wobbly. I swapped my chair out for a neighboring one, but the table issue was annoying. I felt like I needed to hold onto my drink until I could gulp down enough that it wouldn't spill if we jarred the table. Everything in the place was pretty old and worn looking, and for their prices, I would expect the decor and table settings to be a lot nicer. $80+tip later, we decide that Atria's has been an average experience not worth repeating. There's way better restaurants within that price range.
4	I *love* this place!I recommend using Open Table or calling for a reservation ahead of time because this place gets PACKED.  Somehow I can always get a reservation right away, but without a reservation there's a wait.They have a really nice outdoor patio that I like in the warmer months.  In the colder months its indoors, and the building used to be an old hotel.  It feels like an old building.  Its a nice restaurant but it does look a little bit dated upstairs with the green stripes on the walls.BUT---are you here to check out the decor or are you here to EAT?I effing love Atria's food.  It's probably so unhealthy but I don't care.  Why is it so good?  How???  I strongly recommend the Miso Glazed salmon, the meatloaf, the pot roast, the goat cheese ravioli and their reuben's are to die for.  Literally you might die, bc they are so tasty they've got to be FULL of butter.No one ever ate a reuben for their health.The pot roast nacho's are OUTSTANDING.  In fact ,any time I want to get my Dad to come to Atria's with me, I don't ask if he wants to go to Atria's, I ask if he is in the mood for Pot Roast Nachos.  Turns out, Dad's always in the mood for pot roast nachos.The only thing on the menu I don't recommend are the fish tacos.  I had them on Saturday and they were just not excellent.  Still tasty though!The service is outstanding.  Our waitress this past Saturday was Daya and she was so pleasant that we'll ask for her section when we come back.They have a killer cocktail list too, the Blood Orange martini tastes like angels squeezed it from golden oranges in heaven.  ???  Ok, I don't know what that meant, it is just a damn good martini.Also, I spent my formative childhood years in Stuttgart, Germany.  Their Oktoberfest menu is HANDS DOWN the most authentic, best tasting German food in Pittsburgh.  I get asked where to get the best German food all the time.  It's at Atria's, during their woefully limited Oktoberfest menu.The Chicken Paprika is ...  AUSGEZIECHNET.  WUNDER BAR.  Really effing good.  Everyone in Pittsburgh eats at Atria's, but if you havent yet, you really should make a reservation!
4	Came in 15 min to closing, starving and delirious. They were so nice to seat us and take our order quickly! We only got appetizers and sides BUT bruschetta and flat bread were good. The star was def the last minute side order of the smashed potatoes. Holy... Those were delicious! Get those if you find yourself eating there !
4	Attended a business early dinner meeting at Atria's last week.  Valet parking was a nice touch, arrived early so I sat at the bar with a few others and had a drink before the meeting.  Sangria was really good.  Bartender was very friendly.  Once we were seated upstairs we were greeted by the Manager then introduced to the waiter.  They were very accommodating.  Allowing us to order at 4:00 then bring our food hot and ready at 5:00.  I ordered the Salmon and it was very good.  Nice size portion with jasmine rice.  Well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The others all commented that they enjoyed their food too.  The chef came out to see if we were happy and talked for a few minutes about the food.  Very nice touch.  First time I was ever at this location, they told me it is the original.  I liked it very much and would definitely return.
2	The food was not anything amazing--I had several types of pastas, which I only liked one in particular because of the spinach that came with the penne. They served some dessert that looked like it came from a supermarket party platter of marzipans and burnt hard chocolate chip cookies. I also asked for coffee and apparently it takes 40 minutes to make that. The waiter avoided eye contact after the I asked a second time and acted like I never asked for it.
5	Very cool older building with a lot of character.  I loved that they had free valet parking.  The restaurant was very busy but they squeezed in our party of 8 at the last minute.  Everyone loved their meals.  It was huge hit.  The staff are top notch.  We loved everything about this place.
2	The place itself is a little too dark. We were seated upstairs in the back by the window and it was still to dark. There are some lighting on the walls but just didn't do much. I would suggest maybe some candles on the table. Food was ok. Just little too plain for the price. Our server was nice but just little too slow.
4	Nice place for a date night, or dinner with friends. Semi formal setting. Their beef pot roast nachos are to  die for and their fillet mignon steaks are delicious.
3	Great dinner, nice food and very nice owners! They came to the table and made sure everything was alright! Good was very good - service, mediocre.
