4	I absolutely love water ice / Italian ice! This place is a great treat when the weather is hot. The rich fruity flavors keep me coming back for more. The only complaint I have is that they don't have all flavors all the time. Oneday they may have cherry and the next they may not. However, they have an email sign up to alert you when your favorite flavors are being served.They also serve custard and gelatos. Yum yum!!
4	Love Rita's--especially on the first day of spring when they offer free water ice! I dropped by this location today and it was packed due to the freebies. It's located in the same shopping center as the HT offer Audrey Kell so if you're driving down from the north you either need to make a uturn or go onto Audrey Kell-I was a bit confused with where it was located exactly. Their custard is fabulous and I learned they have a Swedish Fish flavored ice--sold! Perfect treat to cool you off on a warm day!
5	Italian ice, gelato, frozen custard, mixtures of all of them - how can you go wrong?  Rita's Italian Ice is delicious no matter what you get.  It's a small shop behind Big View Diner and mostly just has some seats outdoors.  Every year on the first day of spring, they give out a free medium size Italian ice.  A medium is a pretty good size too.  It's just a mile south of both Ballantyne and Blakeny, so it's probably closer to you than you think.
5	I LOVE Rita's. The gelati's are great!
2	I've been having mad cravings for a really good hot fudge sundae... We were driving down Lancaster and I that saw Rita's had frozen custard. I decided to give them a try. I walked into the small shop and was greeted by a young employee. She pointed out the list of Italian ice flavors posted on the wall. I asked how the custard was and she said it was "really good." I ordered a kid's hot fudge sundae... I was handed a small cup filled about half way with a pretty sad looking drizzle of hot fudge on top... Here was the shocker... I paid $4.70 for a kid's hot fudge sundae... For real?? The "custard" was ok... it really wasn't custard at all but a thick soft serve (traditional frozen custard is scooped, not swirled out of a machine!). The hot fudge was just the cheap canned stuff... Needless to say, I'll be continuing my search for the best hot fudge sundae in Charlotte.
4	After thinking for years that I needed to try this place,  I finally made it in to check it out.  I decided to go with frozen custard and chose chocolate & a sugar cone.  It was good and the service was a-ok.
5	So, they mix custard and ice together if you want them to.  Seriously, what else do you need?  They give out free samples if you ask so you don't have to commit until you know what you like.  Prices are on par with TCBY or Dairy Queen but I prefer the custard to either of those.  Its a smaller store so plan to eat outside unless you go during off peak hours.
5	Took my wife's young cousins here for a treat after dinner.  I have been dying to try Rita's for the longest time and wasn't disappointed. This the closest I have come to Ralph's Ice ever. I had the sugar free cherry ice. Which was so good you would swear it wasn't sugar free. My wife had the chocolate custard. The kids had strawberry & raspberry kid size cups while their Mom had the vanilla custard. We even brought home some ice cream sandwiches for a later time. I had to come all the way to the Queen City to try Rita's.:)Even on a rainy Saturday evening it seems to be a popular place to get a sweet treat with the locals hanging out  front.
4	I love Rita's for both their Italian ice and their custard! The ice is bursting with flavor and the custard is smooth and creamy. I like to switch between the two depending on what I'm in the mood for, and sometimes it's hard to decide between them. I know you can mix the custard and ice together, but I'm not much for mixing things. They taste too good on their own. My only complaint is the shop is closed from the day after Halloween to Valentine's Day. I know winter may not be their most popular time of year, but I still get cravings even in the cold weather.
5	So good!  Refreshing and I love a 'Mom and Pop' place to go like this with our family!  Good peeps!
