3	This review is on retail product only; I have not had any services here. So, a friend and I went in here to kill a 'few minutes'. Seriously, we were just hanging after lunch and I wanted to get some brow waxing supplies (for 'tech-up' in between appts ya know). Well, I didn't find any, but frankly, I forgot to ask anyone. We wandered from aisle to aisle, perusing the 35-65% off sale items. I totally needed those 5 incredibly-scented Bluewick travel candles in a tin, and for the whopping $1.50 or 1.75 for each one, I wish I had gotten more now. They smell so good! And at my friend's suggestion, I picked up an O.P.I. cuticle oil pen to go. Fabulous - fits in my little purse, ready to be whipped out anywhere. There were some seriously good deals here, but they had some decent prices on 'normal' stuff too, although I know I can find Alterna products for about a buck cheaper per item at Trade Secret. GREAT display and selection of the Too Faced line, and very cute selection of kids' items. Their staff was very friendly - we must have been asked about 5 times if we could use any help or if we wanted a bag for the items in our talons, I mean clutches. I am not sure I would try the salon services (call me a snob - I prefer spa or boutique atmosphere more than 'retail back room') but everything did look sparkling clean. The selection of O.P.I nail polish was just huge. All in all, a nice little shopping experience for being chain store. Even if I didn't get my little plastic brow wax applicators.
5	Please note: This review is 100% based on esthetician Grace's services.So, I'm going to keep this short and sweet .... I was a bikini wax virgin .... Now I am not. Grace was awesome. Some people have told me they like a no-nonsense, quiet and fast worker for this service. I was totally freaked out, and Grace had a very maternal quality that I needed. Sorry folks - you usually get more of a "story" out of me, but I'm just not going to go there this time.
1	Will not go back, ever.  The trouble started when I booked the appt.  I didn't want to give my address to join the mailing list, this was apparently was a huge issue.  It should not EVER take 20 minutes to book an eyebrow wax appt.  Then I arrive 5 minutes early for a 1:00 and the women I had the appt with, Grace,  wasn't even there yet.  She finally arrived 5 minutes late and had to set up the room, this leads to another 5 minutes.  I had someplace else to be so finally I left.  Totally ridiculous.  If I had been 10 minutes late it would have been a big issue.  Real sick of a total lack of customer service around town lately!
5	I love this place.  I go to Lisa Olsen for my haircuts.  She is awesome.  I have been with Lisa for over 2 years now.  I go in and show her few pictures of what I like.  She cuts my hair in her style that will work with my facial structure.  Love LISA!
4	Staff and students were for the most part friendly.  The student that took care of my hair was really sweet.  Excited but sad that she graduated.  Other than that, I think the front desk needs a lot of improving on being organized and efficient.
5	Review for hairstylist and shop. The prices for products are fair and competitive. I love that they have Dermologica in all sizes and even have the kits for a very reasonable price. Tons of shampoos and conditioners, but no hair color kits and very little in the way of makeup and body wash.The haircuts I have gotten from Priscilla both times were utterly perfect. I really got a great haircut and style for a ridiculously good price. So happy I found this place!
4	Priscilla cut my hair today and it looks great. The set up of the 'salon' is super basic but who cares when the end result is as good a haircut that would have cost twice as much elsewhere. I'll definitely be going back to Priscilla for my next cut!
5	Yesterday, I had my first facial(Mother's day gift) and it was a wonderful experience.  My esthetician was Jillian.  I have serious skin issues so I was very concerned something might make me break out, but she had me fill out a form so she would know everything about me that might cause an issue.  She explained what she was doing and why she was using certain products.  I felt wonderful during and after the experience!  I would highly recommend Jillian to everyone.  In addition, I would like to mention one of the salespeople, Marsee.  She greeted me when I arrived, and asked about my experience after my facial.  She has helped me before, recommending products that could possibly help me with my skin & hair and I have been very satisfied with the results.  I'm so glad we have such a great store, salon and spa in the area.  I can't wait to schedule more services in the near future.  Thank you very much for your excellent customer service ladies!!
2	Stopped in Saturday night  for the first time. A very nice employee gave me a tour.  I told her that I may come back another day to get my brows done and she said, wait, maybe I can get you in now. In front of me she asks this employee if she could do me real quick and she said she was busy cleaning up. Again, right in front  of me. I guess a loss of sales is no big deal here. Like an idiot I set an appointment for today for a shape, not a clean up, a shape. So today, again, nice greeter, takes me to this employee who says, " you just need a clean up right?" Sensing this a place I made a mistake coming to I resign myself and say, yes. Needless to say my brows look like crap. They are uneven and sparse. This was a hairdresser who decided to fill in for the one who was suppose to do my brows. Won't go back for services.
5	This review is specifically for the DevaCut haircut I got from Zonia! I had never had my type 3b curly hair (I'm half black and half Mexican) cut while it was still curly and I was TERRIFIED that I would leave with most of my hair chopped off. Zonia double and triple checked with me to make sure the amount she was taking off was ok (which I SERIOUSLY appreciated!) and when she cut she didn't take more than what she said she would. She talked while she cut and explained the "science" behind having hair cut while it's curly and went through the benefits of it. After cutting my hair she washed it and styled it using DevaCurl products. I loved the fact that she showed me the PROPER way to use these products!! I had used them before and didn't care for them, but she showed me how to use the Pre-Poo, One Condition, and Gel and WOW WOW WOW!!!! My curls have never looked so healthy, shiny, defined, and bouncy!! And to top it off, the actual cut was DRASTICALLY better than anything I have ever had in my life!! I swear I almost cried I was so happy with my results. My boyfriend and family all agreed, the DevaCut is the cut for me and Zonia is the stylist to do it!!! She knows what she's doing, she's extremely kind, and my hair cut and her advice was worth so much more than the $52 she charged me! I also want to mention that I appreciate her honesty- most stylists will tell you to get a touch up in 6 weeks so they get more money in their pockets but Zonia told me that I shouldn't need another cut for about 4-6 months. If you're looking for somebody to cut your curly hair and show you how to use DevaCurl products Zonia is your woman!!! As long as I'm in Arizona I will ONLY go to Zonia!!
5	If you want the best brows in town I would only suggest seeing Nicole Swett at Beauty Brands in Avondale. I will drive all the way from Tucson to see this woman. She is professional, clean, and always has a great attitude. Your face and brows will be in perfect hands !
5	I have been coming here for years! Brooke is my hair stylist & Julian is my waxing lady! BOTH are amazing & do a fantastic job! In fact; I have my mom, prior Roomate, wife, and everyone else I know coming here lol the costumer service exceeds expectation! Everyone here is so pleasant as well as on the phone! Thank you beauty brands on DYSART! You all are wonderful!
