4	If you seek a dramatic look, make yourself an appointment at the MAC counter. Yes, these talented makeup artists can also help you achieve a gorgeous, natural look, but their real strengths lie within the drama. This is super evident by the insanely gorgeous array of eyeshadows and lipsticks that adorn the counters. I've been using MAC for as long as I've been wearing makeup. Their eyeshadows seemingly last forever and their brushes are some of the best I've used. Other fave products include powder blush, lip glass, eye pigments, and eye paint. Frankly, it's just so much fun to drop by and play a bit. The folks who work this particular counter, while always busy, are super friendly and happy to help you search for a specific look or product. I've seen some really cool artistry happening here, so, again, if you're looking for a dramatic look or something for a nice occasion, give 'em a call.
5	Went with Scooter after several recommendations. He was excellent, no high-pressure sales tactics, made me look and feel fabulous, and was really quick/efficient, but thorough. I wanted a natural look but something that would stand out on camera. He used just the right colors to accentuate the positive and diminish the negative. I ended up purchasing some eye shadow liner, a liner brush, and a lip liner that I love! He is super talented - but book in advance as his schedule seemed busy.
4	Overall i am very satisfies with my experience at MAC. There are two locations within the mall, one is inside Belk and one is right outside of Belk at the corner before you turn into the Belk tunnel by J crew and Aldo. I like the one outside of Belk better because it seems bigger and has more staffs. I loved how free I was to try on the makeup and whenever I have a question i could ask one of the staffs. I don't like to feel bothered or pressure when I am buying my makeup and I always feel that way whenever you just go to a makeup counter or a makeup store. This location is great, you can walk in and walk out easily. In fact, that is how i started trying out MAC, i thought this cornered area MAC store was inviting and decides to check it out, plus i read that MAC is votes the best makeup. I recommend the African American guy who works here, he is very sweet, caring and attentive.
5	I went to the freestanding MAC store to get a new glamorous look. Kathey was my make up artist and not only did she give me a beautiful look, but she was very helpful in instructing me how to create the look on my own and had me practice while she guided me through it. She gave me the exact look I needed and a ton of helpful advice, including what products were the most important based off my (limited) budget. I highly recommend MAC if you need a new look or tips on creating the look you want. Thanks Kathey!
4	I went to the free-standing store in Southpark and had a great experience. As soon as I walked in, I was approached by Amy who helped me pick out eyeshadows for a rose gold smokey eye look. She then offered to do a full makeup application which I happily accepted. The makeup was EXACTLY the look I was going for. Afterwards, she explained each product and taught me how to put it all on. She was extremely patient with me and very helpful. She never pressured me into buying anything. I would definitely go back
1	I love MAC makeup, and I'm a total makeup junkie. My sister needed more foundation and I needed more lipstick, at the very least. We decided to see if we could get our makeup done first, then shop. The MAC outside Belk in the mall didn't have anyone available, so she called the counter inside Belk to see if they did. We were told who to ask for there, and off we went. We informed them we had an hour and a half. The first girl started on my sister and asked the girl cleaning the counter if she'd take care of me...she looked none too thrilled about it, but said ok. After about 15 minutes of not being acknowledged, I asked the girl working on my sister if I should just go elsewhere. She went and said something to the other girl, and came back and directed me to a chair...where I waited another 10-15 minutes. At this point, my sister had also been sitting there while both our girls helped other people shop, rang them up, etc. We finally left, because we were running out of time and no one was working on us. We went over to Benefit where they were super helpful, friendly, and we ended up buying their makeup instead. Love MAC'S products, but the service lost a sale. We understood that we were a drop-in and they usually can't work on you to the exclusion of people shopping, but it was just so bad that we felt they shouldn't have even committed to doing our makeup if they were so busy.
