4	This cute deli in Town Square does a nice job in filling the quick service dining void. After downing 3 martinis and munching on not so great foo-foo bar food at Blue Martini we wanted something substantial in our stomachs to start soaking up all that booze but we weren't in the mood to wait or drop $50 on a meal.  Johnnie McGuire's is located upstairs across from Blue Martini and has a nice menu of hot and cold sandwiches. They also have hot dogs, fries and homemade chips. For a "mere" $15 we got a medium sized philly cheesesteak sandwich and a "bacon dog". One thing I like about all the sandwiches at this place - fresh baked bread. Philly cheesesteak did hit the spot, but I can't say it's the best cheesesteak I've ever had or anything. The bacon dog was delish. A hotdog that has been grilled with a slice of bacon wrapped around it. I had mine served with cheddar cheese (the hot dog and bacon weren't fatty enough already!) and I enjoyed it quite a bit. Bottom line - a solid,  quick, affordable (Sandwiches start at $6.50, hot dogs at $3.50) option at town square.
2	Johnny McGuire's is a deli from Aspen, Colorado that just opened a location in Town Square Mall (Las Vegas). After reading great reviews of their Aspen location (several said it was the best sandwich they have ever had), I was looking forward to eating here. The person behind the counter was friendly and helpful with suggestions. The bread is fresh baked on site and is very soft and good. Other than that, this was nowhere near the best sandwich I have ever had. I ordered a "fatty" size "Manhatten" for $12.50. "Fatty", to me means a big fat sandwich with a ton of meat and toppings. Instead, "fatty" just means more bread. You get a 12 inch sandwich instead of a 8 or 6 inch. The meat and toppings were very skimpy. The corned beef had two pieces of chewy fat or Grissel that I had to spit out and the last couple of bites was all bread. The meat and toppings were all in the middle. I definitely expected much better.
1	i went there sun. for the first time. wasnt worth the $8 at all. i ordered the manhattan. too many onions, not enough spread, meat wasnt that good, bread is port of subs bread.
3	One of the contestants from a past season of Hell's Kitchen works here so I decided to come check it out.  Johnny McGuire's is inside the Town Square Las Vegas but it's on the second level across from the movie theatre.  For some reason a few restaurants/businesses have opened and shortly gone under.  But during my trip it was a steady line.  Not too busy but certainly not slow so that's promising.Before I mention my sandwich, I'll admit that my tastes are really plain so that may skew things and not be totally representative of what you can get here.  I went for the Philly cheese steak sandwich on wheat.  The service takes a few minutes because everything is cooked up fresh.  I thought it was a little bland.  Granted I didn't get any mayo or other dressing but the meat itself could have had a little more umph to it.  It was also a tad on the rubbery side.  Also, the bread was too soft. Toasting can go a long way.The sandwich cost around 7 dollars which I can deal with since it's made fresh.  Subway is just slightly cheaper but not nearly as authentic.  I'm not sure if I will go back but it's good to see this place doing well not long after it's opening.
2	The food was actually pretty tasty but the service I received spoiled the whole thing.  In this economy I'm not spending $8 on a 6 in. sub to be treated rudely.  I can go to Port of Subs or Capriotti's to the the same quality for less.
4	I had a corn beef sandwich. It meat was good quality and the staff was courteous. I did think the food was a bit expensive, but I expected that going in. I would eat here again if I was shopping in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
4	This sandwich place makes me excited about sandwiches, again.  This is not your usual Capriotti's, Jason's Deli or Boardhouse Sandwiches. In fact for those familiar with Capriotti's the Bobby sandwich, they even have a special sandwich called the "ant-Bobby" sandwich.We only tried one sandwich as a snack, but though we had to wait a bit because they are made to order, I was so happy with the wonderful combination and textures in the "Punching One Shoe" - roast beef, cheddar, horseradish, 1000 island, coleslaw, tomato, onions and peppers. It was toasty and made fresh to order. We've got the chewiness of the roast beef and cheddar, the tang of the 1000 island, the zing of the horseradish, and the fresh textures of the crunchy coleslaw and vegetables of tomato, onions and cooked bell peppers. Nommmerfic!!!!!
5	Excellent sandwich Friendly serviceCreative menuMost things made on site"The Rave" was incredibleStaff suggested things, awesome cookie
2	I was a lil disappointed with this place since I have heard such great reviews about it. Sandwiches were just ok and the french fries were soggy. I felt that the sandwiches could have a lil more meat and flavor. Other than that, it was just a-ok. Oh and the soda was very flat!
4	i love sandwiches!do you know what i love more than sandwiches? --potato chips!this place is definitely your lunch destination! when im vacationing in vegas you can usually find me grubbing at a buffet or sitting poolside with a margarita in hand-- but if im in the mood to drive, ill drive on over to McGuire's. my favorite sandwich is definitely the buddah! nothing can beat their home made chips! i love crispy chips! they taste amazing! they have a long list of other unique combinations of sandwiches-- definitely worth the drive from the strip! even if you have to beg your buddy drive you there because you are still hungover-- trust it is the best gamble you can take in vegas! ;]
2	Randomly ate here yesterday as my wife had a meeting down in Town Square. Ordered an Emma (turkey, bacon, swiss, sprouts, honey mustard) on wheat. Lots of bread, sprouts. Weak portion of turkey. Honey mustard was overpoweringly sweet. Johnny McGuire's is banking on the Blue Martini and Cadillac Ranch crowd. "I'm too drunk to go down this escalator! Ooh let's get a sandwich baby!"I'm surprised that the LV location didn't grill my Emma's turkey, bacon and swiss together like they usually do at the Aspen location. I wonder if the Nevada health code is tougher than Colorado's because Johnny McGuire's in Aspen does a lot of raw steak action on the grill combined with putting whole sandwiches on the grill, then grills turkey, then some more raw steak, then grills bread, and so on, all with the same spatula. NOT surprised that the guy and girl working behind the counter in LV were both on the rude side. When I didn't order chips, fries or a drink with my sandwich the guy looked at me like a vending machine that got his Snickers bar stuck. With the tone of "I've told you 10 times before, and I won't tell you again!" he told me to pick up my sandwich on the other side of the counter. Roger that, buttface! Also not surprised that other Yelpers have been experiencing the same Johnny's bad attitude. Having been an Aspen local for 7 years and an unofficial local (summers only) for 4 years before that, I have had my share of the Aspen Johnny McGuire's experience. Eating at Johnny's in Aspen is pretty good and safe at breakfast, but because of the same-spatula phenomenon that happens there, any other meal is a 5 to 1 crapshoot. I can't count on all of my fingers and toes how many times friends and acquaintances who ate a Johnny's sandwich complained of a twisting knot in their belly and either threw up or had the runs for the rest of the night. Truth is that all of that random grilling madness makes their sandwich taste great (and greasy) but it takes about 2 or 3 twisting knot episodes to learn to tread lightly (go for breakfast or when it's not busy for less cross-contamination).The staff at Johnny's in Aspen usually consists of a hard-working and energetic (usually Hispanic) spatula master and one or two other 'hater' 20-something snowboarder/skater types (the kind who get mad at you if their girlfriend checks you out). Johnny's has historically attracted a rude audience - four long-time 20-something customers were convicted of multiple armed robberies and grand theft of a Range Rover a few years ago. They ate at Johnny's almost every day.Bottom line: The LV location doesn't taste as good as the Aspen one. Same ingredients, same skimpy meat portions, even the same weird big-ass cookies. Wondering if the LV staff was trained to prepare for the same punk-ass clientele that the Aspen location attracts. If so, Johnny has it wrong. The LV location should try to be nice - from what I saw their customers are half LV locals and half tourists. Men and women can actually walk into the Las Vegas Johnny McGuire's without getting tripped by a skateboard, hit on, or spat on! Johnny McGuire's makes Subway look like Capriotti's.
4	I am going to start out by saying that I've loved Johnny McGuire's for years. They used to have a location in the town where I went to college (Durango, CO) and this used to be a common breakfast and lunch spot for me. With that in mind, I've only been to the Vegas location twice. However, I was transported back to my college years by the tastes and flavors of Johnny's. My favorites are the Johnny and the Buddha, and now that I don't eat meat, I usually load up on veggies and get sunflower seeds and cream cheese on the sandwich (as this really does make the sandwich). The homemade chips are something I've only had at the Vegas location, and they were quite delicious, and a nice compliment to the sandwich. I haven't found the poor customer service that others mention, but then again, I've only been to this location twice. Additionally, I do agree that the prices are high, but I find the quality of the ingredients to also be high. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Port of Subs and Capriotti's, but I've never had a sandwich as fresh as Johnny's at either of those two places. The closest comparison I've run across is Boardhouse, and they also have very high prices, and the sandwiches there just don't give me that same "pow" factor. For me Johnny's is not an ever day kind of sandwich, but really a sandwich treat for those days fighting crowds or the hangover shakes at Town Square. With that said, I am a proud Johnny McGuire fan, and will continue to patronize on those occasions I am at Town Square.
3	I really enjoy their sandwiches and fries. Although the customer service sucks big time. That makes me hesitant to go back some times. When I first went we had a lady take our order. She was very nice and helpful. The visits there after a gentlemen took my orders. He's not friendly or rude. Although once he had me waiting at the counter for a good 10 minutes waiting to place my order because he was taking phone orders. I was ready to walk out! As for the cook; he just stares at you. From the window to walking to placing your order. Not a grin, hi/hello or someone will be with you. Ok. Maybe he's just a cook and customer service isn't his job description. Lmao Perhaps they should cover the windows then. Haha He is the first person you see upon entering. It's the customer service that makes us hesistant to return. Still love the food though.I also agree with others. A little skimpy on the sandwich for the price.
4	I eat here often.  I love Town Square and Johnny McGuire's is a great sandwich shop in the heart of the shopping center.I normally get the Johnny, but this time I wanted to try the Bearcat sandwich.....which has Turkey, Bacon, Peppers, Cole Slaw, 1000 Island Dressing, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions.  It was very tasty, but also very messy.  The dressing and slaw were falling out of the sandwich....but it was good!Also had a bag of the homemade chips....those are the best when their hot and fresh.Will I come back?  Absolutely!
4	Have had a good experience so far with 2 visits.  Had a slightly long wait during lunch once, but to be expected I guess.  Nice sammie shop overall.
3	If I had my own annual Vegas awards "Best restaurant to eat solo" would definitely be a category and this place would certainly be a nominee.  This is the best place to eat solo in Town Square for sure.I like the fact that all the chairs face the window so you don't have to make eye contact with anyone else in the place and there's ample reading material to easily ignore everyone there.  I usually go with the Las Vegas Weekly.  The food is decent enough.  The regular size sandwiches are more than enough for one person although none of them are really on the healthy side.  I know some people that love eating here at 4:20 for some reason......
3	If you happen to be in the Town Square location you should definitely stop by. It's located on the 2nd floor across from the movie theater parallel to Blue Martini. Customer service is ehh, but you're there for the food, not the conversation. All the seating is made up of stools facing the window. That's good cuz you really don't have to worry when you get the food all over your face and hands. Each time has been a good experience so far with 2 visits under the belt, each time visiting with my brother. Each time we ordered a fatty Olympian consisting of grilled corned beef, turkey, pastrami, onions, peppers & Swiss, plus coleslaw, 1000 island & tomato. From my stomach's perspective they are liking this sub shop. Overall it's a nice place to grab a quick bite while doing some shopping at this outdoor mall.
3	Sanwiches are always fresh off the grill. Great choices. The Free Willy sandwich is big, fresh and tasty. If you like sandwiches and in the Town Square area head on upstairs and grab yourself a sandwich, pickle and an ice cold root beer.
5	Best sandwiches in Las Vegas! Awesome choices and completely customizable. Don't forget an order of fresh cut potato chips or fries seasoned to your liking. Top it off with a perfect dill pickle... Heaven!
4	I missed out on having any of their sandwiches at the Yelp Helps event. Actually, I had never heard of them. I saw the name at Yelp Helps and I've seen the sandwich shop before, but I never connected the two. Anyway, I was meeting my cousins at Town Square to hang out and maybe catch the game and I suddenly got hungry.Their menu looks overwhelming, but as soon as I saw the fried egg burger, that was my choice without hesitation. From the Royal at Red Robin to the Tamago at Fukuburger, I pretty much love egg on any burger. The burger did not disappoint. Perfectly cooked all around and with that gooey eggy goodness that makes things messy. It's that blurry line between annoying and satisfying.I went with the combo. The fries were pretty good but nothing amazing. Overall, I'd eat here again. The prices are decent considering the alternatives in the area.
5	LOVE this place!! It has fantastic hours so you can hit it up when you leave the bar. The best thing is the homemade big bag of chips with tons of seasoning. And the giant chocolate chip cookies are delicious. The cold Emma sub is great if you like honey mustard and the Ranch Hand is my favorite hot sub. If you keep your eye out you can find great coupons. Super service, good prices, nice beverage selection, and excellent food! GO THERE!
5	Yes, Johnny McGuire's is as good as it gets. Hands down the most delicious sandwiches in the valley. That's not including the fresh, warm, homemade potato chips in several different flavors. My sandwich of choice is the Johnny without the sprouts for cold sammie. For heated I choose the Philly. What you don't hear much about is there chocolate chip cookies the size of my face that are the happy ending of this fairytale sandwich story. Next episode I am determined to try their chili fries that they bake in the oven with melted cheddar cheese dripping all over..... Just thinking of this place makes me want to cancel my plans for tonight and run down to Town Square. Last, but surely not least the staff here is more than friendly and accommodating with huge, warm smiles no matter what time of day or night or shape I have been in. P.S.They have a coupon on their website
4	I never heard of this place until they opened one up in Town Square. Or maybe because the only other one is in Aspen!! Where the beer flows like wine!!A couple friends of mine said their French fries are the business.  We went to go try them..... They were out of fries!!!! That's ok tho because I paid them another visit the next day and made sure I had fries with my sandwich or sandwich with my fries.  I got the regular sized Tahiti cold sandwich. (sandwiches come in 3 sizes, skinny, regular and fatty) and I made it a combo.  They fill a brown bag (like what you use to bring your lunch in the 3rd grade) halfway with their thick fresh cut fries.I liked the food at Johnny McGuires, red and green tobasco to your liking, and ranch if requested. They have some good ranch.  Nice vibe with a view of the movie theater just steps away.  And service was OK. 4 stars!P.S. If you wear one of their shirts when you order, you get 20% off.
5	Johnny McGuire's rocked my face! I heard quite a bit of buzz about this sandwich shop in Vegas, so I put it on my list of things to do the next time I was in town. El Hubs and I decided that a sammich was just the thing we needed before shopping. The menu was slightly overwhelming so I had to ask for advice from the staff. Usually when you ask for advice at any restaurant, you get BS recommendations either trying to upsell you or sell you the easiest thing to prepare on the menu. Not at JM's, the cashier took her time explaining why she preferred one sandwich over the other after narrowing the choices down. The El Buey was the ish! Prepared perfectly and with a pickle as the ultimate side, I was a content gal! El Hubs had the Emma and his only regret was not getting the wheat over white....and letting me have 3 bites. Thanks JM, planning a trip back to see the fam in December and will be back!
3	Located right smack center of where all the poppin' bars are in Town Square, Johnny Mcguire Deli serves different variety of subs and sandwiches.  I first tried this place with my buddy before dropping him off at the airport. Tried their philly cheese steak (grilled steak, onions, peppers & provolone, plus mayo, lettuce & tomato) which was good but I had better.  The second time coming here was their T-Bone (roast beef, turkey, bacon, cheddar, horseradish & mayo). Though the T-Bone is on the cold subs menu, ask them that you want it hot and it brings out more flavor to the roast beef. Not really that big of a fan of mustards, so the horseradish sauce kind of ruined the taste for me but overall it was still an ok sub.What I like about this place is that they're open late night along with the bars surrounding it. After chillin' in Cadillac Ranch, listening to a cool samoan band, so convenient that I can walk right across to eat after a good night with my buddies.
4	TOWN SQUARE...yeah I love this place! If you wanna be a fat kid w/ a greasy but absolutely delicious late night sandwhich...COME TO THIS PLACE! The staff is pretty rad and will def turn you on to the perfect sub for you no matter if its hot/cold. I had the Philly which was AMAZING and the perfect remedy for falling asleep in the movie theatre while being forced to watch Harry Potter. The fries will probably give you a heart attack if you eat them more than twice a month (be sure to get the bacon, sour cream, jalapenoes), but you will find yourself craving them at the weirdest of times (last for me was during a staff mtg at work...lol). Def signs of a GREAT little local spot!
3	Just "aight." As I was eating my food here I thought to myself that I would really love eating here fresh off the slopes and ready for a meal, so the first location in Aspen makes a ton of sense. The knocks:- The service was off putting. The cashier had a snooty vibe and gave off  sort of a "oh, great. more people. ugh, what do YOU want?" sneer. My sister went up first and ordered a special that was written on a white board, which he quickly snapped they were out of. Disappointed, my sister quickly looked over the board for an alternative and, as she was about to ask for a suggestion, she realized the cashier had already walked away as if her indecision was such the inconvenience to him. Granted, this would be understandable if they were packed, but our group was the only one in line and they weren't all that busy (as evidenced by how quickly our sandwiches came out).- The seating only works if you plan on ordering take out or dining solo. The bulk of the space is a long counter around the wall surrounded by benches. One of our friends sat facing a post and ate his entire meal starting at it for lack of an alternative. - The sandwiches are tasty, but leave a lot to be desired in the meat department. It's a bit scarce here. The wins:- The fries, although not the greatest, come in a giant brown paper bag and are certainly worth their price. - The chips- flavored or unflavored- come in the same sized brown paper bag and are served freshly fried. You can tell because they don't achieve full crispiness until they cook off completely but, when they do, they're simply fantastic and addictive. If anything makes me come back, it'll be a craving for their chips. Otherwise, it was nice trying food from a place with only two locations, but I'm good with the first go 'round.
4	Came here one Friday night, after a long drive out to Vegas for a friend's wedding. It was amazing! My friend just spotted it amongst a slew of restaurants and it was such a great find!We ordered the Trucker sandwich, baked fries and a bag of their homemade chips and everything was amazing! But the best part was their homemade chips, straight from the fryer.Only down side, there was no where to sit down to eat, especially on a cold January night.Just wish they had one in LA!
4	So the reviews were split as far as service goes , but my hubby and I stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. We got there just before the lunch crowd around 11:45 , and there were only a few people there at that time. I mentioned Yelp and received our flavored citrus chili chips for FREE! Happy already , and then our food was out fast!  I ordered the Tahiti that came with Bacon, cream cheese , pineapple, ham, sprouts and mayo. It was very fresh and tasty. My better half ordered the Trucker with turkey , bacon , BBQ sauce, he said that he would order it again. The atmosphere is cool , we heard the never ending stairway to heaven , followed by some reggae. The place is small but I saw one couple choose to take their subs outside to enjoy the weather at Town square. The place is filled with various and yet funny photo's of the owners and different places. I love their Subs and will be going back!
4	Johnny McGuire's is a small place that's hard to find.  If I had not had a coupon for the place I probably would have given up trying to find it inside the Town Square mall.  I'm glad I did not give up.  Their sandwicheswere delicious.  Both the bread and cold cuts were extremely fresh.Service was good too.  Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely return.
3	This place deserves a "KEWL" rating. I don't know that I'm a "fan" as I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to drive to TS for a sandwich... but if I'm down there and want a sandwich I'll go back. It definitely rates 3.5 stars in my book. Definitely Better than Subway ... But I'm not sure I like it better than Capriotti's. Love the names of the sandwiches... original and kitch-y. Lots of options and you can build your own which I just didn't have the brain power for as I was taken with all the cool names and options as it was. (And I didn't think standing there for 20 minutes while I figured out what I wanted on my sandwich was a good idea when there were already a bunch to choose from.) Anyways....I ordered the Johnny and the T-Bone to go... in about 10 minutes I was on my way. Oh... and I got a Pickle.  ($17 for 2 sandwiches and a pickle... kinda pricey for a sandwich shop, I think.)The sandwiches were good. The bread was fresh and light... not heavy like some sandwich places. The "insides" were good but maybe it was my selections... I wasn't "totally in love with it". The cream cheese on the Johnny seemed like a good idea... but it just didn't seem to add the right flavor ... and they slathered it on rather thick (for me anyways). The bacon seemed "stale" and the lettuce was dry. I did like that it had sprouts... not many places offer this option and I love it as sprouts are crunchy and IMO super healthy. The pickle was $2 and it was really good. Crunchy and not overly vinegar-y or salty. It was big enough to share. The place is small so I imagine it can get packed and stacked pretty fast in there. Thankfully it wasn't super busy when I walked in at 12:25pm.... Service was good, can't complain but then it wasn't anything special either. I do think to give this place a better review I need to go back again and try their hot sandwiches.
4	I've been here twice now and the first time I came I had too much booz too fully apperciate their "Captain Hashbrown" breakfast burrito.. Well, I came again, sober this time, before catching a flick at the Rave theater.The Captain Hashbrown comes with hash browns, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion, green bell pepper, and egg. Sounds typical except for the onion and green bell pepper (which gives it a little depth and taste much better, as for typical breakfast burritos). But there are 2 key things that make me a fan1. The egg was cooked like a scrambled egg pancake But  the yolk wasn't cooked through (not runny yolk). This little detail was Brilliant!!2. I don't know if its the oil or seasoning of the hashbrowns, onions, green peppers but it has a certain goodness to it.. Again, that something brings it another step away from the norm.. Yum!The "Captain Hashbrown" to the Rescue!! This thing has my vote for sure!
4	The first great weekend of weather in Vegas for 2011 lead us to head down to Town Square for a bite to eat and some fun at the park afterwards. We chose to hit up Johnny McGuire's because we had purchased a deal from Living Social a few months back. We were not sure what to expect but we couldn't have asked for anything better. We had the Teriyaki Philly and the B-220 and both of them were superb. The boys had the kids Ham & Cheese with all the fixings and they loved the sandwiches with the extra pepporcinis. The regular fries in the brown paper sack are out of this world. The seasoning is perfect and like the manager said "they truly are the best fries in Vegas". We also ordered a 2nd order of "baked fries" which were kicked up by adding shredded cheddar and real bacon which were perfect. I loved the attitude of the staff and thought the service was quick and efficient even though they got swamped just as we got there with some type of large obnoxious family after church. We WILL be back in the future. .
3	10am in town square this place is the only thing open.Service, greeting a customer or a hello, I don't think so!Place is clean, fairly priced for area and food was ok.
5	The best food @ town square. Love the "CB in Paradise".  Super friendly staff.
5	Best food in Vegas. Want real food without tons of chemicals with great flavor this is the place. Thanks for the awesome food on our trip!!!!
3	I tried Johnny's for lunch today...had the Free Iron Willy as combo with sea salt chips and soda. My tab totaled $10.80 which I consider to be average for quality and amount of food. I found the soda machine to be awkwardly positioned in the corner but liked the counter/stools facing the windows. Lastly, it is 64 degrees outside and the have air conditioning blowing so hard you would think it was 105 degrees...c'mon Berkman, Johnny, someone turn the air down so customers can enjoy their sandwich.
4	This place has been one my favorite spots to eat at Town Square since it opened. Good food, good vibe, and good music playing for the most part. I ate there yesterday and they had Sisqo's "Thong Song" playing. I don't think you can top that...
4	Mmmm, what can I say...a sub made right to satisfy a king or queen. I've been here a couple times back and forth, and the sandwich that never stops ceasing to amaze me is the Olympian sandwich. It's pastrami smashed with corned beef and turkey, smothered with melted cheese and a creamy dripping, crunchy coleslaw with green peppers that tap dances on your tongue along the road to the Olympian gates of heaven! I just love how their sandwiches are served in bigger portions, it's like a never ending bite that still leaves you wanting more.I have yet to try their homemade chips, but from what I hear it's spectacular. Just a whiff of their seasoning does make my stomach growl, at the chance of taking a bite.  I did however try their fries. It's greasy and served made to order. I got the hot tapas, and quite frankly I wasn't impressed.  I took one bite and my mouth was on fire, those jalepnos are spicy, that it almost killed my taste buds. Although I was very fond of their fries topped with bacon and cheese. It goes to show you that anything with bacon, is very much desirable. All in all, this place is B-O-M-B! The people are super nice, and your food comes out within the 5, mins regardless of how busy they are. On top of that the preparation of the sub is in tact. The sandwich is served quickly before it can ever sog or break a part. Visit this place if you can, it definitely hits the spot!
3	I found this place via Groupon. I am a bit of a sandwhich person, so I was really looking forward to going!I am glad we went because this is how I discovered Town Square even existed. But, Johnny McGuire's was the only reason we were going, and we had to park pretty far, and then walk pretty far, just to get these sandwhiches. So, that part I didn't like.I thought their menu selections were great, and their service was good. The food was ready pretty quickly, and it was tasty, but I felt like there wasn't really a good meat to bread ratio overall.I had a classic pastrami sandwhich & my husband had a roast beef. The fries were 'homemade" chips.I would eat here again if I was at Town Square, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go. Overall, I would give it a B- rating. Good, but not great.
5	The more I visit Johnny McGuire's, the more I like it. The most addictive thing on the menu is the Baked Fries, which is a $4.50 mound of delicious fresh-cut french fries cooked in peanut oil, topped with cheddar and bacon (real bacon, mind you, not bacon bits), and tossed into the oven - then smothered in sour cream and green onions. It's totally potato skins in french fry format. Bring a knife to this gunfight. A fork too.Most of their sandwiches that I've tried have been pretty good too. They start, as all great sandwiches do, with quality bread - in this case a soft, chewy sub roll that's the perfect accompaniment to the things stuffed inside. My favorite sandwiches so far have included the Bearcat, Free Iron Willy, Trucker, 220-B and Ranch Hand. Wow, I realized that all of those sandwiches have turkey on them. Guess I'm showing my bias.Other things I love about this place are the house-made potato chips and their frequent promos for us social media savvy types. Passwords, Foursquare and Yelp offers, lots of ways to stretch your dollar here.
3	I didn't realize there was a convenient sandwich shop in the middle of Town Square besides from Yardhouse, Cadillac Ranch, and Lolita's you could go to without having to dress up and sit down at something fancy. I didn't know this place existed until my friends dragged me up there before a movie (the entrance is obscured from being in the front as it is located behind the elevators, thus well hidden!) Tried the Ranch Hand sandwich, which might I add wasn't entirely bad considering the sauces they put on them for flavor (ranchacado sauce is a really nice blend!) Keep in mind their portions are HUGE! I ordered the 6 inch (you have your pick between 6, 8, and 12), and I still felt like the 6 inch was filling enough; I had to split with one of my friends, but then again that's probably just me with portion sizes. ;) The grilled turkey wasn't overly dry, and the cheddar had that nice sharp taste to it. They are also well renowned for their gigantic pickles, which was the first reason my friend dragged me there in the first place.Prep time didn't take long at all, and the place was virtually empty the night we went in. Johnny's overlooks the movie theater and the courtyard in between all the major bar and restaurants, so its a good place to keep perched to people watch and spy on your friends. Might I add they also have classic video games such as pac-man, frogger, and donkey kong in there as well?
4	Went here for lunch to day with my two kids and cousin.  Food was good and came out fast.
4	RATING: I would rate this place a 3.5!WHERE: In Town Square, right next to Blue Martini!WHY: Sandwiches are for OLYMPIANS (ie. There is a sandwich called the olympian), haha.WHAT: So with all the times I have been to Town Square, my family and I decided we were hungry right after we got out of a movie! We debated as to where we would eat and try out, and one of my cousins recommended this place! I'm glad he did, because I this would make it my first time, and I love trying new places! =DI had the Naked Evader sandwich!! This sandwich included grilled pastrami, swiss cheese, and veggies!! It is usually made with mustard, but instead of mustard I wanted to sub it for mayo. So, the downside to this story was I didn't get my order to my liking! BOO! The worker who was taking my order also didn't ask me what size sandwich I wanted! The service was a little closer toward the negative sign.Overall, this place was just goo- not great. It was roughly about $10 for a sandwich, a little pricier than normal. The sandwiches weren't as meaty as I would have expected either.*NOTE: If you do decide that you love the place, if you purchase any of their apparel (shirts are $15, beanies are $12) and wear it, you get 25% off your entire order!
4	One of the best sandwich joints in Vegas.  Friendly, efficient staff serving great food with regular offers and bonues via foursquare.  Make sure to check-in before ordering.I highly recommend the Trucker, but only if youre hungry.P.S. The fries are better than the chips!
3	This place is pretty decent.  I was expecting the restaurant area to be bigger, but I guess not.  The burger was good, but I HATE a burger that is made with a bun that falls apart.  The sandwich was pretty decent.  The sourdough was tasty, but maybe a little too thick.  The fries were good.  So overall it's not a bad place to patronize.
5	Hands down, best sandwich place in Vegas. Sandwiches are great, the potato chips, everything is fantastic. nice workers, nice atmosphere, thumbs up. go here for great food.
5	Hands down, the best sandwich shop in Las Vegas, despite the fact that its inside Town Square (we really need one in the southwest part of town...please!). The Ranch Hand is absolutely delicious, every single time. The ham portion is slightly grilled, and it is fiilled with crunchy peppers, slathered with avocado-ranch sauce, julienned lettuce, and cheese. You must try it! I also emjoy their "baked" fries, which are the perfect meal if you are not watching your diet at all. Their fresh fried potatoe chips are delicious as well, and I particularly like their spicy citrus version. They are tangy and a bit spicy...delicious! Make sure to ask for their salsa at the counter, as it is a perfect compliment to their sandwiches and fries.
3	Love the fresh chips, sandwiches are so so. Went because of a $25 groupon and we tried 3 sandwiches - Olympian, teri philly cheesesteak, free iron willy. All of the sandwiches were generous with meat, veggies seem really fresh, bread is ok similar to subway. Pay attn to whether your sandwich has an asterisk, because it'll automatically come fully dressed (pepperocinis, oil, vinegar, etc) even if only certain veggies are specified in the description. No clue why. Teri philly had absolutely no teriyaki taste at all. The name was written on the wrapper, but maybe he forgot the sauce? Definitely not the best Philly I've ever had, so pass. We did take out and bottom bread was soaked by the time we got home. Olympian was piled with meat, I liked the crunchy slaw. But taste was also mediocre. I got the free iron willy w provolone instead of Swiss, that was the best sandwich of the bunch. I like that the avocado was a chunky spread vs sliced, made it easier to eat. I'd stick to the cold sandwiches if you're here due to the fresh ingredients. Add only $2.50 to get a combo w drink and chips, totally worth it - citrus chili was so good. Also one of the few places that has fountain diet dr pepper, awesome because it does taste more like regular dr pepper.
4	Delicious sandwiches. I've been here a few times and got a different sandwich every time (Italian, Bearcat, Trucker, Philly Cheesesteak)...I can't say a bad thing about any of them. I Love! their homemade potato chips...much better seasoned, BBQ is really good. I was cold enough in the winter to try their soup...it was Cheeseburger Soup! It was really good, feel like it needed tomatoes, besides that, tasted like a cheeseburger.Always get good service, friendly staff. Love the decor, random stickers and ads, take chalk in the bathroom with you so you can leave the next user a message. Wish the place was a bit bigger, seats go quick sometimes. I had trouble checking in when I was there, apparently I wasn't close enough when I was standing at the counter?? Oh well, still got my free chips though!
5	Give me an Olympian and homemade pepper chips and I'm a happy girl!!  Okay... give me any sandwich & any chips OR fries & I'm a happy girl!!  Great place to go before a movie, happy hour, shopping... really, any Town Square outing!!
2	Their chips and fries are good.  We could've had more to choose from if the menus were all in the same spot.  One is by the door, the other is behind the counter.  Where one would figure a menu should be.  It was our first time there so we ordered.  Then saw a hotdog,...asked the girl at the counter where it was on the menu, and she said it was behind us.  Hmmm... of course the menu would be behind us.Also, when we were there, there was no ice.  I asked the girl if there it just needed to be refilled, but she said just to wait until it makes more ice.  What the heck???Cashiers could be a little friendlier.
3	Decided to check out this sandwich shop since I had a groupon for two 8' subs and fries, a $20 value.  We ate at the location in order to get a feel for it. It has stickers, event fliers, and a west coast feel to it. There is a bar you can sit at over looking town square and rave motion theater. It was slightly clean but they were out of napkins at the bars, and many sodas at the soda fountain. McGuire's only serves Pepsi products for those who love their sodas! But it was also freezing inside!Perhaps I went the wrong day but our sandwiches were mediocre. They lacked meat and where more about the big bread and sauces. We ordered a Reuben and Philly Cheese Steak. I dont think my corn beef was well cooked and the first fry I tried was cold and a bit raw. I think they put pepper on the fries which is an interested twist but the fries would have been great if they would have been warm and not super greasy. I'll try it again and give it a second chance. But so far, the mall serves better Philly cheese steaks and I'm still in search for the best Reuben sandwich in Vegas. Maybe next time it'll be better.
3	This is the closest to Waffle House in the south...THE PERFECT DRUNK FOOD!
3	Food is good.  Staff is too-cool-for-school.
2	So we came in for a quick bite before our movie.  I was a bit hesitant, but it's right in front of the theather, and we were hungry.  I had the Reuben and chips.  The food was pretty good.  The service STILL SUCKS!!!!!  For the girl with the nose piercings, put a damn smile on your face!!!  Believe it or not, a simple smile, could make the place, slightly,... SLIGHTLY friendlier!  It might actually make people want to come in because of the service!
4	FREE IRON WILLY ALL THE WAY!What am I talking about? I'll tell you! It's ONLY THE BEST SANDWICH ON THE MENU!Ok ok, it's actually the only sandwich I had on the menu, but I really enjoyed it to death. There are three sizes of sandwiches, the Skinny (just say no), Regular (ok), and the Fatty (this is recommended, as it's the best deal and you can always take home half of it). The Free Iron Willy has turkey, bacon, swiss, avocado, and sprouts. It's super filling, pretty healthy, and you just keep wanting to eat more. The fries are also amazing. They're cut by hand and sitting at the bar, you can see your fries go from potato form, into hot sizzling oil, to a pan where it is seasoned and shaken, to your plate. Yes!Knocking off a star just because the staff seemed a little out of it. We had to ask for updates for our food (you'd think they'd feel more pressure since we were sitting at the bar). Oh well.
5	Pastrami. Pastrami. Pastrami.Johnny McGuire's has only a couple of locations (literally, 2) so I feel uber fortunate to live near one. It's all about the meat. This is how people do sandwiches when they make sandwiches their life! I only get hot sammies. Something about the way it all melts together when hot and pressed makes me abhor the idea of cold ingredients on that bread. Save it for Subway! As you know by now, I'm a fan of the pastrami. It's cut to a perfect thickness, piled high, and bursting with hot juice at every bite. Work of art, it is! The Zesty Ranchacado sauce makes the Ranch Hand an excellent choice as well. My man likes the 220-B and anything else with triple proteins and no veggies. ;)I would get a pastrami sandwich, another kind of meat sandwich for your friend, and split a bag of their chips as well. You must....have the chips. I've compared them to an addictive drug. I ask to add both the BBQ and ranch seasoning in my bag and get Zesty Ranchacado sauce on the side for dipping. That's right. Mama knows what she's doing.I never take this sandwich to go because part of the enjoyment is being perched on a stool at the counter, staring out the window at Town Square, and listening to Johnny's exquisite indie music selection. It's a fun afternoon to people watch over sandwiches and chips and then walk across to a movie at Rave.A noticeable con here is the staff isn't friendly. I've felt "warmly greeted" maybe once in all my visits. But the sandwiches and chips are SO good, I won't even take away a star. With pastrami like that, no one can bring me down!
4	Big sandwiches, generous amount of meat, fresh veggies, great fries, refillable soda, reasonable prices, absolutely no complaints and will look forward to another visit the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	First of all I don't even like sandwiches...and oddly enough i've been here twice...and it's off the strip....and I live in LA.I wanted corned beef and i was going to do the create your own sandwich option but then I thought  "hey, these guys probably know how to make a better sandwich then me!"  So i ordered the Manhattan which was corned beef with thousand island, red cabbage, cole slaw and some other stuff. It was quite good...and i especially liked the fact that i would never have chosen the ingredients they used yet i ended up really liking it
4	I don't know if our neverending search for the ultimate sandwich shop in the valley has finally come to a halt, or just been temporarily postponed... But what I do know is, Johnny Mc's makes a mean contender. Hubby first ate here a few weeks ago, and without my input, he didn't think it would be fair to Yelp it with just half an opinion (yes we do count both our opinions as one...dorky I know). Anyway, got a couple sammies to go today, and I finally got to see what all the late nighter's always rave about. LEGIT!I ordered the Buddah, and Hubby got the 220-B (however we are going to consider his first trip in this one too, whereupon he met the Olympian face to face). We also got an order of Ranch and Black Pepper chips, one of which was free thanks to Yelp, yay Yelp!!The Buddah was sublime! Could have had a bit more Curry Mayo, but the freshness of the ingredients was, in my half of the opinion, unparalelled to most cold subs I've had in the Vegas valley. Sprouts and sunflower seeds were an unusual and VERY welcome addition that made this simple turkey and swiss sammie refreshingly superb.
1	14 bucks for a meatball hero. Unreal. Walked out with my hands over my head....completely robbed. Place sucks.
4	This place used to be amazing. I came about once a week for nearly 6 months. Always the freshest ingredients and unique sub choices.  The past 3 times I have came its not as good.  Don't know if the management or employees have changed but its just not up to par. The sandwiches are sloppily made. All 3 times I got brown avocado instead of green. Also they were out of banana peppers or jalapenos everytime. For me this is key to a good sub.  Still a 4 star joint cause of the uniqueness and its gotta just be a matter of time till they get it together again. I say give it a shot if you are in for a casual lunch with unique selection of subs.****UPDATE**** The owner contacted me directly. Apologized for the poor experience. Then invited me to come back for another meal. All the problems had been remedied and the food was better than ever. Glad they keep on top of everything. Great food, Great Owners.
4	The Mr. and I can engage in an impassioned debate about many things, politics, art, fitness routines, among others.  Most of the time, we share the same views about what really matters, food, and Johnny McGuire's is our unanimous Town Square quick dining go-to.  I'm super picky with American sandwiches, why, I'll freely admit to ya any day that I'm a Banh Mi bitch, proud of it.  But Johnny McGuire's gets me.  Made-to-order sandwiches that boast a generous amount of high-quality meats and yummy toppings.  They don't cook the meats till you order it, so expect a slightly longer wait time than most sandwich joints, if you want to eat better that is.220-B and Naked Evader are among the Mr.'s favorites.  I absolutely depend on the El Buey, grilled steak with avocado, onions, peppers, and jalapenos.  It is a perfect combination of the four things I look for but seldom find in non-Vietnamese sandwiches: hot, sour, salty, and sweet.  The Mr. loves their whole pickles, and he always gets one.  I always get their homemade chips, also made-to-order, a detriment to your waistline, but worth every added inch.Atmosphere is minimal, but it's a cute vibe with all the vintage game machines.  And honey, once you eat their sandwiches, you won't have brain capacity to think about that anyways.
4	I work in Town Square so I get this for lunch pretty regularly.  Delivery is less than 10 minutes sometimes and the food is generally very good.  However, later in the day the avocado is always brown.  So i just don't get avocado anymore.
2	Below average food at above average prices. This is the kind of boring sandwiches you can get anywhere. Aside from the urban/hipster graffiti/sticker/license plate covered interior, there isn't much that's unique.The steak on the Marley sandwich was like the sliced roast beef you can get at any deli. The BBQ sauce that covered it was too sweet for its own good and the bread was dry and crumbly.My wife got a sandwich that was equally forgettable. We shared a bag of fries, which were decent, but oily enough to soak through the paper bag.There are no tables just counter seating along the windows that overlook the movie theater at Town Square. It's a pretty cool and cozy space. Unfortunately, that's the best thing going for this sandwich shop.
3	Get the 220-B. Fresh chips are really special. A/C is blasting, but better than the heat outside!  The sandwiches are good, but honestly not great.  The bread was a bit dry.
1	Bummer. I was just there a month ago and had a good sandwich. Stopped by Friday 7/27 and the place is closed with paper over all the windows.
5	So is Johnny McGuires closed or is it not?  I guess I'll have to cruise by and check it out for myself.  I've tasted their fine sandwiches  but not in house...they sent out a food truck to First Friday this past weekend.  Maybe I was in the wrong area, but the amount and quality of food vendors at FF was a little disappointing.  Fortunately, my group stumbled upon the Johnny Macquires truck.  I was hesistant at first.  The menu looked like a solid deli but you never can tell, especially when stuff is  being prep'd on a truck.I waited for my wife and a few others to order so I could get a look and steal a bite.  It only took one bite of the 220-B for me to decide I was in.  I went with the Olympian myself and have to say it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in awhile.  The price vs. portion ration was fine I thought considering other options were deep friend this or that for the same price around the way.  The bread was soft and fresh, cheese gooey, and the corned beer and pastrami was not too fatty.  The only bad part about the sandwich is that after eating it I wanted to just curl up into a ball and take a nap.  My wife loved her 220-B and if the non-mobile location is still open I think we will be paying them a visit very soon.-Side note - the chips were hit or miss.  I didn't order them but some were crunchy and some were very soggy.  Not sure if this was a product of being made on the truck or what.  Either way they were fresh and the crunchy ones were good.
2	This will be a review on three counts; I have been to this location far more than three times, and I cannot fathom it being CLOSED since it was bustling not too long ago, but I will have to see the next time I am at Town Square seeing a film at Rave. Actually, I hypothesize that this is not closing but the location is changing, just like a lot of the Yelp entries that show as 'closed' when they have just changed locations. On Tropicana/Fort Apache, or S of the intersection a block or so, by Sweet Addiction, there is a storefront with a Johnny McGuire coming soon placard.  Review for location: Very convenient if you are going to Rave, which is one of the premier movie theatres in Las Vegas (others being Brenden @ Palms and Village Square in Summerlin [some arthouse films shown]). Food is decent, not extraordinary (Veggie sub was godawful the one time I tried some from my girlfriend's), but certainly a bit over*priced. Basically, the correct price for it is the Groupon voucher price you might be able to score every now and then. It really is not deserving of two stars because their sandwiches are tasty (some of them), but ....Review for their Coachella Music & Arts Festival booth (ON-SITE CAMPING, not inside festival):Most piece of shit, waste of money, horrid, inedible, over*priced 'food' I have ever had at any festival in my entire life. And I go to a lot of festivals. I had a 'breakfast burrito' and was expecting whatever-it-was-that-they-charged worth of food (6-8$ maybe) and instead got something like a Jr breakfast burrito from Sonic's (costs like 1.29$) or perhaps smaller and about 60% less tasty. I remember vividly that it was Johnny McGuire's booth because we went to it because of the experiences we had with it n Vegas and because I thought maybe they can whip up a sub (it was like 11A). I thought wrong. Review for Johnny McGuire's two foot long sub challenge:Don't do it unless you are a PROFESSIONAL COMPETITIVE EATER. It is a rip-off, for sure. It is not two feet of sub you normally buy, but a ridiculously constructed, unevenly prepared (oh hey, I just hit  the spot with 1000 calories worth of mayonnaise; sweet, give me three seconds while I use meditation to make sure I can not die right here on the spot from cardiac arrest because you hid a mine in my fucking sub) mess of shit. Why do they do this? Oh, well, you see the challenge is as follows: you challenge and if you eat it all in a certain amount of time, it is free. But if you cannot finish it, you pay double. And everyone besides Pros pay double, because it is not a fucking normal sub. Give me two feet of tuna fish minus mayo like that one dude on the Challenge Winners plague (before they started mining the fucking subs) and I would finish it easily. Don't mine my sub and I might have a chance, or let me know before I challenge that you will fuck with my sub and I will plan accordingly (take a challenge elsewhere, where they are fair). You've been warned. - E
3	Foods okay. The chips were cooked there and its kinda quiet inside and not busy at all when I came on a Thursday's at 330 pm. I did a Togo order ...and order a salad ....and when I finally went to eat my salad ...they did not put a fork in there.....I was to far to go back....Was upset about that ...and the atmosphere was down ....the sandwich guy looked mad.... and the girl at the register was a little sad ...like she didn't want to be there.....this was my experience when I went.... Wow it's been sitting in rough draft for 1 or 2 years.... I wonder if it's still there and if so.... Is it the same ?
