5	Had my Iphone 5 On/Off power switch fixed/replaced  by Giovanni,  was in and out in less then 40 mins. The price was excellent compared to other stores. TV and sitting area available to accommodate for those who want to wait for there phone to be fixed. Free Water from dispenser also there. This is the place to go. Highly Recommend Asset to the cell phone Technicians. Will share the word about how well you guys are. Will come again Many mahalos!!!!
5	Had my Iphone 5 On/Off power switch fixed/replaced  by Giovanni,  was in and out in less then 40 mins. The price was excellent compared to other stores. TV and sitting area available to accommodate for those who want to wait for there phone to be fixed. Free Water from dispenser also there. This is the place to go. Highly Recommend Asset to the cell phone Technicians. Will share the word about how well you guys are..Many mahalos!!!!
5	Great place. Speaker was busted on my wife's phone and they were able to fix it in 15 min. Highly recommended and they are cheaper than all the other places I called.
1	Only gave 1 star because zero wasn't an option.   Avoid this place like the plague!!!!  Run don't stop!!!!  Dropped my phone off due to water damage on a Monday, was told it would take 4-6 hours.  Needless to say after numerous calls was told it wasn't repairable on Thursday.  Picked up the phone and brought it to another technician; he open the phone and showed me all the pieces that they stole and also that they never removed the logic board to water treat because the factory protective tab was still in place!  Stay FAR FAR away!!!!!!
5	These guys were great! I my older iPhone got damaged and the batteries were bad also. So I bought a refurbished upgraded faster one for $90.00 from them. They also were able to transfer my photos from my older disconnected Motorola. I highly recommend them.
5	Came to buy a battery to change on my phone,  took it and for some reason it wasnt working properly ( think i messed it up) but i came back told him the problem and he awitched it for me with no hassle, came in handed it to him and out the door few mins, now battery is working again! Stop by and see jovani or von for fast easy help. They have news playing in the waiting area you can ask them to change the channel if you like. Magazines on the table and a chess board to play with too.. will definitely bring business again for anything i need. It is in a location very easy to find, hard to miss the big iphone repair sign, also place to eat right next door so if you want to grab a bite while you wait
