4	Wow, this place has such an eclectic mix of furniture!  Out front they had a crazy red chaise lounge with gold emblems all over it, inside there is a 12 foot long spanish style dining table and a contemporary/modern bed frame.  There is literally something for everyone here.  The best part is that everything is totally affordable and their prices are really low.  I've been to thrift stores that charge more than they do here!  There were a lot of things in here that I wanted to buy but I don't have any more room in my house.  This is really a great consignment store with lots of high quality well priced pieces.  Definitely give it a try!
4	I was totally surprised last weekend when I drove by this corner and saw a new consignment store where a clothing boutique used to be.  I always love consignment (when affordable) so I made sure we went when we had a chance.  Some of the things in here are amazing.  While most of it isn't exactly my style, there are some real bargains hiding in here.  Way cheaper than the places on 7th Ave!  If you are looking for antique/used quality furniture, you should definitely stop by here.
2	After reading the below reviews, I was excited to visit and check out the screaming deals. Yawn :0 Yes - there were a couple of out of the ordinary items but 90% of the stock was common and over priced. The sales staff was invisible. The merchandise, though clean and of good condition, was mostly over-priced and run of the mill to conservative. A good place to scope out when you are in the area but nothing worthy of a special strip to 7th Avenue.
4	Lots of interesting furniture pieces, good prices, and super sweet people.  My experience at Peaceful Soul was, by far, the best I've had in a furnishings store.  I look forward to going back and seeing what treasures can be found!  I highly recommend them.
5	I love second hand places like this.  Its hard to find a good local shop that carries a great variety of furniture.  Im always on the hunt for stuff, weather its a lamp or something else good for the apartment.I really liked the variety that they had here.  Lamps, couches, bedroom furniture, paintings, and a bunch of other stuff.  Great variety. I actually got to meet the owners, who helped me look around when I got in.  They are super nice people, and run a great store.  I really recommend stopping in and checking this place out!
5	My mom and I were lured into this place by these gorgeous bar stools sitting outside. I loved everything in here, of course there are a few wacky exceptions but as we walked around it was obvious that whoever is purchasing items for this store has an eye for style. The sales staff was great, very friendly and engaging but not the type to follow us around in an annoying way. They were knowledgeable about the pieces they had in the store. Which is refreshing because in some second hand stores there's a lot of "I don't know" and "I'm not sure." Neither one of us left empty handed. Mom bought a huge rooster for her kitchen. As for me I got a beautiful, unique china hutch that makes me smile each time I look at it. I'm so glad I've held off on buying one because I haven't seen anything compares to the one I got from Peaceful Soul.
4	No longer in business.
