5	I have sent three kids to Desert Dawn and it is truly a special place! Caring teachers who have been there forever, great curriculum and fun activities. Plus I Iove the garden, goats and chickens!
5	This is an amazing school! My son started at Desert Dawn a year ago when he was 20 months old.  We had tried two other local daycare/preschools in the area and I just wasn't comfortable with the level of care he was receiving at those.  I thought we'd never find the right place.  Then I happened upon Desert Dawn and was immediately at ease and knew it was the right place for my son. He has grown and learned so much while in the bunny class and is SO excited to go to school everyday.  His teachers are wonderful and even the teachers from the other classes call my son by name when they see him.  I love the environment of this school, I could not be happier with our choice!!
5	This school is amazing. My daughter loves it here & I recommend it to all my friends. They have the most loving staff & the curriculum even for the 2 year olds is great. It has such a warm family feel. The school has a huge outside area with jungle gym, etc that my daughter loves & a big garden where each of the children have their own area to plant. Not to mention goats for the kids to pet. This is a true school for learning where the kids get a lot of interaction. This is NOT a daycare. Desert Dawn & it's staff are the best!
5	We started Desert Dawn 4 years ago and it was the most wonderful experience for my son, his now kindergarten teacher is impressed, now my 18 month old goes here, all the teachers and staff are amazing, loving and caring. They know every kid by name and the kids feel like they are part of a big family. The kids love the huge playground, learn about gardening and caring for animals. They often have fun things for the kids, magic shows, balloon show, Halloween & Christmas parties with face painting and a lot more fun events.I know some families who left and a few months later are back, others let their kids enjoy being kids one more year and stay at desert dawn.Some teachers have been at desert dawn for years and you can tell they love what they do. Ask for a tour and you will want to be a kid again to have the same experience!!
