4	The Prana flow class that Aubree teaches ( sat/sun/wed) is hands down the best yoga class in Madison! I have been to most of the yoga studios in town in search of my favorite class.. and this is it! Aubree is a very seasoned teacher, always looking out for the best interest of the student- and I feel very safe and comfortable in her class trying new poses- like my first headstand yesterday!  Plus, her Prana class is very  energizing - and each class is different- but just predictable enough- that I know I will walk out feeling revived and renewed!
5	My favorite yoga studio in Madison.This low-key place doesn't have any mirrors, which is one of the things that keeps me coming back. I've never perceived any attitude or ego here, either. The instructors are friendly and approachable, and they want you to enjoy the class. I always leave feeling great -- and kicking myself in the butt for not going more often.
5	I'm a Yoga newbie. Well, sort of. See, I have a few Yoga DVDs that I use from time-to-time (DDP Power Yoga), and my employer offers twice-weekly "Yoga-like" classes that I do, so I know the difference from a downward dog and a warrior pose, but beyond that, and... yeah, I'm a newbie.Well, my girlfriend is quite into Yoga. So much that she works a few shifts here so that she can take classes when she'd like to. She encouraged me to sign-up for a trial pass, and to check-out some of the classes as offered. I did, and am extremely glad that I did. + Very relaxed, welcoming atmosphere - no pressure, just a peaceful environment+ You can book classes online, which makes for effortless check-ins+ They have loaner mats, blocks, straps, and other items for use+ There's a small changing room just off the entryway+ The studios are huge and very open, yet warm and inviting+ Complimentary alkaline water+ The instructors are superb - I've taken classes with Marina, Kevin, and Aubree and have enjoyed every one of them. + The smallest class I've taken had 3 people+ The largest class had 8 people+ Regardless of size, the instructors have given proper attention and guidance, while working to make everyone feel comfortable- Yin Yoga is *incredibly* challenging, despite being a study in motionless. Holy cats... I stretched in ways I didn't think that I could; Marina helped me learn the proper poses, and offered tricks to calm the mind+ Kevin's classes are simply amazing - his presence is unreal. I feel like I could learn a ton from him, not only about Yoga but life studies, in generalSo... all said - whether you're just thinking about trying yoga, or are a certified Yogi, I'd check this place out. I've tried a few other Yoga studios around Madison; none have felt as genuine and welcoming as this one does.
5	Jewel in the Lotus Yoga was my first yoga experience in Madison. It remains my yoga home. The studio space is warm, intimate, whimsical, colorful and bright. The vibe is low key, laid back and very welcoming. Don't come expecting a polished, bland, corporate type of yoga environment where they shuttle you in and out like you're on a conveyor belt. Do come expecting a unique, creative, knowledgably guided class every time. Owner Aubree Saia is the real deal, deeply committed, constantly growing in her mastery, and a frequent collaborator with Shiva Rea and other yoga luminaries. Do check out Keith Borden's Vinyasa classes, they simply don't get any better. Formerly of the Laughing Lotus in San Francisco, Keith's background in music, dance, theology, and physical therapy studies all interact to provide a body and soul satisfying good time.
