5	I had my ZCoil since 2008, and it still going strong. In 2003 and 2004, I had surgery on my feet, due to my feet growing like a web feet and being flat footed. My right foot broke in 3 different places where I ended up having 10 screws in my right foot. My left foot, was on the urge of breaking, but was caught in time, and only need 4 screws. Those two years, were very unhappy years in my life. Being a Casino Dealer during that time, it was really stressful on my feet. Coming home every day with aching feet. Icing them almost every night, and doing it all over again the next day. It was a horrendous feeling, the first 5 years, of my dealing career. I moved to Las Vegas in 2007, and I saw ZCoil advertised on TV, newspaper ad magazines. I decided to give them a try and see how it all works back in January 2008. Lauren, who owns the shop, was very nice, helpful and understanding of my needs for good footwear, she was awesome.  At that time it cost around $250 and of course, I was skeptical at first. But after having them for nearly 3 years, it still looks good, it still in decent shape, and I feel great every day wearing them. Thinking about it, having the same shoes for nearly 3 years, is basically worth the money. The coils itself, if they ever break, they are lifetime warranty, so you can go get them changed if they ever break, but they rarely break.    After my first five years of being a casino dealer, I had my thoughts of leaving, due to my feet and surgeries. But after ZCoil, I feel like, I can do a marathon in these shoes. They are great, and they made me think twice on leaving the casino business. I probably would recommend buying these shoes, if you stand on your feet for 8 hours a day. Even if you don't, if you want to straighten up your back, fix your posture, and have the blood flow circulate properly in your feet, this might be the shoes to look into.
5	I live in San Diego, not Las Vegas. I do own a few pair of ZCoil shoes, though. I was hoping to purchase another pair of Taos Clogs only to find out that ZCoil is going through some refit or whatever. "New & Improved". The 3 most dreaded words one can read on a beloved item.In my search I called Bouncz Shoez and spoke with Lauren. This wonderful woman went above and beyond trying to help me. Alas, neither she nor I were able to find a new pair in my size. Lauren did not stop at that, though. She informed me that my beloved, bedraggled ZCoils CAN be rehabbed! Thrilled is an understatement. Now, I have not sent my shoes off to her yet as we hope to be going to Vegas in the very near future and I am looking forward to meeting Ms. Lauren. If her actions (getting my shoes wearable again) are as good as her customer service, this woman is golden. I will be sure to update once my shoes are fixed.Lauren, Thank You for caring.btw, ZCoils are the best. They kept me walking when I was at a point that I thought I was going to be crippled. Well worth the money, they saved me.
5	Bouncz Shoez was everything I had hoped for and more. Ms. Lauren Neumann was as wonderful as I had come to believe by way of our phone conversations.We did get to go to Vegas and I took my 4 pair of ZCoils with. As promised, my bedraggled Taos clogs were mended, rehabbed, and polished. While they do not look brand new, it is darn close and they look 100% better than they did. Lauren also made my 2 pair of like-new-but-really-6-year-old sandals wearable! At last I can wear them! Last, but not least, my hikers were spiffed up, new insoles and re-lamination of the soles. Ms. Lauren Neumann of Bouncz Shoez has a life-long fan in me.p.s. I rated the price range as inexpensive but keep in mind that is for the REPAIRS ONLY. New shoes run $200+. Even at that, I find them to be well worth the money.
5	Brag brag brag....well let me tell you about this little store called BOUNCZ SHOEZ and a sales lady called C. Lauren Neumann. I was out walking on one of my random journeys and I stumbled upon this little shoe nook. Lauren was so delightful and helpful when I met here that I couldn't stop thinking about the store and swore I would come back when I had the money. Well I did and so very happy to be wearing a pair of  Freedom Fuchsia-Gray to do all my extensive walking....love love  love them!!! Thank you to C. Lauren Neumann!!!
