5	Jessica is the best aesthetician you will ever meet. She cares about your skin, and how you are treating yourself. If she makes sure it is as important to you as it is to her. All my facials or eyebrow appointments are so professional. Jess will work with you to make sure you are getting the kind of care and service you want. I have not tried a massage at Glow, but I would love to. I would start with an organic facial. They are so relaxing and refreshing.
5	Hair, skin, massage . . . I get it all done at Glow!  The atmosphere is warm and cozy, just like walking into a friend's living room which is not what you would expect when parking or walking through the rest of the business complex.  Everyone at Glow is super nice and helpful, they make me feel like more than just another customer!  They have a variety of services, great products, including an organic selection, and music DVDs playing while you wait (good ones!).  A few weeks ago was their Customer Appreciation Party.  I stopped in to say hello and take advantage of the 15% off for the day.  There was wine, snacks, and a full house of customers and staff chatting like it was a gathering of good friends.  (Are you seeing a theme?)I highly recommend making an appointment; I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I recently found Glow for waxing and skin services. What impressed me the most was the knowledge and expertise that Jessica has..she is a great aesthetician that was able to answer all of my "why" questions.  I won't be driving to Scottsdale anymore!
3	Whenever I want to get waxing services done, I normally go to Tempe, however I was feeling lazy and wanted to stay local. Based on the reviews here on Yelp I wanted to give Glow a shot, after all it is only a 5 minute drive from my house!So my review is based on three categories: Customer service, experience, and presentation/appearance.Presentation/Appearance: They get a giant star because this place is gorgeous! When you first walk in the sense of relaxation slaps you across the face and keeps you at ease. There are water bottles, cookies, and snacks you can munch on while waiting for your appointment. There's a nice couch with a flat screen against the wall to keep you entertained as well.Customer service: Again, they get another star as the secretary and the aesthetitian I worked with were very warm and friendly. Again, this was keeping me at ease.Experience: This is a heavily rated category as I award places up to 3 stars for the experience. I went to Glow for an eyebrow and bikini wax and I had Sarah as my aesthetitian. She is very friendly and professional and I give her props for my eyebrows as she did a great job. The bikini was the issue! When she saw my bikini line she immediately asked if I ever had any problems with waxing in the past. I replied "No, not at all." BUTTTTT for whatever reason, the wax that Glow uses would not stick to my skin or hair, therefore Sarah had to re-wax  and tweeze the same area 3-4 times. This was the most tweezing done out of all the bikini waxes I have had. She said my skin was dry and that maybe is the issue why the wax would not take. Possibly? Yes, but I have never had this issue with the place I go to in Tempe. I might give this place a shot with eyebrows again, but unfortunately not bikini,,,,
2	Now that I have a better look at my eye brows, she went a little crazy on the right brow verses the left. I'm just going to stick to my spot in Tempe....
5	I just wanted to say that I was contacted by the owner last week and they gave me a full refund including tip that was given! The owner also offered me a free bikini and brow wax, no pressure just gave me the offer! I have to say that they are very professional and they far exceed my expectations in the customer service department. I just may have to take their offer! Thanks Glow Skin & Body Studio!
5	I recently had a massage and facial at Glow. I live in North Scottsdale and I will definitely make that drive again and again. Although I've had hundreds of massages, the massage I received from Sasha was one of the best I've ever had. My facial from Stefani was terrific too. I really appreciate the ambience, friendliness, and professionalism of the staff and I will be back soon. I only wish I could have had a driver take me home because I was so incredibly relaxed. Thank you Glow, you guys are wonderful. Ang
5	I'll admit I was surprised when the aesthetician requested I flip over on my belly and hold a cheek, but she asked it so nicely and matter of fact-ly, that I felt no need to argue. I was nervous about my first Brazilian but after going to Glow, not only do I know that I will keep getting them, I know I will only be going to Glow for this service.Unfortunately, I can't remember the aesthetician's name now (it was several weeks ago that I went, and I'm due back shortly) but her manner and kindness put me at ease about the whole waxing process. There's something to be said for a woman who can put another at ease about putting hot wax on her bits and then ripping the hair off using said hot wax - but this woman was not only able to calm my fears but also kept me chatting in a way that helped distract me enough to look forward to the end result without stressing too much over the process.I ended up getting a "modified" Brazilian and was charged accordingly - not full price since I didn't get a full Brazilian. I appreciated that despite the fact that she put in so much work and time (30 minutes!! - I'm used to going in, getting the skin, hair, and wax ripped off and being off the waxing table in under 20!), she only charged me for a partial Brazilian. Many salons wouldn't modify the price according to the customer's needs, only their own. Waxing is very Machiavellian - the end has to justify the means because otherwise it can make for walking funny, in grown hairs, and embarrassment, not to mention pain. The Nufree wax is gentle enough, although I had a surprising reaction to it, I think that was more me than the product (since I've had it used on me before with no problems). The aesthetician also provided me with a small sample of lotion to help with in-grown hairs and any irritation that would arise. I was incredibly impressed with her thoroughness as well as her kindness.I'm looking forward to going back to Glow, despite the masochism of getting waxed!
5	EXCEPTIONAL service does not even begin to describe Glow Skin & Body Studio. I find it difficult now and days finding not only polite customer service, but genuine customer service.  Today was my first experience with Glow Skin & Body, however, it will not be my last! From the moment Jackie answered the phone I was impressed to the point that I told my sister "not only do they have an open appointment, but the girl on the phone was just so incredibly nice!". I walked in and was immediately greeted by Sam and Jackie who I can truly not say enough kind things about. The girls were welcoming, social and knowledgeable. Amanda came out and greeted me while taking me back to the room for my facial. Amanda is the type of person you want to hug because she is so sweet! She assured me she would take care of my problem areas and made me feel so much better about my skin. I have gone to three different spas now and can truly say this was by far the best service I received as well as results. I will not only be going back here consistently, but I am bringing my sister along too! Huge hugs to all the ladies I was fortunate enough to meet today and keep up the amazing work, you will truly go far as a business with your clear values. Xo, ErinEstelle
5	Came here for a bikini wax the other morning and I could not be happier with the service.  I just moved in the area and was looking for a place I could feel comfortable with.  After all if I'm going to be letting anyone near my bikini line I better feel safe and clean!  And that is exactly what I got.  The front reception room is super welcoming and the receptionist (I forgot her name unfortunately) was very nice.  Amanda did my wax and I can't think of anything to complain about.  She made me feel very comfortable and made my appointment stress free and easy.  I will absolutely be coming here from now on.  I felt so welcomed and left very happy.  Oh and they also had this great lotion to put on after to prevent in grown hair and its only been a day and the redness is all gone or red bumps in sight yay!
5	I just moved from Colorado and needed to find a place that carried Jane Iredale makeup. The staff wasn't just friendly, but very knowledgable about the product. I will keep going back!
5	I was planning on driving a far distance for a good wax until I stumbled upon Glow in Ahwatukee! The ambiance from the moment you walk in is soothing and friendly and the receptionist was incredibly accommodating, and the waxing experience was as wonderful as a brazilian wax can be (haha)! Stefani was a great aesthetician and kept me calm and comfortable during the wax process, doing an incredibly thorough job to ensure that it looks perfect. She truly cared about my skin and paid close attention to detail which I appreciated. Overall, the entire experience was worth the $50 and I would love to experience a facial or massage in this studio.I recommended this place immediately to a friend of mine who had an amazing experience as well and I'm bummed I am moving away after I found this gem!
5	I LOVE Glow! I have had numerous facials and peels here with several of the girls. I absolutely adore Amanda! I have never had anything but a welcoming, wonderful, relaxing and educational experience here. I trust their knowledge as well as their recommendations on products.
5	Let me preface this by saying if you don't want to read my entire review, don't, and just book an appointment! Highly recommend!I actually found Glow on Yelp and decided to try it out as its not too far from where I live. Its a little off the beaten path, which I really appreciate as its never been busy when I've walked in. Dolce and their ridiculous lines come to mind. I made an appointment with Stefani for a facial. The receptionist (I'm sorry I haven't gotten your name, but you have blonde hair!) is super sweet and accommodating.We spent a good 45 minutes talking about my current routine, products, their lines, services, etc. She was very thorough and knowledgable. Again, I can appreciate that as I'm paying good money. She knew exactly what she was talking about, down to the chemicals in the products and what they do. They offer organic natural lines too which is great for expecting moms.I went back about a week later to exchange some makeup. No questions asked, no problem. Lauren, the manager, was just as pleasant. She knew her stuff. She gave me a handful of samples when I asked about a sunscreen she could recommend. Little touches like that go a long way with me. After chatting with her some more, I was convinced I needed to try a chemical peel. I had some questions in regards to what I need to stop or continue with my current routine, and Stefani called me within hours to go over everything.  I have an appointment in a week for my peel!Not to sound too repetitive, but everyone is just great. So nice, professional, and makes you feel right at home. I feel like they  know me as soon as I walk in the door, and I've only been 3 times, twice to get makeup and once for a service. So happy to have found this place!
1	I used to go to Glow. However, since Jackie has left the place has declined. The front staff are not knowledgable on their products, I walk in and they are on their phones. When I ask about a product I use to get full education. Now extremely brief and once the girls response was "um, I really don't know." As a business women, in customer service that is NOT a good response. I will not go to Glow again.
5	As you can see by all the other glowing reviews (pun intended) this place is top notch!!!! My sister and I were driving from Tuscon to LA and needed to stop for a little grooming action before arriving home to our husbands (it was Valentine's Day, afterall). When I called, Laura was super accommodating and fit us in right away. We arrived to the gorgeous/relaxing location and were immediately treated like we were regular customers. Amanda had the honors of ripping my hair out and boy, was she fantastic!!! Not only was it one of the most painless waxes I've ever had but her upbeat personality made it a semi-enjoyable experience. But the results...I've seriously never had a better wax in my life. And so affordable! They were both such pleasant ladies and sent us home with first time client gift bags, even though they knew we were from our of town. I so wish I lived in Phoenix because this would be my go to for all my primping needs. A+!!!
5	My sister and I were driving home to California, from Florida and we were arriving home to our husbands on Valentine's Day. As you can imagine, we wanted to arrive looking nice downstairs, if you know what I mean. Long story short, we found this place close to the freeway, called when we were about two hours out of town on the off chance that they could squeeze us both in for waxing, and they did! It turns out one of the estheticians stayed late past her shift to accommodate us. The girl at the front desk and the waxer were both incredibly sweet and it was the best bikini wax I have ever had, hands down. Not to mention that the price was fair and the salon was super nice.We were so very happy to have stopped here on our way home!
5	I have a low threshold for pain, and my first time Brazilian (almost) was actually not that bad at all. Amanda was great and calming. Definitely am expert in her field...fast, efficient, almost limited pain compared to my previous bikini wax. Got a goody bag for being a first time customer. Extremely friendly and helpful. I drove several hours and would definitely do it again, just to get another Brazilian wax here!!!
5	I did my research before I decided where to go and I am so happy with my choice. This was only the second time I had ever had a wax with the first time being a less than pleasant experience (at a different studio). Everyone was super nice and made me feel very comfortable. I will definitely be returning.
5	I'd been going to a salon in Tucson for 20+ years, but after moving to Tempe I had to find a new go-to place for waxing, so I looked to Yelp to find one. I came across excellent reviews for Glow and decided to go with them. When booking my first appointment, the receptionist had such a friendly voice and was very accommodating. My appointment was with Rachel. She's super sweet, funny, and did a very thorough job. She took the time to explain what she was doing...even stopping at times to check my comfort level. Afterwards, she sent me home with a sample of cream to calm the waxed area. No one there was pushy about selling product either!As I was checking out, I was given a welcome gift with sample goodies for being a new client. I'm so happy with how personable the staff was and the service I received that I left booking my next appointment.
5	I love this place! Front desk is always friendly and never hesitate to start up a nice conversation. Rachel is an absolute saint! She's helped me so much by ridding bad make up in my collection, recommending better regimens and routines for my mild acne, and teaching me new things about my own skin! It's a bonus that they remember you and your concerns from the last visits!
