5	This is my mechanic. mike klein. All I can say is wow. He has saved my race day many times! from fixing others mistakes to just rushing and staying all night. family run and run great. if you race hit him up for suspension or anything, you'll be impressed.
2	Quote was fairly high (over $300; went with it, anyway, as my regular mechanic moved to Washington)). I got charged even more upon pick up without authorisation! Over $400 to go through a stock 500 twin's carbs? OK, my old mechanic, Jeremy from Complete Cycle Repair would have charged me $200-$250. Oh, and then they weren't right (Jeremy would have got it right). So I popped another $200 (actually, ONLY $200 compare to the $400+ I spent)  to have another shop sort them out. The only reason I give them two stars is the other shop had the decency to say they had a good reputation (a little benefit of the doubt; maybe I caught them on a bad day). They are not low priced; that is a fact. My experience, from my perspective, is that they do not do the quality of work I expect and, at that kind of pricing, I expect quality work. Oh. and stick to your quotes.
2	After bringing multiple motorcycles quads and rhinos to Mike there's no doubt he's a good mechanic I think a little bit understaffed and when there is a problem you basically go to the bottom of the line and wait three weeks to a month to get back in for service.My last experience was $1200 rhino re build first trip out there was a problem we parked the rhino couldn't run it for the weekend called him on Friday Got no call back called him on Tuesday got no callback call them again only to find out that he no longer is going to work on rhinos but he will take a look at it as he just charged us $1200 for rebuilding it. It  ran for an hour now I'm waiting 3 to 4 weeks for another appointment to bring it in and just feel as though if one of my customers had come in and spent that kind of money I would've reacted a little differently and tried to get the piece of equipment back in to take care of it.I try to support small family run businesses and I like the fact that Mike is a well-trained mechanic the customer service leaves a lot to be desired I'm hoping that after this wait for three weeks will be able to get the problem rectified but definitely not a place that if there is a problem they're going to take care of it in a hurry you go to the bottom of the order.Again a great mechanic, but certainly needs to chenge his policies on work that is brought back and how those situations are dealt with.
1	Well I'm sure as you can see in my last review things didn't go so well so he said he was no longer working on rhinos so I waited and waited and waited and finally after multiple promises to get my rhino in there and take care of the problems he went back to no longer working on rhinos!we went round and round that he had promised and I had waited multiple months for him to make the repairs right that he did and he ended up again going back to I don't work on rhinos I reminded him that I waited for months I've been patient I've been a long-term customer he just doesn't care!Mike is one of those guys that if you can get your money and doing easy repair he's happy to do it if anything goes wrong it's never his fault he doesn't want to do anything to make it right and now he's flat out telling me he will not stand behind the work that he's done I would never take anything there again by her beware this guys a scumbag.
