5	Friendly knowledgeable staff. Always took care of maintenance issues in a timely manner, and I received all of my security deposit back when I moved out after 3 years of renting my house.
1	From the facts and issues I've had thus far it appears this management company is mostly concerned about return ($$$) for the owner and themselves regardless of necessary repairs or other issues required in the units they manage.Google their name (Las Vegas area) and you'll find plenty of horror stories.Although they did eventually respond to many of my repair requests they had to be prodded to do so BEYOND what one would expect.  This ticks people off since it wastes their time...business 101.From reading off-Yelp reviews, It's obvious Desert Realty ignores those ignorant of the law and/or with weak backbones regarding rental rights.We'll see how they handle future issues (and the move out) which will determine if, at all, the current star rating increases or plummets.  Hopefully they can keep themselves out of Small Claims Court as Defendants but I'm not holding my breath.Stay tuned.
1	While looking for a place to lease I learned that Desert Realty's staff is very bad-mannered and unfeeling. For in-depth details please read below.After my wife passed away I needed to move my daughter and I to somewhere closer to her school. We found a condo in a nice neighborhood close to the school and contacted Desert Realty to inquire about leasing options. When we walked in we were not greeted for several minutes despite the receptionist sitting at the front desk. When we were greeted it was impersonal and cold. An older man met with us for the initial interview and application process. I mentioned that we needed to move ASAP because of my wife's passing. He could care less and told us that our circumstances would not matter.We had all the forms fill out for their convenience, and when he reviewed them he saw I missed an item and rudely pointed it out. After we were finished he said they would get back to us in a couple of days. We called the same day to check on our status, and the woman who answered the phone said they checked our previous payment history and saw we were late a few times within several years. She pointed out my low credit score, and when I mentioned how credit scores are generally low in this economy, she disagreed and said they could rent out the property to someone with a better credit score. This property has not been leased for over three months. I asked them how they presented our situation to the homeowner and they claimed the homeowner was not interested in leasing to someone like me. I find that hard to believe in an economy like this that a realty company would not suggest leasing to a good tenant with good history. It doesn't seem that Desert Realty is giving an accurate picture to the homeowners they represent. I'm not sure what Desert Realty has against my family and our circumstances but I'm shocked at the level of bluntness and insensitivity that we were treated with. My only advice is to avoid Desert Realty entirely along with their bad attitude and disorderly staff.
2	Surprise...Got my full security deposit back.There was plenty of paperwork I amassed given all the legitimate and reasonable repair requests I made and documentation of my cleaning of the unit.With this company I would suggest scheduling and being present during said inspection.  As with any rental, make sure you have proof of carpet cleaning.Take pictures upon move in and after cleaning at move out with a current newspaper that clearly shows the date. Be leary of deferred maintenance that could be pinned on you. Know the facts and don't pay for items you did not break or excessively wear out.Good luck.P.S. When turning in the keys at their office the secretary got an attitude about the mail box key that they never gave me which was the fact on the original lease.  Watch your back.
4	Google is my friendI found this company on Google, then I realized that we do collections for this company and was willing to give them a try. I called and spoke to Amanda she was very polite and provided all the necessary information. She gave a break down of all the fees and what not. I already knew what property I wanted to move into so that was easy. The $20 application fee to see if the owner of the property would lower the rent and approve me. They actually did lower my rent and let me break down the deposit. I have never had to give a deposit anywhere so I was sketchy to do so now. Any way they have made this process so much easier for me by breaking down the deposit and lowering the rent. Will keep updating as time goes.  For now I could really honestly recommend this company.
5	I have been renting from Desert Realty for over a year now. They have responded very quickly to every maintenance request that has been called in and everyone in the office has always been great! I read some of the reviews on here and cant help but think people may not have portrayed their experience completely truthfully. I myself work in property management, and you cant bash a company because you didn't get your way or didn't get all of your deposit back for not leaving the property in rent ready condition. In short, Desert Realty is wonderful 5 stars!
1	WARNING... Do not deal with this realty company, they like to scam people and not return the security deposit. Mary, who deals with returning the money just admitted to that, and I am so glad I was recording our conversation. We had so many issues before moving out, and we had to file 3-4 repair requests before anyone would even bother to show up.. Horrible service, they lie and scam people..
