5	First of all...I love the Roadrunner Farmer's Market on Saturdays....It  has introduced to so many fun, yummy local foods, Molly's Tamales being one of those.Tamales are one of my favorite bits of Mexican fare, the almighty enchilada being number one, and I'm always on the hunt for the perfect tamale.  I think I may have found it!  I have only enjoyed their goodies via the market and have yet to visit their actual establishment.So far I have had the southwest chicken, chicken & spinach and my new all time favorite.....wait for it!   The wild Alaskan salmon tamale!  Yes, I know you purists are probably shouting blasphemy, but seriously, it is insanely good!  I had one for breakfast this morning:  holy crap!!!!!   Here are your marching orders:1.  Find Molly's Tamales...2.  Buy some tamales...3.  Eat them and scream in mouth-gasmy bewilderment!PS - A successful reheating is necessary, so wrap it in a wet paper towel and nuke for 1 minute for the goodness...
3	Molly had a stand at the Westgate farmers' market, and I tried one of her (full-size!) samples of red pork. It was very tasty and moist, if not as spicy as I would like. She did say that you can request that your dozen be made spicier. It was also really full of meat. She also said that she only uses really good cuts of meat, and no lard.However, I passed on buying a dozen, as I thought $26 was a little high, and I wanted to try some more elsewhere.
4	From a propane range, served in a tent on the sidewalk of the Courthouse Square, I unwrapped from foil and wax paper a "golden ticket" .... actually a "golden" Green Corn Tamale. The last GC Tamale they had or i would have bought a dozen. then my Green Chile Chicken Burrito (Burro to those from AZ.) was practically perfect. I paid Molly's husband, sat in the grass and waited once again for the Mariachi band to appear.... but they never do ....?!? Real (good) Mexican Food- YesService- traditional Matriarchal Business, she cooks, he keeps his mouth shutAtmosphere- It's a tent...... but where you find the tent can be fun.
5	I know little about tamales, but the ones I had from Molly's stand at the Litchfield Park arts festival were delicious!  I had one with potatoes, cheese, carrots, and another vegetable whose name escapes me.  I also tried one with cactus that was yummy, as well.  I had thought that tamales were generally meat-based and am so glad to know that there are many healthier versions from Molly's.
1	Wow.  Talk about disappointed.  My wife and I have been loyal Molly's devotee's for years, but this weekend all that went to hell in a handbag.  When in Prescott and when Molly's is in the square selling grub, we're there to buy it.  Never fail.  This weekend my wife stood in line and ordered 5 "burritos" - not tamales.  When they rang her up, it was a bit cheaper than she expected, so she asked if the price was right for five burritos.  The old man behind the register says, "yes", and hands her a bag of grub.  The bag felt a bit light, so she again asks, "these are burrito's, right?" and he answers, "Yes, burritos".  So, the wife gets into car and we drive away.  One minute later she tells me that they've given us tamales - not burritos.  So, we drive back willing to stand in line because we simply love Mollys' food.  And here's when everything turns south. Upon addressing their "mix-up" with the old man behind the register, we are quickly told that the order was correct and they would not offer an exchange. Nor would they give us our money back.  Whatever happened to the old customer service mantra, "the customer is always right"?  Apparently the old man has never heard this before.  Needless to say, my once uber-loyal spouse was not pleased.  Hence this post.  Sorry Molly's...you just lost a few loyal customers over a few burritos.
5	Wow, the 1 star below really surprises me!  Are you sure this was Molly and her husband selling these?  If it wasn't, why wouldn't you have called the store...I'm sure they would've been glad to exchange the order to make things right, because that is the kind of people they are.Molly and her husband are two of the most wonderful people that you could ever have the pleasure of knowing.  They are family oriented and kind...not to mention, wonderful cooks!  Molly prides herself in making her tamales with the best produce and meat cuts, with NO lard.  I haven't come across a tamale of hers that I haven't liked.  They are a bit "pricy" but goes the saying "you get what you pay for".  If you want the best tamales in town (and possibly the best tamales you'll ever try) head on down to their store on 43rd and Olive, or try catching them at one of the local farmers markets, you will not be disappointed.
5	You have to love Molly's Tamales for their sheer creativity! A vegan tamale, YES please! And they have so many yummy choices for us veggies! Where else can you find a spicy salmon tamale? If you love tamales, you gotta try this place! Start a new tradition for the holidays!
5	Molly's Tamales is a modest little shop that sells wonderful Tamales...and that's not all, Chili Rellanos and Enchilladas are also available but for some reason, there is no menu  and the only thing on the wall menu behind the counter is Tamales.  Still I had two encilladas(cheese) and a tamale (chicken and cheese) .  I skipped the rice and beans....rice and beans is everywhere. What I did have was  wonderful. The other customers who were there swore that everything was delicious and I believe that whole heartedly.My wife had a couple of  green chili tamales.  While my tamale was good, we enjoyed her's a touch more.They also serve desert tamales, tamales for diabetics, tamales with cactus (napal) leaves.  As you can see, lots of different kinds of tamales and our food came fast.There are four tables inside or you can get to-go service.The place is run by two ladies who are personable, charming, friendly and happy.  Molly exhibits pride in her store and in the quality of her food. "No lard or grease, we make our stuff with olive oil".  You betcha' we'd eat there again........and we will.
5	Best tamales ever. Molly is really nice as well.
4	Good tamales to go, prices are alright, and I was a little frustrated they were out of some options on a Tuesday and actually told me they have been out since Saturday.  Why so long?  Sketchy area too, if you ask me.  Don't mess with the tattoo folks next door.
5	I stopped by Molly's stand in Mund's Park with my family and I could not have been more impressed with the tamales. The gentleman working that rainy morning was one of the friendliest people I came across in Arizona. While he tamales were being steamed he asked questions about my vacation a seemed genuinely interested. To top it off, the tamales were outstanding.
2	Dry n small tamales. I had high hopes because it seemed legit. Keep looking if you wsnt really good tamales.
2	I was very disappointed.  First, I never expected to receive frozen tamales from a takeout establishment.  Who wants to go home and heat up their lunch? Second, the tamales were small, extremely dry and had no flavor.  I'm so sad.  I expected better.
1	I just went into Molly's tamales thinking, "a place that only makes tamales has to perfect them!". Boy was I wrong! Terrible Red pork tamale, the place smelled really bad when I walked in, and the table was covered in dust! Never coming again!
5	The best tamales I have ever had, hands down. Pork and Salmon are my favorites!!! No lard, everything is local, awesome!
5	Absolutely amazing. You made a customer for life. I read the reviews about size. They're Tamales. Not burritos. They are perfect size, made from scratch and as authentic as you get. Owner even stayed open late for us to continue our holiday tradition. Thanks. I will be back!!
