3	This is the newest Taco Bell on the block, but retains all the staff from the ol' Taco Bell that was down the street. I've know been to this Taco Bell a few times as it is kinda close to home, and it's not bad...The service here has been great on the few occasions I've visited, which I think is pretty cool. I mean, these places don't pay their guys the best which sometimes leads to not the best service. However, it's great here. Everyone was cool taking my orders, the food came out quick, and there were smiles and "thank you"'s all the time. The food here was awesome by Taco Bell standards. It was pretty good, the food was hot, and it came out quick. Really, nothing to complain about at all.
2	New location, same staff.  Most of the staff speaks broken English and can't take an order to save their lives.  Don't ask for a custom order because they rarely get it right the first time. If they got an all new staff it might be worth it to eat inside but until then drive thru works just fine.
2	I can't even begin to understand the sense of power and responsibility that must come with being entrusted with a squirt-gun full of sour cream, but apparently they don't give lessons on calibration.Without fail, no matter what specific burrito I order, no matter how many times I say "light sour cream" or even "NO sour cream", there's inevitably one end of my burrito that is absolutely filled with the stuff.I usually order twice as much as I actually want to eat, because I can reliably take a bite at one end or the other, determine which end doesn't have a mouthful of sour cream, and eat half of it. Then proceed to the next one, do the same, and toss the cream-soaked halves.It's exhausting and wasteful but luckily one only gets a Taco Bell burrito craving every couple of months, when one's life is going on a spectacularly bad turn and you just want to eat the pain away.
1	Dear Taco Bell on Decatur, As much as I love your crunch wrap supremes I feel the need to yelp my experience. We visited your drive thru on Friday 1/2/2015 @ 7:40pm and the young boy was rude and didn't respond to our conversation with him and after we ordered $30.57 worth of Taco Bell we did not receive our 4 crunchy tacos and cheese sauce for our nachos. Sorry but I feel cheated. Yours truly, Crunch wrap supreme lover
