4	UPMC Eye Center encompasses a variety of different services.  I've been seeing Dr. Sundar-Raj on the 7th floor as my primary optometrist for a number of years.  He really takes his time with me during our appointments, making sure he understands my needs and providing a comprehensive and thorough exam.  I have ordered my contacts through the Eye Center, however, I have not utilized their glasses services. The reception staff here is super-chipper and friendly.  I can typically get an appointment quickly, and they offer early-morning appointments so I can be seen before work if needed.The second service I have utilized is on the 6th floor, the Department of Ophthalmology.  I had lost vision in my right eye (it did come back within 30 minutes), and was able to get an appt the next day.  Even though it turned out nothing was seriously wrong, the staff reassured me that coming in was the right thing to do and performed a range of tests to make sure everything was top-notch with my peepers.Parking is typically discounted to 5 dollars for visitors to the Eye Center, let reception know and they'll give you the discount ticket.  A parking garage is attached and can be entered on Lothrop Street.  You may pay with either cash or credit upon exit.
1	Having had type 1 diabetes for 24 years, I am used to having yearly eye exams to screen for retinopathy and prevent blindness. Normally I go to Vision Works or Lenscrafters, and their ophthalmologists have referred me to vitreoretinal surgeons if they felt it was necessary. But after my last endocrinologist visit, my doctor referred me to the Eye and Ear Institute because he thought they would offer me the best care.When I scheduled my appointment, I specified I needed to have my eyes dilated to check for retinopathy, as well as be fitted for contact lenses. I also mentioned I had 2 laser surgeries in each eye to correct retinopathy, and dilation was necessary for my type 1 care. I let the appointment-scheduler know my endocrinologist wanted me to see Dr. Yu, but was told she does not perform routine eye exams. I was then told eye dilation was routine during a "diabetic eye exam," and was scheduled to see Dr. Sundar-Raj. Since I felt the appointment-setter was knowledgeable, I didn't think to check Dr. Sundar-Raj's credentials before my appointment-- my fault I suppose.    Anyway, since I'm always extremely nervous before and during my eye exams (potential blindness from an incurable disease will do that to a person), and dilation prevents me from driving (I know some people can just wear sunglasses but they have never helped me), my fiance and I both took a vacation day from work so he could act as my chauffeur. Too bad we didn't use the day for something more enjoyable or productive!The morning of my appointment, I was contacted by Kathy from the Eye and Ear Institute (I'm almost positive that was her name, but the more I think of it, I may be incorrect). She was extremely polite and genuine, and let me know my insurance did not include eye exams. Because of my type 1, this "confusion" happens often, and I explained how even though my general eye exam for glasses and contact lenses is not covered, eye dilation for retinopathy is considered medically necessary and covered by my insurance. She seemed to understand that was typical during a "diabetic eye exam" and was extremely polite. Once I arrived I checked-in with Danielle. She was also "confused" by my insurance, and kept asking me questions about why I needed a "diabetic eye exam." I explained to her what I told Kathy, and she kept cutting me off as if she knew my situation better than me. She was CLEARLY confused, and when I tried to show empathy by stating "I know it's confusing..." She cut me off and said "It's NOT CONFUSING!" She then continued to talk down to me as if I were a child, and made fun of me for choosing my name as my email address. I then went into the back with a tech who was nice, but assumed I was just diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. She asked why I needed an appointment, and thought it was my first eye exam. Even though she was nice, I was extremely confused since I had stated my medical history repeatedly. I then was left in a waiting room to see Dr. Sundar-Raj, but was shocked because my eyes were not dilated. When I finally saw Dr. Sundar-Raj, he seemed confused that I was seeing him and asked if I had ever had my eyes dilated. He then said he did not have experience with retinopathy and wanted me to see a retina specialist, even though he could do a "diabetic eye exam." Although he updated my prescription for glasses, he wanted me to see him in 10 days to finalize my contact lens prescription even though he gave me the wrong brand of contact lenses for my 10 day trial. However, he did seem concerned when I told him I scheduled a true "diabetic eye exam" to check my retinas that day, but asked if I still wanted contact lenses. I said I did, and he sent me to check-out and make another appointment for a retina specialist at the desk. I then checked out with Kathy, who was genuinely concerned with my situation. She tried to find any coverage for my appointment, and another nice lady tried to find a way to offer me a fee-waiver. It was $79 for a worthless eye exam, and I could've had contacts, a prescription, free parking, and a retinopathy check for half the cost at Vision Works. I also wouldn't have wasted a day off of work. The 1 star goes to Kathy, who really deserves 10, for helping me set an appointment with a retina specialist in Mckeesport. Now I need another day off for eye dilation, so I think UPMC owes me and my fiance at least 1 day's pay!
1	I placed an order for eyeglasses at the UPMC Presbyterian Eye Store. It's been almost two weeks and I haven't heard back from the shop. I tried calling the shop multiple times but nobody attends to the calls. This is probably the worst eye shop service I have seen in my life.
