1	just tried to get them to pick me up as Circus Circus, they needed to know the address before they could get here.  Is this place a total joke?  forget it.
3	Most cabs on the LV Strip do not accept credit cards.  Possibly because of the number of people who over extend in the casinos?  Who knows!  It was a surprise to me when I first arrive at McCarren but proved to be true for the rest of my trip as well.  So always bring cash OR request a credit card cab (which any hotel or airport attendee will do for you if requested). My beef is that some of the drivers, knowing that you're a tourist, will purposefully take you on the highway to avoid the "traffic" on the Strip.  I am a tourist, so what the heck do I know?  Result: paying $28 to get from one end to the other for dinner, and only $13 on the way back.
1	Horrible, Horrible service!!!!!  This shitty cab company threatened to call the cops on me when I told them I didnt have cash, I told this asshole from the start, that I only had my ATM card.  Really!!!!  And the asshole driver took the long route to the airport.  Avoid the cab drivers who are from East Africa!!!!!
5	Took a ride from MGM to LV hilton to meet up for drinks....and i must say that i had the most ridiculous taxi driver ever!! This Russian immigrant drove like a mad man on Koval lane and the other back streets.  He was seriously driving like 65mph on this little street!! He almost hit another cab driver and honked nearly all the way to LV hilton!! He didn't speak much but when i was startled and yelled, he just turned over and said "ZORRY avout my drriving" LOL.  He reminds me of the movie Rocky 4.  My name is Ivan Drago....I must brreak you!"  Crazy ride...made my day!
4	We needed a ride to the airport and I didn't know which taxicab company to call. I opened up the phone book and decided to try Yellow-Checker-Star, since they advertised that they had "the best trained drivers & safety record." When we lived in California, I would always call at least a day before to make a taxi reservation. But I guess they don't really do that here in Vegas. The woman I spoke with on the phone was friendly and explained to me that I could just give them a call about 30 minutes before we wanted to be picked up and they would send a driver out then. So that is what I did the next morning. Our driver called my cell phone to let me know that he was about 5 minutes away from our house and would be arriving soon. He arrived on time and was pretty friendly. He also asked us if we had a preferred route to the airport. We just told him that he could drive whatever route was the easiest, but that was nice of him to ask. I'm just glad that he didn't take a really long route just so he could get more money out of us!The car that this taxicab company used seemed kind of old. But it was clean and we did arrive at the airport safely! It was a good experience. I would definitely use this taxicab company again in the future.
3	The guy was freindly and told us about Ethopia.  Itwas entertaining. We tipped well.
1	I think Yelp should have negative stars, because this company certainly deserves it!  I was flying for the first time by myself on Tuesday Oct, 25th, and I don't fly well to begin with, so I was a nervous wreck.  My cell phone must have fallen out of my back pocket and after the past 2 days of talking with these people it's incredibly apparent they lack customer service skills.  I spoke with lost and found and she stated that Yellow-Checker-Star is actually 3 cab companies and that the cabbies often give their receipts to other cabbies if the cabbie doesn't have enough receipts, but rest assured that the cabbies are very honest and turn in lost items.  Ok, seriously, you said that all in the same sentence and want me to trust a cabbie that is obviously cheating his company, but wouldn't dare think about cheating me?  At this point I couldn't care less about the phone, I just want my chip that had all my pictures on it.  I then talked with Human Resources and was told "I don't have time to look for that receipt, we have 10,000 receipts come through here a day, and I just don't have the time for that."  If I were the damn police I bet your little ass would get a move on it and find it then!  My husband knew within 20 minutes of me losing my phone, thanks to a very nice lady in the airport security who let me use her phone, and called my phone at least a 100 times in a 4 hour period before having my phone canceled, and I find it very hard to believe that the cabbie didn't hear it!
1	These drivers are a big rip off. Our driver lied about knowing where the destination was and drove us around forever trying to run up the fare. Later we were told the fare should have been half.
1	We asked the cabbie on the way back to the airport to not take the freeway to save us time and money and he did the exact opposite.  Charge was over $30.Used a competitive cab company when we arrived who could follow directions and our fare was only $18.Shady.Be very careful when you hail your taxi to avoid this company!
2	2 stars for the cab showing up within 25 minutes.Minus stars for the cab driver. When I called, the dispatcher took the pick up and drop off address. The cab driver (#3813) did not have the drop off address and before I gave it to him, he said is that short distance and seemed irritated when I said it was.Its not my fault that the dispatcher failed to tell him how far and where we needed to go. We thought all cabs use GPS systems but he asked me in an irritated tone for directions. Closer to home, I told him to stay in the left lane and he then said he was using the GPS and knew where to go. We had to take a final turn at the end of the road near the apartment and when I told him to take a left, he said there are several buildings here, where should I turn, when clearly all the said buildings were one apartment complex. His tone seemed condescending and I was so bugged by the end of the ride, I almost did not tip him, but gave him a basic tip. When we requested him to buzz the code to enter the code, he mocked us saying the phone is ringing in the house and made some stupid remark when I said 'no, it actually rings on the cellphone'.I think the dispatcher should tell their drivers re distance so they do not end up being so rude to customers.
1	Driver 3325 (Arab with Blue Turban) picks me up from Aria.  I ask for a ride to the Venetian.  2 Minutes into the trip, I realize that I will be able to walk there faster than traffic will permit.  I ask the driver to stop at the closest stop and he begins insulting me, calling me a "crybaby".  I ask him why he feels the need to insult me, and I clearly hear him call me a "cocksucker".   All totally unprovoked.
1	The dispatcher told us to find another cab company because we had 5 people. They are lame
1	Horrible Service!!!!!!!!  It's been two years, and I still want to inform others to avoid this taxi service!!!!
1	Let me try to put into words the worst customer experience of my life. No exaggeration. My husband and I took a Yellow-Checker-Star cab from the airport to the MGM hotel. To pay for the cab you swipe your card yourself on the screen in front of you and then it gives you an option for 20, 30 or 40% gratuity. My husband checked the 20% option. We exited the car and waited for the driver to open the trunk so we could get our luggages. He takes a little while and when he comes out he says to my husband: 20%? Is that it man? You only tip me 20%. My husband says: Excuse me?! Driver: is that it? Give me another 2 bucks man. My husband says: absolutely not!  The driver opens the trunk and says: you get your on luggage then! Go, go! Get your luggage!I was literally looking around waiting for camera men to come running from some where. I thought it was a jokeI was horrofied! The driver leaves cussing at us. Totally sounded like a criminal. I got the phone number and cab number. Next day I called Yellow-Checked-Star. Talked with 3 different supervisors. First one didn't seem like he cared at all. Then I asked to talk with someone higher in management. I talked to Bill. He seemed to care and assured me he would talk to the driver. Then I talked with Don, he was the gerenal manager. He also didn't care much. When I asked why they  even have a 30% and 40% tip option, Don's answer was that there was an option for other, and if I wanted I "could leave $100 tip". I wanted to say: are you serious!? Anyways, I was horrified by this company's customer service. From the driver to the general manager, they just don't care about their customer. If you get a cab from Yellow-Checked-Star now you know that if you don't tip your driver 30 or 40% or $100, they will get so offended that they will cuss at you and make you get your on luggage.
1	Ran into a flock of about 90 of these idiot drivers on DI and Paradise, obstructing traffic and driving unsafely in the name of "protesting". (They were using their own cars, rather than cabs, and had a bunch of signs and sandwich boards, and were driving with hazard lights on, refusing to let people merge, refusing to signal etc...)Guess what? If you don't like your job? QUIT. The majority of people living in Las Vegas couldn't care less if there were less obnoxious, rude, uneducated, unsafe cab drivers on the roads. Without the Taxicab Drivers Gestapo, Las Vegas would likely have a decent transit system that a city of this size SHOULD have. I, for one, would never ride with a company that employs people who so blatantly disregard the rules of the road like these drivers were today.
1	I hadn't been to Las Vegas for 4 years so I took the first taxi from the airport. Yello-Checker-Star.   Big mistake!!!  He asked me which way I wanted to go to the Rio.  I said shortest, cheapest route.  He took the freeway.  The fare was $29.10 and when I gave him 2 $20's he asked if I wanted change!!  When I took a taxi from the Rio to the airport the next morning the fare was $16.20...  I will NEVER get in one of their cabs again and I am telling all of my friends (who fly a LOT) about my experience.  You may make more on the fare one time but it costs you in the end.  Bad way to do business.
5	I left my brand new Galaxy S4 in the back seat of a cab and after the 5th time calling it, the driver picked up and asked if I was the owner of the phone. I answered in the affirmative and he said he'd leave it with lost and found at the dispatch. The next day I pulled up to Yellow Checker Star fully expecting to find out that there is no lost and found and that my new phone was lost forever but I was pleasantly surprised to get my phone back. Couldn't be happier, really. Thank you, thank you, thank you, Yellow Checker Star for restoring a little faith in humanity and making me a happy customer. I'm really impressed, honestly and I'll definitely go out of my way to give this company business every chance I get. This meant a lot to me.
5	My daughter, the first time traveling alone without the mom, leaves her iPhone in the cab. Steve called me on her phone and said he would take it to lost and found, I called lost and found and they were going to be closed the next 2 days.  Steve delivered it personally to my daughter on his own time. By reading some of these reviews, I guess it all depends on the person and thank goodness the someone that was driving my daughter around had a conscience.
3	Picked up early morning to go to the airport from a hotel. Paid $15. Ordinary taxi service.
1	Worst employer ever. They count on the constant influx of new residents who need jobs and don't know what a terrible business this is. They roll over 80% of their drivers every year.that's their business model cause new drivers keep less of the meter. Rude supervisors that pressure you to rip off customers. Any job is better.
1	DO NOT USE THIS CAB COMPANY! If you have used them and have had damaged or stolen/ lost items I would like to hear from you. Please email me at unavita@gmail.com.I used this cab to take from Wynn to my condo. As I got out of the car my clothes were torn. It's been over a year and they offered me 20% less than I paid for the damaged clothes which had been purchased a couple of weeks prior.
1	I was asked for an address for the pickup, but since I was from out of town, I was only able to provide a business name and the cross streets. After I told this to the operator, she immediately hung up. Unacceptable.
1	Once in a blue moon, I  look forward with eager anticipation to writing a Yelp review with as much venom as I can conceivably muster. This is one such review. I live in Manhattan three months a year and while I strive to take the subway or bus 90% of the time, I usually fall short of that, though I've now mastered the letter lines (N, Q, R mostly) and get around even to Brooklyn better than I used to. So I take cabs a lot and never in my life have I experienced treatment or service this abominable. The first thing to know about taking cabs in Vegas: DON'T. Everyone except me seems to know this. Car rental is dirt cheap and if you intend to venture off the Strip you MUST HAVE a car. I didn't do due diligence on Suncoast Casino, where Robert Klein performed. This was the (sole) reason I came to Vegas. As a Vegas Virgin, I figured a casino had to be on the strip and didn't realize it's in the suburbs (Summerlin). It's 50 bucks in a cab and that's after 45 minutes of frantic calling and waiting. The Rodeway Inn employee didn't know how far it was and estimated a 20 dollar fare. Uh, no. A generous, kind employee at Suncoast drove me back, well, to downtown and it was another 28 dollars to the Strip. I spent 80 dollars in cabs and the first driver was quite possibly the worst cab driver I've ever had in my life. She had the gall to be angry with me and at the end of the ride told me I was "offensive and obnoxious." I thought she was going to hit me. Now, once this all went South, I WAS as obnoxious as I possibly could be: she deserved it. So I call the Rodeway and rant for 10 minutes about my cab driver from the back seat, saying no one should ever take cabs in this city, that the service is the worst in America and highway robbery blah blah blah. Halfway through my deliberate passive-aggressive rant, in which I said "God knows what other add-ons she'll charge," the woman hissed: "WHAT add-ons. There's just a tip which I assume you won't be giving me, even though I got you to your destination." Excuse me, isn't the purpose of a cab to transport you to your destination? I'm supposed to grovel in gratitude because after 45 minutes of calling the cab only to hear the dispatcher say, "It should have been there" as if this was supposed to console me for missing the first 25 minutes of Robert Klein's show, she managed to find the casino? The Rodeway employee assured me that the women knew where I was going. I knew this was not going to end well, when I jaywalked from Royal Resort screaming like a madwoman when finally the cab showed up, for it not to leave. There were no cabs at the Royal Resort either, which I'm told is common on Saturday nights with big shows or fights.) "I have no idea where you're going: we don't know these things." "But  the woman said she told the dispatcher: I've never been to Vegas and don't know my way around." She lives in Summerlin, it turns out, and did know the Suncoast but this was not an auspicious beginning. It was a very unpleasant experience and the Escalade (the equivalent of livery cab in the city) quoted me 60 and I said, "No way." Turns out I would have done better to take that gorgeous vehicle (I've never been in one), though probably they don't take cards. Oh, and here's the kicker: 3 dollars to use a credit card in a cab in Vegas. I did leave that miserable woman a 10% tip just to spite her. I felt like Kevin Spacey in the Ref: "Lloyd's no hero, I can vouch for that." NEVER AGAIN will I come to Vegas without renting a car.
5	SO happy with them! Caught a cab from the airport to our hotel. My husband left his bag in the back with an iPad, iPod, charger and more. We were just sick when we realized it and called every cab company in town (paid cash and didn't pay attention to which cab we caught.). They called us the next day and brought EVERYTHING to our hotel! They are the best!!!!
1	Can't give less than one star. I'm a liar. According to this wonderful company. Car died and had to get a cab to pick it up. Called and was told it would be 20 minutes before driver arrived at my house to take me to auto shop. An hour later, called back. Another 15 minutes, ma'am. Another 1/2 hour, at this point, totally late for work.  Asked to speak to a supervisor. "We don't have a supervisor. She's on vacation.".  I screamed bullshit. I was then called a liar by whoever got on the phone. "We would have never told you 20 minutes". Okay. I will scream far and wide about your shady service and will be calling Monday morning to hopefully get someone fired. I could have walked to the auto shop by now.  Ended up walking to Arizona Charlie's and tried to get a cab from here. Waiting for another hour.
1	Called for a cab to airport.  Confirmed cab would be at destination in timely manner, paid money to airline to change flight... Dispatcher took my number.  Pick up time came/ went -- no cab, no call.  I called back.told "he'll be there in 5 minutes I promise".  5 minutes came/went --no cab, no call no nothing.  I Call again-- wait on phone for 10 minutes-- no answer.  Out the airline change fee and STUCK in Vegas.   DON"T DO IT call another cab co
1	Called for a cab after a few drinks. I called them back 3times every time they said the driver was 10mins away and they never showed up
1	The taxi driver cheated us and took a long way to get to the restaurant with 50 bucks which only cost 23 bucks for normal path. I called the dispatcher and she told me there is nothing she could do about it. Such a bad experience...
1	Very disappointed with this place. First they claimed that our taxi will be here in 20. They never showed up, when i called they kept claiming it's on the way. Two hours later they tells us they cant make it and reference us to another cab company.
1	Worst place to work, facts about this company; (1) now a days Nevada's minimum wage is more than 7.50, they pay you 7.25 per hour when you start employment. (2) They claim they are the best cab company ever in vegas, they pay you only 38% of what you make. Imagine you sat down for 12 complete hours and the most you make ranges from $80-$200, then they deduct fuel surcharge. If you made $200 you end up below $180 a day. you calculate how much you can make. (3) Now they have new rule, you have pretty much rare chance to hit a year in this company, they fire more than 80% of what they hired in two three months for simple mistakes/before they qualify for medical insurance and hire every week. The benefit from this is the fact that they don't spend for paid vacation and for employee insurance. (4) When you work, if you call for not at fault accident, it takes them less than 5 minutes to arrive at the scene and take care of you and every paperwork where to go for medical check up and anything that they benefit is pretty much ready until you get to the company yard. If it's your fault accident, a minimum of 3 hours for tow track to arrive, you don't go anywhere before you turn in their money as nobody looks at you and you will never hear "are you ok" word. When you get to the yard, TERMINATION notice paper is waiting for you no matter you did it intentionally or not as well as it's your first at fault mistake or not. No warning at all. Even though it's fact that some visitors don't like cab drivers, this is worst place to be a driver based on the web reviews here that most people had bad experience.Good thing; I don't know its good or not you don't pay for gas so your ac is perfectly freezing while other company drivers struggling to save some gas money, but you still pay fuel surcharge. NO MATTER WHAT, THIS IS NOT A PLACE TO WORK IF YOU DO WANT TO KEEP YOUR JOB FOR LONGER, NO DREAMS OF RETIREMENT.
1	I was just stranded at Scooters after the Seahawks game. A Non-english speaking driver did not understand the J in  Jeanette is a constanent sound.  Loaded up the car (with the wrong passengers ) saying she would only take Evette to strip and Jeanette was not her fare. Then did a 180 in the road with her hyjacked passengers going the wrong  way.  I would say I'm lucky although their next cab would not let us leave because the people who were inside  "hooked on phonics" cab had prepaid for him.You would be better off hitchhiking naked with $100 bills taped to your ass then calling these clowns.
1	My mum got a taxi from the outlets to Umc to see me in hospital. The taxi driver drove her around Vegas even though she gave him the exact address. A 10 minute max journey took 35mins. I called to complain the guys exact words were what shall I do about it. Terrible company. Absolutely awful. Cab 3420 Your a scumbag. To the unhelpful guy on the phone, go to hell.
1	Horrible customer service just speak to you with attitude and don't let you know ahead of time that they're going to spend 30 minutes to put in the order to send a cab out.
1	They get one star for showing up. When I called, I specifically asked for a cab that could carry 4 adults and 2 babies. I know the law here in Vegas is the babies can lap sit in cabs. Driver got lost coming to the address (because either dispatch gave it to him wrong or he wrote it down wrong), then refused to drive us all in one cab. "I can only carry 4 people by law. There's no cabs in the state of Nevada that carry more, unless you want to hire a limo." That's a lie. After we figured out driving two cars to our destination, thus forcing someone to be an additional designated driver, we saw multiple van cabs all up and down the strip. Guy on dispatch line says they can send a second cab to us. I ask if they're going to make us a deal on the rate since this was *their* screw up. "Umm, you can talk to my supervisor about that..." No thanks, we'll arrange another way. Bottom line, driver was an asshole, and dispatch was incompetent. Don't call them.
1	Zero star if I could. Took this company's cab from the airport to a hotel on the Strip. The driver who don't talk at all just asked us if we are on vacation right before the sign for the freeway. Being local here and working closely with tourists, I knew what he was doing. He was checking to see if he could steal from us. After finding out that we are local, he slowly merged to the lane he should have been long time ago and ended up taking the right way instead of cheating the route. He was not friendly at all and didn't say a word. I didn't need him to be over friendly but I could just see him thinking "this isn't going to make me money." The attitude was there all the way. I ended up tipping him a little bit more than 20 % and he reluctantly counted in front of us and shook his head with a sarcastic expression on his face like we are cheap customers. So later that night, when I needed a help from a lock-smith company, the gentleman was so helpful and friendly. He ended up getting $20 from us just by showing up. I hope the company cares about all these bad reviews. This driver made the company look like they just want money even if it means dishonest operations. It is very sad that this type of drivers is the first point of contact to welcome tourists and business people from all over the world.
1	0 stars if I could!! This company is going to waste your time and not care at all. For the first time I needed a cab and I called them. Initially everything looked fine, the lady on the phone sounded kind and polite, and after getting my name phone number and address she said my taxi would be there in 20 minutes, and to call back if he didn't arrive by then. 20 min passed and no taxi, so I called back to check on the status. A male employee this time answer the phone, and told me the taxi was close by. Another 20 min passed and still no taxi, so after waiting in the street for 40 minutes I decide to call back once more. The guy told me that apparently the taxi driver that was supposed to pick me up had taken another person instead! (despite the fact that they had my information). He didn't sound bothered at all by their mistake (the awful customer service upon the issue was actually the fact that made me more upset). When I expressed my discontent, then he offered to send another cab...that of course would have taken another 20 min (if ever arrived!). Wasting an hour with this kind of service? thanks no thanks. I would never use their company again!
2	I had a great experience on my way to a bar for NYE. I was so impressed that they got there within 30 minutes and the driver was awesome. We called them again to get a ride home but they took over an hour when they said it would be right there and when I called to double check the lady told me to wait outside in the cold because they wouldn't call me this time and it would be there right away! Lies. It took them another 45 minutes and when they finally came the cab driver demanded I pay him $50 up front to take me in addition to the meter. That's ridiculous.
