5	I was very happy with Sun Valley, their high level of professionalism and the way they treated me. I was given help and guidance which made the process so much easier. My card has just been approved and it only took 6 business days. I will come here again next year for my renewal. Thanks Sun Valley!
5	I took my son here to get his MM card. The process was fast, easy and the staff professional. I've recommend this place to SEVERAL people who've been just as pleased.
4	Never been nervous to visit a dr my entire life until the day I decided to visit this clinic, I decided not be afraid of what people think and what society would judge as a "pothead" The skinny I have had back pain since I was a young lad and have visited specialist chiropractors and acupuncturist all have provided temporary relief and the dr's usually prescribe me Vicodin or soma for pain. Both pills make me sick and I am taking another pill for my stomach and the cycle began before I knew it I was taking 3-6 pills a day just for pain and other ailments. I discovered that marijuana provided enough for all my ailments that I may be able to sleep through the whole night and also the cbd's that are in marijuana helped with my pain. I was smoking illegally for years before I decided to protect myself. I was recommended this place by a friend who also has his card and I can't thank him enough, I brought in my medical records and cash for all fees was in and out within an hour or so. The dr was great took time to hear me out and understood my concerns and also explained the pros and cons about my card. I left there feeling like a million bucks like the weight of being arrested for trying to feel normal with no pain. The bad The office while it seemed very professional there were a few things that jumped out to me I did hear them yelling at one another and also they seemed to have had a friend visiting while that is ok I would not want a stranger looking at my medical files. OverallThis place is great they will calm your fears and help you get what you need I would recommend to anyone. Just bring your medical records from last year saves you 50$.
1	What a shit hole. They tried charging me 310 dollars for a fucking certification. You are not only a terrible clinic but your facility looks like a pile of shit,smells like BO, and staff who are incompetent. Don't go here unless you want to pay 2x what other clinics charge even tho their website says 100-150 for a certification. Good job on losing another customer. Fire those dumb ass females you have working your clinic if you want to stay open. I'm in contact with hundreds of patients and I will be letting them know to avoid this shit hole and that they need to tell anyone that needs a certification to go elsewhere. Fuck you.
4	Besides what all reviews have said I gave this place the benefit of the doubt, only charge me $275 with my doc records. Super nice staff, fast, easy friendly and open minded.
