1	DO NOT GO HERE! Dr. Robi burns was the most uncompassionate doctor I have ever dealt with. I found out over the phone that I had a miscarriage and she wouldn't even get on the phone to talk to me, she made the nurse do it....she rushed me in and out of the office without even doing an exam to tell me exactly what happened. No information as to what I was supposed to do or why this happened ..nothing at all...worst experience of my life...STAY AWAY!
1	Terrible Experience! I do not recommend anyone go see Dr. Robi Burns. She is an arrogant and defensive practitioner. Her arrogance is palatable as she makes you feel stupid for even asking about your health and well-being. I felt like she was insulted by my asking questions regarding my treatment plan all the while talking down to you. She came in the room without my chart and then proceeded to say she would have to check my chart and never did answer any of my concerns. In addition, I was made to feel like my time with her was over now and she was done. I walked away feeling sad and confused. I then found another doctor and requested my medical records be faxed to the new doctor's office. Her staff faxed it to my cell phone by mistake causing me to receive fax rings every time their office received one. I dealt with Dr. Burns' office staff for several hours while they assured me they would contact their IT people and resolve the problem. Never did they apologize for their mistake and relayed annoyance by my complaint. The girl said she would call me back before they closed for the day but did not leaving me to be subjected to these harassing phone/fax calls. I don't mean one or two rings, but sometimes as many as 20 in 10 minutes. This lasted throughout the night until I could contact them again in the morning. When you call their office you cannot leave a message because after listening to their long voice mail instructions it disconnects you. DO NOT GO SEE THIS DOCTOR OR DEAL WITH THIS OFFICE STAFF. THEY ARE NOT COMPASSIONATE OR NICE.
4	I have been going to Dr. Burns for a little over 5 years (since I was 18) and she is great. She is very personable and makes you feel comfortable asking those some times "embarassing" questions. The reason I did not give this office 5 starts is because there is only 1 and it is way out in Anthem! I live in Summerlin, but I still make the 40 minute drive out there every time I need to see an OB/GYN because the facilities are clean and modern, they offer many services including cosmetic and weight loss, and the doctors are very friendly.  I even called Dr. Burns on her cell once, and she answered and put my worries at ease.I HIGHLY recommend!:)
5	I'm bummed to see the negative reviews! Personally I totally love Dr. Burns, she's been great for me. But I guess you use yelp to get as much information as you can, and then you make your own decision.I've seen Dr. Burns for general run-of-the-mill yearly ladies' exams, and for a couple of non-routine visits. The routine visits have been in and out, like less than 10 minutes, which almost makes up for the occasionally long wait time to get into a room (like 20-30 minutes; I hate waiting). But I like the fast pace of the exams since I don't generally have a lot of questions and just want to get in and get out. Also, I have to say I really appreciate that the rooms have a little changing curtain, hooks for your clothes, and you get an actual flannel gown to wear, not one of those crinkly paper numbers.For the non-routine exams, I found Dr. Burns to be compassionate, funny, frank (+), informative, non-judgmental (+), and thorough. She was very probing about getting to the root of the issue in order to treat more than just the symptom. When I needed to talk things out or ask questions, I never once felt like time was short. Dr. Burns moves fast, don't get me wrong, but when I've needed it, she'll sit down and talk and answer question until she's satisfied that I'm satisfied.Oh- I also strongly dislike the $2 fee for using a debit/credit card, and agree with previous reviewer that it should be the office's responsibility. Or they should get a better deal with their bank. I just bring my checkbook or cash.Overall, I've been very happy with Dr. Burns and I recommend her to friends.
4	Overall really satisfied. So my biggest concern with a GYN is their "bedside" manners. Office staff, wait time can all be forgiven for a really nice, sincere doctor. I moved from LA 3 years ago and up until this year, I drove back to see my gyn. She was incredible. I made the mistake of going to Deseret Women's Care before coming to Dr. Burns and it was awful. AWFUL. This appointment was for an annual so I cannot comment on how she is with any major medical issues.So let me break A Woman's Place down for you:CONS:1. Waited 30 minutes to get in.2. Office staff, neither here nor there.3. $2 charge for credit or debit...eh.4. REALLY small waiting area.PROS:1. As a new patient I could get an appointment the same week I went to book it. Dr Burns said it's because they are strictly a gyn office...not ob.2. Nurses were super nice, really friendly. Non-judgemental.3. Dr Robi Burns was about as down to earth as a doctor could be. She was caring, sincere, open, direct, had a sense of humor, and she did her best to make you feel as comfortable as possible without going overboard and making it awkward. 4. Dr Burns gave you the time and respect you deserve and need but she was in and out in a flash. Who wants to spend all day in there anyhow?5. A MATERIAL GOWN? No paper gown...sad but yes this is one of the highlights. Hopefully there will be no billing issues...that is always were I have issues.Everyone is different in what you are looking for and are comfortable with. I will definitely return and I would recommend them to my close friends (and family if they lived here).
2	Unimpressed.  After 3 visits, I've decided to move on to another Dr.  It was a average to mediocre experience  in general.  But then when there was no answer for the symptoms I was having and I was told there was nothing they could do, I decided I deserved better care.  By the way, the second Dr. I went to prescribed a treatment and my symptoms cleared up in a week.  So, if you are looking for basic pelvic/pap annuals, this place is ok.  but if you're in need of real diagnostic thinking outside the box or in need of someone who is on top of the latest information or holistic approach, then I would pass.
1	I have been a patient of Dr. Burns for over ten years. I see her for my yearly women wellness check ups. Last week I saw my primary care doctor who recommended I see my OBGYN as soon as possible. I called Dr. Burns office and they wouldn't fit me into their schedule for a week. But I took solace in knowing I was seeing my doctor who has treated me for so long, I trusted her, especially since my diagnosis may require surgery. I showed up for my appointment only to be turned away, as they stated I was a half hour late and the doctor already left for the day. I showed up at the right time, I even got their voice mail confirming it! I asked to see her partner who was still in the office treating patients, and was refused! They don't see each others patients. I explained how this was an emergency. They told me I needed to go to the ER or a quick care, and the women had such a smug look on her face. I was so disgusted and tired of arguing to people who obviously do not care, so I demanded my records. Which they wouldn't provide to me for another week. I have never been so displeased with a physicians office. Especially since I work in the field, no professional courtesy, let alone they could care less about their patients. If this is the support staff that Dr. Burns wants to depend on and surround herself with then I can no longer trust or rely on her as my physician.
2	I saw Haydee Docasar on 8/20/09, for a routine, yearly pap smear.I did not want any other tests, because I knew my insurance at the time would not pay for them.After my appointment,  I receive a bill from Quest diagnostics, for my pap smear, which was.....about $6. I paid it.After that, I receive another bill from Quest, only this time, for $160; for tests CPT CODES 87591- Gonorrhoeae and Trahomatis.UNKNOWN TO ME, something from MY BODY, was sent out for testing.I tried calling AWP, and had several missed attempts. An employee named "Jimmy" and I were playing phone tag. After several calls, with no response, I figured that the issue was fixed. Seeing as how I did not ask for any tests.1/30/10,I get a collections notice, for the $160.On 2/12 I sent a letter to AWP contesting these charges.During my visit, I was NEVER asked, nor where the tests addressed. I was not told by Docasar or the staff that samples would be sent to Quest for testing. I was there for a pap smear ONLY, and nothing else.I asked Docasar to pay the bill.I DO, along with any other patient, HAVE THE RIGHT OF REFUSAL.*****On 2/18 I receive an answer from AWP.Dr. Docasar follows the recommendations of the "American College of Obstertrics and Gynecology" for sexually active patients ages 19 to 35 is a yearly PAP that includes a screening for Gonorrhea and Chlamydia. This is their standards, which I did not see marked on their paperwork. Dr. Docasar agreed to pay the charges, and I was "dismissed" from Docasar's care and AWP.FINE WITH ME.The only reason why I'm giving her two stars is because she paid the charges. This place has NO right to do tests without patient's permission.Haydee Docasar took it upon herself to conduct these tests without discussing them with me, and if she would have let me know that they were "mandatory" with a pap smear, I would have put my pants on and walked right out.The filtered reviews on this place are also bad, I would check those out.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Docasar for several years and I would put my life in her hands, which I've done once already.  She is very caring and sincere, listens to my concerns and makes wonderful recommendations of supplements that don't require a prescription.It was Dr. Docasar that got my out-of-control fibroids under control several years ago by doing an ablation, even going out of her way to bring in a machine from out of state for the procedure.  The recovery time was really quick with very little pain.  I understand she's now able to do the procedures in the office.I'm currently undergoing painful menstrual cycles as my hormones are having a great time changing, and Dr. Docasar is working with me, discussing different options and providing an understanding ear.  It is very comforting to have someone I can trust so much that I've referred her to my sisters and friends.
1	*DO NOT SEE DR. BURNS*Found A Woman's Place after searching on the Internet, didn't have the greatest reviews but some people really seemed to like this place so I figured I would give it a shot. Arrived an hour before my appointment time to fill out paperwork, in a VERY tiny waiting room. When I got into the room they gave me a cloth examination gown, which was weird to me since I'm used to the paper disposable ones. (I just hope they are sanitary) I saw Dr. Byrnes, she was OK. I was there to get back on birth control since I had taken a pause for the last year or so. I was inquiring about a method other than the pill such as an IUD, etc. Dr. Byrnes said an IUD would not be suitable for me since I was getting on birth control to "balance my hormones/emotions". First of all, that is NOT the reason why I was going back on birth control. I was requesting birth control to CONTROL THE BIRTH OF BABIES. My second issue was, after getting a bunch of blood work done, I never received a call notifying me of my results. I know no news is good news, but I would still appreciate a call after it's been 3 weeks just for some peace of mind. Long story short, Dr. Byrnes refuses to make any alterations to my birth control until I have been on it for 3 months. I know my body better than anyone else, and I find it very frustrating that instead of working with me, she is putting up more blockades. I will not be returning to this doctors office.
1	This is easily the worst gyno I've been to. I have unfortunately been here twice and the second time only out of pure desperation because I needed a new script for the pill. Both times they messed up on my insurance information and i had to deal with my insurance, their office, and the lab that processed my Pap smear. No lie, that process took at least 4 months for everyone to get their act together. It was such a huge inconvenience that I was going to find another gyno for my second check up but I was running out of the pill and needed them to write me an emergency one month script till I could get an appointment. They forgot to call the prescription in. They forgot, after I called them twice to remind them what pharmacy and even their number!!! Like an idiot I didn't call target to check before hand and drove all the way there to find out that they FORGOT!!!!! I cannot stress enough how awful this place is and please for your own sanity do not go to this place. I will never be returning.
