4	Ok, this is one of my favorite places in my neighborhood.  I live nearby, so it is very convenient.  Not only that, but the food is great too.  Some of my favorite dishes are below........Breakfast - Frittatas.....they have several to choose from, they are all great.Lunch/Dinner - the New York Stromboli, Cajun Chicken Wrap, Pizza, and Pasta w/Proscuitto.With the number of big screen TVs in this place it is a great place to come and catch a Football game or playoff Basketball/World Series game while getting something to eat.  They offer personal speakers that you can have at your table so you can pick which game to listen to while dining.
4	Pretty nice place.  A bit far from where I live in Henderson, but I'll stop by if I have the chance.  The place has a bar in the middle for all the sports fantatics, and for those who want to get drunk.  Then the tables our set up surrounding the bar, but it's hard for some tables to see the game going on because the Big Screen TV's are set up in the middle, and the ceiling kind of blocks your view from the TV's, but it's ok.  It's more about the food anyways if you feel like eating there because once you look at the menu, the choices sound so good that it's hard to choose right away.  The portions are big and the food tastes really good.  It's not usually busy either, and the service was good when i was there.
4	This was our 1st time and this is as good as Nora's w/o the long line on Saturday night. I had the veal with potatoes (in a brown sauce) and my sig. other had Chicken/eggplant/prosciutto/Parm both were excellent.Used to live in NYC and this was as good as I used to get there. Also good to keep vampires away (copious amounts of garlic), mmm.
5	My new favorite Italian place (since Mama Jo's went under). The food is excellent, and the evening we were there the service was as well. They have great specials on Mondays and Tuesdays that help you stretch your budget, and they also have coupons on Restaurant.com.
2	This was our first time after hearing that the food was good. This is also our last time. The waiter actually lied to us and I caught him and he knows I caught him! Everything was fine. Food was pretty good and my party and I even discussed coming back because we thought the food was good. While waiting for our food we asked for more bread. Alfredo, our waiter barely acknowledged our request but we knew he heard us. We waited and the bread never came. Our food arrives and we ask for the bread again. He barely acknowledges us again. Still no bread. We're almost done eating. Alfredo comes and says bread is being freshly made and will be about 10 minutes. We say fine. A few minutes later I catch Alfredo surreptitiously, rushing by with a basket of bread to another table! Unbelievable! Then he comes back to our table, without bread, mind you, and asks if we need anything else. I ask what the deal with the bread is and he says, of course, he'll bring it right away! I say never mind, just bring the check... I did call the GM to make her aware of what happened but we will never be going back there. Again, food was good. If you want decent food with bad service, then check it out. Your choice.
2	Half price night you can eat alot of food. However the food is mediocre and the service is so so. The place  resembles a big sports bar with dinning off to the side.Now for the food: My spaghetti was pretty bland, the veal was tough, the fries cold, the salads under dressed. The bread sticks were pretty good as was the hamburger and the pizza. The deserts were pretty good. I believe there were 6 of us and we got out the door for $107 tax and tip. So if price is your objective go mondays or wensdays for a good deal
2	Went on a weeknight with my sister, her husband and my nephew. There were only two other tables of two going. Service was awful, waited about 10 minutes until someone actually took the drink order. When I ordered, I got the meatball sub where the meatballs are so big, you cant eat it with your hands, you have to use a fork and knife. Well, when i came out, it was a full loaf of bread with 4 meats that weren't much bigger than a golf ball. They put so much sauce on it, the bread was soggy and the meatballs were undercooked. I would give them a 1, but the waitress didn't mind putting juice in my nephews bottle and the chicken fingers were good. I may have picked a bad day to go, but I think service and quality of food should be great Monday thru Sunday.
4	Let me start out by saying if you go to Carmine's thinking your eating at a Mario Batali type establishment, well then sure you'll be disappointed.   if you go there however, thinking you're going to a casual, fun local bar with an Italian menu, I have no doubt you'll enjoy yourself.  Carmines is an interesting juxtaposition of sports bar and restaurant.  I love sitting at the bar and grabbing a couple cool suds on a hot night and exploring their tasty and simple menu.  One of my absolute favorites is their greek salad.  Its nothing fancy but is chocked full of fresh veggies and tasty feta cheese.  If Im feeling a bit more ambitious, I'll sometimes venture over to sandwiches of which I really enjoy the eggplant parmigiana.  Its huge and topped with tasty marinara.  The fries are nothing amazing but always come hot and crisp, which for most restaurants is a challenge.  I also really enjoy their various pasta dishes.  The kitchen staff understands the concept of al dente and the portions are generous.  My only complaint is their pasta trends a little on the pricey side whereas I find the other sections of the menu (sandwiches, salads, pizzas) very reasonable.  The bartenders and servers are always accommodating and as an added bonus the video poker machines at the bar seem to payout better than some other local places.  Overall, Carmine's is not reinventing italian food nor are they even claiming they have the best stuff in town.  What they do accomplish is simple, delicious Italian in a sports bar/restaurant concept that is usually dominated by the same ubiquitous fare like chicken fingers or wings.  Im thrilled to have Carmines in the neighborhood.  Id probably be thrilled to have a Batali place in the neighborhood too, I just couldn't afford to pop in as much as I do at Carmines.
1	I came here because its very close to my work, and I had heard an ad for it on the radio claiming, "grandmothers Italian cooking," or something along the lines of that.  When I pulled up I remember thinking to myself, "Geez, I hope this isn't incredibly over-priced crappy bar food."It was.Walking inside all I could hear was the announcements of a horse race, and a commercial for Prostate disorder...yumm!!After seating us, our waiter introduced himself as Alfredo.Immediately I looked on the menu for Fettuccine Alfredo, his name made me crave it, lol.  Was it on there? Nope. I went in hoping to get some kind of yummy Italian dish, but after looking at the menu I could tell it wasn't going to happen. My dear friend and I decided that nothing really caught our eye, and decided to just split the vegetarian pizza.  It was bland, and the artichoke hearts tasted horrible, I gagged on a bite of them. I gagged on a $10.00 individual pizza. For the service and the quality of the food, $10.00 should have been the price for 2 meals. Ugh, I will not be returning.Heres what it comes down to: crappy decor, crappy atmosphere, (unless you like to watch and listen to nothing but sports, which is understandable since it is a bar) crappy service, crappy pizza, crappy prices. Crappy lunch. :/.
5	I haven't gone to Carmines for over a year but it use to be one if my favorite Italian places.  Loved the shrimp on the stone and the chicken Marsala.  The shrimp pizza, caesar salad, and many other dishes there were also great.  Their kitchen opens 24/7
1	This place was terrible...I hope it re-opens as something totally different (if it ever does re-open).  I had the stromboli and my brother had the chicken cacciatore...both were totally bland and uninspiring.  The restaurant was nearly empty..I think we were literally just starving and that's why we didn't leave when we saw the signs...terrible ambiance...
4	Reopening this friday
4	This location just reopened 4/12/12! Totally remodeled & looking much BETTER than before! I recommend their cheese pizza & Carmine's salad!
5	Carmine's is back! My wife and I have been waiting for Carmine's to open up again for a couple years now. Carmine finally got his baby back and has done an amazing job with the place. The decor is perfectly Italian and the food delicious and the service is warm and friendly. Just like it was years ago. The homemade meatballs and the chicken parm is awesome. It's also nice to have the family roaming thru the restaraunt talking all the guests. Old school Italian style. Go there, you'll love it! Don't forget to have the tiramisu.
5	I was waiting 'til we got back home to CA to draft this review, and found that Louie D had pretty much said it for me.  The only things I'd add are to try the Lasagna, which is about as comforting as it can possibly be, the Pizza, which is a true traditional treat, and the Cheesecake, which is creamy and rich and . . . if you're too full to have it after your meal, ask them to pack it up for you to-go!
4	We waited for this place to open for quite awhile, and it was well worth the wait.  Great service, delicious food, nice menu items.  They have excellent happy hour specials. It's quiet and comfortable. The chicken parm is tasty, and portions are not over the top. I can't wait to try some dessert. The spumoni cake looks yummy.
5	There is a sign in the door that says "No Foul Language!"Love it!!I am taking it up to 5 stars!!Grant, our server, was amazing!!The food is really, really fantastic.I recommend anything with marinara sauce (such as the chicken parm sandwich)On another occasion, I had the chicken Marsala... pretty rad!! With great linguine!!The bar is secluded and have never been packed and loud when I was there. The beer isn't anything spectacular, but they do have a few off breweries for the flavor seekers. Also, there are TVs all around the bar, making it great for sports fans.Deff check this place out and get a take out menu for later ;)
5	I always try the breakfast deal and its great price and great service. even though one lady is always perfoming but she keep everything on the chart. Coffee is freshly brewed and Italian omlet is made with pfresh and tasty. $2.99 breakfast special is a steal.
4	Great local bar.  Food is good, I grew up working for an Italian restaurant so my sauce tastes are different but I've had great meatball hoagies, patty melts and more here.  Gambling is good here as well.  They have an inside bar sealed off by glass (for smoking) and a sizable dining room that surrounds the whole bar.  The bartenders are beautiful and friendly, you're guaranteed to feel comfortable here.  They also have TV's in every direction so if there's a game you're looking for it will be on one of them I'm sure.
4	I live right around the corner from this location and I have been here several times since they reopened. They had been closed for more than a year and I honestly didn't think they were going to come back again, but I'm really glad they did. From what I understand the owner sold this place & now he bought it back and it seems much improved since their reopening. I had been here once with my gf prior to their remodeling and everything seems much improved. I can only comment on the bar area and I've never dined in for dinner, which is why I only can give 4 stars. I'm looking forward to eating dinner there one of these nights but I usually just go into the bar to have drinks, eat small apps and play video keno. They are open 24/7 and i usually go in during the swing shift or late night. I've always had a really great time and the bartenders are really fun and personable which makes me feel happy about going here. I've tried their clams with both white and red sauce as well as the tiramisu. I love everything I've had so far--the food is very flavorful which is the way I like it. The broth for the clams is very savory and garlicly which is the way I love my food to taste. The tiramisu was sweet, but not overly so with a strong espresso & cocoa flavor...just the way i love it. The thing that keeps me coming back is the service. The people who work here are very down to earth and easy going which is important to me and keeps me coming back. They have a very interesting set up also where the bar is completely enclosed and the dining room seating is around it. I suppose this makes it possible for smokers to smoke in the bar area without disturbing the diners. I'm not a regular smoker so this isn't a big deal for me but I guess it allows smokers to be comfortable in the bar without disturbing the diners. I will update again once I go in for a complete dinner. I have a feeling I will be happy and will be able to add another star for a total of 5 stars. If you live around here and have been thinking about going in, give them a try. I am a big fan. I can even walk home!
3	Im glad to see the place is back, but its not 100% the same, Penne Alla Vodka and philly cheesesteaks arent on the menu anymore. The bread sandwich rolls are different from before, the pizza doesn't taste like oldskool villa pizza anymore! I wish they served big pizzas as well I'd carry out from them and come by more often if they did. The fried mozzarella, and pastas overall are still as good as they used to be! The service, well? what do you expect when the vento family is running it, its excellent!
4	Back in biz!  We missed the old Carmine's and are glad they are back.  The sporting decor is missing, and the bar is all closed up, but the food is good!The fried calamari were big, crispy and the spicy tomato dipping sauce was good.  This was a great starter.  I then tried the penne putanesca.  It is served with penne pasta, anchovies, capers, onions, with a garlic and tomato sauce.  I added chicken to the dish and it was very tender.Overall, a good meal, great service and a nice atmosphere.
4	Excellent service. Breakfast was yummy. Nice atmosphere.
5	UPDATE!! We stopped in for Breakfast and it was as good as dinner and take out :)The server was very friendly, helpful and personable. We loved her. The meal was delivered quickly and was fantastic... Italian Omelet with sausage and red sauce. Really good. We just cannot get enough of Carmine's.Please keep it up folks!!
1	Went there for lunch...hardly anyone in the place. Ask the waitress if she think we'd beable to get in and out and she replied yes. Placed our order  but it took almost 30 minutes. Finally our food comes out. I had the meatball sandwich and salad. It hardly had any sauce which was so light in color as if they ran out of tomatoes or something. Anyway I tasted a piece of the meatball and it was flavorless and mushy. I poured extra sauce hoping I could get pass the mushiness but I couldn't take a 3rd bite of that rolled up ball of pate. Tried the salad and it was wiltered. I couldn't eat any of it. Disappointed as I was so hungry. The other table of  customers had to get up to find the server as well as we did but instead got the busboy. In turn I told him the meatballs were mushy and the lettuce was wiltered...he did nothing but argue with me as if that would make it better. Wtf...this place is terrible now and it was just as bad before they were shut down.  No more chances at carmines. I should've went to subway for a $2 meatball sandwich.
4	Basically addicted to the no-brainer $2.99 breakfast special here. Two eggs any style, a pile of hash browns, two quality bacon strips, and two pieces of toast. It's NOT on the menu, and they won't tell you about it, but it is advertised on a solitary yard banner facing South on Durango Rd. (The same breakfast on the menu is $8+.) Accidentally wake up at 7AM and there's no food in the fridge? Let's go to Carmines!Awesome TV setup throughout the restaurant and bar. Possibly the biggest and most HD screens in an independent bar in the city. No squinting at all from the average vantage point. One of the best spots watch a game in public. The non-smoking area on the North side of the restaurant is my favorite.I did notice that they refill their ketchup bottles - gross, obviously crusty bottles. The refill ketchup is runnier than Heinz, too. Just a pet peeve. Maybe I should get over it.Have not eaten from the dinner menu here yet. Looking forward to it someday!
3	I guess i will give them 3 stars.  came here for a work holiday party.  the appetizers were really good. i had the eggplant parmesan for my entree which was really good as well.  the pasta was mediocre.  the service was incredibly slow, granted i think the waitress was overwhelmed by our party of ~30. i asked 2 different waitresses 3 separate times (total) for a drink menu before i finally got it. then had to wait forever to order the drink.  when it finally came it was delicious, though. however, upon receiving my second drink, the waitress spilled it all over me.  she apologized and offered me club soda and a towel.  while i was cleaning myself up, at my seat, she took my plate! i was not done eating.  so by then i was very upset.overall the food was pretty good, the drinks were good, and i think the service would probably be good if you are not with a large party. i would give them a second chance.
5	This place is great and for sure a family favorite. Always good food and even greater service. They start you off with oil, vinaiger and bread and go to a full menu of pasta, salads and our favorite... WINGS!! Las Vegas owned and we love them!
4	We came to Carmine's around 12:30 a.m. and even though it was late there was no exception for grade A customer service. I was with my pregnant wife who had a craving for Italian food after getting off of a long days worth of work.  When we walked in there was no one at the door, which is expected given the time. We proceeded to the bar area and we were quickly greeted by a friendly bartender. He offered us to either dine at the bar or in the restaurant.. Being with my pregnant wife of course I choose for us to dine in the restaurant the bartender didn't seem one bit bothered and offered for us to sit where ever we would like. Not wanting to be an inconvenience we choose a seat not too far from the bar which ended up being a plus as I was able to watch the food get prepared. The one downer was that because it was late I was unable to redeem my free tiramisu it was expected a there is a limited late night menu. The bartender was quick to being us drinks and quick to take our order. We ordered a pepperoni, cheese pizza and a chicken Parmesan and angel pasta plate. On a plus he offered up some free fresh out of the oven garlic bread sticks while we waited for our order. Right after finishing up those bread sticks the food promptly came out and was good. The pizza tasted great and reminded me of old school villa pizza days when Joey and Carmine use to run all of villa pizzas in town. The pasta was bland but once mixed with the chicken it definitely brought it together. A great quote my wife made that night was "If there food is this good at night what's it like during the day". Definitely a great establishment will definitely be visiting it again.
5	I came to carmines once again on Friday 3/23/2013 at 12:45 am. Just like last time my pregnant wife had a craving. SO OFF TO CARMINES!!! As soon as we walked in we saw through the bar area that the same bartender (Anthony) that helped us last time was working today as well.  As we walked in I was headed to the bar area to ask Anthony if we could possibly dine in the dining room area. Before I could make it to the bar door he was already walking out with 2 glasses of water and 2 menus and promptly offered to sit us at the same table at which we dined last time. I was glad that he had taken the initiative to great us and seat us before I asked. I have to say that this gentlemen is AWESOME he is a quality employee. Let me begin to explain why.... Carmines is a Restaurant and Bar. I can tell that the restaurant part is a full on restaurant given the please wait to be seated and the greeter podium. The bar part I can tell is a full on bar as it is enclosed from the dining area. It's quite obvious when entering after 12:00am that the dining area is closed as the lights are dim and there is clearly no waitress or bus boy or greeter. The bar is open though and you can tell because there have always been patrons when I've been in the establishment and there is a clear window straight to the bar where you will see a bartender manning the bar. Having been to prior establishments like this most bartenders prefer for you to dine in the bar area, this way the bartender can offer their assistance without having to leave the bar itself. Also I have always thought of it as they're bartenders not waiters so they really have no need to work the dining area. The fact that this bartender is kind enough to allow you the option to dine in the dining area or sit at the bar was FABULOUS!!!! After all I went into the bar to give him thanks for the great service and I noticed at that time that he had a full bar and was multitasking both the bar and dining area. THAT'S WHY I THINK ANTHONY IS AN AWESOME EMPLOYEE!!Back to the review!! lolAfter being seated the cook came out and remembered us from last time and said you're the man with his pregnant wife that came last time egh?! And I said "yes" he shook my hand and said "we will make you great food!" We ordered the eggplant parmesan with angel hair pasta and a pepperoni pizza. Once again the food was delightful. The pasta was pasta but once mixed with the eggplant it was definitely tasteful. The pepperoni pizza was delicious and filling so much that we ended up having to take half of it to go.I highly recommend Carmines especially if you are being served by Anthony the graveyard bartender. He has a great personality and is very customer centric.
5	As hubby and I were debating what to have for dinner, our friend called to ask if we wanted to meet up at Carmine's. Her timing couldn't have been more perfect or the choice of grub. Just a few days before we tried going at night but after being served our drinks and placing our orders we were told that they realized they couldn't serve us because they had a cook not show up. Denied!Upon entering Carmine's this visit we were seated right away. I wanted to start out with the "Mozzarella Fritta" priced at $7.95. When it arrived to our table it was obvious it had been cooked too long. I think it had potential to be tasty if it was cooked right. The sauce that came with it though was really good. I knew I wanted to have pizza so we ordered a "1/2 Sausage & 1/2 Pepperoni Pizza" priced at $9.45 and a "Carmine's Special" priced at $11.95. Both were good! Our friend ordered the "Chicken Parmigiana" priced at $14.95. She shared some of the chicken with me so I could try and I have to say that I would for sure order it. It had good flavor and lots of gooey cheese!  I grew sort of frustrated when my drink stayed empty. One of the managers noticed my empty drink and that the others at my table needed theirs refilled too and quickly had drinks out to us. She then took the time to ask us how our meal went and seemed genuinely concerned for her customers and their happiness. The thing that stood out most was her passion for the food. I appreciate great food (who doesn't?!) but great service goes a long way too.I almost forgot to check in on yelp and at the end of the meal I did and realized that with your first check on on yelp you get a free piece of "Tiramisu"! Score! I showed it to the server and asked if it was too late and he said it wasn't too late at all. Before I knew it there was a piece of tiramisu big enough for us to share.  It was very delicious. Now that I have tried this piece of heaven I will more then likely get it on future visits and ask for it wrapped to have for dessert.Carmine's is open 24 hours and has a special late night menu.
3	Awwww shucks. The $2.99 breakfast special is no longer. The regular-priced breakfast IS still tasty, though. (I can't imagine that they weren't making money on the $2.50 coffee and $2.50 juice which usually gets ordered alongside the special. Oh well!)Would like to stop in for dinner one of these days!
1	So last night I was in the area and when this place first opened my family and I loved it. I would soon learn regret eating here again. I called and asked if the dining area was open to.children and the bartender let me know the dining area had been closed in general.but she would still let us eat there. Because of her sweet offer I was stoked. Had I had known the dining area was closed everyday because of lack of business I would NOT have eaten there. We had 2 orders of Ravioli, the fried mozzerella, the cesar salad and bread with alfredo sauce for dipping as well as marinara. The Alfredo sauce, which I used to love was a lifeless salty cream of a sauce not tasting anything like alfredo. The marinara sauce was gross too. The tomatoes tasted off beat and kind of old. The ravioli was cold in the middle leaving the cheese to be gross inside. The cesar salad was DISGUSTING. They over dressed the salad and the dressing itself was bitter and bad. The lettuce also tasted dirty. Over all it was a nighmare. We blew $50 on feeling sick and getting grossed out. From our dirty dusty table to the ghost town inside we should have known better. There was a time I used to Crave their Chicken Alfredo. Not any more. I learned the old head chef was no longer there and I think when he left he took the love in the food with him. The bartender was super sweet but as I sent back my salad in a rejection of unhappiness her probing questions told me she was upset I was not willing to pay for something I would not eat. We should have walked out and left but I suffer consequences of my poor decision making.  This is another Restaraunt Impossible waiting to happen. Heck Mr. Irving would clean up on shows from Local Vegas joints. Do not eat at Carmines's even my fried Mozzerella was.over cooked. No love in the food whatsoever
5	LOVE Carmines! This place has great food and friendly staff.Plus they serve 24 hours a day! Love It!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. My family and I have frequented it for years. When they closed to remodel we were sad but now they're back open and back under the original management which makes the place even more awesome. Service is great every time. Connie (one of the family owners/managers) is always checking on everything and on all the customers which I always enjoy seeing in any business Food is delicious, pasta is always cooked perfectly al dente. Greek salad is AMAZING, I don't know what they put in their dressing but yum. Shrimp on a stone appetizer, I've never seen anywhere else and it's tasty. They have a wide variety of options on their menu from bar food to Italian & they will make pretty much anything you want if it's possible. They have a good variety of beers (bottles & draft) which is great, plus plenty of TVs for game watching! There's really nothing to dislike about Carmine's.
