4	I must say that Sears has impressed me over the last couple of weeks.  I ordered an electric mower online to pick up in store and the process was so easy, plus I got 4% cash back for going through http://www.ebates.com/rf.do?referrerid=D%2BzVWKmRzUJI8C90ZWeLZA%3D%3D  They emailed me to confirm the order was ready in minutes.  I printed the email, borught it to the store, scanned the bar code at the kiosk, and the employee brought the mower out within 2 minutes.  If they don't bring your order out in 5 minutes, they will give you a $5 off coupon.  The employee also brought it to my car and put it in my trunk.A few days later, I saw that the price had dropped by $16.  Sears has a 14 day price match guarantee, including their own stores, so I filled out their quick online form.  The next day I received an email stating they were refunding my credit card for $16!  Though this store carries more and is a little more organized than the Rock Hill store, I also had a good experience there yesterday, so a review for them is soon to come.
5	My husband and I purchased several appliances and a mattress at this Sears location recently.  We worked with Shannon Drummond and am so glad he was the person who helped us the first time.  We always check his schedule before coming in for purchases.  He walked us through purchasing our first (brand new) washer and dryer and refrigerator for our new home and helped us to coordinate delivery with our closing date.  I will never buy an appliance from anyone else, or anywhere else.  He gave us insight on the prices, helped us to time the purchases to correspond with the best "times of year" - one was their big anniversary sale and another was a private friends and family event he made us aware of.  Both times, he was right - the prices have not gotten any lower since those purchases and I checked regularly for the few months between our purchases and the delivery of our appliances.  We had a great experience with Shannon and the appliance department of Sears.I also have my vision exams at this location with Dr. Paul Johnson, and usually get my glasses in their optical center.  I have had great experiences both with Dr. Johnson and the optical staff.  My glasses always arrive promptly and the prices are extremely reasonable.This is an excellent Sears location with plenty to offer!  Definitely come here for your appliance and optical needs!
5	When I think of the department stores that I like, I think Lord & Taylor and Nordstrom...but I have bought a few appliances from Sears lately and have been very, very happy.  The selection is huge, prices are fair and delivery is timely and efficient.  I've bought 2 washing machines and one dryer, and presumably they came from this store.
