5	Had a chance to enjoy Frank at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan twice - totally awesome both times.  The lobster mac n cheese dog of course was amazing.  The other dog I tried was the nightly special - I forgot what it was called but it had tomato jam, arugula, nuts, and pancetta on it - it was so freakin' good that I still have cravings for it... Maybe it was called the Wayne Newton?  I don't know, but it was awesome and went really well with the homemade chips.  Highly recommend you try this place ASAP!!!
5	I had a dog with a pretzel bun outside the Reggie and the Full Effect show. The truck's engine had the flu or something, but Adam still managed to post up a portable setup and be there as promised. It was one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, and I'm not just saying that because we're friends. The dog was gigantic and cooked to perfection, and you can't go wrong with a pretzel bun. As I stood there with a gob full of meat and bread telling him how great it was, he shrugged it off and said "making a good hot dog isn't complicated." and he's right - it isn't. Still, it's easy to get it wrong. Plus, I didn't quite get the full experience one would get at his truck where he's able to get really creative with it.I've known Adam for years - we started out as poker buddies, but I watched him develop and follow his passion for cooking. I've had his cooking several times over the years, and it has always been good. I'm happy to see him with his own truck and business, and I hope it's an immense success... he deserves it. He uses only the finest ingredients, and he's one of the most creative chefs I've met. There's a reason he keeps appearing in newspaper articles and online interviews. He's about as close to a local celebrity chef as we've got, and he's just getting started. Go check out his website, or follow him on facebook to see where he's going to be next and do yourself a favor and go try one of his creations. You'll thank me later.
5	I guess you can categorize me as one of those phoenix hipster living veggie people. Glad I finally got a chance to try this truck out, they've been on my foodie list for a couple of months and they braved the ride to Gilbert. First off service was awesome and the owner Adam was super nice in answering and modifying my dog for me. I decided to go for protein style (hold the bun) and the quality of the dog was still phenomenal. Let me tell you the BEST VEGAN/VEGETARIAN dog I've had in this state. Even a non-veggie came over to double check they gave him a veggie dog versus the real thing. I opted for the delicious habanero ketchup, spicy brown mustard, dill relish and yummy sauerkraut. Originally Cali bred, I'm thankful for this truck and the options for us "special" people.
4	Excellent food, made my own combination. I will look for them in the future!
5	Good service, good food, nice looking truck, friendly, amazing gelato, vegetarian and vegan friendly, good fried pickles, reasonably priced. Check them out!
5	The bahn mi with chicken apple sausage on a brioche bun might be the best frank I've had in my life. The girl taking orders was funny and friendly. Took about ten minutes for us to get our dogs. They actually screwed up my friend's order, but replaced it with the correct sausage really quickly.Prices were reasonable for the quality.
5	Excellent service, excellent food. Amazing and innovative.  How has Food network missed these guys?
5	We have a number of different food trucks that roll through where I work on Fridays... Frank is easily the best we've ever featured.  Pretzel buns are no stranger to me, I've had many a sandwich / burger on some of the best pretzel buns man can create.  But I've never had an all beef dawg on an elongated pretzel bun - it was epic.  Topped with lobster mac n' cheese - with dirty chips on the side - I am in food truck heaven.  The service was great, everything was fresh, and the only thing I didn't like was how hard it was to decide what to get.  LE GIT - and for a hot dog of this quality and a side of chips, $13 is more than reasonable.  I will seek them out on their facebook page and definitely be back for more - these guys are doing it right!It should be noted that the only hot dog I've ever had that was better was up in Vancouver, B.C... but I was so far from sober I'm not certain my reasoning can be trusted.
5	AMAZING!! Lets just start off by saying I LOVE HOT DOGS!! When I found this food truck I was in heaven. A Bratwurst with Lobster Mac & Cheese on a Pretzel Bun, Forget about it!! This truck is amazing, everything I've had is delicious. If you are in the mood for a "not so ordinary" hot dog, brat or sausage dog you have to find this truck.
4	The lobster mac&cheese is definitely my best bet here. The taste really gets stuck in your mouth. Just looking at it already makes my mouth drool. The flavor from this food is by far the best I have tasted so far. Another choice I would recommend is the dirty chips. Really good stuff.
1	Unorganized, understaffed, over rated, enough said, we waited for over an hour for a hot dog
5	Absolutely delicious hot dog with pretzel bread & the lobster mac and cheese on top! I will definitely go back again!
3	Long lines are typically a good sign of a solid food truck, but I think they might have been having some internal/logistical issues at the time. Ordered the chicken Mr. Bahn Mi-Yagi and was severely underwhelmed. Maybe their grill wasn't working 100% but the dog just about matched the air temp after our wait and the flavors left me wanting so much more. I felt like the small amount of radishes had more of a bite than the sriracha sauce did, which was really strange.Maybe the sun sapped my sense of taste but I felt like I had just eaten a truck stop wiener and not the gourmet experience I had been hyped to try for so long. I'd be willing to try again, but not that particular dog. The 3AM looked interesting, and the elotes locos dog looked really tasty, I think I might have just ordered their weakest offering in the bahn mi dog. Meh.
2	This was a huge disappointment.  I had to chase this truck for 2 days.  The first day that their website said 4:00, after waiting for 1/2 hour we were told that they would not open for 3 hours.  We followed them the next day and they showed up way late.  The Mainer had maybe 4 tiny pieces that smelled like fish, the mac and cheese was ok at best.  Hot dog was good (?) and the pretzel roll was awesome.  We will never go back.
4	Frank Food Truck parked itself outside my work today, so I decided to treat myself and see if the dogs lived up to the hype.  I have to say, the food here is pretty tasty.  The process is simple: pick your dog type (I wanted polish sausage but they were out, so went for the chicken apple sausage instead), pick your bun (brioche or pretzel) and then pick from pre-created gourmet dogs, or create your own with a variety of toppings.  I ordered the Mr. Bahn Mi-Yagi, which had Vietnamese inspired toppings.  The toppings itself were fantastic!  Lemongrass pickled carrots and daikon, fresh jalapenos, cucumbers with a sriracha aoili - what's not to love!  The only thing was that my sausage itself was pretty small.  My friend ordered an all beef dog, and his was almost twice the size of mine, so that put a small damper on things, but all in all the flavors were spot on.  I also ordered a side of their dirty chips, which come with bacon, cheese, sauteed onions and more sriacha aoili.  These were super tasty.  My only request would be to chop up the bacon more finely so I can get more bacon in more bites (they were semi large pieces, so only a few chips got the full mix of flavor experience). With that said, 2 thumbs up for Franks franks! ;)
5	The truck is at our office today... a new thing we're doing at work (yay!)Let me just tell you - these aint the dogs your mamma used to make. First of all, the quality of the dog itself is obvious. No "necks and feet" in this dog. You can tell it's made of quality cuts of meat. I decided to "go big" so I got the "Maine Squeeze" on a pretzel bun with the garlic romano chips. Oh Em Gee....Pretzel bun was nice and soft and slightly grilled - there was a tiny bit of a crunch to it which was fantastic. Very tasty and the right way to do a fancy dog.The mac and cheese was delish... done right, as in roux, slow cooked, good cheeses, etc. I couldn't taste (or see) lobster, so I'm not sure about that part. The chips - super awesome. Done right, that's for sure. I wish more restaurants/trucks knew how very easy it was to make homemade potato chips. Some people cry about the prices, but believe you me, this isn't your typical boiled questionable weenie in a potato bun with ketchup and mustard... this is gourmet all the way and worth the $10 for a dog and chips. I'm FULLLLLLL. An Oscar Mayer doesn't get me full... this big dog did. Glad they came by - I'll be looking for them again.
5	Those hotdogs tho.Frank is a cool looking truck with killer food.  The flavors are fun and interesting and work really well.  Can't wait to try more from them!
