5	Rum Raisin!! ....'Nuf said!!!  ;-)
4	Ummmm.....Mister distributor in Scottsdale! Where the h-e double-l is my rum raisin ice cream?? You have been out for a while now! Lost a star til its back. I tried the Vanilla Honey Bee. Creamy and somewhat like French Vanilla at first bite. But then, you taste the subtle honey flavor. Its good,  but you should be a big honey fan... otherwise don't get it.Natalie's F*#! the Recession tip:Large Hot Coffee for only $1
5	Try the Dulche De Leche Milkshake. Yummm....When we have lunch at the food court in Scottsdale Fashion Square, I do not get a drink with the lunch, instead I get the gazzilion calorie full Dulche Shake. Yummm...Yumm....I could go on and on...lolz.
4	I love this store, especially in the summer. This one was being slammed with one person behind the counter. We were served in good time, though.
5	Mojo is wonderful but my FAV yogurt is Haagen Daz at the biltmore. But they only have 2 flavors: sugar free chocolate and vanilla. Thank god their chocolates are terrible because I have no willpower and since I live across the street: I would gain 10 pounds a week if their chocolates were as good as their ice cream and yogurt!!
4	I've been eating Haagen Dazs at Biltmore Fashion Square since I was teeny. Rum Raisin, to be specific. Yes, even when i was teeny, I was a foodie with some interesting tastebuds.It's a little different than it was when I was in highschool (in 198... cough cough) a while back, then my friends and I used to pile into my parent's Valiant and spill out hot and hungry, headed for rum raisin and giggling and gossip outside while we watched the moneyed preppy boys go by. But it's still good, I like getting my Haagen Dazs not out of a carton in the grocery store.
4	Great place to just go for desserts.
1	Not impressed. My coworker and I were waiting for a movie across the street and decided to try and beat the heat by getting some ice cream. I have allergies to soy so I have to be very careful about what I eat as it is in *everything* these days. There were two gentlemen in the store one dark haired and kinda sullen looking,  the other heavy set. I failed to get their names as I was quickly put out by our experience and just wanted to leave. The heavy set guy was busy with a customer so we asked the dark haired one if there was nutritional information available and politely explained I had allergies and had to be aware of everything I eat. He looked at us blankly and kind of put out sounding responded "I have it in a book." There was a pause as he just stood there staring like we were some sort of circus oddity. Finally, my coworker politely asked if we could see the book. Without saying anything and with a slight roll of his eyes he turned, grabbed the book and shoved it in my face kinda rudely. I took it from him and turned away from him because it was clear he had some sort of problem. I remarked to my coworker "Friendly... Love that" because he clearly was not.Perhaps he despised his low paying job. Perhaps he thought we looked too low class to be in his presence. Perhaps he was having a bad day. Perhaps he was just a jerk. Whatever the case, his unfriendliness and and our unwelcome  were palpable. I flipped absentely through the book but quickly decided I really had a problem giving money to a store who had employees that seemed to think openly treating customers with disrespect was okay . Handing the book back to the employee in question, I smiled and said thank you as we left. As if this wasn't enough, as we were leaving I noted that he never took his eyes off of us and even kind of elbowed his co worker and started making some sort of comment while staring us down through the window of the store as we left. They chuckled amongst themselves if full view of us as I watched. They seemed not to care that I could see their every move. When I called back after we left and asked to speak to a manager, at first I was put on hold while whoever answered said they would go get the manager. A couple seconds later, the same person came back and said, "Oh I'm sorry. She's not here." He then informed me he had no idea when she would be back in. Call me crazy, but I find it hard to believe in a store of that size one could be unaware their manager was no longer in the store and further could not give me any sort of estimation of when she was expected except to say she was "usually" around in the morning. At any rate, I have scarcely been treated so rudely in a customer service environment ever. So, to the manager, whoever you may be, I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly, I really don't care what his problem was. Not my issue. I couldn't care any less what he thought of me or my coworker. However, I steadfastly refuse to give my hard earned money to a store which allows this kind of blatantly unacceptable behavior from one of its employees. Next time, I'll just find a Ben and Jerry's or simply endure the heat without aid.
