5	They just opened yesterday. The staff was fantastic! They made sure to accomodate us any way they could. The arcade games and prizes were great for the kids. The laser tag arena was a bit small but so amazing. There's a viewing deck to look at the arena before you go in. The vests are lighter then the ones at Adventure Dome and LaserQuest. This place was so much better. They have a family fun pack for $38, it includes 4 games (four players), $10 in tokens, and 4 sodas. They do have snack bar which is great when you play more than one game. All the staff was energetic about the game. One of the employees even played the game with us. We had a blast here and it is much closer to our house than LaserQuest. We can't wait to go back and play with a bigger group!!! Thanks BattleBlast for making opening day rock!!!!
5	Spending our money at Battle Blast Laser Tag was a lot more fun than losing it in the casinos! My husband and I were on vacation and after a few hours on the strip we decided to venture out and have some fun playing Laser Tag. On our way to the hotel from the airport we heard a radio ad for Battle Blast's grand opening so we thought we'd give it a try. The place was very easy to find and could be seen from the main road. We were greeted by two very friendly and knowledgeable  employees as soon as we walked in the door. The entire place was super clean including the bathrooms! We really liked the decorations and theme, especially inside the 2 story arena where we played a game of laser tag with about 20 other people. We didn't play any arcade games with tickets, but the kids that were there seemed to be having a great time. The snack bar looked like it had a good variety although we didn't we didn't eat there because we had dinner reservations back at our hotel. The owners were there too and were very nice to talk to. We visit Vegas a few times a year and will definitely be adding Battle Blast Laser Tag to our list of "must do" things to do while visiting Las Vegas!
4	Being quite the laser tag fan fanatic I had high hopes for Battle Blast Laser Tag and was not disappointed. The staff was very friendly (and cute), and were really energetic and made sure everyone had a great time. The battle arena was very large, however I did play a game with 30 or more people and couldn't go anywhere without getting shot, so I spent the majority of the game in down time. The equipment was very light you do however have to always have both hands on the gun or it will not shoot which makes shooting to the side difficult. I really did like how you only had to hit a person with the laser once for you to get points as oppose to laser quest where you have to do a hail Mary just to get some points. I really hope they do something like laser quest on weekend nights where it's an extreme game, 30 minutes of laser tag and if you get shot you're down for 1 second, if they did that I'd go more often. Overall it was a great time and I will definitely be back to play more.
5	I went to eat at Marie Calender's with my younger brother and he noticed that there was a laser tag place in the same shopping center. So after we got done eating we went to Battle Blast and we were promptly greeting by a staff member of the business (sorry dude, I forgot your name). He answered my questions and we decided to play a game. Games appear to start in about 20 minute increments and lasts for 20 minutes. Once your group is called in, you will go into a room where they will discuss the rules (No running, bludgeoning each other, etc.) and allow you to put on your vests. They explain how to operate everything and are more than willing to help you if you need assistance. Each "gun" will have a nickname on it so make sure you look to see what your nickname is. This will be used later on to determine your score. There were quite a few kids there so it's pretty kid/family friendly. I'd prefer to compete strictly with other adults but that's just a personal preference. Once you're inside the arena, there are multiple "bases" that you can shoot at to get more points. I couldn't find the bases so I'm not sure what they look like. But the arena is both upstairs and downstairs which makes it pretty cool. Although it was too camped upstairs so I just stayed on the 1st floor. Once the game is done you will probably be sweaty because it does get a bit warm in there with all the activity going on so dress accordingly.Once the game is done a staff member will come out and hand you individual score cards according to your nickname. I then talked to the staff a bit more and actually met the owner who is a nice lady. She said that business has been pretty steady and that she plans on adding more packages/deals in the future. Additionally, she mentioned that they were on facebook so I'll be checking them out later.I was pressed for time so I could only play one game but I'll definitely be back. Thanks for a good time!Battle Blast...It's better than gambling!
4	Laser tag has been making a big comeback in the Vegas Valley over the course of the last few months. Firstly, King Putt Mini Golf put a Laser Force laser tag facility in their latest property in Henderson. And, even more recently, this facility opened up over on West Sahara. Battle Blast does not disappoint. There are some minor flaws, but I'll get to those later.The facility itself is strictly laser tag (no mini golf or anything like that), and they have a few arcade games in the lobby. Nothing too terribly impressive. Would be nice if they got some classic games in as well, it's always nice to have a better selection of games while you wait for for laser tag game to begin.One innovation this place has that sets it apart from other laser tag places is that there is actually a "viewing deck" so that non-players can look down on the blacklit laser tag arena. A very cool idea I have never seen at any other laser tag place. As far as the actual laser tag playing experience goes, it is an amazing one. The arena is nearly twice as big as the one at King Putt, with tons of rooms and several second floor areas. Interestingly, I found a lot more adults and teens playing here than kids, although there were still plenty of children to be found as well. It was kind of interesting playing a more competitive game against mature individuals who took the game seriously than a bunch of whiny brats that complain every time they get shot. As far as laser tag arenas go, this just might be the best arena I have ever been in. After each game they even pass out score cards, something I haven't seen a laser tag place around here do in a long time. The one main issue I have is with the design of the packs/guns. The guns are a weird shape, and they often give you the "2 hands" error message, even if you are using 2 hands. Likewise, the gun is kind of hard to move around due to the design of the cable connecting it to the pack (you really have to try playing here to see what I mean.)Any flaws here are minor. All things considered I had a great time. The staff are friendly and helpful, and it is an excellent facility that will not fail to please any fan of the game.
5	I chose to have my sons 9th birthday here because he loves laser tag!!!! What an awesome experience!!!! I did not expect the level of attention and service we received from the staff!! Jake (the baconator) was our host! He was beyond great! He asked everyones name at the beginning of the party and used them throughtout the entire party .. He was friendly and keep me updated every step of the party. The morning of the party my husband called about 4 hours before the party to add on 4 extra pizzas. The dayshift manager forgot to pass this on to our party host so we only received 2 pizzas, but the staff apologized repeatedly and offered to orde more and have them there ASAP, which they were. When It was time for me to pay they had covered the cost of the additional pizzas!! They also allowed us to stay in the party room since there were no partied after ours. I totally recommend Battle Blast!!!!!!
4	I'm a big fan of LaserQuest on Lake Mead, so that's my local bench mark. I'm not one of the LaserQuest gods who have a 5:1 kill ratio, but in a drop-in, I'm usually in the top three, and my son is often one who beats me.I am very happy with the experience and would recommend Battle Blast. The cost is about the same as LQ. The two story playing field is great and very fairly sized, a little smaller than LQ but very adequate. The lighting is a little brighter than LQ, which is cool because they went the distance in decor making it a very nice change from all black walls. I like the all-black scenario, but since they went out of their way to dress this up, it does make it a bit more interesting for me.I like the gear, although it was not universally received well. My son did not like the heat-sensor that required you to keep two hands on the weapon. I didn't mind it and adapted fine, but I can see why someone might not like this limitation. The weapon is much lighter than LQ's, which is nice.It really felt that the system was very lenient with accuracy, more like we were shooting laser shotguns instead of laser semi-auto-rifles at LQ. Frankly, I liked it this way. You're not prevented from sniping, and the battle field provides plenty of sneaky hidey-holes (for we all know, snipers define the battle field), but if you're on target, you're going to score a hit... unless you get hit first, of course.The packs were lighter, which I liked. I'm left-handed and it's frustrating when the bungee holding the gun is short and cut for a right handed person, so it has constant tension when held across your body in your left hand.The Scoring System is the biggest complaint. LaserQuest's system is hands down much better here. Presently, you do not get to provide your gamertag, you have to accept a generic name which is assigned to each pack. They said this is coming soon, but it's not there yet. Most importantly, LQ tells you how many times you tagged each person and how many times they tagged you, and THAT is what I want to know. They also break the NUMBER of shots to each body-part, which is very nice to know, and that is something Battle Blast needs to get ASAP to foster return customers.They have a very cool "base" system that you can attack and defend, but the problem is that it's not really explained, if you figure out you can blow up each base twice you can REALLY rack up the points, blowing the scoring scale. If you don't blow up the bases you need to rack up almost twice the kills to be able to  place in the top three. I wish this was deactivated unless everyone was playing to attack and defend them.I am glad to have a new laser tag place in town. We are very sad to hear that King Putt on Stephanie is small. Argh! We're going to go check them out as they are right by us, but we will continue to play at LaserQuest and Battle Blast when we get the itch.
4	This was the first time I ever played laser tag and it was a lot of fun! It was for a friend's going away party and we got to be kids for the evening. =]The staff are very friendly and helpful. They're pretty fun to talk to as well. The laser tag course is two levels, you're not suppose to run, but people still do when the moderator isn't looking. Make sure to keep both hands on the gun, because there is a heat sensor and it won't fire unless both hands are on it! Also beware of campers, unless you somehow get with a group of just you and your friends. They do have party rooms and packages as well as special deals. I can't wait to go back and try this again. I didn't know laser tag was so much fun!
4	My newphew had his 6th birthday here. Man were there so many kids. It was really nice. All the staff were very helpful. They would guide the players inside the play area to help them find the base targets. My favorite part was the fact that it was two stories inside. I have been to a few laser tag places in my life and most are just one level run around in circles. This place is actually meant for adults too. AWESOME! I didn't eat any of the food so I can't comment on that. One down side is the claw game. This is not the fault of the facility but that game ate up all my money! I was trying to win a pink Domo doll for my coworker's little girl. I literally spent $10 on that game alone and countless minutes on it. CURSE THAT MACHINE AND THEIR LOVEABLE DOLLS!All in all, Battle Blast is a great place for kids to be kids in this city. Vegas caters to an adult crowd of partiers. It's nice to see a family friendly environment.
5	My son had his 8th birthday party here this past weekend.  When we left he said it was the "Best Birthday Party EVER!"  That alone deserves 5 stars.This is place is very well run.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They constantly came up to us to make sure everything was ok and if we needed anything.  The Place has 3 separate rooms that can also be opened up to make 1 or 2 larger rooms depending on the party size.  They were on schedule and had us in and out right on time.  No outside food is allowed except for fruit or veggie trays and adult food. You can also bring your own cake if you want.  Their pizza and wings were very good.  We brought our own sandwiches from Panera Bread and the parents were happy.The kids as well as some of the dad's played laser tag. It was surprisingly more fun than I expected.  The playing field was fairly large with separate rooms and two levels.  Very well designed!  You had bases to destroy and you could get hits on the chest, back, shoulders, or gun.  The lasers were very accurate which is what made the game fun.  I had so much fun myself that I can't wait to take my son back there again.
5	Perhaps I am a kid at heart, or I just associate too much with children being a stay at home mom, but this place is AWESOME!! Here's a dating tip. If you and your significant other are bored of seeing a movie and going to dinner, try laser tag!! My husband and I went a couple of Fridays ago for the all you can play laser tag that begins at 8PM. Games are every 20 minutes on the dot, and it's $20 for the night (which is a steal since it's typically $8/match). We played 5 games and got our money's worth before my husband had to drag me out of there at 11PM. I wanted to stay until closing (midnight). A week before we came here, I took my son and his friends to the adventuredome which also had laser tag. This is far superior. The vests are super light in comparison to the 15 pound suits of armor at the adventuredome. They go down to about below my rib cage so they would also easily fit small children. The guns are also light, but they do have a heat sensor so you have to put both hands on the gun. The inside is all black light and two stories with at least 6 different rooms. We were able to participate in different runs: teams (red vs blue), base (attack the other team's base) and free for all. The free for all was awful. Everywhere you turned, you were getting shot at, but luckily we only played it once. On our trip here, I think there was only 1 guy older than us (we're 25). Haha. Everyone else was in their teens or younger, but it seems like they probably come here every week so they were crazy good! I got the hang of it after 1 round and my husband who is good at everything managed to make it to #1 in one round and top 3 always. The usual top 3 are the lame campers who just run in and sit at the same spot for 10 minutes waiting for people to walk by. On the way out, my husband and I were saying how this is pretty wholesome fun for teens. I did not hear these kids using foul language even though their parents weren't there, and they were totally just adorable teenage nerds. Definitely an awesome place for kids, teens, and adventurous adults alike. My tips would be wear clothes you can run in (not run because that's not allowed ;), but strife and uh... skip... in). No lie, I was running like I was participating in a 10k and was getting sweaty. Obviously, if you're going to be pseudo-running, wear decent shoes. Flats, sandals, tennis, whatever. Don't wear stilettos. Check their website for other deals. I know Thursdays have 2 games for $12 rather than $16 if you want to try it out. Only 30 players are allowed at a time, but there were about 50 people there, so if you want to play the next round, you have to run out of that room in a mad dash for the ticket counter so you can get a ticket for the next round. In conclusion: this place is awesome. Go.
5	What a fun time! It's clean big and the lasers are spot-on. The arena is awesome! The team concept is also great! Loved loved loved it!  This place outdoes Laser Quest by miles and miles!
5	Quite easily the best Laser Tag place in the valley.  And by far the coolest arena.  People who work there are totally awesome.  Not to mention they actually keep the place clean.  Great for people of all ages.  Plus they often have specials... such as family play packages, so big families can afford to play.  Tag for tots once a week, and then Wednesday and Friday nights they have all you can play special.  Super Awesome.
5	I can't say enough about the owners and staff ... This place is fantastic. Perfect for good, clean family fun. You will leave with a smile on your face.
5	Great facility and great service. My son and his friends (11 years old) really enjoyed the lasertag game. This place is very clean. I will definitely return to Battle Blast Laser Tag.
3	The arena is fantastic.  It's not only well themed, but well balanced and offers great gameplay.  The packs are lightweight and very comfortable for people of all sizes.  They were in good shape and fairly accurate.  They have an observation deck, which is a nice touch.  My biggest complaint is that there were way too many people in a game.  The field is large, but 36 players is too many people for that sized arena.  People were crashing into one another, and it was impossible to walk more then a few feet without being shot from someone somewhere.  It didn't make the game very fun.  They started most games before everyone had a chance to enter the field, which was annoying.  The other problem is the timing of the packs.  When you're shot, your pack shuts off for 5 seconds like in most other lasertag systems.  However, at this site, your lights will come back on and you'll be vulnerable to be hit 1/2 second before you can fire back.  There's no rule about no following.  This means that you can stalk someone and prevent them from ever shooting just by shooting them in that vulnerable last 1/2 second of their 5 second down time.  I'm sure this is software controllable.  Why they would choose to run their games this way is truly baffling.  The last issue I had was how they make the teams.  Rather they having red and blue areas of the briefing room and allowing players to see who's on what team and choose what team they want to be on before suiting up, teams aren't decided until they enter the briefing room.  Staff were alternately assigning every other player to the red or the blue team as they entered the vesting room, which made it impossible to play on the same team with others in your group. If you want to have a birthday party here, I'm sure they'll have a fun time.  I recommend coming on a weeknight or early on a weekend when it's slow.  Don't come here on a Friday or Saturday night when they're busy unless you like playing mosh-pit lasertag.
5	Want to have a Ton of FUN with your kids. A can't miss Birthday Party or Date night.  I highly recommend battleBLAST.  What a COOL Place!!   Impressive 2-story Battlefield lit in black light. Their new Laser guns systems are so much better than the others.   IT IS FUN for everyone ..  Looks like ~about~  20 red vests & 20 blue vests suit up , then head out to battle every 20 minutes.  I love how you can see your green laser from the gun tip to what you are aiming at.  There are Super cool Sound effects, Mirrors, Corners, & Crevices just to hide out in. The "Look-out Deck" for those that are not in the game just to watch was very smart.  It is an Awesome !! place for a birthday party for ALL AGES!   Even as the adult, I would look forward to going back to this "kids" party.   The staff here is amazing - We had so much fun.  Party rooms for your cake and pizza. Fantastic people here!  Go NOW and have fun with your kids, or just be a kid for a few hours.  I would recommend battleBLAST to everyone.  Awesome Laser Tag experience  !!
4	We were here a few months ago. It is very clean literally and ok service. Enjoyed our visit with the kids.
4	This is a great place to host a kids party or take your kids on a cold Vegas day. Although it seems small and tucked away the lazer tag area has two floors for extra hiding! I took my son to a birthday party on a Saturday afternoon and it was moderately crowded. The birtday party rooms only fit about 20 kids comfortably at the tables. The parents had to stand against the walls or out in the register arcade area.In all honesty they shouldThere is only about 10 arcade games. You have your classics like basketball, skee ball and Pacman.They have different specials throught the week. Go online or go in and check them out, might even be a fun idea for a group of fun loving adults (like myself).
5	Recently celebrated my son's eleventh birthday at this establishment and was so blown away by this facility. Efficient service,  well sanitized/decorated party room, two story laser tag room and ample space for play time and arcade. Pizza was good and the cake was amazing!!! The best party I ever hosted without lifting a finger!!! My pockets didn't gain holes as I collected a $200 bill for 2 laser tag games for a party of 9, 2 pizzas with 2 toppings and 3soda pitchers...love it here!!! Will definitely be a regular!!!
4	Came here for a birthday party yesterday and my kids had a great time.  -Staff were great, super friendly and attentive.  -Food Pizza & cake was ok-Soda unlimited refills ..Their retro soda dispenser is cool-Arcade games ok selection. Wish they had more baby friendly games or those .50 rides to keep them occupiedLaser Tag-Great 2 story lay out!! Honestly the best I've seen yet-great equipment-Viewing DECK! Love this!  You can see them running around in there through the upstairs viewing deck. Pretty cool
4	My inner child has finally come out to play... and the competitive nature in me is alive yet again.My boyfriend and some friends somehow found this place... and I "tagged" along hehe... We walked in on a Friday night.  My goodness the place was packed with both children and adults alike.  When you first walk in, you'll notice a well-lit area loaded with arcade games and a couple rooms for private parties.  There's also seats and tables for people to hang out at.  They have a concession stand to stuff your face with junk (however, I prefer grabbing a pizza next store--it's fresher!).  You can play by the game (laser tag), or on Fridays they have unlimited gaming for I think ~$20... I could be wrong.  The boyfriend paid.  The games are about 15 min long and takes place in a separate room from all the arcade games.  Everything's in black light, so try not to wear white or fluorescent clothing unless you want to be an easy target.  They go through all the rules, take you in to get your vest and gun, and you battle it out!  They have different ways to play laser tag, and it definitely gets more fun towards the end of the night.  Sometimes the staff will get in on the games, too.   Wish it were a little bigger... or closer to my place.  It's definitely a lot of fun though!  If you're ever feeling like a kid again, this is the spot!
4	Definitely the best place in Las Vegas to play laser tag.  The main reason this is not 5 stars is that at $8 a game, it's pretty expensive to play if you have a large family ($32 a game for me and my 3 daughters during regular hours is too expensive).  I would definitely take my girls more often if it was $5 a game ($20 for the 4 of us a game is reasonable).  Having said that, they do have some great specials like $20 all you can play for 4 hours on Wednesdays and Fridays, which is now the only times now we can afford to go.  Have done 2 birthday parties here and both were great.
5	Such a fun place to have a birthday party. They took care of everything, and the kids had a blast. Fun arcade, helpful serving staff, fun for all ages.
5	My friends and I discovered this place a few months ago and I can only wish we had found it sooner! The staff is awesome, they are very attentive, helpful and friendly. The place is clean, the arena is very cool and the equipment is the best I have ever played with. There's different game modes and options to allow for lots of variety of game play and everyone from kids through adults enjoy this place. There's a fun arcade with a variety of games to play for tickets, prizes or simply bragging rights like being the air hockey or pac-man champ. I am writing this review as it's long overdue and we just hosted my friend's 25th birthday there and all 10 party guests had an absolute blast- no pun intended. We are now regulars and go every week to unwind and have a good time after work. If you are considering this place, you have got to come check it out! It's absolutely worth it and you'll be wanting to return again soon just like the rest of us, this isn't your run of the mill laser tag place by any means. Dress in light clothing though, as it can get warm in the arena depending on how many players there are and how active you are playing- that's the only downfall. Otherwise, this is one of the best places to come hang out in Vegas if you want a break from the sounds of slots and smell of stale cigar smoke.
5	Really good. My girls and I went here and had a Blast...no pun intended. Will go again for sure.
3	A well run establishment that is great for birthday parties, Battle Blast has a large arena with plenty of targets, easy to use equipment that is in good repair, and several videogames for the kids to collect tickets.  The birthday parties run very smoothly and the pizza is from Seattle Dan's.  I was disappointed in the pizza which appeared to have been reheated or kept in a warmer too long.  The only other food they have is wierd looking sliders and frozen fried foods. However the cake was very good.They have plenty of discounted days and pay one price nights.  Overall a great place for the kids.
5	My teenager decided very last minute to have a laser tag birthday. I was in a panic because Battle Blast was closed and I couldn't get anyone on the phone. I scheduled the entire party online and paid the deposit. Their next business day, a very nice , professional lady called to confirm and verify my selections for the party. When we arrived, the place was very clean and all of the guests looked like they were having fun. We didn't wait long and we're giving a party room to ourselves and a helper for the party. They have the timing completely down and the girls never missed a beat. Laser tag was fun , the games were fun and I just watched. Pizza and a delicious cake is included in your package if you choose. The packages were all customizable if you didn't want one thing or another. Honestly this was the easiest and best birthday party I've thrown in Las Vegas hands down. Thank you to the great facility and amazing staff at Battle Blast!!
3	I am rating the party package which was the best price in town because it included the food. My daughter and get guests had a great time! They package also includes two laser tag games. Other than the laser tag, the "game" room was rather small with a limited amount of games and activities; which also serves as a dining room (2 tables) for other patrons. The host was great and the food was okay. They do everything for you, which allows the parents to enjoy the party. My complaint is the time, we we're on a scheduled. The party was only for 1 hour and 45 minutes; therefore everything seemed rushed. The last 20 min were used to sing Happy Birthday, cut the cake AND open gifts. It felt rushed and this should be at least 2 hours minimum, but 2 1/2 would be more than enough.
5	Awesome laser tag place and employees are kind and respectful. Friday night took my kids to play laser tag and it's 20 dollars per kid for 4 hours of laser tag. My kids love it!!!!!!! And the price is worth it. The food here is good too.
