1	Pizza Hut is absolutely to be avoided at all costs.  It is disgusting.  It makes Duner's, located in the same shopping center, seem appealing, and you can see that it too gets one star from me.  That is all.
3	Typical Pizza Hut. You either love their pizza or hate it. Still my favorite chain.
1	I'd give it zero stars if I could, based solely on service.  The pizza was typical Pizza Hut--I don't think it ever tastes different.  I called in my order on a Friday night and was told it would be 15 minutes.  I got there right around then, paid (wasn't given a receipt), and was told my order was still in the oven.  Okay, no big deal.  I assume they'd let me know when it was done.  that was a mistake!!  After sitting there another 15 minutes (so, 30 minutes after I had originally called and was told it would be 15 minutes) I finally asked.  They asked for my receipt--it was a different cashier--and looked annoyed at me that I didn't have it.  She reluctantly went to check on my order and brought it back.  When I told her how long I'd been sitting there waiting she said, "Oh I didn't realize you were waiting."  Oh really?  You get a lot of people just hanging out here not waiting for a pizza?  I can understand it being busy on a Friday night, but to not even apologize for their complete lack of service really ticked me off.  We rarely order chain pizza anyway, but the next time I need to for some reason, it will not be from here!
1	I cant imagine a chain that is so poorly run, but it is.  I have never had a delivery order without either a mistake in my order or a half raw pizza crust.  Wait times are insane, the staff not helpful at all for any reason.  Last time I called for delivery they forgot to put my order in period and then discounted me 20% for my trouble, as if that makes up for a 90 minute wait time.  While I prefer Pizza hutt pizza in general, I would much rather go to Domino's or Papa John's because it really is unbearable.
1	I am beyond displeased with this pizza hut. I had an order placed (a friend from Italy had placed the order) Not only did I not get my pizza, but I didn't even get a call. Now they won't replace the order. How fantastic is that? Not at all. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PIZZA HUT EVER
1	Terrible service, just terrible.  Every time.  Isn't the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results?  Shame on me.Most recently, I called Pizza Hut because I'm avoiding Papa Johns for political reasons.  They told me that they needed to "confirm that I had given them the correct telephone number."  First of all, in this day and age, what business doesn't have caller ID!?!  In any event, I confirmed that, in fact, she had my correct phone number.  Astonishingly, she said she needed to call me back to "further confirm."  As if that's not idiotic enough to require two phone calls to order a pizza, she told me, "if I don't call you back in 5 minutes, you need to call us back or else we'll cancel your order."  Yeah, um, okay.  I'm going to sit by my phone with bated breath for five minutes, and if you don't call back, I'm going to call you back.  So I can have the privilege of eating your semi-disgusting, totally unhealthy pizza.  No thank you.  You can go ahead and just cancel it right now.  I'm pretty sick of Domino's, but I've had far better service from them. Oh, and by the way...if you order online to avoid the ridonkulousness, the estimated time is merely "an estimate" that you need to call and confirm with the store.  And so if their online "estimate" is, say, 45 minutes off, well that's your problem, buddy.
5	I had a nice young man help me at the register today, he was so kind, kinder than all of the other employees that I have run into there, he brought out my pizza, asked if it was everything I ordered, I said I had ordered a side of breadsticks and 4 sauces, which I did not see there when he brought out my pizza. He said no problem ran to the back quickly and got my breadsticks and 5 sauces!! I was so happy I got more that what I wanted and with no problem! I digged out my debit card out of my purse to pay for the extra and he said don't worry about it, if only the rest of the employees where this kind there..Also the same young man helped a older lady there that was upset her pizza wasn't done in time, he offered her a drink for the wait, truly doesn't get any better that that. Keep up the good work.
1	I was in town for the weekend and decided to have a quick dinner with my family. I love Pizza Hut, like love, love them. This one was terrible. The sauce tasted funny and the crust was kind of chewy. This did not even compare to the bad service.I made an online order and did not receive a call to confirm my order so I called them. They confirmed my order. My husband went to go pick it up. When I got up to get mine I noticed that both pizzas were the same. I called the store and spoke to a manager, she was kind of condesending and made me feel like I was lying. I asked to have the replacement delivered since it was just down the street. She wanted to give me credit and I said no because I don't even live there. She told me it would take 40 mins for it to be delivered and that she would call when it was on it's way. By then it was already getting late and I was starting to fall asleep. 45 mins passed and there was no call. I was about to call back when I finally got a knock on the door. The driver told me I had a balance due and I said, "Nooooo..." He said oh, you paid online? I said yes. So he said there wasn't a signature line and he had to get my signature. Then he said, that's funny, there's no delivery charge. I said I hope not. He then asked me if they messed up on my previous order and I said yes, I got the wrong pizza. Then he really pissed me off because he's still holding the pizza and annoyingly says, "Well I wish they would've told me this was a freebie!" Why would they tell you that? Does it matter? Do you do something special to it like spit on it before it gets there because it's free? So rude from beginning to end.
1	I have given this place 2 tries and they are just terrible. The sauce here taste funny and the overall pizza was not good. The worst thing about this place is the wait times. The last time I order over the phone app and it said my pizza was ready for pickup at 6:10pm. I got there right on time and watched them hand my order to the person in front of me. They then had to remake my order which made me wait there for 20 minutes.
5	i love pizza hut and im always ordering delivery with them but today the driver just made my day. Came earlier than estimated & the food was great , as usual , an i swear the drivers getter hotter and hotter everytime. cant wait to order again! ;)
5	The food is always hot and fresh.  I always order online and the food arrives pretty quickly.  The Garlic Parmesan Wings are addicting!  My family fights over them like mud on a shoe horse!!!
1	After making an order online, I found a hair baked into my slice of pizza! Immediately, I became disgusted and ruined my whole families appetite and mines. I called and talked to the Manager Billy who was completely unprofessional and arrogant, he then demanded I bring back the pizza (we threw this pizza away) or else he couldn't replace our order. After explaining that I threw this pizza away, his response was "What are you trying to get something for free"? I have a history with Pizza Hut and they can look up my number and I have never asked for a refund of any one of my orders, I am a hard working man who don't need a $7.99 pizza for "FREE" all I wanted was to provide my family with dinner of their choice. After all the other options there is in laveen, we will be ordering Barro's next time and EVERY TIME after! See my picture I attached to this Pizza Hut if you don't believe me.
