4	Recently I went shopping around for a shop to tint the windows of my Corvette. Being a virgin in getting my cars windows tinted, I educated myself on all things window tint, including different films, material, prices etc.... I went with Superior Auto Glass and Tint off of Charleston. I dropped off my car early in the morning and later that afternoon, picked up my newly tinted ride. Overall, I was very impressed with their service and quality of work which they guarantee for the life of the car. If any bubbling, cracking etc... starts to occur, just bring it back and they will fix it free of charge. Next time I need my windows done, I am heading down to Superior!
5	This place rocks! I found a quote to replace my windshield from their website and when I called the manager, Chris, said they would do it for less and have me out the door in less than an hour. I waited less than 20 minutes and my windshield was finished. These guys are awesome! Best deal in town with the best customer service!
3	Work with Chris; avoid his dad. I got my car tinted here, and it's a shame that the first try was so shabby. One window had trapped lint, another had trapped hair, and two windows were cut too short -- as in, the tint did not cover the entire window. I think about 80% of the tinting had to be redone due to these problems and excessive bubbling. Returned twice to get these problems resolved. The final product was very good, and I was satisfied. It's just disappointing that the workmanship wasn't put in the first time around, and I had to waste more time returning to get things fixed.
5	I was washing the windshield on my "chick repellant" (mini van), when I noticed a chip and cracks starting to develop. I called the Mrs. and she said, "Oh! I meant to tell you about that a few days ago." I rushed into emergency mode, since the weather is getting colder, and called every number that came up on Google. They were telling me "the sun was too low" and that we'll have to schedule for the next day (no time), their drivers were all out, and one was out for surgery. I called Big O tires and the guy I trust there recommended Superior. I called and Chris said he was getting ready to close, but he'll wait for me. He even quoted me $20.I rushed over and Chris heated the windshield with a mini torch. While waiting, I noticed all the Pittsburgh Steelers banners on the wall, but he wasn't from Pittsburgh. Just a superfan.He was done in 10 min, while my kids slept in the back. I handed him my credit card, but he said that $20 was cash only because he had already closed out his register for the day. Panic! I only had $16 and $17 with change from the ashtray. He told me to drop off the rest some other time and let me go. Phew! This was Thursday.Today (Tues), I'm back in town from a business trip and I rushed over to give him $5. He thanked me for coming back and I gave him my condolences for the Steelers losing to the 49ers. I appreciated his attention to detail, his flexibility, and his trust.
5	Amazing customer service from the Manager, Chris.  I got one of my cars tinted about 2 years ago and it's still great to this day (so great that I got my other car tinted as well!) Good prices and quick turn aroundI definitely recommend these guys!
1	I scheduled an appoinment for a Groupon purchased for window tinting for five windows for my 2012 Hyundai Sonata Sedan.  Consulted with Bob, the owner, and upon handing the keys to my vehicle to him, he advised that in addition to the Groupon I purchased for $119, I owed $49 for tinting the two front windows.  When I pointed out that my Groupon was for five windows, he advised that in addition to the two front, the two rear and the rear windshield, he was counting the two little, triangular windows that literally measure 3"x2"x2", therefore the total including the two front windows totalled 7, thus the extra $49.  I pointed out to Bob however, that since those two small windows, already came tinted from the factory, that I would not require tinting of those windows.  With the exclusion of those windows, the two front + the two rear + the rear windshield = 5 windows, which is what the Groupon was for.  Bob quickly advised that I "could not choose which windows were to be tinted."  I told him that he was doing the same as he was choosing which windows he wanted to tint.  Again, he wanted to included the two 3"x2"x2",  windows which as was previously stated are already tinted from the factory.  I further advised that his Groupon did not specify any such details to which he responded, "Groupon changes my words and I have no control over what they print."  I found that incredibly difficult to believe.  In any case, his practice is very deceptive.  To top that off, again when I told him not to tint the two little windows, he would not oblige as he wanted to collect his extra $49.  What a scam and a waste of time.  After viewing other reviews, I'm going to Desert Custom Window Tinting.On a side note, I spoke briefly with Bob's son.  He seemed like a genuinely stand up guy.  Too bad his father, at least with my transaction, isn't the same way.
1	Total bait and switch.   I  bought a deal for 5 car window tinting from Living Social.  They did not want to honor it and wanted me to pay an extra 50.00.  No Thanks.   No honesty in this company.
5	I heard about these guys through recommendations.  I found a deal with them on Living Social and booked my time to come in an get my windows tinted.  The owners were great, straight forward, nice and without any bs. I had a lot of questions and they were patient to answer them all.  The work was done when they said it was. Great job guys.
5	Quick and friendly service! Went in for a windshield chip repair without an appointment and got it fixed right away and I don't even notice the chip anymore. They are very nice and friendly.  My car is prone to chips so I would definitely come back for repairs or windshield replacement.
1	Bubbles was right about the two little window charge. I'm so glad I saw ur comment before buying the 5 window groupon. I called them and asked them how much it would cost me so they quoted me $45 on top of the $119 groupon bc of my two Lil windows in my back seat. I mean it's only $45 but I think that's pretty shady. It's the principal of it and I won't be going there.
1	Do not use this place! Without repeating the story of 49 bucks on top of te deal price, I just had a bad feeling about ye guys. It's one of those guys " you pay me 49 bucks I take care o'you no problems lifetime warranty" fast talking scammer. I let him and decided to slow him down and repeat that 5 windows of my choice will be tinted according to the deal no need for 49 bucks no BS. He started talking fast again and made no sense. ( can't express how much I hate that). Listen Dude pretending to look busy while you are not has only one outcome - out of business. This town runs on providing service and its mind boggling how some morons forget that!
5	Excellent service! I couldn't have asked for better.
5	I bought a Living Social coupon for driver & passenger windows. Went during my lunch hour.  The tint was done perfectly and timely. Chris was very friendly and didn't try to pressure me to purchase other things; another great thing is how clean and organized the shop was. I will definitely go back if I ever decide to get darker tint!
5	I have brought 4 cars here total over years, including their original location on charleston. Chris has always been a great guy & they have always done great work, that's why I keep going back. I'm getting ready to take my 5th car in this week. I haven't had any problems but I'll update you on this review.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place! I had the misfortune of getting my car window smashed in at a parking garage downtown. I called my insurance and while the damage was below my deductible, they quoted me over $300 for the repair. Luckily I called around and was quoted over $100 cheaper for the repair and a window tint for both windows. What a deal! They got me in first thing the next morning, and I was out of there in less than an hour. It's a family owned business, and I have never felt more comfortable in an auto repair experience. I won't be going anywhere else!
4	Had front side windows and windshield strip installed on truck.  Chris was great and tint looks awesome.  There were some minor imperfections that I found on the window strip and he replaced that piece-no questions asked.  I was going to use the Groupon as others have talked about on here, but decided to just call and got the same deal over the phone.  He was upfront with the additional cost for larger windows which I expected but still well worth the price.
5	Absolutly the best place to get your windshield replacement. I did shop around in the LV Valley; and even went online auto glass quotes. I finally called  this SUPERIOR CENTER TINTING AUTO GLASS guys on the internet @ 702-706-0716, got a instant quote right away at 9:30AM. The appointment was scheduled right away for the next hour at 10:30am and the whole procedure was done in less than two hours. Excellent job, excellent services and most importantly excellent price at $250 vs dealer & other quotes of over $500. This place is clean and the restroom is clean.I would recommand to anyone to this place.Thank you Superior Titing Auto Glass.
3	Actual window tint job was good. Only issue i had i guess was i did a groupon. like alot of other people. when i get there they tell me that the groupon is only good for the most basic tint . As the guy stated was the tint is almost clear like not having any tint at all.. this is from groupon details " Valid only for street-legal window tinting" i said what about a darker color. i have friends with darker color. he said any tint above the almost clear is now illegal. but he could do it for another 70$. so i spend 150 on a groupon and your basically going to put no tint at all on my window. but if i give you another 70 you will give me illegal tint? i argued with him for about 15 mins and decided just to do the basic. it was already paid for. i will prob go to another shop and have redone with darker tint.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!  I chose this place because the Yelps were acceptable, and the Groupon was a great price.  When I got there, there were only three shades of tint to chose from.  They were mounted on glass on an interior wall instead of an outward facing window, so there was not way to get a true idea of what they would look like outside.  There were no examples on any cars on the lot.  The color choices were limo dark, medium, and a light, which Chris said wouldn't make that much of a difference.  So by default, I chose the medium.  To that, Chris told me that I would have to pay an additional $75.  While deciding what to do, I heard him make a repair deal with another customer for a special "cash" price.  While the quality of the installation is great, the price ended up being average for window tinting, and not a great deal.  I would recommend you go somewhere with more tint choices, and a manager who wasn't a slick car salesman type.
4	This is a family owned business and I fully support family owned business. Great customer service and wonderful staff! They did an awesome job on my auto tinting and it took no more than 2 hrs. I highly recommend this business for those who want to get their car tinted.
5	Called around 8:30 a.m. Appointment was set for 11 AM. I arrived at 10:30. Started right away on my car. Passenger side front door on a Kia Soul 2010. Opted for the tinting of both front windows. Have been wanting to do that for four years. $216 total cash price. Paying cash they pay the sales tax. Using my debit card I pay the sales tax. Paid cash. Very pleased with the work that was done. The national chain wanted  $260, no tinting.
5	Just had my car windows tinted today.  Bob was very helpful and my car was done in about an hour...he also gave me a good price.  Great job and very efficient.  I am recommending Superior to friends and family.
1	First the positive- friendly front desk man. Now as to why I'm voting you never go here to get your windshield replaced... Whomever it was that did the actual replacement was a complete lazy slob. My dash was cracked upon bringing my car in, now I don't know why, but for some reason when my car came out it had an additional four LARGE fingerprint-sized cracks where it looked like some monster goon had leaned all his considerable weight on my dash. After the first eff up you'd think this person would cease the action, but not this imbecile, nah. This person went on to repeat it three more times. And somehow this worker also managed to rip up the dash where the material meets the glass. What the hell?!  On top of that, I went out to replace my windshield wipers and saw that EVERY screw that keeps lower plate and windshield seal in place was never screwed back in. And the reason being that they STRIPPED the housing for the two outside screws and (thankfully) didn't bother trying to replace the middle ones (or those would have probably been stripped too). It's a miracle the screws didn't blow away in the first storm of the summer. The worker on this day was a joke. Hopefully this person a made enough mistakes that they were terminated.
5	Awesome job and excellent customer service. I totally recommend this place. I did some research after seeing a Groupon for another vendor. After being told to take my business elsewhere from that competitor (see a prior Yelp review of mine and more importantly that owner's response), I'm glad I took that competitor's advice. I was able to get in on a Saturday and dropped my large SUV off with a 2.5 hour quote time. One hour later I received a call it was ready. Again, excellent customer service. Chris the manager is very professional, polite and I'm happy to support this business. If you have a Groupon or are considering purchasing one, I suggest you call Chris first and he will answer all your questions about price, product, etc.
5	Couldn't be any happier with everything. I called for a quote and right away Chris was extremely friendly and gave me a good price. I was able to make an appointment this same morning,I showed up about 20 minutes early,was greeted right away by a man who's name I didn't get and they stared working on my broken windshield right away and were done in less than an hour I believe. My windshield looks great. I would defiantly go back if I ever needed anything else as well as refer any family and friends to go. Amazing experience all around , glad their name came up on my google search
5	I moved to Las Vegas 3 years+ ago, and my convertible top was damaged from old age.  I asked the guys at Superior for a recommendation on a place to get the top repaired since they are family owned and operated.  When I went to their recommended place (West Charelston Auto Upholstery) the Todd Craik at WCAU did the repair free of charge.About 1 month ago I wanted to sell my old 2004 Honda Civic, which had a cracked windshield.  I asked Superior for their best cash price (i.e. Green $ no credit card) and the finished the installation in 35 minutes with an appointment all for $140!  They are competitive and fast!
