1	I use to go there all the time use to be great service and i loved going there .. Now I refuse to go there I recently went there and and had the worst pedi and full set . The guy who was servicing me was new had really no idea what he was doing and no one was watching him or coming when he asked for help .. i started feeling bad for him but i was just getting annoyed the charged me $90 for both when it took him 2 hrs just to do my full set . i had black acrylic and he looked blue . i paid and i told them i wouldn't be back turns out an hour after i went my nail broke in half when i was opening the door to my house. i went back and they were closing and the owner tried blowing me off .. after a few mins of arguing he fixed my nails and put the design on like i had asked from the begining , and then expected me to pay .. i said i paid him earlier and left .. 3 days later and other nail broke .. Worse customer service experience .. I REFUSE TO GO BACK !!!(( i would give no stars ))
4	I went here to get my eyebrows waxed since it was located near the hair place I go to. I was surprised this place wasn't busy at all there and it was a Saturday afternoon. I was glad because I didn't want to wait very long. The lady that did my eyebrows was very nice and she did it just the way I wanted it done. Eyebrow wax: $10I will probably be back here again not just for my eyebrow wax but maybe for a mani and pedi.
4	Love this place Richard is an awesome nail technician clean and decent prices for mani and pedi. Except for the lady that did my eyebrows today. She was rough and reeked of garlic if you are to get your eyebrows done here get them done by Jade, she does a good job!!
3	Cheese graters for callous removal????
5	The best place I've been in a long time. Great service, friendly staff, great gel, and decent prices. I loved this place for the longest so I happy I moved to NW, I would have never known.
5	I think this is the best nail place in the NW. I usually get just a pedicure but I've also been in for a gel manicure and waxing and I've been very pleased with it all. Great prices and the staff is friendly, they always offer a water bottle when you get in. I personally don't mind the cheese graters, it's not like they use the sharp side and hack off your rough spots... Love the scrub they use on your legs and the foot/hand massage with a mani/pedi is to die for.
4	I have been going to Blazin Nails for a couple of years now.  At the time I go there is usually not a wait.  They always offer a bottle of drinking water and are very friendly.  My gels always look great.  I would recommend Blazin Nails.  No appointment is needed.
3	I had a pedicure and didn't have to wait.  I also appreciated the fact that I could just sit and relax and no one tried to chat with me.  It was a standard pedicure $25 pedicure :-)
1	I don't even think it deserves a star but oh well..... So the guy who did my pedicure kept being too rough and I had to tell him twice that he was hurting me . Not only that when he was done I looked at my toes and had nail polish on them . He couldn't fix it because he left right after he was done . So they had some girl fix it for me but I guess it was too much for her because she was really upset she had to fix it . So I definitely won't be going back here again .
4	This  place is clean compared to other places I've gotten a pedicure. Staff is very friendly and offered me a. Bottled water upon arrival. Not the best massage but overall was satisfied.
5	This is one of the best places for manicures and pedicures.  They recently had the interior redone so the place looks great.  The new chairs for the pedicures are amazing and feel great.  The reason my wife has been going here for years is because they treat you like family.
5	They do eyelash extensions!!!  I came here at a whim since the lady I did my first eyelash extensions with left for vacation and I needed a fill ASAP.  Came to find out after calling all the local nail salons and spas that this is the only one in Centennial Hills.  Reading reviews from here, I decided to give it a go and Jade (who's the only one that does it) was very courteous.  I didn't realize that when I first had them done with the previous lady, she did group lashes which made it heavy on my eyes.  Jade gave me a consult with some options since she does individual strands, but she was well more than able to accommodate my decisions to just keep the previous and work with it.  She did a wonderful job and from now on, I will opt for individual strand since it's more lightweight.  Jade also went the extra mile to give me a discount since she mentioned she didn't have much to do...that honesty counts a lot on my end.  If anybody is curious to know, the price to get it done is $75 and fill is $30.  I definitely feel the family vibe in this place and since they're not too busy, it's good for anybody wanting to get in ASAP.
2	Cute little place. Didn't have that overwhelming acetone smell, kind of smelled like coconut actually. Was offered a bottled water when I got there. Everyone was really polite. Payed 40 for French tip acrylics with a clear gel polish coat. Did have a lot of bubbles in the acrylic though. Not super impressed.
4	I have been her several times for both pedicures and eyebrow waxing and have had great service. The atmosphere is pleasant, with wonderful leather massaging chairs. Everything is very clean. The experience is great and when I leave I can't wait to return in two weeks.
5	I only come here to get my Gel nails done, out of convienence (I work downtown, and I live in north las vegas) I've been to a few other places... and been GREATLY disappointed, like a lost child I went back slowly but surely time and time again with a head hung low and a sad heart with brittle and damaged nails, it only took one or two trips back to get my nails back to being healthy and vibrant. I prefer mine to have the loose glitter Gel's so they dip my finger into the cup of glitter and shake it off... if you thought your nails looked good for 35$ somewhere else, you're lying to yourself when you can get them here for 30$  I've never gotten a pedicure here before, simply because I'm not fond of the chair style pedicures and prefer the bench style seating now (I've been spoiled) BUT... none the less... I love Nhan, he's like a good friend you go to coffee with when you go get your nails done... you talk and talk AND they'll speak to you in English, not just about your work, your spouse/mate, and your kid's ages... very personable... there's another couple who works in there, I know they have a one year old baby girl, and when they go on Vacation and all! They are truly a family inside of this establishment, I will drive out of my way to come all the way up here for optimal service, and I love their business. Prices are OUT OF THIS WORLD, and they definitely under charge and over deliver EVERY TIME.
5	Awesome Nail Salon! They were extremely friendly, I didn't have an appointment but didn't wait long. The spa tubs were very clean. Will be returning :)
1	Roaches, horrible service and a sub-par pedicure. I won a gift certificate to this place in a raffle so thought I'd give it a shot. My pedi guy was unfriendly and just kept his earbuds in so he could listen to music on his phone. My pedicure is barely average. When he was done, he walked me over to sit while my toes dried but didn't even bother to turn on the UV light. He never came back to check on me. After I saw my 2nd roach, I was out of there. NEVER AGAIN! I wish I could this give this place ZERO stars!
5	I come here every 2-4 weeks and get a full set pink'n whites by Andy, along with a pedicure. Definitely the best set I've ever gotten. Wouldn't go anywhere else to get my nails done. I love a good foot massage & he never disappoints when it comes to that as we'll. I'd recommend this nail salon to everyone go check them out & enjoy relaxing!
