5	Caring reasonable people and the prices are outstanding. Wonderful service for a great price. They are close to home for me so I am really glad I found them. I have recommended them to several other people (including a gal who heads an animal rescue) and heard nothing but good things! You can take your beloved family member here and rest easy that they will be taken care of.
1	My dog had been seen by Dr. Anderson because the breeder I bought my dog from recommended him. Long story short, my dog  had to go to a vet hospital. The dog had a very enlarged prostate and UTI. The vet hospital provided antibiotics to help fight the infection and recommended the dog get neutered the following week. During that procedure I could opt to have a biopsy performed on the prostate to rule out BPH vs. cancer. They sent copies of everything to Dr. Anderson's. I contacted Dr. Anderson's office three times , three different days, and was told each time Dr. Anderson would review the material and call me back. Two times I was put on eternal hold and hung up on. When I didn't receive a call back (almost two weeks from my dog's emergency visit) I sought a new vet because the dog was off antibiotics for a week and appeared to have a UTI again. In two days I solidified a care and surgery plan for my dog  with the new vet. I called Dr. Anderson's to inquire when I was going to receive a call back. I got to speak with Dr. Anderson and he informed me he's been really busy (no apology). He looked at the documents from the vet hospital and tells me the document says to get the dog neutered. I informed him the document also suggests a biopsy. Dr. Anderson then informs me they don't perform biopsies and doesn't feel it's necessary.  I ask why it took so long to get this information and his reply was "I don't know what to tell you".  I asked if I would have gotten faster service if I actually had an appointment and he said it probably would have been better. I ask him why his staff didn't suggest that in any of the three phone calls I made. Instead, I'm told by his staff that I would receive a call back that day. Sensing no concern or remorse,  I informed him I found a new vet and was no longer bring my dog to him because I've lost confidence. He proceeded to tell me I need to go where I'm most confident. Unreal !! No apology and no concern for my dog's well being. My dog is a pure bred. Both parents are grand champions. Unbelievable.
5	It truly saddens me to see such bad reviews for this place. My family has been taking our beloved animals here since 1993 when a breeder recommended them to us. Dr. Anderson is amazing, he tells it how it is and never tries to sell you procedures or stuff he doesn't think your animal needs. He has saved my cats life twice. After moving to Phoenix my cat got real sick with a uti, called around to vets near me and they wanted to charge me about 5 times what Anderson did... Needless to say I drove clear out to Tempe. The place can get a bit busy but you know that is a good sign! Please check out this vet for yourself. The prices are beyond fair and dr. Anderson is amazing.
1	I'm just following up on my previous review. Through the recommendation of my new Vet, I did opt to have an ultra sound (more detailed and less invasive, procedure than biopsy) performed, and discovered the dog had a sever infection of the prostate. The prostate had enlarged to twice the normal size. The infection was actually located on the outside of the prostate and could have spread and possibly killed the dog.  I'm glad I didn't take Dr. Anderson's advice not to perform the biopsy (or similar test). It took immediate surgery and three weeks of antibiotics , but my dog it doing much better. The cost was less than I had expected. I'm glad I didn't  waste any more time waiting for Dr. Anderson to return my  phone calls and recommend treatment. I feel stupid for even waiting that long, but like many people noted on their reviews they trust Dr. Anderson. I was no different, so I waited. I'm happy with my new vet, but sadly disappointed in my previous one.
5	This is a very good vet at very affordable prices. My cat recently had a uti, and had to stay overnight for two nights. The bill at the end (including the special food I had to get him and the antibiotic) was around 160. Not too bad, I thought. The staff is very friendly and helpful. If you come here for the first time, it's a little confusing. There are two entrances. The one to the left is for dogs and the one to the right is for cats. (where do the birds and rabbits enter?, I know not...) Also, there is always a stench outside, I beleive they are right next to a water treatment facility, or something....I'm not really sure what it is, but it DOES stink.....Bottom line, I like this vet and I will continue to bring my animals here. Despite the stench ;p
4	I love Doctor Anderson!! He knows what he is doing. He is a straight shooter. He took care of my baby when she had breast cancer. She is doing amazing now. The prices are amazing! The front office is unorganized on scheduling. That is the only issue I have. The vet techs are amazing too.
5	We have been going to Anderson animal clinic for about a year now. The staff is always super friendly and the place is always clean! Dr. Anderson is very knowledgable and knows what he is doing. Their pricing is extremely reasonable and they don't charge for unnecessary things like most vets.  We recently did the dog boarding and that went great as well. I really don't have any bad things to say about this clinic! 5 stars!
4	My dog has skin cancer and needed surgery. Five years ago I had taken her to another vet and the surgery ran over $2000.00! At that time they had removed 5 growths from her abdomen.I had been putting off having the new tumors removed because of the previous cost of surgery. My dog had ripped open one of the tumors and was bleeding all over the place. A friend of mine had recommended AAC. I called and they got me in right away. Dr. Anderson said that the tumors should be removed as soon as possible. I explained to Dr. Anderson that presently I was unemployed and would need to know what it would run. One hundred for anesthesia, twenty-five for the large tumors and fifteen for the small ones.I figured I would have four of the large tumors removed and it would run a little over two hundred dollars. All in all they removed eleven tumors and I was expecting a huge bill. The total including antibiotics and pain meds, $255.50! That's all!! My dogs recovery was uneventfully and we were back ten days later to have the sutures removed.Dr. Anderson asked if we could come back later in the day to pick her up. They wanted to re-suture her knee because it didn't heal well. Came back at 5pm expecting another charge only to be told that it was no charge! I couldn't believe it! so I bought my baby a new collar from them.I tell you who cares if you have to wait! They took excellent care of my dog and you can't beat the prices. I'm very thankful for finding Anderson Animal Clinic.
5	I wish I could give more than 5 stars! I brought my 85lb lab/rottie mix in for the first time just this morning and this is hands down my new go-to place! We saw Dr. Anderson Jr. and he was so informative and caring. He didn't force surgery or this is that. I was blown away when I was given the bill at the end! Seriously 75% less than what Banfield would've charged me! I really can't say enough good things about this wonderful clinic. I highly recommend switching to them for all of your pet's needs, you won't regret it!:)
5	Doc Anderson has been amazing for years my family has been bringing their pets in for 30 years
