5	I love this store. Worked at a different Z Gallerie for years so I have an insider opinion - but it's also changed SO much since then that it's hard to even compare the two.What I love most about them is how they do an amazing job of keeping up with the times.  I had folks who used to say "Weren't you guys the black and white store?".  Yea, when the trends were black and white, Z Gallerie was all over it.  But when they finally went back to natural colors, Z Gallerie was here first showing folks how to integrate the new things into your home.  Their designers do a great job of showing suggested groupings - be it in furniture or even small decor.  And their prices are pretty darn reasonable.  In the last 5 years or so some of their stuff has been a little too Pottery Barn priced - though for those pieces it was also Pottery Barn quality.  But they have always had some amazing gift items (Candles, vases, bowls, etc) that look absolutely amazing - and cost a lot less than you might expect.  Great spot to either buy yourself a little something special - or for that wedding or birthday gift.
5	I wish I had the budget to decorate my apartment with more awesome things from Z Gallerie. They have a home decor style which is more urban and modern and less Martha Stewart. If nothing else I can always find inspiration from their beautiful collections, and then go copy it for a lot cheaper.Z Gallerie has pretty much anything you need to decorate your house, but they don't carry a lot of essentials. It's more about the glamor in here. Extensive selection of drinking glasses, art, over the top bedrooms, and dinner settings. Last time I was there I found this one table that was decorated with all golden dishes and goblets with center pieces of gold crabs and lobsters. This is Scottsdale not the Hamptons! It was very amusing.Great place just to walk around and find crazy things! Not your Grandparents place for decorating ideas.
3	After canvassing the valley for a new bedroom set a couple of months ago, I was about to give up all hope when I finally wandered into Z Gallerie. Problem was, I didn't know exactly what I was looking for... I wanted something simple, but not too simple; something modern, but with a retro twist; something cool, but without looking like it's trying to be cool... Not too much to ask, is it? Not at Z Gallerie, where I found exactly what I was looking for - at what I consider very reasonable prices ($600 for the bed, $300 per nightstand). In addition to the furniture in the store, which in addition to furniture included lamps & artwork, we were shown their catalog, which contained an even larger selection. After not finding anything I liked anywhere else, I found myself now having to choose between several different bedroom sets.Service at the time of purchase was pleasant and helpful. Once I made my selection, I waited patiently while the cashier called the warehouse to find out if the items were in stock or needed to be special ordered (longer delivery time). I was informed that my items were in stock and would be delivered within 2 weeks. Sadly, this did not happen. In fact, nothing happened. I never heard from them again. When I called them I was informed that my items had to be special ordered, and would not arrive for 3-4 weeks. I was assured I would receive a phone call from the delivery company within that timeframe. 4 weeks later, I called back to find out what was going on. I was told a manager would call me back. I left three additional messages over the next three weeks (each time providing my phone number), before finally speaking with a manager, who informed me that my furniture had arrived the week before. The problem? She said they had wrong phone number on file. If I hadn't provided my phone number 4 times, this could have been a valid excuse. But I did. Each time.My furniture finally arrived this afternoon (8 weeks later), and while I love my new bedroom set, the customer service experience left me with a bad taste in my mouth. 4 stars for their furniture, 2 stars for their service.
4	I wandered into this store while wandering down Mill on a Saturday afternoon and what a pleasant surprise it was. Their design fit perfectly with my tastes and I wish I had the extra cash to redesign my house with their products. The salespeople were friendly and helpful, but not pushy. Great experience!
4	Sadly, another victim of Tempe Marketplace killing Mill Ave --this Z Gallerie location is closing and they're liquidating the inventory. If you've had your eye on something for a while, get your tuchus in there STAT!  The entire store is 30% and sale items get an additional 10% as of this week. I got a $149 candelabra I'd been eyeballing for months -- for $40!!  It was already on sale at 70% off and they threw in an additional 10% off the sale price. Cannot beat that with a bat!
5	Closed - Closed - Closed Thanks Tempe Marketplace, you are seriously ruining Mill. This was a great store, they had wonderful housing accessories, cool furniture, and awesome art. It was a perfect place to buy a last minute gift and they always had great sales. I will miss this store :(
5	This store is now closed.  I was there for the 2009 tempe Art Walk and the signage was already torn down.  Sad, very sad!  Only two left in this area are at Mill Creek and Mesa.
