1	I had never been to this store's location in Scottsdale before Saturday. I have frequented the Biltmore location (and I'm a HUGE fan of their store & clothes). However, I will NEVER go back to the Bogota location because of the service/staff. The only people in the store who were getting good service or help were the snotty sales girl's friends. Not only were they unhelpful, but the sales girl actually insulted me to my face ("YOU're a size 2?" - YES, actually I am).....I walked out and went to the Biltmore location to spend several hundred dollars. I am a big supporter of luluemon's products and store....but avoid the Bogota location if you want any service or a good selection.
1	Lululemon has luxurious, expensive workout wear and so when I'm shopping here I expect a higher level of customer service then, say, at Sports Authority.  I expect that the sales women know their product.  Anywho.My first time in the store earlier this week was to browse and return a head band that I was assured was non slip.  As I tried it on my head on my way home, it slipped back.  Guess what?  They don't accept returns on accessories.  Not that that is clear on the receipt.  C'mon now, the tags were on and I had the receipt from a week prior.  No returns, no exchanges, despite my expression of unhappiness with the product.  Then, I found a tank top I liked and wanted to pay cash but.....credit cards only.  ONLY.  Seriously?  I get it, most of us pay by credit card, but still, it's not like I was going to write a check.  I was told it's because it's a SHOWROOM not a store like the Biltmore location.  Oh, NOW that makes sense....(not).   Two stores in the Phoenix area, two so-so experiences.  When I'm paying $125 or more for a workout outfit, I expect something a little more impressive.  I've learned my lesson, I'll stick to Lucy.
1	The stores are great - JUST DON"T ORDER ONLINE!  THey don't have a clue what they are doing - two day shipping takes four days!  Regular shipping takes FoReVER _ they don't return phone calls - they don't know what they are doing at the shipping department in Canada - only buy in the stores -- waning....
