5	Kind of hard to believe that after something like 30+ years someone would finally write a review for their pizza (and its me!). I used to have all my bday's here and then one day, it burnt down. Who was that guy "Magic Mark" anyway? Then they re-opened again and wow, that same Pizza came back into existence. I still remember the owner's son who was a friend of mine as a kid. Telly I think. Owner was Nick I believe. Great people. Wonderful food. Wish I was in Montreal to still eat it! Who says Greeks can't make pizza. In fact, the very foundation of Rome itself was Greek in two ways - Etruscans and Greek settlers (both Greek).Never had pizza like this before or since. If I was them, I would publish a recipe book. 1000's of us would buy it!
5	If you are a west side Montrealer and have not experienced Tasty Foods, shame on you! :). Same staff, different location, but same unique sauce, pepperoni, and crust (I highly suggest ordering well done).  Individual sized pizzas; pre-selected or make your own.  Great delivery, but if you pick up: 3 for price of 4. Look, I grew up on the stuff. Living outside of MTL for 14 years, I can vouch that this is one unique pie that will keep you ordering again (eating there; meh!). And they have much more than pizza....
1	Never again! Gross. Food arrived super soggy, super late, and management was super rude about it. More like Tasteless Food, frankly. Wish it would have hit the spot, but ended up throwing it- and $30- down the drain. Also, the meal was delivered with the wrong sides, because a machine had broken down, and nobody thought to call perhaps and make sure that would be ok. GAH!
1	If I could give this place less than one star I would. Where to start, first off they re-heat old French fries in dirty oil. Even after I called back the second time to ask them not to. Their food is sub par and dirty. Now all that aside I had an issue with them messing up an order and called in to ask them to fix this, the girl over there was rude and defensive to my claims that the wrong toppings were placed on the burger we had ordered. I specifically said no tomato and she specifically repeated that back to me as we'll so I know it wasn't her fault. She passed me over to the manager who was really mad that he had to come to the phone and explained to him that the person is allergic to tomatoes and that we'd appreciate it if they could send us a new one...he said rudely "no just scrape the fu@$ng tomato off. I told him that she's allergic and that there is still tomato all over even if we scrape it off. He said too fu&$% bad we're not sending you anything. I asked him why he was so mad and he said cause I'm fu%^# busy cooking wtf do you want and hung up. NOW THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Bottom line aside from the fact the employees are so jaded and disgruntled the food is just nasty dirty re-used oil re-heat fries and just dirty!
3	This place has been around for as long as I can remember. I usually go for the lentil soup! Excellent choice. The pitzza is ok, not the best in the city and a little over cooked for my taste.  Service is friendly but can't say much for the decor.
