3	Love LOVE the food!  Love the price!  Love the selection but this place is SO loud with music THEY CAN control ... it would make me think twice before coming back!  They have it cranked, they can not hear the customer, we can not here them and it is crazy!
4	Stopped in today after church, clean, upbeat environment.   First time here, so we asked about their most popular sandwiches.  Definitely gave a great recommendation - I went with the #9 Italian Night Club w/ hot peppers.  Good amount of meat, and other condiments.  Peppers gave it a nice little kick, even picked up a bag of their Jalapeno Potato Chips.  My only complaint is I wish the sandwich was a little bigger, it was gone, but I wanted to keep eating because it was so good.   Fed a family of 4 for about $20, which isn't too bad.   Music was playing, but I didn't think it was too loud.  Sandwiches were finished about the same time we paid, so not a lot of waiting required.Sorry Mr. Goodcents, but I may have just found a new sub shop.
4	Great restaurant, great location. I haven't noticed any problems with the music at all. They are characteristically fast, I'm in and out in 5 mins.The one issue I've noticed is that the ice dispenser gets jammed, but that's not a big deal to me. I get consitently good product and that outweighs any little inconvenience.
5	I was just introduced to Jimmy Johns and love it I go to the Chandler one  at the mall and its fast and delicious. I love it so much I found the closest one to my house which is on Bell. My wife and I are from the east coast and never had JJ so I told her she had to try it because I knew she would love it. The bread is perfection it holds together with a little chew and soft inside, the meats are what really impress me the smoked ham is ridiculously amazing and the turkey is great. The only complain is they missed the onions on my sub but its so good I forgive them. Don't forget to try their BBQ chips they are good too. I'm hooked!
3	Jimmy John's is nice for two reasons. They are pretty quick with making your food, and they have a low-carb option for all subs. I am a fan of the low carb option, because their one of the only places I can go for lunch and feel pretty satisfied about.You can expect to drop between 8-10 bucks for an 8" sandwich meal. Their normal sandwiches are between $4 and $5. They have another option (between $5 and $6) for those who want a little more. If you pay for this option, expect to get double meat on, still, an 8" roll. If I remember correctly, making it a meal - which consists of a drink and either a whole pickle, chips or a cookie, and will cost you another $3.I go here quite frequently for lunch, and their service is consistent. But I don't think that they are 4 star quality. Ultimately I rated them a 3 because of their price in relation to the size of the sub that you get. The sandwiches, I think, are good for lunch, but if I'm looking to have a good time, I wouldn't think of Jimmy Johns.Also, the establishment is very clean. If you judge restaurants based on plumbing and cleanliness, I'm happy to announce that their place is very good.
5	Great food!  Good service!  Our office orders sandwiches and were all happy with the food!
1	1) Staff cannot remember customer orders after being told numerous times.2) Music is way too freakin' loud, can't understand staff or have conversations with others. ALWAYS have to ask the staff to speak up over the music - SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!3) Freaky fast? I think not - for customer pickup at least.  After a 10 min drive, my sandwich should be done...yet I arrive to them goofing around in the back, oblivious to the fact that I'm standing there watching them play patty cake - there are absolutely NO customers in the joint (wonder why?).To the General Manager - if you read this, please straighten up your store for the sake of customer experience and future business!FAQ: - I actually do Love Jimmy Johns, just not this location- No I'm not 80 yrs old
4	Funny staff. Located right by the Starbucks huge plus. Speed of service is legendary. Great classic rock tunes playing.
1	I went to Jimmy Johns with my 1 year old son. While ordering, I asked if my tomatoes could be placed on the side for my son. He is a picky eater but loves tomatoes. The young man at the cash register told me that I could just scrape them off the sandwich and that he had nothing to put them on the side with. I pointed at the complimentary water cups and asked if he could use one of those. He told me that he was the manager and that his boss told him that he could not do that. Are you kidding? Your boss told you that you could not accommodate a toddler?? I wasn't asking for anything other than an item from my sandwich to be placed on the side. Needless to say I will not be returning to this establishment any time soon.
3	Love the Italian sub well worth it
3	Place was clean not busy and fast. Ordered a number 5 which is a Vito. Sandwich came out even, and not messy at all. They didn't over do the dressing and the meat to veggies to bread ratio was good. Sandwich was good, chips were good also. The iced tea tasted strange but no big deal I decided to change it to Dr Pepper. Just like all the other jimmy johns so no complaints.
5	Always good, fast, and fair priced.  A good sandwich value and several choices.  Just wish the music was a bit lower so a conversation can be had at the table.
1	We just moved into this area and have eaten here on many occasions,and have had food delivered to my home on a few occasions as well.  Generally speaking the food is ok to good seems pretty fresh, the bread is great, so with that said we are squally pretty happy.  On this occasion I had approximately 20 people at our home for a town hall type meeting with the other home owners in our neighborhood.  After little debate it was decided that we would just order sandwiches from JJ's and ave them delivered.  I call this location.  When the phone was answered n the greeting was yellow please hold.  I had it on speaker and most of the group began to laugh believing it was a terrible way to answer the phone being most of the people here were either business owners or middle to upper level managers.  Five plus minutes past before the person came on the line and asked what can I help you with?  I informed her that I wanted to place an order to be delivered.      She stated " ok what is your address"?  I gave it to her and she then asked "what do you need I am very busy". At this point one member of our party stated she is very Rude, and that we should just go to subway, everyone pretty much disagreed and I began to order.  I started to order one of the 18 sandwiches and 2 lettuce wraps, when I finished she seemed very disturbed and ask if I remembered that she said that she was very busy.  I replied with a yes, and asked if I could get a total please?  She then stated that she was not sure she could fill this order because of its size.  I then stated that t would be no different than if 20 people came in and ordered 20 sandwiches individually.  She than gave me my total and asked for my phone number and my cross streets.  I told her and she then stated that I just wasted her time because that they don't deliver to my address any longer and swore Nader her breath but loud enough for the group to hear her over the speaker of my phone.  Please note that I live just south of cactus as does everyone of the group at my home this evening.  Note:  t is just over one mile to my home.  most people in our group have had food delivered to our homes from JJ's in the past.  Well needless to say the group  went to Subway to get our sandwiches.  Oh and the girl on the Phone stated her name was Jayme and that she was the manager when I asked to speak to the Manager.
1	Slow making subs and service was far from perfect. The bread seemed to sitting out for quite some time so the bread was hard. As well as the music was way too loud I felt like I had to almost shout to be heard to place the order. Even then the order was made incorrectly.  When I kindly approached the guy at the register he seemed to have an attitude.  I am a big fan of Jimmy John's. However this location has a lot to work on in the area of customer service.  It will be awhile before I'm back at this location.
2	I love jimmy johns! Way better than other fast sandwich restaurants. Just had a bad experience though. I always order the Italian night club with hot peppers on the side. This location though the cashier refused to give my peppers on the side! Is it that hard to put some peppers into a cup? I don't think that's too much to ask for...
1	I've been told several times they don't deliver to my address that's two blocks away...:yet I see jimmy johns deliver to several other apartments in my complex. Ridiculous.
4	We ordered online. Quick n easy. It says they dont deliver n Im like 2 miles away litrrally. So where do they deliver cause im right in between two locations? Anyhow, that would be my ONLY complaint. Food is awesome. Just enough of everything..nothing overdone. We got two gargantuans for hub n i and the kids each got a slim. Paid around $30 for 4 subs which is more than other places. We usually do gatti's down the road...we just were wanting to try something different. Ill still probably stick to gattis for my usual place cause they have more variety..but this is nice- different- for every now n then... another instance where delivering would encourage more orders...
1	I work across the street from this location and my coworkers and I would order from here at least once a week... The last time we ordered from them 3 of us payed with debit over the phone and were all charged wayyyy more than we signed for on our cards. This was very upsetting and makes you wonder how many other people have been screwed over and over payed without their permission. Thankfully we check our accounts and realized the over charges. One sandwich and our cards were charged $20?! Horrible and inexcusable. Needless to say we do not feel comfortable ordering from this location anymore.
1	I'll never go here again. I order the vegetarian sandwich to be delivered. The delivery guy shows up with no change which means I either have to turn away the food of pay $10 for the stupid thing. Then it was missing avocado. I  called to complain and they told me to search for the avocado between the cheese. $10 for a sandwich I need a magnifying glass to see what's on it. F that!
2	Service here is below par. Food is always good but the customer service really needs A LOT of work. Seems like they will just hire any Joe Blow off the street. Other than that, it's your typical jimmy johns with good tasting subs
