4	This place is pretty good. Decent price and tasty food, from what I've had so far. I recommend the carne asada California style burrito.
5	Good service, good food, and great menu.   By far better than Don Pedro's down the street.  Come here quite often and every time food and service is great .
3	Close to the house which is great. But the service there lags big time. And the girl at the counter I've been helped by several times has absolutely ZERO personality. I'm not impressed with the way they prepare their chicken. Carne asada is decent, breakfast burritos are great especially the chorizo. Nice hours of operation, and the store is always clean.
2	Blah, it is a ok place, rice is not my favorite, same as filbertos but fillis rice is way better.
2	I'm use to the Favritos in Chandler and Scottsdale. This is Favritos isn't so good. 3 visits and each time I'm disappointed. Payed for food and drinks, so I set food down on table and go back to the cashier to ask for my drinks and she asked if I paid?? Really, I just gave you my money and you handed me my food.....really?? Argue with me some more....The food was ok and isn't up to the quality of the other Favritos.
4	Tried this place for the first time today.  Fast, friendly service, good prices, & great tasting food!  We got a shredded beef burrito and a carnitas burrito (also shredded).  Both were fantastic and chocked full of meat... just the way we like it. :)We will definitely be back.... soon!
4	I love the food, i go very often, much better than Filiburtos and prices are great. The only issue is Ill go for lunch and get great tacos, filled with alot of cheese and lettuce and full. At Dinner, they are lacking and they taste and look like Filiburtos tacos. So change of cooks.
4	I've been here twice and both times it was good. I love the rolled tacos covered in Guac. I have also tried the super nachos and boy were they filling.
3	On good days their great on bad days, yuck. Wish they can be consistent!
2	This place started out great.  Now the people are very unfriendly.  The last few times I have went in all the tables are dirty, grease is dropping out of the bottom of the burritos.  There was hardly any meat in the food it just makes me wonder what has changed.  I won't be going back here for a while.  Come on people smile at your customers they are paying the bill ya know!
5	I don't know exactly what it is about this place.  It certainly doesn't offer much in ambience or service,  and the menu is not gourmet in any sense,  but it simply consists of great Mexican food - and there is just no way of getting around it.  Simple, inexpensive,  filling, reliable, and addictive.   What more can you ask for?
4	Machaca plate is my favorite! Taste fresh and delicious every time! Churro for dessert and a glass bottled coke to drink! It's enough for me two get two meals from.
5	OMG! It was so good! My food was flavored well and made just how I ordered it. It was so exciting to actually get what I ordered and enjoy it!
5	Just moved into the area and tried this place and they have GREAT FOOD!!  Will definitely be back!
4	Trumps any filibertos out in San Tan. Shredded beef chimi was a little salty but the carne tacos are where it's at. It's like being in Mexico except you can trust what you're eating. We will be back!
1	The food quality at the San Tan location is not up to par with the Chandler shop.  They started off okay when they first opened, but they have grown complacent.  We always order breakfast burritos, which are tasteless and smaller and not as full as their other locations.  You would be hard pressed to find a piece of potato in the burrito, and they only put a few strands of cheese inside of each one.  It's like eating a rolled up tortilla with a tablespoon of egg, 1 small piece of chorizo.  I've given them 3 opportunities to change, but after paying almost $5 for a dried out burrito, we will never eat there again.  The breakfast burritos at Taco Bell are better.
1	Stay away  unless you like nasty and dirty food, in that case proced.  I seen one of the cooks rub his nose like really, really hard, would almost consider it picking with the same glove he decided to make my burrito with.  Had to turn it down.   Stay away.  Not worth it.
