4	We were visiting UNC Charlotte and felt like Chinese Food and this place was nearby. Very surprised, We ordered 3 main courses and everything was fantastic and so, so reasonable. I had soup and the wife and kids had egg rolls and springs rolls and everyone agreed the food was great.
4	Everything was hot, delivered fast and delicious, definitely will be going back.
5	The best Chinese food in the university area.  Get the chicken fried rice.
4	I have eaten here many times.  I always get the general tso's chicken extra spicy.  I will sometimes get the chicken fried rice.  Both of which are great.  There is one server that I have seen and he is able to serve all the tables in a timely manner.  The food comes out fast and hot.  If you call to order when they say 10 minutes, they mean 10 minutes.  Overall best chinese place I have found in the University area.
5	Man this is my favorite chinese place in the queen city by far.
1	Ordered the vegetable and rice lunch special.The vegetables were overcooked and the rice tasted a day or two old.Perhaps it was an off day. Still, I'll take my $$ elsewhere.
3	A good solid place for some take out, but it's even nice enough to dine in.  This restaurant has a few tables and booths  and I have never had an issue finding a table or getting quick service. Not really greasy Chinese food either. Last night my friend and I ordered the Curry Chicken and Chicken and Broccoli no complaints! The hot and sour soup was a great start and of course our food was ready in "ten minutes". If you're in the university area, this is your best bet for classic, quick and cheap Chinese dinning!
4	Yummy food! We ordered takeout - was quick and affordable way to free 5 people with lots of leftovers.
5	Best shrimp fried rice ever. Prices are normal but the food is above avg. I try to make it here 2 times a month.
1	Your kidding me right? This place is so nasty .. And the food? The what? They take the " C" out of China... First this place smelled? Not sure if it was urine or cat p**** HUh.... then I get the order . When I treid to explain it was hard for them to understand that HEY I did not order this What do you not understand ? I order (translate)   number 6 not 11 I know for some people that is hard to understand .                 If this simple one person order gives you problems then maybe you should try something else ? Walmart greeter? Or maybe one of those people that gives out the free sample at stores? On second thought maybe not.... that is to much to understand .. 1) Open box  2) Place on plate  3) Put in microwave 4) hit 'On " for 3 minutes .        There are to many places that have much better food  like well... Any where else....
4	I have been here a couple times with my girlfriend and we have always been satisfied with the quality of the food here.  We had some Lo Mein the last time we both went there and it was really yummy.  The service was a little slow the second time we went and it was really slow in the restaurant itself, so I did not understand what the issue was with that, but otherwise this is a pretty good Chinese joint which is reasonably priced compared to some other places close by.  Awesome spot for lunch, which is when I would recommend going the most.
2	I ordered the general tsos(all time fav) and the sesame chicken for lunch. I wanted to try both and see which would come out in top. The fried rice had no taste and was dried out....I might has well have been chewing on the box. The chicken was terrible. It was stringy and had no taste. The sauce was nowhere to be found. I love Chinese food and I couldn't even finish the food. I am not a fan of this place. I tried to reheat it the next day and it looked like it had been in the fridge for over a week. Never again.
5	Excellent food & good prices!!
5	Great place, although they DO NOT DELIVER!
5	I have been to many Chinese places here in clt. This lpace has the best shrimp fried rice and chicken wangs. period, point blank. Now I cant comment on anything else they serve as I only get the above mentioned food. in fact, thats all I have ever eaten from a Chinese place is that.A+ all the way!
4	I don't understand some of these reviews. This place does deliver, the staff is always professional and pleasant, and the food is good. It's just that simple. I definitely recommend this place!
4	I became a fan of this place gradually... now I go there almost twice a week! The food is just delicious. I didn't like the food for the first time, but I tried again and now couldn't let it go anymore...
4	I've dined in and gotten take out. This portions are huge so it really feels like you're getting your money's worth. Every employee I've ever encountered has been very nice and the food tastes pretty good.
5	BEST Chinese in Charlotte! China Palace is by far the top Chinese spot anywhere in Charlotte. Bold statement, I know. But true statement indeed! The ambience is very classy while remaining casual. I love R&B music, and they play Chinese versions of my favorite R&B songs. They also have a couple TVs so you don't have to miss the big game over getting grub. The food is to die for. I'm a big Sesame Chicken fan, and this is the sesame chicken by which all other sesame chickens will be judged. They have Pepsi products so all Mtn. Dew fans are appeased and their egg rolls and chips with duck sauce are great.That doesn't even cover their service, which truly sets China Palace apart from everyone else. If you take three sips, the waiter gives you a refill. Doesn't matter how busy they are. I drink a lot of water, and my glass doesn't get as much as half of the way empty before I get a refill. Talk about attentive! In addition, everyone is as nice as possible. One last thing. One time, I showed up with a friend who was getting an order to go. I didn't get anything that time, but they gave me free sweet tea just for waiting there. Isn't hard to see why China Palace is one of Charlotte's top restaurants.
4	Good, fresh food with large portion size.  Plain but tidy dining room made up of dark red vinyl upholstered wooden booths (plain, not cushy) and apricot-painted walls with Christmas lights hanging around the front.  Everything looked clean.  The sanitation score was 94.0 when I visited.  The "fried rice" that comes with the meal is just soy sauce stirred into rice -- no bits of veggie, let alone meat.  You can presumably get the real thing by ordering fried rice as a separate entree.  Luncheon specials from 11-4 priced at $5.95 including the entree, rice, and egg roll are very reasonable, though I have not ordered them.  The main menu runs from $8.95 to $15.95 for most entrees.  My Hunan Shrimp was $9.95 and included only the entree and rice.    I visited there on a Sunday at dusk.  The place was deserted.  The counter staff (owner?) was reasonably pleasant and efficient, but the words warm or friendly just do not apply.  I was charged fairly and the carry-out food was freshly prepared, hot, nicely packaged, and in my hands in no time.Once I got home, I found I had a large, very fresh order of Hunan Shrimp, which contained really large shrimp and lots of good-looking veggies cut into pretty large pieces.  The portion size was large and fed three hungry people from a single order. This was tasty and superior to what I usually get, so I recommend it.  The hot and sour soup was just okay; I have had better.  The spring roll was small and greasy; not recommended.Their carryout menu states in large letters that they deliver for orders with a $15 minimum, but when I tried ordering delivery the following Tuesday, I was told that service was available only from 5-9 p.m. on weekends.   The carry-out menu only says they deliver within 5 miles but does not mention the limited availability of this service.  She said their weekday driver had returned to China; apparently, they have no plans to replace the driverThe food was fresh, tastier than many Chinese places, generously portioned, and reasonably priced for what you get, so I will be back.
5	Sooooo delicious. Literally one of the better Chinese restaurants in the UNCC area. I always order the shrimp fried rice no matter where I go and this is my go to spot that never fails me. Never too greasy or salty and I don't have to add soy sauce for flavor. The boyfriend got the sesame chicken and rice. He said it tasted just "okay" but the portion size made up for it. The portions are huge- it usually takes me 4 meals to eat all of it and I'm a big eater!The prices are noticeably higher than your average Chinese spot but the quality and portion size makes up for it.
3	I went here yesterday for the 1st time. The place is nice & clean looking. Nicer than most small Chinese restaurants I've been to. I ordered the sesame chicken meal with "fried rice," house special lo mein, & 2 egg rolls. $21.63. They give you a good amount of sesame chicken & lo mein. & how Heather M. said the fried rice is just white rice covered in soy sauce. Their egg rolls are different too, well the outside is, & they were dry. The lady who checked me out was nice.I wouldn't say this is the best Chinese place I've been to & not the worst.
4	Very fast and tasty Chinese food. Both dinner and lunch portions are HUGE. However, if you choose "spicy" there is a tendency to over-do it to the point of inedibility.
4	Atmosphere: A clean modern atmosphere that doesn't look tacky and suits the restaurant well. Food: The food is quite good and easily the best Chinese restaurant in the area and dare say all of Charlotte in its price range. I usually get the Sesame Chicken or General Tso's chicken and both are always exceptional.Service: Service is always prompt and the waiters are very attentive.If you're in the University-Charlotte area give this place a try for sure!
4	One of my favorite places for good sit down dinner for good take out food is good service is good
2	We went there last night, based on the excellent reviews, but thought it was mediocre, at best. There was only one person waiting tables, so we had to wait a long time to place and receive our order. When we got our food, we found it all to be quite bland. We had wonton and hot and sour soups, sesame chicken, General Tso's chicken and moo shu pork.
4	Finally, a good chinese food place in Charlotte. I've tried so many Chinese food places and this one is by far the best. The chicken fried rice was AWESOME. The orange chicken was pretty good, could have used more of an orange flavor though. I got take out, clean place and good prices. Overall, I'd recommend this place and I think that says a lot.
5	Oh boy I'm gonna try and write this before I lapse into a food coma. The lunch portions here are for freaking dinasours. I had KungPo Chicken and it was spiced perfectly ( may be too much for some milk drinkers but they'll adjust the level of spice on request ) . The celery,water chestnuts and green peppers in the dish were crunchy and not too oily. The fried rice was average but egg roll batter was flaky like a pastry. Some other pros were our food arrived in about a nanosecond and every server was super friendly. And if you need them ... the bathrooms are squeaky clean !
2	The service in this place sucks! The waiters are freaking rude! They really need to learn how to behave with customers. Apart from the wings, this place is a hell NO!
