5	I have visted Anita for a few years now to get my eyebrows threaded. Before I saw her, I used to get them waxed, which ended up pulling on my skin and now at 40, I have some loose skin under my brows.Thanks to Anita, I no longer have to worry about waxing. Her threading technique has shaped my unruly brows better than wax or tweezers. She gave me the brows I always wanted. Her prices are very reasonable.  And she is always so polite and a joy. I also took my teenage daughter to see her. She was using accutane, and the natural thread would not irritate her skin like waxing.After my session, she uses natural rose water on the area that was threaded. This gives me no irritation.I highly reccommend Anita, she is very expierenced, reasonable and FABULOUS.
5	I have been going to Anita for about a year now to get my eyebrows threaded. I have sensitive skin that breaks out easily so I can't get my eyebrows waxed. If you have never had your eyebrows threaded before, I must inform you, it still hurts! It is pretty quick though and no chemicals are used on your skin. It is very hard to find people who do threading (unless you want to get it done in the middle of the mall with everyone walking by) but Anita is great. Make sure you give yourself atleast a week to get an appointment as she books up pretty fast. I don't know what she charges for other services but I pay $12 for my eyebrows to be threaded and it lasts about 3 weeks.
5	Great New Look for $12! I went in for eyebrow threading since I can't wax due to having senstive skin. First time hurt some but the results are worth it! Anita knows how to shape your brows to make you look great. I'll be back in 4 weeks!
5	Went here recently for my first time because of the reviews here on yelp and man were they every helpful and true. As she was threading my eyebrows she held a nice little conversation with me and when we were done my eyebrows looked fabulous and were the perfect width for my face. Not to thick and not too thin. Definitely going back to her.
5	Had an awesome first experience. She was nice, gentle and kept up a little chit chat with me to fill in the awkward silence haha. Cheap too! For 20 I got my eyesbrows and lip done. :)
1	don't waste your time! this place is no longer open.
