4	Okay Grimaldi's is officially open as of 7/11.  This is actually my 1st time. First good sign, they have one local beer on tap, Devil's Ale from Santan Brewing, my first choice would be Hop Knot from 4 peaks but this is not a bad choice. I ordered the white with sausage.  I am a big fan of white pizza and this one did not disappoint.
2	My wife and I ate at this location recently per several recommendations from friends.  We had a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, house salad, and cannoli.  To be truthful, I was expecting greatness.  All the reviews I read and all of the feedback from friends built this place up and I was hoping for an awesome pizza place that would be nearby.End result, I simply can not understand the cult-like following of this restaurant. I mean, it is hard to mess up pizza.  You have to seriously be a pretty bad if you can't turn out a decent pie.  Grimaldi's pizza was simply average.  Our pizza came out and looked great, but as soon as you picked up a piece, dark grease poured (quite literally) off.  As a result, flavor and texture wise the pizza was a near equivalent of the "pizza" from Sbarro's or any other mall pizza.I have been to Cibo, Bianco, and the like.  Overall the best pizza I have found is from Picazzo's.
1	My wife and I ate here last night and were enthusiastic upon entering the restaurant after hearing and reading all the hype about this chain.  But, what a major disappointment.  We ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushrooms.  Grimaldi's is very proud of their pies with a $16.00 sticker price on a basic large cheese.  Toppings are $2.00 each.  So with $20.00 invested in the pie we were hoping for a really good taste.  We like our pizza a little extra crispy and ordered it that way but it came out chewy like a piece of jerky.  Upon inspection - I pulled the cheese and topping layer off the crust - we saw a gummy crust that looked like a glazed donut. A total turn-off.  Also, the sauce was tasteless and the cook skimped on the toppings.  I've eaten a gazillion pizzas in my day and this pie gets a letter grade of an F.  For starters we tried the house salad and at best, it was very average.  The ingredients weren't chopped/prepared professionally and the dressing was bland.  We mentioned our disappointment to our waitress and she had the manager come over to speak to us.  We pointed out the gummy undone crust and he took 50% off the pizza and said he hoped we'd give his store another try.  But nothing turns me off more than unjustified hype, and Grimaldi's gets way too much credit for basically no reason.  I think I'll stick with Oregano's....or heck, even Peter Piper has way better pizza.
5	Awesome pizza and wonderful service. The wine selection is great too! Lucas, Jen, Christian rock! And Larry is the man.  Job well done!!!!!
2	Typically, no place that claims to be that good ever lives up to the hype and this is no exception.  Let me run this down from the top.  I liked the decor, exposed kitchen, and wine selection.  Both house wines were tasty for a meager $4 a pop.  The service was fantastic for our party of 10, which is a big plus.  However, the draw here is the pizza.  I was already prepared for the premium price on supposedly premium pizza, but such was not the case.  The large white pizza was really lacking the flavor I am used to and the crust just didn't do it for me.  I tried a friends pesto and there wasn't much on there.  As others have stated, they do skimp on the toppings a bit for $2-4 per topping.  In conclusion, I gave it a try but they won't be getting my hard earned money again.
5	Awesome.  Larry, Christina and Lucas are wonderful. Tuesday for wine, the best! My goodness the pizza was so yummy. Thank you for being so close to Ahwatukee. Live it!
1	Stopped by with my daughter - they were open but unable to make pizza for 45 minutes!!  Huh?  Thanks for the heads up - no need to try again with competition everywhere.
4	Great ambiance, pizza, salad & wine!  No need to review if you've been to one Grimaldi's their all very similar.  Thin crust quality toppings and fresh salads.I enjoy them, but I know it's going to cost me. They think highly of their food.
4	Yeah, it was ok, pizza was tasty, so was the salad. I wasnt BLOWN out of the water about anything. So thats why I give it 3 stars. Great, attentive server (Suzanne) answered any questions I had, polite and friendly, because of her, I'll give an extra star.
5	I walked in here the other night with a friend not knowing what expect.  My friend says to me, "oh they have great pizza here."  Of course my friend has the taste buds of a dog, and dogs lick their own butts, so I took his comment with a pound of salt.The hostess was super nice and eager to help.  Walked us to the bar, explained the menu, made a recommendation (pepperoni, tomatoes and garlic which we went with), and took our order.  I think if she could have helped us devour the pizza, she would have been right there with us.Pizza came to about $24, and for a quality pizza I think $20ish...so slightly above what I was expecting.  Once I folded my slice in half (as you should) and put that first bite in my mouth, I knew instantly where every penny of that $24 went.  It went into that first bite and I still had the rest of that slice plus three more to look forward to.I'm pretty blown away and really don't have much to nitpick here.  This is just a single experience, and a take-out one at that, so the five stars should be taken lightly.  There will definitely be a round two at this place.
3	I went here the other night with a group of girlfriends since they do 1/2 price wine on Tuesday nights. A fantastic deal but alas, this past Tues. was the end of that promotion. Hopefully they bring it back in the future because without that, I am not sure I would visit again. I liked the decor and our service was great but nothing about the food really wowed me enough to make me want to come back. We started with the caprese salad. The ingredients were very fresh but very basic. Beefsteak tomatoes and generic balsamic. Basically, it was ok but I could have made it just as good myself with ingredients from the grocery store. The pizza is billed as New York style but I don't agree since it was not soft enough to fold in half. It is more that crispy thin brick oven variety that has become so popular lately.... my husband refers to it as "crunchy pizza". And I know that the whole coal-fired thing is kind of their trademark but I did not enjoy the black carbon residue all over my fingers when I picked up a slice. Minus one star for that. Overall the food was ok and our server was super nice. Very friendly but not overly intrusive. She did disappear after bringing us the bill but another server stepped in to take our cards. So they have good team work which is nice to see. I also liked the brick walls and wine bottle light fixtures; although it definitely feels like a chain they still aren't too boring about it. One thing I did not like was the seating. They only had a couple of booths along the walls and they were all full so we had to sit at a table in the center of the restaurant that was not nearly big enough to accommodate four people and a large pizza in the middle. The size of the tables and the rigid, armless chairs does not make you want to hang out and enjoy wine and conversation. Which is sad since they did have a solid list of lower to mid-range bottles at reasonable prices.  I think this would be a fine place to take a family out for dinner but not the best for a date night or girls night.
5	This is one of my favorite pizza places!  We eat here on a semi-regular basis because it is, as far as I'm concerned, the best pizza place in the Ahwatukee area. (All the locations are excellent, this is just the closest to home.)We order the same thing every time because it's pretty much perfect - White with Garlic pizza, extra cheese, mushrooms, and pepperoni.  The flavor is wonderful and the texture is a great combination of melty soft cheese and crispy, wood-fired crust.  Each component part is good enough to eat on it's own - spicy pepperoni, creamy cheese, fresh mushrooms, and a slightly salty crust.  HIGHLY recommended.We've had a couple of their salads before - the Mediterranean and the Caesar.  Both had fresh with flavorful dressings.  The Caesar was my favorite of the two - tangy and bright tasting, with a nice Parmesan cheese on top.  BTW, even the small size salads are large enough to share between four people.The only issue we've ever had was with the service when this location first opened.  All subsequent trips have been wonderful.  The staff is friendly and the decor is very nice.  It's a little on the spendy side, but totally worth it!
4	Super thin crust, fresh mozzarella, and bland sauce. 7-9-5 would be the scores respectively our of 10.Coal fired, with water adjusted to NY mineral levels shows great attention to the crust. However the sauce while not sweet it lacks flavor it could some some basil, oregano and or garlic. The cheese is great however. We had a large cheese pizza $18.99 a bit steep but not terrible for a sit down gourmet esque. However due to the thin thin nature and blobs of cheese there is less overall pizza than other thin crust places like NYPD.This place has a long laundry list of toppings, this is why I think the sauce lacked flavor as most don't miss it when they add on a whole meals worth of meat and veggies to a pizza.The menu is simple salads pizza stomboli's and desert. Overall its a decent option for a nicer pizza in this area of town.
4	Grimaldi's in Chandler.. Ambience...YES...  Sangrias $6! White YES... Red... YES.. great wine list YES... price ... NO... I do not care how great this small pizza was.. and yes.. it was half sausage/pepperoni and half artichoke heart/sundried tomatoe/ricotta Total: $59! IS a whole lotta price for a small pie.. glad I liked my date...since it was my turn to pay.. holy mozzerelly
2	Tell you what, I am a pizza fan! If I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be pizza! We went there for a work lunch and prices are kinda high, and pizza was kinda of dry.  There are better places out there...
3	The pizza and salad were tasty. I'm not a huge fan of their calzones.
4	Not bad.  Big pizza for the money.  A little greasy though.
3	The restaurant is very nice inside and has a outdoor seating area out front. My waitress was very friendly on my visit which is always a good sign.  The pizza choices are all build your own.  So it's more expensive than all the other pizza places around here.  If you go up past two toppings you would be far more expensive than any other place.  It also seems to take awhile for the pizza to come out.  One small personal pizza took about 25 min when they weren't very busy.The pizza is okay with extra thin crust and very good mozzarella.  The sauce is a bit bland. It serves it's function for the pizza, but really doesn't add anything. It definitely needs something.It's a nice place, but not something I would go out of my way for.
3	Decent pizza.  Not the best in town, not the worst.  Don't go out of you way for it but if you're in the area and want a pie, you could do worse.
4	I went to the Scottsdale location a while back and had one of the worst pizzas ever. I was reluctant to try Grimaldi's again but I'm glad I did. Maybe this location has better chefs? The boyfriend and I went to satisfy our pizza cravings on a Saturday night. When we arrived we noticed there were several tables open on the patio. So when we walked in we asked the hostess to seat us out side. We were rudely told there no tables available. The other hostess even asked about a certain table and hostess number one told her it was reserved. Okay then. I understand if there aren't tables open but the condescending tone was not needed. So we sat inside.The waitress was nice, luckily, and we ordered a caesar salad and a sausage and ricotta pizza. The salad was good, nothing exceptional but good. The pizza however was delicious. A million times better than in Scottsdale. The crust was nice and crispy, the sausage had good flavor and it had lots of big dollops of ricotta. I kept eating even when I was full because it was so tasty. I would not hesitate to go back. Hopefully the hostess will be in a better mood next time.
2	I have been to Grimaldis a couple of times now and I won't be back for a third.  I have no problem paying for good food but this place is more style than substance.  Their pizza sauce is absolutely tasteless.  The sausage was really good but they really skimp on the amount they put on the pizza.  When they brought the pizza out it looked fantastic but when I started to eat it lacked any flavor.  The crust also does not stand up well to their watery sauce.  The middle of the pizza was like a soup.  My wife ordered the ceasar salad with chicken on top.  The greens seemed fresh but the chicken is the typical Cysco bought painted on grill marked chicken you find at most fast food places.  I will never understand how an actual restaurant serves anything that is pre- cooked from a food distributor.  I work to hard for my money to give it to places like Grimaldis Pizzeria.I won't be back.
3	Turns out this place really was more hype than substance. It's good, but not great like people have been raving about. Cooking pizza in a coal oven is tricky and every easy to mess up and hard to get a consistent product out of unless you really know what you are doing. The two "cooks" I watched doing the pies weren't paying attention, and our pie was underdone, while the table next to us got theirs overcooked, The waiter we had just couldn't focus, despite not being busy, or he is a bad listener, forgot our salads, but made up for it by comping them without being asked. Desserts were institutional and overpriced. Think I went here a long time ago when it was a Tomaso's but I could be mistaken.People said Do Grimaldi's-OK, I've done it, now I am over it. On to the next place.
3	Three stars for great decor, friendly service, and a decent wine list.Two stars for bland pizza and too much sugar in the sauce.Our waiter said that Grimaldi's opened in Arizona because "...there was no good pizza in Arizona."If it wasn't for Rosatti's and Oregano's, that would still be the case.
4	This is real NYC style pizza. The only reason I dont give it 5 stars is the prices. It is spendy for pizza. I will go back if I have the chance... or a coupon.
5	While visiting the Chandler area, I decided to check out Grimaldi's off Ray Road. Holy Cow! I ordered the Pesto Pizza with chicken and garlic (recommended by our fabulous waitress, Jess), and the White Sangria. The ambiance, the food, and the friendly service is enough to make me a repeat customer. Just two weeks later, I strolled in again with my date, and Jess remembered us from the first time. I like Grimaldi's because it's genuine. You DO get what you pay for.
4	We had the combo meal...  This includes a pizza, salad and drink - good value.   Ordered the white pizza and tomatoes with Caesar salad - flavor delicious.   The Pesto pizza also good.   The 6 inch pizza is enough for me but add the salad and it's a full meal.   Ambiance good with standard pics on wall of famous folks and locations.   Service prompt and courteous.   Will be back again.
5	We stopped into the Chandler location for dinner on a Monday evening and it was nice and quiet. I'm told on the weekends, there is a waiting list. We ordered a large pie and it was indeed pretty delicious.The hostess was very friendly, staff was wonderful, and Frank was a great character! A true East Coaster. The decor was great! Definitely feels like you've left Arizona when you set foot inside.If you're from back east or would like an experience without travelling far, Grimaldi's Pizzeria is definitely somewhere to try.
4	My company had Grimaldis cater for one of our meetings. I can't speak about the environment or service but I can say I've tried a bunch of variations of their pizza. In all honesty, their Meat lover's pizza was good but it was nothing special and same goes with their other pizzas. However, I'd only come back for their pesto pizza. It was absolutely delicious and the cheese they used was amazing.  All the other pizzas were good but not good enough for me to come back. I'd only come back for their pesto pizza. And I feel fat as hell since I ate 5 different slices, 2 of them were the pesto.
3	Andrew our server was great! The pizza not so great. The sauce, like other reviewers have commented, lacked any flavor other than tomato. The crust was okay and the antipasti plate needed a bit more bread to enjoy the different flavors.Sadly disappointed.
5	I am really sorry that it has taken me so long to review this place, however, i have been thinking that i can hardly wait to go back here very soon.What great customer service they have first off! The staff is wonderful. The Manager is so great as well. I cannot remember her name but, she made sure our party was a huge success. My friend had her  Baby shower here and they really went out of their way to make it wonderful!They blocked off a private area for the party, i did not set it up. I was just a guest but, i could see all they did to make it special. I would say if you ever had a party to do . This would be the place. The food was wonderful! Salad, pizza, wine for me. EXCELLENT! Other items that my  friends got were all just as fabulously good!They even helped cut the cake and had it out. Love this restaurant and everyone that works here. Thank you so much for a wonderful time and great food.
5	My boyfriend and I love Grimaldi's pizza. I haven't had anything else but the pizza it isn't overly salty and doesn't leave me feeling ucky after eating it like many places with overly potent salt. Staff is all very nice and sweet too. Thank you grimaldis you make our week.
3	I went to Grimaldi's for an early dinner a few weeks ago and I used a coupon that I received after signing up for their mailing list. The pizza was decent, not the best but decent. The service left much to be desired as I noticed the tables in front of me and behind me received more attention. I dined alone that day which made it noticeable. The pizza was good enough that I would return to Grimaldi's the next time I receive coupon.
3	We went here for a Birthday celebration. My family had rave reviews of this place and especially there food, and they were right! The food was fabulous, pizzas were fresh and tasty. The salads were great with wonderful ingredients. The only thing was the service, I wouldn't say it was horrible but it was definitly LAZY. The server needed more training and not even the manager or other co workers would help bus the table. We were served dessert and coffee with piles of dirty dinner plates still on the table. All in all...Food = A, Service = D
4	Grimaldi's serves up thin crust pizza with fresh, flavorful ingredients.  A friend of ours reserved a room for a promotion party, and we came here in anticipation of tasty pizza.  The party started with some crisp salad with a bottle of vinaigrette and garlic bread. Then, came the parade of pizzas.  The whole entire table was filled with various types of pizza to satisfy even the pickiest eater.  The pizza had a very thin crust, layered with various fresh ingredients such as ricotta, mozzarella, sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms.  The pizza sauce was robust and more paste-like (To prevent the pizza from getting soggy I'd imagine).  My favorite of the plethora of pizzas I tried was a lovely ricotta mushroom pizza with fresh mozzarella.  The only slight negative was that it was very easy for the pizza to get cold since the pizzas were so thin, which thus turned the cheese a little rubbery as it got cold. Service was excellent despite having a large number of people to serve.  Drinks were refilled fairly promptly, and pizzas were served promptly after everyone had arrived.Since the pizza is thin, you can eat a ton of it before getting full.  I probably had twice the amount of pizza I normally would eat, both because of the tastiness of it and because of the actual pizza itself.  So, if you're in the area and craving pizza, Grimaldi's is an excellent choice!
4	Definitely impressed with this Grimaldi location.  I had heard about this establishment in Tucson, but had never actually been there.  A couple friends were staying near the Ray rd /1-10 area and recommend we meet here for lunch.  I was expecting a small hole in the wall joint, but was pleasantly surprised to see its rather large building.The decor of the place is very nice and the hostess greeted us in a very comforting manner.  Our waiter was also very attentive and helpful when we were ordering.  The thin crust pizza we ordered was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had.  However, I would definitely eat this pizza with great enjoyment.  Didn't order any alcohol, but the bar appeared to have a pretty good selection of drinks.  The pizza was good, but I was more impressed with the decor of the place and the great staff they have there.  I would definitely recommend this place and hope to visit again very soon.
3	This is not a bad pizzeria... but it's not a great one.   I came here 2 weeks ago and had the chance to try many of the appetizers and pizzas!  (my friends had their wedding rehearsal dinner here).   The appetizers are truly disappointing... the salad was way too sour... I would give this place 2 stars since the pizzas are decent and the service is great.   I tried the meat lover pizza and chicken pizza, both were delicious but not spectacular.  Overall, this is ok.... a little overpriced and I probably won't come back.
4	This store is now under new management, and the new store manager really took care of us.  I am a fan, and the pizzas came out great.  Thank you for caring!
1	The service is good but the food is not great. The pizza was soggy and had very little toppings, looked and tasted like cheese pizza. We requested that they should add more toppings, so they added little bit more topping on the existing pizza which ended up tasting terrible!! The manager spoke to us and advised us that we should have ordered double topping. A large pizza and with three toppings cost $22  to $25 (the food is not cheap)  There are so many good pizza restaurants in the valley who serve tasty pizza's and do not skimp on toppings.  I have no plans to visit this restaurant in the future.
5	Me and my wife love this place, although it makes me feel like a pig because i will put down a whole large pizza by myself because it is so good.  We take full advantage of the birthday coupons and it keeps us coming back even when we dont have a coupon.
3	I've been to Grimaldi's and loved them but we'd not been to this location. We were first told that we could not sit on the patio because too many people were out there (It was half full maybe). So we sat near the bar, which meant the bartender was our waiter I suppose (even though we were at a table). She took forever to come over to get even the drink order. Then we had to wave her down to get the food ordered. The salad we wanted wasn't quite what came out, but we didn't complain. The pizza was what you expect from Grimaldi's. Yummy, flat, thin and too much money.
2	First time there . . . Shame on Grimaldi's.  Second time tonight . . . Shame on me.  Both times the crust is over-baked, dried up and tasteless . . . A perfect accompaniment to the bland, tasteless toppings.  If screaming kids are your idea of a relaxing evening out, this place is perfect for you.  One star for cozy ambiance, one star for pleasant staff and reasonable wine list for a pizza place.  Next time I'll opt for my local pizza joint with ho-hum atmosphere and iced tea, but well-behaved families and great tasting pizza.
3	So, I Had The 6'' Individual Pepperoni Pizza. It was Ok not great  but Ok. The atmosphere is real nice the service is nice also. I might go again but not anytime soon
3	Cashed in the annual free birthday pizza coupon during a recent lunch at the empty bar. Some people were dining outside and everytime the door opened, a fly or two would make its way inside. This place needs to put some kind of roof over their patio, who is going to sit out there the next 5 months? The pizza was better in the Las Vegas area Grimaldi's. The crust was way thinner than usual and the pie had no real pizza taste or anything going on. It actually arrived at the table not very hot either. I did save $20 by using the coupon, so little to quibble with, but the pizza should be uniform now all over since this place is just another chain now and an overpriced one at that.
5	Excellent!!! Service is great...food is even better!
4	I have never been to Grimaldi's before and I must confess I thought it was an ice cream place. Thought it was weird that it was right next to another ice cream place in the same shopping center. This is a very fancy shopping center. The whole place is decked out. Almost feel like you took a wrong turn and ended up in Scottsdale.But as I learned this is a pizza place. That is all they do. Except for a few salads and some deserts the only thing on the menu is pizza and calzones. Which is great. If you do something really well stick with it. Don't try and do a bunch of stuff and end up being sub par because of it. It is not that big of a place. Smaller than I thought. But it has a nice decor. Old school New York pictures everywhere and wine bottles turned into lights.We were seated and our server Jess was right over to help us out. She asked if we had ever been there before after we said no this was our first time she proceeded to explain how things work. Everything is build your own. You pick your size, whether you want regular or white pizza and then add whatever toppings you want. Toppings are extra.We ordered drinks and she brought them right out. Then we ordered a peperoni and Italian sausage calzone and a spinach and meatball pizza. After a good pizza baking time another server brought out the calzone and then Jess brought over the pizza. She informed us as she put it down that she had accidentally put Italian sausage on the pizza as well. She was going to let us have this pizza while they made another one for us but we said it was fine and she told us they would not charge us for the extra topping. Little mistake but she handled it very well.Both the pizza and calzone were very good. Wasn't expecting such a thin crust on the pizza. This is not fold in half pizza.Overall it is very good. Not to expensive unless you go nuts with toppings. Jess was very nice and pretty cute. I like the simple menu too. I would go here again.
4	I'll keep it short and sweet! Great thin crust pizza, delish sangria, and cool atmosphere. Service was decent.. took awhile to get drinks, and for him to check in on us, but maybe he was new! :) I would recommend it for sure! :) Cute casual date night spot too!
5	Best Pizza in the East Valley.  Coal fired pizza cooked to perfection!
1	Worst service ever. Walked in today asked for 4 top and told the wait was 35 minutes.  Ok hanging out at bar waiting for table, watch 3 other 4 tops get seated and they walked in after us. Then a 8 top shows up and table are moved to seat them before us. No f' n regard for me and my friends still waiting 40 minutes for our table. I ll never be back , this is what happens when managers have no fuckin clue how to run a business. If I pulled this shit I would be fired in the spot! Wake up, stop having clueless teenagers act as hostess for your restaurant. I work hard, play hard, an enjoy dining out on Friday nights.I ll never step foot in your restaurant ever again. You and your underage staff blew it tonight. Thanks for nothing!Left your location, clueless hostess had no idea why I was leaving after 40 minutes of being treated like shit by your staff.Went to nearby longhorn Steak house, was seated in less than 6 minutes. Had a great steak diner and service was perfect.Not only did you piss me off with your lack of service, my 3 friends with me will never step foot in your restaurant as well. By the way, I work less than 1/2 mile from you restaurant and work with over 200 employees. Guess what I ll be telling my coworkers on Monday;  how crappy your service is...
1	Pizza? Excellent. Service? Fine, right until the end . . . PROS: we got 2 large pizzas. Crust was tasty and the toppings all had good flavor and a fresh quality. Large House Salad was nice, and easily satisfied 5 people. Wine list was decent and the prices were reasonable. Our server, David, was friendly and took good care of us.CONS: why 1-star? The food, wine and server were good--no denying that. The problem? A group ostensibly had the patio area reserved. The roadblock?? Our party of 5. We were seated at 5:30 pm. By 7:30 pm, the large group AND several of the restaurant staff made it clear (verbally and non-verbally) we were in the way. To wit: one of the group's females (bleached blonde, oh so close to 50 and chubby) in the group pointing to our table and telling a nodding server, "This needs to go." LoL! Was she a Real Housewife of Tempe??? The non-verbal? Restaurant staff placing a dozen extra chairs for the group just a few feet from our table. The final and best part? An employee (not our waiter) asking us if we needed anything else, and saying, "Okay. You know it's a special thing to be able to eat on our patio." Really . . .? 4 of 5 of our party unanimously agreed his tone and body language was communicating, "time for you to move on". I rant, but a fun and good meal was ruined. I complained to a manager. She was apologetic and even gave us a gift card, but the damage was done. We tipped David 20% for the service and food, but left w/ a very bad taste in our mouths. Caveat emptor. Our family will not be coming back.RS
4	As soon as you walk into this place, it feels like you're in a pizza joint in NY. There's tons of pictures of NYC which gives it that authentic feel. The lights that they use are wine bottles handing from the ceiling and they look mighty nice. Now, lets get to the good stuff-the food. Their pizza is really good. The crust is amazing! We got a large pepperoni and mushroom pie. My kids really enjoyed the food and they're pretty picky eaters. Service was really good, I'm not sure what everyone else is talking about, but our waitress was very friendly and fast. I highly recommend this place!
4	Delicious pizza. Didn't expect such a find while in Arizona.  Can't wait to go again next   I'm in the area.
5	first impressions were definitely cool, calm and collective. good vibes and a great atmosphere.  the pinot noir wine was very smooth bodied and full flavored. visiting from Sierra Vista I never heard of this place. Pizza is great! I recommend all to try it.
3	This is a cool pizza place.  In a great location and that's why we came here. We ordered a Large Pepperoni and mushroom pizza.  It was covered with tons of cheese, and each slice was a tasty slab of thin crust goodness.  The Crust is not too much to brag about, the ingredients were decent but the house salad...umm much to say about it. because it was just that, bland.Service was pretty good, our waitress handled the busy evening really well and she spoke about Grimaldi's like she knew her stuff.  I really liked the clear glass by the kitchen so you can watch them preparing an order.There are quiet a few pizza places better than Grimaldi's but the atmosphere, service, and pizza are just fine.  We enjoyed our food and time here.
5	This is great place for a sit down pizza and wine dinner! I have been here numerous times and have never been let down. I will continue to bring friends and family when they come to visit.
5	Best thin crust Brooklyn pizza, bestus Calzone I ever had! I recommend this place to everyone, especially if you like a great salad & pizza
5	I LOVE Grimaldi's.  If it wasn't a pricey dinner every time, I'd be here all the time!  But for the cost, it's worth it. I just don't have that kind of money to spend every time.  You have the choice to build your own pizza or chose from one of their suggestions.  The small is quite large and can easily be shared between 2 people.  If you're super hungry, a large can also feed a party of 2 (with maybe 1 or 2 pieces to take home).  We always build our own pizza.  Our favorite is the "white" pizza - which basically means it has a lot of garlic and no red sauce on it.  I like to order: white pizza with mushrooms, pepperoni and dollops of ricotta cheese.  Perfectly delicious!  Service there is always great.  For kids, if you ask, they'll bring out pizza dough for them to play with.  Keeps them entertained for quite some time.
3	This was my first experience here.  We were seated inside and it was LOUD.  This made for a difficult time with my little girl.   The service was average and the food was over priced.That being said, their salads are pretty good and the pizza is also pretty good... not the best I've had but pretty good.  It does have a cool feel to the place if the sound was better managed but all in all I wasn't really impressed.   It was fun to get out though.
1	I love Grimaldi's in Scottsdale so I was excited when I found one in Chandler.  However, I was more than disappointed. This place has no business calling itself Grimaldi's and should be ashamed! I love love love Grimaldi's in Scottsdale, but this location does not even compare. If you are going to pay this much for pizza it better damn well be good!! Makes me very sad and I will NEVER go to this location again. No flavor.
4	All you need is peroni & sausage cooked well done! Thats its
4	I'm torn on giving them 3 or 4 stars but I will be generous. I have been to the El Segundo, CA location and went here to take my in laws to experience the pizza goodness. FOOD: Pizza was awesome as usual, ordered large pepperoni with red sauce and a small white pizza with meatballs. The crust is thin and has that delicious brick oven taste. the perfect slice to fold in half and eat New York style. SERVICE: Our server was nice but wasn't helpful in order recommendations or menu education. Wished my in laws could have gotten the first experience that we did at another Grimaldi's Location. HIGHLIGHTS: white pizza is my favorite, can't go wrong with the toppings. It's just extra cheese with garlic and olive oil, no sauce. Order a carafe of wine, the house chianti is great!
4	I really enjoyed the salad and pizza. While the pricing isn't inexpensive I feel you get what you pay for. Service was good and outside seating very pleasant.
5	Had heard food was good, but pricey. We spent more than we needed to, but only because we didn't know what we were getting. One small pizza would easily feed my two kids and me. Everything we ordered was great. Service was excellent. Our server, Sam, was very accommodating when we wanted to relocate away from a rowdy group. We will be back!
4	Went here for my birthday. First time here not bad. Showed up at 4, I wouldn't recommend that. They clean the coal brick ovens between 4-5, so we hung out drinking for an hour. Overall pizza was ok. Next time maybe we try a different one other than the typical red sauce.Salad was good too!
1	THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!  I took my wife and son here yesterday and we will never come back here again!!  We sat at our table for 20 minutes and were completely ignored the entire time.  They were not busy, servers were talking and laughing with the hostesses and cook staff.  I even made eye contact with several servers and were not even asked for our drink order.  Puzzled as to why this was happening, my wife and I looked around the restaurant to see if we are missing something.  It took one glance to realize what was really going on, we were the only Hispanics in the restaurant.  Furious about this, we decided to leave.  As we were leaving, there were some servers talking and laughing with the cook staff and a server talking and joking with the three hostesses there.  My wife let them know how horrible the service is there, and right when that happened, one of the servers with a faux-hawk and beard came rushing up to us to ask if we've been helped.  I had made eye contact with him several times as he was hanging out talking and laughing with the cook staff and other servers, so it is beyond me as to why he waited until we were leaving to ask if we had been helped.  It is a shame that we still have establishments where racism and discrimination is acceptable.
4	This is one of my favorite pizza places in the Valley.  It can be a bit expensive but their pizza is consistently good.  I always order the sausage and pepperoni pizza.  Most places around here only have the sliced sausage, but Grimaldi's has crumbled sausage that I really like.  The pepperoni is miniature sized and is very good.  You can taste a little of the coal flavor on the crust and that makes it unique.I highly recommend this place.
5	We have been to this location a couple times and it's always delicious. Brandon was our server this time and was helpful. We went in the afternoon so it was quick. Perfect for my lunch date with my daughter between shifts.
3	Went for lunch with co workers, the food is really good but the service is horrible. Good took forever to come out, orders were wrong one of our part waited 30 min additional for her food. Checks were  incorrect as well.
5	From California......best sauce ever. As good as New York pizza. The fresh mozzarella is amazing and so is the caprese and antipasto salads. We came twice in one week before heading home.
4	Nice open space for large groups. It's much cleaner than the original one in Brooklyn and they don't serve soda in a bottle which is good. I split a large garlic white crust with fancy olives, mushrooms, and mini pepperoni. It was plenty of pizza for two dudes. The small salad was a big proportion too. My advice, eat it fast! Don't wait because the texture gets a bit rubbery.Everyone should try a New York pizza.
4	The best thin crust around. We love it. I ordered  over the phone and then picked up. Friendly staff, great service. Under 20 for large pepperoni .
3	Ordered large pepperoni and mushroom pizza to go. The speed of service was fast, but they were a little disorganized with getting the pizza to us. So not a fan of the takeout process. The pizza did have a great tasting sauce, the ingredients tasted fresh, and I liked the flavor of the crust.  We will probably be back.
4	I love grimaldis pizza and love the casa Paloma environment, around cooler weather and the holidays it's so fun to shop the plaza and stop by for lunch! There is something with the dough and just toppings in general that even though the pizza is quite expensive, it's worth it! We always get the pepperoni with ricotta. We have had the salad and antipasta appetizer as we'll and both equally good and fresh! A tip for people who don't want to spend to much for pizza go for lunch, they have great lunch deals with a small individual size pizza for you to try
2	I guess from looking at the pictures I visited on a bad day. We couldn't taste the cheese or sauce. I guess I'll give it another shot from these pics it looks good.
4	Atmosphere is awesome . Food was good but it took awhile . Tiramisu was great and the beer selection was amazing . We will come back.
5	Mmmmmmm..... Yummy!!!!! Went on a whim with my husband for an early dinner in a Saturday night. We got seated right away.  We now get pizza to go every couple of weeks. I love the crispy crust and cheese that they use.  I am a happy girl with just a simple cheese pizza if it is quality and this is very quality. Favorite pizza in the valley.
4	Good Pizza. Staff is pretty friendly. Would come here again.
5	House red, large white pizza with garlic and impeccable service. Always consistent, Grimaldis is always a safe bet on cheat day!
4	Great place for pizza and calzones. All pizzas are great but the white is the best. Get the riccota on it as well.  Sign up foe the club and get a free pizza on your bday. It is a deal!!
5	This first experience has been fantastic. My brother received a FREE large one-topping pizza for his bday. Be sure to come at 4:45 for your pizza from a freshly stoked oven. Perfectly cooked with fresh mozzarella and delicious sauce. The Caesar and caprese salads were a great starter. We'll be returning for the great pie! Don't forget the tiramisu.
