3	Purchased a Groupon offer for the hour massage they give to their patients. My room-mate & I were at first taken aback because the location is in a tiny strip mall that isn't in a so great area of town (we thought our massage was going to be in an actual spa), but we tried not to judge too harshly on that fact.The staff here is wonderful. I spoke with Dr. Randall himself, who is a very friendly man. As far as the massage went, it was decent. I could take any massage for any hour of the day, although the lady who did it didn't go very deep but just did the basics with lotion (works for me still!) I'm more of a fan of deep swedish, but I didn't judge on that either. Getting an hour massage for $25? Yeah, I won't have complaints there!The only drawback on giving this place three stars (it should be four stars for the staff friendliness), there wasn't an actual room it was done in; more like a cubicle where it's walled off. There was soft music, a little fountain, a comfortable massage table, & candles. The thing is though you can hear people talking in the lobby & you don't get the privacy you think you'd want when you get a massage. I was freaked out by hearing the machine that pops a person's spine into place? It was loud & a little scary to hear at a chiropractic office while getting a massage.If the Groupon is still available, I'd say try it out for a deal on an hour massage! It was only $25!
5	A friend with severe back pain introduced me to Dr. Randall over a year ago. He had worked on her through adjustments and therapy for years. After having a major issue with my back and visiting other chiropractors with no relief, I also went to Dr. Randall. I wasn't so keen on the neighborhood he's in, but the prices are good and he is the BEST! He's a small business owner that doesn't want to be big or have massive overhead to pass along to clients. Dr. Randall is an awesome chiropractor!!!! My entire family and all my neighbors go to him routinely for adjustments to prevent any major issues.
5	I noticed that the earlier reviews were from Dr. Randall's former location. The new location is really nice and the new massage therapist ,Keri, is one of the best I've encountered. Dr. Randall is the most knowledgeable, personable and lol good looking Chiropractor I've visited, so i stuck with him. I think it's so important to have a good relationship with a Doc, and one that really will talk to you about your spinal, neck, hip etc. issues. Obviously, this guy knows his stuff. I can't believe the difference in my shoulder and neck since I've had regular visits.  I don't have insurance, but his visits are only $35, and that was as much as my co-pay used to be! The new massage therapist is actually a neuro muscular medical massage therapist, and you can't believe how the combination of massage and chiro adjustment has changed my overall health. I'm 55 and don't have any pain. Thank you Doctor Randall and Keri! I'm finally a believer.
5	Dr. Randall is a very experienced chiropractor, he is very good reading the spine and pointing where the problem is. He has physical therapy area, massage therapy room and massage therapist by appointment.  Dr. Randall adjustments helped me to get more balance in my body, walking, sitting, even sleeping.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Randall.
