1	Disaster...I opted for the horse back riding as part of our activity for the afternoon during a work event.  To be clear, I have never been on a horse and had no idea how to control the  horse.  The workers did not give any good instruction, it was about 2 minutes of showing to pull - left, right, woah.  Then they set us off on a trail that was hilly...with a group of 25 people and horses and all ranges of experience.  I admit that I did not have a clue...but that being said, it would have been a better situation if they spent time for instruction and let you practice controls before sending you out the range.  I got thrown off...yes.  Scary stuff.  Not pleasant, and never again.  The good thing was that they did send someone to pick me up and drive me back, but I would have walked back if I had to.
5	Roger took us out during a dust storm and it was GREAT! Great Value ($50 each for a one hour ride) Roger told us all about the land, horses and the Gila people. I will go back!!!!!!
5	They were awesome. My girlfriend made a reservation in advance for their margarita sunset ride. Our guide was very helpful, as I had never been on a horse before. The ride ended up being just the three of us, and he did a great job of keeping us entertained. He knew a lot about the land around him and the history, which he shared with us. It was very interesting. He even stopped to take our pictures, which seemed like it was pretty routine for him. I'm not a big margarita fan so I can't tell you if that was good or not, but the ride, facilities and staff were great.
5	I had a private sunset trail ride with Roger. He was fantastic the ride was beautiful and nothing like any other ride I have ever been on. We rode next to eachother and he told me all about the land, the reservation and his life there. He was so happy to be there which made me enjoy it that much more! My horse was very responsive to my cues and was super smooth! I have been riding for 10 years and own my own horses. I can for sure say these horses are happy and well cared for! I would definitely go back again!
