4	Re-locating from the location at 395 Hughes Center Drive where Starbucks hold the memories to remember and recall.  My favorite Starbucks Coffee Shop that just melts me like butter on pancakes, like whipped cream over hot chocolate is now in a newer, bigger location transferring from 395 Hughes Center Dr. to this location by the corner of Hughes Center Parkway, on E. Flamingo Road. So it is a welcoming place as it is a stand-alone building that's newly-built. Wide, panoramic windows lets in the light for a brighter feel with roadside views. Oh, to just people-watch or rather vehicles-passing-by-watch for the watcher in you! As expected, the effervescence of hot brewed coffee permeates the air and lingers to my nostrils' delight! Jazz music adds to the vibe, allowing my senses to relax and imbibe on a beverage of my choice. Take a pick from nice brewed green hot tea, decaffeinated coffee, cool iced tea, delicious coffee, and  various beverages. Choices of baked goods from bagels, to cakes as well as sandwiches and an assortment of desserts, bagels, chips, nuts, meal wraps, dried fruit to whet your appetite. Imbibe, linger, socialize over delicious beverages indoors or outdoors on its small patio under green umbrellas for delighting in the fresh air. Also a breeze of a gain from getting feet off the ground just to obtain the beverage while on-the-run via its Drive-Thru service. Starbucks looks like a little castle surrounded by spaceousness. Ample parking surrounds the new contemporary building. Coffee Hours are from Mondays - Sundays at 4:30 AM - 12:00 AM...that's great hours for the owls and early risers. Coffee servers are ever attentive and happy to serve. Sip your favorite beverages or Coffee, anyone?
4	Only 4 weeks old and a brand new building including a drive through. This is one of the largest Starbucks I've visited. What a difference compared to the original location in Seattle which opened in 1971The driveways from Howard Hughes weren't paved yet it's so new. The service was solid and selection of coffee and brew paraphernalia was impressive. This will be a regular stop when I'm in town!
4	Busy place every time I've gone. So many offerings and combinations , it must drive the staff bonkers. They are about as friendly and efficient as they can be though.I have to order a "clover made" coffee now that SBUX only offers blends, which I don't like at all. Makes me spend more which I don't like either.I do like the clover coffees, but I don't like the thought that in order for ME to get what I like, I cannot simply order the regularly brewed coffee ( since it's always blended with coffees I dislike). I've been to several SBUX in LV, and this IMHO, had the most outside seats, friendliest staff, and best choices. Of all the chain stores in the world ,SBUX is the only one I consistentlyseek out. However, their switch to "blended coffees"  as well as the consistently weak WiFi (I usually switch to my carrier's LTE) is causing me to re-evaluate my loyalty to SBUX.
4	The baristas w/o the Jeremy Piven headsets are the most customer service oriented. (IMHO). I guess the headsets are an attempt to be efficient, hip, and techie. But plain ole customer service is dipping slightly. I guess SBUX, once the Pike Place Market of the world, is trying to be the Tiffany/Prada of the world. Still, when I travel, I seek out the chain because it is fairly consistent.
4	Seems this particular SBUX thrives on a crowd. The bigger the crowd, the more efficient the staff becomes. Gotta love that! I was maybe 15th in line- but it moved surprisingly quickly. The outside table clean-up is, at best, meh. You get yer caffeine buzz AND yer crowd buzz at this joint.However, if you order an espresso, and ur eligible for a free re, you gotta get one of their blended coffees- no free re on anything else. To me, their blended coffees are ehh, no good. If you like ur coffee foo-foo'd up, mbe they're alright. I like mine like I like the night-black. No foo-foo.
5	I always go through the drive thru and they are so efficient and always so warm and friendly early in the morning. Love the new building and little drive thru. They are sooo efficient and have the process down like clockwork.
5	This is my favorite Starbucks.   It is a standalone building and it is quite modern.  Yes, the drive thru can be a bit hectic but that is because of its prime location, right off Flamingo.  That is not only great for the Starbucks believers but for the business itself.   Sharon typically works during the AM hours and it is amazing how one person along with a great cup of 'whatever you order' can enhance your day.  She is always pleasant and so friendly.
5	I go to Starbucks every day.  This was my first time at this new location on East Flamingo in the Howard Hughes Center.The shop is roomy, it has lots of product (juices, pastries, and sandwiches--typical Starbucks stuff.  The wifi is free and it's fast--faster since Starbucks converted from AT&T to Google for their wifi.  There are two areas to sit outside.  There are some tables along the front and there's a patio on the east side.  Since the building is quite tall, it gives you shade in the afternoon.There are plenty of chairs and one long table with stools where you can work with a laptop or just use your smartphone.  It's far enough away from UNLV that students won't walk here to hang, study, and otherwise be their normal pains in the butt as they are across Maryland Parkway from that Bucky.  This will just be a place where the adults come to use Bucky's wifi so they can conduct their businesses from their "office."The staff was on the ball today and it was a good stop.  I'll be back again now that I know the store is open.
5	This has got to be my fave Starbucks to-date. Love the interior design. It's so spacious, modern and trendy inside. Service is friendly and fast. The drive-thru is convenient! If you're in Vegas, def check this Starbucks out :)
3	I think this location is pretty uncomfortable inside. Lots of army style metal chairs, and only 3 armless upholstered chairs clustered around a small table. Also, the new "boulangerie" pastries are tiny and unappetizing in appearance. The good news for old timer Starbucks customers like myself, is that I can still get a good cappuccino.
5	Nice store, and the staff always does a GREAT job.  Excellent move on the relocation from the old store next to FedEx Kinkos.  Only complain is I wish they had bathrooms that could be accessed by multiple people, as it seems like someone is ALWAYS in the bathroom at this place when you need to use one.
5	This update is long overdue. I've been visiting this location when I come into town for business or pleasure which is at least once a month.I usually arrive in the am and the staff here is what make this location so unique and special. Daily customers which I've met two - get their coffee brought to them in regular coffee cups! The staff knows their clients so well they are preparing their orders before they reach the counter. This location also offers the Starbucks Reserve products and has a clover machine for preparation of one cup of reserve at a time!Thank you to entire staff at this location for your outstanding service & quality!
5	By far the best Starbucks in Las Vegas! Its a drive through and a Coffee shop, Loved the inside and the retro design and the industrial stools, the staff are really friendly and they know how to serve well, the line is always busy but its goes down real quick! they have an endless menu of different coffees and cold drinks and cakes and pastries, The prices are much cheaper than the rip off Starbucks on the Strip! We drove from the Aria resort to this Starbucks every morning, we loved it that much! The WIFI also works great! its great to just sit enjoy the coffee and people watch, you can even see the planes coming into land at Mccarran Airport! Just wish the Starbucks in the UK were like this one!
5	One of my favorite Starbucks in town. The staff are amazing. Quick and delicious coffees every time. The drive through is quick but i usually go inside.  If you are a coffee snob you should try the Clover machine. If you dont know what it is, you're missing out
5	Great coffee! Wakes me up each and every day. Cannot wait to get my mojo there in the morning. Some days it seems stronger than others but I love it.
4	great! customer service!! coffee addict
2	They screwed up my drink twice and finally made it right the 3rd time. I'm talking major screwup, like a grande latte instead of the ice Venti Vanilla latte I ordered. Oh and it took 20 minutes from when I pulled into the drive through til actually leaving the window. I could see people getting upset in their cars. I hope it's not always like this.
5	They have the Clover brewed coffees! We were flying out of Vegas and we needed a couple of refreshing brews on this hot, hot day. We picked this Starbucks specifically because it was not in a casino, was close to the strip and brewed clover coffee. Even though we didn't try a clover coffee, we wanted to check out the machine and the upscale coffees that are offered at stores with a clover machine. We were not disappointed as this Starbucks was replete with a plethora of exotic coffees. The actual coffee shop was larger than many and had a number of sitting spaces. The clientele at the time we were there was eclectic and if you enjoy people watching, this is definitely the place to go.Another plus for this location is that it has a drive through. The barista was quick and delivered a couple of perfect coffees (one vanilla latte and one caramel macchiato).Another wonderful experience at Starbucks.
