3	Little Chicago Pizza does a good job at what they do.  They have a deal that includes two slices of cheese pizza and a soda for something like 4 bucks, and its tasty.  Its a little rough around the edges - for example there's no napkin dispenser, just a stack of paper towels - but that's what makes it 'Little Chicago'.  Slices are primarily for lunch and run out early in the evening, so don't expect to get any slices for dinner... however the pie prices aren't bad.The last time I was there, I saw the philly steak and it was a monster!  There's limited seating, and its a little grungy, so its probably not the place you want to schedule your kids birthday party, but for any native Chicagoans here in the valley - go check it out.  The walls are painted with murals of the Chi-city, and the staff was extremely friendly.
4	I tried this place about a week ago and had a slice of pizza and an Italian beef sandwich and both were very, very good. I have been to Chicago numerous times and thought that the sandwich and pizza were spot on. Portillo's is what I measure Italian beef by and this was sooooo close. I ordered a whole pie a couple of days later and it was equally fantastic. I am worried that this place might go out of biz because of its location. I sure hope not because SoDale needs a spot like this. Definitely worth trying.
3	I'm not always good with trying new places (unless it's Mexican food).  What if it's not good?  What if I wasted a meal?  What if this should be my last meal?  You never know, and I don't want to be looking in the face of a truck about to slam into me screaming "oh shit, that pizza was terrible."  But on our way to Streets of New York, I actually suggested we eat at Little Chicago, rather than discussing the possibility of some day.It's really more for take out or lunch as far as the space goes, but there are a handful of tables.  I grabbed a couple menus and sat down to decide, and the gal at the counter came over to take our order.  Nice since I suspect you really should order there.  The menu has a handful of starters, wings, salads, subs, pasta, and pizza.  There's a Chicago dog thrown in for good measure and gyros...gyros, really?  For the picky eater?  "You don't like pizza, eat a gyro!"  I could almost hear my dad yelling at me.I ordered the fried ravioli-four large ravioli that were pretty damn tasty.  I wanted wings, but the husband was on his "we don't need that" kick.  He didn't need the ravioli either, but his grubby hand was there taking half of them.  We also ordered a small pizza (12").  I was told the thin crust is really thin, so we ordered double dough, and it was just right for my liking.  Pizza sauce was flavorful, but the sauce was sweet, so if you like a spicier sauce like I do, this may not be for you.  Plenty of sauce, plenty of cheese, and plenty of grease.  Sodas are in cans for 75 cents (why does my keyboard not have a cents key?).  Yay, you can still buy something for under a buck!  Total dinner was $22...in Scottsdale no less!I would definitely come back for lunch for a slice of pizza or a sandwich, and with free delivery, this makes a nice alternative to the big pizza chains.  The place is pretty warm inside, so probably would not eat in during the summer again.
3	What do you do when you have $9.00 chicken breasts that need to be cooked, but it's too hot to cook inside and too hot to cook outside?  Look for cheap take-out since you've already thrown $9 away.Pizza turned into pasta, and Little Chicago fit the bill.  I had chicken parmigiana which came with a side of spaghetti and garlic bread.  The dish was nothing out of the ordinary, but it was well prepared and enjoyable.  Certainly something you could make at home if it wasn't so dang hot, but that's what I liked about it.  Pasta dishes come in two sizes.  Order the small unless your closet is well-stocked with stretchable fabrics.  It's more than enough for even a big appetite.  And at just over $23 for 2 dinners, appetizer, and 2-liter bottle of soda, I didn't feel so bad about the chicken...only that he died without realizing his potential.
5	Well, being from Chicago, I will have to admit that this place is pretty darn tasty.Thin crust Chicago is the way to go here.  The sausage is perfect, reminds me from home, and the sauce is sweet, which I am a fan of.  Almost reminds me of Aurelio's.The hod dog is decent, and the Italian beef was just OK.  Luke's is still the place to go for beef.  Anyhoo, they are really nice people, and delivery was pretty quick.  5 stars for the pizza and friendliness.
5	Some of the most tangy, sweet, fresh tomato sauce I've had on a pizza in a long time!  They painted the phrase "Thin Crust Specialists" on the front window, and that is the truth.  This thin crust is so crispy that it has a crunch similar to a cracker, especially the crust at the end of the slice.  Perfectly golden brown with a healthy amount of residual flour on the bottom makes this a memorable pizza that is very close to the thin crust examples I had in north Chicago many years ago.  But again, what makes it a homerun is the tangy sauce.Little Chicago is pretty much a take-out and delivery place, with just a handful of tables inside and on the pato sidewalk (maybe 4 tables total).  I made an inquiry about the sauce and they were proud to let me know that it is homemade, something foreign to other pizza places that claim to make Chicago style crusts (ahem... Oreganos?).Parking is plentiful and service was friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  It's in an older strip mall on the east side of Hayden, just north of Thomas.
4	This is the best pizza i have had since i moved here 2 yrs ago thin crust and NOT a  soggy over cheesed like so many pizza joints do. also well priced. I have had there club sandwich which is also delicious as well as a few of there pasta dishes which are good and they deliver
3	I am a native Phoenician; however, my family is from Chicago, and I have managed to venture there many, many times and enjoy many, many pizzas over there.I don't have a negative opinion of this place, but I do see some need for improvement.  After a rehearsal, my famished bandmates and I were deliberating over what kind of food we should order to the rehearsal house.  I had lived in the vicinity of Little Chicago Pizza for 4 months but never tried it, so when one of my bandmates suggested it, I was quite interested.We checked the website... broken link to specials, but alas the menu link worked.  When I saw that they specialized in Chi-town style thin crust pizza, I was sold.We ordered a large cheese pizza, the measure by which all pizza can be measured.   Open first bite, I noticed the familiar flavor of Chi-town, but then that ride was over.  The sauce was rubbish of the first order, and there was too much, so I don't know what Albert H. was smoking because sweet and tangy it may be, the sauce tasted nearly identical to the sauce you get in an Oscar Mayer's Lunchable cracker pizza... no lies.  The rest of the pizza was well done, especially the cheese, so implore the owners of this place to fix that and I will give them 4 stars.  If they can make the crust a little bit thinner too, 5 stars... It was thin, but not as thin as it is in Chicago.As of now, Spinato's and Oregano's thin crust is more legit, but these simple changes I have suggested would topple them over and give Little Chicago Pizza the crown.
4	"The boss is back!So I took a one-year hiatusAin't nobody heard my latest" - sir mix alotThat's right I am back to review pizza.  So this little Ma & Pa serves up some of the best Chicago thin crust pizza in south Scottsdale.  Oregano's should try and copy this its so good.   This place is not much to look at but you get great food served up by locals and not a chain.If you live in south Scottsdale order a delivery and let me know what you think.  You can even get giardiniera as a topping.  mmm, mmm, good!!!I really enjoy their eggplant parm dinners.  They have a Famous Eggplant Parmigiana Casserole that is awesome. The owners work there and the pizza quality is reflected by their hard work.  This isn't some schmuck making your pizza.  The owner made it and he wants you to come back.enjoy!!!
4	This is a great little Pizza place. I cannot comment on the restaurant itself because Little Chicago offers free delivery, so I have only ordered food from there. But the food itself is great. Their specialty is Chicago thin crust. While it's not quite as thin and crispy as a thin Chicago pizza, it's still a lot better than what most places try to pass off. They also have wings and subs on their menu, but I haven't tried those. It's going to cost you a little more than a chain pizza place, but it's worth the price. Way better. Plus it always feels good to support a local business. While I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try Little Chicago, you should give it a try if you live in the south Scottsdale area.
4	i've never actually been inside little chicago, but i order from there often when i'm at work.their delivery is prompt and usually friendly. there are a couple drivers that are kind of blah, but i guess it comes with the territory. they are FAST though, except the pizza obviously...it has to be baked.i usually get the italian cold cuts sandiwch and it's by far one of my favorite sandwiches on the planet. nice and meaty, not too much lettuce and their sub dressing is just super duper. i finally got the pizza and it was cut square! i loved it even before i took a bite just for that. i'm really glad i didn't marvel too long at the lovely 90 degree angles of my lunch because that pizza is ridiculously tasty. i want to eat it all the time. but i don't think i could shove that AND that yummy sandwich in my mouth at the same time. well, i probably could, but it wouldn't be pretty.if you haven't been or ordered from this place, do so. it's worth it.
4	I can't believe I have lived near Little Chicago for over 5 years and just tried it....I was really missing out!  I have driven past it numerous times, but it is located in a run down strip mall, so I never thought to stop.  But my friends Karen & Kyle had been telling me how good it was, we even tried to order it one day with them, but it was on Memorial Day or something so they were closed.Well last night I got it in my head that I just had to have some pizza, I hadn't ordered pizza delivery in over 2 years, but then I remembered about Little Chicago!They not only have pizza, but also hot and cold subs and some pasta dishes.  I went with a Hawaiian style pizza and a side of friend zucchini.Wow, I was blown away, the pizza was thin, crisp and had just the right ratio of sauce to cheese (I am a light on the sauce kind of girl).  The crust had a really nice flavor, everything melded together so well, I was hooked!Then I tried the zucchini, and oh my goodness, some of the best fried zucchini ever!  They were cut thick and had a well seasoned coating, they were so good dunked in some of the cool ranch that came on the side.I think my Little Chicago experience is going to be the first of many!
5	I just found my go-to delivery pizza! As if I didn't already love Little Chicago Pizza enough, I decided to give its Chicago Beef Pizza a try. If you grew up near Chicago, and love Italian Beef, then this is your pizza! The thin crust pie is topped with Italian Beef, Sweet Peppers, Onions, and Giardiniera. It's literally the sandwich with cheese and tomato sauce instead of au jus. The small 12" is just $13.25. I was only planning on having half and saving the rest for later. Instead, I ate the whole thing while watching football. Da Bears are playing this Thursday night. If I don't go out to watch the game, I may be ordering this again.
5	Very good.  Not the best I have ever had but near the top for sure.  I travel alot and being a pizza hound my goal is to try them all.  Its got a original taste to it.  Think its the cheese.  Original in a good way.  Crust is unique also.  Price was good and staff was very nice.  Will be on my regular rotation when I'm in the area.  You gotta go try it.
3	This I will say: if delivery is your thing, this is your place. The pizza is pretty damned good for delivery pizza. Especially, if you're drinking (not that you need to be drinking to enjoy it, but it tastes awesome with "a few" behind you....far better than Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc.I went in one afternoon for a slice...not so awesome (I wasn't drinking, either).It's hard to get a fresh, hot slice here in Phoenix in the middle of the afternoon (unlike NYC, where it's incredible), but the cheese slice I had was slightly "cardboardish" in nature. Still, a great delivery choice...
4	I live quite literally a 3 minute walk from Little Chicago Pizza.  I really thought this was going to be Chicago Deep Dish Pizza.  I opened up the pizza and saw that it was thin crust.  I asked what was going on, and they told me all their pizzas were thin crust.  I was quite disappointed, but I told myself that I will give it a chance.It tastes very much like the first pizza slice I ever had from a Straw Hut Pizza in California.  It has the right balance of sauce, cheese, and plenty of toppings.  The sauce had a sweeter taste and the cheese was real mozzarella. The large pizza was devoured by visiting parents and myself.  I support small businesses that are mom and pop shop like, and the food is excellent too!
5	Little Chicago is our go-to delivery pizza in our neighborhood.  We used to live upstairs from an awesome pizza joint in Boston and I was disappointed when we moved into our south Scottsdale neighborhood that there weren't any good pizza places close by or that delivered, but then we found Little Chicago.  Their pizza is thin crust (my fave) and has just the right amount of sauce, toppings, etc.  Their wings are good too and always have just the right amount of sauce and heat.  If it's Friday night and we don't want to cook or we're having people over and want to have pizza, Little Chicago gets our business every time :)  They are very prompt with delivery and their drivers are always friendly.
4	I love this restaurant!! I never liked thin crust pizza until I started eating here. The texture is perfect and it's not so hard or crunchy that it overshadows the rest of the pizza. Love the sauce, love the cheese (real mozzarella), and I love all the toppings they have available (their sausage is the best). Their Chicago Dogs are amazing; when I order them, they're consistently delivered without being soggy or wet, which can be difficult with all the toppings on it. The service is always friendly and prompt when you go in, although I will say there are one or two people there that could learn how to take orders a little better over the phone (which is how I always get LC). Delivery is quick and very inexpensive as well. Little Chicago is one of the best pizza joints I've eaten at and the service and friendly staff are awesome.
3	lately i've been living a double life. I've been hanging out my friend's pad in south scottsdale with the true intention of actually chilling before an hour's worth at the gym. It's like downtime after work and before gym, and double life? well I don't go home home until after the gym so technically i've been calling my friend's pad my defacto home w/o paying rent but I must digress before I ramble on how I feel about this situation. lol. Anywho I have learned there are advantages of living in south Scottsdale, for one if you live in south scottsdale you have the luxury of being between two commercial powerhouses which are Tempe Marketplace and Scottsdale Fashion Square. You're in close proximity to two nightlife scenes (if you're into that), and that's Mill Ave and Old Town and lastly there's delivery by the name of Little Chicago Pizza. This pizza joint holds its own compared to the other pizza places I have frequented like Joe's and Gus' Pizza in Old Town. So, I recently ordered delivery of which I found they do not deliver south of Curry so Score 1 since my friend lives at Miller and McKellips (the invisible border of Scottsdale/Tempe), menu items are moderately priced and the third best thing about LCP (Little Chicago Pizza) is the food, it's pretty good. So, ordered some cheese fries which were yummy, a six order of honey bbq wings and a 14 inch Hawks (chicken, bacon and bbq sauce) pizza. The bill came out to around $25, had plenty of leftovers and delivery was prompt. So, what am I saying about LCP, if you're looking for delivery and you're in the area, they're worth it and a good alternative if you're expanding your delivery options. =)
4	I was very impressed with this pizza delivery place.  After reading the so-so comments on their yelp page, I decided I wanted something different from Streets of New York and Hungry Howie's and decided to give Little Chicago Pizza a try.  I am so very glad that I did.  Their pizza was delicious and their chicken wings were bigger than at most other places we have eaten.  I also had the fried zucchini and YUM! I would totally recommend this place for delivery pizza.
5	This is the best thin crust pizza I've had.  The balance of crust, sauce, and is cheese perfect.  The crust is nice and crispy, almost buttery.
4	I found it, I really found it!  For the past two years, I've been looking for a solid thin crust pizza with green olives, doesn't sound like a huge feat, but it's been treacherous! I've found good pizza with no green olives, and green olives with terrible pizza, neither the combination I was looking for.  Little Chicago's finally did it, Crunchy crust, tangy sauce, real salty cheese, and green olives!  The prices are also pretty reasonable, you might pay 20 % more that Papa John's, but homemade sauce and crust is well worth it!
3	On our last night in Scottsdale, we wanted nothing more than to have pizza delivered to our hotel room, drink some wine, and pack our suitcases in the most leisurely manner possible. Naturally we wanted to try something local to Scottsdale, so we did a little research and ended up giving Little Chicago a shot.You know what? It was everything we needed in a pizza. Good balance of toppings (we went with canadian bacon, pineapple, and green olive - my favorite), just greasy enough without going overboard,  a thin but still substantial crust, and generously sized for the price. We ordered a large pizza for three girls and polished it off handily, though we probably would have been fine with a medium.Was it earth-shatteringly delicious, ground-breaking pizza? No. But it sure was tasty, and I would probably order it again.
5	Little Chicago is the best. They are about a 5 min drive from my house, and they have free delivery since I'm usually too lazy to make that drive. Their pizza is super tasty, and it's cut into squares so you get those 4 fun trianglie corner pieces along with the big square pieces! I like that it has a thin crust that is light and crispy with out tasting like a saltine or melba toast. Its the perfect combo of crisp and soft. The cheese they use is divine as well. they always use the perfect amount and it's just the right amount of saltiness and greasyness. I like their sausage, however I believe they make it home made? Sometimes it's too fennel-ie for me, so I don't really order it anymore. Their specialty pizzas are also very good. And their cheese sticks. Yum! I like that they are called cheese sticks, and not mozzarella sticks or fried mozzarella or other "fancy" names like that. They are just delicious sticks of cheese that happen to be fried and taste like heaven. I always want to try their wings, but have yet to since I am not yet sick of the cheese sticks. I haven't tried any of the pasta dishes yet, either, but would like to. My boyfriend always gets their sandwiches for lunch and I have been lucky enough to eat his left overs from time to time (I work too far away for lunch time treats from Little Chicago unfortunately). Let me tell you, they are TASTY! Tasty tasty little submarine sandwich gems. My mouth salivates just thinking of them. Anyways, eat here. It's the best.
5	Great neighborhood pizza place. The italian beef pizza and sandwich are delicious. Everything I have ever ordered has been fantastic wings, cheese sticks, subs, pasta dishes. They never disappoint and their delivery is fast and friendly.
4	My review isn't necessarily health conscious, why should it be for a pizza joint, but I have yet to taste the pizza but thought this little place that I have passed by for years until last week deserves some praise and more business. Located across from Office Max,Starbucks and Subway, I decided to give it a shot. Automatically fell in love with the quality of their cold subs (I get the turkey/provolone) and whatever secret little sauce (not overwhelming but present) that they put with it. Good bread (which is why I no longer go to Subway because it's like eating ingredients stuck between two pieces of cardboard), good quality and friendly service. I'll have to try their pizza as well but will definitely be making my lunch runs here for the coming year instead of always going to Silver Mine or other nearby sandwich shops.
5	These reviews are awful. "Holds its own against Gus', etc." Well no shit. and another review mentioned how the pizza reminded him of Straw Hut Pizza in California? What? The dude didn't even know he hadn't ordered a deep dish pizza as opposed to a thin crust.Please people, don't take these reviews seriously.Little Chicago Pizza is phenomenal and they offer a wide array of delicious Chicago-style offerings like red hot Vienna dogs, Italian beefs, and of course well done authentic Chicago-style THIN CRUST pizza. There is a common misconception where people think that Chicago is only known for one kind of pizza (the DEEP DISH). This is far from the truth. Chicago pizza places (the good ones anyway) can churn out of some the best thin crust pizzas ever. They are notable for their graham cracker crust and their party-style cut (the square cut).The pizza can hold up to places back home in Chicago, much less shitty $5 places on the ASU campus. People are ridiculous. Get your taste buds in check and really TRY to understand flavors. Chicago-style pizza embodies its own attributes and a reviewer should review the pizza not in the general sense of pizza but in the sense of "if this a good Chicago-style pizza? Did they make this authentically?"People grew up with different tastes for things and therefore develop bias, so the best and most fair assessment for a pizza place is to judge it on it's tier, quality, and style. LCP is top tier, great quality, and very well done Chicago-style pizza.
5	I'll make this short but sweet.  LCP has awesome pizza, maybe the best thin crust around.  As good as Grimaldi's, maybe even better.  I just tried the Italian Beef with spicy peppers, and it was really really good.
5	This place is my new favorite spot..Its a little tiny restaurant with the best pizza!!!! The pizza is thin and crispy but not burnt or gross. It has tons of flavor! Will be back!
1	Help them please!!I should not have my hopes up for Arizona in the first place since this state has arguably the worst selection of dinning in the United States. I have been a Pizza fanatic most of my life and let me tell you that when something is wrong you can taste it! First of all I have been to chicago several times and had the pleasure of eating a real chicago style pizza. Let me break it down to all of you. I ordered a thin crust since that was all they had, but I was expecting a Deep Dish selection since that is the Chicago signature dish. Little Chicago had only one selection of pizza. I felt bad for them. The Sauce was salty (New York Style) and the difference between chicago style sauces is that the sauces are always sweet. Not Little Chicago. The thin crust dough was bland. Most Chicagoans use cornmeal in the crust. Probably on of the worst tasting paper crust that I have ever tried to eat. The cheese was burnt on top and mush underneath. I don't know who is running this place, but its a good place to go if your drunk and have no passion for flavor. Worst Pizza In Arizona next to Rosati's. I hope they change their menu or close down soon better, yet change the damn name because this is not Chicago style pizza!!!
5	My fiancee is going to be EXTREMELY upset. I came here sort of by accident, but if it worked out, how can I complain?My first Chicago-style food experience was in a small hidden place in Tucson during my undergrad years. My fiancee and I went every Wednesday for wings. Having moved away from Tucson, we have been constantly searching for similar style food.I just found it, and my fiancee is all the way in Taiwan right now.For me, one of the particularly unique and amazing Chicago-style dishes are their hot wings. They don't use the boring old "Frank's Hot Sauce", they have their own proprietary blend that seems to have the perfect blend of spicy and savoriness. While most places use 100% Frank's, which is a little too vinegary for me, this place has their own unique style. Seriously, their wings are really good.Wings are no good without pizza, so I ordered a slice of cheese pizza too. Again, very unique pizza. The crust was extremely unorthodox, giving the pizza a "new-car feel" to it. The sauce was also a bit on the sweet side, but overall, everything played out in perfect harmony.To top off some really good food, the service is really nice as well. Very helpful people over here that genuinely care if you enjoyed your meal.I'm really excited to go back and try some of their other food. I seriously can't tell you how excited I am that I found this place. Life is going to be much better now.
5	The BEST Meatballs. Awesome Cannolli  Thin crust pizza.  It is worth it.  Great prices.  A great "hole in the wall" Italian restaurant.
5	As I always say, us New Yorkers are pizza snobs. This place rocks. Pizza is great. Wings were passable as well. Their dough, sauce (ask for extra) and cheese were just like home. I recommend the thin crust. And they deliver, quickly. Great place, let's keep them around. Oh, and their antipasto also reminds me of home. Not a pile of iceberg with a slice of pepperoni like places here seem to serve.
5	This is my favorite place for pizza delivery. They offer a nice thin crust that's not greasy and a sauce that tastes great. The jalapeno honey wings are excellent. Don't be scared of the "jalapeno" part. They are not hot at all. Just sweet and sticky!
5	Best delivery wings around! Seriously, I've never been able to order wings for delivery and have them not be soft or soggy. That is NOT the case here! I've ordered wings twice, and both times they have been excellent! I recommend hot wings, and order them well done for that extra finishing touch!I can't wait to actually go there and try them fresh!
5	This place is simply amazing!  I am sick so I have no interest in telling you how amazing, but know that the last time we ordered EVERYONE in my house ate well and LOVED it!!!
1	The hours say they are open until 10pm Tuesday through Thursday, but they activated their after hours answering message at 9:30pm.Little Chicago apparently hires staff that likes to close up early; Makes me suspicious of how much care they put into their pizza.
4	Tried out the Italian Beef pizza and it was delish!  Also ordered some hot wings and they are good but make sure and ask for extra crispy.  Not soggy by any means but I would prefer a bit more crunch.  All in all it was great and delivery was here in about 30 mins!
5	I was feeling lazy last night, so I wanted to order delivery. I looked on yelp and found this place, with a real mixed bag of reviews. I called the restaurant, asked what the minimum order on delivery is, and was told there was NO minimum, and delivery is FREE! So I decided to give it a go, and am very happy I did!I ordered a calzone - which comes with real mozzarella, real ricotta, and your choice of 2 ingredients (I opted for artichokes and sausage, very generous and delicious) and a big cup of tasty marinara sauce for $7! I was told it'd arrive in about 40 minutes, but it was at my door in 30. One seemingly small, yet very important thing they do - they punched a few holes in the styro container to allow the steam to vent out, so it was not soggy in the least; I love that kind of thinking ahead!I will definitely try this place again, and cannot wait to try other options!
5	Great pizza and sauce.  My boyfriend says they have the best cannolis on the west coast.  Wings were huge and hot when we got them, but the sauce didn't stick too well so you have to dip them in the pool at the bottom of the container.  No problem, though, since I like my wings messy.  Only a 30-40 minute wait on a busy Friday night.  Great prices, too.  Definitely the best delivery place in southern Scottsdale.
5	Tastes like one of my favorite joints growing up on the south side of Chicago.  The service was great, very friendly staff.  They also have Eli's cheesecake.  One of the better Chicago pies in AZ and I've been searching for a long, long time.
5	The best delivery pizza we have ever had.  We ordered the Italian Beef pizza and the Cubs (traditional combo) pizza.  We were going to go to a local favorite that we also love.  We have to go to the other place to pick up the pizza and it is always crowded.  I liked this pizza flavor better than the "O"ther place but the crust may be just a little more doughy at this place and not as crispy but still good and thin.  Then since this was a first time try, we decided to add 6 wings.  We ordered hot and well done as someone else said to get them done crispier.  We travel a lot and many nights we would prefer to stay in and now we finally found a GREAT pizza delivery place.  Can't wait to try more stuff from here, really curious about the spinach artichoke garlic pizza as once in a while I like a weird pizza.
4	Good pizza, good delivery time. My housemate (incidentally she's from Chicago) LOVES this place. I'd have maybe given it 5 stars, but I'm from California, I think I just want fresher ingredients on my pizza...
5	This IS the best pizza place in town. I can't imagine a negative review. My favorite pizza is the Bulls pizza, i'm completely addicted. I highly recommend Little Chicago's Pizza. You can't beat their pizza, the quality, the price, it's most definitely the best pizza place in ALL of Scottsdale, Phoenix and Arizona as far as i'm concerned! Good job, Little Chicago's! We LOVE you!!!
1	I don't think anyone who gave over a 2 has ever eaten Italian food in Chicago. I struggled to give 2 stars, but figured the wings were decent .#1) No celery salt on the Dog#2) No cucumber on the Dog#3) WORST OF ALL the GYRO, was not off a spit it was processed#4) Also, living 30 years in Chicago I have never had a gyro covered in more lettuce than there were onioins. #5) Since when does a Gyro (not in Chicago) have Feta Cheese & almost not Tatziki#6) The PIZZA IS NOT CHICAGO STYLE ITS 100% New York#7) Wings are a 6 out of 10#8) THERE IS NO DEEP DISH PIZZA OFFERED OR THICK CRUST???#9) I apologize they have now gone from 2 to 1 star... PLEASE CHANGE YOUR NAME YOU"RE A DISGRACE TO CHICAGO!!!Don't think I will give this place another shot no reason
5	Little hole-in-the-wall pizza and sandwich place that reminds me of the way Scottsdale used to be before it went completely upscale. The pizza and meatball subs are delicious and reasonably priced and the staff is friendly. Definitely a great place to go and they even deliver if you live in the area.Highly recommended!
4	This pizza is amazing. I just found put they deliver and I have a feeling they are going to be on my speed dial. Seriously, you should try this place.
5	The food is fantastic. It really isn't Chicago style in the slightest, but it is quite delicious. Calzone might be my favorite thing. I will say delivery times are a deal inconsistent.
5	I love this place!!  It is a little too pricey for me to go too often, though.  Sometimes I will go here when I feel like I deserve a nice night out.  I have never been to Chicago, but I have had plenty of Chicago style pizza.  This is my favorite Chicago style pizza out of all I've ever had.  I also saw an employee from here wearing their work shirt out at a place I worked at.   I told them that I love their pizza, and the man looked so happy that I said that.  You can tell the workers take pride in their pizza and appreciate their customers.  :)  There's nothing like the feeling of eating somewhere that you feel appreciated at.  I highly recommend trying this sometime. :)
4	Little Chicago Pizza is the best thin-crust pizza I think I've ever had. The restaurant is small, as they probably do most of their business carry-out or delivery.  We did eat in one time, and someone came right out from the kitchen to serve us, even filling our water cups from the soda fountain that was perfectly accessible for us to do ourselves.  Anywhere else I'd have expected a snotty "the water is right there" rather than real service.  Everybody is very friendly, even when on the phone taking orders.  Price is comparable to any other pizza spot around, but the pizza itself, if you like thin-crust, is just awesome.  Add in the great service and you have a solid pizza place for the south Scottsdale area.
5	It could be the sauce. No, maybe the crust. The cheese? The way they tuck pepperoni underneath? Whatever it is, these guys make one fantastic pie. The pizza at Little Chicago is always fresh in a way that you can almost taste each of the distinct ingredients. I've had the pepperoni and the pineapple on many various occasions and have always left happy. The pizzas are thin crust, divided into squares. (If you're looking for deep dish, this is not the place.) I'm usually ok splitting a medium size but always want more. You know how sometimes pizza can make you TOO full? This place does it just right.The shop is small, with a couple of tables, self service drinks and a TV. Even though we often take our orders to-go, they have great customer service and are always willing to accommodate us when we dine in. They'll refill drinks, bring out plates and everything.All around excellent pizza in a tucked away dive in south Scottsdale.
4	Nice little family run spot. I really like their cold Italian combo sub. Staff are helpful and friendly. Not much atmosphere though, an inexpensive update could really improve sit down business.
5	I love this place. I really enjoy their pizza and their Italian Beef sandwich is incredible. Great service and good people work there. I definitely recommend.
1	They messes up my to go order then refused to fix it. The kid at the counter was rude. I asked if i could speak with a manager she said he was to busy. Done with place.
5	We LOVE this pizza!! I cannot believe it took us this long to find it when we have lived here so long! Love love love. They bake the ingredients into the cheese. The crust is thin and crunchy and if you are a wing sauce person, do yourself a favor and order a side of it to go along with the pizza! Delicious!
5	Four words: Tomato, Garlic, mushroom pizza. Two more: Meat Lasagna.  Been dining and ordering delivery from here since they opened. Great delivery time and the food is always consistent. I'm not a big fan of square cut pies so I always request it be sliced. The toasted club, tuna salad sandwich, garlic cheese bread (OMG!) and crinkle cut fries are also favorites. Don't forget the made in-house ranch dressing that is the best ranch you can order out. Pick up a bottle of red wine, order the large meat lasagna to share with your sweetie and an order of garlic cheese bread - you will NOT be sorry. Delish.
4	Pizza was great, prices were completely reasonable, and delivery was free. I was told it would arrive in 45 minutes, but it got here in under 30 minutes. I would totally recommend this place!
5	Pizza and wings are excellent
5	$10 minimum for delivery.  Quoted 45 minutes but it was at my door under 30.  Ordered a side salad (fresh veggies, delicious bleu cheese dressing), calzone with sausage and artichoke (dough cooked to perfection, cheesy, normally not a huge sausage fan but this was just right), and a coke.  Fast, reasonably priced, and delicious.  Couldn't ask for more!
4	I love their pizza... so delicious... the down side if you order delivery its almost always an hour to an hour and a half... pick up is certainly easier! but YUM YUM YUM!
5	They recently moved and I was afraid it would change the experience... it did, it is even better now.  We had calzones, pasta and mozzarella sticks.  They were all fantastic.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The space is bigger now so they can serve even more people.
3	Last night, I was heading from Chandler to Scottsdale, so I decided to pick up some dinner on the way, and after looking around on Yelp, decided to give Little Chicago Pizza a try.I ordered a large Chicago Sky (no sauce, ricotta, artichoke hearts, etc) and a large pie with gyro meat and feta.  I also ordered an antipasto salad (damn gluten intolerant sister), all to go.  And I asked for it to be ready at 6:15.I walked in about 6:10, paid the bill and sure enough, 5 minutes later was handed a to go salad and a large pie.  Huh? I ordered 2 pizzas.  I opened the box and found that what I had gotten was a large Chicago Sky with gyro meat and feta added.I explained the error and the staff there quickly told me they'd remake what I had ordered.  When I prepared to pay the difference, they refused, offered me a soda while I waited, and they even insisted I take the erroneous pie as well.  As much as we may wish otherwise, in the real world, mistakes happen.  But I can only wish that everyone handled mistakes as well and graciously as Little Chicago did.About 15 minutes later, the right pies came out and I was off.  The pizza was excellent.  Thin and crispy and really garlicky which was perfect with the toppings I ordered.Definitely not what most people will think of when they think of "Chicago-style" pizza, but a great example of the thin crust style.  Cut in squares as it should be.  Fortunately this place is only a couple of minutes from my work.  I'll be back.
1	Bad first impression = so much for welcoming them into our neighborhoodMy review is not based on the food, nor will it ever be as our first attempt to order from here tonight was enough to lose us as a potential customer.We love when small businesses open in our area as we are big supporters of 'keeping our money local' vs the big chain guys.We called tonight to order take-out after reviewing the great looking menu!We started by asking for the chicken fingers and fries dish only to be told: "we won't have French fries until tomorrow".We weren't really offered an alternative to the fries, so we asked if we could get a side of a dinner salad with it instead?To our surprise, we were told "No, we can't do that".Ummmm okay!? We asked why since they had no French fries to offer we just couldn't substitute with a side of greens??They told us, "no, we can't substitute that".I'm not sure who handles their phone calls, but she should probably be educated in customer service.  I'm pretty sure if the 'chicken finger and French fries' menu item is missing 50% of what it calls for, a substitute of something should be made??!! Or they should just list it as 'chicken fingers'.Without any help, side offered, substitute,etc... We instantly changed our minds.We will not be visiting this restaurant.Too bad the customer service was not helpful and uninviting!!
5	My husband and I love to go to family owned places. So we stopped in and we were greeted right away. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The food is great so needless to say we dine her at least once a week. Food is very good nice vereity to pick from the menu and wines.
1	We were really excited to order from the new pizza place in our neighborhood, however, when we called tonight, the girl who answered the phone acted downright irritated that we called.  I mean, really really irritated.  Not even halfway through the call I was already tired of the attitude, so I decided to hang up.  This household doesnt support business that act like they dont want our business. MANAGER  That girl needs a serious talking to in regards to customer service.
2	I do not want to under rate by putting too few stars, but if I were going to, I would give a single star.  When I first started ordering here we always had our pizza on time or in less time than stated.  The one previous time they lost my order they gave it to us for free due to the inconvenience.Lately the phone service has suffered and pizzas getting later and later.  Last time I ordered they called me an hour later and said they had lost my order again.  They were going to give a 10% discount.  I called back a few minutes later and said to skip it in disgust.This is the best pizza since New York Pizza on Flamingo Rd in Las Vegas back in the 80s, but the service just ruins it!  Charging extra to swap ingredients is sad and forgetting someone's order for an hour is even worse!!!
4	This place is one of the best Italian restaurants I've dined at. It's all about the food!  The first time I went there I ordered fried zucchini for an appetizer. The breading they use is so delicious! Not breaded too much and the zucchini is cut thick and has amazing fresh flavor. I also ordered the "Chicago" pizza. Thin crust loaded with the works. Delicious! My friend ordered fried cheese ravioli and the kids had spaghetti! I sampled both! The marinara sauce that came with the fried ravioli was very flavorful and the spaghetti sauce was divine! After that night I craved it two days later! I had my boyfriend meet me there for dinner! We ordered fried zucchini, of course, chicken parmesan, and a sausage pepperoni calzone! OMG to die for! The chicken was cooked perfectly, breaded with delicious breading, amazing sauce and came with a side of spaghetti and garlic bread! The calzone tasted so fresh and cheesy and the side of marinara topped it off perfectly! My boyfriend lived in Chicago for 4 years and said the food tasted really good and was just like Chicago! We left full and with left overs! I never eat the left overs but I definitely did this time! The ambiance of the restaurant is ok. Plenty of seating and a bar. Small flat screen TVs through out. I don't mind the ambiance though. I'm there to eat, not be entertained or distracted by decor and sports. This place also has take out! I will be back very soon!
5	See my reviews on the new location.
2	I googled  Chicago style pizza wondering if maybe I had a misunderstanding when I ordered the pizza from here. We had ordered he "double crust" pizza thinking that would be a sufficient amount of crust but when the pizza came out it was nothing more than a large 16" cracker smothered in sauce and cheese What i can say is they were very nice in response to our reaction and offered it for free, which I appreciate (thus the extra star) If I rated just customer service I would go with 5 stars
