5	I ate breakfast here on a beautiful Sunday morning during a family vacation in Montreal and absolutely enjoyed it.   I decided to try something I had never heard of before--a brie cheese omelette with green apples.  C'est delicieux! (Mind you, I'm a Spanish major with 7 years of study under my belt so I don't know nearly enough French to get by even in Quebec...Thank goodness everything is in both English and French!)  Most of the omelettes and egg dishes, if not all of them, come with a choice of white or whole grain toast, breakfast potatoes, fruit, and coffee.  The portions are reasonably sized and the fresh-squeezed orange juice is great as well.  The cafe also offers lunch and dinner, as well as many other interesting breakfast options including assorted multigrain sandwiches (in the menu I saw marshmallow, chocolate, and banana!), waffles, crepes, etc.  A must if you go to Montreal!
3	Nothing special but one of the few reasonably priced breakfast/lunch places in the McGill Ghetto/Downtown area which is generally a black hole for decent restaurants.  McGill students make up the bulk of the clientele. You wouldn't go out of your way to eat there but there are worse options - like the overpriced and disgusting Chez Cora up the street on Parc. The service can be erratic, especially when crowded (I once waited an hour for a meal and didn't even get a refill of coffee).
4	Great little breakfast spot near the hotels I stayed at for my race. Small but diverse menu, and a great wait staff make this a great choice to start off your day!
5	Residents of Montreal, you are so spoiled to have this spot in your fair city. Really. I want to wrap the whole place up and bring it to the US (preferably my city). If I could I would!I *love* this place. I first came across it last year during a trip to Montreal since it was close to the hotel I was staying at during that vacation. I went there 3 days out of 5 that trip because it really was *that* good. This recent trip to Montreal, I was not staying as close to this location but I ended up walking there anyway just to eat there for breakfast most mornings/afternoons. Yes, it's that good.Why is it good? First off, the food is incredible. It's fresh, bursting with taste with tons of vegetarian options and incredibly cheap. Here in NYC, meals like the ones served here would cost double. Not only that but they have a 4 page coffee menu in addition to their staggering variety of tasty food options and their coffee is freaking amazing! Lots of crazy flavors and varieties of coffee and/or chocolate beverages. The wait staff has been consistently cool every time I have been there and they seem to have perfected that art of knowing when to ask if you need anything and when to let you sit and savor your food and coffee while talking for long periods of time.I am already missing this place and I just flew back today. I love you Cafe Imagination. I will be back.
3	Pretty good latte and just average service. It seems every place in Montreal has this service problem though.The decoration is cozy, with comfortable chairs and some retro posters. I cant's say much more about this place. I went there once for a quick coffee stop and that was it. If the service was better, it would certainly be a gem.
2	Terrible service...as in no checking on the table after serving the food and at 8 am having to ask for coffee refills after sitting with an empty mug for 10 minutes just shouldn't be..but then again, the coffee was bitter and lukewarm...there's much better all over the place; keep walking to find it
3	Cool little cafe. The guy working was a little nonplussed, but that may just be a Montreal thing. Clean cozy little spot with free wi-fi.
3	We walked here from the Holiday Inn Midtown about a block away. We liked the sunny, bright  appearance inside, and the light classical music playing in the background. The menu had a nice variety of breakfast, brunch and lunch items, including interesting combinations in sandwiches, omelettes and crepes. We are vegetarians, and there were many optMy husband had an omelette with asparagus and Hollandaise sauce and I had banana crepes with chocolate sauce and a side of potatoes. Overall the food wasn't spectacular but it did what it set out to do--we had a pleasant meal and felt it was fresh and good for us--The portions were not huge, which to me is a good thing! Sizes of servings were really "just right."Would I go back to Cafe Imagination? Maybe, but I'd rather find a place that knocks me over, considering all the choices there are in Montreal! Still, it did the job! Not a bad place by any means.
5	My cousins and I went to Montreal for the weekend and ate here for breakfast on Saturday morning. First, we ordered coffees.  Cafe creme, cappuccino, etc. and they were very good.  My cafe creme was beautiful and I posted the photo on yelp.  For breakfast,we had quiche, breakfast croissant, and omelets.  Everything we ate was delicious! The waitress was very nice and they play nice jazz music on the radio. I recommend this place to you!
3	3.5 - we went here for breakfast on our last day and really enjoyed it, much better than Cora's up the street.  The menu has plenty of options and the service is very friendly.  And it's reasonably priced!My friend had the chocolate crepes and enjoyed them.  I got the Croque Madame which was served more like an omelette, with one giant scrambled egg served open faced on a croissant with ham and cheese.  It's like no croque I've ever had before (the egg should be overeasy), but it was still tasty.  If you want an inexpensive breakfast, go to Cafe Imagination.
3	This is a good alternative to Cora's if you're looking for a cozy, non-chain type place.  Good coffee and very friendly service!  I felt like the crepes were made the day before and warmed up.  I had chocolate and bananas which was fine.  My friend ordered the croque madame but I think it was more like a scrambled egg croisandwich.  It had the right ingredients but they were deconstructed ;-) This place was inexpensive, quick, clean and no frills.
4	May 16, 2013We stopped here for breakfast during our first day in Montreal.  Service was great, and they indulged my high school French.  We had a seat right by the window and sat for almost two hours enjoying our cafe au lait and macchiato.  The food was good, but not really notable.  Loved the jazz decor and music in the background.
1	Terrible breakfast. I chose the simplest dish. Potatoe was cold, breakfast sausage was not fully thawed. Egg was OK. The toast came with frozen butter. At least i got normal coffee and lots of jam!Service was average. Decor and background music above average.Go somewhere else for food. I cant comment on their coffee though.
2	Came here for breakfast at 8:30am, which, in my books, is way too early to go out to a restaurant. But as I had a 1.5 hour-long class at 10am that I couldn't possibly miss and my best friend was only free in the morning, I dragged myself out of bed with the most enthusiasm I could muster in my sleepy state. I saw only one waitress and one chef at that time. My best friend got there before me and we chatted for a very long time but strangely the waitress hadn't come yet to take our orders. All the more strange as there were only 3 tables occupied including ours. It was only when I made it obvious that I was glancing at her that she came by to take our orders. Alright-y...I took a cappuccino and an oriental focaccia. Inside of the focaccia there were grilled peppers, broccoli, and uncooked shrimp. One thing that bothered me about the coffee was that it had so much foam on the top. A little is fine, but this was like a heaping 1/4 cup of foam. Anyway, once that was gone, the coffee wasn't actually so bad. The focaccia was the best portion of my meal there. SO good!I was hoping for a larger variety of coffee, taking into account that the place starts with "cafe". So end of story, waitress was pleasant-looking but not attentive, the coffee was meh-average, and the sandwich was great.
