5	This is a great location to go if you need work done.We were out on a Saturday afternoon when I realized there was a major issue with my brakes.  I realized it had been quite some time since I had had them checked so we looked for a place nearby.  A friend of ours had a good experience here recently so we gave it a shot.  I dropped off my truck to have them look at it.  A few hours later they called me with the estimate and with what was wrong.  It was comparable to what it would be elsewhere so I went with it.  I found some coupons online and when I went to pick it up they honored them without issue.  The staff here is great and very friendly.  They advised me on a couple other issues that may arise based on wear and tear and simply let me know what their prices were if I were to use them again.  No pressure, just information to use at my discretion.  I will definitely be back to see them again and I highly recommend them to others in the area.
5	Friendly service, upfront pricing. No nonsense. Have had 3 brake jobs preformed here. A/c coupons are a plus when I recieve them in the mail.
5	Don't let the fact that it is a part of a 'chain' put you off. They are as close to a neighbor business as it gets. The manager Todd, seemed to know (many by name) more than half the customers that came in while I was waiting, and you could tell they were happy customers, coming back for regular service.I have been here in the past for an alignment and was pleased and went back for a few  30,000 mile service items that I do not do myself (I am old school and still do my own oil/rotate tires/wipers, etc). They were among the cheapest of the non dealers I called after you check for coupons on the web. AND, they ended up being slightly less than they quoted me on the phone as the Trans flush required slightly less fluid than standard. Service was even done slightly ahead of schedule! (PS - Several eating establishments in the same parking lot if you decide to wait)
1	Stay away from this place!  They talk people into services that are not required. They use scare tactics to get women to pay for services not needed. These people have no conscious! Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
1	Stay away for any significant service work. They charged me more for parts than the dealer, and will look for ways to increase the work needed, even if it isn't neededf. To top it off, they'll  try to be as folksy as possible while ripping you off!
