5	I was a yoga virgin until I started taking pre-natal classes here.  They were really great!  Kristin was an excellent teacher and I felt that the prices were pretty good.  They have a website: www.yogadosha.com and it lists their class schedules.
5	I really like this studio.  It's larger than the location in Tempe.   Lots of room, cute things to buy, and a place to sit and read while waiting for your class.
4	I like both locations. Tempe is super convenient, and the Chandler studio offers lake views from the large (windowed) classroom. I prefer level 1-2, level 2, and flow classes, averaging about 3 classes a week, to get my money's worth of the monthly auto-pay for $119. Having practiced at Inner Vision for about two years, my physical and mental wellbeing has drastically improved! I now can do many difficult postures, including inversions and tricky arm balances.I would go more often if they offered intermediate-level classes more frequently in the evenings and weekends with my preferred instructors (some level 1-2 instructors are too easy, and I dislike one popular instructor). I definitely have a short list of favorites, but everyone is at a different level, and they do their best to cater to all. Overall, I highly recommend.
5	They do a good job. Good teachers, friendly environment. If you are into yoga, this is a good place for your next class.
4	Visited Inner Vision because of a groupon purchase.  They have a huge variety of classes, but I found that only the hot yoga was a challenging enough workout for me.  Gabe, Aaron and Josh were my favorite instructors.  The studio is really clean- which having visited many studios, is a wonderful thing that is hard to find!  I've moved on to a bikram hot yoga studio so that there are more hot yoga time options for me.  But this is a wonderful studio for someone who lives closer to there and likes more variety in their yoga practice.
5	Love this studio (I'm including the Chandler studio in this review as well).  My favorite thing is the variety of classes and the abundance of class times also.  I have a very full and busy schedule and I can also usually find a class that fits into my schedule between work and school and everything else almost every day.  There are I'd say, at least 20 different class types (styles of yoga) that you can choose, but my favorites are the "Inner Vision HOT Flow," the Level 1-2, and the Power classes.  Definitely sign up for a new student special... unlimited classes for two weeks for $29 dollars.  That way you can see what classes you like, see what teachers you like, and see how often you'll be going... that way when you do sign up for class packages, you can see which one would be financially best for you.Both locations are great though.  I love the lakefront view room at the Chandler studio, and the reception area of the Tempe one is really nice, inviting, and relaxing.  I go to both about equally depending on which teachers and classes I want to take.  Also, the website is super helpful.  You can purchase classes that way and see which teachers are teaching at which times... teacher bios and great yoga info and faqs in general.
3	I practiced at this studio for 6 months (Tempe location) and pretty much always did their InnerVision hot flow classes. The class time worked into my schedule and I wanted a challenging practice. I normally went to classes lead by Aaron, one of the owners. He teaches in a clear, concise manner and he is not really a hands on instructor, as some are. I did notice that he rarely ever smiles, which does change the atmosphere of the room. The InnerVision flow class itself is definitely a challenge and well worth the try. Over time though, I did wish the class had some variety, but I guess that's the nature of the set postures. Some of the other instructors will occasionally mix it up (like Gabe or Josh) by allowing you a few minutes to go into shoulder stand or do a pose you want, which I really enjoy. And the studio itself does have a very large variety of classes to try out. Sometimes the studio can get pretty full, especially in the evening classes, so be prepared for that. This means the room will be hotter and that space is limited. One thing that really bothered me is how often people show up late and are allowed in. If everyone is already set up with their mats in a crowded room, getting in the right mindset, calming down, de-stressing, etc  - it takes time out of your practice and your mental state to move your stuff and adjust to the person who just came in. It's especially frustrating when the late person sets up and leaves no room for any arm movements and you're basically fumbling on top of one another. I know, I know, I shouldn't let this get to me because it sorts of defeats the purpose of yoga, but a little consideration for your fellow yogis/yoginis would be nice. The instructors never say anything about this, but I'm not sure if they have a policy against doing so. One other thing I noticed that I find sort of strange is the lights in the studio. They use fluorescent lighting with pictures of clouds over the lighting to mask the quality of light. I find these lights stressful because they remind me of the office and/or school. During the cool down stage they turn off the fluorescent lights and turn on warmer spot lighting, which I find much more calming. I wonder if this has to do with the heat the lights emit, but either way, during my yoga practice I prefer mood lighting or natural light because I want to get out of the "real world" and into myself.Bottom line: the classes are good, studio has great variety, but the details and subtleties do make a difference.
4	I really have enjoyed my regular Prenatal Yoga classes here.  I get 3 class options per week and I try to make them all when my Sat doesn't keep me from missing that class option.I've only taken Prenatal Yoga here so I can't comment on other classes or instructors but the 2 gals that teach these classes (Sally and Nikki) are great - they both have different styles of teaching but both have a lot of experience with birthing, home births, natural birth, yoga, etc - I appreciate both instructors for the differences they have and offer.  My ONLY complaint for this Tempe location (has nothing to do with the instructors) is that they can oftentimes PACK pregger ladies in to the smallest yoga room (It is very frustrating to be so cramped in there) and then even when it's full, they STILL try to fit one more girl in there.  It has nothing to do with people coming late, it has to do with the class room being too small for the amount of women that are attending.  The past few times, we had 14 or was it 15? girls in there - WAY too many.  At that point, you can't even stagger mats or do poses correctly.  I really wish they would plan this out better.Other than that little issue - I LOVE the class, the instructors, and I enjoy getting to know the other pregnant ladies and sharing this great life event... the staff is always friendly and nice and I like that they are very earthy in the facility... like walking the walk, not just talking the talk.Anyway, if you're pregnant - you NEED to take these classes... we'll see how my delivery goes, but I'm confident I have learned some valuable tools and stretches/positions for what I want to experience during my natural birth.
1	I've put off writing this review for sometime, because it's not really my style to leave negative reviews.  I'm more of a raise the praise, but unfortunately I don't have any praise for this place. To explain my incident with this place we'd have to go back a few months ago. I was given a free class pass from a friend and was excited to try out this studio. However, when I redeemed it and went to the class, the instructor stopped the class midway to call me out for not paying. She asked me to leave, it was horribly humiliating. I explained the situation to the instructor and noted that I had a free class pass but she continued to ignore me and said this class ain't free. I later looked on the website and found out the instructor was correct, it wasn't one of the free classes offered but I didn't know this and the receptionist gladly redeemed my pass,  knowing this was the class I was going to attend. And she didn't mention anything about this class not being on the free trial list. It just is sad because I was looking forward to being a regular at this nearby yoga studio. But after the way I was treated like a thief, there's no way I could come back.  Hopefully they treat their other customers better than me.
