4	Spacious, garage style coffee shop.
3	New Coffee Shop in Pittsburgh? Better be good. With 21st st cafe, big dog coffee, beehive, and of course the starbucks they have some stiff competition.Outside looks very nice. Garage doors open to the patio. Nice local coffee shop. I had big expectations!The barista was really nice even though it was her first week there. She was so short and could barely see over the counter! But the shop was full of delicious treats and their menu was expansive. It had a little bit of everything. I'm a big fan of variety so I liked to see the different options.I didn't see the coffee of the day but I had plans to go to the gym so I asked for a protein shake. Only $5! perfect! Well so I thought. I assumed this was going to be one of those 32 ounce drinks that muscle maker grille makes. Nope it came in a little 16oz container. She put water, ice and a scoop of chocolate protein powder and blended it. I was watery at best. Could've used some milk, and maybe a scoop of peanut butter. Not impressed. I guess you can't judge a book if you end up seeing the movie instead so I will need to go back and try some of their coffee. In the mean time they need to cancel out their protein shake endevour, or go to GNC downtown and learn how to make a mean protein shake.
5	I personally love this coffee [5 stars]. There are some places that I'll only buy specialty drinks because their regular coffee tastes bitter and burnt.. not here though. There is a nice area for outdoor seating. I'm new to the area, but this seems to be an old car shop maybe[?] They kept the garage doors and when it's nice they have them open along with tables in the lot. Ask for the loyalty card and your 10th coffee is free. I moved here a week ago and my next coffee is free. That explains how much Bobby & I enjoy it lol.
4	I love this place! It's awesome to see a new coffee joint in south side, and I love how they used an old garage! The location is perfect- off Carson, away from all the craziness- but still close AND there's even PARKING! How many coffee places in south side have free parking? Just this one. I work close to this location and have been watching them build the coffee shop for months. I was excited when it finally opened and I got to try their drinks! I only have ordered the vanilla latte frappe so far- after ordering it once I was hooked and just don't want to try something new yet. It's awesome! The difference between the vanilla bean frappe and vanilla latte frappe is there is coffee in the vanilla latte frappe- but it's the perfect amount! The vanilla flavor is awesome and the coffee taste isn't overbearing. I love this drink and it's an awesome treat. They have tons of snacks and typical coffee shop pastries too. Their banana bread was tasty- but was a little dry when I had it last. Yesterday, I tried their caramel apple oatmeal cookies... Yes... Caramel... Apple... Oatmeal... Cookies.... They are just as good as they sound! I need to go back like ASAP and get more because they were some of the most amazing cookies that I have ever had.Awesome place! Going to be a regular here I am sure! Ask for their drink punch card!
5	Got a message from stephanie cupka. She's a sweetheart. Told me she retrained her staff to make the protein shakes better. She gave me a free coffee on the house and then gave me a card with 10 whole punches to get my protein shake another time. I have gone back since and gotten a maple spice and pumpkin latte with a double shot of espresso. It was fantastic. I think they should make it permanent to do 2 shots for a small and 4 shots for a large. So good. Anyways I changed my mind about this place. I highly recommend. If you're looking for a good coffee shop off the beaten path, go here. Good service, nice selection of goodies and a great atmosphere.
