4	Saw an ad for Joseph's on the CSN campus bulletin boards. They offered 25% off with CSN student ID card. Figured why not and gave it a try. The location is across the street of the W. Charleston campus. They replaced the Brazilian BBQ Grill place that had horrible customer service which prompted me not to eat there.Combo Kebab Plate:Beef, Chicken, & Beef Lule served on a bed of rice with side salad and some kind of seasoned thinly sliced onionsThere's an option to get either rice of burgul pilaf. The chef gave me a sample of the pilaf and...WOW that was different. The best way i can describe it is: Bomb Ass Brown Rice. The seasonings used were overwhelming enough to mask the brown rice taste but mind enough to not be overwhelming. There were also some noodle things i couldnt identify, they could have been noodles but what ever this stuff was gooooooooddddddddd.The chicken and the beef could have been marinated longer and could have been a bit more juicy but i'm not going to hold it against them. They just opened and their target market are college students. Seeing as the semester hasnt started yet and they're still in the planning phase.The Beef Lule (they call 'em 'Lula' @ Shish Kebab House) was something else. They are the complete polar opposite of Shish Kebab House. Where as SKH is a bit bland and is too soft with almost no texture, Joseph's is full of herbs and has a noticeable flavor as well as a chewy meaty texture from not being too ground.There are a few things they need to do to attract more business.The first being to beef up the lunch specials. Right now there's only 4 specials, 8 if you count the different types of meats you can get. The second is taking the frequent diner card back to the drawing board. You get a punch for every 10 dollars you spend and after 10 punches (100+ dollars sent) you get 10 dollars off your next meal. This seems alright but not everyone at CSN can afford 10 bucks for lunch sometimes. The lunch specials are 6.99 and you get a free soda but that's not gonna cut the 10 dollar mark to get a punch. Perhaps a 6 or 7 times and get a meal half off or buy one meal and get the second half off. Having a 10 dollar minimum when the specials dont meet it isnt exactly the best way to guarantee return customersThe third would be the prices. Everything is priced properly for a proper fine dining experience. The location and the targeted clientele arent going to frequent this place for fine dining but tasty fast food in between classes. Prices need to be rethought to fit their target market and situation.Hopefully this place will last longer and have more business than the Brazilian place it replaced. Most likely i'll return when the semester starts as well as go here during peak lunch hours and see if the quality is consistent when the demand is more fast paced.
5	great food! The owner is very kind as my brother and I have admitted to never having Mediterranean food. We just had one of the $7.99 combo plates- it was so much food and very satisfying! I love their gyro plate so far, I am a fan of cracked wheat rice! With the nice student discount I'd be happy to eat here whenever classes are done for the day!
1	I wanted to give Joseph's 2 stars for the excellent service, but I just couldn't bring myself to mislead anyone into thinking there's even a sliver of a reason to eat here.The food, while authentic, was atrocious.  Both the chicken and beef dishes had a very heavy, less-than-fresh odor and taste to them.  These were not meats they should have been serving.   As I said initially, the service was excellent.  It's definitely a family run joint, and they were so kind that we didn't have the heart to tell them the food was rank.  We politely pretended we were stuffed and asked them to box the rest of our food to-go.   And promptly ditched it in the trash can once we were out the door.I would have loved to recommend this place, as Las Vegas is definitely in need of some genuine, authentic middle eastern cuisine -- but do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
