3	My wife and I visited this location (one of the few in the SW valley) to munch on some pizza and wings and watch the football game. It was our first visit.The interior was cozy and clean and smelled great. There were 5 TVs in various locations for a good view. We were seated immediately. Our friendly server was quickly upon us and our pitcher of Fat Tire was soon to follow along with 2 frosted glasses. Nice touch.We were given a basket of garlic breadsticks while we waited. An unexpected surprise. We got the 16 inch pepperoni pie which arrived piping hot. I know pizza is a very personal thing to many so you can't please everyone. But we liked it. The traditional crust wasn't too thin or thick. Just right. A bit chewy but not offensively so. The sauce was good and rich. I would have preferred a little more cheese but thats me.The wings were outstanding. We're from Buffalo and are picky about our wings. I got traditional medium and my better half got BBQ. We thought we'd try baked. (They offer fried or baked) But were careful to specify "well done". You want your wings crispy not soggy. They came out just right. The BBQ wings were cooked after coating so the sauce crisped up nice. And get this... They offer blue cheese dressing for dipping! Unheard of down here.Overall a good time was had by all. We'll be back.
4	Restaurant is pretty VEGAN friendly. I end up eating here quite frequently given it's close proximity to my house. I appreciate that the staff ALWAYS listens to special requests (no cheese, no dressing...). I have never had a slip up here with added unwanted ingredients! I usually stick with a salad and soup or the bruschetta appetizer sans butter. My boyfriend really likes their veggie sandwich and their fries are yummy!
1	We have come to the restaurant a couple of time and have had delivery and I am sick and tired of every single time something being wrong. Tonight was the breaking point. We decided to order for delivery because we had 4 kids and dint want to drag them to a busy restaurant on a Saturday night. Every single thing was wrong with out order besides the 2 philly sandwiches. I order a #1 with no tomatoes. Well I got tomatoes and no dressing. We did not receive any of our ranch dressing for our 3 orders of chicken strips or our kids drinks. I decided I should call and get my sandwich fixed. Yeah bad idea! The manger (or whoever) decided to tell me that the delivery guy was "pissing him off" (real professional). Then told me it would be another 20 min before I would get my dressing, drinks and new sandwich. Finally the delivery guy shows up, pissed off at me, and delivers me a ICE COLD sandwich. SERIOUSLY??? I will never ever eat at this place again.
1	Today I called the Northern and 101 location, I asked what the special was? The girl told me buy one pizza get one free. Great I say, any size? Sure...so I order a medium 4 cheese with pepperoni and the other one with bacon. When I get there to pick it up she tells me "$34.00 please" and I'm surprised..."one medium formaggi pizza w/pepperoni is 34.00?" "Well no it's a specialty pizza and I can only give you a free medium cheese pizza." so I call and speak the manager "Carlos" who barely understood English and tell him that I'm up set that on the phone she tells me it's buy one get one and when I get there it's something else. He says I saved you 7.00 that's a lot of money because the regular price is 13.?? so I say if that's the case then why did I pay 34 dollars? It should have been 26. dollars minus 7 dollars...he puts me on hold, comes back and says I can give you 2.00 back. I don't want 2.00 back I want to you tell the girl not to say buy one get one free if that's not the case and explain to me why I paid 34.00 for 2 medium pizzas. He says, you don't want the 2.00? I'm sorry that's all I can do. I told him it was clear to me that he was not the manager and no instead of an unhappy customer he has an unhappy and insulted customer and I would find out who was above him and take it up with them.
3	The pizza was delicious.  Came in, sat at the bar, and ordered a pizza.  The problem was that they put my pizza in the wrong place and forgot about me...  attentive bar service, but pizza was left to sit.  45 minutes later they brought me a room temperature pizza, which was really good for room temp pizza.  I'd have given 5 stars had the pizza been served to me in less than 45min and hot.
5	I live in Scottsdale, I was visiting a friend who lives by the stadium and she always talks about how good the pizza is here (she's from new York city)we Came here on a Saturday night, not very busy. A very small comfortable atmosphere though. service was great! Our server was really friendly and polite. The bruschetta was delicious and the pizza came out nice and hot. I topped this off with a nice glass of cold wine and it was a great dinner overall. Definitely will be going back soon!
5	1st off take out order for my husbands b-day! We all went down on Sunday evening about 6pm myself, husband and  our daughter. Very nice atmosphere kinda quiet yet pretty full for a restaurant that serves beer and Italian (yummy goodness)! My husband had a beer while we waited (cold glass, summer ale fabulous price!) Watching pre-season 49ers/Denver game (They have NFL Ticket!!!!) Great waitresses and waiter with awesome eyebrows small talk good people attentive and fun. Mind you this was our first time here, staff made us want to come back.  We all ordered the cheese steak sandwich with fries and ranch to go. When we got home 15 minutes later, we "NOSHED!" WOW what an awesome place for Italian sandwiches! If you love cheese cake this place is also the hit for that!!!
4	The cheese and pepperoni pizza were delicious. The baked wings were big, juicy, and full of flavor. They bring out mini baked bread with marinara while your waiting for the wings and pizza, nice touch.
2	Well it's starting off poorly. It's 4:30 in the afternoon on a Friday. Came here specifically for the Broasted Chicken. Ordered the chicken the waitress come back to tell us they are out of chicken... Are you kiddin me! Then after looking at other reviews I find out they do have a children's menu after already ordering an adults meal for a 4 year old. There is a whole lot of people standing around doing nothing! The bread sticks they brought to the table were cold and old. The sauce to dip them in is so thin it won't even coat the bread. The chicken they did... All of it was hot, some of it was so dry you could barely swallow it. It was almost as it it was reheated or or way over cooked. I love abrogated Chicken and will drive a long ways to get it. Next time I will drive to another location to give it a try!
5	The food here is decent. The bread sticks are really yummy! It is good for large groups. They deliver for $2.50. The pizza is big which is always a plus.
5	Come here for lunch a lot. Cheap lunch menu with  delicious food. Everything I've had is great but really love the wings and the spaghetti and meatball calzone is amazing. Service has always been top notch,
4	Came in on a Saturday night with my step dad and step brother and my son. We waited at the sign where it says "please wait to be seated" we waited and the guy asked if we were dining in and he said we could seat ourselves. The waiter came and handed out menues. I glanced around to other booths it was a lil empty. But at the same time several tables were dirty. Our food came out right away. The server came to our table once to see if we needed any thing.  We ordered pizza and 12 wings. The wings were okay a little under cooked. But the pizza was great. The also do military discount.  Great for family and big crowds.  There are several televisions that show sporting events as well as outdoor eating.
5	We are new to the area and were in need of great pizza been to many sony in the past so figured we couldn't go wrong here. haven't even got into the food and I'm so glad we came! Our server Ashley was fantastic,so fun!! Great place to chill and have a beer on the patio especially in weather like this. And duh the pizza is amazing! Do yourself a favor and come here!!!....ask for Ashley!
4	Good food.  I always forget that I really enjoy the #1 sub sandwich here.  Service was good and it was a nice visit and we got to celebrate a family members birthday.  I like this place as an option for groups.Good variety and they have more than pizza.  : )  But that pizza did look good.  : )
4	Good pizza, pleasant staff, cold beer--everything you could want in a good pizza joint. Nice to get seated right away and although the restaurant was busy, the staff wasn't frazzled or indifferent at all like they get at Grimaldi's. We are definitely going back and I'm looking forward to it.
1	I am new to the area and heard this was a pretty good place to go. So I figured I would head there and watch some football and have some lunch. The pictures of the food look delicious and it seems they have some recognition with being the official pizza restaurant of the Cardinals and Diamondbacks. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. The TV's were all connected to a non-HD Directv receiver. Is it that difficult to pay the extra $10 per month per receiver to have high definition? When I walked in the sign said please seat yourself which I hate because it typically means poor service. I gave them a chance. I sat down for over 15 minutes and not once did anyone come greet me or ask me if I had been waited on yet. Meanwhile three sets of people had come in after me and were already waited on and served their drinks. I definitely will not give this place the time of day again and I'm glad they are not an "official" anything for the Coyotes.
2	Here for lunch and ordered the Broasted Chicken dark meat combo. Disappointing to say the least, the meat was cooked fine but the size of the thigh was extremely small to the point the leg actually had more meat than the thigh. The fries here used to be AMAZING..... Not so much anymore they are typical small greasy fries without the crispness they once had.
