3	3 story shopping center with a 14 screen movie theater, Crown 14, restaurants, shopping and shops.   The shops are just ok but the restaurants range from fast food to sit down, the movie theater and the old school old Las Vegas Neon signs are the greatest draw.
2	Neonopolis was a good idea, but it lacks in execution.  I've never seen it not looking like a ghost town, which may only be because I'm only down there at night.But...wait...this is Vegas.  If it's going to be bustling, it's going to be bustling at night, right?  Hardly.And it's not the kind of deserted that's quaint and refreshing in a sea of too-much-all-the-time.  No, not at all.  It's stranded in the desert, coming across a completely empty town and finding a doll in a rocking chair kind of deserted; creepy deserted.  If you ignore the sounds of kids screaming to put more money on their card (god, it was easier with tokens, I swear) at Jillian's, it's almost silent.There's so much that could be done with it, but I don't know who really will.  It seems like a losing venture to try much in there at this juncture.I don't know.  Go getcherself some mall food or something.  Try to avoid the zombie by the escalator.
1	This shopping center is pathetic.  I worked in a TV studio that was here for a year, and the owner apparently kicked out the few tenants he had to make room for all the new businesses that were coming in.  They never did.  They lost a La Salsa, an Orange Julius, and a few other business I can't remember.  For what?  Empty space.  I just saw a sushi joint opened where La Salsa used to be, but I can't imagine it lasting long there.  The rest of the shopping center is still pretty empty.  So sad.The parking situation is even worse.  I've had multiple experiences where my validated parking ticket didn't meet the strict criteria of the parking attendant.  Here I am in line with a bunch of cars behind me, and this guy won't open the gate.  Dude, you work at a parking garage for a living; you're not God.  The attendant actually said to me tonight, "Do you know who you're dealing with?"   Wow.Try not to ever go to Neonopolis.
1	1 star, sadly because there are like 5 businesses in this whole center and LOTS O EMPTY ones.  Wah Wah Wahhhhhhhh.I'm going to give a nice yelp to Jillians though...
1	This place is like a Detroit simulator, it's scary, deserted and boarded-up, all with the promise that it'll be better "in the future."    Even their website seems to be an evicted place with one of those useless ad-portals you get when you mistype a popular website.   If you get lost off Fremont's edge and wander into here, wander right back out.  There's no fun to be had here.
3	I've wandered around the empty halls of Necropolis (that's right, my official nickname for Neonopolis is Necropolis) many times back in my hoodrat days. Neonopolis has been a Necropolis ever since the day it opened. I went to the movie theater that no one goes to once, and the movie tickets were dirt cheap(I didn't think $5 tickets for movies existed anymore) and the concession stand also had more food than usual for a movie theater lobby with french fries, pizza, mozzarella sticks, etc.... and we were the only ones in the movie theater. The movie(Meet The Browns) wasn't that good but it had to be one of the best moviegoing experiences I have ever had. And then you had Jillian's. It always felt so cool being able  to hang out in a bar-like environment at 14. It had a restaurant, arcade, bowling alley, pool hall, dancefloor and a stage for shows. It used to be so much fun. (And it was pretty damn easy to sneak into the psuedo-nightclub upstairs as well.)Neonopolis really could have been a very cool place, but the execution of it was just terrible.And I think the main reason why is because it's essentially a wall. Outdoor shopping and entertainment venues may work in California, but they don't fly in somewhere like Vegas. Put a roof over that thing!
2	Interesting place; horrible show.This place is one that you want to go NOT when you're looking for a party, but when you and your group ARE the party. It's a little devoid of style but it does have a bit of a tacky kinda charm. I'm sure on a certain night I can work with it. The karaoke/piano bar was closed but the room for t looked like a great hang. Next time out, (if there IS a next time, I'll check it out.The show that was there, is without a doubt, the WORST show I've seen here.It started out with a 10 minute movie comprised totally of random news and interview clips that are oh so vaguely tied to Las Vega$$. The lead of the show was some dude who may have been great at some point, but that day is clearly not today. At least not in this format. He's not charming enough to host a show like this and the show feels dated and is desperately lacking originality or appeal to anyone born after 1970. I will admit though, I did learn some very interesting things about Las Vega$$ while I was there, but I would've been really upset to have paid to see the show (I belong to House Seats Las Vegas) and so I got free tickets. I would've been REALLY pissed to have wasted good money on it.
2	This place was filled at one point (when it first opened- there was a sports store, an asian store, an ice cream place, a restaurant) and quickly became deserted- the rent must be really high. Plus, people did not really come through there to shop, anyway- jeez, retail suicide. There was a little stage in the middle where there would be some performances but I can't say that it was very professional. So, not surprisingly, the movie theater was affected, though this came about a few years later. I miss this closed movie theater the most in the whole center. It was a very nice movie theater with slightly discounted movie ticket prices and free parking- validated and had excellent sound. Clean facility, full staff. It as empty though. So, an announcement said the theater would close for renovations. A few days later on the news confirmed that it would be closing for good. So sad.I like downtown. In my many years in LV, I've never spent New Year's on the Strip (not crazy like that), but I have come to the Fremont Street Experience a couple times. I think that attraction has improved over the years. There are a few good restaurants in the area as well (aloha specialties, mickie finzz, the golden gate). But Neonopolis is an idea never realized- it didn't have a chance. The neon signs were really neat because it was a way to bring back a little something from the Old Vegas (you know, when people dressed up for no reason at all- like the old movies- suits, hats & dresses). Also, Jillian's was a cool little place but it closed and became something else (but don't know how that's going).
1	Wow.  Poor, poor, poor Neonopolis.  If Shakespeare rose from the dead and wanted to write a new tragedy, it would probably be about Neonopolis.  Act 1 would be the facility opening, Act 3 would be Jillians and the hope of Star Trek: The Experience coming here, and Act 5 would be Las Vegas Rocks closing.  Neonopolis is to Las Vegas like what the Virtual Boy was to Nintendo: both had noble dreams and looked excellent on paper, but both ended up being complete failures in reality.  Quick history about this place.  Most of the retail space was vacant throughout most the facility's history, and it was tough to fill the empty spaces with establishments.  Jillians was a fun arcade/lounge type of place similar to Gameworks and Dave and Buster's, but it suffered from badly maintained machines and overpriced games.  Not long before it closed, the fraternity I was in held a rush (recruitment) event in one of the banquet rooms in there, and while it was fun it was one of the few good things about Jillians.  The place closed shortly after.It had a movie theater, but why go to a theater there when you could just go to another one closer to where you live, and where parking is easier?  Plus, the lack of air conditioning IN A DESERT made it difficult to lure moviegoers in.  It soon closed.They later had a Poker Dome event.  It was a nice facility, and the spectator areas were pretty cool and high tech.  Unfortunately, watching people play poker is nowhere near as entertaining as actually playing poker.  In fact, watching Garry Kasparov play chess would probably be more exciting than watching poker.  Now while some of you might enjoy watching poker on television, I just can't get into it.  Needless to say, when the champion was crowned, they didn't do this again.When Star Trek: The Experienced closed down at the Hilton, Trekkies like myself were heartbroken.  However, we were relieved when told that The Experience would be relocated to Neonopolis.  Unfortunately, after numerous auctions selling props from The Experience took place, it's relocation to Neonopolis is about as likely as Captain Picard manning the Starship Enterprise again.  The Experience remains stranded in the Delta Quadrant, and Neonopolis remains in the Neutral Zone.Las Vegas Rocks closing looks to be the final nail in Neonopolis's coffin.  It's quite sad, really.  Neonopolis had everything in paper to be THE revitalization for the Downtown area.  And while First Friday and the large number of plush and comfortable bars and lounges are revitalizing the area in itself, Neonopolis remains a proverbial ghost town, a reminder of what could have been, but never was.PROS:Filmmaker looking for a creepy, deserted place?  Here you go!CONS:EverythingTHE VERDICT:  Just pretend it never happened.
2	Almost empty mall at the end of Fremont Street. There's been so many establishments that have come and gone. You walk inside and it's like a ghost town. The Drink and Drag bar took over an upstairs space which is a really cool bar. And if you're there during the day, be sure to check out the Toy Shack. The Heart Attack Grill is a big draw for Neonopolis. Parking in their garage is only worth it if you can get validated.So sad!
2	I have never seen a place that completely lacks identity until I began walkng through this place.  The Heart Attack Grille and the Toy Shack(from Gold and Silver Pawn) are the highlights if you can call them that.  The Toy Shack is intriguing if a bit pricey but the Heart Attack Grill and the Greek Place next door are just bad.  There is  a Dennys sign but I don't know if it is open and the movie theater is closed too.  This is  truly a case of a property owner's greed causing a great concept to fall flat. So much potential, so little delivery.
1	We ventured here upon the suggestion of our tour guide at the Neon Musuem.  One star for the old neon signs and Vegas Vic and Vicky BUT otherwise I'd stay away... parking is not FREE unless you buy someting in the casinos.  Also, there are several homeless people and tweakers coming up to you every other minute to ask for $. This is Vegas at it's worst...sad to say. :-(PS If you really want to see the neon signs here.. do a drive by and you can see them from the safety of your car.
3	I don't know why the hate for this place when it being dead has been just a sad part of the economy and falling through the cracks of change. The necropolis is just the shabby kid on the playground that can't help it and gets picked on. Its growing up now and for this I am hopeful for a change as the spot is prime for a successful little building.  There is now Drink& DragHeart Attack GrillToy Shack DennysLuna RossaFremont Mediterranean Cafe2 art galleries (one downstairs and one upstairs)a few jewelry stores, Krave Massive coming soonJapanese restaurant coming soon I also saw that Banger Brewing is now in the building, but I'm not sure if they are just brewing or open to the public? I hope they would do a beer tasting room soon as their beers are quality and would bring in traffic! Telemundo and NBC have offices up at top by Krave.If you're looking around downtown for some of the vintage neon lights, there's a lot of them inside here. There's a lot of empty space on the floor that they seriously could do something with it events wise...there is what looks to be a stage setup. The one thing I have always liked though is parking. It was always rather cheap (and before often free w/o a attendant) even though it is a rare thing to pay for parking in Vegas. It is still the same prices or free 3 hours w/ validation papers from businesses in the building. Cash only, no card on paying your parking fare! It is just there by Fremont East and a easy walk to Fremont Street Experience area- a perfect inbetween for where the night takes us. Its never busy so its easy to park by the elevator and get in/out even when downtown is super packed. We don't bother to park at the casinos anymore because of how convenient it is to park here. Hopefully one day this place becomes something more again.(Yelp 100 Challenge 31/100)
2	I'm not sure how the "meh I've experienced better" rating would apply to this place. I mean, it's Neonopolis. Where else would you find a three-story establishment covered in neon?I went here before not knowing what it was. It seemed like a location for a zombie movie. I found it weird that the escalator was working even though there were no businesses upstairs (or maybe I just didn't look hard enough? lol)Fast forward, they opened a Denny's and had a grand re-opening, added more stores, and more lights. So it's improving, I'd say that much. I'm just not gonna be recommending it to others... at least for now.
4	I'm going to agree with Oscar and give Neonopolis 4 stars for what it's becoming rather than for what it is now.  The place is no longer on life support and it shows many signs of life and the future looks brighter from the past years when a few restaurants and shops opened and quickly closed for lack of business.Telemundo coming and renting a good portion of the area for its studios was a boost.  The new Denny's is certainly a boost.  There is a new bar, Drink and Drag, that garners good reviews from the Yelp crew.  Finally, the new zip line ride is being constructed right in the middle of the place.  All these things point to renewed hope for the concept which never really made a go until now.This morning, I had breakfast at the new Denny's.  I parked in the underground garage which is very, very handy!  One flight of stairs to walk up and I was there.  I was surprised when I got to the booth that there was no charge for the parking.  Their website says free parking with validation but Denny's doesn't validate.  Perhaps it was because I was less than an hour and it was a weekday morning.  Whatever the case, it was a nice bonus.  We are so spoiled by the free parking common in Las Vegas.I'll make a point of coming here more often.  I want to ride the new zip line when it's done.  Seems like it would make a good UYE.
5	The new stores have really changed this place and the parties are awesome
4	Seems to be a lot of not-so-stellar reviews for Neonopolis.  Personally, I think it's a decent little area compared to the rest of Downtown.  The parking garage is a great location (and well-priced, IMO), Denny's has a FULL BAR, the comic book store has a lot of fun things to look at, the vape store is definitely great eye candy (and seems to attract a lot of business) and it's convenient locale makes it nice to hide away in but step right out into Downtown should you want.I've heard Drink and Drag has closed, which is a bummer since I really enjoyed that place.  It would be awesome if KRAVE opened, too -- I think that would really help this little diamond in the rough.Also, across the street from StrEATS is a nice bonus if you want some place to park.
