4	What a great place to spend an hour just day dreaming. They have RC Planes,Boats,cars,trucks, trainsand everything RC plus they help you work on your stuff and usually people are gathered outside toying around with their RC toy. So few of these model & Hobby store around anymore we are blessed to have 2 in the neighborhood.
5	As far as plastic models go, this is an EXCELLENT hobby store. In fact, this is the best HobbyTown USA I have visited so far (California and Nevada). Their plastic model collection is quite complete with large collections of military vehicles, aircraft and car models. They also have the most complete collection of aftermarket resin parts for any HobbyTown USA store I have been to. In fact, they have more models than some dedicated plastic model shops I have been to.If you are looking for reference books, they have them too. The books are not wrapped up and you are free to read them before purchasing them.Also, their staff is very friendly and I was greeted when I entered the store. This is something you don't get a lot of nowadays as far as hobby stores go. Bottom Line: If you are in Las Vegas, make sure you make a trip to this HobbyTown USA branch. Also across the street is another store, Hobby People, so you get a two-for-one deal in one taxi trip!
5	With the Green Valley Hobbytown being bought out by an independent, downtown Henderson hobby store, this is the national chain's only store left in the Vegas Valley. It's a long commute to get to, but once you're in there, you won't want to get out.This is everything a hobby store should be. Plastic model kits, display models, die-cast vehicles, miniatures/tabletop games, rockets, RC Vehicles, it's all here. This place has the best selection of all of the above, as well. No matter what your hobby is, you'll find it here in mass quantities. Additionally, they have a shelf of clearance books, which is nice.I haven't dealt with the staff a whole lot (aside from when I am purchasing things), but they seem to be helpful and have never been standoffish, even when I simply come in the store to browse. The store is fairly large, but easy to navigate, with each row generally relegated to one type of item (a row for plastic kits, a row for rockets, etc.) My only real complaints are the location and the parking. This is in a fairly big shopping center and usually the lot is a bit congested. Also, it is far enough from any freeways that getting there, particularly in rush hour, can be a nightmare.But I can't let the minor flaws pull this place down. This is the premier hobby store of Las Vegas, and it's worth the trip.
5	HobbyTown USA is definitely the place to go, especially if you're looking for customer service. My son had some issues with stuff for a school project he was doing, so we went to the hobby shop we got them from only to find out they're closed on Sunday. I called HobbyTown USA to see if they were open, which thankfully, they were.We drove across town to get to HobbyTown USA and it was worth it. The staff is helpful and friendly and even though they were pretty busy, they took the time to make us feel important and answer our questions. If anyone asks me where to go for hobby supplies, I'll definitely recommend this place. No question.
4	this is the place to go if you like models, they have a huge selection of plastic kits and every paint you can ever imagine. they also have a really nice model train selection also. their rc section is kind of weak (go to hobby people for that)
5	Mel helped me a couple of times. Seems to care about customer service. I dig this place.
5	Well, this was the first hobby joint I hit up in town once I gathered up the nerve to leave the strip in my rear view.  Thank GAAAAWD.  The customer service here is as friendly as any of my more regular joints back home.  And selection is honestly pretty solid.  WW2?  Got it.  NASA?  Got it.  Anime Mecha?  All Gundam.  So there's a knock.  Railroads?  Yeah they got some...2-part sculpting resins of all flavors, vinyl/pvc/Al/steel parts for whatever original custom anythings you can imagine?  ABSO-FREAKEN-LUTELY!!!!!  Next time some fool says,  "Hey, Joel, we should go party in Vegas!", Imma leave the so-called "Panty-dropper" suit (which so far fails miserably at its mission) at home and pack up all my modelling gear...
5	Pretty cool shop, mostly models and RC.  They do carry limited selection of board games, and some coin folders.  Staff is always great!
4	What a cool store! When my husband said he had to go to the hobby shop, I picture the hobby shops I remember (smell of superglue and aisles of things I'm not sure what's done with them), and went with him kicking and screaming. But I left there pleasantly surprised. I even almost bought something. But I was afraid it would become like most of my craft ideas and sit on a shelf unopened.  There was the typical hobby shop nerdy stuff like RC and model cars. But they also had games, mold making kits (my mind goes to jewelry), trains, and so much more. It's a small cramped store especially when it's busy, but it's nicely organized and the staff was very friendly. Not sure how prices were since I don't frequent these places but they seemed reasonable enough.
4	This would be more of a review from my husband than me, as this isn't a place I would seek out and visit.  But.....my husband is an avid airplane model kit collector, so whenever we're in town, we have to visit this place.  They moved to this new location in the past year or two (we haven't been by lately!) and I think it's in a better place.  It's basically across a big intersection, but the old location was a dead end strip mall where there used to be a Circuit City and then nothing, and the old Circuit City was never leased out.  It is more of a destination store, but now it's next to a Panda Express so if you need something to drink or eat, or a place to sit while you're waiting for your husband, it's easier.  Everyone always seems really friendly too.  They have all kinds of model kits and supplies.
5	big selection of plastic models and airplanes not so much on RC cars. prices are very affordable and comparable to online prices.
1	They have a lot of stuff at full MSRP.The old guy and the young guy with the baseball cap at plane and heli counter look down on anyone who isn't willing to destroy hundreds of dollars worth of parts to "learn" how to be a Cool Radio Control Master and run their mouths to illustrate this point.Are you interested in ANY quadcopters? YOU SUCK because you're not a REAL R/C guy.Do you think that having $850 worth of equipment (quad and a GoPro) flying a hundred feet off the ground should NOT be INSTANTLY be destroyed at the slightest glitch? Well, you're just a dick.I went in to research the stable, GoPro capable Quadcopters and I never even bothered to talk to them because they were already belittling people like me and "anyone who would run a gyro on their plane". The utter disgust and contempt for potential customers like me caused me to turn around and walk right back out the door (but not before talking to the manager).Unless you're willing to devote your entire life and thousands of to learning to fly "REAL" radio control, your money (and your KIND) are not welcome here.
4	I went in for RC car stuff and a general look around.  I came out with most of what I was looking for, and now I know where to go get  a nice imported model car in town.  Their 1/10 rc body selection seemed to be pretty weak, but I could not get the best look with them being behind a counter, but maybe they were re arranging.  They had a good amount of other neat looking stuff, but I would rather avoid looking to hard before I find something interesting to spend money on. They were sold out of one tool I needed, but luckily the Hobby People near by had it.I will absolutely return to look at paint for my current project when I figure out some idea of a color I want.  Though their prices seemed to be higher than Hobby People for Tamiya PS paints, they have a very large selection! Though this is compared to the Hobby People near me off Boulder... The Hobby People near this store also has a large variety of paint, but I do not think as much Tamiya, or other paint supplies.  But I will update the paint part of this review when I go back to this store and the Hobby People near it to shop for paint, maybe I did not look around both stores enough.If you are a fan of hobbies in general you NEED to go here, and thought it may not have what you are looking for, it is worth the visit.
4	A quaint little store for the kid in all of us! We stopped in to do some shopping.  There are model trains, planes and automobiles! A huge variety of every kind.   We had the pleasure of dealing with Brad.   He was so knowledgeable and helpful or our shopping that day.   I didn't realize that fun little gadgets can get to be pricey.  It was certainly an eye opener but Brad was great to deal with.   The store is filled with many different items from floor to ceiling.  It's almost overwhelming in a small space.   Sometimes you may feel claustrophobic but you can definitely find what you need.The associates in the store are fantastic.   From browsing to purchasing, they were all very helpful and friendly.  We are now introduced to a fun new hobby!~
4	Nice group of People. I bought a RC car for my son which broke after 2-3 months. Went back to this place expecting to buy some new parts and these guys just fixed it for us free of charge. Nice selection for such a small square footage
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets
