3	Met my brother and an old friend for a quick casual lunch there a couple of days ago.We shared a Taramasalad, a Village Salad (large), and 1 chicken cut up in pieces bone and all and cooked on grill with great spicing.Everything was fine, but this is not a gold standard. This is a nice casual lunch, even a nice place for a nice family dinner. Nothing gave me the WOW factor although the chicken is excellent, but then there are other dining options in Montreal with better chicken (Daoud, Panama, Shish Kebab). The salad was good, and the great was garlicky and plentiful. I don't know why they don't serve pita it would be more in line with dipping in the Tarama, but that is their way.The service was prompt and pleasant, and the coffee and baklava both fairly good. If you are near Central Market in Montreal its worth a try.
3	Not a bad place to come for a greek lunch. I would not choose it has a dinner place. It's a sit down fast food type restaurant. The chicken is always really dry, but the potatoes are really good. Service is on and off good and bad. depends who's working and what days you are there.
3	This is a good family run Greek restaurant.  They expanded a while back and have a decent size sitting capacity for those interested in eating there.  It's a casual family style place, not exactly the place I'd bring a date.As some have said attitudes can be hot and cold at times, but hey what do you expect... it's their place and they'll run it the way they want.. the have the food to do the talking for them right.What's good:  I personal go for the souvlaki plates, however the chicken does seem to be a popular dish.What's not:No delivery : (  this place is just down the road from me, but if I want to eat here I either have to eat there, or go do take away.Personally I'd much prefer to support local family run business like this over big chains any day.
4	Authentic gyros, food is fantastic and reasonable!!  Family type restaurant.
5	The food is good and cheap.  Usually for around $12 you get a gyro, greek salad, rice and fries and it's very tasty.
3	Food : the food is okay. Nothing that blew me away in terms of taste - but does deliver. I might be biased due to the fact that my boyfriend is Greek and I've had the chance to eat at other Greek restaurants. I never review based on price, but a lot of people seem to take that into consideration. Yes it is inexpensive - but there are many others with the same prices but better food. Service : very good service, nice wait staff.Decor : very quaint. Cute greek touch without overdoing it.NOTE : i would probably look into renting the place for larger groups.Yes I recommend this place.
5	I'm not very familiar with Greek cuisine, but overall I liked it. We ordered family style with Greek salad, yogurt dip, fries, and their bbq pork. The salad was very light, had a nice balance with the fatty Greek yogurt. The meat was flavorful, but as it started to cool, the meat started to harden. I like this place, keep up the good work!
5	Holy Amazeballs Chicken! I had always thought my favorite restaurant chicken was Barbuto in NYC, but this wins. Very different, but winner winner...Also, by far the garlickiest (that's a word now) tzaziki I've ever had. I'm vampire-proof for a good week from that plate.Everything else was good - really liked the gyro platter and greek salads as well. Yummy fries (like only Montreal can deliver - what's up with that?)Well-priced, good service, etc.
