4	I found this day spa when I was living in the Gilbert area.  I decided to check it out since it was literally half a block from my apartment and seemed decent when I was peeking in through the window.  When I arrived for my appt I found the interior to be bright and whimsical.  The staff is very professional and I could always occupy myself with the great magazine selection they have in the waiting area (not to mention the coffee and water service).  The services I had were the brow/lip waxing and sugaring, pedicure, and mini Swedish massage.  I have to say that the sugaring was preferred over the waxing since I have sensitive skin.  I'm not sure how many places in the valley offer it but you should try it (or maybe just get laser hair removal?)   I have only received a few professional pedicures (mainly due to the fact that it's not always in the budget) but I would rather get a pedi from a professional spa than one of those $20 nail salons.  Yes, you pay a little more but you also don't have a reaction to the cheap ass lotion they use in those places!  yuck!  The mini Swedish left me rejuvenated but not drained as some longer massages can leave you feeling.  I have yet to receive any treatments in the salon but had a friend that had several hair cuts and recommended the stylists highly.  The prices are fair and the menu is quite extensive so if you are in the area check it out.
5	I went here to get laser hair removal.  Angela was amazing.  Very knowledgeable.  Explained to me step by step each process and was right on the money regarding pain expectations.  I had my lip, underarms and bikini line done.  I absolutely love this and would recommend her to everyone!!!
2	I went to get a Shellac manicure and a regular pedicure.  While the decor was very nice and clean, my nail technician was super chatty about herself.  That would have been okay if she had done a decent job on my nails.  My pedicure was okay, but I've had much better for cheaper.  The manicure was terrible.  I had streaks where the color was wiped off when she cleaned them with the final cleanser and she painted them with so much nail showing that it looked like my brand-new manicure was already 2 wks old.  Since it was the Shellac, I couldn't just remove it easily and redo it, so I was stuck with it for 2 wks.  I'm definitely going to a different place next time.
3	I have been coming here for the past four years or so, and it has been hit-or-miss most of the time.As far as nail techs, Dani is the best, hands-down. She's booked up pretty often, but well worth it. She has the most amazing attention to detail and can do a French manicure by hand like no one else! I just love her manicures/pedicures and her friendly personality. However, I have also gone to another tech a few times for pedicures and manicures, and won't be able to recommend her. She has left my polish streaky and the sides of my nails bare on more than one occasion. Her specialty might be acrylics and gels, but that doesn't excuse the fact that she can't give a decent mani/pedi. Not worth the price if it ain't done right.I have visited one of the estheticians there quite a few times, and she can also be iffy. When I go in for a brow wax, she doesn't always ask me what I want - just goes right to it, and sometimes goes way too thin. I had to learn to speak up about what I wanted. Don't get me wrong, she's incredibly sweet and mostly professional, but some aspects of her work don't sit well with me.Another esthetician I had a year or two ago gave me a terrible facial - the worst ever. She was careless and the facial was bland and basic. And, get this - she was TEXTING!! While I was in the room, trying to relax during my facial! Thank goodness she is no longer at the spa... I wonder why.Overall, the staff is friendly and much less snobby than most spas, but the quality of the treatments is not on par with the price. The facility is cute and recently expanded, but the rooms are still a little small. I've watched with disappointment as their prices have risen over the years, and it's caused me to seek out other places, despite the fact that I live down the street a short distance.To summarize - go see Dani for your nails, and you won't regret it. I'd comment on their hair department, but every stylist I've seen is no longer with the salon. Hmm. The esthetics department is decent, but I won't go out of my way to get services there. I have yet to try any medspa or laser services, but I'm considering checking out their laser technician in the future. If Total Bliss would make some improvements to the quality of their technicians and services, I would probably change my mind about them.
2	I went to get a Shellac manicure and a regular pedicure.  While the decor was very nice and clean, my nail technician was super chatty about herself.  That would have been okay if she had done a decent job on my nails.  My pedicure was okay, but I've had much better for cheaper.  The manicure was terrible.  I had streaks where the color was wiped off when she cleaned them with the final cleanser and she painted them with so much nail showing that it looked like my brand-new manicure was already 2 wks old.  Since it was the Shellac, I couldn't just remove it easily and redo it, so I was stuck with it for 2 wks.  I'm definitely going to a different place next time.
4	The only service I have ever received at Total Bliss is nails & toes. I have been going to Pam for almost 5 years and she is awesome!!! Acrylics, gel nails, manicures, pedicures, I have had them all and am always extremely happy. They have the gel nail polish "Shellac" here as well as a few other colors in a different brand. This stuff is AMAZING. Goes on like regular nail polish but is cured under the UV lamp and lasts for WEEKS with no chips whatsoever. Does no damage to your nails and keeps the same natural finish as regular nail polish. The salon is always clean and provides late appointments some days. My mom gets facials there ( I can't remember the girl's name :/ ) and loves them as well. Would definitely recommend booking an appointment with Pam if you are in the Gilbert area and need some nail help :)
1	I hate writing bad reviews but I wasn't very impressed with this place for the prices they charge. :( All was not lost though since I had printed out a coupon from their website for 20% off. The pedicure stations don't have massage chairs and I didn't think my manicure was as clean and nice as it could have been. The lady who did my nails was super nice but I don't think I'll be returning to Total Bliss unless it's for a different kind of service.
1	I was given a $200 gift certificate here from my sister with no expiration date! According to the Arizona State Statutes, an expiriation date must cleary be disclosed on the certificate, however, Total Bliss said that their policy is 1 year and will not honor my certificate.
5	I see Jim Allen for myopractics and massage, and he is amazing. I have seen a chiropractor before, but I definitely prefer the myopractics where soft tissue manipulation is used to balance your body instead of just cracking it back into place. It's a much more holistic and gentle way to restore your body to it's natural state of movement and relieve tension and pain.His massages are equally amazing and the best I've ever had. He has many years of experience and education, and he is continually learning new techniques. If you are into energy healing and natural healing arts, you will love Jim. He can make you feel like a new person. Jim is amazing and genuinely cares about each and every client, and it comes through in his work. He also does cranial sacral and ayervedic massage and can incorporate specific essential oils to suit your needs.
4	I received a $100 Gift Certificate here and I made an appointment for a massage & facial. They both turned out great although I do think that there prices are a little high. I would go back but with a good coupon.
5	I booked Total Bliss for my wedding and they were amazing!First, all my appointments and conversations were done over email as I live in NYC. I was unable to see the salon before booking, but Nancy, the owner, was so incredibly nice. It was a pleasure to work with her. She even bought fruit, cookies, and sparkling cider to help celebrate the day - it was a very sweet gesture.We had three stylists working on our hair - Trish, Paula, and I think Jodi. Trish and Paula were fantastic. Trish worked on my hair and it exactly! matched the picture I brought in. Jodi did a nice job on my friend's hair, however, she was a little impolite in the beginning and did not try to talk to any of us. Trish and Paula were very much apart of the group and did fantastic work.Angela did our make-up, along with another lady who I unfortunately cannot remember. Angela did a wonderful job on my make up and was very personable. The other lady seemed very polite as well.I am extremely happy with our hair (6 of us got our hair done) and make up (5 us got our make up done)! Thank you so much!
1	Meh. I went here for an appointment with Anastasia for gel and glitter. I waited patiently and ended up with an appointment with a completely different person than what I was told I was going to see. I asked her I wanted gel with glitter and she had no idea what I was talking about. She said she can do gel polish with glitter in it but not any type of loose glitter with gel. The lady they gave me only does regular acrylic nails and was even too afraid to do the glitter as she didn't know what she was doing. Finally another lady said that she can do it but that i would need to wait a moment until she's finished with the appointment. I waited a half an hour and finally saw the lady. I did not realize that she was pushing me in between her appointment and she did it very quickly, maybe lasted about 20 minutes. I have never had my nails done that only takes 20 minutes. She ended up using a shellac gel instead of an actual gel builder. And it was very clumpy and uneven, to were you could see a dip in the middle of each of my nails. The only reason I'm giving it any stars is that the owner was very apologetic and tried to accommodate the situation, but I was disappointed. Also, I had went there with a spa finder gift card. I had $10 left. instead of just taking the money off of that card and giving me the card to go somewhere else, the receptionist traded it for a total bliss card. This now, forces me to have to go back to them just use the rest of the card.
2	Every time time I schedule services with Total Bliss there is an issue; services requested not being scheduled,  messing up my appointment times, different technician than told.  Used to be a quality place to go to. 3 times is enough, the techs are great....which why I went. The front desk definitely needs to be addressed.
