4	Love this place.  Gus is warm and funny.  (He is Greek after all).  Not shy about telling you what he thinks.  He'll work with you on your price range.  They run great specials and are quick with the tailoring.  They have suits in all ranges, sizes.  I can't wait until he moves and starts carrying women's suits.
5	I bought the best pair of pants @ New York and Company, but they were made for a Mammoth Supermodel (the were sold of the ones for "normal" women). Anywho, I took these pants in to Brother's because my husband said they were good and THEY ARE AMAZING!!! The pants were done in 15 MINUTES and when I looked at the hem, it was the BEST I'VE EVER SEEN!!! THIS PLACE IS WORTH THE MONEY!$!
5	I needed 2 pairs of pants altered in a hurry so I looked on Yelp for a solid place by my house.  I couldn't be happier with this place.  The service, price and quality I received were excellent.  My pants were ready at the date and time promised and there were no issues.  I am glad to have found a great tailor close by and will definitely be back.
5	I went in to Brothers to buy a suit and I always have trouble buying a suit because I have huge shoulders and a tiny waist in comparison to my shoulders. Every suit I buy has to be completely recut and altered, the problem is no one ever makes the final product look good. I haven't had a tailor do all my alterations and have everything look exceptional at the end. The owner worked with me personally and after trying 8-10 different design & models we finally found one that fit like a glove with minimal alterations required. I was so thrilled with how everything fit that I decided to order custom shirts because I have a problem getting measured for those as well. I have a big neck, big shoulders and a small waist so finding shirts that fit well is nearly impossible. After the shirts came in and tryed them on, I have litteraly never had shirts that fit so perfect, and the compliments I got made it worth while. I highly recommend and you should see for yourself.
5	I went into Brothers tailoring to buy suits. I was absolutely blown away! Gus and his family were spectacular! I wear suits to work every day and will not ever buy from anyone else. They helped me pick out suits handled the tailoring, and were so fun and entertaining as well. Do not think twice and do not go anywhere else!!
5	In a last ditch attempt at exhibiting what may be the last shred of virility within my being, I took one of my vintage Robert Graham shirts to Brothers.I did so after my wife plucked it from the Goodwill pile, reasoning how these folks can fix anything, and how I shouldn't give away such an expensive party shirt. I agreed.And now I have a vintage Robert Graham shirt hanging in my closet. Just hanging there.Waiting...for the day when my wife says something like;        "Hey, wanna go clubbing tonight?"I have a feeling it may have to go back to Brothers a few more times in its hanging career...while my weight changes... like I'm a finalist in the Duncan Yo-Yo tournament.
5	I had three suits made not too long ago that all fit well and were comfortable. I went in today to get them touched up at Brother's. After trying them all on, the guys there said they were well tailored suits and not to waste my money. I was amazed that instead of trying to make a buck off of my misjudgment and therefore an unnecessary service, they were completely honest. I mean, they technically lost business today because they didn't push for me to get them tailored. Instead, they have gained my business for as long as I am in AZ because of their direct honesty and good principles. I will, and do, recommend this place for anyone who wants an honest opinion on suits. While I haven't had one made/tailored there yet, their business principles alone will bring me back
5	I guarantee you will have a pleasurable experience at Brother's Tailors. Not only is the owner, Gus, a pleasant guy to do business with; he will have you laughing at his general demeanor every visit. On my second visit he recognized my face and instantly made me feel welcome. Not only is Gus very hospitable, the rest of the staff follows suit (horrible pun intended). You know the other tailors you go to that know you by ticket number? STOP GOING THERE! Brothers will make you feel like you're their only customer and will have you walking away feeling like a million bucks every time. I'll admit, I went into the store based on a friend's suggestion and when I first walked in, judging by the size of the place, I thought my friend had played a joke on me. Do not be fooled by its appearance. Brother's is the real deal. In terms of selection they have everyone covered. You can walk in and get a $150 suit off the rack, which they'll tailor to your specifications at an insanely low price. Or you can walk in and completely customize a bespoke power suit. If you don't really know what you want or you're buying your first suit, for example, Gus or the other staff members will work with you for as long as it takes to get it right. When I went in for a custom suit, Gus took no less than two hours catering to my every request. Is that something you'll get at Men's Warehouse? The answer is no. To be honest, I will never step foot in another tailor's shop. There's a reason why this establishment has a 5 star rating.  I've been 4 times and Gus and his staff have already made me feel like family. This is the way small business is done.       Yes, Gus calls every guy that walks in the store a model. Yes, when you come in for one suit he'll ask whether you want 6 or 7. However, the bottom line is that Brothers will give you the best customer service, they'll make sure you get exactly what you want, and they'll do it all for the best price in town.
5	Gus is absolutely the man. The other guy working there, who I believe is his son, is also very good at what he does, as is Gus' wife.I went in to get a custom suit, and could tell that Gus took a ton of pride in his work. He had very strong opinions on what my suit should look like because he wanted to make sure that anyone who saw the suit would be impressed by it. We ended up picking out a great material, and a few weeks later the suit was ready.I'd always heard the expression "fits like a glove", but I never really understood it until I tried that suit on. I *thought* I had worn suits that fit me in the past, but now I know I was sorely mistaken. This guy is going to be making all of my suits as long as I'm in the valley.
5	We have been frequenting Brother's Tailoring since they first opened. They were awesome then and they still are today. Over the years we have had hundreds of garments fixed, shortened, altered, etc, all done perfectly and promptly. As of late I have bought a few suits and several pants for work. Gus, Margarita and their son have taken great care of myself and my family. I love Mom & Pop shops and this place embodies what a full service tailer should be.
5	I Highly recommend Peter "the # 1 Son" he makes buying a suit or just boring alterations fun.  This was my 1st time here    All of the customers love him and his family!  Thank you for all of your help I will definitely come back.
5	Leaving for a grant in Mexico in 2 days for 1 year, I realized I had forgotten to get all of my work slacks hemmed and tailored! Two tailors in North Phoenix laughed me out of their store for bringing in such a large order with such a ridiculous time constraint. Panicked, I came to Brother's Tailoring at the NorthEast corner of Tatum & Thunderbird. Despite it being a late Friday afternoon, Vicki not only promised to have my order done by the time I left the country - she had it all ready the next day!! Blown away by the quality of service and positive, professional atmosphere at this hidden gem in North Phoenix.
5	The tailor at Brother's Tailor did a great job on several of my clothes. They fixed 2 pair of pants and a sweater with moth holes. Thanks to Brother's Tailor I don't have to walk around like a bum anymore. Also, Margarita who helped me in the store is a wonderful host and she is very helpful in finding/tailoring the right clothes for you. For me Brother's Tailor provides a warm and welcoming experience plus high quality clothing. A winning combination!
5	Bought custom suit and shirt here for my wedding... Peter took care of me. Very happy with product. Phenomenal service.   I returned and exchanged some products with no problems... Better quality and better prices than their bigger competitions like men's warehouse and Macys.   Trust me I looked everywhere.   Stop in and give them chance
5	This is BY FAR THE BEST TAILOR I have ever been to. First, Gus knows more about clothes and the way they fit then any person I have ever met. He will tell you exactly how you look and doesn't sugar coat anything. He will make you look great with whatever budget you have. Second, Peter is amazing. He made me 2 custom suits that I just love. I wear them all the time. The material and the time Peter took to make the suits was amazing. I have purchased 2 custom suits, 10 custom dress shirts, and 4 other suits from this Brother Tailor and I am beyond happy. The quality of the garments and the way that Gus and Peter make you look is worth more then what money can buy. I recommend upgrading the fabric for a little more money if you go with a custom suit, it is worth every penny. Margaret is just amazing. She remembers you from the first time you walk in. Anything you need, she gets done. She is just great and has such great energy that you look forward to going there to get clothes. Vicky the women who fixes everything is amazing. If she says she will have something done by tomorrow, it will be done tomorrow. No questions asked. They make sure that the quality is always there. The full staff is amazing, I just can't say enough good things. The pride that Peter and Gus take in their work is beyond anything I have ever seen. They want you to look your best and will help you every step along the way. I can't say enough good things about them. Every time I wear my custom suits and shirts I get so many compliments. I will buy another one for my wedding in April and all my groomsman will be purchasing their suits from Brother Tailor. By far the best tailor in Arizona and the best suits I have ever had. Hands down! This is the only place where I will buy a suit because they are that good!
5	If you have any tailoring and are in need of a suit or fashionable shirts and ties this is the place to go!
5	Let's start by encouraging anyone that has not been back since they dramatically increased the size and look of the store should make the trip.  The shop now has a very open feel with great lighting and more fabrics, suits and other accessories on the rack than before.  Same stellar service but whole new shopping experience.I've been going to Gus and the family now since 2010 after continued disappointment in the choices, lack of right sizing and poor tailoring of Men's Warehouse and Jos A Bank.  Both of those chains would try and sell me what was not the best fit and then poorly tailor it.  One always has these buy 1 get 2 free type of sales, but they are marked up so that you ultimately pay the same for less.  At Brothers they don't play the markup game and make sure that you're 100% happy with your purchase.I'm unable to buy off the rack for anything.  I'm 5' 8" and fit with a thicker neck and broad chest and shoulders.  Everything must be tailored.  At Brothers they order my closest fitting size in both slim and standard suits so that the alterations are minimal.  It's arrived in a week and tailored by Vickie for pickup the following week.They really take care of their clients and the quality of work and product is the best value in town.  It's not just for the boys though - I see as many women in the store for tailoring and business attire as the men.You must go check them out and tell them Brett sent you!  You love it!!!
1	My boyfriend and I both had terrible experiences here. Gus' attitude is - well special. If you can handle it great - otherwise why should anyone have to deal with it. After all aren't we the customers?  The prices are outrageous...AND finally - i had 2 dresses that I entrusted to them for adjustments. Let's say - they are both COMPLETELY unusable. Why? well, my butt is nearly exposed on one of the dresses. (not exaggerating). And the other - is terrible.....I would not recommend them to anyone... very very truly disappointed as I could use a good honest knowledgeable helpful tailor./ seamstress....
1	getting ready for my friend wedding they seems to be very friendly so i trust them of fitting me a suit!i pick it up after 2 weeks,but when i got home pant hem is short of 1 inch and sleeves is short i told them i want my shirt to show at least a 1/4
3	Ordered custom suits from here. Very pricey and they're okay. For the money I was hoping to be wowed. The suits are ordered in from China. My husband complains about the suits all the time- the fit and ease of wrinkling. We were promised if he didn't like them they'd buy them back. That didn't happen. Their pants hemming though is quick and good.
4	This place is legit and Gus is great. A tad eccentric--but great. I went there because I had a Living Social coupon for a custom suit. I upgraded and spent extra but whoa. Totally worth it because I LOVE the finished product! I had no idea there were so many decisions, but I liked that. My only (very minor) complaint is it took a little too long for my liking to actually get the suit after picking everything out and getting the measurements. Plan ahead and get there at least a few weeks early if the suit is for a special occasion.
5	Dropped off two suits, got medial service. Picked them up, walked out without trying them on and left for Vegas. Big conference over the holiday, only to find out the pant legs were waaay too long. Mistakes happen, could have even been my fault for pulling the waist up to high during measurement.But here is why they get a five from me. First, people do make mistakes, people, it's about what they do to make it right. I called in and Peter, the owners son, had me come down as soon as I could make it, treated me with utter respect and curtiousy, and made everything right. He personally measured and double checked everything, bought me a cup of coffee while I waited as he rushed them to the front of the line to be sewn.Again folks, it isn't about the bad experience, it's about what he did to make it more than right. I'm more than satisfied and will use them for alterations in the future.
5	Before my visit to Brother's Tailors I never had a dress shirt made to my exact measurements. It was something I had always thought about doing, because more and more, the shirts off the rack at the usual department stores  presented problems for me; so many, in fact, that I dreaded putting on a sport coats or suit.  With an upcoming wedding on my calendar I decided now was the time.  When I walked into Brother's  I was met at the door by a confident and energetic young man named Peter, who happened to be a son of the owner.  I explained my problem to Peter and what followed was an informative and eye opening presentation that made me wonder why I had waited so long to have a shirt or suit made for me. Peter loves what he does--making other people look their best--and patiently explained to me why I was having the problems I was having. Without going into too much detail I have slooping shoulders, one shoulder lower that the other, and a thick neck that falls into my shoulders. He preceded to take a series of very exact measurements, and then he and I picked out a fabric that the shirt would be built from. Three weeks later I was back in his store trying on the shirt he had made for me and, not surprisingly, it fit like a glove. Was the experience worth the few dollars more that I paid?  Absolutely!!!  I will look great and feel comfortable the night of my event.  My only regret is I hadn't done this sooner.
1	To start, I have seen this shop many times, as I frequent two great restaurants next door.  A few months ago, my fiance and I stopped into the store to get an idea on a suit for me for our up coming wedding.  We first met the son, who was very nice and knowledgeable.  I recently returned to the shop when it was time to finally purchase a suit as our wedding is getting close.  I was helped by Maragita, and sold a nice suit. She initially gave me a good deal, and I felt satisfied with the experience.  LET ME TELL YOU HOW THINGS CHANGED ONCE THEY'VE GOT YOUR MONEY!!!!! The suite was ordered from the manufacturer, and arrived about ten days later. When I went to pick it up, I tried it on for any necessary alterations.  I was quoted an extra $115 to make it fit.  Now I understand all suits need some alterations, but this was major work needed.  I took the suit, to get some comparison quotes to fit it, which were cheaper.  I decided to return to the shop to see if the would work with me in coming to an arrangement since I was not happy with the way the experience was going.  A $200 suit, now was costing me $315, when i was under the impression that any alterations were included.  I expressed my displeasure with Margarita, who became very defensive.  I explained that I felt lead a stray in buying the suit since I tried the pants on in front of her and she knew how much alterations the would need.  I understand that alterations are time consuming and people aren't going to work for free.   I suggested a 50% discount and offered to pay $65, to meet me in the middle.  She did not accept this, and was unwilling to work with me at all in satisfying my displeasure.  She even had the attitude that it was some how my fault for not knowing how these things work.  I informed her that she wasn't really doing much to keep me business, and she stated that she had many happy customers and didn't need my return business.  CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SATISFACTION IS NOT A CONCERN FOR THIS STORE.  MARGARITA HAD NO INTEREST IN TRYING TO WIN MY REPEAT BUSINESS. ONCE THEY HAVE YOUR MONEY, YOU'RE OWN YOUR OWN. I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS SHOP TO ANYONE!!!!
5	Best alteration shop in phoenix. Extremely friendly staff and great custom suits. I highly recommend this place to everyone!
5	Amazing service. It doesn't matter if you're rich or poor these guys treat you with such great respect. It's been about a year since I've been in. I love this place. You come out feeling like James Bond. I've done the MW thing and the mall thing like Nordstrom. If you are a grown man you should have yourself a tailor. This is a family run business and they are proud of that. It was so nice to see. If Peter takes care of you. He will take GREAT care of you. I thought me and this guy were the same age he was so professional and mature that I was surprised to find that I was 7 years older. Service was top notch. I had so many compliments at a wedding in Cabo San Lucas. One guy from NYC asked who I was wearing and his brother walks up and says screw that. Who is your tailor? haha enough said.
5	Had a suit altered, fantastic job and polite service. Thank you!
