1	Customer non-oriented. Business ethics in ready to serve meals are horrific. Extremely over-priced for low quality produce/meats. SAVE YOURSELF THE TRIP.
4	Sure. Service sucks but, the products just remind me of home. Weird or what? They had mochi ice cream for sale which they called "bonbons" haha  Guess they are bonbons of the Asian sort.So many Asian snacks and different flavored ice creams. Quality of the produce suck but, they had fish that they can fry for you! My mom had a feast of fried tilapia when we found this out.
3	Stopped in to try to pick up some ingredients to make Korean food at home. They had everything I needed including precut ribs for Galbi, and a decent, but small produce department. The fish department, while also small was impressive as well. Great for a small local neighborhood asian market, but they dont carry everything that the bigger ones do. Still, with the proximity to Henderson I'm sure I will be back.
1	I was really excited to stumble upon this well stocked asian market however came to discover that the way they do business is pretty shady. I picked up the few ingredients that I needed and went to the register. My total was $6. No big deal until I go to swipe my card and the cashier says "$10 minimum ...you can get something else" I said well first of all it doesn't say there is a minimum purchase and secondly that is against the law. Her reply was " they charge us to much" Not my problem lady...you signed a contract with VISA and it says you cannot make a minimum purchase requirement. Of course after I threatened to report this illegal purchase I was allowed to swipe my visa. I will be reporting this business to VISA for breach of contract.
4	Good small market not too far from my house. Just what i needed,  philipino all purpose sauce for the lechon that my homies mom made for me. This store saved my life, close and convient.
4	I been coming to this place on a regular basis because it's convenient and very close to my house. The workers at this place are very friendly. They greet you as you walk-in to their store. Also, whenever the owner of the store is around, he greets you too! The store is semi-clean and it's a little crowded inside. The store carries most of the Filipino products/food and some of the products are middle eastern food because that's where the owners are from. They have fish, meat, vegetables, canned foods, snacks, and etc. The fish here is pretty good. You can ask them to clean it and deep fried it fish for free. The quality of meat is alright, you can buy a better quality somewhere else. The vegetables are pretty decent, but it gets old fast. They don't restock as much. They wait until it gets old and then they restock it. Finally, I like how they carry snack food that came from the Philippines that are hard to find in Las Vegas (two-thumbs up). They also have to-go food such as, pinakbet, kare-kare, dinuguan, adobo, and etc. I only tried the chopsuey (it's pretty good), daing na bangus (it's good), and ukoy (it's not good, it's not even crispy).The negative about this place is that they have minimum of $10 to use a credit card but debit card has no minimum anymore.
4	If your in the area and don't feel like driving to Chinatown or Seafood City for your various Asian market supplies this market is good substitute.  It's located right around the corner from Lemon Grass Pho and Jun's Korean BBQ.Walk straight to the back for some delicious already cooked Filipino food. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/asian-seafood-market-las-vegas?select=BN6MIgyFRjD1oJsdOntUUQ#6vvaT_DTG2F5PkjvRlICKA not as good my dad but still good.  They also have nice selection of seafood, which they'll clean and fry for you.  They have pre-made pinakbet vegetables packets all ready for you to add the rest of the ingredients and cook.  They have a decent selection of vegetables but not always in the freshes conditions.They have everything I would need when I'm looking for in an Asian market.  The snacks, various speciality ingredients, and the snacks. It's small in comparison to Seafood City and less busy but convenient the Henderson people. Remember its more of a Filipino market so if your looking for something not Filipino you might not find it here or maybe you could.I'd stop by for some fried fish for lunch.
4	Small family owned Asian market. Reminds me of when I was a little kid with my mom going to stores like this and me only wanting coconut juice, yanyan, and other Asian candies.Low prices and near to the south side of Las Vegas. No need to drive to Chinatown or Seafood city near UNLV to get Asian products.
1	The worst!! I just wanted a little container of pancit enough for.two people. $12!!!!! Seriously.  I think that's a little to much. You dont even see Asian people working there. Never again.
2	I found this place threw Yelp. I needed wide rice noodles to attempt to make a Thai dish my husband had at Naga Thai last week. It's called Pad See Eiw. Being that I live in Henderson and gas is expensive, I didn't want to make the trek to the Seafood Market by UNLV or the 99 Ranch Market in Chinatown. I figured this place would have something as simple as that. Nope, wrong. They did have tons of Asian style noodles dry and fresh, but nothing like what I was looking for. In the end I settled for some fresher packaged Lomi noodles. They did have some fresh looking fish. Which they said they'd fry up for you. Also, they had some food for take out that smelled so good! There even was a little line going for it.I was also looking for some different kinds of mushrooms then you find at say Smith's. I was very surprised that I couldn't find ANY mushrooms in the produce section. The staff was very friendly, I must say. But when I asked for the specific kind of noodle they had no clue what I was talking about. They just directed me to the dry noodles. A side note...They have some Mediterranean grocery items as well. Overall, I should have just gone the extra way to the Seafood Market or 99 Ranch Market.  Very disappointing. If your set on a certain item do not count on this place.
4	This is my go-to place whenever I feel like making Thai food for dinner. They carry lots of stuff and I never pay over $30 for ingredients even if I have tons of stuff in my cart which is enough to feed me for a week. I am Japanese and usually go to Japan Creek Market not so far from this place to get Japanese ingredients but it is nice and convenient that this place has those Japanese ingredients too probably for cheaper prices or cheaper substitutes. The staff at cashier and fish counter are always nice to me too!!
4	I was in the area and needed to get some ingredients to make pho but didn't want to make the drive all the way to Chinatown so I yelped Asian Market and it led me here!  I'm glad I took the chance and stopped by as I've been to a few smaller Asian markets around the valley and most of the time things are really not that fresh.The produce here was actually pretty fresh and I even found fresh lime leaves!  The lemongrass I picked up was also fresh.  The best things I picked up was actually by the register- boiled peanuts and banana bread that was SO moist.I would definitely come here again if I was in the area!
5	This place is the go-to if you come from S.E Asia. Foods are fresh and staffs are kind and helpful.  They are also adding many Chinese/Korean/Vietnam/Thai grocery items. Definitely better then the 99 Ranch or the other supermarket in Chinatown, if you want to save yourself from the traffic. One thing I like, if you have like certain item they do not have, leave them the package, they will try to put it on shell next time you walk in, very good if you are expecting a rain check.  I give it 5-star just for this.Overall, this store  has better to offer then other Asian Supermarket if you are looking for variety.
1	Was a little disappointed in the lack of sushi grade salmon and tuna at this "Asian seafood market." They sell green tea mochi though, so I was at least happy to find that.
4	While vacationing I stumbled on this place looking for the pho joint next door. Curious, I went inside. I'm not from around here so I don't know what to compare it to.Anyway, for a small space they've got a lot of stuff. Plenty of fresh vegetables, dry goods -almost any canned or bottled item you might need, frozen items like lumpias, sisig, tocinos,  desserts/ snacks, fresh fish and pre cooked Filipino foods in the deli in the back. I would say this place is predominately Filipino with a dash of some middle eastern fare as well.They'll fry up any fresh fish you buy. Nice!  At the time I visited they had a plethora of adobos (the Filipino national stew made with soy and vinegar) in the hot trays. Also some asados, vegetables and chicharons (fried pig parts like intestines and belly). They even had crispy pata( pig feet)! There are no seats inside, so it's mainly a carry out, but you can sit at the tables outside. At the counter you can also stock up on your favorite Manilla-wood movies if you're into that.
