1	March 25, 2011 AllCity Lock & Safe sold us a replacement remote for keyless entry for our Honda Accord. Eli was completely sure he could fix our keyless entry and charged us $154.04 for the new remote and labor. We are not full time residents of Las Vegas so we said we would be back to get the new remote in a few months. Now, almost a year later the entry remote still has not been fixed. We have contacted Eli and AllCity in July, August, October, and again this week. In July and August we contacted him to come by and get the new remote and were not able to get a hold of him. In October, we spent two hours with Eli trying to get the remote working, which he broke and was not able to install. We were very patient with him and said we would be back in December. We gave Eli a call today and he said he was not able to get it working and that we would have to take it to someone else to get it fixed. Eli also said that he would not give us our money back and we would not be able to pick up the remote we paid for until January 2, 2012, if at all. We've already paid in full for the remote and have been extremely patient waiting for this to get fixed. Eli was rude and incompetent in his work and should not continue to claim that he can provide lock services for vehicles.
2	I helped broker a visit by this company to a friend of mine who is disabled. I called Joey and he said he'd take special care of my friend.  When my friend balked at the price, Joey said he "negotiated" a special deal because of his disabilities.  Then he delivered a much cheaper safe than he had promised and charged twice as much as it was worth at any other safe shop.   After my friend realized he did not get the safe he expected, he tried to call Joey and arrange a return.  Joey hung up on my friend and then would not answer or return his calls.  Shame on Joey for taking advantage of the disabled. Beware the use of cryptic model numbers to bait and switch. This is not a guy I'd like to know that I had valuables.
5	helped me out a lot. When he didn't have a supply he referred me to another quality source and wasn't afraid to recommend me to a locksmith. He is extremely knowledgable about his craft been around for 15 years .
5	Excellent service. Prompt. Courteous. And the most important thing the price that was quoted was not a bait. If you have ever dealt with locksmiths before you know what I mean.
1	I came in for two copies of my mail key. I went home and checked the keys. I went back to the store to have them fixed and he charged me an additional $3.00 for a keychain saying that he didn't charge me for it the first time. He blamed my mailbox for the keys not working even though the master key works. I got home and they still don't work.
5	This place is fast, friendly, and most importantly RELIABLE WORK DONE well the FIRST time!!! So many times I've had keys made elsewhere only to get home and the stick and don't work!! Not here!! Keys work like the originals!! I've even had my CAR keys done here!! My car keys have a chip inside and the dealership wanted 500!! Here it was $80 and took less then 5 minutes!! Happy customer here!!!
5	Fast, friendly and helpful service from Joey, one of owners. Provided a good solution to an issue we were having with a door lock-we were in and out in 10 mins with a good solution. As new residents this will be our go-to locksmith in future. Thanks Joey!!
5	Very professional and helpful. The owner came out to my car to make sure the new keys worked. He had to make some adjustments but he very quickly resolved the issue. I was very satisfied with the service and the keys. I would definitely go back again.
1	Do not waste your time! Called to get combinations to 2 of our safes redone at my retail location. He gave me the price of his service charge and an estimate of what it would cost, sent him photos and told me he had to be paid cash. I gave him the green light and told him once he was there and assessed the work to please give me a call with a final price so I can approve it to the store manager, who would be paying him cash. Thats when things went downhill, as you can see in the photos he text me very aggressively that he didn't bicker over prices. I never once asked him for a discount or a lower rate, I just needed the final number once he got there and saw the safes in person since I had sent him pictures and he gave me a wide estimate. Was very rude, no customer service and said his customers never questioned him and just paid what he asked. RED LIGHT!  I kindly told him we wouldn't need his services and he text back nonsense about 90% of locksmiths being untrustworthy. VERY VERY unprofessional ... In his words "good luck" if you use these people.
1	Owner has a BAD attitude, He wanted $5.00 to make one key ( I had the Blank) he said no one would make that key but him.I went to "Stanley" and they made that key and two others for $6.00   All City Lock and Key.. BAD Attitude and WAY over priced!!
1	Sold me a $200 lock then wouldn't allow me to return it. So I'm stuck with lock I don't need, out $200 and he won't come switch lock back as a courtesy.  Sad.
1	I referred this guy to a good customer for a lock on a business. I was quoted on the phone a couple of hundred dollars. He met the building owner and upon completion of a one hour job and at most a hundred dollars in parts (that's being generous) he bullied my customer out of over nine hundred dollars. Beware of this guy, we have turned him into the Nevada Attorney General. BEWARE....Hide your wallet!!!!
1	Had a very simple new Toyota ignition re-keyed to match the door key for a 1997 Camry. 2 months later the the key became stuck in the ignition and could not get it out. Poor workmanship left me stranded and late for work. If they can't do a basic service I would't trust them for anything.
5	After going to Home Depot to get my house keys copied and having it fail to work TWICE, I yelped for help. This place was just down Ft. Apache and was about to close. It's a father/son business and they were both so precise in crafting the keys that I couldn't tell the difference between the original and the copies. The Home Depot key machine was not able to copy the front tip of my house key due to a design flaw. But the son did everything manually. Three keys were just about $11, but worth every penny for they worked smoothly in the front door where other copies would get caught and had to be jiggled to work. I threw away the other copies that weren't made from here.The father talked to me about where they were from and how they've been in business here for about a dozen years or so. I recently had trouble making copies of my wife's Saab key, even at the dealership. So the Son researched it and said he could make me a copy and have AAA pay for most of it. It's hard to find such detailed service like this at mega hardware stores.
5	I needed a new key for my car and he made it in no time. Not only was he quick, but very friendly. Highly suggest.
5	This place is THE GO-TO place for cutting keys where no one else would cut my key. The employees were very helpful and gave me knowledge about how my key works. I thank Joey who did more than expected to help me with cutting my key and as well as programming it to my car. Not only that, he also helped me save some money by recommending me to go to AAA to get reimbursed for the service. Thank you so much Joey and thank you All City Lock and Key Shop!
5	Needed to get keys done today and I have called and driven everywhere but they couldn't get it done.i called this place and they hooked it up. They close at 5 and they waited for me. The man who cut the key for me was so knowledgable and the owner I think was super nice. They were both nice. Great customer service! Definitely will recommend this place and to my friends. Will only come here from now on when I need it. Thanks guys!!!
