1	Bah!  Below is my outdated review.  I hate Danny's. Do not come here.  I got my oil changed and they forgot to put a plate back on the bottom of my car.  I found out when I brought my car into the dealer for a repair.  They were like, uh, do you know part of your car is missing....  my friend also had a bad experience.  Over $200 for a crappy detail job.  Don't bother.What to say about Danny's...    It's a full service joint.  You can have your car washed, oil changed, tank filled all while relaxing in an air conditioned sitting area.  The prices are on the high side and it can be quite busy.    I'm still looking for a cheap place to get my car washed, but I do bring my car to Danny's for oil changes.
1	"Been there - done that", with this discrepant racket.  Besides the mediocre wash jobs - the customer service, in a blatant word - SUCKS.  First, they threw out my clothes that were slated to be taken to the dry cleaners.  That car washing cost me nearly $300.  I boycotted the place after the owners claimed no responsiblity.  Then, in a desperate moment over a year later - I had an oil change and a wash just before leaving town on a Sunday morning road trip - nothing else was open.  I was told that the transmission fluid was low and it needed to be filled.  Halfway up the hill on I-17 North there was  pinkish crap blowing out of the tail pipe all over the back of the SUV and the idiot light on the dash indicated trouble.  The diagnosis given to me by the car repairman enroute was the transmission fluid had been over filled.  Nice.  Of course, Danny's Car Wash was not responsible.  I now done with them - figuring I got off lucky with the vehicle still in tact.  But, you'd think I was from East Texas - the third time is really the charm.  The car was "For Sale" and I had painted this fact on the outside of the back windows in water soluble paint.  In my final heinous act - I ran it thru this car wash, calling attention to the windows to the incipient attendant.  He assured me it was "No problem.  We'll get you all taken care of."  The car wash complete and not outside my realm of expectation.  It was rendered to me with remnants of paint still plainly on the windows and the attendent present shrugged his shoulders.  When I pressed the issue, he suggested I to speak to the manager.  The rudimentary attendant was no where to be found.  The manager appeared.  Cut to the chase - they didn't even try to reclean the windows.  In the final scene I was driving out of the lot with dirty windows and the entire outside staff flagrantly geering and laughing!   I know... sounds like the dumb chick in the horror film - but I think it's safe to say - that was the last time I left tracks in that driveway.  If I could deduct stars from this business, I'd give them MINUS - 5 stars.  There's my experience and opinion of Danny's Family Calamity Car Wash.  Check out Quick n Clean on 16th Street and Colter - Fabulous!  Inexpensive.  Excellent customer service!
1	They just phone it in.  On top of that, they bother the heck out of you to spend more money there, and then they take so long to finish that you're in too big of a hurry to notice just what a lousy job they have actually done.This review is especially for their Scottsdale location at Shea/Scottsdale Road, but it really applies to all of their locations as I have used many of them over the years.I lived in the Phoenix Area for more than 40 years before my current job took me to Southern California.  During that time I drove vintage cars and always wanted them to be looking nice.  In the mid-nineties, the car wash that I had frequented 2-3 times per week for years changed hands and the quality just fell apart.  I had noticed Danny's all over town, and decided to give them a try.They were spectacular in those early years.  I got great service, everyone was friendly, and you didn't have those annoying "how about a detail, oil change, upgrade to first class" upselling as you drove up.  You chose, you paid, you hung out in a nice place while they really cleaned your car up nice.Then somebody got greedy...  At first, there was this attack of the upsell elves coming up to your car and asking you if you wanted to buy more stuff, sometimes two-to-three times.  I fended them off at first, but they became so persistent that I complained, and well, I got a bewildered "it's our right to make money" attitude from them, so I basically started looking elsewhere and just used them when I was desperate.Cut to the present.  I came back this last weekend to visit family, and my volvo wagon was a mess.  Kid, dogs and busy wives lead to a critical mass where the car just needs to get washed once a month.  I had some time so I took it to Danny's which was close by.  Bought the "Royal" wash which set me back nearly 30 bux.  I was sure my car would be clean enough to build a satellite in when I got it out the other side.Well, after being chased around the exterior waiting area by bees for 45 minutes, I finally saw the attendant waving his rag at me that my car was done.  Or at least to their standards.But not mine, oh heaven's no.  There was still bird poo on the roof.  When I pointed this out, the guy sheepishly griinned and made a half-hearted attempt to rub a few of them off with a rag.  When I scratched at a couple with my nail and they just came away, he just shrugged his shoulders.We were in  a hurry at this point, so we just got in and sped off.  But wait, there's more.  While we were driving back to the house, we noticed that they hadn't vaccuumed around the inside of the car in any "not so hard to reach" areas like the center console or under the front of the seats.  I can sometimes forgive not getting in the nooks and crannies, but there was still TRASH in some of the places.  Looking around more, I noticed that the car's interior handn't really been "protected" with the goo they use -- the tops of the doors, the dash top, and that's about it.  The center armrest was filthy and definitely not clean, and the back seats were still dry as a bone.  I noticed that the workers there obsess over new cars and cars with lots of chrome.  As I was dodging the killer bees I watched in amazement as the chrome bumper of a very large Ford pickup was polished like the mirror of the Hubble Telescope.But they are totally phoning in the work on the family car.  My 8-year-old Volvo is far from a beater, but it doesn't compare to some of the exotic French and Italian stuff I used to have.  I still feel it should get the same attention, especially at $30.
1	I have been several times just because it is convenient. Last time, I had two shirts stolen out of my backseat. I went in and told the manager. He acted like I was making it up. I paid to have my car detailed and spent almost $80.00, and it looked like I got the basic wash. They didn't even get all of the tar (my main reason for detailing) off of the guards. I will never go back. I would rather do it myself than be so mad that I wasted the money everytime I go to Danny's. Ok, the owner must be a complete idiot. He will have the guys for immigration in soon asking for green cards. Talk about a "run for the border". Taco Bell.
5	Danny's always does a great job. Their staff is friendly and accommodating. Their lobby is so fun..some much stuff to look at and enjoy. My kids love the toys. My car every time looks great. Once you go there I promise you wont go anywhere else...cobblestone, weiss guys...don't waste your time.
4	Okay, so it looks like this place is hit and miss and I have an idea why.........  because people have different expectations on this whole car wash thing.  So if you are super picky and have so many valuables in your car, why not just wash it yourself?  I mean, these people are sweating balls washing your car and you only paid 7.99-- good lord, I would barely clean the inside too if it was 117 degrees and I get a 50 cent tip from the a-hole in his mom's BMW.I hear people complain about Danny's in person not necessarily from YELP-- so this rant is for those that can't even voice their opinion on here.  But anyhow....My car is WAY CLEANER when I leave than it was before I got there and that alone makes me hap-hap-happy. I also got paint balled recently and the cleaner I used messed my paint up pretty badly, Danny's fixed it for me for the bargain price of $79.99 (is this a bragain????) and they shampooed the carpets too.  I'm just happy the paint isn't forever ruined now.  I hate HS kids.
2	Sign at Danny's: $29.99 Oil Change and car wash includedReceipt in my pocket: Full service oil change $29.99                                        Car Wash upgrade       $3.00                                        8 Qts Synthetic oil          $36.50                                        Special BMW filter          $10.00                                        Air filter                             $24.99                                        Grand freakin total         $111.24Expression on my face :(
1	If you could leave a 0 star review for Danny's, that's what they would get -  not even one.  Maybe it's my mistake for leaving my iPOD in the back of the car, in the gym back, in the zippered pocket and in the armband, but paying $20 for a car wash and losing a few hundred dollars in stolen property...They did leave the earphones, though.  Lucky me.
2	I wont get my oil changed there anymore. I went in for a car wash and added a reasonably priced oil change thinking it save some time instead of hitting a Jiffy Lube. After 25 minutes of looking at my car through the garage bay windows, out pops a mechanic with 2 fluid sample and my cabin filter.  WTF? I'm a former hot rodder  that owned 32 Ford, 70 Vette, Z28, 69 Camaro and 454 SS pickup. I drive a Acura now. I didn't ask him to yank out the cabin filter I just installed 4 months earlier, and I just had my tranny fluid changed. He offered to recycle the fluid and change the filter NO THANKS and back off the Hard Sell. During the 25 minuted of waiting I had to witness 2 other customers have to block similar offensive sales punches. Don't go there for anything but a wash. That's all they do well.
1	Everytime I go to this place I wonder why.  Why do I pay for the VIP wash when they do no more than what you get for the basic?  I went this last weekend and my SUV literally went from vacuum to wash to interior in less than 10 minutes. Yes, you'd think that would be a good thing.  But there were literally 3 cars ahead of mine in the row it was in.  This place is based on pushing cars through, NOT cleaning them.They did nothing more than smear their cheap version of armor-all on the tires and wash the windows.  This is VIP?  What a joke.  I told the attendant (who actually spoke english!) to run it through again, this was pathetic, but he said, no I'll clean it, and he took a dirty rag out of the back of his shorts (he might as well have used his tighty-whities, they'd be cleaner) and started rubbing down the console and such.  Yeah, that's what I want.  Danny, you should be ashamed to put your name on this joke of a car wash.  And I should be double ashamed to have run my car through this place repeatedly over the years.   What am I thinking?  I'm an idiot.  Never again.
1	No shock at all on the numerous bad reviews for Danny's. I wish I would have read them before I took my car in. Why you ask? Here goes:They stole my change (probably over 15 bucks).Exterior was dripping with water and back was streaked with mud.They wrote on the car window, "basic wash" and it did not come off after the wash.If they vacuumed the interior I couldn't tell, I can tell you they didn't vacuum the floor mats, or the driver's side.They didn't wipe down the interior; there was still dust exactly where I left it.Normally I would have back to complain, but after waiting over an hour I just wanted to get F out of there. Danny's should take some lessons from Los Olivos, they do a proper car wash.1 Star is generous.
2	Convenience is about the best thing I can say about Danny's, as they are in a handy location for me and are quick. OK, the outside of my car generally looks pretty good after a wash here, but hey - it's a compact without any trim, so the average high school fundraiser car wash could achieve that... it's the inside job that always disappoints. I think they do only a cursory pass over the large surface areas inside, as the nooks, crannies, corners and edges never seem to get cleaned. Other than shining the tires, the "Works" wash gives the same results as the "Basics" wash - think twice before spending the extra bucks.
1	Wife took our vehicle in today for a wash - said she was thinking of skipping it because it looked like rain.  Hindsight that was a BIG mistake.  Arrived evening - just after 5pm.  Paid for wash that was adequate at best.  They had the drivers door open on the vehicle when she walked out - pretty normal protocol.  She got in and drove home - only to realize the interior driver's side door latch was broken.  She had to power the window down to reach and release the exterior door.  I was jammed up so she drove straight back.  Spoke to manager - Martin Mejia.  He claimed the vehicle was like that when she arrived, which begs the response she provided 'your employees saw me get out of the vehicle - i would have had to roll the window down to do that'.  He was NOT interested in taking any responsibility and said they had looked all over for her - it was 5:20 and my wife and daughter were inside the waiting area and there was only ONE other customer in the building.  None of what he said was true and when my wife looked at the cashier - who had started to speak up - the manager stared her down.  My wife said 'are you going to coax her into lying now because she knows no one came to find us as you are saying'?  Here's the reality - and yeah i watched Columbo as a kid - was after hours, the cleaning guys on the cars were rockin and rollin, blowing over the windows with big damp rags, one of the rags wrapped around the interior plastic door trigger, and some tugged hard.  End of Story.  Now i get to see if there is any integrity in the corporate office.  I'm not optimistic.
1	Go to Lindstroms on Indian School!!!!!!!!Its been 3 or 4 weeks since I last washed my car, so I took it to Danny's yesterday because the location was more convenient than Lindstroms - Trader Joes was on my to-do list.I had little mud splatters on one side of the car - somebody must have driven through a puddle while I was parked.  But I was getting the car washed for general reasons, not just because of the mud splatters, so I made the mistake of not looking closely after Danny and his Family were done washing.When I got back home, I noticed most of the little mud splatters were still there.  My first thought was "sh%t, its paint and not mud" but I scraped one with my finger and it came right off.  And there are water spots all over one window, coffee and dust in the cup holder, etc etc.So now I need to go back and argue with a manager, or pay again at Lindstroms.  I think I will pay again and go to Lindstroms - I've been a big fan ever since they got raided by the Country's Worst Sheriff:)  You get raided by Sheriff Joe, you must be doing something right.
4	I have been very happy with Danny's. They have in general done a wonderful job although I am horrified to read some of these other reviews. I have never experperienced these things. My change has always been left where it lay, except for the cupholder actually being clean. In fact I must have lost a $40 dollars in my car because when I returned to it, two twenties lay in my passenger seat. I was very happy. Yes they do try to add on things, You say no and you dont get charged. They have overlooked things like screwing my anntena back on. ( I didnt even know it could come off ). They have also not used the air freshener that I liked and payed for but these are little things and every business will make a mistake. They have always corrected it when I point it out. I would never leave expensive things in my car anyway that is asking for trouble and I will continue to give Danny's my business but I will keep an eye out in the future.
1	Uhh should have listened to yelpers! My roommate said this place was good so I went this morning and now, I'm regretting it. My car is still dirty but now I have messed up tint on my back window! I have no idea how they managed to mess up factory tint but now every time I look out my review mirror it's a reminder of how terrible this place is. When I brought this to there attention a guy with gold teeth pretended like he all of a sudden didn't speak english! I didn't have the time to try and speak with anyone else but, if I ever go back it will be to complain. The car is dirty and I'm sad. Don't do it!
3	Not bad.  Prices are fairly negotiable... especially for detail work, or more than one vehicle (the husband and I went at the same time).  They did a pretty good job cleaning up the interior of my toddler-invaded car.  Thank goodness... I thought those juice stains would be there forever!
2	I used to always take my car here years ago to get washed.  For the actual wash job, they still do a decent job at best.  I gave it two stars because the place has literally turned into a dive of a car wash place.  I get that car wash places aren't supposed to be fancy, but this place had a very nice interior, food, drinks, tons of stuff to do while you waited for your car.I took my car here a few months ago; upon walking in, i got the feeling like they were closing up shop.  I asked the lady at the counter why all the car accessories they had on the wall are gone?  She said they were remodeling..  I didn't buy it.   Nothing was there, nor had been for quite some time.  Their cushions that people could wait on were worn and tore up.  the good items they had for sale were all gone.  it now had the walmart or swapmart feeling.  So I also got an oil change, and I always hate getting my oil changed there (yet do it) because they always try and sell you tons of stuff.   I now get my oil changed at Jiffy Lube.. quick and cheap.I will never go to this place again.  It used to be great, but not anymore.  I don't recommend it really unless you are desperate.
1	DIRTY CAR EVEN AFTER MOST EXPENSIVE CARWASH. This has happened to me three times there now. Each time, I get a car wash/oil change with the most expensive wash. Each time they leave my cup-holders, parts of windshield, and inside of doors/dash DIRTY... even though I reminded them that I would like them cleaned. This last time, it really looked like they just vacuumed my car. Also, they are really too expensive for what you get. They also get mad/rude if you don't upgrade to all the things they offer you. The sales guy at the beginning got grouchy with me and literally stopped talking to me as soon as I said, "No thank you" to a filter change.
2	Going to them is evidence of my masochistic streak, I think. Or maybe I'm just a slow learner.In the 15 years or so I've used them--and I by no means get car full-service car washes frequently-- I have needed to take my car back to them several times for various reasons, or I just didn't accept it when the drying guy raised his rag and said Mali-VOO or whatever I was driving at the time. They've left china pencil marks on windows (that they put there), streaks on the finish, ashtrays full, neglected entire swaths of dashboard surface,  They also -- while doing a costly pre-sale detail job for me --managed to buff some circular patterns in to the tailgate of an F150 that then wouldn't buff-out. So I gave them one more chance this week, after having been away for 5 years. I bought the "works" wash.Result: Dust on the dash, streaks on the windows, some bird crap left on the trunk.Come on, guys. . . .  geez . . . . So I'm going to try somewhere else. Getting my car washed there is too much work for me.
1	Danny's Family Car Wash is a reminder of all that is wrong with this world.  This is nothing less than a third world car wash with all the dirty water, inattentive labor and indifference that you would expect from people that really do not want to be there.Look Danny, here it is bro.  If you don't want to run a car wash, do something else.  If I was in your family, I would be the one that does not talk to you.
3	I must be lucky.   After reading the other reviews, I must have gotten a friendly face service or something.  Actually, when I go to full service car washes I place everything in my trunk.  I just returned from a trip to Palm Springs and the Volvo had a lot of brake dust on the wheels/rims which is atypical apparently for European cars.  I ordered the middle of the road wash as my interior was not too bad, the mats needed vacuuming and the windows needed to be wiped.  I asked the Dannys team member if they could get the grime off the rims and he took his finger to check and said yeah.   I walked in  and asked the sales clerk "the drill" as I never been to Danny's before and they told me where to wait.  The wash excellent, all of the rim/wheel grime was gone and the car smelled like cinammon rolls and the interior was very clean.  I'm not sure what people expect for $15 to $20 when it comes to service, but I guess I don't set my expectations too high.  The only thing I was not thrilled with was that I did get gas after and after driving out saw I was suppose to receive a cheaper price on the gas by about 20 cents per gallon.  I suppose I was suppose to inquire on that also, oh well.  I would try this place again, but I can't say I'm loyal only to Danny's by any means.
3	Honestly I don't know why I still come here. Sometimes just out of convenience, I guess. I needed to fuel up and a car wash. Knowing they do both here and I had just been across the street, I drove over. Driving up to the pump I was approached my 2 different employees. There were 2 cars in front of me at the gas pumps in the car wash area. I waited my turn and pulled forward to the pump. The employees there were very friendly. I decided on "The Works" for $14.99 +$1 for my SUV and she gave me my invoice, which included my fuel. I went inside and paid, and saw they gave me a $2 "Ladies Day" discount. When you fuel up and get a wash you get at least a 10 cent/gallon discount. Sitting inside for a while I waited. Knowing they weren't all that busy I moved outside to watch them work on my car. When I picked it up there were still bugs on my chrome brush guard and there was still some tar that even I was able to rub off with my finger. The windows were done pretty half ass. But at least the bird poop that had been on my car for way tooo long had washed off. They are ok...but I think I will stick to Los Olivos on 3rd and McDowell.
3	Went to Danny's today for a works wash $14.99. They do a very good job, but unless you tell them to vacuum the trunk they will not.  I love the way they wash and polish the car.  However, the selling factor is over the top. First a man  came up and tried to push an oil change on me. 2 times. Then another man tried to push carpet shampooing on me,(i so don't need it). Then there was the car detailing they were pushing,( Very over priced.)  I always ask for no air freshener,  however when i got in the car it was over whelming!!  That is why i don't want it. Good car washing but, very pushy on the extras.
1	Danny's Car Wash has become synonymous for me with the words "HELL NO!"Danny's was a 5 star Car Wash 15 years ago! This place use to really have the WOW FACTOR!I liked it so much I had my vehicle dolled up here as if it came out of the factory show room several times a week... Going to Danny's was a Friday ritual before going out on the town! With the friendliest customer service & a Job #1 attitude, I use to think how I can motivate people like this! I even went to different locations, because I thought maybe the people @ the highland location think I'm a repeat customer & are going the extra mile to keep me coming back!Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is now all about the Up-sell! No Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is now all about the Pressure Up-sell! I understand this is a business & there is a bottom line, but to pressure your customers to purchase more than they intend is not up-selling, it is unscrupulous!They hit you full force the second you pull into the station! Instead of earning repeat business like they use to they are trying to up-sell you get the works, an oil change and windshield damage repair, and everything else they have to sell! When you decline all the extras they disappear as quickly as they showed up & everywhere else you get nothing but bad attitudes!  They try to rush you out of there as quickly as possible, to the point that they always miss something... I've left there several times in a rush to find the front end of my car still covered with bug marks!In the past several years I've had countless bad experiences. So bad that I go out of my way not to use a Danny's Family Car Wash!
1	I had been planning on getting a complete car detail, somewhere, and was still reading reviews on where to go, but needed a quick wash in the meantime, so I stopped by Dannys. The Dannys salesperson, Jorge, presented the complete detail package and although I explained I didn't have time to do it then the hard sale included "we'll give you 3 free quick washes you can use 1 now, and come back for the detail when you have time. The price started high, then kept rapidly dropping and including more features the more I declined. Finally came down to the "I give you good deal if you do it now, includes complete interior and exterior wash, engine clean, and more things just kept getting circled on the paperwork". Out of exhaustion, sympathy for the people waiting in line behind me, vacuum people waiting ahead of me, and really needing the detail anyway, I gave in, signed the form, gave them my credit card, used my "free" quick wash and was on my way. (average job on the wash then, btw.) Part 2- Finally scheduled and went in for my detail. Upon arrival the "greeter" promptly looked in my window, read the damn "need oil change" service reminder that's been glaring at me for a few hundred miles, and suckered me in to that service too. (whatever- convenience to me). I explained I was there for my detail, They popped the hood, Jorge (again) said I he had given me a good deal but didn't I want the engine cleaned too? I tried to remind him he had included that in the deal, but apparently since he hadn't circled it, it wasn't really included. Jorge says "I can't give that for free, you'd have to talk to the manager". When I asked for the managers name, he seemed surprised that I would actually do it, so I did. The manager "Alex", was actually quite nice, gave me the engine detail, apologized and said he told Jorge to not push the sale so hard in the future. I was told 2.5- 3 hrs and I would get a call when it was done. So 4 hrs later, I call, find out it's done. Pay for the oil change, hunt down my car and someone w/ the keys. So-overall results, looked all bright and shiny at first, but they just gooped on extra armorall on my leather seats, still had finger smudges on the interior of the sun roof, white spots where the wax had not been rubbed off, small scratches that I'm pretty sure would have come out anywhere else. The kicker was on the inside of the windshield there were 2 spots where parking permits had left a residue (one with part of the paper liner still attached) and they didn't do ANYTHING to try to remove ANY of it. I drove away, again exhausted and vowing to write my first ever negative yelp review. Sorry for the long review, but I hope it helps someone save the time, money and energy. Good Luck!
2	Hey, now they seem to have guys hustling people at the gas station for washes. Yesterday one raced out to tell me my fuel door was open, which he could somehow see from the opposite side of the car. I checked my mirror and could see he was full of . . . errr . . . mistaken. . . and waved and drove off. I saw a few other guys in red polo shirts on missions to get more people into the line for the wash using whatever means were necessary.No thanks. Wash my car for free a few times to prove you know how to do it, then maybe I come back.
1	Bad wash as usual and NO customer service. Now they expect you to do what they can do in 30 seconds (change my new license plate number in their system) - now the customer has to go online and do it. Convenient yes - but never going back!!! The good news is they get you in and out quickly, the bad news is the quality of the wash leaves little to be desired and they beat you up for everything from windshield repair to oil changes to details and so on. After many years, I have had enough!!!
4	Excellent customer service. I really needed my oil changed in time for my trip the next day and even though the service center was official closed they let me in.Got my car in and out quickly, great experience!
3	The perk of Danny's is the convenience. A car wash and oil and lube for $42 is great not to mention the time saved. However, they will try to upsell you to other services at EVERY turn so beware. The last time I had this many people trying to sell me stuff I didn't need was when I was in Egypt!$42 can easily turn into over $200. I got a car wash and oil change last week and I was first told that I had a crack in my windshield (which they could easliy replace-they later acknowledged that it was bird poop and not a crack); they also tried to upsell me on premium oil and after that air freshener (and possibly upgrade tire treatment but don't quote me on that). After they toook my vehicle to be washed, I got the call to the counter for the consultation where it was suggested that I would need to top off fluids and possibly flush my fuel injector (which I had had done a few months prior at my regular mechanic). I also notice on my receipt that there was a note that my air filter needed to be changed. This suggestion was made the last time I went to Danny's a year ago (which I subsequently had done with my regular mechanic). So beware that they WILL try to upsell you and they are a bit aggressive and persistent but not unfriendly. They will ask you open ended questions about your vehicle servicing as a means to suggest services they can sell you.Don't get me wrong, Danny's is VERY convenient is good value if you stick to your guns and I will definitely use them again.
5	I got the best, most thorough car wash at Danny's! Unlike some of the other chains, they did not try to high pressure me into upgrades. They dried out the door jams. And the windshield was streak free. I'll be back often.
2	The car wash itself is ok, but the hard core up-selling of detailing & oil changes leaves me irritated & exhausted from saying "no" several times. I don't think I can go through it again, even tho I actually like the wash itself. Too bad.
2	would not suggest you go here if you are on a tight budget i went to get just a basic wash done (exterior only) yea it turns out they require at least one special upgrade to go through so i did it because my lexus was really dirty from the dust storm and all the rain the previous day the car came out good cant complain there but come on just wanted to go in and out thats it wtf
1	Visited them today to spruce up the Tacoma. Filled up the tank and chatted with the attendant, nice guy. Truck went through the wash. While in the drying line the guy that was supposed to be drying my truck spent more time flirting with his co-worker. He barely ran the rag around door jams. When they flagged me down, I walked around the truck. I asked if they were going to actually dry it  or was that extra?  Had to get them to finish washing the spots off. The windshield is still dirty. Had to remind them to put the antenna back on.   Could understand if they were busy,  but it was slow  This place is a joke. Wonder if the owners have any quality control in mind.
1	I had a whole review written and then IE crashed and I lost it but essentially, here's the gist:Don't go to this joint. It used to be decent to good..more towards the good. Now you bring your car in dirty and it leaves dirtier after they've used dirty, damp towels to swish the dirt around.Save your money,. I'm not sure where to go unfortunately because I can't seem to find ANY decent car wash in the valley anymore, but I can tell you not to bother with any of the Danny's car washes in the valley.
2	i came here the first time when i first moved to the Biltmore and was stoked i had one of these next to my place. i got the impression from the people that work there that I'm at a car dealership. lol they try and upsell you everything they can think of. NO SIR i just want my car washed. i needed up falling for it and ended up paying $100 to have my car detailed. and to be honest it wasn't worth. yes my car came out clean but not what i was expecting for dropping $100 bucks! they left water spots, they DID NOT vacuum my truck. i had to tell them to when i looked at my car, so just inspect your ride before you hand the dude a nice lil tip. there is a guy that works in the auto service department and he hooks me up whenever i want to get my car serviced and throughs in free car washes every time i go there, which i can't complain. but get it together guys! you have high end cars getting washed there day after day. you would think it would be a little better in a area like this.
4	I have been to this location many times.  They do a very good job washing your car. However, the up sell is always over the top. They want to change your oil, detail your car, no matter what type of car wash you get they want to trump it.Enough with the up sell. Can i just get what i asked for???They have good prices, it does not take too long, and i like what they do. But, please stop alwasy trying to up sell me.
2	I had heard so many good things about this car wash, but I was disappointed. I drove away with waterspots and later noticed that the bird poop on my car hadn't been cleaned properly. Its partly my fault - I  should have checked, but when you're paying $23 for a car wash you should expect your car to be cleaned adequately.
1	This place is cheesy, cheesy "Daryl's O.K. used cars" type of feel. They have about 67 sketchy characters trying to wash your car at once, and the end result is a car with water spots? I was very upset with how poorly they handled the simple task of washing my car. The worst part of the whole thing: THEY STOLE 6 QUARTERS I HAD IN MY CUP-HOLDER!! If you are a recently paroled felon, or person who has no hope for a decent shot at a career- get a job at Danny's on E Highland Ave. I tried this because my regular car wash is closed on Sundays.. I would recommend everyone go to Hot Shots on 16th street. The management there has some integrity requirements when they hire employees.
2	Employees are friendly and helpful since this was my first time here. However, I'm writing this review as I'm so bored after waiting for over an hour for my car to be washed and serviced. I will finish this when I get my car back!So I just ended up going inside to check on my car, and it has been done for who knows how long. The guy who originally took my car said he would call me when it was done. Obviously that didn't happen since my car was finished and I was waiting for nothing. I read the other reviews while I waited, an they weren't very good. Hmm...I'm not swearing this place off some I live down the street, but I will definitely be more prepared. Remember: watch for your car, don't get huddled to fix scratches on your car, go on Tues, Wed, Thur for an oil change---you get a free wash.
1	Customer service inside was decent...the people outside though weren't as nice. After my car was washed, they let it roll in neutral nearly hitting a wall. Guess they didn't realize it's a manual transmission. So after some guy jumping in and slamming on the brakes, he took it to start drying it off. As he was driving it to the drying area, he started driving it hard.  After drying it off, another guy got in to park it. He was driving my car hard like a race car...just like the young man before him. I told him that I'd appreciate it if he didn't drive my car or any other customer's cars like that. He looked at me with a smirk and pretended like he didn't speak English. They obviously have no respect for other people's personal vehicles or opinions.
1	I have been a customer for many years. I ALWAYS get the VIP carwash. The VIP carwash includes WASHING THE CAR, correct?  And the windows, and vacuuming the inside of the car? And cleaning off the door and window sills? The last two times I have been at the Highland Avenue location I have had poor service. Today was (again) a poor experience. Even after specifically asking that they clean the bugs off the front end (assuming they would do the rest of car without being asked) I still had to ask (again) at the end to please wipe off the bugs.  Last time the car did not even looked like it had been washed.  Just the top/superficial dirt was removed. The attitude of the workers is that they are doing me a big favour by wiping off my car - and I always tip when they are finished so it's not like I am being overly picky. Additionally - when you have three or four workers all speaking Spanish and all of them looking at me, snickering, pointing at the car and then looking at me, laughing and the young lady actually rolling her eyes; well being rude to the customer and not making me feel welcome when the car was not clean is inexcusable.It was just after 8:45 this morning that I was there.  You were NOT busy - there was not a big line and you had plenty of workers in the finishing area.  Seems like 4 or 5 guys were quite happy to work on shining up a large white Humvee that was there for over 30 minutes while the (less than) 10 minutes spent on my Mariner was half-hearted and sloppy. The mirror inside was dirty and pushed all the way to one side - I thought the idea was to put the mirror back in an approximation of where it was when the customer gets back in? Both seats in front were moved and the passenger seat was wet. The center console area had not even been cursorily wiped, and the areas inside all the door and windows was filthy and looked to have never even been touched,.  This is the same sloppy work the last time I was there.I have had to ask a couple of times in the past to get the car wiped down better -- 18 dollars and I cannot even get a clean car? Lately there seems to be no one outside managing the lines or workers. I pull in -- no one bothers to look up or point me to the lane they want me in.  Someone else pulls up after me and they get waved into another lane and serviced before me. I specifically ask that the front end is wiped down and all the bugs are removed. The young man checking me in assures me this will be done and he writes a note on the window. I do not stand out there and watch every move they make - I assume the car will get vacuumed out and then sent through.So today:Front end is filthy after wash and I have to ask AGAIN that they clean itRude and disrespectful employees laughing at me is not a good way to do businessThe center console has not been wiped and still has dirt in it from when I pulled in. The passenger seat is wet.The inside of all the doors sills and windows sills are filthy and have not been touched at allThe water dripping down from the door seams and from around the back window streak up the finish by the time I pull across the street to Trader Joe's. I saw them happily blowing all the water out from the Humvee - I guess no one bothered to do mine.  I should not have to go back AGAIN and spend another 30-45 minutes waiting for them to wash it right. They should do it the first time without me having to ask specifically.  Especially for 18 dollars.I am extremely unhappy. I have tried to contact the management.  Let's see if anyone cares enough to email or call me back. Otherwise - do not go here. EVER.
1	Let's use the power of Social Media to inform people about Danny's Carwash at 83rd Ave & W. Bell Road.....Please share my bad experience with your contact list. Bell Road has the worst customer service ever. After forgetting 4 things I paid for and only addressing 1, I was told by the GM Tim B.-H., that he was sure that I put grease on my windshield so I could complain and request a refund. I was there just 8/25/2012, around noon with my 20 month old grandson around noon and if you have toddlers I'm sure you know that hanging around a carwash in the heat of the day ...when he just wants to take a nap is not my idea of fun. When I asked him to at least fix the windshield his reply was.... he would but it was going to take him quite a while to get it fixed. When I went to the counter to ask for the phone number to corporate, he advise them not to share any phone numbers or names etc..... with me. I then proceeded to ask one of the workers to please just get the grease ...off my windshield...he tried but was stopped by Mr. Tim B.-H., and instructed not to help me. Danny's car was has had huge financial issue recently and I have still been a faithfull customer for the past 10 yeas, but obviously this will now change. The best part of the story is when I did call corporate this morning I was instructed by Corey who answered the phone... that all issues must be resolved at the location in which you had the problem....He would not let me speak to anyone at the corporate level and told me not to even try cause he would make sure I didn't get to speak with anyone in the corporate office.  Later I called back and Corey did give me an email address.   So anyone out there know a good carwash in the NW Valley? Thanks, April Blair Childs-Brossman
2	It takes a long time, it is expensive and my car is STILL dirty--even though it wasn't actually that bad to begin with. This has now happened three times, so I think I'm done with Danny's.
1	Called to make an appointment for a "Complete" car wash and was quoted a price.  When I arrived, the price doubled.  The salesman thought it was really funny.  The manager backed him.  I used to be a regular customer (four cars!) for many years.  Time to move onto another car wash company.
4	I have to say I've always had pretty decent washes from this location, regardless of the other posts I have seen.  Detail service is overpriced for the attention of detail...but the washes are good to me.
2	They do a good job for a full service car wash but I hate all the upselling. I don't really care that you will sell me a full-on detailing for half the normal price because at $150 that's not all that much different than what I could pay elsewhere. Once in a while I'm willing to come in and spend $20+ for a full service wash that not only gets the exterior, but also includes vacuuming and cleaning of the interior. But with all the high pressure sales I'm always reminded why I prefer to go to the self-serve places that only cost me between $5-7.I'll probably be back at some point, but definitely not on a regular basis.. and sorry dude, I'm not spending that much to have my car detailed.
1	I frequented this establishment years ago, however the quality began to lapse so I moved on. I picked up a groupon a few weeks ago to give them another try.  Well even at the discount it was not worth it.  The service is still lackluster, the quality of the work leaves much to be desired.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
1	I reviewed these idiots back in July and filed a Better Business Bureau complaint against them.  The empty platitudes from Heather at Danny's corporate that they do a great job for a good price ... Really?  20+ dollars for a VIP wash and the back is not vacuumed, the windows are streaky, there are still bugs all over the grill and hood?  Offering me a "free" crappy carwash  or try and intimidate me when I point out the car is not clean is no offer at all.  I do not feel safe patronising this business at this location.  Maybe someone has had good service from another location but stay away from this one.I actually never expected to get a refund as these folks have over and over demonstrated they DO NOT CARE when you attempt to bring something to their attention. They have the worst customer service I think I have ever experienced anywhere and getting your car washed there is a complete waste of time and money.  They do a crappy job, and you may get items stolen from your car or something broken on your vehicle and they will say it's not their fault.Los Olivos Car Wash charges 20 dollars for a hand washed car that is immaculate and the staff is pleasant, friendly and honest. Go to Los Olivos and see for yourself.  You will never settle for the inferior work and service at Danny's ever again.I will post my most scathing review of this horrible business everywhere I can.  Someone will see it and Danny's will NOT get the business of another unsuspecting fool like me.Read the other reviews on this place.  It's stay away or you are throwing your money away plus you'll get intimidated or insulted for your trouble.
4	I keep coming here in bits and pieces. I have to say they have really improved with their pushiness on service. It is much better than it used to be.They are really doing a good job on the car washes again ,like they used to.It is a great location and they do still give you one free after so many car washes.They are charging a lot for gas these days I also noticed. They have the little mini store inside full of items you really do not want but, you think you do. They do still have that really great Salt Water fish tank, which is always a nice thing to see.I do like to have a clean ride for the holiday and they did really come through with that.
1	I went to Danny's this weekend to get an oil change and car wash and I paid for a VIP car wash.   After picking up my car I was disappointed that there was still dirt on my car floor.  I later noticed that money I had in my car for parking was missing.  I'm highly upset that I paid for these services, tipped the staff, and had my property stolen.  I've been going to Danny's on and off for years as they are close to my home but I will never frequent their establishment again.
1	This place is horrible. So, so horrible. Please don't get your car washed here! This is a quick and convenient car wash for me, and I am just so over it. I will make the hike to Los Olivos, because Danny's is just awful. They don't vacuum the back of the car, wipe off my door handles, wipe down the cup holders. Nothing. They mess with all of my seats, don't fix the door mats, then give me a dirty look when I don't tip them. What do they expect?
1	I've been buying gas, details and car washes at various Danny's for 7 years while putting up with their never ending requests to fix my windsheld every time I go in.  Today was the first time that I needed to ask for a raincheck car wash after getting one last Saturday right before the duststorm.Apparently you have to go in 72 hours after your car wash, NOT get rained on within 72 hours, which effectively makes the guarantee useless. Its been impossible to get in all week.After all the money I've spent with them, which they clearly track via license plate, it was a big let down from a customer loyalty standpoint, enough to the point that I doubt I'll go back.
2	I've gone to this location before several times and was satisfied with customer service and how my car looked every time; however, today was different.  I went in to get a regular car wash and vacuum, but was talked into getting a full car detail.  Which in actuality I was fine with since my car was in need of some tlc.  When I asked how long it would take to be done I was told 45 minutes to an hour.  I paid the cashier at 2:28.  At 3:30 I started to get antsy and at 4:35 when my car still was not done I was so over it.  My car was finally done at 4:45.  The car looked great and they really put in work on it, but if you're going to tell a customer that a service will be done by a certain time it should be done by a certain time.  When I explained my issue to employees one said "that sucks" and the other said that they shouldn't have quoted that time, but there was no effort made to try to make up for my experience.  Not even an apology.  Even a little sympathy would have been nice.
4	Groupon is running a package deal - $25 for three car washes. I was hesitant to purchase based on the reviews, but my curiosity got the best of me.Upon completion:- my car came back in one piece- no one stole anything- the car came back clean- got a free oil change- smells like fresh pine breeze (mmmm!)- service guys didn't have an attitude or try to upsellSo, I don't know if I just got lucky... or if everyone is a bit dramatic when it comes to their car washes. 4 stars and a repeat customer.
2	I used to be a huge Danny's fan, but lately they have really gone downhill.  The quality of the washes have gone down but what is more concerning is the behavior of the workers in the carwash finish area.  The men whistle when an attractive woman exits the cashier building, they are screaming at each other (joking with each other) at the top of their lungs in spanish, and shout out the tip amount that the customer gives them in spanish (ex: uno, dos, nada).  Bad, bad stuff.....hope managemnt reads this and makes changes.
5	I got to Danny's on HIghland at 9am on a Saturday in February 2013, and they were already super busy. If you are crunched for time don't go to Danny's. It's like going to Walmart: it's a time warp. I wanted  a wash and detail. I figured I'd spend about $50-$75. However, the salesman suggested I get my yellowed, hazy headlight housing cleaned up (which is desperately needed); exterior wash; wax; interior shampoo; and detailing both inside and out. He said that getting the works all at once would be more cost effective for everyone than paying for everything a la carte. According to their advertised pricing, that's accurate. Then he gave me a discount on this package. I then asked him how much this deal would cost me. He replied $250. My jaw hit the parking lot. Yikes! I'd gotten the same quote from TOYOTA for the same service sans headlights. I honestly figured Danny's would be cheaper since it's an assembly line and not a Toyota dealership. I was wrong. I guess customers are paying for convenience since Toyota told me I'd have to drop it off early in the morning for all dang day and come back late afternoon or evening for pick-up. That was without the headlights figure din. Then I asked how long it would take. The estimate was 3 hours. "Well, choot," I thought. "When will I ever get a full exterior & interior detail with headlight housing restoration?" So, I did it. I broke down and signed away $250 for the works--which included, without my full blessing, cleaning under the hood. My car hadn't been cleaned in 17 months and it sure needed it. The 3 hour estimate was accurate and I simply walked across the street to the shopping plaza to entertain myself with window shopping and an early lunch. When Danny's called my cell, I walked over and paid. Unfortunately, you can't leave a tip on the card and I had no cash for the attendant. I don't even know how many people worked on my car -or- if it was just one person hustling for the tip. ???????? My only complaint is that the tree sap on my car never came off. In my experience, you have to use rubbing alcohol to get the crap off even though it is supposedly bad for your paint. I wish I had removed the sap myself BEFORE going to Danny's but, if you recall, I was only preparing for a simple wash and detail. I definitely got up-sold but my car needed it, and I consented, so I can't complain. My car looked and smelled so much better when I left. It's been 3 months and it still looks great.
2	My car was neatly clean so I have to say overall I was impressed this time. I keep my faith in location because it is near my home. Though it is hit or miss sometimes. Lately I have to say they have been doing a much better job overall.Pros:Clean CarFast ServiceReasonable pricingThey offer student discountsHave a customer program for repeat customersCons:Upselling is out of control
1	Major suck.I have been here 3 times with three separate vehicles. I think "Hey? Why not try again?"Every time I get my car washed here I feel like they always forget something: the very bottom of your front and rear bumpers, the water that dripped from your liftgate onto the bumper, anything on the windshield that isn't dust......I could go on and on, but my point is that they don't seem to care, they just want their tip and you leave. I feel bad so I tip, as it's hot and I sure as hell ain't doing the job.Go somewhere where your car actually comes out clean though.
2	If you never trusted a review today I share my opinion of my disappointing visit,well today I must say this place DIDN'T do right be me. I feel if your paying 79.00 for detail. Detail it,  you spent more energy selling me the sh#*,then detail the sh#* out if it. they have enough men there. Why so sloppy. I swear my lazy azz could have done better. I took it back pointed out the obvious,still no satisfaction. Don't waste your time here for a detail. This place dont know the  meaning of that word. Get your wash and move on.
1	It's my own fault for coming back to this raper. Typical story, went in for an oil change/car wash after recently having my car at a mechanics who assured me all my fluids were good. I could barely understand the mumbler that told me I needed brake fluid, transmission fluid, air filter, and some other filter. No thanks. Just the oil.He came back with a bill for $98?? He charged me for gas. I didn't get gas. It took 20 minutes to get it sorted out. I was there almost two hours. Car wasn't clean. (Do they really vacuum?!!!)Will I ever learn?
1	This is one of those places you want to give negative stars to--that's really all you need to glean from this review. Are you a lady who hasn't had her fill of being talked down to or hit on by sleazy dudes today? Do you need an oil change but really can't be bothered to find out how much it will cost? Do you like overpaying for a carwash whose end result you could have paid $3 at Clean Freak to achieve? Well, sounds like you want to go to visit the total clowns at Danny's. I went here once about a year ago for an oil change and car wash. It took over an hour and I was really annoyed by the clumsy, gross flirting from the guy and that he forgot to give me the free car wash that came with it and how long it took them to give it to me when I pointed out that I was owed one. Don't make my mistake and go back because they happened to by close to your work and open when all other options were closed and you really need an oil change. First, I pulled up and waited five minutes for someone to make eye contact so I can figure out what bay to pull up to for an oil change. Seriously, if I'm not supposed to pull up to where the signs say OIL CHANGE to get one then get a sign to tell me where else to go to arrange this. Finally, I'm approached by some guy who stared at my cleavage the whole time he gave me the runaround of what costs what. Oh, you want me to pay $10 so that you CHECK--not act upon--the fluid levels in my car and check the tire pressure? Is this ridiculous upcharge only for ladies who you assume to be total dummies or are you an equal opportunity rip-off artist? After about five minutes of conversation, I still have no idea what an oil change costs there, only what extra fees they'd like to charge me for stuff that should be free and I'm pretty sure the employee doesn't either because he wants to be paid under the table. He told me he'd do a full service oil change if I just left $20 in the car. Like, don't exchange money with him out in the open, but leave it in the car, like he's an oil change hooker and I'm the john. I'm assuming your employer isn't keen on you not paying taxes, dude, but thanks for the offer?I never followed up with these guys to figure out why the employee would tell me that it's $31.95 if I pay inside and $20 if I pay him by just leaving money in the car because I'd rather just stay away from these guys. I got in the car and closed the door on the employee while he was still trying to give me the hard sell because he wouldn't take no for an answer, which is every woman's dream, isn't it?Oh, and the car wash I got last year with the oil change sucked, too. There's nothing to make a girl feel more self conscious about her reliable yet boring Toyota like watching her car get ignored and left with water spots drying on it while all the guys working gather around to take pictures of themselves cleaning a Lamborghini.
4	I'm a fan of Danny's Car Wash. I use to get 50% off of car washes being that I was an ASU employee, but apparently the corporate deal for all businesses ended in 2012. I don't usually get a car wash unless I'm getting a deal so don't forget to check the websites for $4 off coupons. They do a good job, except if you want your trunk vacuum, you have to tell them or pop the trunk so they get the message. My car is always cleaned perfectly and the service is fast. Definitely we keep coming here especially since it's less than a mile from my house. The only thing that I hate is that they always try to sell you gas, an oil change or some detailing. Just say no and they usually leave you alone.
1	Very scary and shady vibe. As a woman, I will never come back here. A lot of standing around and staring at customers.  I felt extremely uncomfortable.
2	Let me add on to the pile of bad reviews. First they need to back off on the up selling and the outrageous prices. 25 bucks for a 12 dollar air filter that is still mostly white? They try to sucker the uneducated with their "ill cut you a deal and do it for $xx." No thanks. Car was poorly cleaned and vacuum job was miserable. Only nice part was that my trip was quick and the inside of the building is AC controlled.
1	Be sure to ask if your car is ready yet. They forget to announce it sometimes and leave you in the lobby waiting for Christmas.
1	BEWARE!  Had a full detail done inside and out. Then go back about a month later for just a wash. The guy was annoyed that I wouldn't buy extra services (even though I explained it was all done the previous month) Left my car, went in to pay and wait on other side for my car. Since my car was second in line for the wash I thought it strange that I had seen a minimum of eight cars come out and mine not one of them. I walk back to the beginning to see what they did with my car and sure thing there were another four cars in front of it! They must have had to do a lot of car jockeying to get it behind the next dozen or so that came in after me.When brought to their attention they totally don't care or listen to what is going on. Very defensive and unbelieving this could ever happen. As we all know (should know) what goes around comes around and Karma will get you every time. They made the headlines tonight.  They are being served warrants for search and arrest of many with the business by the FEDS. GOT TO LOVE IT !!!!!!!
4	I have always had a pretty good experience at Danny's. They are a pretty well-oiled machine. I was a little nervous after the raid that things would have changed but it wasn't bad! I was in and out in 10minutes. I liked that I was able to tip the guys that actually worked on my car. My only recommendation is to be patient, Danny's probably had to turn over their entire workforce so it might take some time for them to get up to speed!
2	This new group of employees doing the drying might have all the proper paperwork but they don't have professionalism! 1 guy seems to be the loud mouth ring leader, even refused to help another employee asking for assistance cause "it's his cousin and he can say that". That vehicle had to be run through the car wash because it waited too long.
1	I will never be going back.  Its too bad, years ago this was a pretty good place.  recently I got a Groupon 3-pack. 2 of 3 times, my car was not cleaned well.  There were spots and when I pointed it out, the guy told me it was because I didn't add on the wax!!! The 3rd trip was the kicker...i decided to add wax just to see whether they actually cleaned the car.  It took about 40-50 minutes(!), didn't look like they had done anything different... And when I got home, I realized they had stolen my iPod from my car!!!  On a previous trip, they stole my husbands phone charger.DO NOT GO HERE! They will rob you and then give you back a dirty car!
1	This place is so slow. I got the express wash at 11am on a weekday and waited 40+ minutes for my car to be done. Wtf. Oh and now you must need a face or neck tattoo to work here. I didn't know if they were washing/drying my car, or figuring out how to steal it later. I'm not coming back here. It's not worth $5 to waste almost 45 minutes of my lunch hour.----I just got back to work from the place, and I noticed that 1/2 of my change/quarter pouch and all of my gum was gone. What the hell. My $5 car wash just became a $15 car wash. I called and complained, but what is it going to accomplish. Never again. I'm over this place.
1	There is definitely a reason why this place gets such bad reviews. I thought it would be quick and convenient to stop in for an oil change. They up sold me on the more expensive fluid topper and "free" car wash for $35. After finally getting my car I sat down to drive off and I see is a completely dirty floor mat on the driver side. I pointed it out to the guy that gave me my keys and he said "yeah that's still dirty, should I take it back and have it redone?" Uh, yes, please. My windshield is still dirty on the inside and out, and the back windshield has water spots all over it! I'm tempted to take it to Jiffy Lube to have them check the fluids to see if they even topped them off. There was an attitude of less than mediocre at this place.  Unfortunately, I don't care how close you are to my house, Danny's, I won't be back.
1	Arrived there at 3:48PM today.  Had the VIP done with some detailing and was told it should take around 45 minutes.  Left there at 5:52PM.  They did a good job with the actual cleaning of the vehicle but being grossly mislead on the turn around time was inexcusable and enough to prevent me from coming back or recommending the company to anyone.
1	Seriously Danny's. I just left, you washed my car just fine but why in the world can you not open the back hatch and vacuum!  This is the second time it's happened. Shame on me for going back. I will be calling management to complain as well. This is crazy that you have to inspect everything before you leave. I'd rather go to Francis and Sons on 7th St even though it takes twice as long. As least I know everything will be cleaned
1	The second I saw the guy eying my windshield I regretted my decision to go here. Before he could say anything, I nicely said "Hi - I don't need that fixed, Thanks!" and then he waited for me by the door to argue with me about it. Not helping your cause dude. These guys are also the "up-selling KINGS." No thank you, I am not going to pay you $49.99 for a filter I can get at Auto Zone for $15. And that was only ONE of at least seven things they tried to up-sell me on. I am guessing I was also being quoted special "dumb girl" pricing.I finally get my car back, get inside and leave. When I got back to work I realized that my floor mats were actually DIRTIER than when I brought it in and they barely wiped anything down. There was a screw laying there from where they took my cabin filter out to try and up-sell me, so they didn't even put it back in right. The vacuum job was shabby at best and my windows were still dirty. There are water spots everywhere.Now, I actually feel the need to take my car somewhere else to be checked to make sure they actually changed the oil. Needless to say, I won't be returning to this Danny's, or any Danny's for that matter. They have really gone downhill over the last few years.
2	My husband took my car here for a basic full service oil change for $32.99, but apparently that doesn't include the oil (an extra $3) or a filter (an extra $5) so really a full service oil change is 40.99 if you want oil and an oil filter included in that oil change.  For that price I could have gone to a real lube joint and gotten good, synthetic stuff.Oh, and the Works Car Wash didn't include vacuuming out the handful of crushed pretzels that my toddler had deposited in the door handle of the backseat.  How on Earth did their employees miss that??  Or maybe vacuuming out ALL of the stuff in the car is extra?  Yep, that must be it.  My husband just wasn't approached by the standard pushy employee selling the 'extra' service of having ALL of the debris and crumbs vacuumed out of the car...I think we're done with Danny's.  The pushy upsell and then overpriced, crappy results seems to be a recurring theme with them.
1	I paid $20 for a crappy car wash. When I went to get in my car, the floor mats still had leaves on them, I paid extra to wipe down the doors and inside of the car and there were still marks all over the back trunk area from my dogs. The windows weren't wiped down because the writing from the type of wash I was getting was still completely legible and lastly, the back window was still covered with nose marks. I definitely won't be going back.
1	Decent wash, sloppy dry. They had my car for 1hr 40min and still did not manage to find time to dry the car nor finish wiping down the inside. I don't know if they don't have enough employees or the employees they do have just don't care but, they took my money and delivered a piss poor product and did so in an extremely lengthy fashion. Will not be returning to this rip off spot again.
1	Negative experience overall. The place made me feel uncomfortable. I brought my new pre-owned baby (a 2012 bright red VW) to get her first wash here, thinking it was the ultimate deluxe treatment. I was so wrong. I didn't count exactly, but from start to finish I think there were 6 people who drove my car, and they didn't drive it with care or regard, and their clothes seemed dirty. They were tapping the brakes too hard and making me uncomfortable just watching them drive it. When you drive up, it is entirely unclear where to go. As a first-timer, I had no clue. A lazy guy in a Danny's uniform pointed for us to get in one lane, and then pointed to another lane, which was confusing. Then he came to the window and tried to upsell us on getting our car detailed and buffed, saying it would "return it to new". Buddy, it's a new car - it was washed a month ago at the dealership. When my husband politely said no, he seemed mad. We chose the VIP wash for $20 and from there it was a waiting game until our car was in the front of the giant blob that they call a line. In my opinion, it took a long time. I took my shopping bag inside with me, thank goodness I did because apparently there's been a lot of robberies there. After a short time through the tunnel and a half-assed rubdown from about 5 different thug-looking guys, the car was "done". Yes, the bird poop was off the windshield, but the ultimate telltale sign was there was still a  Starbucks straw wrapper in the front console that they didn't even touch. The interior detailing promised in the "VIP Wash" was a joke.I'm highly disappointed. My car seemed worse off than it did when it went in. Next time I will go to Los Olivos. Even a Clean Freak $3 wash would be far superior to the yuckiness we experienced here.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THESE RIP-OFF ARTIST.  I moved here within the last year and don't know many mechanics in town.  I have always relayed on my brother who is a mechanic at Mazda to service my Mazda for me.  Before moving here my brother did complete check of my car including changing the transmission fluid at 65,000 miles.  I have taken my car to several places to get the oil changed.  Today I needed to have it done again and thought I would go at lunch by work.  I went online and visited their website and even printed a coupon for a complete oil change for $28.99. No hidden cost or shop fees the coupon said.  When I arrived my car was put in line for service. Approximately 45 minutes later a tech can in to tell me that my transmission fluid need to be changed or it was going to burn up.  When I told him I had it done at 65,000 mile at Mazda, the car only has 79,000 miles now, he said that they lied to me and I should go back and get my money back.  Now who should I believe, my brother of 51 years or this 23 year old kid I just met.  I told him that I would take care of the problem myself and he said again, "it better be soon, this car might not make it much longer."  When I went to pay expecting my bill to be around $30.00 with tax but was informed that it was $35.48.  When I asked the cashier why, she told me that the oil filter is not included in the oil change.  Who does a oil change without changing the filter?  I asked to speak with the manager he was not available.  When I told the tech that I would just pay the bill and not come here again and YELP their business, he said "DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO."  So buyer beware of this place, they will rip you off when ever they can.
1	The worts place for service on your car they stole my wallet even though was hidden in the glove compartment. They hired criminals and illegals    to work for them I will suggest to never go to there isn't safe
1	Here is what I can legally say:My brand new truck went in with flawless factory chrome wheels.  My brand new truck came out with a chunk taken out of the factory chrome wheels.Also, they didn't dry the thing - I had the attendant come back twice to dry it but gave up with water spots on my car.The manager, Andy, will most likely raise his voice to you and deny responsibility for the damage you receive, if he treats you the way he treated me.I have been going to this car wash for years, and it has usually been nearly flawless.  Now the one time something bad happens for me there, they stand behind their "flawless reputation" and, in the words of their manager Andy, they are perfect and all the others who have said they damaged their vehicles are wrong... Strange.I am waiting for the general managers response.
1	I went there less than an hour ago- they are lucky I didn't go to a manager. I'm sitting there waiting to be called, and after 45 minutes I went out to find my car. Turns out they never called me and had parked my car in the parking lot. Took too long to track down my keys, and then the guy follows over pretty much wanting the "tip". I look at my car and there's spots everywhere, the paint is scratched all over and it was obvious they hadn't bothered to get the soap off, vacuum properly, or even clean at all. Wiped my hand over the dash and came back with more dust than I had gone in with!!Overall, if I could give even less stars they would get it. Absolutely terrible!
1	I used to frequent this location - I think I'm pretty much done.I guess now that the illegals who actually took pride in their work and had a spring in their step are gone, it truly is "bottom of the barrel" employment.Look, I have tattoos. I date men with tattoos and piercings. Some of the people I love the most in this world have significant alterations. However - creepy dude with the craptastic jailhouse tattoos covering a good portion of his face as one of the first employees I interact with? No thanks.Everyone looking miserable, as though they hate what they're doing and move at snail's pace to do it? No thanks.And I've seen the sign for years that there's an upcharge for "large" vehicles. And when I had the Infinity QX4 for many years, I was never charged. (I figured it was for Suburbans and Expeditions and the like.) Well, I now have a Nissan Rogue. Which is smaller than my QX4 was. And l was charged for the oversize vehicle.Mediocre at best wash done by creepy people who take no pride in the job they do that I get overcharged for?No thanks! I'm done.
1	After being raided several times by Arpaio's posse, apparently Arpaio started hooking them up with tent city work furlough workers. I made a huge mistake of getting my oil changed there. Halfway into the change I asked them if they replace the oil filter (I shouldn't have assumed), he said no, but he JUST MIGHT have a matching oil filter that he could install for $30 bucks. What? He then tries to upsell me on an air filter, saying oil filter and air filter costs $150, but for me he'd do it for $100. I have no doubt in my mind this guy was going to try and pocket the cash.Avoid this place like the plague.
1	Only reason I come here is because I get $5 off the total before 9am on Sunday. This recent experience, they forgot to clean the dashboard (dust, dust and more dust) and I almost drove off with the marker of my wash on my windshield?! Those are the two most important parts to clean after a car wash!!!!If I didn't need to come here, I wouldn't. Plain and simple.
1	Damnit! They did it to me again!  I drive in for a simple car wash and end up with more dings on my fenders than Armor All on my tires!  When I brought it up, they dragged nearly every employee on the premises over to my car to take a look. Then one by one they all got Idiot's Amnesia.  Even the bonehead who I watched drive my car up to the conveyor denied he was even in my car! As I stood there pointing out the fresh scratches with the paint color that perfectly matched the jagged block wall of their drive path, they all went dumb!My first experience with this type of senseless customer service at Danny's was a few years back. A manager was pulling my car up to the drying area at a high rate of speed, and I actually watched him sideswipe another vehicle with my car. When I confronted him, and pointed out the fresh patch of rubber rash on my fender from the hit, he denied it...and guess what? He suddenly got that exact same case of Danny's Family Carwash Idiot's Amnesia. Luckily for me I was able to get the rubber patch off so I didn't need to follow up. After a recent statewide bust for hiring illegal workers -- TWICE -- you'd figure these morons at Danny's would be a little more willing to curb their bad behaviors and be a lot more customer centric. When Danny's Dysfunctional Family Carwash starts offering body and fender repair services along with their mediocre car washes... customers beware!
1	Terrible this will be their final chance, after an hour half they forgot to vacuum the back!! There was trash under the seats, windows had streaks . The exterior had dried water spots . R u kidding me ??!
3	I have mixed feelings. I had a better experience than most reviewers.I also understand where the negative reviews are coming from. I planned to go in just to get a car wash. When I said all I wanted was a wash, they immediately tried to upsell me on getting an oil change and/or detail work. I said I just wanted a wash, and they replied that they could get me a really good deal to get detail work so I said I would consider it (especially since my car really could use it). Immediately they had someone else come by my window to talk about their detail specials. The prices they first quoted seemed pretty average, but eventually they did give me a very good deal for a wash, seats, floor, and mats.Pros:*Great price*Free extras (they seemed to clean a lot more than I paid for, including virtually all the interior)*Thorough clean (they managed to get rid of many of the set-in stains).*Nothing stolen (they did move some items to the glove compartment but all there; I only say this because of the negative experiences of others)Cons:*Long wait (2.5 hours)*A very small part of the material on the roof seemed to get detached as they were cleaning (probably rubbing the edges of the roof too fast)*Staff is very unprofessional so I understand what others are saying.  They left a cigarette and lighter in my car. A lot of the employees are all tatted up.  As soon as I went out to pick up my car, I heard A LOT of profanity.  They also seem to go full speed when driving other people's cars around so it doesn't surprise me that other people have seen dings and dents after taking their car here. Overall, I was happy with the work they did - very very clean. That being said, my car is old so I was willing to give Danny's a chance. I would never take a recently purchased car to this place for the reasons above and what others have said.
1	Won't be back...these guys stole all my Change out of my console...generally you expect random coins in the cup holders to be taken...but they went into a closed console and stole an entire change holder...don't give these guys your business!!!
1	LAZY, UNPROFESSIONAL AND DOWNRIGHT RUDE. Three best words to explain what a horrific experience I had at this Danny's for the first (and most definitely last) time this last Tuesday. I had just gotten my car back from the shop and decided to get a full interior detail done. I live right off 16th and highland so it was a convenient choice. Well boy was I the fool to think 80 bucks would get me a somewhat decently clean car....to my shock it was actually WORSE then before I went in and wasted my money. They actually took a small contained coffee stain in the back seat and somehow spread the stain all over my cloth seats, w/ some of the stain moved onto the front passenger seat!! It was like they actually used the stain water to clean the entire car. There was a huge soap stain on the interior windshield, spilled sticky soda stains UNTOUCHED in the drink consul and on top of all of that, they soaped up my tires randomly (I didn't even buy an exterior wash) which irritated me as I pointed out to one idiot who remarked, "oh it's to make them look shiny" with an imbecile grin. HELLOO!!! Why not focus on the interior and actually get it done RIGHT?!? Utterly pathetic. I am still angry w/ myself for wasting my hard earned money to this joke of a business. I was so upset I took it back and the men who worked on my car the first time were all there and just stared at me with the rudest glares. Had the guy w/ the tattoos all over his head and face redo it, who actually did a little better. It's amazing this place is still in business let alone always so busy when I drive by, must be all new-timers about to be screwed out of their money...80 dollars down the drain, for a job my two year old daughter could have done better. The raids shouldn't have stopped with the illegals, should have arrested all of the LAZY WORKERS AND STAFF AS WELL!!
1	The treatment I endured here was so atrocious it made me activate a Yelp account. I initially came in for a prepaid interior exterior detail package that included a wax. Upon my arrival I agreed to a polish add on/upsell. After retrieving my vehicle  I quickly observed that no detailing had occurred whatsoever;  the inside was still dusty, dirty and there were water stains in my passenger seat. Something shampooing the seats and carpets would have easily removed. It was then that I realized that  what I had originally paid for was not done, only the upsell job. Even that was hard to confirm since they parked my black car across the street under a tree that left it with a coat of green pollen powder all over it. I asked for a manager, Danny, who offered me two free washes and to actually detail the car when I could make it back. I declined the courtesy washes and brought my vehicle back later in the week to be completed. This time when I picked up the car, it was under one of their carports in the detailing area. A staff member gave me my keys with the interior floors and seats wet to the touch. Why would you shut the doors to a car with no way for it to ventilate when the interior is still wet? The mats?  They were wet as well on top of each other locked in the trunk. Why not put them in a dryer? Again, this made no sense. Then, to top it off I noticed that both my Armor All and Meguiar detailing wipes as well as the Ozium I put UNDER my seat were missing. These items were not trash, they were barely used. There was still dirt debris and leaves under my driver seat but they had time to steal my car care products. What a joke! I again asked for a manager to voice my frustration and in return a towel boy came out asking do I still need help with my windows. I ended up just leaving in  utter disgust coupled with shock that places like this really exist. I have encouraged all of my friends, family and co-workers to never, ever give any Danny's location their business. I would implore you to do the same.
5	I've been here countless times and the service is always above par. A quality wash on a full size truck in under 30 min, for 20 bucks!
1	I've never before left a negative review for a business, but the experience was bad enough to sign up for a yelp account. I went in for a car wash, agreed to a wax for an additional $20 because it was on sale, but when I got my car back (an hour later) it had not been washed. There were spots on the outside of the car. The interior had not been cleaned at all and when I brought it to their attention, I was told that the " VIP wash" that accompanied the wax only included the vacuuming of the floor matts. If I wanted the dash dusted or the cup holders wiped down or the windows cleaned, I should have purchased the $50 detailing. So $42 later, I have a slightly less dirty car on the outside and vacuumed floor mats, but not much else to show for it. I wish I had read all the other bad reviews here before I gave them my business. It was clear to me that this business has very little regard for its customers.
1	I've been going to Danny's for years. I would take one car, fill it up, get the Works wash and go back for the 2nd car, at least weekly. Have always been pleased with the finished product and thought it was a good value. The employees were top-notch; Friendly, efficient, had a passion for their jobs. In the last 6-9 months there has been a dramatic change...zombies for employees, the service is very slow, crappy job on the cars. Sorry Danny, you have lost a loyal, formerly happy customer. Now I need to find a new place!
1	this location of Danny's is slow and they do a poor job . lack of attention to Detail. On 2 occasions I was there for over 50 minutes and had to walk out and get the car before they were done as I had to go or be late for a appointment. This was for just a standard VIP wash no extra's. If you are a crunch on time you may want to go elsewhere as you will probably have to have them redo something if you want to get what you paid for
1	The best way to waste your money: 13$ and your car is just enough cleaned outside and not vacuumed inside at all. 1h waiting. Worst service ever!!!!
1	I went in a few weeks ago. I reached into the car when they were done and the cash in my ashtray had been stolen. This is funny only because I was going to give it to them anyway. When I told the Manager, he told me that it had been happening recently and that he would look into it. I never heard anything back. I went in again today and when I didn't tip as quickly as they had liked, the staff told me how rude I was for not tipping. Car wash is is mediocre on  a good day, but convenient location for me. Too bad the management can't manage the staff. It is a case of the inmates running the prison, if you know what I mean.
1	Yikes!  What happened to this place?  I haven't been to this location in a couple of years.  Its awful!  So sad that management let it go!  Maybe new owners? I remember I used to come here and shop for greeting cards while my car was being washed.  The card racks are all empty.  All the snack and candy bar boxes are empty, too. But no one has bothered to remove the empty boxes.  There's a few dusty old stuffed animals And just a few air fresheners for sale. They used to take pride in displaying their merchandise. Not anymore. Even the fish tank looks awful.I hope they did a good job with by oil change but I really have no way of knowing. My VIP wash was not worth the money. The inside was not vacuumed very well and their armor all is streaked and missing in places.The entire visit was totally disappointing. But the worst part is that my glove box has clearly been rifled through. I keep my papers in a particular order with my sunglasses on top. When I went in the glove box to get my sunglasses everything was topsy-turvy and the sunglasses were on the bottom.  What reason would the staff have to rummage through my glove box?I wonder if all of the locations are experiencing a similar decline.  I will never return.
1	Very unprofessional and rude employees...I would not recommend coming here unless you want the most expensive car wash, an oil change, and your gas tank filled for $0.20/gallon more than Cobblestone Auto Spa. I politely cancelled my wash (due to the badgering for upgrades and oil change) and the woman did not remove the writing on my window, just wiped two streaks through it and made a few comments under her breath. They then asked me to park my truck across the street while I go inside and pay for the gas they pumped while we were talking, then I was asked to come find her outside and bring her the receipt. Even though this location is close it is far from convenient. ..two thumbs down.
2	When will I learn my lesson? Since the "raids" the quality of the staff has gotten really horrible. Terribly aggressive greeters who are trying to upsell you so hard that it gets really uncomfortable. Also, at the end of the line, I'vehad so many things left undone and they expect me to just pull away. On a recent visit, I had the entire passenger side cleaned with a Armourall soaked rag! When I complained, the young woman just walked away to the gas station convenience store and came back with a bag of Funyuns-I'm not kidding! While they tried to remove the Armourall, all Funyun Jane did was shove those yellow circles in her pie hole. They had to run it through the wash again because it wouldn't come off. Needless to say, when waiting an hour to get your car cleaned is ridiculous. I complained to the manager. She shrugged it off. So done. So crappy. I'm off the carousel for good..
4	I love reading Yelp reviews, especially of places I go to all the time. This is no exception. You people are insane. I have an over-sized truck with big tires, a grill and all sorts of add-ons all over it, so I won't/can't take it through a car wash. I usually wash it myself. Takes me 2-3 hours or so to do everything (more if I'm feeling a bit OCD). It's exhausting. For $20, I can take it over to Danny's and someone will vacuum it out and some someone else will strain and stretch to hand wash it. Then, two other people will feverishly dry it, blow out every nook and cranny, wipe down all that extra junk I have all over my truck - a truck so wide it has three windshield wipers...try reaching every piece of THAT thing! Its exhausting watching them,  so I watch the rest of you. I see you all sitting there, checking your phone, looking bothered, or scrutinizing everything they're doing to your car. Then I see 1/2 of you NOT tip! Its a hard job and doesn't pay all that well. If it was super easy to clean your car, you'd do it yourself.  To the lady who's kid crunch pretzels into the door handle - sorry some guy washing 40+ cars a day didn't notice your kid hides stuff. They miss some stuff from time to time. Take a second to walk around it with the guy and ask him to do a few more things if it bothers you - BUT TIP!!! Example: I tip the vacuum guy $1-5, depending on how dirty it is and ASK them to do the back if it needs it, the guy who actually washing my truck gets another $5 because its huge and they usually need a ladder, and another $5 goes to the guys wiping it down. So my $20 car wash turns into a $33-35 hand wash. It takes 4 people 30-45 minutes to clean my truck, so that's 2+ man hours and I didn't have to do squat. Do yourself a big favor: 1. go to any other car wash and find that the final product is similar then price it out. 2. wash your car yourself and time how long it takes you and if you're as happy with the results (or if you no longer care about that one water spot.) 3. empty out your car of valuables before you ever turn the keys over to anyone...always...why tempt it? 4. If you know there's crushed pretzels in your door handle and you want them removed, point it out and tip the guy for taking care of that for you. Oh, and people with tattoos don't necessarily steal cars, Sheriff Joe can't give tax breaks to businesses for hiring convicts (but the Department of Labor can), and give people a break. If you pay $10 for a car wash, you deserve a $10 car wash...not the right to bitch and moan about a water spot. its not a car detail - those cost about $200+, just so you realize. No one ever tries to upsell me here. They're super nice every time I go in.
1	My expensive sunglasses & case were stolen from my glove box during my visit today.  The only reason I go here is because it is conveniently located near my office.I got an oil change and a car wash included.  They tried to pitch me on paying triple the price I would pay anywhere else for air filter replacement (hey you told me to get it replaced last time too!).  No Thanks!When returning to let the manager know that my sunglasses were stolen - the man that performed my oil change came into the lobby.  I let the manager know (Danny) that this was the man who did my oil change.  He acted confused and did not remember seeing me earlier that day.He assured me nobody goes through glove boxes, but clearly that was not the case (read the other reviews, I'm not the only one).The manager wrote down my information, asked a few people around the lot and came back to tell me he would call me if he found anything.  Looks like I'll be heading to the mall for new sunglasses and looking for a new place to get my car washed.You've lost a long-time customer and hopefully many others for employing thieves and liars.
1	The worst customer service you could ever imagine!  I read the reviews and still bought a groupon because they are so close by our home.   They refused to accept our groupon because their computers were allegedly down upgrading their groupon program.  Their cashier Tereasa  had plenty of attitude in telling us that there was no way possible to redeem our groupon, so we had to pay full retail price instead!  She wrote a messy note for us to walk out and get our car back from the line of cars being washed!  She did not have a phone number for her manager, so we had to just chalk this one up as another failed effort for consumers to use a groupon at Danny's.
1	They tried to sell me a $79 oil change. I had to call my dealership to verify the oil type. It wasn't what they told me. They super up sell products and then don't deliver the best quality. The "$19.99 oil change and wash" is actually $39.99. Don't be fooled. As it does not include the wash or amount of oil needed for a full change. Still not a bad price but the principle and sneaky sales tactics make this place sketch.
1	Last two times through Danny's my car came out with marks it didn't have to begin with and I was upsold for their removal.  Some of it is cash to the guys doing the work (which I don't mind so much) and some of it is for services that I paid the cashier.  The clincher was a detail (can't believe I did it) that was promised in 2 hours and took 4 - and my car wasn't clean.  You see, I needed the clay wax treatment rather than the treatment they sold me with the detail.  I have friends who used to go to Danny's, but they have had the same problems recently.  Danny's wasn't like this a year ago - one of the guys working there said it got a lot worse after the raids.  All I know is I will never be back.  I promised them I would post my experience on Yelp, and they were not concerned.  They know exactly what they are doing and have no shame.  They are thieves.
1	Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. Customer service was awful and my car wasn't even clean. Seriously, as I was driving away I noticed it hadn't even been wiped down inside. I would have driven back to complain, but was too upset by how I was treated by the men who were washing my car. Never going back. Ever.
1	The worst car wash in town.  Please do not give them your business.  I have had two major issues the past two times I have visited, followed up with customer service afterward, only to be passed off with a generic response and no attempt at rescuing our business.  The first experience was a few years back - we bought a detailing package, they did a terrible job, and when I contacted them afterward, they basically said "sorry, but there's nothing we can do about it".  I didn't return until today as they had a coupon for an oil change & car wash online & I was in the area - I figured I would give them another chance.  I was overcharged for the services, the wash was very poor, and again I reached out with my feedback and received a very similar message from the exact same customer service rep from a few years back, stating basically "sorry it was a bad experience, but hopefully next time we'll do a better job".  I will NEVER return here - terrible customer service, terrible service, terrible signage (who knows where to go when you get to this place?) -- there are a ton of better options in the area, no need to give them a third chance (or first if you've never been).
2	Every time I have been to this location, the service is extremely slow and they seem unorganized. The last two times in particular, I've sat in my car almost ten minutes waiting for them to vacuum the car in front of me. And then when they finish, the car sits there several minutes before it's driven away to be washed. In not sure if this is just bad luck or what, but it feels like 3 cars go through for every one car in my lane.
1	I'm so over this place.  Without fail, it is an unpleasant experience.  The upselling is obnoxious and they a half-assed job.
1	Will never be back and will tell everyone I know how terrible and unsafe this place is! Today at 2 pm, John at the beginning of the line took forever to get to me - checking in 3 other people who arrived after me.  Then he asks if I wand the floors and mats cleaned and I said yes if it was fast - I asked him 3 times and told him very clearly that it had to be done fast since I had another appointment.  "Yes, yes, fast, I know" is what he said.  50 minutes later I asked another guy to check on my car and he comes back to tell me it will be another 45 minutes!  That guy was really nice but I was now very late for another appointment.  I watched 3 of them gather at my car, stop work and just start talking.  I waited 7 minutes to see if they would start again and finally walked over to the car to see what was going on.  Those folks were very nice but then John walked up and told me that it was my fault because my carpets were so dirty and that he never made any promises to me.  I disagreed and did raise my voice, but never yelled, when I said, "oh so this is my fault?" He immediately took a step closer, got in my face screaming at me not to yell at him and that I "disrespected" him all while pointing his finger less than inch from my face. I told him, very quietly and very sternly to "Walk away John, Walk away now" and he just kept going, backing me up until another very nice worker stepped in and had to physically push him away from me. FYI, I am a woman and I was alone today.  I can't remember the nice guy's name as I was pretty shaken at this point but he had a black bow tie on and he was great, apologizing and trying to make it right.  I told him that at this point i didn't feel safe staying there and to just give me my car.  It took forever since their spin dryer for the mats wasn't working and I drove home with sopping wet mats in the back of my car and quite upset.  I'm still upset and am considering filing a report with the police.  There were dozens of witnesses and one customer even stopped to give me his business card telling me to share his info if I decided to file a report.  And as for the rest of it, there were spots all over my car, 2 windows not cleaned and more crap work.  The store was a trash heap - empty racks, dirty floor, etc.  Disgusting all the way around.  If you value your safety, stay away or don't dare complain.
1	I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either. After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property. I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome. Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
2	I used to be a huge Danny's fan.  Last couple of trips the washes have been less than stellar but what is more concerning is the rude behavior of the workers on the finish line.  Whistling when an attractive woman comes out to the car pick up area, shouting back and forth at each other in Spanish and shouting out in Spanish the tip amount a customer gives.  All bad, management needs to take notice.  I have been going to Classic Car Spa lately and have had much better experiences.
1	Convenience was the only factor when choosing to come here for past car washes and, most recently, an oil change. There's something overwhelming about the amount of people that swarm your car the minute you pull up and repeatedly try to sell you additional services without your solicitation. One of the employees asked for my phone number and I asked why he needed it. "In case we have to up-sell you or return your car," was his response. Reluctantly I gave it and sure enough I received a call while I was grocery shopping and waiting. The employee asked me if I wanted additional services after I already said no. I insisted "no" and he still persisted. Very frustrating.After the carwash, there was oil all over the inside of my car and I had to ask the employee to wipe the writing off my windshield which obstructed my view. I will drive the distance for a better place in the future. Convenience is no longer worth the compromised service.
1	If I could give them a lower score I would. Horrible decline in quality of service. Very low morale of employees leading to poor service. Used to be great and I would go there before any other car wash or other service.
1	This place is the worst. I haven't had the best experiences here in the past but I decided to give it another try. The service has gotten worse. They told me 45 minutes for a car wash and shampoo of the seats and almost two hours later they still weren't finished. To make matters worse they took belongings out of my car and forgot to put it back in. I asked for a full refund and they said they only can only give free car washes. What kind  of customer service is that? I will not be going there ever again.
1	The wash was OK and didn't take too long. But I had a coupon for an oil change so I had them change it. During that process the mechanic told me the power steering fluid was very old and detrimental to the power steering pump. I agreed to let them change that as I was planning on a long trip the next day. Two weeks later my battery died and the dealership replacing it called to tell me my power steering fluid was very old and that although the sticker on my windshield indicated my oil had just been changed, the oil filter looked old and the viscosity of the oil in the truck looked very old. Somebody is not telling me the truth. My decision will be to never give Danny's any more business.
1	Quick Review: This place is terrible, don't ever go here. Longer: Went here to Saturday afternoon (2:30pm) to get an extremely dirty car detailed. $100 detail but the guy says "hour and a half and it will look like it never had dirt on it".  We were a bit skeptical but sure man, your the pro! 3 and half hours later the place is closing and they tell us that we will have to bring it back tomorrow since they couldn't finish it. But they promise they just have a 1/2 hour left.  No one there to really  complain to since management had all left and we weren't gonna yell at the poor guys out in the heat who get paid terrible. Next day visit lasted another 5 hours! The car still wasn't really that clean when taken off the property! Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here. Don't ever go here.Find a hog wash for $3 and with free vacuum.  It will be just as good and will only be 10 minutes.
1	I chose this place because it was really close to my new residence in Phoenix and with a ton of relocation costs, I had little money I wanted to spend on maintaining the look of my car. With the word "carousel" in the name, I thought, "Interesting idea." With the word, "family," I thought, "Can't be too bad." I hadn't looked at the Yelp reviews for this place, but immediately regretted it.   From the minute I drove in to the minute I exited the place, I felt REALLY REALLY uncomfortable. Sometimes, I wonder why I didn't just back my car up and take off. "High temperatures, dumb choices," I keep telling myself. Going on, I was greeted (kind of) by a man with a clipboard and a bunch of choices. I had a bunch of questions, as the sheet he gave me seemed incomplete but every time I asked a question, the guy was completely distracted by whatever his fellow coworkers were doing on the other side of my car. I brushed it off, found the good person in myself, and just made a choice. After making a decision I was immediately KICKED OUT OF MY OWN CAR not really sure where I should pay or what I should do. Finally, another customer recognized my, "deer in the headlights," look and told me there was a lobby inside. As I walked in, I could hear the employees making those sounds men make when they want your attention on the street. (What kinds of women respond to this anyway? I was fully clothed, not wearing anything scandalous, mind you.) This is where I almost lost it. Really, is this a professional business? I walked in to the lobby thinking I may never see my car again (what we should think at a car wash, right?) and was greeted by a bunch of uncomfortable stares. I keep thinking back to this experience wondering if there was anything wrong with the way I looked resulting in these stares but can not think of anything out of the norm. Again, I was helped by another customer, telling me where I should pay. So I pay, no problem there. The guy even gives me a student discount after I noticed they honor them. I turn to my right and see that my car had just come out of the washing area. I followed it outside, where, again, I was greeted with more uncomfortable stares and one employee telling me that, "your car smells like bud." What? Bud?...Marijuana? Ok, I'm from California, so we use that word pretty loosely but that's definitely not a FAMILY word, nor was it very professional to say that. (I've had friend smoking cigarettes in my car awhile back in college, but never marijuana, if you were wondering. ) In the drying station, yes, more uncomfortable stares, only to be alleviated once, by another customer who brought a very expensive luxury car to get cleaned. When this happened, the employees all started whoop hollering and praising the car. I was thankful for that, but I'm pretty sure the owner of the car was not ( but I don't know, do you buy luxury cars to be noticed?) When they were close to being done with my car, one of the employees asked if I could remove stuff from the cup holder so he could clean that area. I politely declined, because I was more than ready to get out of the place. I also feel incredibly bad that I didn't tip, but should I have? Never going back again. Advice for people debating going here: Don't go here. Spend a little more. Go somewhere with customer service and professional value.
5	Danny's carwash is awesome. I've been bringing my truck here for years for the maintenance and carwashes. They do an awesome job. I don't know why there's so many one star reviews, they always take great care of me and my truck. Honest service people, and quality, fast carwashes earn a 5 star review in my book. Plus they have a good military discount, and every tenth wash is free! I love this place.
2	I am a regular here, and not because they do a good job either. I hate this place today. It's very slow so almost no staff. So my car has been setting for 10 minutes now with nobody in line.
4	Be very specific up front if you need the interior glass cleaned and dashboard dusted. I've unfortunately driven away and not had a decent clean inside of the car. Nice staff and hard workers! Be sure to tip the guys up front vacuuming and not just on the tail end... Think about it: which do you think is harder !? lol
1	If we could put 0 stars we would. For what they charge they barely clean your car even if you ask for detailing. How can anyone be so bad at running a car wash? Then one of our windshield wipers got hit and torn off in the car wash and left a crack. When we asked for them to fix the $7 problem they lied to us and said it wasn't their problem. Then one of the workers who was obviously on meth started going tweeker crazy just by us asking them to fix their mistake. Everyone who works there is high on either meth or crack and they don't even try to hide it. How is this place still open?
1	This place is the worst. I've never left there feeling like my car was clean. The inside of the windshield is always smeared and the console barely gets wiped off. It doesn't matter which wash you pay for they do the same crap job. I'd gone there a couple times and was very unhappy with the job they did but when they offered the groupon I went ahead and bought it. I thought I'd give them another chance despite seeing them on the news for the ICE raids. I thought maybe they'd have made some improvements but alas they've failed me again. On my way home from getting my car washed I realized they hadn't cleaned the console and the windshield looked awful yet again. So when it rained the next day and I took the car back for their "rain check wash" I asked them to clean the console. When checking out the guy inside was a total jerk and told me they don't clean the inside for a rain check. So I explained to him I had just been in and it should've been done the first time. My original car wash took less than 15 minutes but the rain check took over 30. How does that make any sense?! There's no consistency and it's just so obvious they don't care about their customers or reputation at all. Despite this being the closest car wash to my house, this will be my last visit. I just don't get why it's always so busy when they do such a horrible job.
1	What the heck happened here?  I have used this car wash for years and have, for the most part,  been happy with the service.   Today I visited and it was the WORST!  Although there was next to nobody there, I did not get checked in, however when someone pulled in behind me, they got served right away.  I had to get out of my car in order to get someone's attention.   When I walked into the store I was hit in the face with the overpowering smell of Pinesol.  Seriously, you can't clean BEFORE you open?  The car wash was mediocre at best.   Usually the place is packed on a Sunday.   Now I know why it's a ghost town.
2	Took excessive time to get a wax. When selling, the guy told "40 mins atmost, go and do some shopping and it will be good to go when you are back". I picked up some groceries from Frys and came back after about 2 hours and saw my car just outside the cleaning area, still half dirty, with a few pieces of towels on the hood. I kept asking them what is the status/ETA but all of them kept ignoring. Finally 10 mins later one women came out and wasnt even sure what type of car wash I was getting. They were finally done after another 30 mins or so. It didnt seem like the waxing did any good (or maybe they didnt do at all, who knows). Although my car was clean, I was totally drenched with sweat (as it was august) waiting outside unnecessarily. Tip for the car wash managers: Be candid about the time to complete. Lying about it will only ruin your business as everyone cares about their time. There are plenty of stores around (frys, best buy, etc) so most customers wouldnt mind waiting. They just need to know how long it will really take so they can plan their shopping. Tip for the readers: Even if you go there, get one of the 3 car wash options they have. Dont go for waxing or any other detailing, no matter how much they push you. Its not worth the money and time. Also as discussed about, re timing, add another 1 hour to what they say it will take to finish the job.
1	This is the worst Danny's I have ever been to. Whoever runs this location should be ashamed of yourself. I have been to the other locations and NEVER had the experience I had here. I even heard other people complaining while I was in there. I would've rather waited an extra 15 minutes to actually get my car washed.....there was dust, yes dust not dirt or grime or something hard to get off, still on my steering wheel and radio. The back of the car wasn't even vacuumed out. I paid for a works, there was no air freshener in my car. On top of not getting the car wash I paid for they stole my   auxiliary cord. When I called they asked if I saw someone steal it? Of course not they are inside my car and in sitting on the sidelines, it's not like I'm standing over my car watching their every move. They told me they would keep and eye out for it......
1	"Sales person" spent so long trying to upsell the poor woman in front of me, I literally backed out of getting my truck washed here...
1	The worst, the store manager is unprofessional and not very bright. He brings the whole establishment down. Never ever will I ever go back there. Disgusted!!!
1	Pathetic use to be a good place to get the car washed, paid for their "VIP package" and they didn't vacuum an inch of the car, Not the console, back seats or trunk. didn't dress the interior or even put the air freshener in.  Then use the same black greasy tire rag on my door handles, side panels & interior( exterior is candy white & interior is beige) now my interior has this awesome black grease stain in the back seats,even though I've had passangers in the back 3 times at the most. To make it worse after I got home I had to polish the interior my self, I noticed THEY BROKE my passenger window button, even though there was still crumbs and trash in that area. By far the worse place ever. Took over an hour and it wasn't even busy nor did they do a Damn thing they had been paid for. Bring back all the Hispanic people,they did a way better job. NEVER bring you're car to this joke of a business. Take you're car to los olivos or Tom thumbs fresh market.
1	I had a fairly decently clean car to begin with,   I brought my car for a few touch ups, my trunk the back shield,  and the grill for bugs, and dash/cup holder area.My car was parked for 10 min before I asked when they would notify me it's was complete.  They had a system error, and refused to honor my groupon. I was advised to contact corporate.  After 20 min on hold the girl who answered indicated someone would call me back.  I asked about my car,  the agent went outside and then came back and indicated it was done. The bugs were still all over the grill,  cup holders and dash hadn't been touched,  car was clearly not vacuumed,  neither was the trunk. The service agent immediately went to wiping off the bugs, as I became more and more upset about the poorly rendered car wash.  I went inside and asked for a refund.  A gentleman told me I was just upset because of the groupon. I continued to advise it was the half hearted car wash that had me upset.  To which he continued to rebuttal that I was just upset about the Groupon. Another associate took me to the car to find our what was wrong.  I pointed out the various items and he indicated he would fix the situation.  I ended up waiting near the detailing crew, who didn't hide the use of profanity. They we're shouting insults to one another. Not the most professional display,  even for a car wash. Eventually I got my car,  still not vacuumed thoroughly and left.  Safe to say after coming sporadically (as needed) fire 7 years,  I'm fine not coming back to Dannys with the hit and miss service and bad car washes
1	$23.99 I had to finish wiping down the dashboard, cup holders weren't wiped out at all. Floor boards were kinda vacuumed. Rear of SUV wasn't cleaned at all but I was charged extra for the size of my vehicle. :(
1	I had an interesting morning today while getting my wife's suv  oil changed and washed, while I waited I watched the manager get in a argument with a customer that lost his receipt to the point that the manager was trying to intimidate the customer since they hadn't gave me a receipt either I took notice of what was goin on as my vehicle came out  I asked for the ticket so I could pay I didn't get one, so I went inside to pay only to find out the price was increased by a .33 percent  I asked the manager only to find out it was same manager (chris summers) I seen before arguing, he was rude, incompetent and angry . I paid what they asked for and will never go back
1	Really bad & slow service. Will not return.
2	Not a terrible experience, didn't have anything stolen or broken, but the car wasn't super clean. I payed for the VIP wash which includes cup holders and dash and the cup holder obviously hadn't even been opened, there was still lint on the back seat, and anything that wasn't in plain view like the dash and steering wheel wasn't really even touched. Probably won't be returning.
1	Absolutely worst car wash! Had my truck for 5 hours after a $200 detail and it looks like a cheap wash..step boards and tires still filthy, mirrors and windows dirty, cup holders in back seat still full of gunk. Will not return and should of checked yelp reviews before I went!
2	Came here for the works wash and thank goodness I had a free voucher cause I wouldn't dare pay 16 bucks for the crappy job. Doesn't even look like they vacuumed the backseat and there's a weird white residue all over the inside. Pissed I even tipped the guys who think this is acceptable. Never again!!!
1	People are very rude! I was told for an extra $100 when can buff out all the scratches and it would look like a new paint job...no wonder this place has a bad rep!!! I had to give it a rating
