1	Awesome place. Friendly staff. Good prices. Oh and their vape selection is amazing even compared to Cali. White Cloud definitely knows their stuff
4	Came here to buy a vaporizer for the very first time and was amazed by the service I got. The owner saw that I didn't know much about them so he walked me through the entire process and even showed me how to start mine up. I'm definitely coming back for all my smoking needs!
5	Bought my very first vape from here and I couldn't be happier! The guys working here helped me find the perfect products and explained everything to me. I had so many questions and they made sure I left the store happy! I ended up buying a second vape for my boyfriend from them the very next day because I was soooo happy with mine! These guys are super chill and really show their customers that they care. You won't find better prices and customer service anywhere else!
5	Remy and his staff were extremely knowledgeable and friendly in helping me put together my first real e-cig. I ended up having a small issue with the battery unit and he went over and above to take care of it. Great selection of nicotine refills. Customer for life!
5	By far one of the best smoke shops in Az. Great friendly knowledgeable service as soon as I walked in. I would recommend this shop to anybody in a heart beat. They have a really good Vape selection as well.
5	Staff was very knowledgeable! I went in with very little knowledge in the vaporizer cigarette.  Before I went I purchased $75 voucher for $50.  Bo helped me assemble a vaporizer and gave me all the tips and tricks to go along with it.  I highly recommend going here if you're new to the vape craze!
5	This place has everything you could ever want to fill all smoking needs. It's the only shop I will go to because the staff here is helpful and friendly and knows what they are talking about. The shop is well stocked and very well organized. Unlike most shops it has order and everything is well marked with prices. Recommend this shop to anyone who is looking for a new shop or one to replace their current shop.
5	The owner of the store personally assisted us while purchasing my first hookah, he was great! hooked my gf and I up and we had a great time buying it! I recommend going here for all you're smoking needs!
5	Ramie & Sammy are the BEST in the business!!!! They ask qualifying questions to get YOU the best product based on your individual needs.  WHITE CLOUD IS THE BEST IN ARIZONA!!! If you didn't know, now ya know ;) We are customers & friends for life.
5	As soon as you walk in your greeted. This store has literally everything you can think of. I went in knowing very little about vapeing, they didnt judge just told me everything I needed to know and answered all my questions. The owner went above and beyond to make sure I was happy with what I was purchasing. I would recommend this place to all who are looking to buy a vape or vape juice. Also the prices are unbeatable.
5	All the staff take a chance to meet your needs. I have been in and out of white cloud both the hookah lounge and smoke shop. Best part is, if one place doesn't have something, they will go out of the way to bring it to you, or wait for you to make it to the other shop. Sammy and Ramie are freaking awesome and they work hard to make things awesome. Thank you guys!
4	Nice selection of juices with Ok prices. from $10 and up.. good selction as well in vape pieces. Good service if you have any questions and you are welcome to try any flavors you want. Also open till 10 which is nice since a lot of vape shops seem to sht down early!
5	This shop is awesome. This is a second location apart from their lounge that has more floor space for merchandise, so you can find pretty much anything you need, including high-end hookahs and accessories for them. I have always had a good experience with this shop and they have some great staff to help you out!
5	This place is great, greeted when walked in door, helped us pick out what suited us best, great guy with an awesome personality!! Will definitely be back.. Great oils with super flavors!! Even threw in a couple samples for us to try..
5	Love the staff and they helped me and my mom so much. Great product and so many options
5	Great prices. Awesome staff. If you need a new setup or parts for your mod this is the place.
