4	Cute shop and kinda hidden in a strip mall. You just never know what you'll find on Eastern Ave. Loved the chiffon tank tops and cute casual clothes. It's nice to know that strip malls *can* have cool stores. Expect to spend some dough re mi though....
4	The ONLY reason this place doesn't get five stars is their exchange or return policy. I love this place! They always get great styles of jeans in constantly! I used to be on their list of people who would get a call when a specific brand came in, but I have since stocked up on beloved denim that is the elusive thing that makes us girls feel so good.There are a few locations to choose from in the valley, all the staff is incredibly knowledgeable and always get me to spend money. Their selection of Frankie b, rock and republic, true religion, Hudson, etc is enough to make a girl crazy.
4	Stash is a great place to go for some shopping if you are really willing to shell out the big bucks on basically jeans and tees. Going in for one item is okay, but try walking out with a few more items than that and you could look at a receipt for over a thusand dollars! I personally like to just look, get my shopping fix for the day, and bolt out before I find my wallet that I was probably digging for since walking through the door. Hey, my purse is like an old lady's carpet bag, but it helps save me dough since I can never find my cards!
5	My wife and I are from North Carolina and shopping to look her some jeans. We met the manager Ricardo and he was awesome! He took his time and made sure that we bought the right size. He was also super friendly and helpful to all the othe guest in the store! It was a pleasure to shop in the store! We left and didn't buy the 1st time in but went back the next day and Ricardo remembered us and was the same as he was the day before!! We bought 2 pair of Jeans this trip in. We were really impressed and pleased to have met Ricardo! We will definitely stop by every time we go to Vegas! ALL stores need people like Ricardo!! It would make shopping more pleasurable!! Thanks for making Lisa and I feel welcome and helping us with the jeans we bought!! If you are looking  jeans, dresses, shirts or anything else do yourself a favor and STOP by Stash and see Ricardo! Would give the whole experience a 10** if we could!!Lee and Lisa from NC
