2	It appears to be an older DQ, but not in the classic sense, more in the in need of some cosmetic upgrades (the ceiling looks like it may fall in soon) and maybe some AC improvements (the staff looked like they were sweating).We ordered some basics, a small cone and a medium sundae. We received a medium cone and a small sundae. i was sad since i ordered the sundae but it wasn't important enough to have corrected.Unfortunately, being the closest DQ to home may get me back there, but if possible we'd seek out another one.
3	This place is different each time. I have gone when its been great and everything worked well. all the order was correct and i didn't have a problem. I have also gone when it was horrible and made the entire family sick except those who didn't eat a particular item. As the other reviewer has mentioned the place does need some remodeling. The ceiling looks like it will collapse. All in all its not the best dairy queen and its not the worst. The dessert items are good but i would recommend staying away from the meat *wink* *wink*
4	I love a good chocolate malt shake, and theirs is awesome!
3	The menu items are good but the inside is in much need of renovation.  The owner seems to have saved every dime with cheap paneling and unfinished wooden doors and frames.  Needless to say they haven't held up well over time.  It's very much a let down.  If the blizzards, sundaes and banana splits were no good this place would surely close.
5	DQ Blizzard with Heath bar crunches is so good! Line wrapped around the building for drive thru! Soooo Good!
1	Most definitely will not return here.   Tried to use a coupon from the Community Coupon Book for Buy One Get One Free menu item.   The cashier took off a $3.39 chicken sandwich.   Two minutes later he comes back out to say that his boss hates those coupons, and he would prefer that it had been taken off of the two hot dogs purchased which was going to increase our total by $1.92, and could we please pay the extra $1.92.   HORRIBLE customer service, and way to nickle and dime the customer.   Also, clearly can't do math.....the two hot dogs total $3.59!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    How the hell do I owe more???????   My husband refused to let me dispute this, or I would have just asked for a full refund & walked out.   We will NEVER be back here, and others shouldn't go either.   Happy Holidays.
