5	Have eaten here twice since it opened, and it is our new favorite Thai restaurant in Madison! The location is ideal in the neighborhood, and the staff is the most friendly you'll find in town. The fresh rolls and cigar rolls are both excellent appetizer options. My favorite dish is the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil on the vegetarian part of the menu. The tofu is seasoned to the point that it tastes like actual meat, and it is perfectly spicy without being too hot. We have also tried the Pad Thai and Pad See Eaw and both are great, as well. Try this place out, you won't regret it. I really hope they stick around!
5	This place is amazing -- and I want to shout it from the rooftops so that their business is successful and they stick around (though not so successful that there's a 3-hour wait on Friday nights...).  As far as I'm concerned, ALL of the other Thai restaurants in Madison serve a terrible approximation of Thai food, but this one is the real deal.  We ordered the Papaya Salad, Ka Pow Crispy Squid, and a chef's special called Southern Heat.  It was a lot of food for two people (and less than $30) but it was so good, we ate every single bite. (Except for the steamed vegetables on the side, which I think the kitchen might want to reconsider, as they don't add much to the meal.) The restaurant itself is fine (nothing special, but comfortable and clean), and the staff were super-friendly, but the real reason to go is the fresh, flavorful, authentic food.  You know when you can hear someone hammering away on a mortar and pestle in the kitchen that it's going to be good! I agree with the reviewer who said they would give it six stars if they could, mostly because great Thai food has been so sorely lacking in Madison, and I'm so happy that Monsoon Siam fills that gap.
5	First visit was on Sunday, June 8, at around 7:00pm after an afternoon spent at a neighborhood festival.To be brutally honest, I've had to slightly inflate a rating or two from time-to-time, based on several considerations. Madison isn't exactly a hotbed for incredible Asian-themed foods, so I've sometimes graded on a curve. Or, the craving for good Asian food was so overwhelming that I was willing to overlook a less than perfect visit and rate it a little higher...However, Monsoon Siam deserves every one of these five stars - no curve, no exaggeration. It is SOLID. Like others who've reviewed this before me, I wish I could do more to rate this place higher. It's truly a 5+ food experience.+ Clean space; tables placed closely together, but not too close to be uncomfortable+ Small, open kitchen - you can see the chefs working on your meal+ Mouth-watering aromas from the open kitchen - all of that Thai goodness!+ What a wonderful staff; so welcoming, so sincere, and working incredibly hard to ensure a great experience. + Menu isn't overwhelming - it focuses on Thai food and that's it. You're not going to pick-up a menu that's a dozen pages long and get lost in it like you will at some other places.+ Papaya salad with skewered shrimp. WOWGASM. I'm a sucker for papaya salad, but this one blew my mind. Sweet, tangy, spicy - all bundled up and served in a crispy fresh citrusy salad with two of the most perfectly prepared shrimp I've ever experienced. + Chicken Ka Pow - rated at 3-stars, they aren't joking around with the spice. The plate was loaded with Thai chiles, which were more than capable of (and happy to) provide the mouth with an uppercut of heat. I love spicy, and this dish delivered. My nose was running with a blissful burn, yet the nuances of the dish weren't lost in the heat - the flavor profiles were completely in-tact. The all-white, super tender chicken; the crunchy red bell pepper; the aromatic and slightly sweet roasted garlic... all there. All balanced. All delicious. + Shrimp dish with Napa cabbage, glass noodles, and mushrooms... forgive me for not recalling the name of this dish, but my mind was so full of endorphins, that I'm lucky I didn't walk into a pole on my way out of the place. I was on cloud nine (and ten)... once again, the shrimp were phenomenal. The base sauce was slightly sweet, with a touch of anise undertone. Adding a spritz of fresh lime really made the dish sing. Outstanding.+ Reasonably priced; appetizer, two entrees, and a Thai iced-tea came to just over $30. I was A-OK with that.For a place that just opened a few weeks ago, things seem to be moving very smooth. We had one minor hiccup with the service; a beer was forgotten, but it wasn't a big deal at all. They kept our waters full the entire meal, and I barely noticed the misstep. Forget about any of the other Thai places in town - this place is legit. Real flavor, real spice, great service - it's fantastic. Oh - of quick note: limited bar selection at this point as they are in the process of obtaining their liquor license. There were a few bottled beer selections; not sure about wine.Go. Or carryout. Or both. Just go!
4	Don't let the mini-mall exterior fool you, Monsoon Siam is a real treat. Yellow curry with beef and potatoes - inexpensive and phenomenal. Food presentation was fun and everyone ate in silence for half a plate. Looking forward to returning to try many other dishes. Service was super slow but it was worth the wait.
5	I ate here once days after it opened. I was tempted to write a review but decided to try it one more time. I ate here again and again, now a total of 4 times in 2 weeks. I feel adequately prepared to say that this place blows me away. I have never eaten Thai cuisine so expertly prepared and beautifully presented. I harken back to the first time I ate at Lao Laan Xang on Willy St about 18 years ago. The subtle flavors of lemon grass, coconut milk and galanga were amazing and so new to my palate. Southeast Asian food continues to be my favorite but the general quality of  the food seems to have declined in the past few years. No matter where you go the menu looks the same and presentation is an after-thought. My old favorite haunt has become tired and uninspired.Monsoon Siam is a different animal. The dishes are new and exciting. I have never seen tofu so expertly prepared. Some dishes are bold and bright, like the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil or the Panang Curry.  Some dishes are delicate and sexy like the Asparagus Delight with a light flavorful sauce highlighting perfectly cooked asparagus and shrimp and the Rama Tofu which is a gorgeous sight to behold. The tofu is deep fried, placed on a bed of steamed broccoli and topped with crispy fried onions. The dish has a luscious peanut sauce which enhances but does not overpower the tofu. I have sampled the tofu soup, simple yet delicious, as well as the Papaya Salad. The salad was lovely, light and spicy just to the right level for my somewhat timid partner. To be fair, I love the Papaya Salad/Chicken dish at LLX  but the presentation is sorely lacking. Monsoon Siam is right across the street from Lao Laan Xang. There is plenty of room for two great Southeast Asian restaurants. I hope LLX will be moved to create some new dishes, throw away the tired menu and spruce up their aging home. They still are very busy and have a loyal following. But the gauntlet has been thrown by newcomer Monsoon Siam. For now I declare the new kid on the block a winner!
5	Yum! Monsoon Siam's food is really special. We ordered Pad Fresh Ginger with beef which had a deliciously complex sauce - very memorable and we will no doubt order it again. We also had Green Curry with chicken with a one chili hotness rating. Again, the sauce was full of deep flavors. All of the ingredients were fresh and it was fun to see the cooks at work and smell all the delicious dishes they were cooking up. I am so happy they are in the 'hood!
5	I thought this day would never come, but clean, fresh Thai food has finally come to Madison and I am greatly looking forward to eating my way through the Monsoon Siam menu.  Spicy basil fried rice (a/k/a Kao Pad Ka Pow which may be one of the most fun to say food names ever!) is one of my favorite things in the world, and I am pleased to report that Monsoon Siam's is delicious and by far the best I've had since moving to Madison 8 years ago.  Everything I have tried so far has been delicious, the drunken noodle being second runner up to my beloved fried rice.  There are always too many things I'd rather eat than curry so I haven't tried any, but my lunchtime companions have all raved about the curries.
5	Great food, friendly staff! We had the papaya salad and mussumun, both were great. The fried papaya appetizer was really interesting.
5	Second visit was worthy of 5-stars, and that was with sampling a large portion of the menu, thanks to Matt's UYE.+ Sun-dried beef appetizer was *to DIE for* - wow. So good. My new favorite.+ Won tons with crabmeat, pork and water chestnuts - zoikes!!! Outstanding.+ Papaya salad - once again, a home run. Fresh, tangy, and a touch of heat.- Spring rolls were nicely fried, but when compared to the other apps, they came up a bit short. Still good, just not astronomically good like the other options were.+ Chicken Pad Thai ranks with the best of them. Delicious, balanced, and super high quality ingredients. + Crying Tiger dish was excellent. This place knows how to prep a mean beef dish.+ Green Cury - OMG. Love. Lots of heat, lots of flavor. I will order this next time.+ Fried tilapia with black bean sauce -- seriously?!!! How can fish taste this awesome? Garlic, salt, mushrooms... It all worked so well.Pro tip: request the Thai condiments (assortment of peppers; dried and pickled) - it's sure to add more than enough heat to your dish!!Prices were more than fair given the quality and quantity. This place is so awesome and so legit. Please go and enjoy. Staff is wonderful, welcoming and very sincere and genuine. If they're busy, be a little patient - you'll be rewarded with outstanding food and grateful servers!
5	Looking over my other reviews, it seems I really only review a place if I love it or hate it... I guess I just can't get it up to review unless I'm swooning or pissed.So, I feel just compelled to review this place, despite the plethora of 5-stars they've received in their short time here. I also have the urge (despite my annoyance at myself) to relate that is likely the most "authentic" (cringe) Thai food I've eaten in Madison, despite the prevalence of Lao-Thai-Vietnamese food all over town. The waitstaff made a point of letting us know that it's the only Thai-owned restaurant in the area (with so much Lao food here, which we love, I don't doubt it). It definitely conjures up flavor memories of traveling in Thailand, the same way other places bring back memories of Laos, and that's all I'll say about that...We've eaten from Monsoon Siam twice now, once in the restaurant (they must have been just recently opened as we were the only people there) and once getting take-out.The food was excellent both times... so far we've had: fried spring rolls, the ka pow crispy squid, massaman curry, the pad thai, pad fresh ginger, drunken noodles, papaya salad (best in town!), Everything was fresh, well-presented, and amazing. The fried squid was a standout, with a fairly light fried texture and spicy-sweet coating. If I had any gripes, it would be that take-out is just under the amount needed to really pig out multiple times, but 2 meals provided enough for dinner and lunch for 2 people, so what am I talking about?The waitstaff was super nice both times (even when I was just picking up), but more important they were ON IT and damn EFFICIENT. I don't know if they brought any staff up from NC (except for the owner-chef) when they opened this branch, but these people know how to run a restaurant.We'll continue to visit our favorite Lao-Thai places (Sala Thai 4eva!) in town but the addition of Monsoon Siam to the roster has taken it up a notch.
4	Hello Hello hello....A new Thai restaurant in town! How ecstatic I was upon hearing this good news from my Thai friend who recommended this place to me almost a month ago: "Try it, Nelly! You'll love it. I can say the food is authentic."I had no doubt about her suggestion, the only thing stopped me from coming earlier to this place was my schedule! It sucked!Weeks after that, Yelp brought my attention that we have a new Thai restaurants in town. I was surprised that Yelpers have reviewed it. Wow. So quick. Reading one of the elites' reviews, I couldn't hold it any longer: I had to give this place a try. It was yesterday, after a long day and Madison was still raining, hubby and I drove to the east part of Madison. While we're familiar with the area, we happened to miss it. It's smaller compared to other Thai restaurant in town. We passed it so we had to make a turn to be finally able to find it!We parked at the back of the building- very convenient. We ordered the sun-dried beef, which was GOOD. It reminded me of an Indonesian dish which is very similar. My tongue can recognize the taste right away. As the main dishes, we ordered chicken green curry and drunken noodles. We were happy!The sticky rice and mango was another goodie. It was coming in a decent portion- not too big, but the taste had it all!Try their hot Thai too! It comes in a big pot and tastes fresh!
4	The first time I went I was impressed, the second time it was closed when Yelp indicated it was open (Sunday it is closed between 15:00-17:00). Still I plan to return because I think there is a lot of potential here. Third time is a charm, I got in for lunch tried two new dishes and the papaya salad all were great. If you are going exclusively for Thai in my opinion this might just be the best Thai place in town
4	Very good Thai food here.I tried some of the apps and then had the green curry. Papaya salad and the sun dried beef were the appetizers that stood out. Papaya salad was fresh and tangy and just spicy enough without being overwhelming. I Was surprised by the lack of fish sauce, which instead I have seen in many traditional Thai places (including in Thailand). I have to say, I like this departure from tradition. Makes the salad more palatable for me. Sun died beef was just good food. Chewy and sweet and salty and generally good.The green curry was delicious! Layer on layer of flavor and a spiciness that slowly builds up, while not overpowering the aromatic flavor of the Thai basil. I would recommend extra rice and a friend to share the pretty generous serving of curry.My only complaint is that they did not have any Asian/Thai beer, only craft US bier. I realize this might be a plus to many, but craft beer to me are just not that good: way too heavy and often very flat.Service was very friendly: both the chef and the manager are very cheerful and their passion for the food shines through when they talk to customers.Will be back for more thai!
4	More love for Monsoon Siam! The food was delicious, and the waitstaff was kind and attentive, without being overly so. You could tell this was the kind of place that the owner and employees were proud of. And with good reason! Most of the food we had was great, but the real stand outs were definitely the papaya salad (as others have said!) and the khao soi, which might be my favorite one-dish meal ever (the only other place in town I've been able to get it is Sa-Bai Thong, and there you have to know to request it, as it's not on the regular menu). Our table also ordered the spicy eggplant (good, but not amazing), the pad ginger (lots of good ginger flavor!), and the lemongrass chili tofu (beautiful presentation, but the tofu texture was lacking--really the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5). Oh, and we also had a baby with us, who was treated kindly, even amid some fussing. We will be back!
5	In town for a week and decided to have some thai. Very glad we did as we both had the best curries we've EVER had!! Loved it so much we went back the next night for more. I would have licked the bowl if it wasn't inappropriate.
4	Love it!! So glad I visited with my girls, thanks to recommendations from fellow yelpers!!!Decent clean setup, with booths and tables that can cater to larger groups of 10. Surprisingly it was rather busy on a weekday! The servers and cooks seem to be Thai, so food is authentic. Service was overall attentive, but our server forgot our Thai iced tea and insisted on bringing us after we cancelled it later on.Food:Sun dried beef - nice marinate and great meat. Not sure I would say its as good as other yelpers have made it sound like but I definitely would order it againPad see ew - love the fat thick noodles. Sauce is a little bit sweet just like it should be!!Pad Thai - pad Thai was decent. According to my friends, it is better than sa bai thong! Quality and price.Will be back! They also do take out, which is another option for people in a hurry
4	We ordered take out and was very pleased. Their green chicken curry was AWESOME. Be ware, it has a MAJOR kick!! Holy spicy, my tongue and lips are on fire. But so good you just cannot stop. We also got the shrimp fried rice which was also good but the green curry sticks out most so I will have to try another curry next time. Delicious! The curry is 5 stars for sure!!!!
4	After reading all the good reviews I got so excited to try this restaurant so I convinced my boyfriend to take me there today, I even showed him the pictures posted here on yelp so that I could get him into the mood, hey, some of us have to work a little bit harder to get to places you know.Once we headed there the address got a little bit confusing for us, we had to call the place to guide us. It is a very simple place, however, food was neatly presented on each plate, nice portion sizes and it really felt made with love and care. To start, we had to have the papaya salad, it was wonderful, sweet, tangy and spicy (we had teared eyes) but I don't mind, I would definitely order it again, it was so fresh and the shrimp on top was really good (it had like a very light tempura breading). For our entrees, My boyfriend had the River Monster (he joked saying"I hope I don't have to ask for a bigger table") but he didn't have to, it was a "monster Jr.":)  anyway, this fish smelled and looked very good (he really enjoyed it to the last tiny bone), he had a cilantro lime sauce on the side and he liked it also. I had the Rama Tofu, the tofu was breaded and it came in a bed of broccoli with a delicious thick peanut sauce on top and some fried onions. On the menu it says the tofu it's crispy but it wasn't and that dissapointed me a little bit, for me, the star of the dish it's the sauce, if it wasn't for that it would have been bland. Our waitress was really nice. I'm sure we will come back hungry for more.
5	Spectacular food. The best papaya salad I've had in the states. Green curry is wonderful as well.
5	Great food, really friendly people. If you want real Thai food, this is definitely the place you want to go. I am Thai, I love eating and I have been eating at every Thai and Thai-Lao restaurants in Madison. This is the best!!We ordered 4 dishes, and one of them was my favorite but it was not on the menu. I asked them if they might have it. They said they can make it, and It was wonderful! It feels like home. We were excited for food and we enjoyed talking to the staff, so I didn't take any photos. Everything was great. The portion is not too big, which is great because I can order many things.Monsoon Siam2 just opened one week before me and my boyfriend moved from Madison, which is sad, but we will be back every time we are back in town! Promise.
3	Hmm... Good Thai cuisine, but so far not great. A bit of sticker shock, particularly once you see the entree portion/serving size for carry out, relative to similar restaurants in the area dishing out generous servings at a reasonable price. The dishes were decent, not the best, by no means the worst. We'll try again.
2	Stopped in with a friend for lunch. The lunch special prices ($7.99) were what really lured us in the door. It was a sadly mediocre experience.You get a lot of food for your money, which I was excited about. But when I started eating my Pad Fresh Ginger, I noticed the flavors were all over the place. One bite was way too salty, another bite was funky. The quality of the chicken seemed to be pretty good, and was plentiful. But overall, it just tasted unpleasant and was very greasy. The lunch special came with a cup of soup and an egg roll. The soup tasted fine, but was only sparsely adorned with vegetables. The eggroll was a greasy, bland little nugget.My friend ordered the Ka Pow, which was equally greasy and underwhelming. Our server was fine, and the space was inviting enough. Too bad the food was pretty forgettable. I would not recommend this place.
4	Overall an enjoyable meal. I'll certainly will go back. I ordered both the drunken noodles with pork and the yellow curry with chicken. The drunken noodles were prepared with a rich spicy garlic sauce - but I thought a bit too salty. The yellow curry with chicken had a bold slightly sweet flavor profile. The potato was slightly undercooked. The curry sauce had a very smooth and satisfying texture. I didn't specify a hot or spice level. Both dishes came with what I'd call medium spice level. While I thought the drunken noodles were overly spicy I found them very satisfying - I couldn't keep my chop sticks out of them. Both certainly had enough spice to get a good brow sweat going. If you wanted more spice a 3-dish condiment "rack" was available. I didn't indulge - but companions did. One seemed to be a red chili spice powder, another a vinegar based chili sauce and some sort of red chili oil. Bonus: Brown rice available for $1.50 up charge.Round Two: this time we ordered for delivery. I'd have to say the delivered food was better than our previous sit down experience. I re ordered the Drunken Noodles and Yellow Curry - This time both with Chicken.  During my first dining experience I thought the dishes were a bit heavy handed with the salt. Not so tonight - great flavor balance and profile.
5	Excellent everything - including the service!  Seriously, you won't be disappointed.  Stopped here while in Madison for business.
5	My new favourite restaurant is Monsoon Siam,Compared to other Thai restaurants, this one's the Grand Slam!The staff are so attentive and sweet,Whatever you order it's bound to be a treat,And the papaya salad is the bomb, it'll make your mouth go ka-blam!
5	Born and raised in Thailand and as a foodie, I can tell you that this is the only authentic Thai restaurant in Madison. The taste is actually like what you would get when you visit Thailand. The service is very impressive yet sometimes slow due to limited number of staffs. We ordered Kao Soi (with beef is recommended), Drunken noodle (3 stars may be too spicy if you are not familiar with Thai chilli), Mussamun curry, and pineapple fried rice; everything was delicious. I would definitely go there as often as I could. Strongly recommended.
4	I stumbled on this place between meetings. When you enter you are greeted by friendly weight staff. I was seated right away. i ordered the Panang Curry with chicken, which is my go-to in Thai restaurants. The portions were long and the food came quickly. The prices are also reasonable. Of the various Thai places i've been too in Madison this curry was the best! (better even than hay long bay - which is where I normally go for Thai - fusion) In fact the curry reminded me of a Thai restaurant that i frequent back in New York City. I look forward to coming back to Monsoon Siam again and trying some of their other dishes.
3	People be buggin about the sun dried beef. So I ordered it. It's aiiiiiiight. The texture is great but I was mislead when I read Sriracha on the description. Thought it was gonna be marinaded with it, not get it on the side. Drunken noodles was the litmus. Was good. Not about to slap my mama over how good it was...but not about to slap the chef for a refund either. Those cigar rolls looked unappealing. Looked like Mutombos long ass fingers. But they were solid. Wished for more spice in that curry, but the "demographics" prolly wouldn't be down - and you gotta keep those door open for business so I feel ya on that. Papaya salad was BOMB. And why? The fish sauce dressing was what I hoped for and it was there. Don't serve it to those vegetarians without it. Treatin papaya like noodles is genius. I'd hit it again but dine-in this time.
4	If you're at all familiar with Madison's near east side, you know there's no shortage of Asian eateries. And after living in Tucson for 7 years where Asian was just as popular as solid Sonoran food is in Madison (read: not at all popular), I'm a-ok with the plethora of near east eats in my hood.  Their fresh roll, although super simply in nature, is my favorite way to start a meal, lunch, dinner, dine-in or take-out. A thin rice paper is wrapped around avocado, carrot and lettuce, cut into pieces, and served alongside a zippy little plum sauce that's better spread with a knife than dipped because of it's thick consistency. I know people sing praises for their sun dried beef, but that starter doesn't do it for me. Their crispy egg rolls about the size of a cigar cut in half are ok, but nothing tops that fresh roll in my opinion. From there, I'd say explore any of their curries or dishes with tofu. I'm not a tofu lover, but something about the way they prepare theirs makes it so it's firm and almost meaty. The spicy tofu with basil is incredible, and the lemongrass version is delectable too. I've had several chicken dishes, fried rice and even went rogue and did a yellow curry with seafood (mix of shrimp, clams, mussels and baby scallops) and enjoyed it all. I'll say that stir fry can be a little one-noted, in the sense that many of them taste the same, so if you're going in a group, pick dishes from different parts of the menu. Another super simple dish but one that packs a wealth of flavor is their house salad. It comes alongside lunch specials, weekdays until 3pm, or it's $4.50 and perfect for sharing at dinner. Romaine, carrots, cukes, and cherry tomatoes are dressed with a tangy ginger dressing I want to drink! The stellar staff, local beer, and decent wine selection complete the experience. And although a neon light flashes "OPEN," which can be a touch jarring if you're facing it, the interior stills feels comfy cozy.
4	Absolutely fabulous. Had the chicken satay, dried beef, and pad cashew nut. I couldn't get enough of it all, so delicious! The staff is super friendly and sweet. Only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is we tried to order delivery a bit late and were told we could from the restaurant and to call a different delivery number, but the delivery number said they were not open. A bit complicated with no result!
5	We went here a couple weekends ago for dinner.  IT WAS EXCELLENT!Followed Matt W's suggestions.  We had the papaya salad, and the sun dried beef for our appetizers.  Man, were they good!For our entree's, we had the Drunken Noodles w/chicken, and the River Monster.  I loved both, hubby said he would of rather had another order or two of the sun-dried beef.We will definitely be returning!  I'm thinking the Tofu Angel next time.....
5	Chron Jon!!!  Super fast and friendly service. A+Way better then anywhere else around! Must say way to make my day!
5	Since it has opened, Monsoon Siam has quickly become one of my favorites in the area, and it's now on my regular visit rotation. Although their service is good, the staff is nice, and the prices are reasonable, I keep coming back here for two main reasons: The dishes, and how fast they come to the table.Concerning the food: There's a lot more variety on the menu than one would expect. Some of the specials are interesting and unique concoctions, like the lemongrass tofu and tofu angel. Otherwise, there's a lot of classics to choose from as well, like the Pad Thai, and the selection of curries. One aspect I really like is that in the dishes where you can choose your protein, you can pick a tofu BALL, which is different from your regular old tofu in that it's deep-fried and packed with herbs. I very much recommend trying those at least once.And all of this food comes to you FAST. Like I put in an order with 1 other person, and the dishes came to us in 4 minutes. It's almost too fast, because it makes me wonder if they're even made to order. But they're delicious regardless, so who cares? The speed of the service always makes me consider Monsoon Siam when i'm in a pinch for time and am feeling too lazy to cook.With all that said, I can say that even if you think that there's too many Thai places in Madison, Monsoon Siam is still well worth your time to check out.
5	Some of the freshest and most delicious Thai food I've ever had! Monsoon Siam is so yummy. My entire family loved everything we ate. Only comment was that the food was a little spicy, but we tend to have a pretty weak spice tolerance, haha.For appetizers we ordered the Cigar Rolls, Papaya Salad and Sun-dried Beef. The Sun-dried Beef was our favorite for sure, and a bite of that and the Papaya Salad was the bomb. For our entrees we ordered Pad Thai with chicken, Green Curry with pork, Crying Tiger and Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil. Like I said before, everything was delicious. Our waitress recommended the Roasted Tofu dish and Crying Tiger and she definitely steered us in the right direction. The Roasted Tofu was my favorite dish, followed by the Green Curry as a close second. And last but definitely not least, dessert. Let me just say that if you go here, YOU MUST GET THE FRIED ICE CREAM! It's amazing! I've only ever had fried ice cream at Mexican restaurants where it's more crusted. But here it's actually fried with a yummy dough around it. Somehow they manage to make it light, yet fried dough-y and totally delicious. I would return just for this dessert in a heartbeat.
5	Ok, here's the thing. Monsoon Siam has become my east side jam. I'm here at least once a week it seems for meetings, solo lunches, take-out, whatever! It's just sort of a perfect place! And the fact that they totally did the outdoors up for Halloween just makes me smile! Recently I've fallen in love with anything that includes tofu. Not normally a soy fan, I have to say these folks know how to cook it, and they know how to sauce it up so it's plate licking good! The fried tofu is insane, and the lemongrass tofu on the fist page of specials is just plain nuts. Deep fried lemon grass? Yeeeeeassss. I like that lunches come with your choice of soup or salad and a small lil spring roll. It's a good amount of food for around seven bucks, and faster than a speeding bullet. I sat down and placed an order last week and could barely get comfy before my order was up.
5	THANK YOU cool yelp eliters for guiding me to yet another wonderful spot. I've passed this on Atwood but it never stood out enough to convince me to take a night off of my usual Thai places.The reviews all are correct - the food here is fantastic. It's super casual so it's somewhere I would go if you're really just looking to treat your taste buds for a low key dinner. I want to try ordering delivery, but the fees are such that I would probably only do it with a large group. Here are some of the highlights:Tom Kha soup: this coconut broth soup is a favorite of mine and something I use to compare Thai restaurants because it usually doesn't vary so much. Monsoon Siam probably served the most unique version I've ever tasted; it was tangy and I want to say citrusy! I also liked that you could order mushrooms with this instead of the usual tofu or chicken. Sun dried beef: ordered this because of a yelp review that claimed people "sing praises" to this dish. After one bite, we were singing praises. It's sooo flavorful and not overly dry! A lot of food for $7, easy to share with at least 3 people.Red curry: spicy (be warned if you can't take the heat) without losing the inherent flavor of the dish. Very brothy, which I personally prefer. I got the tofu because of a yelper who said they don't typically love tofu but this tofu is an exception. I totally agree; the texture is sophisticated and it really takes the flavor of the dish.Pad see ew: fluffy noodles! Great with tofu. My friend who ordered this was so happy!My friend is a huuuuge Ha Long Bay guy, and admitted that Monsoon Siam's food is better! Can't wait to come back and try more!
5	We had the cigar rolls, Tom yum with shrimp, green curry and pad pik pow. Best was pad pik pow- it was very flavorful. Tom yum was good but not as complex as others I've tried. Portions are large. Everything was fresh, spicy and tasty. Good service. Highly recommend.
3	Our meal was fine, but the decor was very spartan. I don't honestly remember much about this meal, so A-Ok it is.
4	Sooo..I came here on a very empty stomach, after not eating a thing at all for the last 22 hours, I was very hungry.  My roommates suggested this as soon as I got home, I was so very down from some Thai food. We started our meal off with the Chicken Satay, that came with a cucumber relish that to me resembled almost like a vinaigrette, and as well as a peanut sauce, which I wasn't too fond of, but my roommates loved it. We also got the Cigar Rolls as well which was almost like a spring roll, but had potato, peas, and onion in them, and came with a sweet and sour sauce...fantastic!I ended up ordering the Kao Pad Ka Pow, a fried rice entree (with three little chili peppers next to its name...so I was of course drawn to that.) Ka Pow had nice big strips of red bell pepper, and onions, and a few smaller bites of chili atop a bed of jasmine fried rice in a garlic spicy cause and a few basil leaves. So so good. I ended up eating maybe a fourth of it, probably because I was scarfing down the first few bites. But I gladly have my left overs in the fridge ready for tomorrows lunch at work.I'm giving only 4 stars because the staff was a bit off to me. One waitress had a leopard head hat on, and was on her phone constantly.  But everything else was very inviting, awesome environment, kind of a cozy little place.
5	I went to Monsoon Siam with the Madison Review Crew meetup group with the intention of writing a review.  Then, a day before, a member of the group writes that he can't come,  but is looking forward to hearing if it is indeed of authentic Thai quality,  since he is Thai,  and he cooks traditional foods here at home.So.  Is Monsoon Siam authentic Thai?  Is it Thai traditional, fresh, authentic, vivid?I have no idea!   It could be authentic Serbo-Croatian for all I know - - I have never been to Thailand - - but whatever it is, they should not change ANYTHING,  because this is splendid cuisine.  The presentation - - just the very looks of the meal?   You will be tempted to let it sit getting cold on the plate for 45 minutes,  staring at it,  just because it LOOKS so gorgeous.   If you were really small, or got down really low to the table, and looked at them, it would be like going to Disneyland for the first time - - it would be that colorful and fantastical.And same with the flavors.   The three dishes we got - - one was big, broad, flat, floppy noodles that were sublime delicious (with just a touch of sweetness);  another was crispy squid done up luscious with smatterings of fresh herbs and veggie touches, and you just wish that the dish was big as a house, instead of just a regular portion, because you could eat it nonstop for a month;  the last was minced chicken with spices in a thin flaky-formed shell that was super hot but unlike anything else anywhere.   All three dishes were electrifyingly interesting, pretty, and delicious. And did I mention the cigar roll appetizer?  No, I did not yet mention the cigar roll appetizer.  It was like egg rolls, but actually FUN.  The texture was the thing - - it made life more interesting and alive, just sharing one of the three cigar rolls in this appetizer.  When was the last time you could say that about an egg roll?Service was great, because these were (also) real people, enjoying themselves, and being themselves, and loving what they were doing.(BTW:  the company was great too!)
5	Our new favorite Thai place amongst many good choices. Nicely executed dishes ranging from the expected to the unexpected. That crazy-spicy fried tilapia thing is great--wow. Drunken Noodles are excellent too. Tiny little space, but service is good. Even take-out Pad Thai is really good. Been here four times and it's 4-for-4.
4	Monsoon Siam is the kind of place I'd like to eat lunch at regularly. If only they were in Denver. Gah!Corey D took me here for lunch on a recent trip to Madison when I said I wanted to eat something that wasn't too heavy and preferably vegetarian. I ended up ordering a Chef's Special which was so, so good. It was called the Tofu Angel and came with pan-fired marinated tofu, Bok Choy. carrots, mushrooms and scallions topped withspicy, sweet, and sour sauce and was served on steamed wide noodle. It was the perfect portion size and cost $13.We also shared a fresh roll which consists of lettuce, avocado and carrots wrapped with rice paper, and served with a peanut sauce. Also delicious.The food comes fast, it's fresh, and the service is nice. It's all the things I could want in a lunch restaurant and I would definitely go back the next time I'm in Madison.
5	Great service, great food, and incredible fried ice-cream!  I like the sun dried beef a lot.  Happy to have this place in my neighborhood!
4	Great food, ordered for pickup and they had our food ready quickly. We had pad Thai with seafood and tofu plus chicken satay. Great light sauce paired with peanut sauce!
5	BEST most DELICIOUS  and FANTASTIC thai food in madison hands down!having lived in nyc for 10 yrs and travelled through thallandthis is EASILY my FAVORITE THAI PLACE IN MADISONmy litmus test for any thai place is chicken pad si ew.they knock it out of the park.everything else is solidwe have explored the menu since their opening and we have difficulty finding anything we dislikefavs:papaya friespad si ewginger chickenpinapple fried ricered currywhole fish CRISPY!!!beef saladcrying tigerHIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!we do take out once a week....yum!also:  wait staff is friendly accommodating and prompt
4	So let me start by saying this- their food is fabulous! Really! Really Yummy! My husband and I started with the Sun Dried Beef. I could eat this for every meal, every day.I ordered PLA PAD PED. Its a spicy crispy Tilapia dish for $15. I got four really good sized pieces of Tilapia! Where else in Madison can you get that much Tilapia for that price? Plus the flavors were spot on.The only disappointment was the drink, the Thai ice tea tasted a little fermented. I was not a fan of that.Now lets talk service. The service was really friendly. We had some hiccups in the beginning. Delay in getting drinks and a missing appetizer. It took us telling two people to get it fixed but they were really nice about it and attempted to fix it quickly. At the end of dinner when we asked for the check to be split - they were more than willing to do it. So Yay! Points for that.  There were 5 of us and the check needed to be split four ways. We were told to initial by the card that was  going to pay for the item on the recipet. It seemed simple enough for us and  them. Unfortunately it took them a long time (about 20 mins) to do it. I suppose if I had known that I would have asked not to split it and we would have figured it ourselves later. But they were so nice about it I cannot be upset but next time will not ask for a check to be split.So the service need a little work, and the thai ice tea a little disappointing but everything else was beyond delicious! This place has some seriously good food. And I will be back.
3	We ordered the sun dried beef as an appetizer.  I got the Southern Heat and my dining partner ordered the Andaman noodles.  The sun dried beef was just okay.  I didn't love it.  I was expecting an intense burst of flavor, and while flavorful, I just wasn't impressed.  The meat tasted too beefy for me and I felt that the flavoring came mostly from marinating in soy sauce.  My friend liked it and said he would order it again.My dish, the Southern Heat, had minced chicken stir fried with lemongrass and other herbs.  The menu displayed 4 peppers next to it and it was SPICY! I love my dishes spicy and it was a thrilling kind of heat, but probably much too spicy for most people.  The dish reminded me of the Hmong dish laab.  I liked it, but found it heavy on oil.  It came with some steamed bland vegetables, and the minced chicken was in a fried shell that was dripping with oil by the end.  A side of rice helped the spice and oil. My friend asked for the Andaman noodles to be made spicy.  He requested it to have 3 peppers, but there was barely any spice when we ate it.  Their spice scale seems to be exponential rather than linear.  The Andaman noodles were a curried noodles with shrimp and shredded crab meat.  I felt that the crab meat was unnecessary.  The curry flavor overwhelmed any crab taste.  Neither of us was a fan of this dish.  They have a full bar it seems, but the server never brought a drink list or beer list.  I would also really like them to have a stronger fan since my clothes and I came away smelling like stir fry.
5	This restaurant exceeded expectations. -The servers were friendly and the service was fast-The food tasted great and seemed authentic-Well priced (dinner entrees were only around $12)They even made us fried ice cream that was delicious for free since it was my brother's birthday. Overall I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a relatively fast, inexpensive, and tasty meal
2	The food at Monsoon Siam was delicious. There were enough quirks and drawbacks in the service and ambiance, however, to make it unlikely that I return soon. We ordered tom ka soup with mushrooms as a starter and the spicy roasted tofu with basil and the spicy eggplant with tofu for entrees. The soup came with one spoon and I asked for a second. It came from behind me as the server passed it over a wall dividing the dining area from the kitchen over my shoulder, which was really awkward. I ordered brown rice ($1.99) with my meal, but white rice ($0.99) came instead. It took a long while before the server checked in so that by the time my brown rice did come, we had nearly finished our meal. Our plates were ice cold (though the food was hot) which wasn't a pleasant sensation.The soup and the entrees were all quite tasty, though the tofu in my stir fry was more deep fried than stir fried (as advertised). The portions were adequate, but I had no leftovers like I usually look forward to at Lao Laan Xang. The roasted tofu entree comes with a side of steamed carrots, snowpeas, and cabbage that were essentially a flavorless plate filler. A final drawback: the restaurant was freezing. It was so cold that we ate in our winter jackets and stared at the video playing of a fireplace hoping it would help. The kitchen staff and some of the servers were wearing hats and gloves to stay warm, and other patrons were dining in their big winter hats. Given that I had sought out Monsoon Siam for a hot, fiery meal to ward off the January cold, a cold restaurant was definitely a turnoff. I'd order delivery from here in the future, provided they remember my brown rice. I'll likely wait until summer to try dining in again because I just don't want to be that cold when I'm eating.
