5	This is the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. I've hit a million of these hole in the wall americanized chinese joints all over the country and this is by far the best I've ever had. It is the Americanized Chinese food we all love, just better. Their egg rolls are like crack.....Mmmmm the egg rolls, the orange beef is really great too.  There are a couple of tables, but to the most part it is a take out restaurant.
5	So depressed that since the economy in China has been doing so well they took all the really good Chinese restaurants with them by packing them in their George Jetson suitcases or something. YOU MUST EAT HERE THIS IS AN ORDER FROM YOUR TASTEBUDS!!!!The orange beef is mind blowing!!!!! OMG....Eggs rolls that are vegetable are not supposed to taste good and these are awesome!Wont Ton Soup is not bad but just ok however The Almond Chicken nad the ORANGE BEEF OMG--- Madison do not tell me we have no good Chinese!  The owner also delivers! Wooooooot The amount of food you get and the quality for your money is really awesome! I cannot wait to try other dishes! There are two small tables if you want to eat in.. The owners are super nice and friendly! I have eaten Chinese in Chicago, San Francisco, Las Vegas- Nevada,SAN DIEGO  (lived there for many years in fact) Florida, yep been lots of places this is AWESOME...
4	My hopes were high for this place but they don't have the best Chinese food I have ever eaten.  But they do have good food.  The restaurant is neat and clean and the people who served me were dressed nicely.  One delivery person looked like he was in uniform.  Nice touch.  They were polite, attentive and pleasant.The egg rolls were delicious as was the veg fried rice.   The Mongolian Beef and the Orange Beef were good but didn't "wow" me.  I personally loved the egg drop soup and the hot sour soup.   Their soups were the best I have ever tasted in Madison.The sweet sour chicken was just average.I was really hoping for some over the top flavors in the main entrees and that didn't happen.   Thus I give 4 stars.
4	I had a desire for greasy, American Chinese food and this place delivered. Thanks Tom. I had no idea that this little gem was sitting on Gammon Road in Middleton. The only complaint I have is that the fried rice was a little salty. The chicken was white, tender and he kept the sauce separate. That is huge! The rangoon were excellent. Its been so long since I have written a good review I am a little at a loss for words. I will say his prices a little high, he thinks he is PF Changs. His food is ten times better but his prices are on par. Oh well, Thanks Tom. I may return.
5	One of my top 3 favorite Chinese restaurants in town.  The owners are awesome, and the food is just amazing.  You will not find better hot and sour soup in Madison (If you do, please correct me, I'll accept the challenge :)  Their Kung Pao chicken is also the best you'll find in town.  Fugu's is also good (they have 2 versions there), as is Orient House's (they use Sichuan Peppercorn!!).  But in my opinion, Tom's still beats both of them flavor wise.  If you like heat, be sure to ask for extra spicy, because they usually tame it down with the heat.  Extra scallions make a nice addition too, YUM.What I really need to try are some of their more traditional Chinese dishes, such as the Ma-Po Tofu, Spicy Eggplant, and twice cooked pork.  Looks like the there's a chicken dish with sichuan peppercorn too (flower pepper chicken)!I should also point out that this place is pretty much carryout.  They have 2 tables, but don't necessarily count on getting one.  You'll be lucky if you do.
5	AWESOME!  Excellent prices and delicious food. I ordered Mongolian Beef minus mushrooms- my meal was superb. Best Mongolian beef I've ever had! The owner was friendly and talkative. I'll be eating here again next time I'm in Madison.
4	I have a love/hate relationship with Chinese food.  I get super duper excited about what I'm going to eat, usually go when I'm starving, and end up eating way too much.  Then comes the stomach ache and hours of guild.  I know what you're thinking, "just have a little will power!" Well, I don't have any!!!But what made me extra excited about this place was that my entree (cashew chicken) was chock full of veggies, and it wasn't heavy at all.  After my meal I felt actually decent and no guilt at all.  WOO!The only thing is that when you order an entree with a pepper (supposed to be spicy) it doesn't have much heat.  So if you're afraid of the spice, don't be.  It's really mild.  I'm just really excited now to go to a Chinese restaurant that doesn't make me feel icky afterwards.  Holler!
4	Great food! Huge, generous portions of flavorful food! Much different from other "out of the box" chinese restuarants! 1-liter of Egg Drop Soup for $1.50 that was great. I have never found a better price and honestly, top-tier quality. Be careful though! The Ma Po Tofu is darn spicy!
3	I want to rate this place "Meh. I've experienced better," but it definitely deserves more than 2 stars (I don't really agree with the rating system on here all the time). Therefore, this place gets 3 stars, but grudgingly.The food was fine. There was really not much memorable about it, but it wasn't bad and they delivered it right on time. Prices were very fair, so we'll probably end up ordering delivery from them again.
4	Ordered the kung pao chicken and mongolian beef and both were great- although not really spicy at all. Ingredients were very fresh. Do not leave here without ordering the hot and sour soup! SO GOOD and has a decent kick AND only $1.75!
4	This is by far the best Chinese take out in Madison. It's your typical American style Chinese food, but it's well prepared and very reasonably priced. My husband loves their fish dishes and I love the beef lo mein made spicy. We have also enjoyed their egg rolls and crab rangoons. Toms Red Pepper is the only place we will get Chinese take out anymore. Delivery took over an hour on a Friday night, so now we normally go pick it up. There is almost no seating inside, so i wouldn't suggest eating there.
1	Very very rude. Good food but just terrible service! Terrible!
4	It took us a long time to find a go-to chinese restaurant in Madison, but Tom's is it. We've tried a lot if different things and all of them have been very good (although, I would steer clear of the Kung Pao Shrimp, there are better things on the menu). Also, Tom delivers the food personally and he's very friendly, plus the delivery tends to come faster than they tell you.
1	The egg roll was awful-very greasy. The Kung bao shrimp was unlike any we had ever seen. It was very tasteless. The eggplant with shrimp and pork had a lot of flavor and a large portion. The prices were very high for take out. We won't be going back.
4	My friend is a Hot N Sour Soup fan, he said that the soup, while it's good- it's not really hot n sour.  He did say that there are red pepper that make it hot but that's it.  I had the cashew shrimp and pot stickers(dumplings).  The dumplings are tasty and the sauce has red pepper flakes in it and possibly a little bit of red pepper oil?  I'm not big on super heat, so I was guarded about trying it.  It was very tasty.  The Cashew Shrimp has more veges in it than other restaurants and I LOVE IT!  There were bits of carrots, water chestnuts, greens and nice amount of shrimp to boot!
1	after being on hold for over 5 min, I was told (after taking my order that was close to 30 bucks) that delivery was 30 dollars minimum. When I mentioned that the menu and their webpage said 15 dollars for delivery he told me "today the delivery is 30 dollars, if you want it order more." I hung up the phone. was rude, curt and tried to change the print on their menu that I printed from their site. Will not eat there ever, and I work very close. Their loss. Try Jade Garden, at least they take your order and don't try to screw you because their policy does not fit them that day,
1	Like another review here, their website says $15 min for delivery. They told me minimum 20 "for our area" and had me waiting forever after talking to 3 different people. It may be good but they weren't very nice and the site is misleading. Then they just hung up like they didn't care.They also don't have Orange Chicken, my personal fav. The food may be good but it wasn't a good experience trying to get delivery.
4	Having lived in the San Francisco bay area as well as having been to China several times (where the food is no better than you can get in the Bay Area!) I can say with conviction that great Chinese food does not exist in the Midwest.  That said, Tom's Red Pepper is your best option for Chinese food on the west side of Madison (Soga Shabu-Shabu and Ichiban are probably the best in Madison).  I live 3 minutes away so have never ordered delivery (figure it'll be hotter if I get it myself!) so I can't comment on that.  But when we're in the mood for Chinese food, Tom's is our go-to choice.  The owners are there every time (I think Tom also does most of the deliveries) and are nice, friendly, hardworking people. And yeah, you do get a lot of food for your money, but unlike most Chinese restaurants in Madison you can actually look forward to eating the leftovers.
3	Live nearby and love Chinese food, especially Szechuan. Chose the Kung Bao as one of their Szechuan entries. Looked in vain for veggies in the dish, and tasted in vain for the hot, numbing flavor that characterize this dish in the more authentic versions. I'm guessing is that they prepared and cooked it according to Western or American tastes, which tend toward sweet rather something with something that fires up your palate. If that's what you want from Szechuan, here's the place.
5	Food was ready really fast - called in and 10 minutes later I picked it up. Sweet and sour chicken was fantastic and nicely packaged. Sauce was separated in own container so it didn't get soggy.
1	Terrible. The General Tsao's chicken was clearly a reheated leftover from the prior night. The mystery meat in the BBQ pork dish was indigestible. The only decent item was the crab Rangoon. First and last time ordering from here.
4	Ordered take out from this place and I was pretty impressed. The food is fairly authentic and the delivery was fast. Tom (the owner) delivered the food himself. He was extremely friendly and courteous. I haven't dined in the restaurant, but I will definitely order from here again. Delicious hot Chinese food delivered promptly to your door! Who can argue with that?
4	Having been to this restaurant many times I was always impressed with the food. Taste was good; certain menu options packed some heat.  Tom uses a bit more oil than I would prefer but it is something that I can look past.  Some of my favorites there are the curry chicken, seafood combination, empress chicken, or the chicken rice soup.  You can always stop in to place your order then go next door to the nitty gritty for a cold beer before going back to get your takeout.....just a thought.
2	This review is based off of one experience with this place.  I will update when/if I try it again.Ordered some General Tso's and was disappointed.  The chicken was very tough.  There was too much sauce for my liking.  It didn't come with any vegetables, which I know isn't always standard, but I usually like a little broccoli or stir fry in there.  The rice was fine.
