3	I believe Gabriel Jewelers has at least two locations.The Serene location is the one I have personal experience with.   The other may be on Pecos...Serene shop is small but plenty of jewelry to see.I focused on a small collection of bridal sets.  Very nice stones.  Some are large enough to demand steep prices.  Several rings with stones close to one carat are a bit high in price for the average consumer.  Gabriel does the typical price it high and give a 50% discount instead of pricing fair to begin with.This is Veeeerrryyy common throughout Vegas as I've come to find out.Keep in mind that you are the boss and have to know what you are looking for and market prices to back up any offer below asking price.I declined to inquire further about price since the saleswoman seem to be in a rush with many customers in the store.  The attitude seemed to be "here is the price, take it or leave it."  I left it.Again, the rings were of good quality...no complaints there. Service was prompt and good natured.I hear Gabriel's has a decent reputation and so chooses to build that into the price.  I'd rather put up with a lesser known name with a written guarantee AND a fair market value price than pay for just a name.  For Pete's sake, people are looking to save money these days, not drop a fortune on a bridal set!However, I do recommend you check out Gabriel's just to get a feel for what is out there.
1	The customer service at this place is just plain awful. I had looked up jewelry repair on yelp and saw that none of the places in my area had exceptional reviews so I decided to go to the manufactures website to see if they had any approved jewelers and once again this place came up so I decided to call them. A woman answered the phone with a voice that sounded like I had just woken her up. When I started to ask how much a battery change would be I didn't get more then two words out before she interrupted me and said "HEY cant you call back later, were not even open right now!" in a rude tone. One I don't like being interrupted and two if you are not open and you don't want to help then don't answer the phone. Very simple.
1	Stay away from the Serene location unless you like extremely rude employees. I wish I had read the other reviews before I went there for jewelry repair. Do yourself a favor, go to another jewelry store even if it is much further away.
3	After reading the reviews I was nervous about going here to get a watch battery. I went friday and the service was great. The lady was very friendly and service was quick.
2	So in the high stakes claim for: "The Most D!ckheaded Customer Service at a Jewelry Shop in Vegas," you Gabriel Jewelers take a photo finishing second place. Cause lucklily for you Gabriel, believe it or not you have another jeweler that shall go unamed down the street from you *cough*Freij*cough* that has piss poorer service.. but I wouldn't depend on it if I were you. These other reviewers don't lie, son!Strike 1: I'm just looking to get a watch repaired. But then dude yells over to me that they're closed. Ok fine but you gotta be rude about it dude? Numero dos: Alright so maybe dude was tired and wanted to go home, so I return another day to get an estimate on the repair from the same rude cat, and he tells me it will take a week. But by the weeks end I receive no call back. Y'all aren't THAT busy that you can't take a few minutes to show a little professionalism and call me and update me to let me know whats up? #3: I call them up they still don't know whats going on with my watch but the woman on the other end tells me that she will indeed call me back in a few. A day passes, still no call back. A little peeved, I call them myself to let them know I'm just gonna pick up my watch already. You get .5 star for not abruptly tossing my watch on the counter.* A little professionalism and consideration can go a long way. Perception is reality. if the lack of a few simple call back(s) is an indication of how you conduct your business and treat your customers then I'm not fu*king with you. Pure and simple.*Check out Freij Jewlers for more info.
2	Took my nice watch in for battery replacement. The hour hand was not aligned properly when they returned the watch.  They said they'd have to send it in to fix it.  Had to get it fixed at another watchmaker.
5	Good experience.  I had two watches that I needed the batteries replaced on and I don't have tools small enough.  I went in with no appointment or anything and was informed that the person who did the repair was on lunch break so it would be done in an hour.  No worries.  Only fear I had was that no prices were discussed before I left.  I came back in an hour.  watches were ready as promised...I guess one was broke so they didn't charge me for the time and effort to figure this out.  watch battery plus labor to replace cost me $9.95.  I was good with that!
1	Went to get a new watch battery. Sales women was rude & unfriendly.  You get treated better at Walmart.
5	I came to Gabriel's because the diamond in my wedding ring fell out of its setting at work on day. The set that I have was my Mother's so it was made in the 80's and likely hasn't had any repairs since then. The four little clasps (probably the wrong word) that hold the diamond in to its crown were so badly worn down, they needed to be replaced but they were unsure if they could get it to stay with how intricate the design is without needing to replace the entire crown (top of setting that holds the diamond) which would have been super pricey for me seeing as how old it was and how difficult it would be too find one that fits, then customize it further. Finally, they decided to give it a go without it.... and ROCKED IT!!! My ring looks as good as new, it has been a few years since this happened and nothing has happened to the integrity of my ring. The staff was always courteous, attentive to my needs and incredibly understanding when I explained to them that I really didn't have the money to do a full overhaul on my wedding ring. PLUS I had my (then) 3 year old son who has autism with me and they not only showed a great deal of patience, but also  an amazing amount of selflessness when he would get overstimulated in the store and they would come to he and I, just to see how they can help. 5 stars all the way, if there were more stars available- I'd give them those too!!
5	My watch is quite nice and it has sentimental value.  I have a 6 diamond Mavado that needed a new battery and some cleaning.  It is important to only use professional jewelers because the water resistant seal must be resealed when the battery is replaced.  The jeweler here is well versed in this and gave me my watch back in tip top shape. It was ready on time. Service is friendly and prompt.
5	Needed a new battery and link replacement for my Nixon and was in and out in less than ten minutes.  Helga was pleasant and helpful. Watchmaker was quick and did his job.  Thanks!
5	I have used Gabriel Jewelers twice and on both occasions got the BEST customer service possible.The first time they replaced my battery in my watch and were kind courteous and fast no matter I only spent $11.50.I went again yesterday because a portion of the clasp to my watch had broken. They fixed it and would not even take any money for the repair. I left a $15 tip for the guy who fixed it. Again wonderful courteous service. I highly recommend this place !!!
5	Look no further if you want a great jeweler in Vegas. I've done business with them numerous times over the years, from purchases to having watches sized and fixed or batteries replaced. Maria has always taken care of me and is customer service perfection. She takes her time to make sure that everything is perfect and doesn't want you to leave unless she knows that you are happy with the result. I brought a watch in to be sized and set and she resized it three times to make sure that the fit was spot on and the pricing was great. Highly recommended!
