5	This HTC location is my new favorite!  The small staff is incredibly courteous and helpful, and they have an amazing collection of really rad jewelry.  Plus the shop itself is really classy looking.  And they're open later than any other piercing shop in the area- 10pm!Thumbs up!
5	BRAND NEW HTC Uptown!!!This place is truly as good as it gets! The jewelery selection is the finest available. They carry internally threaded jewelery were applicable to make healing new piercings a snap! Staff is also incredibly knowledgeable, and are all members of the Association of Professional Piercers. The staff also takes pride in keeping this place spotless, its one of the cleanest piercing establishments that I have ever seen!After getting pierced by Marilyn and Jon at HTC Uptown, I'll never go anywhere else again!Awesome job guys!!! Keep it up! :)
5	I just got my nostrils (yes both) pierced here by Marilyn and the entire experience was amazing. Anthony and Marilyn teamed up to help me pick out the perfect jewelry. Marilyn talked me though the whole process and didn't make me feel dumb about freaking out. She instead put effort into ensuring I was as calm and comfortable as possible. I also love that the entire staff of HTC are members of the APP (Association of Professional Piercers). They're pretty much the only shop in the Valley that can boast that. I also ended up buying a great pair of ebony plugs and adore the jewelry selection.
5	i ABSOLUTELY L OVE THIS PLACE!!!Marilyn and Andy were very helpful, funny, and down to earth ....F*ck halo HTC rocks !!!!
5	HTC is tops!!!  Got an anchor done by Marilyn.  She did a beautiful job!  It was super quick and painless.  Two weeks later I went back because I was being a little paranoid.  I spoke with Jon this time and he was super amazing!  And, then there is also Anthony who is very kind, informative and pleasant!!!  And, yes I was just being paranoid...  But, both Jon and Anthony made me feel a million times better :-)They have all been superb to deal with and I can't wait to go back for some more additions.  I will NOT go anywhere else!  You will be in very safe and educated hands!!!
3	Its a nice place. The people are friendly and the place is clean, but I dislike the work. I got my belly button done there and not only did it cost $80 for a friggen belly button piercing, it bled forever, and it was crooked after it healed. I guess it just depends on the piercer. But be prepared to spend an extra two dollars on a bag of frozen peas to hold on your piercing.
5	Marilyn is the bomb!! HTC in Tempe was my former go to place and I'm so excited there's now an Uptown location too. I was getting a little tired of my industrial, and when it fell out recently, I used it as a perfect excuse to go in and get something else done. Marilyn helped me decide an anti-tragus would be perfect. And it is. It healed perfectly and I was recently able to go in and size it down a bit, at which point a photo was taken for their gallery.There's usually only one staff member working at a time here, so there can be a line, but I think it's well worth it. It's clean, the staff is awesome and friendly and it's right by some amazing shops if you want to wander a bit on those crowded days.
5	I have to say this is the most educated piercing staff in arizona, I have been getting piercings from them since I turned 18 in 1997 at the tempe location. The only location and I will go to in the Uptown location and Marilyn is amazing when it comes to jewelry placement and always has the prettiest jewely. luv hey
5	I'm not really a piercing kind of person...oh, you know what I mean.  There are those that like it and have all sorts of piercings...everywhere.  That's cool, but just not for me.  That being said, I didn't feel like an outsider when I walked in here.  They were very very nice to me even when I asked novice questions.  I bought a pair of loops for my second ear piercings and told the guy behind the counter that I couldn't get the studs out that were in there now...HTC put them in there a few years back.  They offered to take the ones I had in there out and put the loops in for me.  Yes, I'm that high maintenance!Great customer service and Marilyn is friendly, professional, and kind...I can't say enough about how welcome I felt here!  I won't ever go anywhere else for piercings again...even though it'll probably be just another ring in my ear!!!
4	So it was back in October when I got pierced, so due for a review:So went it to get pierced for the time, got both nipples pierced. Went on a saturday  and I believe the guy's name is Ricky, he seemed kind of a strange guy, but cool. Was pretty straight-forward and looked good. The recovery seemed to go well, with your typical pain/soreness. After about a week, one of them looked strange and uneven, not sure if it was like that before and just didn't notice it.So went in on a wednesday, and it was Marilyn how had a look at the piercing I was worried about. She said it looked like the piercing was too shallow (which I agreed with). Took it out and came two weeks later to get it redone,at no additional cost. I had Marilyn re-pierced me and it was great, very quick, precise, and not as painful as the first time.So overall very happy with the piercings. My biggest advice for someone going here for a piercing is have Marilyn do it, she's GREAT!!!
5	If the 60's could be out into a piercing shop, this would be it!! Most amazing atmosphere. Very calm, and relaxing; really puts you at ease. Very clean but not extreme sterile. Great people, very friendly , and knowledgeable. Definitely getting all piercings done here.
5	Amazing, my expectations were surpassed! I had a double Navel piercing (or so I thought) at Body Creations (51st avenue and Northern). After a long consultation with Jacob I learned that what I actually got was a "Belly" piercing on the top and navel on the bottom, which meant that the top piercing was not inside the belly button. Which, also meant that if  I did not take-it out, in a month or two, the jewelry could tear right through the skin. Thankfully, I only had the piercing for 4 weeks, early enough to prevent any tear. Jacob was extremely knowledgeable, and patient. He sat with me and my husband to explain the damage: Not only were the piercings done improperly, but they were not aligned, the angles  of the piercing were incorrect, which meant my jewelry would angle downward instead of directly straight-forward, the type of metal in the jewelry used on me  was of poor quality and not the best to allow for healing, and the jewelry contained outside threading that tears the inside of the piercing when it is removed. Now, I have to allow my top piercing to heal and when it does I'm going back to Jacob to get it re-done. Meanwhile, Jacob put-in place the perfect setting on my new jewelry for my bottom piercing. Setting that forced the jewelry to aim straight-forward instead of downward.  The jewelry is beautiful and better than what I expected. I am more than happy and thankful that Jacob was able to assist. Thank you Jacob!
5	Marilyn was just terrific from start to finish! My son wanted to get his ears pierced and she was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and professional, but also had a great sense of humor. The entire process was easy and I knew my son was in excellent hands. So glad I found this gem of a place!
5	I got my septum pierced by Jacob. He was very professional and had a good sense of humor, not to mention patience with my level of indecision.  Jacob is on the go to list if piercers. Very clean, and was gentle. Love my septum.  Can't wait to upgrade after it heals.
1	I went in around January to get my second piercing done, however My first piercing (Navel) was done at HALO and I must say they had much better costumer service. So I walk into the shop and I am not greeted however  the guy in the front just gave me a odd stare as I approached him I was already feeling awkward by not being greeted. So i tell him that I would like to get a piercing and he rudely asks for my id and it seemed like he didn't want to be there with his rude ass.  He then takes my I.d in a snatching way and sloppily throws it to make a copy of it, I know I look fairly young but that is no way of treating a customer. ! I then decided I didn't want his lousy self to do my piercing and took my I.d and walked out... WASTE OF TIME....!!!!!!!!!
5	First and only place I will ever get any piercing doneI bring everyone I know here and always recommend people hereGreat staff friendly nice and accommodatingFair prices too
5	I haven't had any new piercings in the last 7 years, and even then it was just my ears.    Then last night I decide to finally get something I've been wanting for the past decade.  I showed up some time between 8:30 and 9 PM, was greeted right away, and was made to feel comfortable from the get go.  My piercings were done by Jacob, and he was fabulous (super professional and very friendly).  As of right now, I couldn't be happier with them, and look forward to getting my next piercing there :)
5	Omg! Jacob is amazing. He gave me some great advice on an old piercing that has given some irritation over the years. I was trying to get it repierced; instead he gave me something practical to try.  He is very professional and quite knowledgeable about the way the body works! I will be back to get my jewelry from here.
5	I went to HTC Uptown because my boyfriend had a great experience at HTC Tempe. Well, I can say the same! Marilyn did my double helix piercing and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish. I'll admit, I was pretty nervous and I had a lot of questions but Marilyn was very thorough and made me feel comfortable from the get go. I would definitely recommend HTC to everyone and I will be back! Thank you, Marilyn!!
3	My daughter wanted her ears pierced for her 8th birthday and I wanted someone with experience piercing, rather than some clerk at Walmart or Clair's. I called the day ahead and asked about an appt and what else I needed to know. Talked to Rachel at the Tempe location who told me Marilyn was the one to go to, and she was at the uptown location. I called the uptown location to make an appointment and verify Marilyn's days at the shop and see what I needed to do. I was told they were walk I only and to come early, since they were less busy then. We drove from south chandler to the uptown location with my very-excited daughter. We parked in the back (with the random smattering of dead birds - gross!) walked in and my daughter chose her pink sparkly studs. The guy at the desk then said that he needed my ID and her birth certificate. What?! In neither of my conversations where I specifically said "what do I need to know" did anyone mention needing her birth certificate. Thanks guys. Just put my crying 8 year old back in the car to drive the 40 min home with no ears pierced. Next time someone calls and says, "what do I need to bring my kid for an ear piercing?" Tell them everything. Slightly pissed.
