4	As we were leaving a Yelp event at Pinball Hall of Fame, we saw this little shop next door and popped in. The guy at the counter explained that they have better prices than big gaming places like Gamestop and seems so. Also everything is neatly in order and prominently priced but if you have questions, they seem pretty nice here.They have a lot of vintage games here so if your little nostalgic nerd heart is looking for some old games or consoles, this may make your day. They also sell some consoles, but I didn't look at the prices. Lucky enough, we have old working Nintendos, Segas and even Turbo Graffix at home. If your console has gotten it's chips fried, they do repairs here! "Playstation, Sega, Nintendo, Xbox, and most other video game systems, including classic systems, computers and pinball machines" as per their FB page. This place tries to go for a comfy vibe and has some cool art on the wall. They even have some arcade games to play- for free! There's a few 2 player table games (like a pacman table), pinball, shooting games, etc.  I wonder if they have some special events to geek out. If they don't, they probably should host some gamer nights as this is a good venue for it. Other than Pinball next door, it's close to Gemini Arcade so this area is definitely ideal for  "arcade hopping" for gamers and those with kids. It's a cool little place and surprised no one has reviewed them yet. There, now you know.
5	Sean's Game Repair (Now called A Gamer's Paradise and expanded to a new location near the Pinball Hall of Fame) is easily the best system and pinball repair store in town.Sean knows his stuff, and while a bit acerbic, is literally the go-to guy in Vegas for this kind of thing. He provides fast, cheap hardware fixes, stocks his store with tons of rare and hard to find games and accessories and can pretty much cover the gamut for what you're looking for. He wasn't featured on Pawn Stars for nothing; he knows his stuff.Best part, his new location on Tropicana has made it easier to drop by and the new store is much more open and being stocked from his personal storage, so there is some pretty interesting stuff showing up on the shelves.Me and mine go exclusively to his stores for good reason.
5	Sean has recently tripled his arcade games and completely finished the store renovation; so now there are Zoltar machines, lots more free arcade and pinball machines and it's all brand new carpet and shine. This place just keeps getting better!
4	Its awesome if you into old school video games . They have games going back to before I could remember the system even coming out. They are reasonable priced and could find games that wouldn't be able to find else where.  The free arcade games are pretty fun. Had a hard time tying to pulling my husband away. Will come back!
4	The not-so-closet nerd that I am squealed when I found this place.  From Atari 2600 to XboxS, to Colecovision to PS3, and everything before and in between, this place HAS it.  On top of the walls and walls of games and consoles and accessories, they have free arcade play.  Legit arcade games that you can sit and play for FREE.  Uh huh, let that register.  The wall art is sick, so whoever the artist is, you sir or madam, I tip my imaginary hat to you.  Talking about artists, they also sell magnets of video game characters here, which you can buy what's in stock or ask for a commission piece that is done within a few days time.  And you know this is a nerd haven when not only are there video games on the sales floor but, check this out, there are tabletop and dice games on the sales floor.  Yeah, you won't find an AD&D campaign books at any of the big corporate game stores.With any purchase you are given a business card that serves as a frequent buyer card.  Much like other places, you purchase x-amount, you get a punch on the card, you get x-amount of punches, you get stuff.  And here, you get awesome nerd stuff!Return and exchange policy: 1-day to return if you decide you don't like and don't want it, 30-day to return if the purchased item(s) is/are defective, and return credits are not cash but only store credit.  This is where the star gets dinged off for me.  I'm never a fan of a place that only offers me store credit if I make a return, though I understand it makes business sense, but I'm still not a fan of that practice. Outside of that little hiccup, yes, yes many times over to A Gamer's Paradise!
5	Not only an exhaustive supply of classic games, but also some really good customer service. We went into Gamers Paradise to satisfy my curiosity, and the owner asked if there was anything in particular I was looking for. I asked for a relatively obscure piece of hardware, fairly confident he wouldn't have it. He didn't, but he then went about searching for various places I could find it, and helpful hints on the best way to have it shipped to me. I was really impressed with his determination to find a solution and get the customer what they wanted. Here is a business well worth supporting.
4	A great little gem in the middle of the desert.I'm a collector of sorts of old video games, and a Gamer's Paradise has a great selection of retro games, mixed with a fun selection of modern and arcade games.  If I lived in the area (and had more money to spend right now), I'd love to pick up one of their arcade consoles.The staff is fairly knowledgeable, of both new and old games.  And I think they are definitely passionate about the gaming industry (if not massive consumers).Overall... a great place to find the games you grew up with!  (or if you younger... the games your parents grew up with)
1	Found their online business when I was looking for a SNES part for a customer repair.  I place an order on the 1st and waited, and waited, and WAITED. On the 16th I had to finally call and asked about what happened to my order and all I got was the runaround. The employee had no clue how to handle the situation and said that he'll put a note on someones desk and get back to me. I called back on the 21st (still no part) and received a busy signal, then called back and no one answered the phone. I called later and talked to an employee that wasn't clear on where their employee (that deals with online orders) might be... maybe at another store and had no clue why I called and offered no help. I hung up the phone and send an email requesting a refund.  My big Beef is that not only that I'm a customer but a owner of an arcade that not only  offers a fun place to be but also repairs consoles for customers (usually within 10 days depending on instock parts). For me to tell a paying customer "Sorry but it's been 21 days and I still can't get in the part in" is inexcusable. As for Gamer's Paradise I don't understand why they didn't catch their mistake before I called 16 days later wondering what happened to my order. It's not like it's a big business with thousands of employees. You think after a couple of days while checking their paypal account they would notice a discrepancy in their account of +$$$ in their paypal account and wonder why? Not only that no one knew what was going on with my order (oh thats _____ department), all that really needed to be said was "Sorry, we f*cked up! We're sending out that part ASAP / give you a refund".  Bottom line, I will not be placing an order with this company ever again and advise others to do the same.
1	Although this store may have older games at affordable prices DO NOT have your PS3 repaired there. I took mine in for repair and paid them 70$ up front (which was a mistake). Two weeks later I was called and told that it had been repaired and was ready for pick up. I went there and went home excited to play some new games I had bought. To my dismay, it had the same issues. Freezing and blacking out 2-3 minutes in game. The very next day I went in to get my money back for their negligence. They wouldn't even give me my refund that day because the owner was not in and would not be in for another week. The man at the counter even wanted a 20$ troubleshooting fee for a product they returned to me as FIXED. I told them no and took my PS3 back. One week later I called before hand to make sure that I didn't drive all the way over there again to be upset. When I talked to the owner he asked me what they did to repair it. Shouldn't he know since he owns the place? The owner wanted the 20$ for the troubleshooting fee and I refused to accept this. I went over there and got my 70$ refund but at what cost? 3 weeks of this crap and the cost and time to drive there and back only amounted to a lot of frustration. This is a Gamer's Hell.
1	We've been shopping here for two years. We have bought games and had consoles repaired. We have enjoyed coming by even if we have to travel from the SW area. I think they are hiring new employees because we just received the worst customer service! 2 stars for our previous experience but now very disappointed we won't be going back.
5	Great place for finding old skool games and accessories.  I have began to collect old skool gaming systems, starting with all my original Nintendo's from the years, then Atari Dreamcast, Intellivision, etc...this place has that beat by far!  His display cabinets with educating facts on each one is really interesting, like a mini video gaming museum.  Most of the arcade games here are set on free play so that's cool.  I recently went there to have an old PS1 game disk cleaned...cost $3, and they gave me a punch card for buy 3 get 1 free.  great deal.  all employees and the owner really know their stuff, it's great and they are all very helpful!
2	I brought my PS3 in to get an audio problem resolved. 3 visits to the store and $40 later and I still have the same problem. They have a decent selection of games and consoles, which is why I wanted to give it 2 stars, but the condescending costumer service drops it back to 1 star.Update 2/4/14: I finally got my PS3 back with everything working! After spending almost a month trying to fix a disc drive they ended up replacing the entire drive for an extra $40. There were three separate instances when I was told that my PS3 was ready to be picked up, only to find out that it was still having the same problems. I found the owner and a couple of his employees to be very helpful but the rest were blatantly rude. Needless to say, I will not be going here for any future issues with my PS3.
1	Just called these guys in search of a specific N64 game. The guy that answered the phone stated that he didn't see the game, but we should come down and check for ourselves because he might have missed it. There's no way, in the 2 seconds he paused after I asked him about the game, that he had time to look for what I was requesting. Instead he wanted me to go down there and do his job!  Thanks for the great customer service guys! No way I'll ever stop by this store.
5	I went into A Gamer's Paradise and was i impressed i was greeted at the door with a great welcome from a guy i guess named Dylan. he was very informative and knew what he was talking about. I was happy with the his costumer services.
5	I bought a pokemon gameboy color sliver in a great condition for 20.00 bucks! Plus here they change out the internal battery so you can save on the game. This place is a great place to find old school games.
5	So I went here to see about repairing my PS2.  I'd never been here before, but someone mentioned to me that they loved the store - after a little research I found out they did repairs.  I figured I'd give 'em a shot.Walking in this store was great.  The walls were covered in nostalgia, and the sign off Tropicana was all 8-bit.  Can't go wrong.  The game system museum in this place was phenomenal.  I know a LOT about video games in all eras, but I came across systems I never knew existed.  That was impressive to me.  Just a really cool environment to be in - warm too, not a cold snooty place.  Gaming stores in town tend to have an elitist feel to them when you step inside, like 'you must be this much of a douche to ride this ride' on the way in.  I find the store owner to be cool and easy to talk to.  To me, comfort in a store is half the battle to making me a lifer.So anyways, prices seem on the mark for what I'd pay for a repair, so that was good.  Gave it a shot and handed over my PS2 (which is my baby, NO ONE mistreats that sucker).  Prices on used games were a little high overall....but what do you expect at a collector's store?  You could probably get a better deal online, but I suppose you can say you're paying a "I want it NAOW" surcharge.  And I can accept that.  I'll just be picky with what I pick up is all.  A little light on available RPGs for any of the systems, which was odd, but maybe someone swung through earlier and bought them all up - who knows.  A little disappointing, but keeping those in stock can be tough, so nothing to judge them on.My system had been looked over in a couple hours - so same day I got a call to pick up the system.  Apparently nothing wrong, just a cleaning needed.  Excellent customer service - I was a little skeptical though, since I know there was a problem in it reading games.  Picked it up, went home happy.  Found that the system was acting no different - which made me a little peeved at first, but instead of flipping out like some people do, I went back to the store just to ask how it was tested.  He assured me he tested it with a game - then even hooked it up for me while there to check it again.  Main difference - he was loading games with the system flat, I set my system upright.  So yeah....the system doesn't work upright anymore.  Not necessarily his fault for not knowing or anything, since how he tested it, it worked fine.  And it does....but perhaps it's on its deathbed.  Anyways, the store isn't out to cheat you, they're out to just do what you need them to do.  I like that.  I also like that he didn't get TOO defensive when I came back to find out what the problem was.  That's an important customer service issue.  In the end he handled it well, and because of it I plan on returning time and time again, especially to pick up their special Xbox system that looked like a great deal.  All these stores offer the same games and systems, so in the end it's all about which one has a welcoming environment that lacks that 'douch-quality' stores here have, and who has the particular games/systems you're looking for.  So far, A Gamer's Paradise is my best choice in town.
5	The owner went above and beyond to help me with my purchase from the previous night that wasn't working. Very well lit, clean store (unlike his Nellis store which looks like a dark porn shop).Reasonable prices. Certain items are sold from places like Amazon for about 33% cheaper but I still bought knowing the mark up is the cost of business for an excellent small business like AGP.My son enjoyed playing on the free play cocktail cabinets.
5	For a shop that is busy all the time! I don't understand why Julie W. gave a bad review. There isn't that many people in the shop and they always have a line at the counter! They have some amazing history in there that you need to look at even if you don't buy anything. The customer service is great in all ways!
5	I sold games to this place before but forgot all about it until my boyfriend wanted to sell his Xbox. We first went to GameStop and they deducted the price so much from what they originally said ($70) that we would have only walked out with $12! That's crazy. We went to Gamer's Paradise and walked out with $80!
1	I called to get some information on bringing my son's ps3 in for repair. After the conversation I was in shock on how horrible the guy was on the phone (SMH) As he was ending the call he said "IS THAT IT" I said "YES" then he freakin just hung up. I told my son no way are we going there. GEEZ parents need to show their kids respect and patiences. I tell my children when you start to working great customer service is what is going to make you succeed. He lost my business in a matter of minutes. If your reading this dude that answered the phone GO WORK AT WALMART!!
5	This place is awesome. The guy who runs it is incredibly knowledgeable. They have Sega Saturn games. In the box! Seriously, that is really awesome.
5	Cool store. The kid behind the counter convinced me to buy an XBOX loaded with every old school game ever. I was even able to get the Terminator Sega Cd game too, which is the whole reason I went in there in the first place. The owner and his staff, including the technical repair dude all provided great service and knowledge. Only place in Vegas for video games as far as I'm concerned.
5	They really care about the craft of video games at this store.  I was amazed at how I was transported into a sense of fun and wonder and nostalgia that was fostered by the good folks that care enough about the craft to make my experiment awesome!!
4	A little out of the way but it's wonderful to go here to come in and sell back the old games that Gamestop won't take.  The employees are friendly and always willing to help and the best part is as a woman I'm used to not getting the greatest experience when i go into a gaming or card shop this place makes me feel comfortable.  They treat me with respect so that's why i go back.
4	one day my ps3 stopped working and i called and spoke with dylan and he instructed me to do a hard reset. which didn't work. so i brought it in and dylan was working so he looked at it and said the hard drive was bad. he suggested i go to frys to buy a new hard drive and thats what we did. so upon returning home we put in the new hard drive and it didn't work. i guess we had to reconfigure the ps3 and upload the operating system. so i called, and dylan again was the one who answered and then he told me they could reconfigure and install the os for 40 which was fine.  so today i went to drop off the ps3 and shawn or sean however its spelled was really helpful and said we might not even need the new hard drive that i can save money by returning the one i bought to frys . so it turned out the hard drive was still good but just needed reconfiguration and now i need to return the hard drive i spent 50 bucks on to frys which I'm kinda nervous about since i opened it. overall awesome place i just wish i would of known that they could of checked the hard rive before i bought a new one. but either way great customer service from dylan and the owner sean. eric the repair dude was also pretty nice in showing me pretty much how they fix them.   i would recommend people come here. awesome store and tons of classic games and  they even have a game room for card games, not my thing but seems like a good time. will be back soon to buy some of those magnet things they had on the file cabinet
