2	Slow service, mediocre food. The only reason we went was because we had a gift card and I probably won't be back.
1	Took my 9 year old daughter there for lunch yesterday May 20, and the food was absolute garbage, I ordered half a chicken ceaser salad for 8 bucks, it was the size of a side salad, and had 6 pieces of thin sliced chicken in it each the size of a quarter.  My daughter and I jokingly put all of the chicken on a single fork.  This place sucks, and is a total ripoff the way they scam you out of normal portions now.  Too bad the old GM Sherri isn't still working there, she was cool and didn't go for this BS.  Applebees on Chandler, you can lick my butthole.
2	I agree with Brian L. that their service was VERY SLOW and not at all what I am used to from this chain. They did not bring all of the food out at the same time either. The table next to us got three servers to bring all of their food out at the same time.  We got one who was clueless about what we ordered and if it was split up for the kids or if the order was wrong so we had to wait for a long second trip back to get the rest of the food. It was right after all.The taste of the food did not meet my expectations.  A steak cooked to medium should be only pink in the middle, not red.  Food should be served hot, not cold.  As with any chain or franchise you expect the same level of consistency in service and food quality and when its not met then I feel it is the owner that does not care enough to hire good managers or monitor them.  When this happens, the brand name suffers overall so now I have to be wary of any Applebee's other than the one I usually go to on Ina Rd in Tucson which does serve good food and serves it pretty fast.You would think Applebee's would be savvy enough to monitor social media reviews and investigate issues but its been three months since Brian L wrote his review so I guess the suits are "out to lunch" over at CrackerBarrel.
1	Last visit was Saturday December 17 for dinner. Had a gift card so the family and I did dinner and a movie.  Upon entering the restaurant we were blinded by a lamp aimed directly at the door from the hostess station. Apparently the overhead lights in the lobby were out. As we were lead to our table, I noticed food and debris on the floor. We were seated next to the utensil folding station even though there were plenty of other tables available to accommodate the four of us. I had to wait for the hostess to move the broom and dust pan out of the way so I could take a seat. She dropped all four of our rolled up silver wear on the floor while trying to move the broom. She then put those on our table rather than reach over to the utensil folding table and get fresh ones. Our order took 45 minutes to finally reach our table. My vegetables were overlooked as was my steak. My daughter's steak was overlooked as well. My husband's burger was overlooked and dry. We ordered four desert shooters. My daughter's desert glass was broken almost in half. How could they NOT notice that. We will not be back there again.
1	STAY AWAYpoor service, but i don't blame the server herself.my boyfriend and i dined in a few months ago and SO MANY things went wrong. it was a weekday and they were terribly understaffed. it took about 15 minutes for our out-of-breath waitress to come get our drink orders. she was trying her best, however it was clear that she had way too many tables to take care of. an expo took our food out, and my salad had no dressing! nobody was to be found to ask for some dressing... or refills... i kindly asked the host to speak to a manager, and with an attitude he said the manager was too busy to come talk to us. mediocre food, but i wouldn't really expect more from an applebees
1	closed
