5	On time, professional and they knew what they were doing. Everyone (kids and adults) had a great time! We will certainly use this service again!
5	Great party idea! They came 15 minutes early and my boys did not leave the inside of that vehicle for the next entire 2 hours and 15 minutes. The kids seemed to enjoy very much. And it was a nice break from the noise for the non-video game playing adults like me. Highly recommend for any kid or big kid that likes video games.
5	Fact of life today: People fucking love video games. I say people instead of mostly young males because that demographic has proven to be false. We got female gamers in the mix from all genres that exist in digital gaming. From your every day casual Angry Birds and Candy Crush players to more hard core WoW or EVE-Online grinders right down to college level CoD and Halo. So what am i trying to say with this paragraph but not really doing a good job? Everyone likes to game, not just kids these days.Enter multiplayer, suddenly playing with other people located across the 7 seas of the world adds a level of depth that's never been imagined before. Hell i remember my first multiplayer game, it was Starcraft on old ass AOL dial up connection giving you speeds faster than freshly refrigerated maple syrup slowly slowly slowly dripping on your pancakes till you decide it's too slow and microwave the bottle. Anyway add multiplayer and suddenly games just got awesome.Alright so we got games and we got multiplayer. Cool! now you can totally headshot that bloke from the UK while a team mate from Russia goes to accomplish the mission objective until a 12 year old from across the street throws a packet of C4 and the blast radius kills all of you. So what's missing? The human aspect of course! If you've EVER played something online you do realize that the whole human aspect is missing. Sure you can own a fancy headset that lets you hear foot movement giving you an edge as well as the ability to organize with your team but even those have their limitations.Enter LAN parties. LAN parties are friggin awesome! you combine all aspects of gaming and suddenly it's a totally different beast. From smack talking to team organization, gloating, or dirty bastard screen watching. Nothing beats a LAN party except for hauling your equipment from your car to where ever is going to become a gaming cave for the next few hours. 4 paragraphs later...Enter GameRVA nice sized RV with air conditioning and every square inch of it a small station with screen, xbox, controller, and being shoulder to shoulder with the guy next to you. Mobile LAN party. They carry the latest and greatest titles on the market so far and at a VERY reasonable price you can game till your eyes bleed. Providing they're open that long. Couple above paragraph with the fact that you can find them every Tuesday at the Campus Commons for Grub Game and Groove results in a pretty fun Tuesday evening. Bored? pay 3 bucks and get into the RV! hungry? FukuBurger and Kaba got your back! Bored? There's a DJ! sweet tooth? Desserts from Kaba as well as the new and improved Oso Ono shaved ice truck!So what am i trying to say with this long ass review...If you've NEVER had the opportunity to game in a LAN party like environment GameRV is your ticket into the world of the super nerdy. And to top it off it's only 3 bucks at the Campus Commons on Tuesday surrounded by other food trucks and a live DJ so why not?Yelp 100 - 031 of 100
