1	Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should. Then again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.
1	My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special!The cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for "serving off their orders" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.The manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service.I've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
1	I've tried to give this McDonalds a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why I came here as much as I did is because I like the $1 iced coffees. But it's not even worth it. This McDonalds is poo and so is most of the staff. Whenever I want to go through the drive-thru I can't because there is a line of cars wrapped half away around the building. And even when the line is shorter there's always a hold up of some sort. So most of the time I just park and go inside the restaurant. Today was a horrible day. I ordered an iced coffee (no cream or sugar) and a chocolate chip cookie. It only takes 30 seconds to fill a cup with coffee and 30 seconds to take a cookie out of the case. I waited 10 minutes!! Sorry but that's too long just to get a coffee and a cookie! It's not like I ordered a meal! During that time I saw people come in after me and get their milkshakes and iced coffees within two minutes! WTH?! I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier I wanted my money back! Her eyes opened wide in surprise, like I really woke her up or something. She said,"Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee? I can get it for you!" For real? She was the one who took my order! I told her I waited too long and I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee, but  I refused because I had just had enough.There are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork, everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there. I used to work in fast food and I know it sucks, but come on!I'm sorry but I can't recommend this Mcdonalds. It's poo. I'm not coming back here anymore. Guess I'll be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway!
1	This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.  Order:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.The soda machine was broken.   No sodas.Then I got to the window.  "We rang you up for medium fries."   (Not what I asked for)  "Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch."Left with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.Actually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...
