5	Dustin worked with us diligently in finding our home in Arizona.  We are from Washington and trying to find just the right property from so far away was challenging.  Dustin would preview, video the homes, and review with us so we could come down and see a short list of homes meeting our needs.  His professionalism, diligence and understanding our wants & needs made moving to Arizona an exciting experience.
5	Thank you Dustin !!I've recommended the Dustin Holindrake Real Estate Team to everyone I know. He's a true professional and a genuinely nice guy.  I think you'd be hard pressed to find a better Realtor.The best part about working with Dustin was that he was always more focused on answering our questions and  giving us good advice,  than he was on closing a deal. We would recommend him to anyone.Review Rating = 5 / 5 Stars
5	Dustin helped I and my wife buy our first house.   Dustin is professional but more importantly he was personable.   I and my wife were very nervous about our first home but Dustin helped us every step and was able to make the process painless for us.  Dustin knows the valley very well and found us the perfect house in the perfect neighborhood.  When my mom moves back to Arizona in January, Dustin has already started keeping an eye open for her.
5	I met Dustin two years ago when I transferred my real estate license to Solutions Real Estate.  i am not that easily impressed with other Realtors but I was very impressed with Dustin.  His dedication and commitment and desire to continually learn and improve his skills in representation and negotiation on behalf of his clients was impressive.  Dustin's desire to share his knowledge and skills with his fellow Realtors is commendable.  In referring another agent I would feel confident that Dustin would treat any referral given him with the utmost care and would receive rave reviews.  I recommend Dustin without reservation!!
5	I worked with Dustin at Solutions Real Estate. Although I am now with Realty One Group, I still visit with Dustin from time to time and stay in touch. He is a progressive REALTOR and is always looking for ways to support his client in getting more for their home faster. He is a great REALTOR that will support you when buying and selling. Michelle Shelton
5	We're from Washington and met Dustin at an open house when we were looking for a second home in Arizona.  Dustin was very helpful in being available on our challenging schedule to see homes and advised us on areas where we would want to be.  Dustin was very knowledgeable, friendly and a true get it done guy.  Wish we had him in Washington when we were selling our other properties.
5	There is no substitute for hard work. Dustin Holindrake was the realtor I used for the purchase of my last home. He was always helpful, knowledgeable, courteous and available.  The search for our home was as pleasurable and efficient as possible. Dustin would print out portfolios of perspective homes and carefully plan our route, calling ahead to each of the homes realtors. During the financing stages Dustin was in constant contact with me, the lender and the sellers realtor.  Dustins professionalism, attention to detail and experience will deffinately earn my repeat business and recommendations.
