5	I'm basically a lazy son-of-a-gun, so whenever I plan to make any kind of trip, I always consult with a professional travel agent and let them do all of the work.  You name it, Monica can handle it, effortlessly.  She makes it seem so easy!  She does it all, too.Hotel room reservations, airline bookings, car rentals, ship cruises, package tours or even a complete, two-week honeymoon.She's detail-oriented, as any superb travel agent should be, but what's really important to me, is that after she has booked your travel plans for you, she is terrific on "follow-up," double-checking to make certain that everything is to your complete satisfaction. She knows where all of the bargains can be had (if you are on a tight budget) and she knows who is having a sale of some kind, so she can get you the best-possible deal there is.   So, you save enough money to justify whatever commission she charges, believe me.I've already told her that she's my "Travel Agent for Life," and no matter where I'm living and where I need to go, you can bet your last dollar that I am gonna Travel by Monica.So, just why did I choose her, in the first place?  Because she is a fully accredited Better Business Bureau business, she has an "A+" rating (the highest possible) and she has had ZERO complaints, in the past 3 years.You can see her BBB report, here: http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/travel-agencies-and-bureaus/travel-by-monica-in-henderson-nv-76201I'm super-picky about how my travel arrangements are handled, and you should be, too.  With Travel By Monica, you can relax, knowing that your travel arrangements are in excellent hands.
5	What a wonderful experience. Excellent service and great prices. Can't wait to book with her again.
5	I was looking for an impossible flight time at a low price and Monica was fast, efficient with my time, friendly, professional and super helpful. Highly recommended!
5	The personal service I received was amazing. Monica is well versed in what she does . A real professional making my travel experiences perfect.
