1	Well I hate to do this I feel like the information should be shared. My husband was diagnosed with Prostate Cancer and Dr Nelson is his DR. We have been through treatment, (with another Dr.) and now the follow ups, and I must say that the service in his office is horrendous. Each time we have been there with the exception of once, The DR. has been at least 11/2 hours behind. They do not call and give a courtesy heads up so you can reschedule, we have each driven 23 miles to meet there, (and then return to work). They act as though it is an isolated incident which it is not since it has happened at least 5 times. The staff says they have tried to call, never has that happened and we hear from the people sitting there with us it has never happened for them either. His initial consult was caring, each follow up has been a rushed experience in spite of us waiting forever to see him. His staff acts so busy, but they are all seemingly having enough time to chat with each other vs. calling people. It is a typical situation in our opinion of way overbooking which makes him seem extremely greedy and uncaring of other people time and experience, In this day and age of online reviews, I would find this information helpful if I was looking at a Dr., in an extremely stressful situation like cancer care.
4	Cool coffee & Cocoa Machine in the waiting room! Dr. Rosco Nelson is the coolest Dr.You have to see a Urologist, this Guy is WORTH the drive.
1	I had a vasectomy performed by az state urology .Horrible service, poorly managed operation with too much time spent on operation table.(over an hour with my pants down waiting on doctor)Mislead about total cost of operation.Zero follow through.Very bad administrative team, still don't know if operation was successfully done because the sperm count was never completed after the operation.The reason..they said I would be included in the cost but it wasn't, now I have to pay again to go to a third party to have my sperm analyzed. Total failure, look somewhere else if you want quality service.
