2	If you have a family with a lot of little kids, are absolutely happy with your body, and only want to leave your house to change your scenery, this is your place. If you are looking for a great workout, this is not your place. The hours are pretty bad and you have to plan your schedule around them. The cardio machines are good. The variety of weights is okay but they are all over the place. They have a suggestion box, but they don't take them seriously. The classes used to be good, but now the quality has gone down. The zumba class used to be my favorite, but not so much anymore. They should have different levels, but there is only one and it is slow. There are kids all over the place. I dont understand what parent would want their 6 year old girl learning to shake her butt, but I can't judge, I don't have a kid. Maybe when I have one I would want her to learn to dance low and shake it, so she can be asked to go on MTV. The majority of the classes are in the middle of the day, which is great if you dont have a job or anything to do with your time. Yoga? there were a couple good instructors, but they are not there anymore. What do you guys do to your instructors? Why do they run away? Why do you make it hard to get a good workout? I dont think I am asking for much here, just a place that I can get a good workout.
4	ATSU students have membership to the YMCA included in our tuition so I'm very grateful for its convenient location right next to campus. It's never too busy, I can always find an open treadmill or elliptical machine (and I go to the Y almost everyday, at all times of the day - 5 pm, 7 pm, 8 pm, 9 pm). There's cable TV on every unit, and an Ipod charger. They always keep the temperature just right, not too hot nor cold (where it's hard to move your muscles). Staff is super friendly too!The classes are great! I've tried Yoga (not the best workout, but if you want a relaxing stretching hour, it's great) and Body Pump (if it's your first body pump class, make sure to use the lightest weights!)The only downside is that on weekends they have limited open hours (12 - 5 pm).
3	Recently became a member of this gym.  High ceilings, good ventilation, lots of natural lighting, and a good selection of equipment which are clean and well maintained. Patrons are requested to clean up machines after use and sanitary wipes are provided.If you are looking for a LifeTime Fitness type of atmosphere, your in for a disappointment.  No frills here.  But it is a neighborhood gym and the price is fair.   Locker rooms are small.  Not happy about the one-time non-refundable membership fee but will learn to live with it.  Not happy retired military do not receive a discount but will learn to live with it.
4	I like working out here.  I go to school right next door, so it's easy to stay a little later after my day is over to work out.  At first I didn't like that I would see my schoolmates and it felt awkward, but after going several times and feeling like a regular I'm happy to see people and say hi to them.  I guess it was just a confidence thing.I like using the machines - make sure you are engaging the muscles the machine is meant for, engage your abs, and keep your back straight.Classes are fun!  I tried Zumba and Boot camp and got a lot out of both of them!  As with all gyms, some teachers are better than others so try multiple times that work in your schedule find your favorite!
2	We have been members for about 2 years & have loved it until the new director took over. She has gotten rid of tons of workout classes and has wiped out the afternoon daycare for most days! For example...my husband & I take a class on Saturday morning at 11:15am...She has changed the time to 11:30am but the daycare closes at 11:30. So we have no where for our 6 and 3 yr old to go.  So mad, she needs to go or they are going to lose lots of young families that could be members for along time!
1	While the gym is nice, the staff isn't very helpful in resolving membership problems. The problem was that our membership type was apparently marked wrong so we were underpaying. Instead of contacting us to correct the mistake, they just began withdrawing additional funds (from our checking account) without prior permission. I noticed it after the 2nd month of them doing so. I called 5 times to get the problem resolved (about these excess charges for our membership fees). Each time I was told to call at a different time/day of week to talk to a different person. FINALLY I spoke with the right person and she said they wouldn't correct the mistake but would look into it. She failed to call back at the time she said she would and so I called her back and left a message. She did not return my phone call. They made a mistake and are refusing to fix it by ignoring me. I'm willing to pay the correct amount, but it would be nice if they let me know about it prior to taking more money from my checking account. I'm pretty sure that's illegal. And besides, it's an unexpected charge on an account with fixed credits and debits.
