5	WHO KNEW?!?  There is a full service hair salon and spa tucked inside Life Time Fitness! From top rated massage therapists and esthiticians to nationally recognized stylists and nail technicians, this place has it all! The place is packed with Aveda, Bumble and Bumble and lots of energy! I love getting every salon or spa service I need here. Plus, I get to use the AMAZING fitness club for the day every time I use the spa!
5	The Brazilian Blowout is awesome and the clients are in line to get it at LifeSpa|Salon Phoenix. Every stylist in there can do it and their colorists are great too!
1	After several hundred professional massages over the past 20 years, I encountered today a first -- a massage therapist who explained that she could not do a massage involving any but mild pressure using her hands. It was an issue of "protecting the thumbs." When I told her I didn't like forearms and elbows, she explained that she'd never worked without using her forearms (and, I assume, her elbows, too). After just five minutes, when I asked for more pressure, she suggested we stop the massage -- that she wasn't the "therapist for [me]." She was right. What are they teaching these people these days, and why doesn't an excellent outfit like LifeTime Fitness insist on better skills among its massage staff? I won't offer her name, but, if considering a massage at this establishment, I suggest Casie as the only therapist here worth the money.
5	These stylists get great education and they specialize in customer service.  Ive seen some amazing hair leaving this place. They also carry great product lines like Aveda,  Bumble and Bumble, Moroccan Oil and Murad skin care.  Plus if you are a member you get and extra discount. Oh and you get a free day pass to Lifetime Fitness
2	Avoid this spa. It's very convenient for members but their pricing is not at all what they advertise.  I confirmed my service and cost at the time the reservation was made only to find out after that it was a different price. The price difference is not what bothered me, it's they way it was handled. 3 days later they called saying the sign for a pedicure special (a huge sign in the club) was not accurate and that the reservation specialist was uninformed but as a courtesy the will refund. The offer to refund was condensending and out of line make me feel like I made the error.  Other members have mentioned problems so I was extra diligent when making the reservation.  Honestly, the mistake is on me for going there if I knew of this reputation.  All that said, the pedicure was great and exceed my expectations.
5	This review is for Megan- the hair wizard. Having blonde hair that constantly needs maintenance, I am super picky about who I let work on it. After finding Megan, I will NEVER go to anyone else. If you are a blonde, she's your girl. You won't be disappointed!!
5	I visit LifeSpa inside Lifetime fitness to get my haircuts. My experience there has been excellent, I always ask for Kelsey she is the best hair stylist and I am always happy with my haircut. Thank you and I will be back soon!
5	I had a great experience with Kelsey who colored my hair. She saw the picture of the color I wanted and took it into her own hands to make sure I was changing my color to the proper tones. I was happy that I could trust a stylist finally. This was my first time back at a salon since prior experiences being mediocre elsewhere. I did not get my hair trimmed this time around as I am still leery of stylists cutting my hair the right way. Overall, I love my hair color and was happy to get some much needed pampering and quiet time.
