4	This theatre was closed in 1998 and presumed dead.  A lot of hard work went into re-opening it and it shows!  It is now a second-run "bargain" house and it appears to be doing quite well.  The community appears to have embraced this place.  It is by no means a movie palace, but it is a comfortable, clean place to see a show.  Prices are reasonable and it is run by the Bradley Center, which helps children with mental, emotional and developmental disabilities. . Update 5/29/08:  Oh no!  Per www.cinematreasures.org and the theatre's website, the Hollywood has closed.  I only went once while it was under new management but I really liked it.  Bradley officials   apparantly decided that concept no longer benefited the mix of clients that has changed since they closed their Mt. Lebanon campus last summer,
3	Whoo-hoo!  Per www.cinematreasures.org it has re-opened! http://cinematreasures.org/theater/4730/It will be showing classic movies for the time being.  Future programming has yet to be determined.
5	What a great old time place. Prices are very reasonable. Many different movie genres are featured . Every month on the third Sunday they have a dinner and movie selection. If you like movies then check this place out . It's BYOB !!!
3	Closed--Again!!!!
3	Re-opened yet again!  http://cinematreasures.org/news/26155_0_1_0_M/
4	I love this theater!  They have old classics (Casablanca, old Batman and Robin, Papillon, Cool Hand Luke, Miracle of 34th Street) and worth seeing on the big screen modern films.  Also there is usually a hand picked cartoon instead of the oh-so-tedious-never-ending trailers.  I like that it is run by volunteers, family friendly and usually has an event that ties in local businesses.  Another perk for me is I can walk there from my place:)Support this theater!!
5	Yes! Yes yes yes.Picture it now; cold crisp Halloweenie weekend... dark of night, midnight to be exact. The sleepy neighborhood of Dormont is inundated with a dense spooky fog. Two young ladies, on a haunted Halloween weekend escapade pull up to the theater.The street this is on is so adorable and picturesque it's hard to believe it's real. The exterior is clean and a mix of modern and hip vintage theater. Walking inside it has that old-theater charm and you can immediately feel what this type of theater would have been like many years ago. The bathrooms are located down stairs, the ladies room at least is huge and clean.We were there to see The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and let me tell you we were not disappointed. The theater is large inside with many slightly inclined seats and a balcony above. The seats were brand new and cushy. I looked over the past month's schedule and was thrilled to see so many amazing classic and more modern horror movies. I can't wait to see what November holds... I've heard rumors of The Christmas Story?
5	I hate hate hate paying $10+ for a movie, considering I may or may not like it. The Hollywood is GREAT because they play some new-er movies but they cater to the boy's taste in fine horror movies. The less A and more B quality movies the better! And it's less than Lowes! Even better! The seats and actually the entire theater has been renovated and the screen is HUGE! There's always fresh popcorn and the view from the balcony is awesome! I really recommend catching a movie here. You will not be disappointed, beware though, if you like silent crowds then this is not the place for you. We saw Dead Snow here and the crowd was great! Laughing at the unrealistic zombies and yelling at the screen. It's a wonderful experience to see a movie with a crowd who's really into it!
5	Thank God for the Hollywood.I stopped going to movies years ago due to rude people, insanely high ticket prices, and bad films. When the Hollywood re-opened a few years back I was so glad that I could get back into watching films on the big screen again. Not only did they show interesting new films that Lowe's wouldn't dare show, they also play some of my favorite cult films from all different eras. I was seriously bummed when the closed, but now that they're back I'm happy as a clam once more.The theater itself screams old school. Between the marquee, movie posters, and concession stand, the place is just as how I remember it as a kid. The seating area is newly renovated and the seats are extremely comfortable. There is also a balcony area which is both classy and awesome, especially when comparing the place to the multiplexes. This is quite simply the best alternative to the now-typical American movie goer experience and I can't recommend it enough.
4	There is nothing bad about this place! If you're looking for a fun night out that is affordable and nostalgic, go to Hollywood! The seats are surprisingly comfortable for an old theater and the selections throughout the month range from new-ish releases, to classics, to seasonal favorites, to Rocky Horror (every month), to documentaries (my favorite).Support this local gem! It's had quite a history and needs all the support we can give it. Go look their schedule up and get involved: www.thehollywooddormont.org
4	So I got a call from my friend Lisa.  She told me that "The Big Lebowski" was playing at the Hollywood.  Sure, the Hollywood was a little out of my way.  But "The Big Lebowski"?  Do I wanna go see it?  Are you f * * king kidding me?  One of the three big slacker movies of my youth--the other two being "Wayne's World" and of course my favorite, "Clerks".  Okay, I was 21 when this thing came out.But it's so good seeing the Hollywood back up and running after so many fits and starts.  It's still a great place to see a show.
4	I had fun coming here to see The Rocky Horror Picture Show back in mid-February at midnight. It's a really cool little theater that shows all sorts of cult classics. I want to see The Room here sometime.
5	From the moment I approached this gem tucked away on a side street in Dormont, I knew I was going to like the Hollywood. The blue neon sign hovering over the marquee cast a nice glow on Potomac Ave. It was easy to find, we had no issue locating parking and were greeted when we walked through the door by friendly people. Combine all this with the fact that I was able to take my wife, who loves Indiana Jones flix but had never seen the original, to see "Raiders of the Lost Ark" on the big screen, and it made for a perfect evening out. The feature was even preceded by an old Superman cartoon. Really, just a great experience!
5	Just went to the Hollywood Theatre with a group of friends  for the first time last night - haven't been there in years.   I expected a run-down theatre but was surprised at how wonderful this place is.   It is one of the cleanest, most comfortable theatres around.   Will definitely be checking out the movie listings each month and looking forward to coming back.
5	I can't say enough about the Hollywood Theater. It's a great place to watch a flick in an old theater that has been modernized, it's clean, comfortable, and the price is right.We recently went to the Hollywood to watch Peewee's Big Adventure. My wife had never seen the movie, and I was excited to both share with her a great movie and get to see it on the big screen. We sat in the upstairs balcony in comfy seats (it's so much better watching from up there), and enjoyed a bag of popcorn that, with two drinks and two tickets, almost cost less then going to a regular theater. Woohoo!I love being able to help a good cause like keeping the Hollywood Theater open, and the staff and folks that run the place really care. They take the time to talk to you about the movies and their efforts to keep the place going, and the venue gives you a great place to see some classic flicks on the big screen that you might have missed in theaters. They also do fun events like a brunch with a viewing of Breakfast at Tiffany's, or Italian food with The Godfather. I also went to an Elvis marathon there once, and they had a rockabilly band called the Allegheny Rhythm Rangers playing Elvis music along with an Elvis impersonator- you don't get that at AMC Waterfront!A fun place, a good cause, and the price is right. They even do Rocky Horror Picture Show. Get over there and see a movie!
4	This place is really a treasure. I came here with a friend to see Rocky Horror Picture Show and had an absolute blast. My only complaint was that the buttery topping on my popcorn was sort of rancid, but I'm sure that's just a one-time issue.The theater is clean, surprisingly large, and well-staffed. They have a great line-up of films and it's an especially good place for horror fans to check out. Any community would be lucky to have the Hollywood Theatre and it's a wonderful fixture in Dormont.
5	Oh please save The Hollywood! I love having such a cool theater that shows all sorts of cult films so close by. I got to see The Last Unicorn here over the weekend and met Peter Beagle, who wrote the book it was adapted from. We need more places like this here. And Rocky Horror Rocks!They need to raise money so they can switch to digital (which is BS, I know), so please donate or come see a movie here. I don't want the Hollywood to close.
5	A reporter once said that the Hollywood was Pittsburgh's only remaining single-screen movie theater. Well, they were admittedly wrong - there are others - but still, there's a sense of awe when you walk into a building like the Hollywood, which is indeed an old single-screen theater. Despite the modern day updates, there's just enough classical film memorabilia scattered about the place to make the place feel a bit like a time machine. And the fact that the theater primarily runs classic films - with the occasional indie and the annual "Rocky Horror Picture Show" screening thrown in - really contributes to the place's old-time vibe.The theater itself is impressively large for being single screen; the staff are all kind and passionate about what they do there, and the seats are far more cozy than what I've experienced at most modern day theaters!I've only been here twice, but each time was a really special experience. The first time I came here was to see "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest." Never before have I experienced such an overall stunned and silent audience; I really believe the experience was a result of the combination of the film's subject matter and the atmosphere a theater like this makes.The second time I was here was for the recently hosted special feature of "The Last Unicorn" - following the screening of this childhood favorite, fans had the chance to buy merchandise related to the film and to meet Peter S. Beagle, the script writer and author of the original novel. It was a treat, to say the least; the chance to meet one of my favorite authors (and a fellow Pitt alum) at such a wonderful local attraction should speak volumes about the magic that can take place at this special old place.If you can, definitely donate to this theater so it can upgrade its technology; if it doesn't raise the money to switch to digital, Pittsburgh will lose a classic building, and we can't have Hollywood shutting down!
5	I enjoy coming to this theater. Such a diverse selection of movie every month. Most of all the price, 7 dollars for a movie and the concessions are cheaper than an other theater I have been too. Great seating and bang for you buck.
5	The Hollywood Theatre is one of the last few classics of Pittsburgh.  We've been here more times then we can count. It's one of the few places that still do midnight showings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show complete with Pittsburgh's finest shadowcast, the Junior Chamber of Commerce Players! This theater also has kids movies and free days for young ones. Not many places do that, but this locally owned theater manages to do so. At Halloween there's always a fun party to attend, and there's craft markets also that happen here.If you ever want to know specials, fan the Facebook page for the theater (you can also fan JCCP as well). I believe there is an email list you can be added to.If you want a locally owned theater that is clean and has good specials, look no further!
5	Although I had heard about the Hollywood theatre before (rumor is you can rent it out for parties at a very reasonable fee), I had never been. A friend recentlyy went on a food tour of Dormont and discovered that they have a breakfast and movie day. When I heard they were playing It's a Wonderful Life (best Christmas movie ever made!), I HAD to get tickets. Christmas season does not officially begin for me until I've seen It's a Wonderful Life. What better way to view a classic than a beautifully restored classic theatre. I signed up through their website. Tickets were $15 including both the movie and breakfast. The breakfast/brunch was provided by the chef of the former Sugar Cafe. Another favorite of mine that I was so sad to see go. We arrived at 11 but luckily our friends had arrived a little early in order to save the awesome comfy chairs and love seat with tables in the back of the theatre. Perfect set up for brunch. A few minutes later brunch was served. Oh what a spread! Muffins, scones, fruit, quiche, potatoes. I tried a little of it all. So glad that the Sugar Cafe lives on in spirit (and food). This stuff is too good to be locked away in someone's kitchen. We had half an hour to eat before the movie started. Classic cartoons were playing as we ate. Shhhh! It's starting. Ahh, time to sit back, relax and enjoy the show. Popcorn and sodas were available to purchase for those who needed the true movie experience. Stomachs full and hearts warmed, we left the theatre ready for all the Christmas merriment headed our way. Next stop, breakfast and White Christmas.
4	Breakfast and a movie? What a lovely event! I didn't really know what to expect when I bought tickets to this event. I brought a friend to this as a surprise and we had a great time! They show cartoons at the beginning with coffee, tea and juices. We were then called to the buffet where breakfast was served. There were only tiny paper plates available and they proved to be pretty difficult to balance on my knees while sitting on the cushy seats (so comfortable). The food was great - quiche, scones, muffins, potatoes and fruit.Overall, it was a great time.
4	I liked this theater!! There is a parking lot nearby that is free after 6 pm. There is additional seating in the balcony, which has sofas!! They sell standard concessions and it is byob- there are probably a half dozen bars within a 5 block radius so grabbing a 6 pack is convenient! The bathrooms were large and clean.
5	My first time here, I saw the John Waters classic movie "Polyester". I absolutely love classic movies, and this theatre got em! Plus, Rocky Horror screenings every month which is great! On my first visit, I was able to meet & greet with Mink Stole, one of the actresses from Water's films. She signed my Odorama card and took a picture with me. And was also very kind. The Hollywood Theatre is very nice inside, classic looking, good concessions (and cheap too!), along with extremely helpful and friendly staff...this place is great! :) I love it, and highly recommend!
5	Really awesome theater. Revival films, events, great location. Went for the polyester multiple maniacs screening with mink stole.
4	A trip to the Hollywood Theater makes going to the movies fun again. Its diverse schedule of cult classics, limited release, and filmmaker's series makes it easy for anyone to find something they like. Every time I go, I know I will be surrounded by movie lovers, who came to see a flick for their first or 500th time. The Hollywood has some of the most comfortable theater seating in Allegheny County (take that mega-plexes). The theater has traditional seating up front and in the balcony, in addition to several couches the back. The rows are wide and luxurious, and the seats can recline surprisingly far back. It can be easy to forget you are paying considerably LESS here than most theaters in town.  One of my favorite features is the theater's BYOB policy. You can bring a six pack or bottle of wine to enjoy during the film, as long as you keep it on the first floor. The entire volunteer staff is so friendly, and every time I visit, I see a flyer for another event I need to attend. Several weekends a month, the Hollywood hosts one of the best local renditions of the "Rocky Horror Picture Show"--I have yet to make it out to one! The theater also has Breakfast and a Movie, and hosts the Steel City Secret Cinema several times a year. Needless to say, there is a ton going on here! Make sure to like the Hollywood on Facebook or join its mailing list to stay up to date with its many events!
5	One of my favorite all time movie theaters.  One of the last remaining independent theaters in the area that always seems to show everything from silent movies to cult classics to family friendly movies.  This weekend alone we got to check out Purple Rain (which had a pre-viewing Prince themed party) followed by the 1974 version of Black Christmas.  We are going to try to make it to the breakfast and (Christmas) movie this weekend as well.  Oh, and its also one of the only theaters that still has midnight screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show.  The staff is always friendly, the balcony seating and byob policy are major plusses
4	Wonderful independent movie theater! They have a wide selection of shows playing that allowing just about anyone to find an enjoyable movie. They have classics, silent movies, as well as new releases!
