4	This place is good, not great. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't give it a try. The place does a huge take-out business. And the folks that runs the place are really nice. They will deliver but it always is 40+ mins. I opt for the pick-up which has never been more than 10 mins! Outstanding. They do the basics really well and if you order your meal combo style it will come with fried rice, chow mein, and what I call 'the bag of goodness' which contains an eggroll, a crab wonton, and a fried shrimp. It's like a full sampling of all things fried! Let's face it, it is never going to be on the diet so why not just enjoy.
4	My fiancee and I have been craving Chinese food so we decided to try Bamboo China. The restaurant itself was completely empty  and the inside was pretty sketchy looking. Not a good sign for a happening Friday night. But the employees were friendly and they did seem to do a lot of take out business because the phone was ringing off the hook. We decided to order a variety of different dishes since Chinese leftovers are the best! We order the Szechuan beef, broccoli beef, and lemon chicken. Before the entrees we got won ton soup which was really tasty, not too salty like other places. Our entrees came out really fast and were big sized portion's schezuan beef was average and wasn't as spicy as I like. My favorite was the pork fried rice because it had a bunch of veggies. Our total was $27 which I thought was pretty inexpensive considering the amount of food we got.
4	Stopped in here for lunch today shortly after 11. Nobody else in the place (customers, I mean), so of course I was greeted and seated immediately.  The garlic chicken was tender and perfectly garlicky, the egg drop soup delicious, the sides more or less standard-issue (but still tasty). The servers kept my cup filled with soda and otherwise stayed out of the way.Shortly after I started on lunch, a few other people came in and were greeted like family  - guess they were regulars. I don't get up this end of town much, but next time I'm there I'm definitely going to come back. to Bamboo China.
4	This is not health food, but it is dang good.  I like to have a savory treat every once in a while and Bamboo China is a perfect place to treat myself.  The service is super fast, they deliver, and are very nice.  Menu favorites of mine  are the lemon chicken, honey walnut prawns, sesame chicken, house soft noodles, and of course the egg roll and crab puffs.  I really should expand my tastes to vegetables when I order from here rather than being a creature of habit.  Also, this is great for kids because they give you a lot of food.
4	My friend Max, a local,  recommended Bamboo China.  I called up for delivery. We decided on the Broccoli  Beef and the Lemon Chicken. It came with vegetarian spring rolls, Crab Won Ton  and noodles. The portions are huge. There were three of us but there was more than enough food  for four people.  I ordered out twice the week I was in Phoenix. If you're looking for tasty,  reasonably priced Chinese food with quick and friendly delivery, call em up.
3	The food is ok, a bit greasy but most Chinese food is now-a-days. The staff is really nice and they will cook to order off the menu if you ask.
2	Stay away from the Kung Pao dishes; just your normal meat and veggies with brown sauce + siracha + whole peanuts. I had to request additional siracha hot sauce and peanuts. I don't know if it was even stir fried; seemed just warmed up. Poor service too, especially since there were only 2 tables of patrons. The portion was large and the food came out quickly, which is all that is saving Bamboo from a 1 star review.
4	The food is great, for cheap food. This isn't a 5 star Michelin rating, this is cheap chinese food. Their schezuan beef is super yum. Service is quick, and quiet.
5	I've been ordering Chinese delivery from a different local restaurant for a while now. No need to name names. I ordered tonight from Bamboo China, and it was very good. The pot stickers are as good as you will find anywhere. Everything arrived well packaged and hot. I had the General Tao's chicken. It was very tasty and not too sweet. I also had the Ma Pao Tofu in garlic sauce. Very nice. The hot and sour soup could use a little more "sour" and a shrimp or two wouldn't hurt. That said, the black pepper level is perfect. Loved it. Will definitely be ordering again.
4	Happy to have found great Chinese Delivery from Bamboo China. Tried and really enjoyed Mongolian Lamb, Eggplant and garlic, Mu Shu Pork and the Mandarin Scallops! Fast and HOT delivery too. :) Now my first call...
3	Delivery is super fast. If you think you can jump in the shower after you call in your order, you'll end up answering your door in a towel.
4	Getting over a terrible cold and finally have an appetite for food.  This tastes delicicious to me.  Consistently great food, kind service, and fast delivery.
4	I love this place. It has the best shrimp fried rice I've ever had. It also has very good egg flower soup that has chicken in it. Large portions, good prices, tasty food.
1	Ugh, so slow, and not friendly, they could care less if they have your business, and the food shows it.
1	This place has to be some of the worst Chinese food in my life.  Seriously, I am wondering if it is some kind of joke.  I ordered delivery from this restaurant, the delivery was executed by a courier service, the order took roughly one hour.  I ordered vegetarian spring rolls, and a green vegetable stir fry.  We are used to seeing spring rolls delivered in what our Asian grocery stores sells as, "spring roll wrappers," made from rice paper.  I did not intend to order fried, greasy mess rolls.  These were friend in either old oil or oil that was far too hot, they were significantly darkened.  Judging by the amount of residual oil, the oil was old and not up to temp.  According to the menu description of the green vegetable stir fry, "the name says it all."  We'll, that's clearly a lie because the name didn't tell me it would be awful.  The dish as delivered was a limp pile of bok choy (wouldn't have ordered if it were only bok choy)...seriously...no scallions, onion, carrot, or any other veg besides the bok choy. The veg was limp and gross, topped in bits of garlic with absolutely no flavor.  There was a little sauce, I am not sure what it was made from and I am a very serious cook, my guess would be oil, freezer concentrate and some boxed thickener.  These were seriously not seasoned at all and my toothpaste packs a better flavor.  On the side were fried rice and low mein noodles, it's just slightly weird to get rice AND noodles, both of which were dreadful.  The rice was unseasoned and lacked vegetables, the noodles had no hint of flavor and no crispness in the veg that might give it some texture.  Nothing was seasoned or flavorful- I poured everything they sent me to try to help it out, this went badly.  There was a tempura shrimp and crab Rangoon on the side, I didn't eat it because I am a vegetarian, but they looked and smelled awful, it wouldn't surprise me if someone became ill after eating them.  The Rangoon was definitely previously frozen, and the shrimp probably made it from the freezer with no pit stops to the fryer judging by the coating.  I literally thought this might have been a joke when my fortune cookie ( generic made by the Kari-Out-Co) lacked fortunes, and I am not making that up.  This place definitely needs a health inspection, and probably needs to be closed.  I really feel bad if locals eat here, please try Chinese food in coastal California, Houston or northeastern cities because you will easily see the difference. Overall, this was just epically bad. They don't deserve the one star, consider this the yelp equivalent of a participation trophy.
5	My favorite Chinese place!  I've been eating there for years.  Food is always good, especially the walnut shrimp!!  Their home made pot sticker is also one of my favorite.  You can definitely tell those are homemade.  I usually do take-out because they dont have liquor license.  However, I have hosted a couple parties there and the server took good care of us..  Unless you have a big party with kids, otherwise I'd recommend doing take out.
4	Still the same great service.  I reccomend the egg flower soup and the hot and sour soup for anyone with a cold and sore throat.
2	We really really tried to like this place but they just don't cut the mustard (groan). The Mongolian beef was older than Genghis Khan and tougher than his horse. The kitchen looks dirty and someone needs to tell them that using one of their dining area tables as a work desk is tacky. The search for a good Chinese restaurant in Phoenix continues.
5	I have been eating here since I moved to Phoenix 6 years ago. I tried all the places in my neighborhood, and this is the best!!  The owner is awesome and remembers you if you're a regular, even your order!  Any time I get a cold, I order soup from them and it makes me feel better - the soup is HUGE!  Like one of those big yogurt containers huge.  I have had the lo mein, the fried rice, the mu shu pork and the pot stickers and all are excellent - the mu shu is simply to die for!!  My boyfriend has had a lot of their seafood dishes and loves them as well.  I don't ever want to move from this area because I found the best Chinese food in town right in my neighborhood!  Prices are great and delivery is quick!
4	My boyfriend and I have been looking for a good chinese restraunt in the area and I think we found it.... 2 visits thus far and we are still pleased!
