5	I found Naomi through a groupon and I have continued as her client even after I used the certificate. I was always interested in acupuncture but intimidated by my lack of experience with the practice. Naomi deftly answered all of my questions and immediately put me at ease. She is extremely smart and educated which, when coupled by her warm bedside manner and sense of humor, make my appointment something I look forward to every week. She's even patient enough with me to forgive my occasional forgetfulness. All in all, I highly recommend her and give her card out whenever given the opportunity.
5	I too found Naomi through a groupon, and not at a better time. My Husband and I have been working on having a child for sometime. My aunt had suggested many times to check out acupuncture, she said it helped her. I was taking to a friend about it then check my email only to see a groupon email, so I jumped on it. Naomi was very helpful and had a grounded ease about her. i had just placed my father under hospice care so she offered to work on stress and grief as well. I've been going once a week now and my body just knows its time to relax and release as soon as i hit the table. Thank you so much!!!!
4	As many of you know, a woman rearended me a few months ago.  I'm not a medicine taker but  the meds give me many side affects so I am rendered nauseated, drowsy, zombie-like, headache-y or whatever.  Then I have to recover from the side affects in addition to the soft tissue damage.  People must not understand the soft tissue trauma & pain plus headaches / migraines that go along with a motor vehicle accident.  People think it's no big deal but unless you want to feel pain, I don't want anyone to be hit by anyone else.  But if you have pain or car accident PAIN, try some acupuncture.  No, it doesn't last forever but does decrease the pain a little.  Naomi Richman, the acupuncturist has opened her own office in LV fm Santa Monica, CA about 6 mos ago.  So it's nice to have a small downhome acupuncturist that knows you well as she's not crowded yet.  Don't be afraid of the needles since they don't hurt at all unless you're supersensitive.  She talks about your issues(s) or medical problem(s) in the new pt. interview.  Then she does the needle placement.  You do feel some pressure but that subsides in about 2 seconds.  If you feel any discomfort she withdraws the needle or places another somewhere else.  Lastly you rest with the needles inserted in strategic areas for 10-30 minutes depending.  Don't worry if you don't or can't fall asleep since she will check on you to see if you're comfortable.  You can meditate or zone out but most people power nap.  Then, the needles are removed & you can set up another appointment since it (acupuncture) does build up.  New patient visits are $65 but follow up visits are $45.  If you're not sure if acu will be appropriate for you, call & ask Naomi.  I inquired about my mom's problems & she went 2 days ago having never had acupuncture ever before.  I will update.
5	Went today & had my usual neck, shoulder, back & hip session.  I'd like to live there since I'm usually at my best the day of acu but.... how bout settling for some Acu tips:Don't be a walk in, try to schedule even 1-2 days in advance, Naomi tries hard to accomodate u unless u no showDon't eat a heavy meal before going.  I usually have a yogurt.Don't worry if u are tired before going.  U are supposed to fall asleep.Closed Sun, Mon & starts 1100 - whenever but usu closes 7Note that the needles are hair / filament thin so really do not hurtYou might get a little foggy after acu (unless u do fall asleep, then u'll be energized)Come early to fill out the paperwork but anyways, it's always best to come early That's all for now.
3	I found Dr. Naomi Richman through a Groupon. This was the first time I have ever done Acupuncture, so I was a bit nervous. I am very open to different natural approaches. I try to give places a second try and benefit of doubt. I have 2 diseases affecting my fertility. I had went into Dr. Richman hoping to take a natural approach to my problem. Let me say that I fully think Dr. Richman probably is a great Dr. For patients with pain ailments. However.. I felt uncomfortable with her knowledge in fertility. Both times I went in, seemed like I was teaching her about supplements and conditions. As for the acupuncture itself, I felt I could have enjoyed it. As I said this was my first time. But after talking to several avid acupuncture goers. I have come to believe that comfortability comes from the acupuncturist. The office is quite small so every door that was opened and closed I could hear. Including her talking to other patients. I felt myself counting down the minutes in my head until it was done. Over all I just didn't feel comfortable continuing my treatments. I even skipped out on my last session. I'm sure at one point ill give Acupuncture another try, somewhere down the road.
5	What a find! Naomi is a true professional. She is very knowledgeable about acupunture and Oriental Medicine period. She is a great provider and is very mindful of her patient's nuances and quirks. I trust this human as an acupunturist and a friend. She works to help you feel comfortable whether this is your first or twentieth visit. I highly recommend Dr. Naomi Richman.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Naomi to anybody who is interested in acupuncture. I was very nervous during my first few sessions. (Not a fan of needles but who is?) After two months of treatments, I still can't look at the needles as they're being inserted. But the treatments have greatly helped with my hand problems. I was bothered by tingling and numbness in my right hand and did NOT want surgery. Dr. Naomi is also keeping me healthy during my first trimester. She's a good listener and has a nice, easy going manner. Scheduling on line is very easy. A nice, mellow, positive energy, no-pressure office.
5	Acupuncture came highly recommended by a close friend.  Having worked previously as a massage therapist, I'm all about some TCM!  The office was clean, staff friendly, and answered all my questions.  Also, she is extremely affordable compared to other places.  Having read another reviewers comment about size of office- I was expecting a small room.  It's quite large, to me anyway!
5	I was worried that I was going to need surgery on my knee after tearing a tendon or ligament. I tried Dr. Richman and this was my first acupuncture treatment ever. She told me that it would take a few treatments to see results and she was correct. Although a little nervous, there was no pain and in fact the experience was relaxing and it is easy to fall asleep with the soothing music. The second time, I brought my own music. I had 3 treatments over a few weeks and my knee began to show improvement. I have had no further treatments and my knee is now back to normal. I was referred to her by others who have had great experiences with pain relief and other issues. I would highly recommend her. She is professional, is very experienced and her fees are extremely reasonable. Her office seems pretty busy so I would recommend and appointment.
5	I wouldn't say I was skeptical regarding acupuncture I was indifferent.  I have tried western medicine and chiropractic sessions to fix my neck and back without success. I received a Groupon for Acupuncture Vegas as a gift and foolishly ignored it for just under a year. Then I decided to try it and I say foolishly because this has been a blessing to my health. Naomi is professional and easy to converse with. She listens to my needs and was knowledgeable to my questions and or concerns. I started going every week and now I go every other week and I look forward to it. Pain is a horrible way to live through life and her treatments has positively improved my quality of life. I play softball and often get hurt, my leg or shoulder and she makes me good as new until I stubbornly play again. Hopefully, you try this out and it changes for life for the better as well. Rob
1	Very welcoming office. All was well until the peaceful cd skipped and turned into a mess of rain noises and static.  That of course made me flinch, which took my acupuncture session to a whole new level of painful.  I was still charged $75 and have spent another $25 on heating pads trying to correct the damage done.   I called in to cancel my next appointment and had a less than friendly response.  Ill be finding another place to have acupuncture done going forward.And as you can see below, they offer great customer service.
5	After having chemo and radiation treatments my immune system was severely compromised.  I ended up developing many food allergies.  I became allergic to milk, soy and eggs which resulted in developing eczema that covered my whole back.  I initially went to see a dermatologist to treat it.  She told me that there was no cure for it. She could only prescribe a cream that would peel my skin off.  Then I decided to look for an alternative.  That's when I tried acupuncture which got rid of the eczema.  Identifying the culprit (being allergic to milk, eggs, and soy) and avoiding it with the acupuncture treatments.  I was free of eczema.  I'm very thankful to have Naomi as my acupuncture doctor for whenever I have flare ups and to strengthen my immune system.  I love her acupuncture office it's a nice escape especially for those days you are stressed out of your mind or feeling a little down.
5	I have used Chiropractors off and on for over 20 years. For me personally I have found acupuncture to be a better pain solution. I was a skeptic of acupuncture, mostly because I didn't know much about it. I have since come to be a big believer in the practice. The pain still returns, but I get longer periods of relief than I did using Chiropractors. I also sit at a desk hunched over a computer all day, so the pain in my neck and upper back is bound to come back from time to time. The last time I was in, I complained of some minor pain in my hip. Like a ninja she inserted a couple of needles into the area and within 48 hours the pain was gone. It had been bothering me for 4 weeks. I have been going to see Dr. Richman for about 6 months now. She runs a great practice. I show up on time, I am treated on time. What a concept? The pricing is extremely fair and she also gave me some exercise tips to strengthen the muscles in the back. I am very pleased with the service, bed side manner and overall treatment I receive from Acupuncture Vegas. My next step is to show her a list of my cabinet full of western supplements. Albeit a scary thought I have a feeling I will be saying goodbye to many of them.
5	Dr. Naomi Richman was great! I read the reviews on yelp and so decided to give her a shot. Very professional and took her time to answer my questions. I would definitely recommend her. The office building didn't have signage so I called to make sure I was in the right place. Appointments were easy to book online.
5	I love to get acupuncture and cupping, especially when I have some pain.  I went to this Chinese lady 3 times, she was good but I want to try the lakes location to see for better result.  I called and Dr Richman answered and I made appointment on the same day which was nice.  But went I came in was Dr  Vampole, the blond young lady was there.  I was little confused because Dr Richman didn't mention she won't be the one who will give the treatment.  Then soon as I got my needles on.  I was feeling super relax and forget everything.  And I have been feeling great since. I'm now back to do my barre class and looking forward to take dance lesson again.  I recommend this place. I'm sure dr Richman is great but I would go back to the blond lady, sorry I forgot her first name, Dr Vampole.    I thank you all the acupuncturist help people to feel better.  Love. Light. Peace.
5	I had a couple of days of horrific back pain. Called Acupuncture Vegas and they got me in within a 1/2 hour. Major relief. They are reasonably priced, professional, kind, gentle and knowledgeable. Dr. Richman located the source of my pain immediately and started treatment. I relaxed while listening to calming music. My pain was down by the time I left and within 2 days it was 99% gone. So glad that I found them. They are my new "go to people" if my back goes south again. (hopefully it won't). Good place to have in your health tool box. Thanks again Dr. Richman. Your the best.
5	It has been several years since I have been here but I absolutely recommend  Dr. Naomi to everyone. She is kind and a great listener, she really knows how to build an inviting environment.
5	Dr Richman was amazing. I had a deep tissue Thai massage and within a week, I was in so much pain, I could hardly walk. I went to an Orhopaedic surgeon who immediately determined it was a disc problem and had nothing to do with the massage.I was shocked because prior to the massage I was perfectly fine.  I went to Dr Richman after a friend suggested I try acupuncture in addition to physical therapy.She immediately diagnosed it properly as an inflamed piriformis muscle.  Within a few visits I was much better.  I would highly recommend her. Her office is very low key. Her prices are very reasonable. It is easy to make an appointment. Thank you Dr Richman, you literally gave me my life back!
5	I was in a car accident October 2011. I started going to a chiropractor shortly after, and had continual on and off neck and upper back pain. In May 2012, my neck/upper back started to swell, and I felt constant pain.I lost weeks of sleep, couldn't sit/stand for long periods of time, and I was absolutely miserable. When I went to my chiropractor, I was told I needed to get an MRI, and when the results came back (scarring on my muscles, and slight slip disc) I was told that I needed to quit my job to dedicate my time to chiropractic visits for 18 months and that I would be in constant pain most likely for the rest of my life. I told my mother about it, and she looked into alternatives. She called many acupuncturists, and Naomi really stood out to her.I have now been going to Naomi for about a month, which is around 6-7 visits total and I can honestly say I am 100% pain free. I go once a week, now every other week, and it is the most relaxed I feel all week, really can't feel the needles going in, and not at all seconds after. As a matter of fact, I knock out and sleep the whole time, wake up a little groggy, but get super energized the rest of the day, and feel no pain the rest of the week.And, if you have a test you need to study for, tell her, and she'll put needles in your head. It'll make you smarter, and you'll be energized enough to study all night ;)She is the absolute best. My mom is going to go, as well as my dad and my boyfriend.
5	I started going here in Feb after a friend swore by acupuncture for everything.  I was skeptical at first, but Dr Richman was great abt explaining the process and I was desperate for a solution to my dizziness and sinus issues when regular drs just kept pushing meds or no solution . I've continued to go, and my condition has improved. I know when I miss sessions or go too long between treatments; my symptoms come back and get worse. Naomi is patient and incredibly helpful.
5	Amazing!.  Deep relaxation and healing experience. Thank you Dr Richman. Too relax to write a long review. Lol.  We all should get accunputure.  :)
5	At 38 weeks pregnant, my baby decided to turn and was in a breech position. I contacted Dr. Richman who fit me in that day, and performed moxibustion with mugwort herb on each pinky toe for 20 minutes per side. She spent time teaching my husband how to do it to save us the trip back/forth as it was to be done nightly in order to be most effective. She even met us on a Sunday when we ran out of mugwort and couldn't find any in China Town. After 5 nights, my daughter turned head down and was ready for delivery. I truly believe she helped prevent a more painful outcome with my OB-GYN, and we are very grateful for her knowledge, expertise and level of customer service. We plan to explore her practice next time our toddler is sick too.
