5	Jeff the owner/operator is a class act that really takes cares of families, even novices like us!  We had a great time and will be back!
5	This is my favorite place to ride. My last visit there, Jeff took me without a reservation. I had a very nice guide as usual, they chat with you and tell you about desert fauna and flora. I've been twice to this location, the ride takes you on a slight incline and back into the park more than other rides in town. They have horses in every size available.
5	Great place for horseback riding!  Debbie and Mike are awesome, nice gentle horses and beautiful ride!  Definitely would highly recommend this stable for a great time!
5	OMG! So, I purchased a trail ride from Groupon for this specific location & it was an amazing experience! From Debbie, the wrangler, she was so outgoing, welcoming, knowledgeable... Everything was great! How she interacts with the horses along with the people! The horses were so maintained! I rode Las Vegas! Such a great horse! Definitely would go back! The trail was a nice! 2 hours go by so fast though! :( But definitely recommend! I suggest Las Vegas (the horse) if you can!
5	We were a group of 8 from ages 6 to 65. Debbie and Hanna were great guides. They were very patient. We were all new to riding horses and they made us all feel safe while also making it a fun and memorable family experience. I highly recommend.
4	This is an awesome stable!  The ride was about 2 hours through the area and the scenes were amazing!  Gave it 4/5 because we scheduled a 8am ride but didn't go until 9, which left us a little warm towards the end of the ride.  The horses are friendly and ride great, I just wish we could go off the beaten path a little.
5	My girlfriend and I booked a two hour trail ride yesterday. Debbie took use out into the White Tank Mt. foothills. She was a wonderful guide. Sparkles and Traveler were great horses to ride. The ride was interesting, fun and extremely enjoyable. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to see the desert from a different perspective.
1	I was put on a big horse name Oats. This horse would never keep up with the others and Mike kept telling me to loosen the grip and keep up with him. Finally the horse just took off and I went off the back of it and hit the ground hard. Broke a few of  my ribs and a small finger and then he wanted me to get back on it. That day ruined my rest of my vacation!
