4	I'm not sure that Stick E Rice is better than Komol, but I was actually quite surprised at just how good it was.  I am glad that I made the long drive to visit this one!  The inside is quite nice, and it looks like the owners spent more than a few pennies on making an old building look new.  There were a lot of young couples dining in here, and iPhone's were going off left and right with text bells.  I was skeptical at  first.I ordered the Thai iced tea, which was quite nice, the papaya salad, and the ducky curry.  Overall, I would say that the chef at Stick E Rice knows how to mix ingredients and pair things properly.  One thing that could bother some Thai food lovers is that they seem to go easy on the heat levels, so if you like your Thai food very hot, don't be afraid to ask for very hot.The papaya salad was quite impressive!  It had a very well balanced flavor, with a little vinegar, a little bit of sweetness, and some unique flavor too.  The salad was covered in peanuts and green beans.  It wasn't overpowering, and was very easy to keep eating.  I enjoyed this one a lot, and I ate the whole thing.  The duck curry was pretty good.  It had green peppers, pineapple, and little cherry tomatoes.  It wasn't as good as Thai Grill's curry, but the yellow curry had a nice flavor.  The duck was a little gristly, but nothing to complain about.  There were big chunks of it in the curry.  One thing that impressed me were the cherry tomatoes.  I normally don't like cherry tomatoes in my curry, but these were little yellow ones, and were very mild compared to the normal, in-your-face sweet cherry tomatoes.  This mildness made them very tasty within the curry.My only complaint about Stick E Rice was that I thought the rice was a little mushy.  I asked the waiter about this, and he brought me a new rice that seemed just as mushy. It wasn't overly mushy though, and he informed me that it was just how it was prepared here.  And really, it only became a little dissatisfying when mixed with the curry, which made the rice a little too mushy.  This didn't ruin my experience though.Overall, I will have to make a couple of revisits to really get a good idea on whether this is one of the best Thai restaurants in Vegas.  So far though, I am fairly impressed!
4	What a pleasant surprise !Probably give the place 4.5 stars but round down because it's a STUPID NAME FOR A RESTAURANT !  also, not sure i understand the location - would've loved it 5 months ago when i worked about 200 yards away - even then, the place is way off the street so it's not easily seen.the space is clean  comfortable.We orderedThom khaThai beef saladyellow chicken curryregular rice and sticky rice (or is it stick E rice ?)sticky rice w/ fried banana and coconut ice creamNothing over $10 ( the curry might be if you order shrimp ) the standouts - the curry was excellent ! Dessert also very good.  I liked that the beef in the salad was tender and the dressing had a nice citrus-y tang to it.  The Thom Kha was "standard"Not sure where this place fits in the  Las Vegas Thai restaurant order - i put it above the "chains" - Pin Kaow / Archi's, better than Kung Fu, definitely better than Krung Siam ( that place has really dropped for me ) , I'm waiting to see how Mix Zone does under the new owners ( first visit - ok )  - I still gotta hit Komol and yes, I'm still a fan of LOS.crappy / blurry pics included
5	2nd time in here for lunch. Small quaint restaurant with nice restaurants and quiet background music. I love there chicken pad Thai. Not too sweet. Lunch special is $6.95 and comes with a soup. My husband tried the garlic chicken and it juicy, tender, and not to garlicky. Love it!
5	I've eaten Thai food at a few places in Vegas, including Lotus of Siam, and Ocha... They all pale in comparison to this place. I'm rather amazed at how good the food is, how lovely the service is, and how friendly the owners are. We tried two curry dishes here, yellow and Panang, and the beef with noodles. The owner made sure to also inform us of lunch specials for next time we come back, since we were here for dinner tonight. I'll definitely be returning to this place. What a diamond in the rough.
2	Stopped in for lunch today with a coworker.  Initial impression was great, as the decor is very contemporary and the restaurant is clean.  The selection of lunch specials wasn't as extensive as other spots in town, but as this was my first visit I wanted to try a range of the old standbys anyway.  Ordered Pork Larb, Chicken Pad Thai, and Chicken Red Curry...with all dishes being a 3 or 4 on their 1 - 5 spice scale as my coworker doesn't go super spicy.Prior to the food being served, waiter brought out a small sample of Egg Drop Soup with Crispy Noodles, which was a nice touch.Pork Larb was served first.  Nothing particularly remarkable.  I usually shy away from Larbs that incorporate mint leaves, but this Larb used just enough to provide some complexity without being overpowering.  Had the pork not been overdone, I think this would be a pretty solid Larb.The Pad Thai and Red Curry came after a short wait, with the Curry being accompanied by a very modest portion of rice.  The Pad Thai was probably the highlight of the meal...good flavor and heavy on the scallions, although it certainly wasn't winning any awards.  The Red Curry was completely uninspired.  It had a nice, rich color and a good amount of both meat and vegetables, albeit a little heavy on the bamboo, but once it got in the mouth the flavor was flat and quite salty and there was no noticeable spice in the level 4.I probably would not stop here for a quick lunch as service was attentive, but the kitchen a little more leisurely.  However, I will probably stop here again for dinner to try some other dishes.  For example, a large bowl of soup was served to a neighboring table and it looked quite good.  Based on my first experience, I feel that Stick E Rice overdelivers on ambiance and underdelivers on food.
5	Awesome Pad Thai lunch special.
4	I was very much impressed with the Stick E Rice menu. It is extensive and has a lot of variety as well. I was feeling a bit lazy about riding my bike to get dinner so I decided to find some place that delivers. Luckily, Stick E Rice delivers to my apartment (Maryland and Twain).I tried the Pad Ka Pao, which was an unsuspecting flavor explosion! I was also happy that there was only a one dollar charge for brown rice, as most places charge two or three. A three of five was the perfect amount of spice for my dish, which included chili, garlic, ground chicken and bell peppers. There is simply nothing worse than a bland meal, and there is nothing better than thoughtfully constructed spices that please the palate. Stick E Rice knows food, and I will definitely be back for more!
4	One day my fiancee and I were moseying down Desert Inn looking for a place to eat.  I was in the mood for some oriental flavors and we spotted the sign for Stick  E Rice and decided to see what's up.  We walked into the restaurant and noticed how clean the place was and how chic the decor was in contrast to the scruffy looking parking lot outside.  Very cozy, very inviting, and exuded tranquility to say the least (we went at night btw).  The servers immediately greeted us and sat us right away.  Granted, no others were there at the time so I would have hoped we were seated right away!The food was delicious and was definitely a reflection of the Thai food I've come to love.  We decided to test drive the fish cake appetizer and the Yellow Panang curry.  Both dishes were fantastic and the Panang was one of the best I've had in a while.  Plus, the thing I like the most about this place is that when you say make the food spicy, they definitely make it SPICY.  I was afraid that my spicy wasn't the disappointing spicy I get at most restaurants, but the Stick E Rice spicy gave me a run for my money.The only thing I didn't like about Stick E Rice was the portions.  Maybe I was just extremely hungry that day or maybe I should learn to eat less (ha ha) but the portions seemed a bit small to me.  I'm usually a heavy eater and, sorry to say, the food here left me a bit hungry after all the entrees we ordered came out.Overall, I enjoyed Stick E Rice, from the inviting decor to the yummyness of the food.  Definitely a spot that has earned a return from me in the near future.
4	trying to try new things. i ive had the chicken wings, chicken sa tay, tom yum soup (hot no.5), and the green curry chicken. all was good. so far the tom yum soup is my favoriteand now i want some now as im writing this..stickerice ir right next to the house so it is the only thai food i have tried.
4	Stick E Rice brought a menu by my office and we have literally eaten there since day 1. My favorite item is the orange chicken but I have tried several others and always loved what I ordered. My co-workers have always given the food rave reviews as well. My only complaint is that delivery usually takes about an hour but, it's understandable since it seems to be a fairly small establishment. We have however had them throw in extra items if they took a long time.
5	Excellent !!! Good food, nice service and clean place...but it kinda smell like smoke maybe because of the bar next door.
2	The decor and ambiance was top rate, however, I was greatly disappointed with their food.  I had the fried shrimp appetizer, which was basically breaded frozen shrimp that you can purchase at Albertson's and go home and cook.  The chow mein was tasty but nothing compared to the Lotus of Siam.  I guess I am somewhat spoiled and used to "homemade" Thai Food, not something I feel was heated up in the microwave.  I feel as though I cheated on my lover (Lotus of Siam) and I feel quilty and completely unsatisfied.
2	The food was average Thai for Vegas.  We have a lot of Thai places that are generally good and this one was not bad but surely not  a standout.  Our order was not what we expected as the salad we wanted had shredded pork.  I'm sure that the phonetically spelled Thai description of the dish noted the shredded pork but it was not written in English like the rest of the ingredients.  Every ingredient was described in English except for the pork.  Weird.  The decor is slightly better than blah, they make an effort at least, the service was slightly worse than mediocre, and the place smelled like smoke.  It didn't smell like cigarette smoke but instead like the building has once been ablaze and the leftover odor was a combo of smoke and cleaning supplies.  There is much better Thai in Vegas at the same price.
5	Very tasty and very professional!  Don't be fooled by the slightly dirty parking lot - it's very clean inside and the employees are kind and helpful.  They always are able to help me select something new and tasty from the menu.So far we've mostly had the pad see ew, pad thai, sesame chicken salad and silver noodle salad - I'd recommend them to anyone.  The prices are very reasonable as well; I usually have enough left over to take for lunch the next day.Be sure to check this place out!
4	Im a big fan of this place the food is good, the portions are adequate and the service is great. Im not sure if it is a family owned business but they always have the same staff working and they're very good at remembering returning customers which is a plus in my book. The great thing is they deliver and are close to work so I get tasty nom's often.. which makes me happy..Oh and try their stick E roll.. its cinnamon-y, sugary, deliciousness.. !!
1	I have never been so disappointed in a Thai food restaurant as this one.Usually I will judge a Thai place by their pad see ew.So I went right in and ordered the pad see ew.A good thing I noticed was the price was very reasonable, but I think that was a trap...LIFE RULE: You get what you pay for.This place had the worst pad see ew I have ever eaten in my life.The noodles were hard and undercooked and it had too much salty flavor.I ordered it with chicken and the chicken was raw inside.When the waitress saw my unfinished food she just looked at it and didnt ask me anything.She just took my plate and left the check like everything was fine and dandy.My co-worker ordered the pad thai and she didnt like it either. She said it was way too sweet and the noodles were too soft.It was also noted by both of us that this was the palest pad thai we have ever seen in our lives.No color whatsoever!?!Ive been eating Thai food for a loooooooooong time.Ive even been to Thailand twice and this was not "it"Pad Thai should have a reddish tint to it from the Paprika.At least thats what I know from over 30 examples I have ever eaten in my life.Also the Thai iced tea had a lot of particulates in it meaning either they didnt filter it correctly to make the tea or something wasnt clean.For such a nicely decorated place I was totally surprised by lack of quality control.With all the problems coming from the food I suspect that the owners dont really know how to cook Thai food and/or run a proper shop.From other reviews it seems that its a family restaurant so heres some advice to the owners:  Just cause you cook good at home for family and friends does not mean you should open a restaurant. First, study your craft carefully and pay attention to every detail.Positives: Decorated nicely but you shouldnt judge a book by its cover.Negatives: Food, shady location, and service.With the bad food, the shady location and the unattentive service I will end it with this:  There are too many other good Thai restaurants in the area to ever eat here again.Thanks but no thanks.
5	My family and I have been coming to this restaurant for a year now. If we don't dine in at least once a month, we order for delivery. It is a very quiet and small restaurant. Definitely "date-worthy" as every time we have gone there were never screaming kids or large families. On to the real deal! The food! In one word : EXQUISITE! We have tried everything on the menu by now and have never once been disappointed. The portions are large and very reasonable prices. We usually order a few things and share and still have plenty left over. I am usually not a fan of spicy foods, however, the flavors that are put together here are too good to pass up. I just end up drinking more of the thai iced tea! The service is to be rivaled! We usually get the same wait staff and they are so friendly and respectful. The owner has served us quite a few times and is the friendliest and very humble. They all check on us frequently and have always been very helpful. The restaurant itself is somewhat hidden away towards the end of the strip mall. However, once you go inside, you feel you are in a very classy place. There is always Thai music playing very softly and beautiful fresh flowers to greet customers. Very peaceful! It is extremely clean. The only reason I say this is because we have been to plenty of other "well-known/liked" Thai restaurants that look and feel "grimy".  This is definitely a favorite of my family!
2	The first time I tired this place was thru delivery to my work, I ordered the Garlic Shrimp, it came with 4 tiny shrimp and a big ball of rice stuck together. My fellow coworkers didn't seem impressed with their meals either (we usually order from Thai BBQ, but I'm not a huge fan of that place either). Second try, we went in for lunch, ordered the Mint Chicken lunch special, $1 extra for brown rice, I loved the soup that it came with more than my meal. Their spice level I 1-5, I ordered 3 and didn't get a hint of heat. 3 spoonfuls of hike sauce later and I still didn't rate any heat. Don't come in for lunch if you're in a hurry, lunch service was really slow. Not my fav Thai place in town.
5	You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  We held a birthday dinner last night and we all got to share a little of what everyone got.  I was impressed with everything.  From the presentation of the food to the service we got.  Granted, we were the only ones there for the most part of an hour, but the staff was attentive and I cannot say this enough, the food was great.  Every time I go a Thai place I try their Panang Curry, and this one was awesome. Usually, I don't give out 5 stars because there's always something I don't like about a place, but this place... aside from their choice in Kenny Gish music.. was awesome! Don't take my word for it, check it out!
2	Tried this place with high hopes and found it less than average.  The service was pretty good and the place was visually appealing but the food was lacking.  The curry we ordered had a very oily and strange consistency.  It tasted ok, but we wouldn't order it again.  Nothing was great, in fact.  Just ok.  The portions were significantly smaller than other Thai places we have been to but the prices were about the same if not slightly higher.  All in all, I won't be going back, not with so many great places to choose from here.
4	Note: I only give out 5 stars to restaurants that are EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.Oh, how I truly wish I could give Stick E Rice 5 stars! If I could grant this place 4.5 stars, I would quickly and happily do so. I spent the last few minutes debating this review with my wife, who is absolutely convinced that Stick E Rice deserves 5 stars.This restaurant has several strong points. Their service is truly amazing. Every time I have come here, I have had the pleasure of being served by the same waitress, whose friendly greetings and smiles make me feel like a member of her family. The waitstaff is always on point, from timing courses well to clearing used dishes promptly. Drink refills are typically not an issue, unless you're only drinking water (but they never leave you wanting for a refill). The reason for this is that soft drinks are served ice cold in cans, accompanied by cold glasses filled with ice. I know that restaurants typically may profit more from serving soft drinks in cans, but I feel that better establishments provide fountain drinks with free refills.I ordered the potstickers as an appetizer, and they are VERY tasty and lack the excessive "doughiness" served by so many other restaurants. I don't know if they're homemade, but I can tell you that surely you can't go wrong in placing an order for them.I typically order from the lunch special menu, so my meal is accompanied by a complimentary soup. The egg drop soup is tasty, and served in an attractive cup with a side of crispy chow mein "chips." I once had a rendition of the hot and sour soup, and I honestly have to say that it needs much work to resemble a true Chinese hot and sour soup.The main courses are always flavorful. The portions may seem small, but upon finishing my order I am always very satisfied. The pepper steak, orange chicken, pad thai and mixed vegetable options are wonderful entrees. My wife's regular favorite entree is the "mixed vegetables with added shrimp."You simply must leave room for dessert!  Stick E Rice offers a dessert called "Stick E Mango" that is absolutely a must-have! We order it every time we come here. Every time. The sticky rice is formed in sushi-sized pieces, and bear the almost banana-like sweetened flavor of coconut. Each order is seemingly bombarded with sliced mango! The mango has always been sweet and succulent; I have never had the unpleasantness of biting into a more green or hardened slice of mango. The mango is drizzled with a sweetened coconut "caramel."I absolutely cannot fathom why anyone could possibly review Stick E Rice with less than a 3-star rating! Sure, the menu may not be perfectly Thai; this restaurant has more of a Thai-Chinese fusion offering, but this combination serves to offer its clientele more choices and even a more familiar option for the less brave. The menu is also somewhat customizable to personal taste and spiciness preference.To maybe receive a 5-star rating:1. Serve fountain drinks with free refills. Even if free refills are not offered, at least, do not serve the soft drinks in cans! That's what I would expect at a home BBQ, not at a nicer restaurant. At a minimum, to preserve the appearance of "freshness," the soft drinks could be served in unopened, chilled glass bottles. I still prefer and strongly recommend the fountain drink option for cost effectiveness and "friendliness" when serving very spicy food that may need to be frequently washed down.2. The restroom is very clean and spacious, but one must pass the register area and the doorway to the kitchen in order to access the restroom. I understand that this is a small business, but the area near the register should be kept clutter-free. I saw stacks of various papers, mail and other things which gave the appearance of an "amateur" business. Clean that area up, especially if it's visible to clients. The kitchen is quite clean from what I could see. Then again, I shouldn't be able to see into the kitchen. Due to design limitations, a door is an unsafe option, but perhaps a sheer curtain or something may be put up to obscure the customer's view into the cooking area, and to somewhat muffle the noise coming from the kitchen into the dining area. I don't know what options are available, but that's not my job, is it?3. Move the music system to the back counter, out of sight.  At a minimum, hide the speaker wires or install some recessed or wireless speakers.4. Refine the menu more (i.e. hot and sour soup).
5	Omg ssssooooooo good!! I ordered the sweet and sour chicken and shrimp fried rice and I just died and came back to life!!! Def will be coming here again.. And I don't even like rice.. Staff was nice and friendly..
4	StickErice is a new place on DI just east of Eastern. First of all this hole in the wall is truly beautiful inside, from nice tables, wide and comfortable chairs to well chosen wooden panels on the wall. Everything inside seems to belong and no greasy carpet but beuatiful tiles.The service is very good and the dishes are very tasty.We ordered fish cakes for appetizer and those we a little dissapointing and too oily, but the presentation was very well thought out. We also had Tom yum soup with shrimp and pork hock. The soup was very tasty and comforting. But the hock was amazing. It was slwoly cooked to perfection and the broth with it was perfect. The well chosen spices in a side dish brought the entire meal together. I do not like fatty meat parts and normally stick to lean meat, but this dish was truly heaven.To conclude, this place serves excellent Thai food in a beautiful setting with great service. But as the previous review, I only give 5 stars if the food blows my mind.
5	Great soup and pad Thai and beautiful decor.  So glad we tried this this place and can't wait to come back.
5	Better  than lotus of siam or that dump Thai barbecue! Staff is friendly  and will take care of you. The  presentation is excellent and the food is superb.
2	The story begins...Me and my hunny had passed this place several times. And not sure why, but we finally decided to give it a try.You walk in and they have mellow jazz playing, very nice decor, it is very clean to the eye and a friendly staff. I placed my order to go.Papaya Salad.Combo AppetizerSpicy Catfish.StickE WingsPad See Ew Beef Noodle Soup.When I had placed my order there were only two parties dining at the time. Shortly after I walked in another gentleman walked in to place an order to go as well, and two more parties. I waited and waited. Everyone else who came in after me received their order before me. I only remained patient because I the patrons were saying how good their food was. So all in all, I waited close to 45 minutes for my food which should not have taken that long.Papaya Salad - one of the worse that I have had in Las Vegas. No Flavor at all. Papaya didnt taste fresh, like it had been shredded for days and just sitting there waiting to be made. Maybe they used an old papaya, I dont know.Combo Appetizer - disappointing for a lack of better words. Filling in the eggrols was mushy and wet. Crab rangoons had no crab in it at all, not even imitation crabmeat - just creamcheese filling. So why call it crab rangoon and not a fried wonton??? Pot stickers were limp and skimpy on filling. It's like the dough was jumping off of the meat trying to escape. and the fried wontons were basically that, fried wonton skins. Pretty disappointing for $10.Spicy Catfish - Was actually okay, but overpowered by bell pepper and not so much catfish. StickEWings - I was actually really anxious to try these, they made it sound soooo goood. Bland and flavorless. Please pass on these.Pad See Ew - this was actually the best thing we had ordered. Noodles were pretty tasty. Beef Noodle Soup - the flavoring in the broth was off. The beef in it was hard and chewy. It was also very oily. I am amazed that this place has such a good rating overall. I just don't get it. Their decor is nice, the staff friendly but the food was soooo disappointing. We will not be going back.
5	#975I had wondered about this place, since I saw the signs on Eastern Avenue, a while back. I checked it out on Yelp; not many reviews but there were some good ones that made me even more curious. I also checked out the menu online, too. I've been wanting to check out new places lately. With Sunday's visit to Lobster Me, this made two out of two (in terms of satisfaction with the good food). Located on the opposite side of the Ross strip mall, and across from Chase Bank, it's easy to miss this place, because it is right next door to a sports bar. Not quite a hole-in-the-wall, this little restaurant with 12 tables really has an elegant feel (three wood plank accents and bright red giant scroll like wood cutouts all on one side, no alter, no gold, one single framed print of Thai royalty), especially with soft jazz music playing in the background. The shape is a rectangle, with three rows of tables, the middle being the tables with the soft cushioned chairs, and the outer rows with dark wood tables and chairs (could be cherry wood or mahogany). There are two small chairs to wait for take-out, I'm guessing, and the host desk/podium (it's very long, similar to a hotel lobby) is at the very front, in front of the kitchen. When we walked in, my husband asked me if I wanted to dine in instead of doing takeout. He said the atmosphere was really "unexpected." It's very pretty inside. The extensive menu (appetizers, soup, salads, thai, chinese, all time favorite- chicken teriyaki, curries. noodles, rice, lunch specials- 20 of them for $6.95, sides, and desserts) featuring Thai food, also serves Chinese food- 18 selections including sweet & sour, beef & broccoli, and orange chicken. The type of dish (chicken/pork/beef vs. tofu/vegetables) is priced at the top, unless otherwise noted.We decided on two things we both like: Yellow Curry Chicken @ $8.95 at spice level 2  (1-5) and Combination Fried Rice (chicken, beef, shrimp, and pork) @ $10.95. A short wait later, we got our food (there were a couple other parties besides us). The food is served on simple white platters (continuing in the restaurant's theme on elegance). The portions were pretty good. In addition to the curry dish, came a small white container of white rice. My husband said that the curry was not a 2, and after I tasted it, agreed, and said it was more like a 3, but I think it was a tad too spicy for him (but he ate it anyway, haha, but was sniffing afterward). I added some red pepper flakes (I like it spicy and my husband can't really enjoy spicy foods). There was really good flavor on both dishes. What I really liked was that the chicken and the rest of the meats were good cuts (and not too large, like Panda Express,with their oversized veggies), no tubes, no veins, no hard parts, no cartilege. The fried rice had a good amount of assorted meats, which kinda surprised my husband. They didn't skimp. Our server was very nice (and kept the drinks refilled), but her english was a bit limited as she did not know what cilantro was (kinda strange, unless the server is new, should know the dishes, so you'd think, right?). The other server was also checking on us too, every so often. Good team work.  All in all, it was a very nice meal (we were celebrating my husband's promotion), good service, pretty atmosphere, decent prices, so I'm sure we will come back again. I want to try other things on the menu. And as I was composing this review, my husband wanted me to tell you all, that he is currently "burping up dinner and it still tastes good." Yes, those are his exact words.
5	Great place, great ambiance, great food, great service!!!! One of a kind!
4	Had carry out twice now. Both times the food was very good. The people are extremely nice. Very clean and quiet also. As I sat and waited for my to go order, they brought me water to the table. I plan on going and dining in soon.
5	Awesome!! Amazing food!! Great customer service!! And the stick e mango to finish was absolutely delicious!!
4	I really like the food here. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet, and the service is quick and friendly. I'll keep coming back.
5	We were planning on hitting the Beijing Noodle Cafe tonight, but sadly they are closed, so that will have to wait for another day. A quick check of Yelp showed us this place, well always being up for a new restaurant and just down the road it was a good substitute.When it comes to Thai food I base everything against Lotus Of Siam, a fantastic restaurant, except that unless you have reservations you will be lucky to get a seat.Anyways, the food.Very very good, as anyone who has read my reviews knows, simple food done right will always win, it just amazes me how many places manage to mess up simple foods.For the record.Chicken Satay, the second best I have had, only beaten by those made by a Thai lady that used to work for me.Chicken Pad Thai, a dish that should be great, but it seems to be murdered by a lot of places we eat at, tonight's was perfect.We also had the Mongolian beef, now, for those used to the typical Chinese restaurant way of cooking it, you would probably wonder what had be brought out to your table, I certainly did, but I have to say, it was fantastic, the beef was succulent, the taste far out shown the presentation.Lastly we had the Crispy pork with broccoli, to be honest, my wife snuck this in while I went to the restroom and I was not expecting much when it came to the table. However, while not may favorite dish of the night (that would be the Pad Thai) it was certainly a nice dish.The service was outstanding, something I would expect from a way higher price range than this, both servers were on their A game tonight.So would I recommend Stick E Rice ? Hell yes, we were no sooner out of the parking lot than I was on the phone setting up dinner with friends for later this week.I should also add, other users have commented on the music, during the dinner my wife and I were guessing at the original artists being covered, I never in my life thought I would here Pet Shop Boys "Suburbia" being covered, in a jazz way...But it sounded great.
3	I originally planned to check out another Thai place further down on Desert Inn but ended up here instead. Stick E Rice is located in a strip mall so there's plenty of parking. They have menus outside the door so you can check out their offerings without even stepping in. But once you step inside you'll find a contemporary designed place with the obligatory picture of the Thai King on the wall. It has a relatively nice ambiance to it. Service was prompt, and my egg flower soup appetizer arrived fast. I snapped a picture of it as I was impressed by how they presented it. And it tasted as good as it looked. Their Thai Iced Tea was pretty much the same as what I've found from here to LA. It was good enough though that I finished it. To give them a fair comparison I ordered Mint Chicken or Chili Mint Chicken and to be honest I wasn't all that impressed. The rice had a little bit more flavor to it, but Komol's offering is just a little bit better, and a bit more spicy. I asked for medium heat and was not impressed with the heat in the dish. Overall while I like this place it's not a good value for the money. I can spend almost $1.50 less at Komol for the total bill and get an egg roll and ginger salad that Stick E Rice doesn't offer. Overall as I've had a lot of Komol lately, Stick E Rice was a nice break, but it was more expensive for what I ordered and I got less. I'll file them away as a lunch choice and to make a second visit but I don't see them making it onto my regular lunch rotation.
5	My husband and I have been going to Stick E Rice over a year now. The service is always friendly. The food is always great because the owner is a cook also and it is authentic Thai...believe me I'm Thai :) The place is very nice and quiet. My favorite appetizers are Chicken Satay and Calamari. My husband loves Num Tok with sticky rice. Papaya Salad (Som Tum) here is the best!!! All Salad menu; Silver Noodle Salad, Shrimp / Squid Salad etc. and Curries menu are great. I love Panang Curry here. I tried the new dish Seafood with curry powder was so yummm.... Also they have authentic Thai menu that I like; Stick E Ribs, Duck Noodle Soup, Guai Jub and Steamed Chicked on Rice. So far one of the best Thai restaurants in the Valley!!
5	Tom Yum Tom Yum Tom Yum5 Stars alone based on the Tom Yum.  I'm amazed that this place is empty most of the time, I don't mind it but this is my new favorite place to come to since I live near by.I love the vibe of the place, it feels like a modern authentic mix and it pretty relaxing.  The service is top notch and I have no complaints.  I know the location is a little bit hard to find and it's right next to some pub but there is plenty of parking.I've only tried a few things.  Again, the Tom Yum soup (with shrimp) is hands down the best soup I've ever had.  It always delivers, the mix of lemon grass and all of those fun seasonings is awesome.  I tried the Thai chicken on a stick (I don't know what it's called, but it came with peanut sauce).  Fantastic!Their BBQ chicken is pretty sweet as well.  I would love to give more of a review on the curry and whatnot but I have been here a couple of times and know this place takes pride in their food.  You can't really ask for anything more.Prices are reasonable.Go. GO. WHY AREN"T YOU THERE YET GOGOGOGOOKLFDSJKDSF!/endspazout
5	So we had a chance to eat at Lotus the night before, this gave me a great chance to compare the two places.For most of the dishes it's an even split, though the Chicken wings at Lotus are better, the rest of the dishes pretty much go to Stick E Rice.Where Stick E Rice is so much better is the service, it of course helps that they are no where near as busy (sadly) but the service has always been top notch.
5	Visited Vegas from L.A. and searched for a good Thai restaurant with sweet sticky rice - most places back home don't serve it when mango is out of season. Not a problem at Stick E Rice.... They have a wide variety of sweet sticky rice desserts.Terrific Thai tea (tastes of ginger), great curries, a beautiful ambiance (modern) in a generic strip mall... and they wisely ask you to name your spice level... I chose 4 and had some serious spice moments, but it really enhanced the flavor and made me appreciate the Thai tea.It's not on the strip, but it's a great spot if you're looking for Thai, and not pricey by Vegas standards. Also, they don't have a liquor license... so don't expect beers! Enjoy!
1	Okay, so I always order here for a delivery. I'm always getting a lot of order each time, and have been satisfied with the food. Just that everytime I order curry, they'll ask me what scale between 1-5, i'll say 3 and everytime I receive my order, everyone that eat it says it's so hot that it's like 5, it's always 10-15mins late, I mean they shouldnt of said a length of waiting time when they can't be sharp on time, especially when I always place a large amount of order and I pay for delivery charge and give a good amount of tip! But I disregard those things and continue to order, one time i ordered curry again and i said 1 out of 5, mind you it's no difference in the hotness of the curry with the scale of 3 we used to order, it went on for how long... Until today, I'm sick and ordered soups and curry, she asked me if i like it spicy and told her i dont like it spicy, not even 1 out of 5 cos im sick. she said 30-40 mins of waiting, i said okay. And guess what? It took an hour! And the curry? It's so spicy! I'm just so mad of how always late they are with deliveries, and pls dont ask customers on the scale of spicyness, cos you guys dont keep up right with the scale, 0,1,2,3,4,5 taste all the same!
4	Tried the beef Penang it was good. But not as good as Lotus of Siam
4	My family and I get food from this restaurant quite often. I've been to many Thai places around Las Vegas and was very impressed with this restaurant. I judge every Thai place by one dish the first time - Spicy Mint Chicken. If it's good, I'll try the Tom Yum Gai. If both are good, I'll frequent it for a long time. I've had both at this place and I have had great experiences. Delicious! I've ordered a large amount of food from Stick E Rice as take out and delivery was fast. I've dined in and compared it to the average Thai restaurant and the ambiance is pretty nice in comparison (for the area as well). Usually if a Thai restaurant doesn't have some degree of dumpiness to it, I'm very skeptical. However, this one was very nice and clean. They don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own. I saw some people had wine. I bought some beer from the Mexican Market next door. I totally recommend going to Stick E Rice, but I think some people will be turned off at the part of town it's in. I live around here and went to UNLV, so I found this pretty nice by the standards I've been accustomed to.
2	I ordered the lunch special Pad Thai and paid the extra dollar for the fried rice. My Pad Thai was in a huge clump and I had to use a knife and a fork to eat it YUCK!The fried rice you have to pay an extra dollar for was not even that good and I felt as though I wasted 9 dollars on food. Disappointing!!!!!!!!!!
5	Love this place! My boyfriend and I used to live really close to this place so we would visit often. Service is awesome and everything we've ordered has been great!
5	Always fresh, quality, tasty Thai food........the Panang & Green Curry are awesome. One of the top 5 Thai restaurants n Las Vegas!  Staff is helpful & professional.  Restaurant is clean and very nicely decorated.  Great for families, friends &/or business lunches.
5	WOW!!! What an unexpected pleasant surprise. We were driving by and decided to try. The Restaurant has a wonderful and peaceful decoration and the food is second to none!!! Best Thai food I have had. The service is flawless.
4	So close to home and much better than any Thai food I've had on the East side. Gotta go with 4 stars for Stick E Rice.They are located in a shopping mall off of Desert Inn. You'll see them next to a Mexican grocery store and a UPS shipping store. I've driven past them countless times, but never really gave much of a thought to going until yesterday when I was dropping off stuff to ship at the UPS. The lunch specials caught my eye - $6.95! Now that's what I'm talking about.The dining area is super nice looking, almost *fancy*. Believe me, you will be surprised to walk in here from the outside. There was nice music playing overhead and I was greeted quickly by the two women at the back counter. Although I was interested in their lunch specials, they did not really have what I wanted so I ordered from the normal menu instead (to go).Panang Curry with Chicken (heat level 4 out of 5) - Pretty good, but the chicken had a bit of an odd texture to me when I got it home and began eating it. The spice was right on par. I definitely got a little sniffy while eating it. I wish there had been a few more vegetables/peppers. Came with a very small container of rice (I usually get more rice at other places, even when I order to go).Thai Iced Tea - Pretty much Thai iced tea. Although they very nicely put a sleeve around it with a handle so I could carry it out to my car with no problem.Final thoughts - I'll be back when I'm in the mood for Thai and I don't want to trek across the valley. This is very close to home for me and they are definitely THE cleanest looking Thai establishment I have been in on the East Side. I would also love to dine in to enjoy the ambiance of the dining area.So, if you're in the mood for Thai on the East Side, head to Stick E Rice.
3	Want in to give it a try, didn't hate it, but I've had better. I had beef pad thai and it was great. My boyfriend on the other hand, he had the seafood soup, as usual, when they brought it out, it seemed good , but had a really strong bay leaf smell, and when he went in for the scoop he saw there wasn't any shrimp, and the portion was smaller than others we've had. Other than that service was great and the restaurant had a nice ambiance.
5	I cannot wait for them to open their new location! I have never had anything there I don't like and even converted my boyfriend into loving Thai food. Their service either eat in or delivery is impeccable! And we have tried many other places since they were reluctantly forced to close and nothing has compared. Panang curry and fish cakes are phenomenal!
5	The food here was awesome! I'm a little late to review this place and it sucks that this place is closed :( i would definitely recommend to anyone who loves thai food.
