5	There is a sign inside Robert's that says "Jewelry is like food; you won't find the good stuff at the mall".  How very very true.  Robert (as in Robert's) is an artist of unmatched caliber in the C-U area.  He helped my husband design my engagement ring and I get compliments on it constantly.  Also, when my great-grandmother passed away, Robert helped us restore much of her jewelry, updating the settings while maintaining the style of the era.  Every piece he has ever done for us is absolutely gorgeous.  Wearing his creations make me feel like a million dollars.  I will never go to another jeweler as long as Robert is still in the C-U area
5	Robert Liable created the most beautiful engagement ring, it's everything I hoped for. Robert and his staff really care and offer incredible customer service. They made the whole process special for us. And it was a fraction of the price of most jewelers. We couldn't be happier!
5	My fiance wanted a custom ring, and insisted we go to Robert's, despite living over 3 hours away. I was skeptical that it was worth the distance, but I could not have imagined a better result. They were very receptive to her ideas and drew up a number of great designs. They were helpful in taking apart a family ring to use some of the stones in the new engagement ring, and they were able to take some money off for the melt value of the older ring. My fiance absolutely loves her ring, as well as the custom wedding band. They are even making 3 necklaces with the remaining stones. I got a simple titanium band for me, and I'm pretty sure they gave it to me with little to no mark-up. An excellent experience, and a great product. Seems more economical than the cookie-cutter jewelry chains.  We got married three months after our engagement, and they were able to deliver the ring quicker than originally promised, impressive as it was already a tight time schedule.
5	I love my engagement ring from Roberts! They are making my wedding band as well!
5	Just had my husband's wedding band re-sized and my engagement ring repaired at Robert's.  Both rings look brand new!  We got our rings back within a week and their prices were reasonable.  I'd shopped around for sizing charges and Robert's had the lowest price I could find.  I'll be taking all my jewelry business to Robert's now!
