4	looking for a fun way release your creativity? Look no further than As You Wish Pottery Painting. Come in and pick out anything you can imagine in pottery form to paint. Over the years I have painted lots of kitchen supplies, picture frames, and trinkets. It's really fun to come in and paint with your friends and you can also make a great gift for someone. The price is usually seven dollars an hour to paint plus the cost of the item that you choose. After you are done with your masterpiece they will take it to the oven and glaze it, and you can pick it up in two days!
4	So what is one to do when watching a friends 11 year old daughter on a Friday night? (they were visiting from the UK and I let them have a date night)  I decided to take her to the As You Wish Pottery Painting Place for a creative outlet and some girl time...(Hannah Montana wasn't in town this weekend)  I had passed As You Wish Pottery Painting Place often when going to the yardhouse and to the movies, but have never ventured in...I now know why...This place was FULL of screaming kids having a birthday party in the back and making an absolute mess...But my young friend and I had a blast.She choose to paint a picture frame and add on cowboy boot for a cost of $18.00 and I choose a Vase that also cost $18.00.  Paint, brushes, studio fee and glazing was all included in the $7.50 for adult. $5.50 for children fee.  (go onto their website and get the 1/2 off fee coupon).My young friend and I spent about 2 hours painting and chatting (about our favorite Hannah songs).  When we were done painting our pottery, we left it behind for the glazing and firing of our pieces which were to be completed in a few days.  I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised to see how talented we were when I picked up our pieces...they came out great.So if you are looking for a creative outlet, a fun outing with the kiddies, or an evening alone to listen to screaming children, I would recommend As You Wish Pottery Painting Place.  The staff is friendly and it is a fun and creative way to spend a few hours.
4	Great place for kids to make personalized gifts. Affordable price point. Friendly and helpful service. Nice selection of classes. Love this place!
4	We took Cadie (our daughter) to As You Wish today for her 2nd birthday party. It was a great time. A bunch of moms (I was the photographer) and their younglings. Everyone painted and had fun. The cool thing was that we could bring our own food and the staff was AWESOME!!! It really is a fun group activity and a birthday party is just perfect. I can't wait to see the camo dog, the striped piggy bank, a couple multi-colored butterflies and I think a skull magnet? It was a great time! I definitely recommend it for your family or friends to make some great, lasting memories both in posterity as well as in ceramic. :)
4	Want a unique date night?  Craving for something to do on your own?  Want to have an avenue to express your inner artistic abilities?  OK, here you go!Very interesting concept: Pick a piece of pottery, think of what you would like to design on it, you can draw your idea on with pencil, go grab your paints, brush, sponges, or stencils, and away you go.  They will then fire & glaze it, ready to pick up your masterpeice in a few days,A great place to zen out and leave all your stress and worries at the door.  Good for a keepsake, special gift, 1-of-a-kind conversation piece, or create a memory.1 star lost for the very annoying and extremely intrusive studio "helper" which I will leave un-named.  Kinda ruined alot of the experience.  I should say that if you need assistance, you can have it, but when you do NOT need it, well, please leave us alone - ie: i f you are in Barnes & Noble, you don't need a clerk to repeatedly come up to you every 10 mins to ask if you are going to buy that book or they read it, or do you want a better suggestion..... ect.
3	I do like going there to paint pottery, you can also do mosaic pieces, but be prepared to pay for it. It takes about three days to fire your pottery. I have never really been impressed with the employees working there. They have never been that friendly and I have been going there since it opened. Once I had an employee rush me to finish painting so I cod be out of there before closing.
4	I took a couple days off last month to hang with my sister and her babies (ages 2 and 3 weeks). We wanted to do something fun with the 2 year old but indoors as its been hot out. We got to As You Wish at 10 am right opened and they were JAM PACKED! Apparently they have classes and class wasn't out yet. At first they were a bit snotty and asked if we had a reservation, when we told them we didn't they took down our name and number and said they would call us when a table was free. About 20 minutes later they called and were ready for us. We had no clue that a Monday morning at a Pottery place would be the happening place. For $28 my niece painted a ceramic puppy. The cost to paint was only $8 but the price of the pieces they have to paint there are way over priced. My niece had fun and she loves her green and purple puppy.
4	This is a fun thing to do with kids.  The staff are really helpful and friendly.  The supplies are everything I could imagine needing.
4	Thanks to my friend Lori M for organizing a little get-together at this place, I will soon be the proud owner of a handmade plaque with my son's footprint and handprint on it!  Our group of new parents met with our babies at As You Wish to make these keepsakes yesterday afternoon.  While I like the concept of painting your own pottery, I'd never before stepped foot into this business.  As was expected, it was a zoo on a weekend, filled with kids and parents, but the staff was friendly and organized.  A fellow named Ryan helped our group and he was great.  If you're looking for a reasonably priced activity to do with the kiddos (or without them), and pottery is appealing to you, check this place out and explore your "inner artist."  As the name says, you can create anything "as you wish."
5	I took a friend here, on my first vist, under a recommendation from my little sister who comes in often. The girl working in the front told us to pick the pieces we wanted to paint and have a seat.  She explained the whole process to us (paint light colors before dark colors, paint three coats to get a solid color) and we were painting away. The staff at the Tempe store are very helpful and friendly.  I hear them giving pointers and helping the people who ask for help all the time - no matter how busy or hectic business is going.  I've yet to see any of them frazzled or lose their temper. I've been back about four times this month to do christmas gifts!As You Wish, has an excelent selection of bowls, cups, plates and platters, as well as figurines, jewelry boxes, and seasonal items. You can create your own design on a plate, copy one the sample designs, or simply just color in a figurine.  The finished product looks so finished that it just about anything comes out looking very nice - just be mindful of your colors! Price-wise, if you check their website periodically, they're always running specials and discounts which make the experience super affordable.  Recently, I've been using a $10 off coupon every time and getting about 4 hours of entertainment for $12.Things to note are: you'll get a better experience when they are not busy (more paints are available,preferable seats), check their website for promotions and deals, and pottery painting draws in little kids -- be prepared to be in a loud atmosphere and occasional crying children. During busy seasons/hours make sure to call and reserve a table.  You pick your items up three days after, so if you're painting a gift, plan accordingly. Overall, As You Wish, is fun, affordable if done right, and the staff is great!
4	Such a fun place for kids and parents both.  Great place to make gifts or just to have fun.  So fun.
3	It is fun but is pricy and also very inconsistent with their sitting fee If you are doing a kids footprint, we did twice ans the first time they only charge us one time (the day we did the footprint) and not when we finish it, the second time we had to do it all the same day because they wanted to charge us twice, it was imposible to paint with a 1 year old there and my project didnt come out as I wanted.
3	The staff here changes frequently. It is a favorite spot for my kids. Great place for the kids to make gifts and also great for birthday parties.
4	Yes, it is a little pricey, but it is so much fun.  Every time we have a moms night out at this place, we have a blast.  They let us take over the whole back room and we bring drinks and appetizers, we have such a feast that sometimes we have only 30 minutes to finish which ever piece we are supposed to paint.   Last time I was so much wiser and I chose a small plate, presto, it was done in less than 30 minutes and it turned out great.
5	I had a fantastic experience creating fused glass pendants last week.  The staff was extremely helpful, and even stayed open past 9 so we could finish our creations.  When I went to pick up my jewelry, Jake was so helpful.  More than a cashier, he sanded rough edges off my glass pendants, glued on jewelry hooks and even taped all of them to cardboard for safe transport.  He was very attentive and friendly, even when other customers arrived.  I really appreciate the superb service, and am totally thrilled with my new jewelry.  I have gotten so many compliments on the necklaces already!  Thanks, As You Wish!!!
4	This was my first time at As You Wish. I love art and was excited to get started. We were greeted promptly and led to a table to fill out our info and pick out pottery to paint. After that, we waited and waited and waited for someone to show us the painting supplies. It was a little aggravating since they kept saying they'd come help us but didn't. Eventually they did, and a nice girl clued us in on the process. I felt confident about what I was going to be doing and the space was clean and well organized. Because of the wait, the woman who helped us gave me a coupon for $5 off our purchases! It took us both a while to complete our art but it was a great experience. It can get pricey so pay attention to the price of the item you choose.
5	Lots of fun... me and my girlfriend want to go there again and again.  The first time we went we came to late and Morgan (an extremely friendly fun staff member) gave us a quick idea of what to expect.  She gave us recommended times, reminded us about the fun, and kept us smiling.   We returned a week later and had an absolute blast.  Though I will say my talent is sub - par and my girlfriend is an artist in secret.   We should have our painted mugs soon!  Thank you Morgan for a great experience, and too all the staff who helped encourage us to do our best and have fun!
1	The staff showed little care for their product. While I was painting I saw an employee break two finished peices and laugh nonchalantly about it with no remorse. I guess I could have taken this as forshadowing, because I received a call the following day that a shelf had "broken" and smashed one of the two pieces I was to pick up. When I went to pick up my second piece, which I had payed extra for professional writing, the so called professional writing was unfinished. Great concept but I would not come to this location.
4	Whether you're an adult or have children who are looking for something fun to do, this place is for all ages! They have so many different products that you are able to create and they provide everything you need down to the different sized paint brushes. Your creations are glazed and ready for pickup within 3 days. Great way to bond and be creative!Cons: The staff at this location are not welcoming and they seem to walk around complaining and talking about drama more than work related stuff. Nothing was explained to us when we walked in, we waited to be helped and the girl just told us to pick something, paint it and pay at the end.One employee kept reminding us that we "needed to hurry up" because they were going to close in five minutes. Then she complained to another co-worker very loudly that she couldn't lock the door because we were still in there cleaning up. I understand that the store needed to be closed and the staff probably just wanted to go home, but there was no need to be rude about the situation. In the midst of all the rushing, another employee broke a customers creation while she was cashing him out. The manager on duty didn't handle the situation the way a customer service professional would have. I will come back to this location, but I was not happy with the service at all!!!!!
5	This place is so addicting! I love spending my weekends here painting the beautiful pieces they have for you to pick from. The staff is wonderful, very friendly! I take my friends and family here, they all love it.
