1	DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY.This is the worst run business I have come across. I reserved a 12 person passenger van a week prior to our road trip. Right before our trip, they emailing me to say that they could not accommodate our reservation.  I was left scrambling to find a 12 person van to rent last minute. Their reasoning was, in the fine print they need to call you the next day to confirm the reservation even though you set the reservation and credit card info etc. on line.   No apology, no remorse, just a 'what did you expect' attitude.DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY.
1	The worst!!We rented a van for a couple of days. Their office is located inside an Hotel like around the corner in the first floor so they leave their cars in the hotel's parking lot. This guy inspected it before we took it and gave us the keys. When we returned it they had no one at the office (even on a weekday around noon). So I called the main office in Irvine and told me to leave the car in the parking lot and leave the keys in a box they have at the lobby. We did. Major mistake was not taking pics or videos of the car when we left it.A MONTH later they "email" me an estimate for repairs needed to be done on this van. I called the same day half an hour later and they tell me the person who emailed me is not available anymore. I called every day for several days and nothing; the general manager (who I was supposed I had to speak with still unavailable). They said I can try again, mmm no; I told them instead they will hear from my lawyer.I got a call in less than an hour from this guy who told me we were held responsible until they took possession of the car. So even when it was IN their property it was still our responsibility. What was I supposed to do? Sleep inside the freaking car until the next day? Or pay an extra day until I find someone who could take it? He said it was on the contract. Major BS! He also said they give their customers the chance to talk to their insurances. Really?? You want me to pay more for my insurance just because you want your car fixed? When it wasn't even our fault?Never heard from them again.
