4	I've been to this Savers before and decided to visit again today. I really like the feel and layout of this store. It's very well kept and stocked. The way things are laid out make sense, and the store is quite clean.The pricing is quite reasonable and competitive. I do have to agree with Heidi though about the unruly kids. I definitely suggest trying to go at a quiet time, but I don't really know when that would be!
4	I have found this Savers and declared it to be much better than the others. They keep it pretty clean and organized and the place is not overrun by children. I found many books that I had long ago forgot about here. The housewares are sometimes a hit and miss as they can be way overpriced. Even though I am a grown ass adult I still find myself walking over to the toy section and checking out what kind of toys they have for sale which are usually in pretty good condition. Good selection of shoes and purses. I did happen to find some great buys here. Save yourself a couple of hours to be able to properly shop in a thrift store.
4	-Very clean thrift store.-Nicely organized.-Prices are reasonable.-Quick check-out.-Parking is convenient.
3	Savers seems to be getting a little over-priced but luckily they have changed this by reimplementing their 50% off tag sale days and they still have their senior sale days. Everything at this store is pretty much organized than other locations probably because no one goes to this one because it is so far, score for me.
3	Stopped in a whim because I'm new to Phoenix area (from Ohio) and had never seen a Savers. Basically it's a thrift store like a Goodwill. Fairly large, organized & relatively clean. I didn't really shop, more just walked through to see what kind of items the carry. Lots of clothes. Home goods & knock-knacks. They even had a preacher's pulpit in the furniture section! Crazy right? Prices seemed ok, but not huge bargains overall. But maybe that's just a difference between Ohio thrift stores & Arizona thrift stores?
2	naa, Bad Savers! Bad!I used to come in here all of the time and they had great stuff and not only that, they were at great prices. Now they have a lot of dumpy stuff to say it ineloquently. Ladies if you go in the back to find awesome purses, there are now only ugly purses or cheap knockoff purses that they price expensively. Right, like no one can tell these are not real.Clothes, they just do not have anything good anymore, previously there were good brands and nice styles. Of course this is subjective but I'm just giving you a general idea here. Shoes are just as bad, brands are obscure and anything you would remotely consider, maybe just to say you have something, are priced way too much. Men's ties are a wreck and so are the belts, you can however find nice ones for women. I can at least say their book selection is good, I found a lot of good finds there. Housewares, well that's another story. I understand that they are trying to make money here and that the money is going to a good cause, but what's the point if people can't afford or won't buy items that are priced too highly?I saw a crystal pitcher in there that was nice, it was no Baccarat Crystal but one of those pitchers you might find at Ross for say $24 bucks, and I said to myself okay that looks nice, maybe $15-20 give or take would be fair. I turn it over to see the price and it was $50.00. The only thing I saw there that was a steal was a nice couch that they marked for $25, the next day was a 50% off day so someone got the couch for $12.50. Even another customer remarked, "Wow only $25? they usually mark up everything too high."One man kindly gave me his coupon for 50% off. You can get these apparently by donating a large bag of items or clothing. They are only good for that day, and only good on clothing, shoes and linens. So not housewares that include dishes, appliances, furniture. What happened to you Savers? I guess I have to break up with you before I cheat on you. I am now moving on to other independent thrift stores. It's not you, it's me.
4	This is the Nordstrom of the thrift store world.It's a trip when people complain about their selection.  It's a thrift store for cripes sake!  They always have cool items.  It takes an exceptionally special item for me to make a purchase... and I have found a handful of buyable items over the years. I really like that it's not sweltering hot in this store.
3	Savers is one of the best thrift stores, much preferred over Goodwill. Everything is organized, well priced and the staff is usually friendly.
4	Great inexpensive place.
3	It's a thrift store, but a good step above Goodwill. The clothes is generally good, and it's pretty organized in here. They have books, some furniture type stuff, the occasional wedding dress, pj's, and all other clothes in-between. Their shoes are pretty bad though, never buy used shoes! Often they have new clothes, but sometimes their prices are a little bloated for the value.
3	This one of the larger locations in town.  In a building by itself, there's plenty of parking and even a convenient drive up & drop off door for donations.  The Better Half found a pair of earrings for $5 that matched a bracelet she had at home...score for her.We didn't have time to browse the entire store, but it was clean and well organized so we were able to quickly browse a few areas of interest.The employees here are friendly and helpful.  Will come back again if we're on this side of town.Return Factor - 70%
4	I'm totally shocked to find I never reviewed this store! As many times as I came in here the nine months I lived in my mother's house in Chandler in 2007?? I have bought so much stuff in here over the past seven years I have probably paid a year's rent for them.  I do believe their prices have gone up and sometimes border on the ridiculous but if you go on the 50% off days you can do really well.  Their stuff is in good condition and well organized.  I keep coming back every time I'm in town!
3	It takes to to become familiar with this place when I've been going to Goodwill for so long
5	I love this place!  Prices are way better than Goodwill and it is so much cleaner inside!! Big selection of clothing and I love finding furniture that I can restore for my new home!
1	Taking back all my stars except the one I can't take out.  First of all I might have spent over a hundred dollars if their prices weren't so high. Instead I only spent $25 and even that seemed high for the little dab I bought . But the main problem was that I had purchased a fuzzy Halloween blanket at one of their other locations earlier in the month and I discovered a few days ago that they had overcharged me for it by $5. Very clearly the tag  said it was $9.99 yet the clerk or cash register charged me $14.99. I picked up the same blanket at this store and it scanned at $9.99 here.  I had a receipt that clearly showed the code numbers matched the brand new blanket I bought and showed that I had been charged $14.99 for it but the manager kept looking at it as if somehow I had altered something to cheat them . Then he said that because it had been over 7 days I would have to drive to the OTHER location to resolve the problem even though it was about 8 miles and would have cost me $5 in gas to drive there and back . On top of that I bypassed some of the things that I might have bought that they had prices on that were actually higher that they cost new.   For instance they had two skeins of yarn that Big Lots sells for a dollar apiece but Savers had marked $2.99 for the two skiens. Another skien that I could probably buy at Michaels for under $2.99 with a coupon they had marked $2.99, etc etc. Their used Halloween items are as much as $15 to $20 . They had a pair of child rain boots for $7.99 . You get the picture. There is a Savers location on Power Road that actually has normal thrift store prices unlike this one. No wonder there aren't very many people in here. Especially when they overcharge customers which is clear on the receipt and then refuse to give the customer credit toward their purchase of that day. Right now I'm thinking of that scene in The Wizard of Oz where Auntie Em says that she's not going to say what she's really thinking because she's a Christian lady.
3	My grandmother likes to take me here whenever I'm in town, and it's a consistently nice thrift store with decent clothes, housewares, and, well, pretty much anything else you could want. The prices are less expensive than Goodwill (especially when there's a sale!), and the selection is a little bit better. The clothing racks are stuffed and usually require quite a bit of digging in order to turn over some real gems--but I guess most thrift stores are that way. The shoe selection is not my favorite, but maybe I always catch those shelves on a bad day.On my most recent trip, I found a bunch of jewelry for under $3 each, a few shirts including a gray Le Tigre sweater, and a couple of cute dresses for around $5 each. The store always smells a little odd--sort of a combination of fried food and perfume, so it can be a little off-putting, but it's generally pretty clean! Overall, not a bad place!
5	Absolute fan of any Savers in any city.So much more browsing. Is it better than Goodwill? I'd say they are about the same with the exception of the books. Books at Savers are less expensive than Goodwill.I'm a Savers shopper.
