5	One minute you're cruising on the freeway and the next you're running over a massive tire tread, which you believe to be a body or a chupacabra, that has been ejected violently onto your hood from the truck in from of you. Needless to say, you need some auto body work.My insurance directed me to Auto Body World for an appointment that I thought would be about as pleasurable as a trip to the dentist. Wrong! Auto Body World and its fabulous, friendly staff proved a pleasure to work with from start to finish.Front office staff: Awesome. Estimate guy (I don't really know what the title is): Awesome. Technicians: AWESOME!They had me in and out the door in less than 15 minutes for my initial appointment, repaired my car ahead of schedule, then graciously processed my paperwork and returned my vehicle  when I accidentally showed up 30 minutes after closing time. And all of this with a smile.Another plus? There is an Enterprise rental car service on site just for their customers' use - and they offer great discounts through your insurance carrier even if your rental isn't covered by your plan.And did I mention my car looks like new? I couldn't recommend this business and location more highly.
1	I'll go ahead and start by making the bold statement that these guys don't care about quality. I have an old Cadillac that was driven by a 90 year old man up until I got the car. The car was in perfect shape until I was rear ended. I decided to take it to auto body world since they're down the street from my house. I made it known on multiple occasions that I wanted the car exactly how it was before the wreck and they assured me that it will "look brand new." I didn't notice how bad it was until I got the car home. Oh, a side note, they bring you your car when "finished" and park it in shaded/covered parking so you don't notice their shoddy work. Long story short, there's parts listed on the paperwork that they supposedly bought to replace the damaged parts yet the damaged parts are still on the car. Weird. They replaced chrome parts with plastic and got overspray all over the front of the car. The trim doesn't fit together how it's supposed to and it has bends in it....it's not even flush to the panels. When the trunk was hit the latches were bent severely and they just did their best to bend them back even though they needed to be replaced. The most annoying thing....when I open the trunk it's supposed to open all the way without having to touch it.... It now only opens a quarter of the way. And, conveniently, all of the sudden the interior left speakers don't work anymore. They certainly did when I dropped the car off. WTF! If you want your car to look like it came out of Maaco then go to Auto Body World.
