5	Awesome food that's ready in no time. Great pizza and salads. Really trendy.
4	This place is pretty cool. I was craving a wrap and searched through downtown until I found Anton & James. The folks working at AJ were very helpful. I asked about many of the items on their menu and they took time to pleasantly explain the ingredients. I eventually ordered the Tuscan sandwich converted to a wrap. Very tasty.The prices are decent and I like how  you have the option to take ready-made food to go or have it made fresh. AJ has plenty of good seats along the windows so that you can people watch along Rue Stanley.The only downside is that it costs $6 to add chicken to their veggie wraps. That seems really excessive considering that you can buy a cooked rotisserie chicken from Costco for less than $6. At any rate, I'd recommend AJ for good food, service, location, and prices.
3	trendy, "urban cafeteria". prices are not bad, and the food is good. try the roasted red pepper and feta foccacia!
3	After a day of hiking up Mont Royal, and having an unsettled stomach all day, all I wanted was a sandwich stop somewhere near my hotel in the downtown area.  I know, what a waste to want (need) a non-greasy, cold sandwich when you're traveling a new town and the town happens to be  a foodie's playground.  Well, Anton & James is not such a bad place to have had a meal at all.  I got a turkey sandwich on the rosemary bread.  It was so good!  It's open late for downtown on a Monday (I'd guess 10pm or so?), and it's right between Maisonnueve and Bell Centre.... off of Rue Stanley.  Safe area, and nice people-watching if you choose to sit in the stools that face the street window.  They also had a clear case displaying their pastries and breads (where you can help yourself to, and then take to the counter to pay), and they looked fantastic.  And quite unique, but without looking like a toothache in the making.  I would have tried one, but remember?  Unsettled stomach?  Price was decent at around $7 or so for a sandwich that was not small nor huge.  I can't remember right now, but I think it came with a salad?  Maybe not.  They serve espresso as well, if you'd like.
4	The Holly Trinity of Eatery Reviews: Atmosphere, Service, FoodAtmosphere: Anton & James (AJ) is a beautiful place to sit down or grab a bite on the go.  Situated on Stanley St (between De Maisonneuve and St. Catherine streets) - it does a great job of being in the mix of it all, but yet retain a type of clean urban look.  The place can get a little crowded at lunch time and dinner, and it does not have abundant seating - but despite this, the decor is such that it allows all patrons to seamlessly intertwine without getting (too much) in each other's way.  There is a long Granite table on the top floor that's perfect for evening gatherings with friends.  Love the set up.Service:  The people at AJ's are very very professional.  Through my dinning experience in Montreal, I've come to learn that AJ's is owned / run by the same people that own Ruben's Deli(s) on St. Catherine's Street, and one of the hallmarks of Ruben's is professional service - this has certainly been translated to AJs.  Pay for your food, and they will give you a number (on a stand), and a waiter, waitresses, or sometimes even the manager will bring the food to you - upstairs, downstairs, or even outside (in the summer time). Food:  If end up liking AJ's atmosphere and service - you'll come back for the food!  The menu is limited (but expanding slowly) and mainly consists of several types of grilled panini sandwiches - You absolutely MUST try the chicken chipotle - MUST.  Everything is made fresh, and if you order a pizza (good for 1 & 1/2 people), it's made from absolute scratch.  There are usually 2-3 soups of the day ready and hot, and AJ's provides a wide selection of beverages and packaged salads if you're on the go.   They have an absolutely divine deserts counter - that will certainly become a guilty pleasure.  Carrot Cake Muffin, all the way.  Prices are reasonable if a little on the "not cheap" side - but you certainly get you're money's worth - and that's what counts.Big fan ~ urban chic.
4	I come here for lunch occasionally, whenever I am craving a pizza that is good, yet cheaper than a sit down restaurant.You can either buy pret-a-manger items or you can order something from their menu (pizzas, sandwiches, wraps, paninis...etc).  I have tried a few of their choices and would recommend any of their pizzas.  For sandwiches I recommend the wild mushroom and goat cheese.  Very delicious for being a vegetarian option.They have a small seating area upstairs and if you order for here they hand you a number and when the foods ready they will bring it to you wherever you are.  As others have stated, it is a trendy place.I find the sandwiches and paninis to be a bit overpriced, but the pizzas are at a decent price point.
4	When craving the taste of fresh, simple ingredients done right, go to Anton & James.The pizza's are perfectly made with quality products. The tomato basil, is beautiful, The BBQ pizza spicy and the mushroom pizza has a unique texture I love.The wraps seem small for what you are paying for, but once you get through half you realize those suckers are stuffed! Chicken Caesar wrap rocks.The salads are big and packed with flavor.The soups are ultra fresh. Love the clam chowder.Then there is the baked goods!!! Please try the Almond Croissant. It is flaky, creamy, almond perfection. Really, you need to try it out, yes it may seem pricey but trust me, across the street there is MB & Co, where they gauge your money for mediocre food plated fancy.Stick to Anton & James.
3	Over the years, I have visited Anton & James quite a few times. The location is, without any doubt, extremely convenient - It is a great restaurant to visit when you are in a hurry and are looking for a good fast-food restaurant downtown. Their food is, also, quite better than what other fast-food chains offer!However, every time I visit the banner, I somehow feel a little ripped off. Yes, their food is good, fresh. Yes, the quality of the ingredients is a gazillion times better than what you would find at your local Golden Arches. However, I am one of those who cannot help but frown a little when they have to pay more than 20$ in a fast food restaurant. Last time i visited A&J, I opted for the Mediterranean Pizza, which was satisfying and prepared with fresh veggies, feta and basil. The taste was good, but never as impressive as anything I could have tasted in a true Italian restaurant for the same price. A friend of mine with which I visited this place told me that it reminded her of an "Airport cafeteria". Somehow, I cannot disagree.
4	Went to Anton's after a long awaited year and had an inside out grilled cheese. It was sooo good! Crispy, buttery, cheesy, delicious. While I was there I could not believe what I witnessed! The most disrespectful, arrogant customer I have every seen. Belittling a waitress for not speaking French to his caliber, calling her names and asking for his order to be remade. When she came back with his new pizza he kept up the complaints. She left crying, when the owner came to see him he handled the situation like a pro, as the client kept up his banter the owner stated that he has re-made his order 3 times, compensated him; but once he was done, if he would please not come back to his establishment.It was refreshing to see an owner stand up for his employees. He also personally came to apologize to my sister and I for the disruption.Mad respect for the food, the workers, and owners!
4	Hahaha, almost a 5 star A&J, almost!My girlfriend and I loved this place, their pizzas are absolutely fabulous. I had the BBQ chicken and my girlfriend had the Anton & James chipotle and chicken. Hers was slightly under-seasoned, and mine tasted perfect. The service was great, the ambience is amazing, and I love the views at night from upstairs.My only complaint is, if I were to pay for a 4$ hot chocolate, I expect real chocolate in my cup with 100% milk. Instead what I tasted was chocolate powder and hot water, which was slightly disappointing.At any rate, this is your go-to place for pizza in downtown. Simply wonderful.
5	I like to refer to this place as an urban cafeteria because you can literally walk in, grab something out of the fridge, and walk out (after paying, of course).  A&J offer ready- made sandwiches and salads, pastries, AND hot meals. If you're not in a hurry and don't mind waiting/eating at the resto, then you can go ahead and order from the vast menu of hot items such as panini or pizza. They have a small sitting area upstairs, as well as a small terrasse outside. Their mushroom pizza is to die for (roasted Portobello, Shitake and Porcini mushrooms + fresh basil, garlic and Fontina + Mozzarella cheese. The dough is just the right consistency - not too thick, delectably soft and oh-so-tasty. I usually opt for one of their salads when I'm grabbing lunch on the go; I've tried most of their offerings and enjoy them all - the portion is just right for me, unlike Chop Crazy or Fabrika who make HUGE salads you just can't finish.  I've also tried their sandwiches, which are made fresh on the spot. My favorites include: Under the Tuscan Sun (Grilled chicken breast, tomatos, red onions, greens, provolone and pesto mayo on Rosemary focaccia) and the WIld Mushroom & Goat Cheese (roasted Portobello, Shitake and Porcini mushrooms, tomatos, greens, garlic aioli sauce on Ciabatta bread. Overall, you can't go wrong here.  Whether you're looking for a carb fix or trying to eat healthy - if you're looking for fresh food to go, this is the place to get it. Oh, and they now offer breakfast items too!
4	A real urban pizzeria, love the set up, love the food.A small fast food type eatery where you order your food beforehand and pay for your food beforehand and they'll bring it to you when it's ready.Main floor has lots of quick snacks and prepackaged meals if you're on the go, like soups, salads, fruit cups, juice blends..Their pizzas are prepared and heated fresh for you, only complaint is that their pepperoni is extremely salty.They have a bunch of sandwiches and wraps - i love the chicken cesar one. Portions are decent, but prices a bit high.They also serve smoothies which look like a small cup and charge 4$ - I could get a much bigger gulp elsewhere that's for sure...Antone and James is a trendy place, you really feel like you're living the downtown experience when you eat upstairs, facing the window where you can people watch.
5	Pleasant afternoon atmosphere and DELICIOUS hot food! Wrapped food available if you're on the go. The upstairs window seating is perfect for a casual lunchtime date.
4	Alright, that Mustard and Honey Glazed Steak Wrap was the bomb.Oh my goodness, that steak was so tender and the seasoning was so on point, that I just want to keep on eating that until I hate myself.Seriously, even my girlfriend who hates eating beef said that tasted amazing.I had the Anise Lemonade, and I hate anise drinks. I'd appreciate it if they can label or indicate to the customers somehow that the lemonade was flavoured with spices, and it was slightly overpriced, too.Besides that, I will come back regularly to ingurgitate that wrap and feast on their delicious pizza.
5	Really enjoyed the steak and mustard wrap, but it's heavy so made it two meals. Delicious mushroom pizza, the cold deli items are also tasty. Wasn't as big a fan of the chicken noodle soup, but everything else has been excellent. I look forward to gradually trying everything on the menu!
5	An urban cafeteria in the center of downtown Montreal. The restaurant is conveniently located off of St. Catherine street.Their PEP pizza is one of my favorites to eat in on a stool watching the shoppers go by. Loaded with pepperoni and the right amount of cheese, the pizza is heat in their ovens and comes out piping hot in minutes. If I need a lunch to grab 'n go - They have a large selection of wraps and sandwiches. My personal fav is the Azteca Chicken wrap. Great when it's toasted warm.
4	Friendly place and good for lunch breaks and evenings when u r not into making dinner!Make sure you try the roast beefThe staff are very nice by the way
5	There's not too much seating in the restaurant, but most of the food they serve is more for takeout anyways. I personally got a mushroom pizza, and though I initially felt apprehensive about the price, it was worth it in my eyes. The pizza was subtle, well seasoned and had plenty of toppings. I shared it with someone, so I didn't fill me up, but I didn't mind my tongue was satisfied.
4	I've gotten to the point where I tend to just roll my eyes when someone says a pizza place is good (Montreal has the world's best bread and cheese but for some reason can't puzzle out how to put them together in a pizza configuration) but we needed somewhere near the movie theatre that wasn't the food court so gave this little place a try. As described, it's a take-out/small eat-in semi-cafeteria feel with high end products and ingredients. The pizza was fresh, made fast and high quality (yay for good ricotta!). Their homemade chipotle oil was a hit and we had an overly sweet but still yummy smoothie.Amazing? No? Thoroughly worth the visit before a movie, quality, served with a smile and pretty damn good for Montreal pizza? Yep.
4	It's the go-to place for a good lunchAlthough a bit pricey, it is often worth it, the food is fresh and flavorful and made on the spot rather then brought over from some factory. Never disappointed by anything i've eaten there - but their Pizzas are the best. Thin and crispy and the ingredients are simple fresh and delicious
