4	I first stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago.  It looks like a high-dollar gambling area with a bar, and it is.  The slot machines at the bar are $1 minimum.  The reason I like this bar is the female bartenders and the female cocktail waitress eye candy.  Another reason is the good selection of bourbons and whiskeys, and sure Scotch too.  They have Breaking & Entering bourbon which you won't find many places west of the Mississippi.  1842 Tavern at MGM has an even better bourbon and Scotch menu.  That's the real big hidden treasure for Vegas if you're a bourbon or Scotch fan.  There are TV's all around the place, so you can watch your favorite big sport games.  They were kind enough to play a Nevada footbal game which is a rare treat coming from Reno.  Their shortcoming is the limited beer menu.  For such a high-end bar, you'd think they can be a little bit more original than corporate swill and light beers.  How about a Sam Adams or Sierra NV at least, at least.  But it doesn't really matter in the final analysis, because you're only really here for the hot bartenders.  Vegas I've been told is such a union town it's hard to find young, attractive female bartenders.  You mostly get 50-year-old crusty dudes who mostly do not appreciate the new craft cocktail trend.  And oh yeah, the cocktails at this bar are laughable.  You might as well add a Scoobie Snack and Slippery Nipple.  MGM, seriously, take a visit to Cosmo to get better cocktail ideas.
3	Nice place! Located in MGM, this is a nice place to grab a drink and lounge on a comfortable sofa. This is nice to relax from the craziness on the strip. There are a few table games inside this bar area that have table minimums of $200/hand. Did i mention the drinks selection is good!
4	Discovered Whiskey Down after some gambling on the floor, and went to have a drink with friends. It does look like a high roller gambling room, but open to anyone.  The first night we sat at a high table near the bar, the next couple of times we got seats in front to people watch (which provided great entertainment!!)Not cheap, but great service and fun.
4	This is a low key relaxing 24 hour whiskey bar right on the casino floor. They have their own selections of Four Roses, Woodford Reserve, and Jack Daniel's single barrel so they take their selections seriously. I tried one of their Woodford cocktails and had a seat on a very comfortable leather couch and relaxed. They have table games with crazy high minimums in here but I didn't see anyone playing them and one guy spent a few minutes awkwardly trying to flirt with the dealer. This place is a hidden gem in the MGM Grand.
3	An outpost of dark liquor in a sea of slot machines.Whiskey Down is a landmark in the maze of one arm bandits. They have a decent rum based punch and the service is pleasantly bubbly. The blackjack tables inside the bar are redundant, but if you don't want to walk more than six feet from the bar to lose all your money it's rather convenient.
1	Depending on what bartender you come across, it might not be a good place to go to. If I have time, I may launch an official complaint with MGM grand. They will probably say sorry, but what is the point of all these. It really is not that hard to put professional people in service. If they decide to run this sort of a business they should remember what kind of a business it is to begin with. It baffles me to see the service personnel's audacity to behave this way.
4	Whiskey in the JarMint-Infused Old Forester BourbonFresh Watermelon, Lime Juice, Ginger Beeruh, loving this MGM gem. fully stocked whiskey bar. it's not exactly hidden since it's located on the casino floor, so i was surprised that the bar wasn't packed with patrons, especially post superbowl. this is definitely a great predrink spot before heading into Hakkasan and paying ridiculous prices for mediocre well.
5	It's the only place I have been able to get Pappy Van Winkle 23yr.Nice atmosphere and relaxing.
5	This is a new venue with features many popular Whiskeys.  Great service!
3	$10 house cocktails - the good. $100 minimums on the blackjack tables here - the cray cray.Great spot to end a gambling night with a Bourbon. This bar is all about the whiskey and dark spirits as there is no beer here. Really good selection of whiskey. A list of cocktails to choose from that are reasonably priced. I'm a bourbon guy so "Whiskey In The Jar" and "One In The Chamber" were my drinks of choice here. Tasty and made right.It's a nice spot to wind down the evening right on the casino floor, but it's not a boisterous loud bar. It's more of a leather couch and quiet conversation place to kick back and relax with a well made bourbon drink. Dimly lit and low key. Sure, there are some tables inside here to play a few hands but with the high minimums I viewed only one brave soul throwing down the Benjamins. Not me! I'll head to the $10 blackjack table! With my bourbon cocktail of course.
4	Excellent whiskey selection, and affordable prices for the strip. The $10 cocktails you can't get any better then that on the strip. Great place to either wind down or to pre-game before you go out. Must try is the Whiskey in a Jar ....
4	Love a good bar in a good location in Vegas. We stayed at the MGM this past weekend, and found this little gem near the lobby on the casino floor. Regular alcoholic drinks (vodka sevens, gin and tonics) were only $10 (which in Vegas is a steal), and that makes me rather happy!!One note: I wasn't quite sure what was going on with the cocktail servers outfits. Most of them had weird padding sticking out of their bras, making it look a little off. Also, some of the bartenders weren't that friendly to people sitting around me.
5	Great place! Great service very nice environmentA bit pricey but great selection of whisky
5	This bar has a great whiskey selection. The bartenders seemed to know the history on each distillery. The drinks were strong and really tasty. Each bartender had their own take on the classics like the Manhattan. The pre-season football game was blacked out in the casino, but they had it on in the bar because they have Directv so that was an unexpected bonus. The only downside of this bar was that if you wanted to play video poker/drink free drinks there are only a few machines and most of the time they were just blocked by people sitting at the bar not playing. Overall best drink I've ever had in a casino.
3	Plopped down here to wait for an hour while the friends whom we were hosting for the week took in an early showing of Ka, because it looked like the quietest, coziest corner of the MGM we could find. (Sort of like finding the firmest jellyfish in the ocean, I know) We found ourselves two chairs in the corner, and I ordered the One in the Chamber followed by the Whiskey Punch. Both of my drinks were good for "casino lobby bars" but nothing utterly spectacular.My husband, who can be admittedly dim and stubborn, insisted on trying to order a Gin gibson. Which was stupid, and he admits this. They did not have cocktail olives, and had to go get one from another bar, and made the drink with vodka. So he was crabby. I told him he should have ordered whiskey, and he retorted that the waitress should have told him that, instead of just saying "sure, no problem." since it clearly was. I will give him that argument. Would probably come back here for a bourbon or whiskey when fatigued by the strip and stuck there in the future. Will remind husband to not order gin.
3	Located within the MGM Grand hotel-casino. This isn't a review of the booze, but of the overall ambience. Whiskey Down is a tiny bar with four blackjack tables. Each of the four gaming tables has a big screen TV mounted directly overhead: if you want to watch a ballgame while playing 21, this is an awesomely perfect environment, like none other in Las Vegas. But MGM has ruined a good thing with high table limits and other oddness. I sat down to play and watch a football game on Sunday at a table with a $25 minimum, the lowest offered at Whiskey Down. Almost immediately the table minimum was raised to $50 (but I was told I was "grandfathered in" at $25). All was well until, in the second quarter, somebody inexplicably decided to shut off the audio from the game and put on loud electronic dance music. I left immediately. The next day I returned hoping to watch Monday Night Football. But they had raised the betting minimums to $100. Even at $25 there were few players, and few bar patrons. This place could be jumping if MGM would only lower the minimum bets to sane levels. Instead of an empty bar with blackjack dealers waiting around for nonexistent $100 bettors they could lower it to maybe $15 and have a room full of raucous football fans. Although gamblers' drinks are complimentary, the atmosphere would draw others who would purchase liquor.To MGM's credit, the blackjack tables are S17 (the dealer must stand on soft 17) which is a more advantageous rule for gamblers than the usual hit-on-soft-17 table. I hate to say this, but the crowd they are looking to attract probably doesn't care about such things.
5	As a Hooters Casino regular, I am pretty much forced to walk through the MGM Grand, which I loathe with a passion (it's way too big, and most of the guests are even bigger).  However -- Whiskey Down is a true oasis in the middle of this desert of fat, stupid Amerikans.  If you're in luck, Matt will be behind the bar, crafting bourbon drinks so awesomely delicious that you'll cry with joy.  He is a true professional (he's been at MGM for 8 years), he's got a great sense of humor and he knows a thing or two about sports.  I totally recommend Matt and Whiskey Down!  And two words:  KENTUCKY MULE!!!!!!!!
5	Bartender Matt was on break on my most recent visit, but the crew behind the bar -- Dustin and Moises were equally excellent!  They're true professionals and deliver top-notch service (not to mention, delicious Kentucky Mules)!  Thanks, guys!
4	While it ought to have more of a selection of tasty brown booze given its name, what they do have it tasty and varied (including some great oddballs) and it's served by a knowledgeable staff. Made a few new whiskey discoveries here, which is always appreciated.
3	This is a good bar in a great location inside the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.  Service was excellent and the drinks just right.
1	Seems like they have a decent selection, but after sitting for 10 minutes with several open tables (it wasn't busy), we still hadn't been acknowledged and walked out. Maybe the scotch makes up for the bad service.
5	Matt, Dustin and Moises remain as an outstanding bartenders, but I wanted to add Steve to the list, too.  He's great! Kentucky Muuuuuuuuuuuuuule!
4	It's a bit quieter than the lobby bar, and that reason alone makes it a great place to meet up with friends before heading out, and also a great place to wind down the night with a nightcap. Friendly bartenders and comfortable seats. Great place to sit in the middle of things and watch, without being in the middle of things...
5	This place has some strong and powerful drinks and when you sit at a table its a two drink minimum per person, but after our first round and we paid, the waitress was nowhere to be found. I was fine with that because I did not want another drink.
3	This was one of our many stops at my sisters bachelorette weekend. This is a nice bar for you to have a strong drink and lounge with close friends and have good conversation.  The bartender was very helpful and even gave a small taste when my friend had inquires about what to order. However, we prefered some place a bit more lively so we only had one drink here.
4	Good service and good selection of whiskey.   They have very comfortable lounge chairs as well.  I would go back to this place.
5	This was, by far, one of theee nicest spots to hang out.  It's super clean with great staff, has a pool table, and there is plenty of seating at the bar & the nearby bar-height tables.  The best feature is the cushy leather seats surrounding the bar area.  Nice to sit awhile, dimmed lights with a candle on the coffee table, feeling all tucked away in those big cozy chairs with a sweet glass of whiskey!  Loved it. Another great asset is the hallway leading to the restrooms is literally directly behind the bar wall...  no traipsing all over the casino in search of a restroom!  Worst thing when you've been doing more drinking than eating.  Will def be back
