2	All it takes is bad attitude and the unwillingness to be flexible for your customers to turn a good experience into a bad one very, very quickly.  Unfortunately, this happened at 360 Physical Therapy, who I was ready to write a pretty stellar review for, based on PT service alone.  I liked my therapist on the whole, and I've felt like I was taken decent care of. However, the practice has a rather draconian appointment-cancellation fee. It doesn't seem to matter that I have paid them countless $35.00 co-pays (ludicrous and laughable, I know... but that's between me and my wicked insurance provider) and that I call them if I I'm so much as stuck at a traffic light and will be five minutes late... we are battling to the death over an alleged no-show appointment that I swear upwards and down I rescheduled prior to not attending.  The billing manager will not let it go, and insists that I must pay this fee, no matter how many conversations we have about it.The point here is, folks: isn't it worth it to keep your customers happy? I know I didn't miss this appointment... but even if I did, I had countless sessions at this facility. I was always on time, and I always paid at the time of service. I was a "Good Customer." And I would be going back, and recommending my friends, if it wasn't for the fact that they are unwilling to let something so small go.  Unfortunate, I think.
3	After months of debate with a gremlin from the billing department (which I have subsequently learned was an outsourced company located out of state), I have finally made my peace with 360 Physical Therapy.The ludicrous "cancellation fee" I was being charged with was not going anywhere, thanks to this unbending creature who refused to make any alterations to her stringent policy, despite my numerous protests and attempts to appeal to her sense of logic, compassion and human decency.I finally had the good sense to get in touch with the supervisor of customer relations, who is based in 360's main office.  She was flabbergasted at what had transpired, and immediately removed the superfluous charge from my account, and even sent me a small Starbucks gift card to apologize for the issue.  It was a small gesture that did help to alleviate my grievance with 360 Physcial Therapy.Hopefully they re-think who they assign to handle customer billing issues to avoid other situations like mine in the future.  I'm so happy that the customer relations manager made a real effort to turn my bad experience into a good one.  That really goes a long way.
5	My husband and I have used 360 Physical Therapy and found they have an extraordinary PT named Shauna with her doctorate. She was the therapist that evaluated my husband's torn thigh which collected blood inside the leg causing all kinds of problems for his entire leg. She was relentless in getting that blood out by massage, tens unit, exercises, etc. I contribute her great knowledge and ability to his return to work after a few weeks instead of a few months. I have autoimmune diseases including Lupus, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Fibromyalgia. She used some positions for exercise that took the pain of the sciatica from a solid constant 6-8 level pain to a 2-3 level in minutes. She is the first one to bring this level of relief for me. I worked in their tiny pool for added relief and she listened when I explained the first set of exercises caused added pain. When she made the adjustment, I did so well, I was able to return to my own aerobics class at another facility after a few months. She is very proactive in returning you to a level of pain tolerance and ability. I was pleased with all the therapists I saw working with people. Everyone was treated with respect and kindness. The pool is very small, controlled by therapists for heat (inconsistent) and not typical for a workout of any kind. It is for very simple water therapy with room for 2-3 people only. There is no way to swim in it or use it for upper body exercise unless you crouch down to get your shoulders in the water. Recently I believe this business has moved so before making an appointment be sure to check where they are located now.
