3	This place is literally FILLED with goodies.  The selection is awesome, with lots of quality vintage clothing and antiques.  However, nothing has a price on it and the store is way too over-stuffed which makes it very difficult to maneuver.  The owner is very friendly but perhaps a bit overly chatty.  The shopping experience is a bit annoying, but I would go back because the merchandise is so good.
4	Please note this store is NO LONGER at the Central Ave address.  It is now on the SE corner of 15th Ave and Thomas.  The owner Corinne is the sweetest lady in the world and she remembers how she obtained EVERY item in here store.  She now has prices on a majority of the clothing.  The new location is a bit smaller than the Central Ave location, but definately more organized and neater, and as Kimby S stated, her merchandise is SO good.  This place is worth the trip if you're into vintage clothing!
4	So in certain science fiction/fantasy novels, there's this shop that exists only some of the time, and it's packed with peculiar goodies, and it might be a gateway to another dimension?This is that shop. Note the name. That's your tip-off.If you carry a large purse or tote bag, lock it in your vehicle, as the aisles here are very, very narrow. The vintage clothing selection was huge and looked amazing, but I literally didn't dare turn to look at it for fear of sending a shelf of china flying. Clothing is something for next time.There is a LOT of glass and china for the space, and it's not the same five dish patterns that you'll find in every antique mall. If you're looking for something specific, I imagine that the best approach is to act as if you're in the sheep's knitting shop in Through the Looking Glass. Follow the shelves with your eyes slooooowwwwwly up to the ceiling, hoping that your item will not ascend hastily through the ceiling to escape you. If that fails, shut your eyes, think hard about what you want, then try again. There's a better than average chance that it will appear.There's also all sorts of jewelry and tiny bits of things. The delight of this shop is that it's not "curated" or "precious," but it somehow has a point of view, and the owner is truly the nicest person ever. This is a store for when you're in the mood to browse and chat and stumble over remarkable things -- not for when you're on the track of a list of home decor -- as it requires exploration and nothing is priced; and if you take the experience for what it is, it is literally a refreshing step back to a simpler time with better housewares, some of which you can buy and take home.It doesn't hurt that it's now part of the most adorable vintage strip mall in Phoenix, along with the Purple Lizard (your one-stop Instant Wise Southwestern Woman boutique), Southwest Gardener (all that glitters for your landscaping), and the Original Hamburger Works (what Fuddruckers aspired to be, with authenticity).On my visit, the back door gave only onto the mall's shared internal patio (a charming place for a winter lunch), but depending on your timing, your luck may be different.
4	I love this place!! I was hunting for a vintage hat for a Kentucky Derby party and called this store. The lady who answered was the owner and assured me that she could help. The store was packed with items from floor to ceiling but she knew where everything was. I brought the dress I planned to wear and she completed the outfit with a vintage pill box hat, matching gloves and the perfect earrings. If you need retro outfit advice, this gal can help!
