5	In the Lee's Discount Liquor Parking lot, a lone food truck sits. No, not Hanshiktaco, they've sadly  closed. Roamin' Dough is it's replacement. Roamin' Dough serves up pocket pies, fried dough pockets filled with yummy meats and cheeses, along with toasted ravioli, Parmesan fries, and other goodies. I tried the beef and cheddar pocket pie today. It was pretty simple, beef, cheddar, onions and red peppers, inside the pocket, but it was DAMN good. I'll be back for more, since it's near my house, and let you know what the other pockets are like when I try them.Update: Just had a chance to try out the panzarotti (pepperoni, cheese) and the bacon wrapped dates.. The panzarotti was oh so yummy. And the the bacon wrapped dates are like heaven.  Actually, they accidently overcooked my first order, so they gave me extra dates when they remade it. Happiness!
4	It's pretty rare that I rush home and type up a review  immediately after eating but I feel compelled to after eating at Roamin' Dough. Sadly Hanshiktaco is no more but luckily it was bought by some damn good(and friendly!) cooks.The idea of a "pocket pie" just sounded strange to me because I immediately though hot pocket(YUCK!). Roamin' Dough actually serves up what can be considered the sick, twisted love child of a calzone and a hot pocket. Warm, flaky crust packed to the edges with tasty meats and veggies. I had the southwestern pocket pie and it was really interesting. The Avocado cilantro dipping sauce was the real star of the whole meal and brought every flavor together perfectly.Dan R. wasn't kidding about those dates either. Holy crap it's like I went to Firefly heaven! I was reserving judgement because Firefly dates are my unhealthy obsession but this place hit the nail on the head. Not to mention there were around 10-12 dates in my container compared to the 4-5 you get at Firefly. Roamin' Dough truly has a good chance at becoming the next big thing in Food Trucks and I truly hope they take the ball and run with it. Can't wait to try another pie!
4	The red stationary truck in the Lee's parking lot has gotten a makeover, a new owner, and now serves delicious "trailer made pocket pies". I picked up a Panzarotti (pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato) and a Southwest (chipotle chicken, green chili, corn, black beans and cheese) and both were still piping hot when we got home.  It was a little greasy, but what do you expect from some fried dough goodness. The fillings were plenty and the dipping sauces were the perfect compliment.  I actually found myself saying "Mmmmmm" after my first bite. And the second.  And the third.  I also ordered the bacon wrapped dates and they were the perfect combo of sweet and salty.  The blue cheese crumbles also had me begging for more.  I'm so glad it is in my neighborhood because you can bet I will be back again to not only get my fix of bacon wrapped dates, but to try the other delicious dough creations. They are also wallet friendly- only $5 per pocket pie.
5	Just picked up the bacon wrapped dates and their last pulled pork pocket. One word "Delicious!". The dates are filled with a smoked almond which add a great flavor/texture. The pulled pork has a nice tang to it. Highly recommend trying this place!
5	Alright, I'm bumping this up to 5 stars after going back at least 3-4 times in the past few weeks and receiving nothing but the most amazing pocket pie concoctions and over the top customer service.I mentioned a twitter promotion they were offering and how I was upset I couldn't partake in it and the owner gave me the promotion no questions asked. I really wasn't expecting that and it is service like that that will have me coming back time after time. Throw in incredible daily specials and there is always something new to try which keeps the foodie in me happy. Keep up the amazing work!
4	Found this thru the yelp blast that went out today.  Read some reviews and headed over.  Delicious, the pastry was light enough to taste great, but firm enough to hold the meat.  I will be back, especially because they have a semi permanent spot. Don't forget the bacon and blue cheese dates - so good.
4	I was able to check out Roamin' Dough at Tommy Rocker's this past Saturday. There was a selection of food trucks to choose from, Roamin' Dough caught my eyes because they offered up bacon wrapped dates. My pal Jaime W. ordered the dates (and some fries but I didn't try those) and was willing to share with me, so I ordered  the Panzarotti, which is like a pepperoni hot pocket only WAY better. Neither order took very long and both the dates and the pocket came out super hot.The pocket was ok, it was jam packed with pepperoni and lots of yummy, melty mozzarella cheese. I waited a little too long to eat all of it and it ended up getting a bit soggy on the bottom.  The dates on the other hand were fantastic, anytime I see Roamin' Dough out and about I am going to get an order of them for sure.If you are a fan of the bacon wrapped dates at Firefly, you should check out Roamin' Dough, chances are you'll be a fan of their dates too!.
5	Holy crap this truck/trailer/potentially mobile food service entity is GOOD!  I tried the cordon bleu pocket and the bacon wrapped dates.  The bacon wrapped dates rival Firefly's . . . and from a truck!  But the pocket stole the show. Only $5, huge, and oh so tasty.  Creamy sauce with generous chunks of ham and pulled chicken.  I think the cordon bleu pocket is a special.  But if the other pockets are even close. . . holy crap.  I'll be here every chance I get.  The side of the trailer says they serve breakfast, too.  Score!
2	Not the kind of food I expect or want to eat out of a truck in a parking lot.  To me, trucks are about burgers and tacos.  Some of the best versions I've had have come from trucks.  What I don't want is a bacon-wrapped date, fries, and a chicken cordon bleu hot pocket.Hint to food trucks...  do one thing really well.  Don't be everything to everybody.  Do great hot dogs or burgers or doughnuts or ice cream or tacos, but not all of them.
5	I'm hooked, and thanks to Roamin' Dough, I will never look at a hotpocket or any pocket pie the same way again! If specialty filled dim sum buns are your thing, then I promise you my friend, that specialty pocket pies will ALSO be your thing. I ordered the Panzarotti, Trailer fries, St. Louis Toasted Ravioli, and the Bacon wrapped Dates. o0o...the dates! the dates! Those are my favorite. Although its not a pocket pie, I'd still have to say that their dates are my fave. It's a sweet taste thanks to the smoked almonds, and the blue cheese crumbles cancels out the sweet flavor so that its not too sweet. The nice bacon crunch also made it a good combination. I'll never have another stuffed date again unless it's with their sweet wine reduction, smoked almonds, blue cheese crumble, and wrapped in bacon.Panzarotti, its huge! it's very filling, and much like a pizza hotpocket just with that nice extra doughy crunch to it. If you're looking for a quick snack, this would be a good choice. It's like a mini calzone. They split it in half for you so you can go halvsies with a friend! Trailer fries are addicting! The herbs and Parmesan cheese make it go great with your Panzarotti. Thanks to the seasoning, the fries don't taste boring at all. St. Louis Toasted Ravioli is like the pizza pocket pie, but just a mini version. if you get the ravioli, I'd suggest ordering a pocket pie that doesn't consist of marinara or any similar tasting to pizza or ravioli to widen your variety and taste buds.Service was wonderful. They were so friendly and accomodating to my requests. I'll be back for more. Thanks Roamin' Dough!
5	LOVE Roamin' Dough!  Tried their vegan southwestern pocket served with chipotle sauce ~ to die for!  Hopefully they keep the vegan option but think they will since it's becoming requested for.  They are all over town.  Follow them on Facebook or Twitter!
4	Finally checked this place out, as it's only a couple blocks from work. As a fan of delicious flavor, I'm sorry I didn't try sooner.In a nutshell: Tasty, tasty hot pockets / empanadas.What I tried:1 turkey, bacon, cheese, and caramelized jalapeno pocket pie with a side of mango chutney; great flavor, very nice bit of heat from the jalapenos, and the chutney was a great flavor counterbalance.1 southwestern pocket pie: chipotle chicken with cheese, green chile, sweet corn, and black beans, with a side of cilantro avocado cream sauce; not spicy, but more flavorful than the turkey/bacon one. Very filling.1 side order of mexi-fries: fries with chili, lime, and parmesan flavor, covered in sweet corn relish; decent flavor, but a little too sweet/tart for my liking.The pastry pockets themselves were hot, crispy, flaky, and chewy. I ordered too much food, because I wanted to try a few different flavors, and each pocket is quite large - think a bit smaller than a large calzone. Luckily, I brought them back to work and was able to share with some coworkers.Bottom line: Great pastry, great fillings, great price (~$5 each). Will definitely come back, and definitely want to try their bacon-wrapped dates next time. Gave it 4/5 because I think I'd have to try other items on the menu to see how they compare, and because the mexi-fries were only average.
4	Roamin' Dough is normally located in the parking lot of the Lee's Liquor near our home. I have been wanting to try them for some time, but every time I think about checking it out they are closed. Even during what is supposed to be their normal hours.I finally had the chance to check them out at the food truck smackdown. They were serving bacon wrapped dates. I don't really like dates, but these were the real deal. A touch sweet for my tastes, but definitely way better than anything I expected off a food truck.I can't wait to try their other offerings. Just hope I catch them open some time.
4	Delish!A friend and I went to First Friday and ended up at Roamin' Dough for dinner. It was awesome! We had been looking for Haulin' Balls, but they weren't there, so of course we had to try the Meatball Sack (hehe, Beavis, she said ball sack.) That was one tasty ball! Ok, seriously, the meatball was really flavorful and wrapped in a yummy dough and came with marinara sauce on the side. The star dish had to be the fries, though! They were so good, fried perfectly, and covered in herbs and parmesan cheese. We also had the cilantro avocado dipping sauce for the fries...amazeballs! The price was also good...$10 for 2 people. Give them a try!
1	Here is the breakdown for Roamin's Dough when I had it a few days ago:FOOD:Panzarotti (Pepperoni with smoked mozzarella and Parmesan) - taste like a bland pizza stuffed in a flat piece of dough that was super greasy. Buffalo Chicken Pie (Spicy chicken, celery, green onion, and spicy buffalo sauce) - This was the better tasting item if I had to choose if you put a gun to my head.  Amazingly this pie was greasier then the Panzarotti and you can feel the oil coating your mouth.  The taste of the chicken was a lot better then the pepperoni but if you were to look at the exterior (without cutting the pie open) they look exactly the same - flat, greased up, limp, and definitely nothing like the photos on their website lolSERVICE:Thankfully I didnt ordered from them directly since if their service was as good as the food I would probably put negative 1 star.
