4	Cheap, greasy, but delicious Chinese food.Best dish: salt and pepper sea food. It's amazing.
4	Commonly known as the best Pekin duck in mtl (according to my chinese friends)This restaurant used to be on Clark second floor, across from maison VIP, but now it's moved to la gauchetiere and st-dominique, first floor.If you come here you have to get the Pekin duck, it's their best dish bar none. My only complaint is you never seem to get enough pancakes, and when you order more it takes a long time to come... Pekin duck is a 3 dish affair, they use the whole duck. Comes with soup first from the bones, then it's the Pekin duck with pancakes sauce and pickled carrots and dicon radish. Lastly chop suey with duck meat, you can ask them to turn this dish into a noodle dish for an extra charge.The salt baked squid is quite good, good saltiness and mildly crispy and soft inside. The mongolian beef here is decent except it's just too sweet...sweet and sour pork here is just average, nothing to crow about. It's one of my favorite dishes eventhough according to my chinese friends it's not authentic chinese but more north american chinese...Whatever one of them told me general tao's was not a real sichuan dish... low and behold i went to China no less and found it on their menu... turns out it's a real sichuan dish except they use sichuan peppercorn in china but not here, something to do with customs and peppercorn pest infestation... so there's variations in north american and chinese versions of dishes...All in all, it's just like all the chinese restaurants in chinatown MTL, they're all about same same, except they make one dish better that anyone else, and this one has the best Pekin duck.
4	This place is great.  Pekin Duck is excellent.
3	Went there for Peking Duck for Thanksgiving dinner for 6.  The duck was just leftover sliced roast duck but the other food we ordered was good. However, the service was inattentive and terrible.  Very rushed. Just came out and threw food on the table with nothing timed well. seems like a good place to come with friends after a night drinking rather than with friends and family looking for a nice dinner experience.
5	by far consistently the best Chinese food . mostly Asian clientel. decent prices and great service
2	Well there's $40 that I'll never get back. On the plus side, I'm stuffed to the gills. On the negative, there are so many varieties of bland meat in me right now that I'm not sure what to do. If you're going to get food here, maybe just don't.
