4	A cute & comfie little happy hour & gay lounge/ bar on Rue Amherst. It was cute and fun and had a piano and fireplace. I can not wait to come back in the winter to enjoy that. They have tables out on the street and the big doors open to give it an outdoor feel. Great Mon-Sat 5:00-9:00.
4	A cosy and friendly neighborhood bar with reasonably priced drinks and a good selection of cocktails.  Oh, unlike the other review, I wouldn't call it a "gay bar" unless you define the place by the neighborhood it's in (I go quite frequently with my wife). The clientele is pretty mixed and not just gay/straight but old/young and anglo/franco. I like that about the place. It's nice and welcoming without any attitude. Now that they have a street terrace in the summer it's even better and it's a good spot to enjoy a pitcher of sangria at night. They also have music occasionally and the fireplace is really nice in the winter.
3	This was right next door to our B&B.  Until yesterday there was a wooden terrasse outside w/ tables and a wooden sidewalk extending into the street.  Yesterday it was dismantled for the season, but until yesterday it was a busy social scene.  We sat outside a couple of days ago and I had a glass of Shiraz while Alan had a beer.  The waiter was friendly and good humored.  Alan's beer was too bitter for him.  My wine was fine.  It was a nice place to hang out for a while.
3	It was cozy and warm and reasonably classy for the village... in fact, both drinks were tasty as well.  The bartender seemed kind enough.  But from what I saw and smelled... don't get food there.  The preparation looked akin to what you might find on an airplane.   This is a great, chill place to meet friends after work or before a night out (or both).  The clientele might be typically mixed ( who knows- I only went the one time)... but when we were there, Friday night at 9pm-  I counted 22 people.  All were gay.  Yay.
4	Fantastic meet'n greet or cocktail stop in the gay village. Very cozy, has a welcoming fireplace and zero attitude. We came here for drinks a few weeks ago after dinner, a place to just chill out, before heading to the clubs for serious dancing. Bartender was  friendly, you'll see gay/straight/bi here but no one cares, like I said no attitude. I can totally see myself meeting friends here after work especially in the wintertime. The retro-inspired decor and furniture just all helps to make the place work even more, especially that fireplace which looks like it just came out of some Austin Powers-inspired movie.
4	I'm a fan of Gotha for the sweet size of this low key lunge, and the overall vibe of the space, and the art (yay for not-bad-bar-art!!!) and the real wood fireplace for sure.  Last night the service was friendly and easy going, and comfortably franglais. Despite the tasty sounding snacks listed on the chalkboard, I was hungrybummed to discover that most bites were unavailable on weekdays. The olives were good though, and the beer was better, and the smiles were bestest.
