4	Thanks Microtel for saving us from a hotel disaster that we checked out of at around 1am. The front desk was super friendly and understanding and made us feel truly welcome here. The continental breakfast was luxurious, with hot waffles, hard boiled eggs, toast, dough nuts, coffee, juice and fresh fruits. The room was clean, and unique. There were 2 double beds and a window seat that turned into an extra bed for guests. There was a microwave and fridge, and closet with doors, and a really nice bathroom with clean linens, soaps, and a coffee maker. This isn't the first time I've stayed at a Microtel and certainly wont be the last. Truly outstanding!(PS: I'm only taking away one star because the hotel is incredibly hard to find at night time. It is hidden behind other businesses, but really is a nice property once you find it)
1	Rooms were small, but clean, which is the main thing I'm looking for when staying at a hotel in this price point. The neighboring gas station had bars over its windows, which made me question the safety of the neighborhood; but my car was unharmed overnight. Free Wi-Fi. Complimentary breakfast was your typical hotel selection of cereal, donuts, toast/bagels, apples, bananas, and waffles. Coffee was not good though. When I drafted this review on my phone during breakfast here, I initially was going to rate it 4 stars. We requested late check out, and the latest they were able to accommodate was noon. Alright, this isn't a fancy hotel, I'll accept that (even though I had asked for 1PM, which I didn't think was unreasonable). However, when we returned to our room at 11:45, the bed had been stripped. There weren't any housekeepers in the room, but the plastic clip on my toothpaste was missing from the tube I'd left in the bathroom. On principle, I asked the front desk attendant if anyone had happened to "find" it. Housekeeping told him they hadn't seen it, and that was all the consolation he offered me. I'm not worried so much about the 99cent gizmo, as I am about the integrity of the workers at this hotel. Had I left anything else behind, who knows what else may have been taken?? The management's overall apathy sealed the deal for me--I will not be returning under any circumstances.
1	In the time I've been living on the road I have never had a worse experience.  Bad service, rude desk clerks, terrible management!  Waiting outside our doors at 9 am to get out when checkout is 11.  I would not suggest this hotel to anyone staying in the Charlotte area!
