4	I have searched and searched for a dentist in the North Valley...and I was happy to find these guys a few years ago. They are very thorough, and they don't try to sell you things you don't need. I had a great dentist in Chandler, but after moving up to North Phoenix, it seemed that every dentist I went to want to do extra work and some didn't even want to clean my teeth. I am a 'teeth person' and take my dental work seriously. I wasn't thrilled when they told me I had a cavity last week, but then again they had been 'watching' these teeth for over year, so I know when he said I needed to get it filled, I really do need a filling. While cavities and fillings aren't my idea of a 'great way to start your day;' I don't mind it with these guys.
5	My family has been using this dental office for over 10 years now!  The staff really cares about their patients. I love this place. Not a fan of getting dental work done but I surely wouldn't do it anywhere else
5	The only way to say it hes the best dentist in Az.  and, Its always nice that dental specialists mention his name very reverentially and respectfully.  the man is a giant in dentistry.
5	Great dentist office! They are very welcoming and make you feel comfortable. It's worth going to if you live in the area.
4	I enjoy going to Tatum Dental Care. At least as much as one can enjoy going to a dentist.  It's a nice little office with a great staff. I think I've been seen by every hygienist in the practice and each of them does a great job. My teeth and gums always feel great after a cleaning. No pain. I also love that they have a monitor with DirecTV that hangs over the chairs. Watching SportsCenter really does take away some of the awkwardness of having someone poke and prod in your mouth.There are only two things that bug me about the office.1. The rooms aren't completely private. There's a small wall but no doors separating each room. It's not bad, but you can really hear when someone is getting work done. That drilling sound is just never pleasant.2. The little fountain in the waiting room. I'm sure a lot of people find the decoration soothing. I personally think it's kind of annoying.Two small gripes aside; this is definitely a dentist worth seeing if you happening to live in this part of town.
