2	I don't know if I'm just being pretentious but why do we expect so little from fast food restaurants, anymore I can't feed myself in a drive thru for less than $7-8 which would buy me a much more appetizing lunch at some other restaurants I find that no matter what this location always misses something on my order, If I'm lucky they just short me the condiments that they asked me if I wanted over the speaker, otherwise they will just give me the wrong order or neglect to put sandwiches in the bags, usually our exchanges are silent, because have a nice day or thank you would be borderline on some form of customer service. it just worries me that if this is this nations next great generation that will be entering the workplace in a few years that can't even say thank you or have a nice day when they thrust an overpriced quarter pounder and fries through the window what do my fellow generation Y,X er's have to look forward to in the coming years.I guess my biggest point of conflict is the use of the "Double Checked for Accuracy" stickers that McDonald's started using to seal the bags, which apparently someone at corporate thought paradoxical stickers that create the illusion of quality is better than actually fulfilling the prophecy, personally I would feel better if they said " Half-Assed and Over Priced" preferably with smiley face too.
1	The prices are going up and quality is sliding. I thought McCafe would help bring competitive prices to the industry but unfortunately are on par with Starbucks.
1	One its a McDonalds and two  its a McDonalds.  There is two places to order in the drive thru but for some reason the drive through allays has a huge wait.
2	The food is exactly the same as any other McD's, so what I'm rating is the service. It's not great! My number 1 pet peeve at a drive through is when you pull up & sit there without being acknowledged for what seems like an ETERNITY. Is it really that hard to say, "I'll be with you in a moment"? Apparently at this establishment it is.The other thing this particular restaurant has done quite often is get some part of my order wrong. I ask for Dr. Pepper, I get Coke. It's little stuff, but still not what I asked & paid for.
2	This is the closest McDonalds by my house so out of convenience we go here most of the time.  It always feels like the fries are old.  And McDonalds fries are my favorite, so it kills me that the ones at the McDonalds are so bad.  I hope they improve, but if they did then I would just be compelled to eat there more often.  Maybe they are actually doing me a favor by not making their fries too delicious?
1	I eat at McDonalds....I grew up on happy meals :)  Every so often I feel like having the Mcdonald fries(when I am having my cheat meal).In review of this Mcdonalds I sometimes avoid this one and go to another so I can enjoy my fries and food!  This is the closest one to my house, but when I have a McDonalds craving I would like to have "good" McDonalds.  I want salty, lightly greased fries, this McDonalds always lacks salt, dry fries, and most of the time they are give me luke warm fries.  By the time I get home, the fries are cold?  I live within a mile of this one!  If you are looking to enjoy some McDonalds fries this McDonalds never seems to get the taste right and I avoid it when I get that craving..... If you want salt less fries, cold buns on your burger visit this McDonalds.
4	It's Mc Donalds!! I can lay in bed, check in and write a review. Literally, it is that close!! Ha Ha! Much like the reviews people leave for Denny's and other lower end eating facilities that make them sound like they are supposed to be 4 star, this isnt going to happen with me. Its fries, shakes and imitation burgers - I lived in Napa, I know the difference now! So yes, its newer. Its almost always busy, the next closest drive thru Mc Donalds is up the road - oh, and they are building a new one at Reems and Greenway.
1	I made this account just so I could do a review on this place.Ok giving this Mcdonalds 1 star as I will not be going there anymore.I just moved to Surprise in Oct. 2012 and so far been to this Mcdonalds 6 times. Out of the 6 times 4 of the orders were wrong. I'm reading other reviews and this stuff has been happening since 2009???? Really? I would think they would get things right.So on one of my orders, I order a chicken CBO burger, I get meat. Than on another order I ask for crispy chicken, I get grilled. The 3rd mess up I asked for a Fish sandwich. Let me say this again A FISH SANDWICH, and they give me a meat one again.  Finally today I ask for large fries and drink, they ring me up for large fries but give me medium drink. But not only that, when I first got the drink it wasn't even my drink! They were handing me food from the person behind me. They didn't even ask if this is what I order. Never have I been to a fast food place that messes up orders this much. It's a joke of a place. They can't say "well other fast food places do this". No they don't! Not even other McDonalds do this! Maybe it's someone telling me to stop eating fast food when I'm too lazy to cook hahaha. But in any case I'm done going to this one.Edit: Oh and like someone else said, their fries have been super bad all 6 times I have gone there. They are never hot, only slightly warm and no salt at all on them.
2	Not a fan of this store.
1	You know that gross taste way too old iced tea has ??? Well that is what i got from here. I know if that happens they aren't fallowing their labeling and dumping the old stuff rules. Most McDonald's don't have that problem. Also the hubby ordered an iced coffee and it had like 5 ice cubes, warm iced coffee yuck !!
1	DO NOT DRIVE AWAY WITHOUT CHECKING YOUR ORDER!!  And the reason  why I'm yelling is so you don't miss this lol. This place is terrible. Horrible management; staff is very inexperienced; food is 3 out of 10; "pull up and we will bring you the food" 20 minutes later.  Get the drift ?!?This place is no good.
1	Not a great experience.... lobby area was not filled. Had to wait for lids. Food was below par. People were streaming in from drive thru to correct orders of missing and wrong food. Inappropriate language from counter workers during a slow period. Manager was standing right there next to them and seemed to have no problems with their behavior.
1	Wish I could give this place NO STARS! They continue to drop the ball on customer service and food quality. I mean you can't expect much from McDonald's period these days but GEEZE! This place is a joke! They manage to mess up the simplest orders and then proceed to give as much attitude as possible when correcting any issue. This location needs to go back to the drawing board! Send the whole staff back to McDonald's university so they can be retrained on EVERYTHING!!! If you are tempted to stop here think twice and if it's not too far go to the McDonalds inside of Walmart at El Mirage and Thunderbird it's much better.
