3	Enjoyed a quick respite and cold, champagne cocktail at this place in the Palazzo. While I expected a more extensive selection of champage options, I enjoyed my cocktail and the accompanying olives and wasabi peanuts. Bland and barren decor in a very non-Vegasy way Comfy and supportive seatingWould return if close to the location
3	For some reason, I'm always drawn to come by to Laguna Champagne Bar and have some of their Champagne Cocktails which usually cost around $13-15 a pop.  Pricey I agree, hey this is Vegas and right smack in the middle of the Palazzo casino.  I'm pretty sure there are other places around the Strip where I can find some decent Champagne for cheaper, but Laguna is located on the part of the Strip that I frequent most often and I love coming by just to sit down take a break from the hustle and bustle while sipping on some bubbly.
4	I had a great time here!  But, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  If you want a place to talk to the people you met at the club, this is the place to go.
4	A sexy little bar that's perfect for snuggling and getting cozy! Since it is situated right in the middle of the casino, you get a pretty good view of everyone gambling and misbehaving. Service is excellent, prices are high (big surprise!), and the chairs are so comfy.
3	Lovely bar inside the casino at the Palazzo hotel. We were there a couple of times, not really by choice, i work for a cigar company and during this year's cigar trade show which was held at the Venetian Hotel. This was the meeting place for all the cigar smokers. It is quite small, nothing really that special, except the fact that they serve champagne by the glass. My drink of choice is the Dirty martini but they one i got here wasn't any good. The cocktails are pricey, nice crowd.
4	Great place to sip on a champagne cocktail in the Palazzo casino.  Check in on Foursquare your first time and you'll receive buy one get one free champagne cocktails - my kind of deal!
3	totally expensive and not exactly what i expected.  When you say champange bar, i think of chandeliers, glitz, pretty... etc.  It's really just a basic bar in the middle of the casino where their highlighted beverage is an array of champange.  it was okay.
2	On a recent trip to Vegas I was roped into a "bar crawl" that kicked off at the Laguna Champagne Bar. It was almost impossible to find because it's in the middle of the casino. Yes- it's one of THOSE bars, not the kind of bar that you imagine when you hear the words "Champagne Bar." Now, everything in Vegas is expensive so I wasn't shocked to see the menu boasting a $500 (or something equally ridiculous) shot of whiskey. The majority of the "reasonably" priced items were over $12. This surprised me considering the location of this "Champagne Bar." Moving on- the bar tour that I was on included a free glass of champagne. I was excited having seen the menu and the INSANE prices, and yet the free glass I had was pretty nasty, and I love champagne- all kinds, but this was gross. I'm assuming the reason it was free was because they couldn't possibly sell it to anyone tasting like that! On the upside- due to its location it is quite good for people watching. I think I saw 45 "ladies of the night"  walk by in the 10 minutes I was there- which was actually quite entertaining.
4	Nice oasis in the middle of the Palazzo gaming floor. Drinks were not that superior and the service was just A-OK but the lady DJ definitely  knew what she was doing and played a great mix of music including Jazz, Latin, Rock, etc mixing it very nicely which provided for a great atmosphere of relaxation, smoking a long cigar,chatting with my friends and watching various characters come and go. That's entertainment!
3	Obviously this is a "casino bar" and in no way a hotspot in any sense of the word. But if you compare it to other bars in its category, it's superior to just about any offering (Except for and Vesper at the Cosmopolitan and Parasol Up at the Wynn). The bar is oriented around champagne and champagne cocktails so I wouldn't recommend ordering anything else. They are $14 each; after spending too much time and money gambling in the Pilazzo I found the Flower Eclipse (with St. Germain and Moet) and the French 75 a great and tasty respite. If you see the Phantom at the Venetian you get a 2 for 1 ticket for the champagne cocktails which I unfortunately did not realize until leaving. You can actually make a profit drinking here: put a $20 in the video poker/blackjack machine at the bar and they will comp your $14 drink. Make a few bucks at poker and you'll come out well ahead. A sweet deal in my opinion.Disclaimer: I've been here three times but the last time I was there I tried to charge mine and my friend's drinks to our room at the Venetian and the waitress said that there was something the matter with our card. However we had no trouble charging food to our room at Bouchon so I'm afraid that the waitress was just worried that she would miss out on a tip if we didn't pay right away. Service was still good but that did notably detract from my final score.
4	This bar is very nice and I love the decor.  The cocktail server was really nice and had some great recommendations for wine.  We are not champagne fans so I can't comment on those.  The prices are sky high but that is typical of The Palazzo/Venetian hotels.  The seating was comfortable and there was plenty of it on a Saturday afternoon.  Love that they play 80's music in the background.
1	$14.75 for one well rum & coke not including tip...I don't freaking think so ever again.. plus, I had to send my boyfriend to get me my drink since NO ONE ever came to our table ever. Oh wait I take that back, the cocktail server did stop by to say where closing now.
1	I was not happy one bit here.  Earlier that night my girlfriend and I were waiting to meet up with a mutual friend at the Palazzo.  We first went to the Zebra lounge for a while to wait but the lounge was closing and one the hosts said that since they were closing they recommended the Laguna.  We went and only found one table open which that empty glasses from who ever was sitting there before.  We sat down, and stayed there until sometime past 2am (when the lights went on and the music stopped) and still those glasses were still there.  I think were were here for at least a good hour and none of the waitress ever stopped by to ask for a drink.  I went to the Bar as there were 3 bartenders one was serving drinks, the other cleaning some glasses and the last one I have no idea what was doing.I walked to the first guy, and as soon as I approached the bar, he walked to the other side and I just there for a few minutes looking like an idiot.  I then walked to the other end, and he walked back...no I looked like a bigger idiot as he was just cleaning glasses.  The lady in the back walked away so there were only 2 of them now.  As I walked to the other Bartender there, he was serving about 10 drinks for a group of ladies that were there, and then a gentleman who was ordering a drink for him self and a buddy of his.  10 minutes later I finally order one drink (Rum & Coke) and the damage was $15 which anywhere else in Vagas would be about $5 (and if that was not bad enough...I still left a tip).  I finally came back to our table and those glasses from the previous customers were still there.  My girlfriend asked "what took so long?" as she though I just left her there.I don't see myself going back here again.
2	You only go here if you want a more private area for drinks in the casino at The Palazzo.  Nothing special here at all.
4	I can't say that the service is great, or the prices are good, but hot damn! When I want a nice champagne by the glass, this is the place I think of! Yes, I did just say "hot damn" and "nice champagne". Don't discredit me.It's a champagne bar on the casino floor in the Palazzo. I don't know who expects good prices here, but I certainly knew what I was getting myself into. $27 a glass? I think of it as a great way to taste before committing to a bottle. And I also make poor decisions when I've already had a few.The decor leaves much to be desired with a giant glass bubble decor center-piece in the middle of the bar. It's your typical video poker screen bar, small and circular.The Gosset Champagne Grand Rose Brut was everything I thought it would be. It was so dry it made my mouth pucker with fine bubbles that did not overwhelm when sipped. It was maybe a little too dry for me, but overall, an enjoyable glass. Or was it because I had already been drinking?Who can say for sure. If you want a nice variety of bubbly by the glass, this is your place. Hideous center-piece and all.
5	This bar is a life saver after all day of walking at the Sands convention center. This is a nice place to sit and enjoy a cigar, have few drinks. Drinks are moderately priced, service is excellent if any downside I can think of that will be to find a seat right after the closing of a convention when you can get run over by stampede of tired and thirty convention attendees. I love this bar and of course will visit again.
3	I have been here a couple times, I would have enjoyed my visit to the champagne bar much more if it was more secluded. I think the cocktails are really good, particularly the house creations. But I would think for a bar that is going for a more exclusive air and charges those prices, they would have chosen a place that gave patrons more privacy. Plus since it's on the casino floor it smells to cigars and smoke. Yucky. The service leaves much to be desired too. It is very slow.I tried replicating some of the cocktails at home, like the Flower Eclipse, but it really does need that particular champagne. All in all, if you are in the Palazzo and have 30 minutes to kill and want a champagne coktail, come here. But don't expect great ambiance or service. You are here for the drink only.
3	I came here a couple of times already for a couple of reasons. One...is that they offered me some 2 for 1 drinks here. And two...it forces me to take a break from gambling away all my savings.It's a pretty nice but small lounge. The chairs are very comfy and that you can pretty much fall asleep on them. The drinks are slightly more expensive, but they do comp the domestic beers or regular mix drinks if you gamble at least $20 right at the bar.If you're not really into second hand smoke, this area may not be the best place to hang out in.But I can stay here and relax for a bit and not be compelled to hit the tables or the machines. I might though after drinking for awhile.Charge your drinks to your room so you can get award points for the Grazie program.
2	It's what you would expect for a casino bar. Crowded, overpriced and slow service. I'm glad to see Vegas showing consistency somewhere.The bar has the annoying games in your face at every seat. There is a seating area, but if you're alone and the bar area is where you want to chill be prepared to have your elbow room taken up by those annoying things. I dislike them very, very much. The seating area is huge, there is a lot of space, but it's where everyone in the hotel tends to hang out rather than finding a cool bar steps from their faces. Oh well. I was just there to meet friends before going out for dinner and I won't really ever go back to this bar again so no harm no foul. The other thing about this bar, and every other bar in Vegas apparently, is that the cigar smoke is horrendous. There is a cigar kiosk right behind this bar so they're at the ready. This means prepare for people you don't know to blow smoke that makes you choke into your face with little regard for people who don't care much for smoke, It's probably one of the worst things about casinos; the inability of people who visit to see their behaviors might affect other people.Anyway, this bar is pretty cookie cutter. Nothing sets it apart at all from any other casino bar in a hotel. If you want something fun, lively and interesting, step outside the casino for that.
2	My sister and I decided to stop in for a drink as we waited for our dinner reservations at LAVO. I never been here before I had only heard of it and figured we could go cause it sounded like a place my sister would like. We had a difficult time finding this place, we originally walked right past it without knowing it. Its simply a casino bar but if you are going to have a fancy name I think you should atleast have a nice big sign or something so people can find it easy. We both sat down and each tossed a $20 into the video poker machine as we looked through the drink menu. She ordered a flower eclipse and I ordered some kind of strawberry martini drink. We both noticed those were $18 drinks which is very pricey but since we were played video poker they were comped which was pretty cool. The drinks were actually pretty tasty as well.  The bartender was friendly and cracking jokes and having a good time with us. As my sister and I were just sitting around waiting for the time to go by so we could go to dinner the bartender comes up to us and says "shot time" and puts two green colored shots in front of us (it was st pattys day) gave a couple next to us two shots too and he took a shot as well. We never ordered anything and everyone was waiting for me and my sister to cheers them. Ok thanks, then the bartender brings us a bill for $20 ($10 each shot) Are you kidding me? we never ordered any shots, the bartender puts the shots in front of us and says happy st pattys day cheers and then gives us a bill for them. We were so annoyed with that that we just got up and left without paying obviously. If the bartender wanted he could have paid for those shots out of our tip (we tipped $5 per drink and had 4) I would most likely not come here again.
1	Beware of bars charging more than the bill!This is the 2nd time this has happened in this property. I know its the strip and am willing to pay extra for drinks so when I ordered 4 Jameson gingers and it came out to 60 bucks I had no issues. However, sorry im standing at a bar and it took you 30 seconds to pour the 4 drinks, im not going to tip 20%. I signed the check and left a 5 dollar tip (I usually tip a dollar per drink at a bar) and today I see a charge on my debit card for 72 dollars....... First time this happened was at a bar by the pool a few months ago. take pictures of the check you signed people because they are dishonest at the palazzo
2	This is a small bar in the middle of the casino. The drinks are really pricy and you reek of smoke when you leave.
3	I still enjoy coming to Laguna Champagne Bar just to unwind and have some Champagne Cocktails.  Now to make this even better, they have a food menu with appetizers from Zine.  http://bit.ly/11IZDxY  The appetizers are moderately priced.  I went ahead and ordered their Pepper Crusted Tenderloin Skewers -- http://bit.ly/18OZadYThey were pretty good!  Pricey at $15, but the were pretty flavorful and nicely cooked. And portion wise, after finishing my last skewer it felt like I ate a whole steak!I so glad they have a food menu now to go along with their Champagne.  It makes for a great spot for small bite before or after going out for dinner.
3	One of those bars in the middle of the casino, but they specialize in champagnes and lots of it.  It's located at the Palazzo near their pop-up sportsbook area.  Or that's what it seemed like.Different specialty champagne drinks to chose from.  About $14-15 a glass.  If you think about it, you're getting straight up alcohol without the extra ice that you would get at a bar or a club in Vegas that you're paying the same amount for.They have a DJ playing some music as well.  Nice place to just lounge and kick it with some friends.
3	Decent vibe, but they really should have more Champagne by the glass.
3	Let's not get carried away here - a decent bar, in the middle of the casino, with good service, Fat Tire beer and....YOU CAN SMOKE CIGARS HERE ! INDOORS ! In a bar, with people around you, even little children.I loved it for that fact alone. I am deducting two stars because their house rye is Crown Royal.
1	Truly the worst bar in Las Vegas. I'm a regular guest at the hotel and have never experienced such rude service. Carrsten is not only incredibly arrogant, but also implied that I looked like a hooker because I was alone. Please understand that I was in a knee length black dress without cleavage or skin tight material. I only tried to make polite conversation because I'd met so many great people on this trip. I never knew being a single successful woman who can pay for things herself was so offensive. None of the staff are friendly so I guess he fits right in.
