3	If you don't know how to make it, don't put it on your menu, don't accept the order, don't have a button for it on your computer and don't try to hand off your creation to the person in the drive through who will be pulling away before they notice.  I'm not asking for much.  They screwed up a mud pie blizzard.  I love mud pie blizzards and could have most likely given them most of the things you add to create it.  Instead I got an Oreo blizzard with what tasted like maybe a half a shot of coffee - but not much at all because it was still just as white as a regular Oreo blizzard.  Sigh... so sad.  I finally treat myself and they screw it up.  We also ordered a large dipped cone that came out looking like a kids sized/small.  We actually sent it back for them to re-make.  Sent back ice cream. You know it went uneaten. So sad.  But - they have an amazing menu of food.  More food than I feel like I see at other locations.  But of course we were here for ice cream - not food.  And if memory serves from when I worked in the area, they do a decent job with that - though nothing that makes you want to go running back. It's convenient.  And with Carvel closed down in the area, it might be getting a little more action.
2	$3.79 for the small blizzard. Really??! I laughed when I saw the size as I picked it up through the drive-thru. I guess it's just been a long time since I've had a blizzard. Dang! Guess I won't be getting one of those again for a while. (Which is probably a good thing.)
5	I LOVE DAIRY QUEEN!Well, mostly their blizzards! I went and was very surprised that you buy one get a blizzard free of the same size or smaller. This definitely made me happy :DMy favorite is their oreo blizzards! That's what I usually get although their strawberry cheesequake blizzard and hawaiian blizzard is also yummy!
4	This Dairy Queen would have five stars if it was located closer to home. The cookie dough blizzard will always be a favorite!
5	Came up here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  This was my first visit ever to a Dairy Queen & I went with a 1/2 Lb. FlameThrower GrillBurger.The good news:OMG,  I think this was the best big hamburger I have ever eaten!!  For me, it beat Smashburger, Five Guys, Culver's, Joe's Farm Grill, Bobby Q, Cracker Barrel & all the rest of them!!     :-))The bad news:Burger:                           1010 Cal.Fries:                               260 Cal.Small Chocolate Malt:  590 Cal.-------------------------------------------Total Cal:                        1860!!     :-OBurger, Fries, Malt Combo price:  A LOW $7.49 for everythingI  Nice dining room & excellent service, too.DQ TOTALLY RULES!!     :-))
4	Not in the best shape compared to the Dunkin Donuts next door. The blizzards are superb as always. They have never been out of cookie dough. That bodes well for them in my book.
3	Hit the drive thru around 8th on a Monday,  it was packed inside! Got a club type grilled sandwich. My bacon was spicy. ....which was odd. Their French fries aren't my favorite style. Overall for fast food, I was ok. Got a traditional banana split, that was rather skimpy on the toppings. Not many DQs around the valley, so it was a nice treat while staying in a hotel in the vicinity.
1	Worst service! Ordered a hot fudge banana shake and instead got a Sunday. Instead of being nice about it the girl told me I ordered it wrong but she would remake it for me.
2	I'm sure you have heard those stories from your parents or grandparents of how back in the old days they walked to school five miles in a raging snowstorm. Well I seem to remember back in the old days when I was a kid when Dairy Queen was a treat and the ice cream was so good. Way better than that stuff you get at the grocery store. Sometimes we would buy the quarts of ice cream to bring home.So I snuck out of the office about 3pm and drove above 5 miles to the Drive Thru. This car in front of me must have ordered about a week's worth of burgers, because based on Rand's review these are the best burgers ever. It probably took about ten minutes of waiting at the Drive Thru and all I wanted was a large vanilla ice cream cone. I should have gone inside. Who would have thought the people in front of me ordered about $100 dollars worth of food.When I finally got to taste the ice cream cone I thought to myself, what a let down. It was not any better than a Mickey Dee cone. It certainly didn't taste like it was a premium type ice cream like in the good old days. Next time I'll just get a burger.
3	The staff was nice, the blizzards bring back memories, but the place was sticky (tables, and chairs).  Ek.
1	This location is convenient and that is why I gave it 1 star. Honestly every time I go here my order is wrong. I have come to the point where I make them repeat it back to me and they still mess the order up. I've even Gone to the point at the window to ask them if my order is correct they say "yes of course" I will get it and check it and it's wrong. I understand it gets busy but that doesn't mean serve your customer whatever the hell you want. I have allergies to foods and if it wasn't for me checking everything I eat DQ may have landed me in the ER more then once.
4	If you are having a bad day.. get a blizzard.It is great.. nothing else makes me as happy as this.
