4	I was recommended to go to Max Muscle from my awesome trainer (yes the one I talk so much about).  He knew that I wasn't getting enough protein in my diet, so he said, "Go to Max Muscle".  So I did.This location, I was impressed with the knowledge of the manager that was working there that day.  He was in great shape (for a body builder...gross) and even let me test drink different protein shakes.  We chose the brand and flavor...and guess what?  They were out of stock until Monday.  Go figure....This location is much better than the other location...which I will be review next.
5	I've been going to different Max Muscles for years and like all of them. They give me their honest reviews of products and look for me to be a return client rather than just an immediate sale. So many supplement stores try to sell you a false bill of goods and I've never felt that way at Max Muscle. Their employees know what they are talking about and all look as if they actually work out and use the products. In a world with little to no regulations it's easy to sell people miracle products that make false promises and can actually do more harm than good, when it comes to Max Muscle they firmly believe in the products they are selling and want to help you reach your fitness goals. In regards to this specific Max Muscle the guys that work here are great. Locally owned by a very sweet and generous couple. They are always working behind the counter, offering free advice, as well as free samples. I definitely travel out of my way to come to this location based on their specific expertise, generosity, and commitment to health and wellness.
5	Katie Pena is a certified nutritionist and the owner of Max Muscle Tempe. I was lucky enough to meet Katie through one of many nutrition seminars she hosts at local fitness centers/gyms and other locations. I was immediately impressed by her knowledge and the information she shared. She is extremely resourceful. Shortly thereafter I worked directly with Katie as my nutrition coach and her approach not only makes things simple and focuses on small/easy changes that work with your taste preferences and lifestyle, but I experienced amazing results. Katie truly cares about her clients and makes herself available at odd times, being extremely responsive to questions and creative in terms of testing recipes to offer even more diversity to her client base. I felt so strongly about Katie's proficiency and knowledge that as my company's HR Director I invited her on-site to participate in our company health fairs multiple years in a row. Katie also runs a business that offers great value and high quality products to assist you with meeting your health and nutrition goals. She is also very active in the community - supporting many different small businesses and meaningful causes. I would highly recommend Katie's nutrition serivces and shopping at Max Muscle to anyone I meet who is interested in improving their health and/or fitness!
