3	New owners. Much smaller breakfast menu. Eggs were good, coffee excellent, pancakes sucked. Dry and tasteless. Waitress was very friendly, but our order was messed up and so was the only other table. New Years morning so a hangover may have been in effect. Will remain a loyal Trolley Barn patron.e
4	Such terrif, cheap hot dogs and such nice friendly service Hanni's has. I could have done without the bad, storebought cheesecake though. The fries were really good too. Hanni's says most of everything they make is local and homemade, and they will be getting their desserts from Signature Desserts in the future. Their bread comes from Cibrone's across the street! Bo-NUS! I want to come back.
5	The other day was the third time I've ordered here for takeout. Every time the food has been incredible!!! The salads have the freshest ingredients and are definitely made to order!! The hot dogs are definitely the best I've ever eaten!! Highly recommend their hamburgers along with the fresh cut fries as the side item. The French toast breakfast was a giant portion and tasted just as good as it looked!!
3	Hubs and I stopped at Hanni's place for take out on a recent weekend for take out.We were happy to save $10 with the Yelp deal. Unfortunately, the service staff had no clue how to redeem the coupon and hubs had to wait until the manager came out and took $10 off of our check. The inside is typical for this type of establishment. The bar was very smokey. There was only one table in the restaurant. The menu interested me because of the variety of choices. Bar food meets comfort food with a splash of the orient. Burgers, dogs, mac and cheese and kibbeh. I heard they also serve breakfast. I evoked my inner 9 year old and ordered the sloppy joe with a side of mac and cheese. The sloppy joe was huge and spicy but a bit on the dry side. The mac and cheese was a little better. Creamy, gooey and cheesy with little pieces of bacon. Unfortunately, I couldn't really taste the bacon because the dish was over run with cheese. I never imagined using the term "too much cheese" but the pasta was practically drowning in it. Overall, Hanni's place was fairly average for me. I will probably go back to try some of the interesting menu items but won't be giving the sloppy joe another shot.
5	Great bar atmosphere, employees are very friendly and make you feel at home.  Karaoke DJ is AMAZING! A+++
5	Don't despair.  Bob's Diner is opening in early 2015 at this location.  Bob's is Five Star!
