5	Bill is an experienced electrician. Excellent workmanship in a timely manner.
5	I don't trust anyone but Bill to do my electrical work. I've used his services exclusively since my first encounter with his company. He did my entire 900 sq. ft. home addition and remodel. His work was precise and done right the first time. (Unlike some other electricians I'd used in the past).If you have an electrical issue, Bill's your man!
4	I have never had to call an electrician and I didn't know where to start... luckily I called them first because within an hour, Bill was en route to fix the electricity on my pool pump that randomly stopped working... in 115 degree weather, I couldn't chance my pump not working for even a few days.  I was surprised that he was so knowledgeable and explained everything and the reasons behind the issue, what a great lesson in electricity.  As soon as he dropped the word "to code" I was sold.  I love knowing that everything in my yard will be safe!that should be his new slogan:  Need and electrician who works to code? SOLD! thank you again~!
5	As an interior designer, I often need an electrician that I can trust will do the job right the first time. He always replies promptly to new requests, his prices are fair and he is licensed making sure all jobs are completed to code. He is extremely knowledgeable and personable with a great sense of humor. I can confidently refer him to clients knowing he will look out for their best interests!
5	Great guy and great work. I had to have my overhead light in my kitchen fixed and the gfi in my kitchen corrected. He was fast efficient and was good with my kids. I would definatly recommend him to others
5	We called Bill at BC Electric based on Yelp reviews.  Bill was very friendly, professional and knowledgable.  We had to have our wiring updated for an over the range microwave and he was able to come out the day after I called.  I highly recommend him.
5	We have been chasing a electrical problem for over a year.  We would blow a circuit  breaker for the living room only.  Changed the cb 3 times and it still would go out a month or 2 later.I called BC based on the yelp reviews and I am glad I did.  Bill had the outlet isolated and fix in less the 10 minutes.We could of had a fire and lost everything!  Thanks Bill!!!
