2	Like its other locations downtown and by CMU, this Squirrel Hill storefront offers food for a bargain.  For $6, you can get rice and all four of the vegetarian (vegan, too, I think) dishes OR rice, the chicken, and two of the veggie selections.  The portions are huge, and can feed you two days in a row if you've got a good appetite, or maybe even three days in a row.  Unlike the other locations, the Squirrel Hill branch only serves dinner, and only Monday-Friday.The four vegetarian dishes available the day I visited were a dal, spinach with black-eyed peas, chickpeas and potatoes, and tofu with mixed veggies.  Of the four, I disliked the tofu and mixed veggies--I'm a fan of tofu, but this tofu was way too spongy.  The other three selections were all right, though not spicy at all and too liquid-y.  As other reviewers have remarked about the other locations, the naan was really a piece of store-bought flatbread that tasted a little stale to me.Does Sree's have the best Indian food?  No.  Is it one of the best options for dinner in Squirrel Hill?  No.  Is it worth the money, if you're on a tight budget and want something fast and filling?  Yes.
5	I'm in love with Srees!! I have been eating their Indian food for probably over 10 years since I first moved to Pittsburgh. It's pretty simple take out done deliciously well. They give you such an insane amount of food, you can certainly get 2 meals out of it, if not more. Not a place to take a date or anything, but if you love home cooked Indian food and want hella food, quick, for $6, I highly recommend Srees!
4	One of the few things, in the culinary sense, that I really miss about Pitt that B-lo doesn't have an equivalent of - basically Indian fast food that is somehow still very fresh and authentic, chanelled through a mom'n'pop diner meets food stand idea. A tiny hole in the wall with decor that is nothing to write home about, Sree's serves amazing, super cheap, largely vegan-friendly cuisine in huge portions that someone like myself can easily get tow or three meals out of. The staff (which consisted of Sree and his wife when I was there) were always very friendly and often kicked in extra bread or other complimentary items for regulars. This was a weekly stop for me when I was on a tight budget, teaching at Shuman Juvenile Detention center and living in Squirrel Hill back in the day. When I'm in town again I will need to make a special trip!!!!
1	I got the chicken lunch, and was really hoping for good, fast, cheap Indian food close to my apartment. I got mushy brown rice, pita bread instead of naan, and a rather large bug next to my chicken. I wanted to like it, but I can't get past the bug :(
