3	I'm bittersweet about this place.so I've been coming here for a few years now. And, it's seems like everyone and their Mom does. Their prices are decent and they never say No to anything you want done. They have variety. I came in one day with pictures of what I wanted and the girl (the owner, who can be a huge snob) got them pretty close. I loved them.Normally, I go to Leo, who is just awesome! But the other Vietnamese women just make you feel uncomfortable.I got a pedicure today and she was trying to upsell the "infinity package" to me, which consists of -sugar scrub, longer massage, back rub, some design on ur toe nails for $35 and I just wanted my basic. After I said "No", she just rushed me on out. While "massaging" my feet, daydreaming the whoooole time. I wasn't happy.Over all I do love this place, and I'm just debating on coming back due to the horrible customer service.But it's just so hard because they do an awesome job.Leo is awesome.If the customer service improved, over all I'd give em 5 stars.But since it sucks, they get 3.
2	I ve been a regular here for years, but have found the quality and service decreasing for a while. I agree that if you don't go for the up sell, you are hustled out the door.  I've found a few of the employees to be rude and getting ruder.  Yesterday, I just had enough, and walked out.  It's a little sad considering I have been a regular customer for about two years. I just felt like I wasn't appreciated, wanted, or even welcome.
5	I was a lil hesitant to come here after hearing about how rude the staff is, but I needed a pedi last minute Saturday & my usual place closed at 6pm. I called Infinity at 6:10 & they said I could come in at 6:30. I arrived at about 6:35 & they were super busy. The guy up front told me to have a seat & they'd be ready for me shortly. About 10 minutes later he brought me over to a massage chair where I let my feet soak. Another 10 minutes go by & then a lady gets started on my pedi. She was actually very sweet & even apologized for my wait, which she didn't really need to since they were clearly packed. She gave me an awesome pedi, a good massage that was about 5 minutes maybe longer & did a really cute design (see photo). I just got the basic pedi which was $20 plus $10 for the design, I'd like to get an upgraded pedi when I'm not in a hurry. When you first walk in the place seems pretty tiny, but it's actually bigger once you walk further back. There were about 8 nail stations & about 12 pedi chairs. I liked the glass bowls with color changing lights to soak your feet in, cute & different than other places I've been to. Also, when I was paying the guy up front (the owner maybe?) gave me a stamp card for every visit that I spend $20 or more on. After 8 visits, on my 9th I will get $20 off, I think that's pretty cool. This is definitely my new favorite nail place & I will for sure be a repeat customer!
4	I have been going to infinity nail and spa for the past 4-5 years. I used to work at Moon Valley Country Club and the entire female lifeguard staff would go to this place for pedicures because of the price and quality of the pedicure. I like that the infinity version includes everything. The $35 is the most you will spend for anything you want. I have gone to quite a few other places and although you can get a pedicure for $20 they want to add $10 for a french manicure which is my standard and then another $5-$10 for any type of design and you are up to $40 for the pedicure without even thinking about it. I have tried out most of the manicurists as well and now only go to Zhang. He is awesome, does a wonderful massage and is quite good at designs as well. He goes above and beyond and I have had an hour and half pedicure on more than one occasion from him. I would definitely recommend the place if you like anything additional. If you just go basic they do have those as well. I will agree that not all of the staff are the friendliest and some do try to rush people in and out when they are busy so that they can get to more of the clients.
1	I have been here a handful of times over the last year, but during my last visit I vowed that I would never return. My feet were not in bad condition, so I requested just a quick polish change. The girls left me sitting for an eternity. Finally when someone came, she took off the previous color, and slapped on some weird halloween design. I was pissed due to the fact that she neglected trim my nails and had the audacity to charge me 23$ for that for that hideous creation. I agree with Amy, that if you do not purchase their up sell, they do a crummy job.
5	I Have to say that I Love This Place very much!! I have never had any of the staff be rude!! I have been Coming to Infinity Nails for about a Year!! In that year i have had a couple people do my nails But since i had lily do my nails once she is now the only one i will see and she does a beautiful job waxing my eyebrows.. Even through like i said everyone is amazing Lily is my most favorite!! I'm a very satisfied customer and give them 5stars and thats only because i can't give them more!! Thanks To Lily and the entire staff at Infinity Nails!!!!
5	My daughter wanted to go here after a friend mentioned they could do all these fancy designs and she wanted a British flag to honor the Olympics.  So I was a little nervous when I read the reviews becuase I am all about service (in case you haven't noticed from my other reviews).I was going to give them the benefit of the doubt becuase if you go to any nail shop in the Phoenix area that are run by Asian people, they are all the same. Never super good on their delivery.  We were surprised.  They were friendly and our nails are so fun.  They did a great job on my daughter's request to put the British flag on her big toe.  They give you a little back message while your toes dry before putting on the pattern.  And they are no more expensive than any other nail salon that I've gone to.  Especially since they do these fun pattern.  Other nail salons will charge an extra $5 for a simple flower.  We're going back - for sure.  Can't wait for Halloween to put some fun halloween pattern on my toes.  This is when it is nice to live somewhere hot and you wear flip flops the majority of the year.Tip: they were super busy.  I made an appointment and got right in.  I did see one person who made an appointment with a specific person having to go with another nail tech.  Stil would recommend making an appointment.
4	I have been going to Infinity off and on for 5 years. When I go I usually request Lilly. I have to say it's hit and miss with this place. Sometimes everyone provides exceptional service, sometimes they don't, but like anything else you get what you pay for. Also too I have seen people be extremely rude and condescending to the employees who work there. Just remember people, treat others how you want to be treated. You treat them kindly with respect they will do the same. Only on a few occasions would I say that I haven't been satisfied with their work. All in all I do love it there!
5	Today was probably my 8th or 9th time coming to this salon. I originally got a full gel set from Rachel and she did such a great job I've gone back to her since! I always get compliments and she is awesome :)
3	I have been here twice now and left disappointed each time. I originally came here because I saw a cool design on a random girls nails and she said she got it here. Both times that I have come I have asked for that design and they didn't understand me. My nails came out beautiful which is why the get 3 stars but it wasn't what I asked for. If you have a particular design in mind you may want to try another shop. They were very nice but after all if the frustration of leaving twice disappointed I won't be back.
1	I have no want to ever return to this nail salon again. Iv had three horrible experiences, but there close to my house and convenient so I over looked the first 2 bad visits but the 3rd send me over the edge. My girlfriend and I went to get a pedicure around 2 in the afternoon and I had to be a work down the street at 5. We walked in and the place was busy no doubt but it took them 5 minutes to even notice me, and when they did notice me they asked me to come back in 2 hours.. I had mentioned I had to be at work at 5 and they said DONT WORRY WE WILL FINISH YOU.. so my friend and I returned at four... Not a single person greeted us and after ten minutes of the employees taking other people in back to get pedicures I decided to walk out.. Never had a good experience and will never return.
3	Its really hit or miss with this place, but I come back because overall I like them.  Sometimes I leave extremely happy, sometimes, not so much.  I haven't really had much luck with nail salons here in Phoenix, and this place has given me the most satisfaction out of the places I have been to, and its conveniently located for me.
1	I can't believe I returned to this place so many times over the years, my stupidity! I have been treated so rudely so many times. Today was the final straw. I sat for about 15 min at the nail station the guy came over and started filing of my gel polish he then asked if I had acrylic which I had told them I needed a fill when I walked in.  He then got up and walked away without saying anything. I could see him out back smoking and talking on the phone! I'm not sure why he felt the need to walk away with no explanation but I gave him about 5-10 min then couldn't take the lack of customer service anymore! I got up and walked out with two filed off nails! I drove down the street to another place to have them finished. It sucks because they are really good at Nail designs, but I will NEVER go here again!
5	Recently moved to the area.  Been here many times over the past few months after walking out of several nail salons really disappointed while searching.You can count on consistent, good, friendly service here.  If you like a good foot massage, you will enjoy the pedicures!  They take their time and really do a great job. I always spend a little more and get the spa pedicure ( it's worth it),  if you don't like to wait in line, get here at 10:00 on Sunday when they open.Fills and manicures are good too!
5	By far the best selection of gel manicure colors . So many you can't decide. Also the colors for the acrylic tips have a great selection as well. If you can go during the week I would . It's not as busy and the foot massage was so long I almost feel asleep.. Ask for the infinity pedicure !
5	I have been going here for 7-8 years. I moved away to Cali for a couple years and disliked every other place a I went to. When I would visit Az I ALWAYS came to get my nails done. Now that Ive moved back im going all the time again. I love Lyly and she always makes my nails look awesome. I get compliments all the time and never have had any problems with them. I get in with no probs and most of my friends and fam go there with me. They are all really nice people.
5	Excellent service and professional staff. I stopped in on a weekday at lunchtime while on a business trip. The place was busy and it was clearly because of repeat customers. Awesome long massages as well as a neck massage included! Remembering this place for future trips!
2	I was here on 3/9 and left disappointed.  I took a picture of the nails that they had designed in the front of the store.  I asked the gentleman who was at the 'front desk' how much this design would cost on my big toes, and he suggested that I don't do it unless I am going to be wearing open sandals (and never would tell me a price).  Once I got back to the pedicure chair I showed the lady doing my pedicure the picture.  She took my phone and showed it to another lady (because apparently my lady couldn't do designs?).  After the 'Infinity pedicure' (which was ok) the other lady came over to do my design.  I guess I was so much in shock of how dissimilar it was to the picture that I was speechless.  The original lady asked me if it was good and I said 'no.'Obviously I didn't make a stink about it - and probably won't return.I will try to attach the 2 pictures (what I wanted, and what I got).
4	Been coming here on and off for several years!! They are always busy... This is a good thing because they're good at what they do but in my last experience they didn't provide me with adequate service because it seemed like they wanted me out of the door and on to the next person. My Gel manicure was rushed and for $30 it only last a week. However, the pedicures are amazing!! I don't get designs so no worry about that but the massage was great and worth the price.
5	Love this place!  Good neck and shoulder massage too. It's super busy though so make an appointment if you don't want to wait.  Great customer service.
5	I have been going here for several years now and I love it. They are very clean never had any issues with that. Their pricing is right on not over charging by any means. The pedicure could be way more than they charge (35) its easily worth 50. My nails always look amazing. I can never choose what I want to do so I always say whatever you want and they have done awesome art work on them.
1	USED to get my nails done there. Go in get a full set for 40 not bad with tip. Go in and get my nails filled with different color and charged me 38$ and wasn't even there for a hour! Really?! I asked she have me this bull explanation and I was paying and she was talking crap about me to the girl that was getting her nails done! Really?!? I was standing right there and your talking about me?! Never going again if I want to pay for a full set every time. Not worth it. Going someone where else now. Went there for the old price but not worth 45$ every time
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. Their customer service has never been that great to begin with but this last time the really made me mad. I call to make an appointment and the girl rudely tells me they aren't making appointments but they weren't busy at all so come right in. I was there probably ten minutes later and every seat was filled and a thirty minute wait. They do a good job and that's why they are busy but I would have appreciated being told that.When I got there I asked what the wait time was they started talking to each other and just forgot I had asked so I asked again and then just left. I'm not sure I'll be going back.
4	Honestly, I cannot understand for the life of me why this place only has 24 reviews! First off this is the best nail salon in the valley for nail designs. They will hand paint, do any design, color or 3D art you want. It CAN get expensive depending on what you get. Last time i got a gel build up which is a healthier version to acrylics and then a gel color and it was 50.00. Wayyyy too much for my budget but otherwise their prices are reasonable they give massages with your pedicure. You need to be specific with what you want otherwise a lot can get lodt in translation...however they seem like very honest genuine employees and i look forward to coming back here in 2 weeks :) also make sure if you pay with your card to let them know to add the tip because you cant write it in after
1	One star only because it won't let me use 0. This place is a joke...they charge you more if you look like you have $. They also slap acrylic over your whole nail with a big brush...cuticle and all...they shape it and when it's dry try to rip it off your skin with a file and then get irritated when you pull away due to the pain...If you are looking for a great nail spa check out Pro Nail and spa by Tina at 67th Ave and 101...infinity doesn't even clean their implements...The bloody file they used on the last client is now being used on you...
4	Came in yesterday for my first visit.  They're a very busy salon but got us a chair right away and started in us without delay.  I had Tracy and she did my mani and pedi.  Best pedi I've had! Super smooth and perfectly polished .  She patiently tolerated my ticklishness :)   I'll definitely be back and refer others
1	I came here with my daughter on May 7th 2014 and then again on May 21st 2014. On the 21st, I was waiting for my daughter to be finished with her nail drying and as I was waiting, I noticed their inspection review posted on the wall. I began reading it and every technician was red flagged. Every single one. The inspector had so much to write about he/she wrote all the faults and flags in between preprinted words, around the outsides of the page, and on the back. For each tech under the comment field, he/she had to write so small about all their short-comings that it was very difficult to read. From what I gathered, it was mostly how each tech wasnt cleaning their tools properly, unsanitary, bacteria found.  The date for the inspection was May 8th 2014. The one line that stuck with me was "not a single bottle of disinfectant/tsa or liners throughout the entire salon nor at any nail stations". When I was finished reading, I turned around and found that management the receptionist and a few other techs were watching me. I asked when their next inspection will be, and they said "no need, we passed". I said, "according to this, clearly not". I got a shrug of the shoulder and a back to my face. When I paid, I didnt offer a tip, and the receptionist asked me if I was going too, I informed her that I shouldnt be paying for anything,  but because I didnt come in here to get something for free nor an infection or worse HEP C, I certainly wont be giving a tip. Needless to say, I wont be going back. IMHO.
3	Had a bikini wax here (I was desperate & my normal place was closed) & it was not awful, but not great. Normally my girl can get it done in as many as 5 rips on each side, the poor girl was thorough, but ripped at least 15x on each side!! I was painful, but when looking at end result it turned out very good. I will definitely be back for a pedicure one day, but most likely never a bikini wax.
5	Ariel's hands are magic! The girl did an amazing job in about half hour. I was there for an hour total, but they're so busy that it took a bit to get to me. Awesome selection of shellac gel polishes and she can do any design you walk in with. I didn't get a design this time but I watched her do it on another customer.
1	I have visited this salon for years and the service has generally been average (except for the feeling that the technicians are always talking about me behind my back in front of my face...). The salon is close to my house, so this has been the main reason I kept returning.  Never again!  I went in for a gel manicure and pedicure with my daughter - and Eddy was the one who came to give me my manicure. What a horrible experience!  He is arrogant and rude and couldn't care less about what the customer wants.  He came at me to take off my old gel polish with the drill tool and I told him that I would prefer he did it without the drill (it hurts, is damaging to your nails and is really done in my experience by lazy nail techs that don't want to spend the time to do it right). He told me that "he's the professional" and to "let him do his job" - I was so flustered I let him do it and my nails are trashed. He never gave me a manicure (which I realized after he polished because I was so mad about the drill), yet they charged me anyway.  On top of this, I had chosen a gel color for my nails that he assured me had a matching color for my toes - once he was done we discovered he was wrong - so he picked out a random color and called it "good enough" - for who?  I'm the one who is paying for this lousy service.  There's plenty of competition for my business of there - I think it's time to spend my money somewhere else.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. The employees here are disrespectful. The lady doing nail my said the color I chose was ugly... Well good thing they aren't her nails! And the lady I spoke to because I was unhappy with this disrespectful comment. Didn't even care enough to say I will speak to her or anything worst customer service ever! Oh yeah it's my birthday!
5	Dont understand the negative reviews!, 8/16/2014I've been going there for over 2 yrs now and realized one thing... if you don't make an appointment, you might have to wait! Simple. So when I found Ben to do my nails, and had to wait many times  since he is very good and very busy I started making an appointment. Never a problem with time. Make an appointment and if you have to wait just a bit, it's because they're taking care of their customers. They will do the same for you.
1	Tony T. (business owner) - It says a lot about you and your business that you would respond by making a character judgment about me because I posted an honest, if not positive, review about your business.  I am not a "one shoot person" and as I said in my original review, the service at your salon has never been any better than average and your staff has on numerous occasions made me feel uncomfortable.  My biggest mistake was to continue giving this business my money for so long because you were close and convenient.  This time, though, I felt as though my safety and my wishes as a customer were completely disregarded because of your staff's ego and desire to get me out in a hurry.  I am not the only reviewer on here who has had negative experiences, so I know I am not alone.
5	Ben is amazing I drive 10 plus miles just to get my nails done by him. I have always left with a smile and recommend him to all my friends
1	Shortly after I went for a pedicure I have a bad case of athletes foot ! As much as i really like going here I think it's time to go somewhere else . I have noticed they rinse the pedicure tub out but don't really clean it for the next person . My daughter also had her nails taken off yesterday and the lady who did it literally ripped part of her natural nail off .
5	I have finally found a nail place that blows me away every time with their awesome staff! I was recommended to try here by a customer and I will never go anywhere else. Kim does an amazing job and always gets my nails exactly how I want them. Today I had mike since Kim was busy and he did an excellent job as well. They are reasonably priced and even have punch cards for every time you go that you can get a $20 gift card after 8 services. What a great deal!
5	It's been awhile since I've been here, having moved to Scottsdale. I was delighted to find the salon cleaner and more lovely. Kim has done a nice job managing and the Infinity pedicure is so worth it with the extra (terrific) massage! No place else to go for great nail service in Moon Valley! Or, just in the neighborhood, inbetween  appointments! like me!
5	Kim is just the best. Whatever design whatever color you ask she will do she always does her best to have her costumers satisfied. Trust me Kim does a GREAT job my nails last up to 3 weeks looking great...
5	FULL SHOP ReviewOk here is a very HONEST review after about 4 years of going to Infiniti on Greenway.  First let me start off by saying I am EXTREMELY picky. I don't know if I could emphasize that enough. Not only am I picky but I also like to change up my design quite often from acrylic, gel, flared, airbrush, gems, 3D...you name it I've had it on my nails. And absolutely require my toes to always match. Also I do not like getting my nails split off I like to have them soaked. So I'm rather particular.I used to only use Lily or Kim. I would say they are the top two best in the shop but there are about 4 other techs that are pretty badass too as I discovered when I couldn't get Lily or Kim various times and NEEDED my nails done. I never go without an appt. Even with an appt u wait maybe 5 10 mins most if they're really bizy its never been a big deal except maybe once in the 4 years i was on time crunch. So I'd say thats pretty damn good.  I live rather far and I have moved several different times in the 4yrs to different areas of the valley and I always am willing to drive even if its 45 minutes to this nail shop. I have tried other shops here in there. But alas no one gets me like that B  Lily and I say that lovingly, she can have her bad days jus like u and me and yes sometimes she pisses me off but I like having a rapport with my salon peoples. There's a husband and wife team(can't remember their names) that do really good nail art. Tall Eddy is very sweet and attentive to ur nail needs. Lily does great eyebrows, and Kim in back pedicures not Kim upfront I think she has nickname so theres not confusion anyway she's my TOP pick for all ur pedicure needs cause she really gets into it. But to be honest I've never really had a bad pedicure by anyone. I've never had a manicure but Ive taken my sister and friends along over the yrs and I got mixed reviews back from them. But some of them had kinda rude B's that dont work there any longer. Laughing at the mention of the price now some people say they try to UP charge I mean I guess every salon does that to an extent but I've never felt overpressured or felt jipped. Especially considering how much different fancy designs I'd get anywhere else would charge me quite a bit. Like for instance the same set of nails I will get with my toes at the competing salon in Frys shopping center that I used to go to. Would charge about $90 and I can get that same thing at Infiniti for about $65 $70. Infinity doesn't charge you for takeoff weather u soak or file off. Also don't up charge for glitter when you get a NEW SET  most salons charge $5, $10 extra for that! Its dumb, I mean I'm not super loaded but I get my nails done for me and here I get them done exactly how I want them for a reasonable price enough said.Just don't go in there at like 6 o'clock on a Friday Saturday night and then complain about the wait time or than kind of feeling rushed you know they close at 7 and almost every day they end of having to stay open an hour past close time just to finish the customers. Don't expect absolute pure perfection every single time, I'd say 95% of the time though its perfect I luv my nails and get compliments ALOT. I think i covered everything
2	I'm really not a fan of this salon. It's overpriced and the services are average. Almost every time I get my nails here they end up lifting up within two days. Every time I come back in to get it fixed they charge me for each nail. I don't know if the glue is cheap or they don't use enough. Either way I pay $40 for a set on nails that don't last, which is ridiculous.  I also notice that the nail techs are very rough and move way too fast when doing my nails. One of my nails started actually bleeding because of how rough my nail tech was. I only continue to go here because it is the only nail salon in my area, but I would not recommend it.
5	Donna always does a great job! She's friendly, quick and efficient.
5	Anthony is by far the best manicurist I've ever had. He is very accommodating and always delivers even when I show him pictures of crazy designs or a new shape I want my nails to be. Plus he is quite handsome so that always makes the appt more enjoyable..lol. He is my favorite type of artist...the times I go in there and don't really know what I want, all I have to say to him is give me something new, fresh, and original and I'm always so happy with the results. I've tried a few places prior to him that were less expensive but learned real quick that you get what you pay for. Anthony"s prices are mid range and worth every penny. If you have the time, get a full service pedicure. I've never experienced anything like their pedicures and will never go anywhere else. Every time I have company from out of town, I treat them to a visit at Infinity and always get them pedicures. I've actually fallen asleep in the chair I was so relaxed and in the moment. This is a must do for all pedicure enjoyers.
2	Nails came out a little sloppy. I agreed to $25 full set and they charged me for $35. Customer service sucks! They make no conversation and are not friendly.
