5	Talk about GREAT sandwiches!!! The Capastrami is the BEST!!! This place is always voted Best Of Vegas every year for a good reason!! The food RULES!! The bread and meats are always fresh and delicious! Over 10 years of enjoying sandwiches at Capriottis and I have never been disappointed!! The staff is always friendly and efficient. I now live in California, but Capriottis is the first place I hit when I pull into town. I always pick it up BEFORE I get to my destination! FYI - They have a Elvis impersonator who makes the experience extra enjoyable (especially for Laura!!!)
5	Capriotti's is the best place around for delicious sandwiches!  I just had the capastrami and it was incredible.  The pastrami was nice and lean (well, as lean as pastrami gets) and they piled it high on a great roll with lots of crunchy slaw and a tasty russian dressing.  But the kicker is to ask for some of the hot pepper relish on the side.  Try it on the sandwich and you'll never look back.  Amazing!The Bobbie is also really good and so is the plain old turkey sandwich (I got it on the kaiser roll).I like this location because it's never too too crowded and the service is always fast and friendly.  Check it out!
5	wow, just wow. i had the italian and it was great, fresh deli meats soft bread and friendly service to boot?i managed to try some of my friends' bobbies and capastrami and those blew me out of the water as well.this place has interesting sandwiches that dont fail to deliver.oh and pricing is fair enough and what you would come to expect.they could be charging more.4.5/5.0
4	Their pastrami is great!!!
4	Really tasty subs: as first timers, we stuck with the capastrami and the bobbie, the 2 most yelped about. 2 Mediums (at 12" each) ended up to be about 7" too long for the 4 of us lightweights!  (Then again, we were kind of pacing ourselves for our impending M-fest later in the day.)The capastrami was everyone's fave but I thought the bobbie was right up there. the turkey was really moist and delicious. a perfect one handed thanksgiving.
5	Hands down the best sandwich shop in town. Their signature sandwiches such as the Bobbie and Capastrami are second to none. If your ever in the mood for a sandwich, skip Subway and Quizno's and head to your local Capriotti's Sandwich shop!**NOTE**-Make sure to tip these guys out as they are all very appreciative for the beer money. :)
5	If there is one thing I know to be true, it's that the Pizza and sandwiches are simply a thousand times better on the East coast. This is why Cap's deserves the 5 star rating. They bring the good stuff West. Living in Delaware, we were spoiled by many great sandwich shops, and Cap's is an all time Delaware classic. Great sandwiches need great bread, and Cap's delivers. They don't skimp on the meat and veggies, either. Everyone needs to try the Capostrami at least once. The bobby, (thanksgiving on a roll) isn't my thing, but it may well be yours. It's very popular at home, and here in Vegas. Cap's in Vegas takes the exact same approach as back home. It's a no frills, bare bones sandwich shop, East coast style. the menu isn't extensive, but everything is delicious. The best cheese steak in town. My personal favorite is the turkey sub. Cap's turkey is almost like pulled or shredded turkey, not sheets of deli turkey. It's juicy and delicious, and I highly reccomend the red pepper spread with it. Let's face it. While Vegas has lots of amazing food, when it comes to Pizza and sandwiches, the duds are a dime a dozen. Cap's is a diamond in the rough, serving up tried and true sandwiches for a great price. East coast approved. ; )
5	If you've never heard of the bobbie, which I might consider capriotti's signature sandwich, it's basically thanksgiving between two pieces of bread...with lots of mayo.In the mayo slathered bun we have real turkey (not the lunch meat BS), cranberry sauce, and stuffing. It tastes as good as it sounds and you can't tell if the turkey is dry or not because of all that mayo. She is a hearty and carby sandwich so it might be best to bobbie it up in moderation but you would be remiss to skip out on the tastes of a holiday, whenever, wherever, and in ergonomic cylindrical form.
5	Best sandwiches in Vegas period. Stay away if your trying to eat healthy but when I cheat which is once in a while this is one of the places I go to. The Bobbi is famous for a reason. Probably one of the best sandwiches I ever had. Been to Philly so I know what a good authentic cheese steak taste like. When I first moved out here I tried a lot of places but none came close. Capriottis is the closest that I've found. Very good and they give you a lot of meat.
4	Great service w a smile!Always order the WW Homemade Turkey!Lurve it!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Just had the Capistrami with no Russian Dressing and it was delicious. If you like spicy, add the hot pepper relish for extra flavor!
5	Once in a while we have a hankering for a good Sub; there's nothing like biting into a fluffy, soft, chewy roll upon which your mouth hits payload with a good, thick, hearty deli meat mixed with the crunch of vegetables....it's a mush of satisfying flavors swirling around that's instantly gratifying....(of which we're devout followers...)Capriotti's is a bit of that East Coast shop, reminiscent of your favorite local neighborhood deli.  A sense of nostalgia sweeps over you upon entering the doors; the black and white checker tiled floors, kids in white aprons running between chaos and order; from the front counter where you order to the back counter with the flat top griddle where all the magic happens, it's a quintessential universal memory.....an American Classic.Capriotti's has been on several, 'Best Sub Sandwich' lists, with 'The Bobbie' being it's most popular, (it's even made it into Urban Dictionary)....It's definitely earned it's recognition and is worth trying out for yourselves!!!And can I say, there's something about getting that sandwich over the counter, wrapped in it's white butcher paper, thick and weighty like handling a mighty sword; a sense of power  rushes over you as you toss your meaty sandwich up in the air like a baton.....it's like.....Deli Power!!!!!We have two favorite sandwiches that we always get, (by now if you've read our post, you know that once we like something, that's pretty much all we're gonna get..).  Adventurous? Nope. Consistent? Yes..The Capastrami: hot Pastrami sandwich with Swiss, Russian Salad Dressing and the Cole Slaw is fantastic; it's that blend of piping hot pastrami, with the creamy, crunch of tangy Cole Slaw and Russian Dressing that is just indescribably delicious!!!! I love the entire process of eating a Capriotti's Sub; unwrapping the white butcher paper and rolling the sandwich out, with big, aromatic wafts filling your senses, it make you ravenous for all that is between the hoagie roll!This sandwich does not last long on the plate, you find yourself devouring it within seconds!  It is hands down, one of the Best Subs Sandwiches I have ever had...The other sandwich, of course, is The Bobbie: Home made roasted Turkey with Cranberry Sauce, Stuffing, Provolone and Mayo.  It's exactly the sandwich that all you guys make the day after Thanksgiving!!!Now we like the Bobbie hot, (I know I know, it's supposed to be cold- but we like the stuffing and turkey warm for some reason).  Cold stuffing isn't appealing......But it's truly a comfort food dish, and the Turkey is excellent, especially since it's home made!! You must try this place, it will satisfy your Sub craving!!Rating (Out of Five Stars)Food:            4.75Ambience:    3.5Service:        4.5
2	I tried this sandwich restaurant just bcuz some of my coworkers kept ranting about how Capriotti's has the best subs. I tried the sub that has turkey, cranberry sauce & stuffing thinking that it was going to be delicious due to my coworkers recommendations. Well, I was wrong, that sub combo was gross. It was too many flavors that over powered each other & too much cranberry sauce. Over all gross.! Then today my husband & I we decided to try Capriotti's again, I decided to try the 6 inch tuna sub. As it turns out it was average, nothing to it, nothing special. I make better tuna sandwiches @ home than this place does. I will never come here again & I will make sure that none of my friends go to this place or waste their $$$ when they go to Vegas. Disappointed, this place is average, Subway wins this one. This place is BLAH!
1	We should not expect much from part time help and Capriottis does not disappoint.  Could not get. Anyone to answer the phone after three attempts. They have lost their way from the heady days when they imported bakers from the east coast. We will not try again..
4	Great sandwich shop.  Get the Bobbi.  They actually roast entire turkey's overnight and carve it for the sandwich.  Add the sweet cranberry sauce with stuffing and it's an amazing turkey sandwich.  It's Thanksgiving in a sandwich everyday.
5	Food is amazing!!! And staff is ALWAYS so nice!!!
2	Do not try to order for delivery.  Very unprofessional children working at this location.  We asked if they had a driver today because they sometimes don't despite the fact that they say "WE DELIVER" painted on the front window.  They said yes, it would be delivered within 45 minutes.  An hour went by, and we called to hear "We haven't made your sandwiches yet.  I don't know where the driver is."  Thanks for the call!  Nice to know you appreciate your customers.  Well, your driver just cost you a customer.  NO MORE "BEER MONEY" for you!  Done.  BTW, the cheese steak is ok, but not an authentic Philly cheese steak.
4	This place is a chain? How did I not eat here all this time? Excellent sandwich shop that needs to expand like everywhere! The sandwiches here are the complete opposite of Subway, unhealthy and delicious. We ordered 3 sandwiches for my attending physician and his employees and I offered to carry them out. He insisted that I don't but I did anway. And boy those babies were heavy! I actually had to contract my muscles to keep the sandwiches from hitting the ground. Anyway, great spot for lunch but share (or just eat a little for lunch and then for dinner and then again for dinner snack).
4	I'd heard about Capriotti's and wanted to try it, so I went to grab some sandwiches for myself and my family the other day. I was really impressed from the moment I walked in. The staff were all really friendly and helpful. I ordered two 12" subs - the capistrami and a turkey sub. Both were great, but what really impressed me was that the turkey was roasted fresh in the store. I could see the kitchen from the counter area and there was a whole roasted turkey in a roasting pan waiting to be cut up for their sandwiches. You don't see that at many sub shops! All the toppings tasted really fresh and the bread was great, too. I'd definitely go back another time!
4	The Bobbie is the most delicious sandwich in the world.   The staff is usually pretty friendly but at times they can be a bit slow.  During the summer this shop can get uncomfortably warm.
5	Pre-text: My husband and I had never been up this far in Henderson. The only reason we were up here was because we had been hiking at Sloan Canyon and we were both very hungry after our hike. Yay for Cap's!This Cap's is located in a shopping mall in a very Western part of Henderson, nestled among golf courses, country clubs, and from what I could tell, rather expensive housing. It's a nice area. The Cap's is nice too, clean, with a long wooden counter and a bar to eat at. The gentlemen working were very nice, clever individuals who continually yelled, "Hey, we got beer money!" whenever anyone tipped them. So, of course, I tipped them too. Good tactic.As for the food, I ordered a medium Capastrami, which I looooove. The meat is so tender, absolutely amazing flavor. This is the way it is at all the Cap's in town. But this one may have been a tad better because I had just been on a hike. My husband got his go-to The Bobbie. We got some drinks and a bag of chips and ate outside on one of their two tables and then we both ate the rest of our sandwiches at home for dinner! Ha! Thanks for two meals Cap's!
1	I ordered the food for the first time here and decided to order delivery the lady I called asked me to hold and put the phone down I listened to her take about 15 orders while I waited 10 minutes for her to return to the call. I decided to call back and it has now been 1 hour and 15 minutes later I still had not received my food. I called to see what was wrong and told them it had been going on two hours I've been trying to eat and they need to do something. He had no sympathy for me and told me they got the address wrong ect. Horrible customer service and I'm still paying for this. Bad service wouldn't recommend delivery for anyone. Very poorly run.
4	Grew up down the street from the original location in Delaware and always enjoy finding one when I travel for work. Not nearly as good as the one back home but still a million times better then Subway or Firehouse, etc.
1	I happen to like he foo but at this particular location they are so rude! The customer service is non existent. I walked in to an empty place for lunch 20 minutes ago and waited by the register for 10 minutes for someone to help me. 4 employees behind the counter watching one employees show off his spatula skills in the air. No one came over to me to ask "may I help you"? Until I started to walk out. Needless to say, I kept walking. They really failed!
2	Hate to do this to this place but as I write this review, I am very frustrated with this particular location!  This is the second time in a row that I ordered a sandwich to go and got home to find out the order was wrong!  I specifically asked for "no tomatoes and all the extras with peppers, etc" .  Both times I got home to find a sandwich with tomatoes and none of the extras!  So frustrating!  Food is good but check your orders as they have been really messing up here lately!
2	I've always been a fan of capriottis but noticed that at this location my sandwiches are often wet and soggy once I get them home. I live three minutes away. Recently though I got sick from a cheesesteak sandwich. I'm hoping it was just a one time thing but I don't have the stomach to try another one yet. It might take a while to get over that
2	The only problem I have with this Capriotti's is their delivery. My friend wanted a sub & we were exhausted after a long day so we decided to have it delivered. Well NEVER again! We were told 30 minutes for delivery (I only live about 10 minutes away) well once about 40 minutes went by we called & was told "the driver should be there any minute now" after another 20 minutes I called again & was told again that the driver was on their way. I asked to speak to a manager who told me that the driver was going to be at the store in 20 minutes not to my house. Informed him that is not what we were told. All I got was a "sorry." So finally the driver arrived & come to find out it wasn't even the driver. The manager sent this employee over to deliver our subs to us because the driver never showed up at the store. This person informed us that they were waiting for the driver to come & after some time went by (over an hour) they finally decided to get someone else to deliver the subs. I understand things can happen but I don't appreciate being lied to & after more then one phone call & over an hour  wait for 2 subs (after being told 30 minutes) all the manager could say was  "sorry." I will never have delivery service from this store again & may not even give them my business again. It's just not O.K. in my book to lie more then once to a customer. I'd be more understanding if you were honest with me in the first place instead of lying to me & having me think my subs were going to show up any minute when your driver wasn't even @ the store.
2	Their sandwiches just miss.The pastrami, steak and turkey are plentiful, but flavorless.I have had better at other Capriotti's and certainly at other sandwich shops.
4	Sandwiches are pretty good for the prices. They are freshly made and you can always call ahead if you're in the hurry. Most of the cooks are young guys and they are fun to talk to. I like their cole turkey sandwich and cheese steaks. The food is delicious and you can get your sandwich made which ever way you want to.
3	3 stars for great sandwiches that I've always loved and wonderful customer service (wish I could give them 5).I took away two stars because I have been in this location a few times this summer and it is terribly hot inside.  I thought the first time was a fluke but the second time just seemed to be careless management.  I feel terrible for the red faced employees who are OBVIOUSLY uncomfortable.  It's 110 degrees out... Get it together.
3	3 stars because the store was filthy!  The back room had old food all over the floor and the sanitation buckets under the table had nasty towels in them. The grill...OMG IT WAS DISGUSTING! looked like it hadn't been cleaned in god knows how long.  The sandwiches were awesome.  This is why they didn't get 1 star. Needs better management no doubt.
5	Amazing subs for a decent price. Capriottis is way better than subway and jimmy johns. Spend the extra buck and go here, you won't regret it. The capastromi is the best sub on their menu. Every time I order, it comes out perfect. I can't complain about anything here. 5 stars for sure.
5	I tried to eat just one!! I keep coming back!! Best homemade turkey and Bobbie ever!!! I mean c'mon!! Butterball turkey!!! It's like thanksgiving every time if take a bite!!  Cheesesteak sandwich with sweet peppers BOOM! Flavor masterpiece! Staff is always fun and cheery making my experience a good one with every visit.
4	Had the Grilled Italian with hot peppers. Sandwich was delicious, I like spicy but my mouth was on fire and a single bottle of water wasn't enough. The only thing I don't like about this place is drink situation sucks. Is it too much to have a drink dispenser or iced tea? My wife had just a regular turkey sandwich and it was delicious with real pieces of turkey. Can't wait to try something new on menu.
4	Ok, here's the deal....  It's so difficult to choose!!!!  My husband is attached to their Philly Cheesesteak with the works, pile on the mushrooms, green peppers and onions. I'm torn between the Capistrami and their Turkey sandwich with stuffing and cranberry. The best part is they deliver too. It's good for 2days meal, always always have leftovers
