4	Wow!  This location ain't just your average Savers - it's a Savers superstore!That said, the store - obviously - is huge.  Typical shopping experience at Savers, pretty busy for a Wednesday at lunchtime.  As I had popped in on my lunch break I didn't get to scour the racks this time - but I did pick up two really nice silk scarves for $1.99 each. The store is clean, super well organized and crammed to the gills with merch.  All of the staff seemed super friendly as well. Now is probably a great time to hit up this store before it gets picked over.  I really like that they have drive-thru curbside drop-off for donations - smart thinking!Can't wait to come back in the evening so I have more time to browse the racks. This place is gonna be dangerous - it's only a block away from work!
2	The selections on regular clothes are decent. The reason why I came in was for a Halloween costume. I thought I saw them for less here, but they were the roughly around the same price. There are plenty of options, just not in any size smaller than a large.
4	This is a Wal-Mart sized (well technically Albertsons sized, as that's what the building used to be) thrift store. Clothing is well organized according to size and style, and the books are even organized according to genre, a rarity in most thrift stores I've been to.I've found the prices to be higher on average than Goodwill, but overall it's easier to find something if you have a specific item/size in mind. They do have a stampcard that you can get stamped from buying or donating items, and there was a 20% coupon in the UNLV couponbooks that are given out at the beginning of each semester at the information booths on campus.The store itself looks large, white and sterile. I've found some nice treasures there, but anything with a designer label or that is notably vintage will be marked up substantially.I love how they've done the dressing rooms at this location, you take a number, and they won't let you in with more than 4-6 items (can't remember the exact number). This prevents people who monopolize the dressing rooms for 30 minutes to an hour. On Mondays they have 99 cents on a particular tag, so prepare for crowds if you go on  Monday!
1	Too much price gauging for donated designer items.
3	This is a huge Savers location that just opened up. I was browsing through the racks during my lunch hour. There are tons of aisles to peruse, but I didn't find a single thing I was interested in. I felt the racks needed to be a little better organized. they were categorized by size, but found that most of the items were all out of order. It was a pain finding something that I was interested in and finding that it was a completely wrong size. The racks were packed to the gills and there are tons of items to choose from and I know it's hard to keep everything organized for places like this, but it's hard to enjoy browsing when everything isn't organized very well. I'll probably be back if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to shop at this location.
4	This could be the biggest thrift store I've ever been to! It was also pretty clean. As with all Savers locations, some items are terribly over-priced (for instance, a flower pot with another store's $2.97 clearance sticker, but the Savers price being $7.99.)However, I was able to get some awesome deals. I got a papermaking kit for $5 (retail is over $30) and a Disneyland souvenir for $2 (retail at least $10).The store has a very good knick knack section, but not a lot of furniture, considering how much space they have. There are many long rows of clothing, but I didn't take a good look at them (although I did notice that the dress aisle had plenty of items that looked brand-new and wearable). The men's clothing section seemed to be a lot more organized than anywhere else. I will be coming back to this Savers!
5	I love this Savers!! I go thrifting a lot and always find the best stuff at this location.  I really like the employees here, they're super friendly and always make me feel excited about my finds! It's a huge store so there are lots of cool things you can find here, just be prepared to spend a lot of time looking! Of course, like any thrift store you have days of finding lots of stuff and days of not finding anything but I hardly ever leave empty handed. I have found countless vintage pictures and housewares for super cheap! I thank this store for my amazing cowboy boot and dress collection!!
4	My first time in this store and definitely the first thrift store I liked in Las Vegas. We were after some dinnerware and we got them in good quality for so much cheaper. I even got a few Christmas things! I enjoyed browsing through their other items as well and would have walked out with a lot more items than what we intended to buy if we weren't on such a tight budget. I also like this thrift store because most of their items are in great/good condition and they try hard to organize and put them in categories. And the store isn't smelly like goodwill or salvation army (we do check those out too). Will be coming back here again.
4	I prefer this Savers over most of the thrift stores in the valley. They have awesome prices and there's almost always a chance you're able to find something; even if it's not on your list of things to find. Jeans rack is fully stocked; more like overstocked but that's never a bad thing! Everything is pretty organized and they keep their store clean. Only thing I'd like more of at this store is more furniture selection, otherwise it's on my go to thrift shops.Awesome deals, fully stocked racks, and tidy environment.
5	Scored a Bally Marconi Men's oxford shoe for $7 at this location. Shoe had no scratches and minor scuffs.I check this location, as well as the one in Henderson by Warm Springs, for good clothes and other things I need.Placed is clean, organized, and everyone is helpful.Do yourself a favor. Toss out your predispositions about thrift stores. Save money for more important things and check out Savers for little things you need.Some more tips:I have been told that they usually restock this location on Tuesdays.Bring a bag of things to donate to get a 20% off couponPrepare to spend a couple of hours or so because you WILL end up browsing.They offer returns/exchanges on some items I believe. So keep your reciepts and item tags.Enjoy your shopping and remember: reduce, reuse and recycle!
4	Found a beautiful cream Liz Claiborne jacket and two piece luggage set. Both brand new for a huge discount. I love searching and finding great deals.
4	This place is actually one of the cleanest thrift stores I been in and very organized and prices are fair on some items...
4	This is not your average thrift store---IT'S BETTER!Huge store!!  Great deals!!  CLEAN and well organized.  Staff was very helpful and friendly.  So instead of throwing my $$ in the slot machines & at the gambling tables I go shopping for bargains. London Fog women's all weather coat $18.00-great condition!Old Navy brand long sleeved youth rugby pullovers $3.99-tags still on.NIKE & Reebok baseball cletes, 1 of them brand new $11.00 each. Youth Shawn White, Quicksilver, Zumies & Hurley shirts - $4.99 each GREAT DEAL!On my next trip to Vegas, I will bring a extra suitcase hit all the SAVERS stores and be done with it! I WILL BE BACK!
5	I love savers, I come here often and I always find something. I found some great steals a couple of times. So far the best ones are Jeffrey Campbells I bought for $10, and true religion jeans for $20!! Not to mention I always get work clothes from here. I love their half off days on holidays. The store is always clean and the workers are always nice. I will continue to come here as a loyal shopper!
5	I really like this thrift store then Goodwill! This store is huge, clean, and great items! The men's tops clothing section has great brand name clothes and half of them look almost new! (better than Goodwill). It is pricer then Goodwills but I believe its a better trade for Saver's quality and variety of items then Goodwills cheaper but low quality and variety items.
5	Honestly my favorite thrift store in Las Vegas. It has the largest selection of clothes and they are color coded by tag!!! (Amazing because everywhere else is too lazy to do so). The store is always really neat and every time I come here the staff recognizes me ( I go like 4 times a week). The deals are great and the quality of clothes is all right. My advice for shopping here would be to not purchase items with the original tag because they usually cost a LOT more than your average thrifted item. Other than that the customer service here is awesome and is just a great experience every time!
