5	My husband and I have been going to Jensen Family Medicine for about a year now. We found them online after having enough of the less than spectacular care at our old general practioner.We've seen both Dr. Jensen and his PA, Trevor. Both are excellent. They take the time to listen and ask questions. They fully discuss your treatment and your thoughts on it. They make sure you understand the treatment.My favorite part? They send you home with a summary of your treatment and medications.Other positives are that they usually can get you in the same day which is something our old practioner NEVER could do. They also don't leave you in the lobby or room forever waiting for the Doctor. I've never waited more than 10 minutes to be seen.All round, we highly recommend Dr. Jensen and Trevor!
5	Dr Jensen is the best family practice doctor I have ever had. He cares about his patients, does everything he can to help. When I had moved away I always wished I still had him for my Dr. After moving back he still remembered me and details about me, after more then 2 years. If you need a great doctor, go to him!Dr Jensen is the best family practice doctor I have ever had. He cares about his patients, does everything he can to help. When I had moved away I always wished I still had him for my Dr. After moving back he still remembered me and details about me, after more then 2 years. If you need a great doctor, go to him!Dr Jensen is the best family practice doctor I have ever had. He cares about his patients, does everything he can to help. When I had moved away I always wished I still had him for my Dr. After moving back he still remembered me and details about me, after more then 2 years. If you need a great doctor, go to him!
5	Dr. Jensen and his physician assistant Trevor are both fantastic. Our family of 4 has been with their office for several years and have always received the best care. I appreciate Dr. Jensen's complimentary medicine training and how he is always current with best practices. Gina is so talented at giving shots that my boys rarely cry. I'm now driving from Gilbert to Queen Creek to see them and they are more than worth the drive. I know my family is in great hands and as a Registered Nurse who is in Nurse Practitioner training myself that means a lot.
3	So overall, I'm a fan of Jensen Family Medicine. Dr. Jensen practices integrative medicine, which is the precise reason I chose him. He is not quick to prescribe medication, but instead wants to treat the actual problem, not just the symptoms. This is why I chose him as my infant son's primary care physician, even though he is not a pediatrician. On the other hand, I myself use another doctor, because it is very difficult to get an appointment and I only use my primary care if I am sick and for my yearly check up. Dr. Jensen can be seen easily when scheduled in advance, but it is significantly more difficult if your child is suddenly sick. Additionally, because he is a family practitioner and not a pediatrician, he doesn't keep a large stock of vaccines on hand. So we have had to come back for subsequent appointments to get all of the vaccines my son needed. The lack of vaccines and the difficulty to get last minute appointments has caused me to think of changing doctors numerous times, but I change my mind every time I take my son to see him. He is worth the inconveniences. I will say this though, really understand your insurance before you go. While Dr. Jensen is amazing, his billing staff is not. They are the primary reason I marked down an extra star. They have charged me several co-pays that I was not responsible for and confirmed with my insurance company that I should not have paid. They never got back to me with the refund until I called them today and turns out they did have the information they needed to prove I didn't need to pay, they just weren't going to call me to refund me the money. Kind of sketchy in my opinion. But again, Dr. Jensen has been excellent with my son and I will continue to use him, despite some of the downfalls.
4	I am updating my original review, as they have made some changes. In my original post I noted how difficult it is to get an appointment, particularly a same day appointment. After losing their Physician's Assistant a while ago, they have FINALLY hired a nurse practitioner to the practice. Now there are two physicians to handle appointments and when I called to get my sick son in early this morning, they had several same day appointments available. This is such an improvement! The staff remembers my little guy every time so I appreciate how friendly they all are.I have not dealt with the billing department in a while, so I can't update my review of that aspect of the practice.
