2	I could have had gelato. The G-Spot is also on the way home. I could have had a lot of other things but I was just too lazy to get out of the car.The Beautiful Carin and I were on our way home last night. We attended the terrific Yelp event at La Bocca. I grabbed a biscotto (singular for biscotti) on the way out (delightful...crispy and chocolaty with sweet anise finish) and I really should have been satisfied with that, but Noooooooo! I had to have something else. That turned out to be DQ on Scottsdale Road. If you happen to be going north on Scottsdale Road, you can't successfully "drive through" this DQ unless you successfully "jump the median curb" and "avoid a head on collision"...all possible with all wheel drive, so I was good to go on that front, however, I arrived at the speaker to place my order in a slightly less relaxed state than I had anticipated. So I was less inclined to be forgiving when I ordered a waffle cone and heard my confirmation come back as "&&^&*^~%^^%%$@~%&@%*~^(&(@&(~@^~*^@^@^~*@^". It could have been that they were saying "yes sir, we will have that cone ready for you at the window", but we'll never know.Got my cone ($2.50), and it was already drippy...I know, I know, it's soft serve (that's what she said:), but still, I expect it to maintain a somewhat frosty and cohesive state, and wait until I get out of the drive through before it falls on  my lap. But, I suppose it tasted OK (the part I got to eat instead of wear).So, dripping cone in hand, we now get to try to successfully leave the drive through at DQ and return to our northbound heading...good luck! We were again fortunate that we have all wheel drive, because the driveway is steep enough to be labeled "curb" in most jurisdictions. We bounced out into traffic and now needed to make it across 3 lanes of southbound traffic, make a u-turn across the median and negotiate the northbound traffic flow...with one hand!I was saved by 2 things:I spent part of my youth rodeo-ing (bareback bronc's) and I spent a considerably longer time racing (sports and formula cars). So, even with reflexes and visual acuity dulled by age, I was able to safely negotiate all of the hazards encountered trying to "drive through" DQ.I could have had a cookie.The ice cream stains came right out:)
4	My cone was not drippy at all tonight, and it had way more ice cream than usual.  This Donald S guy must be crazy!  He is right about the entrance/exit debacle, however.
4	Kinda over priced but always taste good.
3	Incompetence is becoming an epidemic.  Last time I went there, I asked for a large chocolate oreo cookie blizzard.  1 mile down the road I realize they put chocolate cookie dough in it.  Then tonight, I asked for the same thing and they repeat back to me "1 large blizzard with oreo cookie dough."  I said, "NO...you did that last time and you ruined it.  I want oreo cookie."  Again, she repeated with cookie dough.  What part of oreo cookie has the word dough in it?!  Finally, some other guy gets on and he does the same thing.  OR-E-O  COOKIE.  Does this have the word dough in it??  NO, what the F*** is the problem?  Same thing, 1 mile down the road, I realized they made it with vanilla ice cream this time instead of chocolate.
4	Don't plan to eat here because they have very little seating, but if you want a Blizzard, a Dilly Bar, a soft serve cone, or an Orange Julius to ward off the triple digit heat of a Scottsdale summer, this is a good place to go.If you want a gelato pr a frozen yogurt, you're in the wrong place.
5	Hadn't had Dairy Queen in ages! Kind of a novelty for when one has been on good behavior I'd say. Anyhow, I pulled up to the (yup!) drive-through and ordered the Banana Cream Pie Blizzard. (Unless for some very odd reason you don't like bananas, cream, or pies,...or banana cream pies - GET THIS!) After my first bite, I was in complete silence with the radio turned off for the rest of my drive home while taking in and savoring every moment of it. True story.
4	Craving some sort of shake or mocha thing, went through the drive through alleyway and the New Smores Shake stuck out like a sore thumb. Got the medium for $3.39 and it was a very large shake with straw and spoon and whipped cream and choc. syrup involved. The graham crackers and marshmallows were in shake form with choc. ice cream and I mostly used the spoon to devour the thing at home. Very good treat once in awhile and it's probably a limited item, so get it now.
3	I mean as far as Dairy Queen's go I've never been to one that just knocked my socks right off my feet.  With that being said, this one isn't anything that I hated either.  I only went through the drive through, but I tell ya what....if you're driving in the night have your spot light out.  Their sign is either dim as all get out or it is just in fact...out.The dessert was just as you'd expect...delicious!  :)  Can't complain about glorious ice cream with a brownie and hot fudge!  So overall, the location is good but it sure would be nice to be able to see it at night!
5	Only great things to say about this place: had a drive thru (not too fat and lazy to walk in but ice cream and December = cold outside), they saw a dog in the car with me and they gave him his own ice cream bowl for free, and the price tag for the ice cream was overall reasonable! Would recommend this location to anyone!
4	It's a Dairy Queen (an now, and Orange Julius...so bonus points).I like Dairy Queen's blizzards. The ones here are good. They have a drive-thru (which can get crowded). The inside seems clean, and there's a patio that seems clean. That's all I got.
1	Went to redeem a birthday coupon. Associates went to make it and the manager came in and stopped them and said they don't honor the birthday recognition. They said the owner won't approve that and that he is rude to his employees. Don't give this DQ your business.
5	Wooooo hooo.  I love dairy queen, and this is my fave location.  I go here for the drive thru since it's pretty quick.  Even better, they saw my little dachshund with me and gave her a puppy bowl of ice cream :)  She ate it all and is happy.  My cookie dough blizzard was great.
4	DQ is a great place to go for family celebrations.  We like the outside seating but tonite there were 3 ladies smoking like crazy. Otherwise, had a great time with great treats.
4	Perfect drive-through experience: flawlessly executed PeanutBuster Parfait and large chocolate dipped cone: perfect softserve texture, excellent topping distribution and dipped, packed to travel beautifully (I drove them home, just under 15 minutes, and they were perfect upon arrival).  The service was super quick and really friendly, to boot.  I'll be back when the DQ craving calls!
4	Terrific drive thru stop on Scottsdale road. Great location and I absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones. I am amaze at how big the large dipped cone is. I'm partial to strawberry, but the chocolate dipped cone is like an ice cream brownie! Great hours too.
4	Cute little place but the decor really needs updating. Sundae had very soft peanuts and blizzard was more like a malt.
3	still love Blizzards after all these years.  This location is close to the house but is a bit dirty, I'd venture farther out of Scottsdale for a cleaner location if we have the time.
1	Seriously unhealthy stuff.
3	I like this DQ, but it's hit and miss on the quality of the product.  Sometimes they get things correctly, and other times not so much.   It's been in this location for years, and it used to be a great place to go!
4	Nice to see long established business doing well.S Scottsdale see many come and go. This evening after a nice meal at China Wok I had desert at DQ.Something as unusual as rain was not deterringa strong drive through and eat in business.Since I ate in I saw what other people were having in main course items as well as a lot of deserts. Everything looked good.I had the chocolated coated waffle bowl.Vanilla with chocolate and strawberries. Very enjoyable.
