3	Got this on Groupon for $25 for 2 people. I would not have paid more. Took 2 hours and mostly walked around hearing about the actual city's history in certain parts, very little about actual spirits. Used divining rods to communicate with spirits where there was several different "answers" on a very windy night. Went to hang out at the Mob Musem parking lot and the guide kind of just left us there for a while to communicate while she texted and bit. Was not much of a tour then she asked for tips at the end. This would be cool for kids and my BF said he liked it but I think that was so that I didn't feel bad since it was my money. Gave us something sober to do and as far as Vegas goes, I guess I could have lost a lot more money in a lot less time.
1	Worst tour ever! It was the guide's first day on job and she started tour with I hope I can remember the script. Tour was over in 50 minutes because she had no more to say. Horrible story teller and nothing to do with being a haunted tour. She even forgot the props to talk with the spirits. Save your money!!
1	I would not recommend this tour to anyone. First the tour guide was late when the reservation states to be at location 15 minutes before start.  Second when the tour guide got there she explains she's new in training because the regular tour guide quit last week.  On top of that there was another tour guide that was waiting with everyone else who is new and also in training.  Blind leading the blind. If the regular tour guide quit last week the company should have replaced that employee right away that is familiar with the area or they should have rescheduled the tour. It kinda makes me wonder why this company can't keep any employees. The lady could not even answer our questions and could not remember some of the info.
1	As a huge fan of the subjects of ghosts and the paranormal,  I was excited to take this tour,  little did I know I would be so disappointed and irritated. My mom and I booked the tour together.  We were 10 minutes late due to closed roads for a huge event going on downtown, we thought we weren't going to make it.  However,  we did find the tour group still standing at the start of the tour. It was confusing as to if it was our group though,  the lady speaking was dressed with her shirt too tight,  her stomach was slightly hanging out of her pants,  and she was clutching a black bag.  She had nothing,  no shirt, badge,  or name tag to identify that she was with spirit expeditions. Also the fact that we just walked right up and joined the group,  she didn't ask for tickets or any sort of confirmation that we paid for the tour was even more strange and unprofessional.  There was a huge dance race and Halloween event going on downtown,  so loud music was blarring, the "guide",  if you even call her that,  kept talking at a low tone and you couldn't hear what she was saying. We ended up walking across the street to the El Cortez where she proceeded to tell history stories more than ghost stories. The guide did not know her stuff,  she was unenthusiastic,  and there were a few things she said that just proved she didn't know her stuff like "the owner of the El cortez died in 2012, or 2013, you know, I'm really not sure." I mean,  really,  come on!!!! So unprofessional.  Then she proceeded to tell us that she was not our official guide and that were were going to take a quick break to wait for our guide.  I could tell other attendees of the tour were annoyed.  Well,  7:45pm rolled around and the guide still hadn't shown up,  so my mom and I looked at each other, walked across the street,  and walked away from the tour group,  who were still waiting for the guide to show up. We knew if we stuck around,  it would have been more of a disappointing waste of time. Walking down Freemont Street on a Saturday night was more entertaining and amusing than this tour.  This event is a joke.  If I could pick zero stars I would.  Also, it took longer than expected to book this tour. You call their number,  the phone rings and rings and then goes to a message saying "leave a message we will call you back within 48 hours"  I left a few messages and it took 5 days to hear back from someone. Their online booking is also inaccurate,  the day I wanted to book stated online that there were 13 spots available,  and when I booked on the phone,  the man told me that only two spots were available. Trying to book with them should have been the first sign that this whole experience would suck!!!! Do not waste your money.  I paid $15 for two people with a coupon from radio shopping show,  but the fact that they charge $25 A PERSON for this tour is ridiculous!!!  I would have been so upset if I paid full price. This company is a joke,  how they are still in business is beyond me.
