4	Conveniently located in Squirrel Hill and with good hours for those of us with unpredictable hours (they open at 6 am!).  They always do a good job and the one time they missed a stain, they took care of it promptly and I had the garment back in a couple days sans (without, for those who don't know French) the stain.  The prices are a little higher than I would like to pay, but then again, I am used to $2 drycleaning in other cities.  I am also a believer that you pay for what you get - and they always do a good job.
1	I needed 13 shirts done in 24 hours.  I called 4 other dry cleaners/launderers and the people on the phone were rude and dismissive.  It's not that crazy! Most cities have 24 hour shirt laundering.  I just came from NYC where there was one on every block. Well - Nu Life was friendly and courteous and helped me out with a smile.  I'll come back here every time.EDIT: I'm changing the rating to 1 star because despite all this courtesy, when I showed up my laundry was sopping wet and unfinished.  I had to take my sloppy wet shirts, pack them in a bag, and get on a plane like a bum.  It's one thing to make promises.  It's another to keep them.
5	I have been using them for a few years now, and aside from their odd location, they are my favorite in Pittsburgh.  When you bring clothing to them it comes back quick and clean, and does not cost an arm and leg.  They earned my service when my fiance brought in a winter jacket that had accumulated some bad stains, they said they tried to clean it and just couldn't get everything out so there was no charge.  How many other companies would do that?
4	I'm starting to feel as though I'm the kiss of death to dry cleaners; as soon as I find one I like, it closes. I hope that isn't the case because my experience at NuLife will keep me coming back.I needed to have my comforter cleaned and I initially to it to Colonial Cleaners, but they wouldn't do it and told my to wash it at home. If it was possible, I would have been doing that in the first place. That ended up working to my advantage because I found myself at NuLife. The woman behind the counter was super sweet and couldn't believe I was turned away beforehand. I dropped it off on a Thursday and told her I was in no rush for it to be done so she told me to pick it up on the following Tuesday.I didn't ask for a quote but I'm sure she would have given me one. Just the comforter  ended up costing $50 which I thought was kind of high though I don't remember how much it cost before because we had several different items we took with it. It was worth it, whatever the cost. They did a great job with it, the staff were friendly and its supporting a small, local business.
2	Where to start. Well I have been searching for a good dry cleaner for a while now to no avail, so this is going to be long, but a good read.I started at New Oakland Tailor - great tailor, still go there, but writes names in shirts, not a fan as I am not a six year old. So I started searching for another place.Found this gem (read: sarcasm). Have brought my clothes here for six months or so. They clean shirts well, but they are best at breaking buttons (which they replace free of charge as they should). In the six months I was there they broke five buttons on two shirts and blamed the shirts saying "they must have the thick buttons". Indeed the shirts do have thicker buttons, but most higher quality shirts do, and considering they charge $2.50 a shirt ($5 for pants which I will get to in a minute) I expect my buttons not to be smashed every time. Let me start over with this one though, on first sight the place is a dump, but I got over that because I dont care what it looks like if they can clean my shirts. I walk in, nice little old lady greeted me and my first question was "how do you tag shirts". A chubby, squirrely looking fellow said they write names, I said I do not want my name written in my shirt, it ruins them and looks childish. He said he has a magic marker that does not do that, I stated again I did not want my shirts to be written in. After a five minute exchange about his magic marker they relented and decided to use safety pins with a piece of paper to mark my shirts (fine by me). The $2.50 a shirt didnt bother me, but it did bother me that I had to constantly worry about whether or not they would write in my shirts and having to constantly remind them not to was annoying. I got over it until button number five was smashed. Now to the pants, do not take pants there. They do not understand what a permanent crease is and will double crease your pants making you look like a fool (i.e. me) with two creases down the middle of your pant leg. After I got to this realization I took my pants back to New Oakland Tailor (great at pants and doesnt write in them). On my last trip to NuLife, I went in at 630am to pick up my last set of shirts before finding a new dry cleaner. They say they open at this time and it is convenient, well that is if they actually did open up then. I was there at 630am and waited until 710am before I left took my dry cleaning to Thrifty Cleaners (I am praying to little baby jesus that they know how to clean shirts, although I was charged $24 for 8 shirts, but worth it if it they dont ruin shirts with markers or smash buttons, but my hopes are not high. As a side note they said they do not use markers). Back to NuLife, so I dropped my stuff of at Thrifty Cleaners, then went back to NuLife and finally they were open, picked up my stuff and will never be returning to that crap hole. In summation for those who want me to land my plane:Pros - clean shirts well, price is fine, mom and pop shopCons - dumpy place, write in your shirts (or throw fits about it if you do not want that), double crease your pants, smash buttons at an alarming pace.All in all, another dry cleaner bites the dust. Thrifty is up next.
1	I made an account on Yelp just to review this place.  It is without question the worst dry cleaner I have ever been to.  I've gone a number of times because it is convenient to where I live, but I've had enough.They do not get stains out, they give clothes back worse than they get them, they write your name in ink on your shirts, and they take forever on top of all that.I hope this place goes out of business.  They are horrific.
