5	Had a wonderful evening at the opening of Botanica.  Bought some very entertaining things and had to leave some behind, but that means more for you to enjoy.  It is a fabulous collection of art, home decor, food items, cards and just plain fun.  It is the perfect destination shopping -- satisfy your hunger at The Farm and then wander back to Botanica to quench your hunger for unique gifts -- for both you and your friends.
4	What a lovely little jewel!I've always been a fan of The Farm at South Mountain...coming out with friends on Saturday morning for farmer's market and breakfast, or with family for lunch. We've also enjoyed many a good meal at Quiessence. Now, there's a new shop full of lovely beautiful things for yourself, your home and as gifts. Botanica is located toward the back of the farm. It displays local foodstuffs (pasta, olive oil, salsa, finishing salts, amazing caramel sauce...), local art (photos, pottery, paintings, jewelry, light fixtures), furniture (lovely vintage pieces including a chair I would love to have if I had the space), home decor, gardening stuffs, and personal care items such as some divine honey shea butter creams....Shop managers Lisa and Rosemary are friendly, knowledgeable of all the items and just a delight to talk to. Recommendation for turning a dull day bright? Grab a friend, head to the Farm, have a light lunch and then buy yourself (or each other) something special at Botanica.
3	Very small little store, with a limited selection of locally made foods such as handmade pasta, and jars of goat-milk caramel. There's also some bath and beauty supplies, and decorations for the house. The items here have either a bit of a shabby chic vibe, or have some focus on nature, and can be a bit surreal (e.g., I saw an antique-looking picture frame with a photograph of an antebellum-styled papillon spaniel and poodle for sale). If you're a tourist visiting the Farm, are looking for a gift for someone that likes locally produced items, or like slightly quirky, shabby-chic or nature-focused type decor, it's a nice place to shop. I was hoping for more food items since the description of this store says it's a market, and I was envisioning more of a food market. Just come in here expecting to see a little bit of everything for the house (Coffee mugs, framed photographs, aprons, hand-made soaps) and you won't be disappointed.
