1	Don't go to this location.  The selection isn't as good as the larger stores and the customer service is horrible.  I am a big fan of Office Max and my wife buy's all the supplies for her business from them.  However, every time we go to the store at Tempe Marketplace we are met with sales associates who go out of their way to NOT be helpful.Go to the 917 E Broadway Road or 1110 W Elliot Road store instead.  The sales associates there will go out of their way to help you.
3	My wife and I had a small issue here the other day.  After about an hour of trying out each of their office chairs, my wife finally decided on the one she wanted to purchase.  We took the ticket thing up to the register and that's when things went downhill.....The cashier lady informed us that the chair was out of stock which normally wouldn't be a super huge problem at another store.  She then checked the warehouse and a few other local stores and there were none to be found.  We reasonably offered to wait until they received more in stock and take a rain check because the chair was on sale.  We were then informed that it is their policy not to offer rain checks and that they have no clue when they would be getting more of the chairs in stock.  Ah, then I used the ole' noggin and figured that the display chair must be an extreme rarity and could be worth millions so I offered to buy that one.  Again we received the "against our policy" crap.We were super pissed because normally people at Office Max are very accommodating and really try to help.  I suggest to my wife that she write their corporate office an email, which she did.  About a week went by and to our amazement  received a phone call from the store's manager.  He apologized and offered to send my wife the chair at the sale price.  Unfortunately we had already purchased a different chair 2 days prior at the Office Max on Broadway, but it was very nice that he called and tried to make things right.  I'm not sure why it took a week to get a call, but whatever....
4	I ended up driving past this location by accident after turning in the wrong entrance at Tempe Marketplace but decided to park and go in to ask a specific question: Is there such a thing as a portable printer designed for cell phone users who travel and use their Android phone for internet so we can print out coupons, directions, even a recipe directly from the phone without connecting to a computer.  I found clerks who were knowledgeable and told me there was no such product, unfortunately.  One did suggest if I was near a wireless printer and had my phone programmed for it I could print on that.  I left feeling they had helped me even though the answer was no.  And they referred me to Fry's Electronics for further research.
