4	I got a call from a friend the other night that a new sushi bar had opened across from her  local laundromat. Not knowing exactly what to expect from a sushi bar called "SakeBomber" I diligently made my way down to Tempe to check this place out, hoping to find another great sushi happy hour (which runs Monday through Friday 5-7 p.m. as I write this review).I definitely got the nightclub vibe from SakeBomber. It was low lit with colored lights lighting the bar, there were flat screen TV showing sports and hip-hop music playing just slightly too loud (perhaps they're taking a page from the Ra play book).There was no wait for a table during the Wednesday night happy hour. I ordered edamame, a crispy california roll and a spicy salmon roll. My friend got a spicy tuna roll and a crispy eel roll. While we didn't do any SakeBombs (hey, you wanted a legible coherent review right?) we did enjoy some $1 warm sake.I'd love to write you something more descriptive here... but all I can really come up with is that "the sushi was pretty good." I enjoyed it, but it didn't knock me off my feet (although the spicy salmon was actually spicy, a nice change from most other places I've tried in the valley). The rolls were slightly larger than what gets served at Sushi 101 (what I would classify as SakeBomber's most direct competition). The only problem I have with this is that it gets difficult to get the entire roll in your mouth in one try.After reading everything above, you might be thinking to yourself, "Why the heck did he give this place four stars?" Price. Although this wasn't the best sushi in the world and I personally didn't care for the atmosphere, as I write this, the happy hour menu is probably the most reasonably priced I've found. Edamame and two rolls during happy hour  was only $11.I'm definitely going back to SakeBomber... not only do I want to try some things on the non-happy hour menu that looked enticing, continuing to go at happy hour will hopefully keep the sushi monkey on my back from continuing to eat a hole in my pocket.
4	Alright, so here's the thing:  I like to drink.  It's something I do well, and I figure that anything you can do well should be done often.  With that being said, I do not take it lightly when a restaurant names itself after an alcoholic beverage (we'll get to Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville later).That being said, it was my brother of all people who introduced me to Sake Bombers.  He said to me "Las Vegas rolls, chicken wings and a sake bomber will do you just right."  He wasn't lying.The problem that people may have with me reviewing a sushi bar is that I don't eat seafood.  I'm allergic to a lot of it.  So you may be thinking "Why in the shit am I reading this, you twit?"  Well, because I'm not allergic to alcohol or appetizers, two things that Sake Bombers does well.  The chicken wings they serve have an Asian influence and a spice to them, though I wouldn't call them spicy.  They're a dry rub, not sauced, and they're swear-to-god delicious.  Now, I don't eat sushi, but I'm told by all that accompanied us that the Las Vegas roll, with jalapeno in it, and the White Castle roll, with cream cheese and horseradish, are delicious alternatives to the more standard fare.As far as the alcohol goes, during happy hour you can get warm sake for $1, a full bomber set for $5, and a Kirin or other Japanese beer for $4.  They have a variety of other cocktails and such, so every type of drinker will be pleased.The mood is right, tv's and music playing, the crowd is mixed between college-types and after-work specials, and the service is good.  If you don't go to Sake Bombers, I'll fight you.
4	Sushi in Phoenix is a touchy subject. But, some friends had heard good things about Sake Bombers so we decided to drink away the week there. We were seated immediately and our server, who had a great butt, came over and asked for our drinks. We ordered some baked tofu and also edamame. Baked tofu was awesome and the miso soup was good too. As for the sushi, a friend ordered the Vegas roll and she said the jalepenos on it were kinda unnecessary. I had an avocado roll and the veggie roll sans cream cheese which were both good.Sake Bombers gets a -1 star for letting us continue to drink sake...two bottles of sake between three girls. And gets another -1 on the fact that our server, mr. cute butt, did not ask for our phone numbers. Scratch that...it wins one star back for the excellent service and very friendly staff.
3	S has been on Yelp searching cool places for me to try during my visit here to the Phoenix area.Being away from home and wanting some comfort food, S suggested that I try Sake Bomber to get my sushi fix. The location was in close proximity to my hotel so I made arrangements for transportation to the restaurant. The staff at the front desk mentioned that the food there was pretty good.So, let's put that into perspective...I'm sure that there are many fine restaurants in the Phoenix area. When I'm visiting I love to experience restaurants (not chain) to get a taste of the local flavor. I'll have to say that SakeBomber is not the best representative of what Japanese food should be...I arrived during happy hour and the wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. I had imagined that I might be able to catch up on some reading while dining - but this was not the case. A patron of the restaurant, who thought he was being funny, was loud and demanding more drinks from the server. The dark interior, dim lighting and thumping music wasn't conducive to a serene dining experience. Oh well, I was here to get my sushi fix. I'm thinking that I shouldn't judge on appearances and maybe, just maybe, the sushi would redeem the thoughts that were going through my head.First came the gyoza and agedashi tofu. The gyoza was ok, but was very disappointed with the agedashi. I'm used to the agedashi dishes from Gombei or Hoshi's - piping hot chunks of creamy deep friend tofu, swimming in that wonderful sauce, covered with bonito flakes, grated ginger and radish. Instead I got chunks of barely warm firm tofu arranged on a platter with tempura sauce and sprinkled with a few green onions. I was hungry so, I ate it. I must admit that the salmon skin roll was the best deal of it all - 8 pieces of salmon skin nigiri with grilled asparagus and carrots. It was filling as well as yummy. I also had smoke salmon and hamachi maki. The fish was not the best I ever had, but I think that the sake I had during dinner helped the experience along with watching the snow boarding competition on the big screen TV behind the bar. I called the hotel shuttle to pick me up after dinner. I had to chuckle when the driver asked, "How in the world did you end up at SakeBombers?""You see," I told him. "It was like this..."
4	To be honest with you I really don't have any reason to not give it the full 5 stars. I guess I am saving that negative star for sometime in the future, nobodys perfect. 1. The atmosphere : I really enjoyed the lighting, It wasn't bright like some places I have been to, and it wasn't dark like others (ra). I really liked the art behind the bar and the over all feel of the place. It also had kind of a sweet smell? My only complaint was the music that was being played, It was some R & B hip hop type crap. Maybe it wouldn't have been so obnoxious if they had turned it down a little.2, The Service: Awesome! Our server stopped by our table to refill our drinks the second it looked like we finishing them up. She was also kind enough to point out this guy that was carrying a giant knife on his hip, or as she said "do you see the guy with the machete on his side" .3. The SUSHI : All we had were rolls this time. I saw a couple of rolls that I had never seen before "Boston California roll" and a couple of others, but that one.. Holey SHIT! Amazing! I really like their take on the Las Vegas Roll. SUSHI ROLLS = A+Thats all I got. Now I am going to go talk shit on Zen 32 and TV and Sushi.
1	Okay so I don't want to bring my 6 year old into a sushi restaurant. Its Saturday and I call for take out, thinking we've done Ra and Sushi 101 so lets try Bombers. We brought home sashimi, tataki and sushi. Its priced between Ra and Sushi 101 but both my husband and I thought it was meh at best, blech at worst. Maybe its a better experience if you're there and drinking, but we were not impressed. Its not impeccable fish, its just okay.
3	Ah yes, American sushi.    White, frat boy sushi chefs.   The server was under 21 so her friend had to drop off the drinks as she followed here to the table.It's an alright place, not bad for ASU but that's where the buck stops. The asparagus app. was good. The rolls were good.  We didn't get sick, good.Smoking hot Asian hostess..... arrrrrrrr...............
5	Fuck it - I'm giving this place 5 stars. It's far too easy to be a sushi snob I guess - which is funny since we're in Arizona - but I meet them all the time. It's also kinda funny to me how sushi-lovers love to hate sushi restaurants. It's like you ask a sushi fanatic where to go and they snidely scoff and mumble something about an exotic little place off the coast of wherever that they've probably only been to once if at all and suggest you might as well pick up a steamy dog shit off the lawn and eat that if you're going to eat at whatever place you were asking about. I think it's meant to make the rest of us feel stupid for not being an expert. Well I'm a novice - I've only been to about a dozen different sushi places probably less than 50 times. I like the stuff, but I'm not from Japan or anything... I don't have it in my blood. I just know what I like and I tend to get the same or similar things wherever I go. So given my experiences with sushi places and restaurants in general, I have to say this place is great. The servers were friendly and attentive, the decor was nice and kinda swanky without being overdone, the music sucked but wasn't too loud, and the food was quite good. If that doesn't make a 5 star joint, I don't know what does.We had a roll and a teriyaki chicken dish from the menu along with a small bottle of sake that we bombed. Everything was crazy good. Oh, and we had edemame as well. The roll was pretty huge compared to most places and the chicken dish was ridiculously huge. For all the food we had, the prices were pretty reasonable. To be honest, I expected this place to suck. The location, the outside, the name, etc... it all kinda gave the impression this wasn't going to be any good. Well, it was... so I guess... don't judge a book by its cover? This isn't a chain, it doesn't smell fishy inside (at least it didn't when I was there), and it's clean. Compared to places like zen32 or stingray, this place holds its own. I think it kicks Ra in the ass - and I kinda like Ra okay. I ventured into the bathroom and it was clean and nice, but a little hodge-podgey (2 different styles of sink)... nice though... and clean. I was actually a little shocked to see so many negative reviews after enjoying it so much... I guess that's the beauty of this site - it's all opinions, so nobody gets to be "right" and nobody has to be "wrong." If you're like me and you enjoy your Americanized sushi restaurant grills, you may really enjoy this. If you're a sushi genius, your mileage may vary.
5	So, I visited Phoenix recently and some of my friends took me out for Sushi at SakeBomber's.  "I thought, sushi in the desert are you kidding me?"  But being 26 and adventurous, I thought, why not.  We arrive, and to be honest, the exterior was a little awkward, it wasn't your typical family Japanese restaurant with an old lady at the front greeting you.  We walk in and was pleasantly surprised as this was a restaurant people like me and the rest of my friends.  Young working class people.  Our hostess fixed our table right away, as we had a party of 10 people, we were rolling 3 cars deep.  We sat down, and were again surprised by the pricing of both the food and the drinks.  This was the beginning of a LEGEN (wait for it) DARY night.  My friends ordered the full sakebomber set for $5 bucks, that's the price for 1 beer at other places.  So it was a great deal.  We ordered a bunch of rolls, but i specifically remember these rolls.  The lollipop roll (which was fantastic and refreshing), the spicy salmon really packed a punch and was really delicious, I mean you find this roll at every restaurant but it was very satisfactory.  Finally the soft shell crab roll was both crunchy on the inside and well wrapped so it didn't fall apart.Honestly, all the above reviews, aren't wrong, just these people don't know what a trendy restaurant looks like.  This is a great place for young people and the food is really reasonably priced.  If you're young and sexy, this is the restaurant for you.  If you're old and hip, this is the restaurant for you, if you're old and dumb, then don't eat at this place.  Just think about the restaurant name "Sake Bomber Sushi" does that sound kid friendly?  would you take your kid to a place called "Irish Car Bomb Potatos"? I think this place was awesome, don't take my word for it, go check it out for yourself.Went back to it when I was back in Phx, it was better than I remembered it.  Man, people are literally dumb, this is a cool place for cool people, if you ain't it, don't go and don't bring your kids and then complain about it... if you're looking for a good time, this is the place, Head Chef Eric always hooks me up.
3	Disclaimer: I like sushi. I don't love sushi. I don't crave sushi. When some one mentions that we should go get sushi, I am usually pretty neutral. When I get to a sushi place, I am excited about sushi. I always order too much sushi and can't eat it all. I've been to Sake Bombers twice now and thought I would throw together a review. All in all, it's a bit better than average. I'd probably give it a 3.5 if I could. It's a far cry from traditional sushi, but that's fine with me. In fact, my favorite thing we got last time was the Chimichanga Roll that had chicken in it and some killer salsa to dip it in. The more standard rolls are good as well and the girl likes it and she's got much better taste in sushi than I do. Price wise its very reasonable for sushi and if you want a good place to knock back a few for a nice low price, the aptly named Sake Bombers definitely fits the bill.
4	Great sushi.   I was surprised about how good the sushi was.  It looked like a converted Village Inn, on the outside (and it was), but do not let that fool you.    Its really good sushi and its nice inside.   And compared to some of the other over priced Sushi places in town, its the best value.     Happy hours are good too
5	Sake Bomber is my absolute favorite sushi restaurant for a number of reasons.1. The service is great! Everything ordered is brought out ASAP and the staff is very friendly and helpful. After only a couple visits, the manager and staff recognized us and knew our preferences.2. The prices are reasonable. This isn't some basement bargain sushi but it's not going to empty your wallet either. For those that are on a bit of a budget, they have great happy hour and reverse happy hour deals as well as daily food and drink specials.3. The food selection is great and so is the taste. This is one of the only sushi places I can bring my non-sushi-eating friends and we are all happy with what we ordered.In addition, the atmosphere here is great. It's not blaring music like it's a dance club, but it's certainly not dull. The decor is great and they often have sports on half their TVs and other programming on the rest (I believe they had G4 on the last time I was there).After looking over my review, it's clear I'm not a good writer. Oh well. The point I'm trying to make is that this is a great place and I highly recommend it to everyone.
5	Loved it! I was visiting from NYC with a few friends, and we decided to try this place. We were pleasantly surprised. The sashimi was fresh, the rolls were original and very creative, and the staff and management were extremely friendly to our table.  I personally enjoyed the casual environment- a fun crowd, hip music in the background, espn on their plasma screens, etc. I'm a big sushi fan, and Sake Bomber did not disappoint!
3	Eh...it was cheap but the tuna that came with my salad wasn't that high quality.  They don't salt the edamame, but they are bigger than most sushi bars.I don't think I would come back here, even for the drinks.Not the most inspiring Yelp review, but the restaurant wasn't either.
2	anniversary party fo rme and my guy.12 ppl.waiter...rueben was miserable. drinks never refilled took forever, shots took forever. forgot to take a persons order...soup came after the meal for a person. no interest inus did not care bc gratutity was already added. my chardonnay was awful. not a good expereince. my calamari was "steak" style he sold it looking as a "fishstick"...not good. everything came out late or wrong.happy hour prices are not even that great. the restaurant looks nice inside but the servers and food need to change or this place is going to disappear.
4	When I'm broke but have an expensive appetite.. and the yearning to get slightly tipsy, this place does the job. I love getting the Las Vegas rolls, and basically anything with cream cheese.. top it off with some sakebombs and wohoo, I'm a happy girl! It's not as fancy as RA, but I love the chill atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite places out here!
4	Ok, so the sushi/food itself only really deserves about 3 stars but the fourth star is what makes my friends and I always come back.  During happy hour sake bombs are $5 and they do amazing $3 shots with cute little fruity names like 'green gummy bear' and 'orange sunkist' now you're never going to get tipsy off of one of their $3 shots...that's why you have a minimum of three! Just think of it this way...if you're out at a club you're going to be spending about $10/shot anyway, but at SakeBombers, you're getting 3 for the price of one...are you following? I guess what is also amazing about this place is that it is RIGHT across the street from my house which means my friends and I can walk and there is real no excuse for anyone to not drink :0) come with some friends for happy hour and have some fun!
5	I was not expecting great sushi from a location that was formerly a Village Inn.   Fortunately the VI is long gone and the sushi was very good.    Its better than most of the other sushi places around and not too hard on the wallet.
3	When I was a sophomore in college (okay, not forever long ago, but a few years), this was a known place in the surrounding area of campus that didn't card...which for some people was a very enticing idea, so there were many an event held there (mostly clubs and orgs that had both 21+ and underage members).Now if you want to drink at Sake Bomber's, you had better be ready to get carded at the door and wear a wristband for the night.  Its totally not a big deal (if you're over 21), and probably a smart move on their part business-wise so they don't get busted.The sushi at Sake Bomber's is decent--its not over-the-top amazing, and certainly not bad.  This place does go a little over the top on selections though.  There are so many rolls, appetizers, specials, dinners, to choose from--its a little intense, and perhaps overwhelming for the indecisive order-er.  The prices are average for sushi.  The ambiance is a cross between a lounge and a sports bar.Sake Bomber probably isn't your best bet for sushi in Tempe, and certainly not in all of the Phoenix Metro Area, but its a good place to go when you want to mix it up in Tempe (maybe you've been going to Sushi 101 every night) or for big groups.
4	My second time here was a lot of fun. It started out a bit rocky though, but was quickly turned around.We walked in and immediately noticed how uncomfortable warm and stale the restaurant was. We were seated promptly by the friendly hostess and given our menus (which were promptly snatched away by my friend who decided to order for all of us).Now the recent is decent sized, and there were only 3 other tables occupied, but it took between 10 and 15 minutes before we were acknowledged by our server and another 5 before she took our drink orders. Or drinks were quickly brought to us and or appetizers then sushi came quickly after. The server was friendly and adjusted the air for us which made remarkable improvement on our comfort level.For appetizers we had the edamame, which was good, Can't really screw that up though (although I prefer mine cold). We also had the tempura sampler with onion, shrimp, potato, and sweet potato. All were tasty and perfectly cooked. The potato was my favorite.For sushi, we had the dragon roll, evil roll, and the play boy.All were wonderful, but the evil roll was by far my favorite and I loved the sauce it came drowned in. Could have had a bit more heat to it but it was soooo good!
2	The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is because I've been here before and experienced better!I understand that they "allegedly" were caught serving alcohol to a minor but seriously waiting up front and having to receive a wrist band to get one of the awful drinks was a waste of my time!! So yes the drink was awful! It tasted so fake and nasty! Bad cheap vodka.The salmon nigiri was bad bad bad bad bad!! OMG! BAD!! The playboy roll was not good either! It was an all around bad experience!! I may never be back here when their are several sushi places in the area that have yet to let me down.
3	This place redeemed itself the last time the boyfriend and I went. When he said, "You're not going to like what I say," when I asked what he wanted for dinner, I knew that he would suggest something I had previously complained about. The time before this, I was appalled that I had to wear a wristband for my (relatively) expensive meal. I'm not going to a club or a concert so having my I.D. scrutinized in 484 different ways then told to wear a paper-plastic bracelet seems really silly.  I did hear it was because they were busted for underage drinking more than once so it's for legitimate reasons.Ok back to the present. We went through the whole wristband crap all over again, were seated by the courteous hostess. So far so good. We ordered Kirin and cheap sake for $7 a pop. Sushi comes out and everything is pretty tasty. Boyfriend got the "spank me" and "playboy" roll which he finally had to courage to order without embarassment. After our meal, the hostess and what I assume to be a manager and owner brought out this strawberry sauce smore thingy for free and told us that she has seen us in there a lot and wanted us to keep coming back.  A FAR better experience than before--possibly because it wasn't sakebomber frat night and the hoes were'nt hadn't come out to play but I did rather enjoy myself.
5	A good little Sushi joint not far from our house. Good specials and overall pricing. Every bit as good as an expensive Scottsdale Sushi Bar, without the additional strain on the wallet. Las Vegas roll, soft shell crab appetizer and the baked mussels are always good choices.
2	This place isn't terrible but....I've had better.The outside is tacky and it was hard to find the entrance. The set up is just weird, its more of a bar than a sushi place. Like a run down bar not a nice bar or even Applebees equivalent. Wait time for your food was long. The sushi fell apart easily and the Crunch Roll was more gritty like sand than "crunchy". They are trying, I will be back in few months to try it again. Hope its better.
4	The Rolls are fantastic! My girlfriend (who loves Sushi even more than I do) says that SakeBomber has the best in the valley, and she may be right. Since she's the expert, we went with some of her favorite signature rolls, and a cucumber salad. All the picks were top notch. If you like your food with a spicy kick, go for the Playboy roll. It was awesome. The prices are very reasonable and it also wasn't too crowded.  We arrived just before 7:00 on a Friday night and were immediately seated.While the food is fantastic, the place itself is full of negatives.  The good news is none of them are big enough to stop me from coming back, but here are some of them: The first question by the hostess after asking how many are in our party was 'will you be drinking tonight?' Turns out she cards you, then gives you a wristband. While I can understand that later at night (during reverse happy hour), I'm not a fan of having to eat my dinner at 7pm wearing a cheap piece of paper on my arm.SakeBomber's decor looks more like it's trying to be a Sushi bar.  Not quite the upscale look most go for, but they went for the poor man's try.  That may actually be a plus now that i think about it.  You can dress down at this Sushi bar and not feel out of place.They also don't take American Express (my card of choice). Who doesn't take AmEx in this day and age?
4	you absolutely have to try the lollipop roll - it's my all-time favorite. also give their lychee martini a shot. mmm mmm good. dooooo iiiiiit.
4	Love their sushi! I prefer this place over "Ra" because it's never overcrowded. They have a decent happy hour, and their prices aren't bad either.
3	We've been going to SakeBomber for a long time now, and we've always found the sushi and the atmosphere very serviceable. I love the Fiesta Roll. It's got the perfect blend of fresh fish with a spicy kick, without overwhelming the flavor of the fish. One of the more unique rolls on the menu. Eric and Steve, the head sushi chefs, always make great sushi, and are willing to go off the menu if you ask them to (provided it's not too busy). The bar is average at best. Stick to sakebombers, straight shots, or just beer. The mixed drinks are over-priced and under-poured. They look nice, but they don't get the job done. Overall, SB's is a great place to get good sushi at reasonable prices.
4	I'm not a sushi expert by any stretch, but suffice to say that the rolls here are well-priced, fresh-tasting, and overall pretty damn delicious, with good presentation. I'm not a fan of their tea, but that's just a personal preference, I think. I enjoy the Las Vegas, but the Spank Me roll was really good as well. We usually mix and match our way around, and right now they're running a "happy day" 4pm-9pm special on a lot of their rolls which makes them cheaper by $1-$3, each. Definitely worth it.Good service, laid back vibe, even if the decor is a little "college dorm" with the lighting, but overall, fun, good food, and affordable.
3	When I first moved into my place in Tempe, I took a good look around the neighborhood and I saw a Thai place, a coffee shop of death, A decent taquieria, Ted's Hot Dogs and SakeBomber Sushi & Grill. I thought I was set. There was even a Native New Yorker for all the Natives to conveine at. I thought I was SET!I ventured across the street to sakebomber. It doesn't look like much from the outside but when you get inside, it's dark and modern and what some aging hipster thought was cool. The menu is varied and the sushi selection is the usual suspects. It's average sushi. Nothing to write yelp about. But I did like the Chicken Katsu. I haven't been here in a bit, but it's okay. For the sushi novices, I think this is a perfect place to get used to the flavors of sushi. But for the sushi master, this place will not do... maybe in a pinch but with an even better sushi joint one block south, it's not worth it. I say go with friends who want to try out sushi.
4	Excellent food! The Hot Sake was the only disappointment. Great service too.
4	$2 sake during happy hour + me = pure bliss. We had a really good time here. had Drinks and apps and everything was very good. Spring rolls are bomb! okay due to the fact that sake was only $2  a round lead me to learn the hard way that it is possible to drink to much sake...let's just say the next morning was one of those where recollections of the night before trickle in slowly throughout the day..but all in all i was very pleased with my experience. Did not do dinner but dinner looks very appealing and we will def be back to try. Cool, mellow atmosphere. Pretty big place and good size crowd as well. Service was good as well, they do ask you before they seat you if you will be drinking and they give you a wristband to wear. def recommend trying this place during happy hour!
4	In from out of town ..... Really glad we stopped here.... Excellent food nice atmosphere if I was planning to be in AZ more often I would bookmark this place.
5	I am a local and have been frequenting Sakebomber for a little over a year now, and I have to say it's my favorite sushi restaurant. I've tried several sushi places in the area and the best bang for your buck exists at Sakebomber.I have tried a majority of their specialty rolls and although I have picked out which are my favorites, I am usually satisfied with trying something new. My absolute favorite is the lollipop roll, then the fiesta roll and spank me roll. The sashimi is very good. You have to ask the sushi chefs if they have any great fish, as the quality of each whole fish is different from the next, and they will let you know if one of the selections is exceptionally good that day. They cut fish fresh most days or every day, so the quality will vary between your visits.As far as drink selection, it's definitely a girly mixed drink-focused drink menu. If you are looking for high quality alcoholic beverages, don't hold your breath. But if you're looking for a place to have a few drinks over dinner with friends, Sakebomber is a good choice.Overall, this is usually the first choice for me for sushi, only second when I'm trying a new restaurant.
4	Me and the husband usually go for their "reverse happy hour." I'm pretty happy with the pricing and with the overall quality of the food. Yeah they do make you wear a 21+ wristband, but I don't blame them trying to keep their liquor license. I'm definitely a fan of the spicy tuna rolls and the crispy california. They're both amazing and decently priced; around $3-4.50 per roll during reverse happy hour. $4 kirin's, $5 mixed drinks... Their reverse happy hour is 9-close.
5	We've never had a bad time. It's our favorite sushi place at anytime of day. The set-up inside is contemporary, but not too much. Great staff, great food & with happy hour & reverse happy hour, it's happy hour literally all day long. They now serve for lunch too. Our favorite is the Firecracker roll. We get it every time even though it's one of the more expensive one's, but be careful with its habenaro sauce(use sparingly. You can also order that sauce as a side anytime). The sauce is bomb! & all the rest is always fresh and good! The sake bombers are a decent price & my friends always have a few while I have an icy cold Kirin. Totally worth checking out, but leave a place for us on Fridays!
5	I apologize to my fellow yelpers, but anyone who doesn't give this place 5 stars is out of their mind.  I am a Southern California native, I KNOW good sushi, and this is by far the best place in Tempe to go.  I am willing to say it's the best sushi I've had while living in Arizona.  These rolls are not like the skimpy ones you'll find at Ra and they're cheaper, especially during happy hour.  I will say that a lot of the rolls are spicy, and I love spicy, so that could be why I am obsessed with Sakebomber!  The staff is the best, too!!  If you have not tried this place, and you love sushi, you are definitely missing out!
5	This place was a pleasant surprise!  We are vegetarian and found a lot of choices on the menu. The veggie spring rolls are awesome, vegetable tempura also very good. Everything we ate was exceptional, including the veggie roll sushi. I was also impressed that their house sake, on happy hour, was actually good tasting. I was used to places using cheap tasting sake. Again, another pleasant surprise. We are happy to have found this place and will be back!
3	Meh, Not terrible but not great. Sushi was ok, service was ok, and prices were ok. The ambiance had a very ostentatious feel to it that I didn't enjoy. Not a bad experience but would go somewhere else when craving sushi
5	I've been saying for a few years now that this place has the best sushi in the valley.  (yes, better than the expensive places in Scottsdale)  I think other people are starting to notice because when I first started going here the place used to be mostly empty, this last weekend I had to wait to get a table.  It was totaly worth the short wait, the food it always awsome and I'm glad to see this place getting the attention it deserves.
4	Sake Bomber is too legit to quit.The pricing is reasonable and they serve large, delicious rolls. The location is kinda sketch and it looks like the building is possibly abandoned. But, it cranks out those bad boy rolls like you wouldn't believe. Try the Tasty Tuna, it's awesome! It's basically a shrimp tempura roll, topped with spicy tuna, eel sauce, and tempura flakes. Mmmmm. Goodness I'm craving one now! The shrimp tempura, Boston roll, and tootsie maki also do not disappoint. I'm sure everything on their menu is decent.I give them kudos too for always making a special, made-to-order roll for my boyfriend and I every time we come in. Try it--- it's made with rice, fried calamari, cream cheese, and topped with eel sauce and tempura flakes. :)
3	Its okay, The sushi is good, but there rice is kind of hard. Being an asian person and living in Los Angeles, I have to say this is not as good as sushi in NYC or LA.It is way better than sushi 101.And way better than the franchise Kabuki
4	Just had my first experience at Sakebomber! My boyfriend and i got the chicken scewers, rainbow row, cali roll, crunchy cali roll, catepillar and tootsie. The catepillar roll and the crunchy cali were average. Everything else was AWESOME. I highly recommend the rainbow roll, and their cali rolls were pretty impressive as well. Tootsie roll was fantastic. Overall it was a good experience. Much better sushi than raw, but still not my favorite place overall. Best place was Zen 32. OH and go during happy hour! Otherwise, it could get a bit expensive.
4	This place is fun, relax and CHEAP. Their happy hour specials are always happening which means you can eat and drink like an emperor and get out of there for about $20 a person. If you like spicy food AND Japanese, this is definitely your new spot. Everything I've had here has been good, and its a great place to bring people.
5	This place is really more like a 4.5 in my opinion. I just went there tonight for reverse happy hour/ dinner with the BF after both of us having school for around 12 hours today (ugh). We needed a drink. Well, we decided on Sakebomber because it is close to our house and because the place we were originally going to try (Saketini) didn't have reverse happy hour until ten. Anyway, I'm glad we gave this place a shot. It looked a little sketchy from the outside, but the inside was nice and comfortable. We got ID'd at the door and given bracelets, which was a bit weird, but fine with me. Also, the hostess was a really sweet girl, so it made it less weird. We were sat, and our awesome waitress, Joy, came by to get drink orders fairly quickly. The BF got a beer (asaki... I think) and I got the Bahama Mama on Joy's recommendation. They cost 4 and 5$ respectively. My drink was wonderful! It was all banana-y and coconutish and just delicious. So we ordered cucumber rolls, gyoza, spring salad, and the chimichanga rolls. The BF liked the cucumber rolls (I didn't try them), The gyoza were clearly generic gyoza, but at least this place had good sauce and they were crispy, which was pleasant. The salad was alright, a bit too peppery, but good and fresh tasting. So chimichanga rolls you may ask. They are rolls that have fried chicken (true story), avocado, jalapeno, rice, cream cheese, wrapped in seaweed and then the whole thing is fried and served with habanero sauce. This sounds like a food eaten on dare or thought up by a very drunk person. Good for them, though, because these were wonderful!!!! I have never enjoyed a sushi roll, mainly because I do not usually like the flavor of seaweed, but it was a lot more subtle in this roll (probably due to the deep fry) and I really liked them. The sauce was super yummy! So we eat all of our food.....all of it..... and are still nursing our drinks, when Joy comes over and says 'oh, you're still drinking, would you like me bring you some free toasted marshmallows... I thought I heard wrong, but I did hear free, so I said.... ok..... She brought out these delicious toasted marshmallows on whipped cream with strawberry sauce. It was great!... albeit very weird. The whole meal (two alcoholic drinks, gyoza, two sushi rolls, a salad, and a dessert) cost 30$. Overall, this place was great and I will most definitely be back with as many people as I can introduce to this great place!Update: Went back tonight for a 'snack' and for the BF's dinner. Got the chimichanga roll..... Even better than last time, if that's possible! The more habanero sauce... the better! We also split the tempura ice cream.... Also super delicious. It's ice cream wrapped in cake and then fried with chocolate sauce and whipped cream on top.... yes it is as delicious as it sounds. Oh... we had Joy again, and she rocks my socks! Probably the coolest waitress I've ever met, so major props on that!
5	WE tried Sake Bomber for the first time a few weeks ago and as far as AZ sushi places go, we thought this place was awesome.  The service was great, and the sushi was very tasty, generous servings and priced right.  We will definately be going back.
2	On all fronts.. food, atmosphere, service, drinks... SakeBombers is just okay... and that might even be stretching the truth.  The sushi is sub-par as are the cocktails.  They do have lots of happy hour and reverse happy hour specials but they are again... mediocre.  Considering that I can walk here from my house and stumble home if need be... I still would rather go eat/drink at MANY other places instead.  The volcano roll is not very spicy as it is claimed to be and the wings are a bit soggy.  The atmosphere leaves much to be desired... Its like they didn't know if they were going for the asian theme or for a more swanky cool vibe... and they ended up in this bad middle ground that leaves you feeling confused.
4	Was seated at the bar with a friend. We talked all evening with the bartender...a very nice gal. Prices at happy hour/reverse happy hour are very good. Had alot of sakebombers and happy hour sushi and pricing was pretty decent. Only bad thing is that limit for sakebombers is 3 but then again, I drink alot. I wouldn't mind going back again alone for a drink and some sushi or with friends.
5	I love this place. The Las Vegas roll is amazing however the crispy California roll isn't that crispy. Their sake is in fact bomb and the restaurant it always a good time. Their prices are reasonable for sushi places in Tempe and the service has always been awesome. If you've got a party bigger than 4 though, call ahead.
5	great food, great drinks, lots of fun! A little weird from the outside but the inside has a nice lounge feeling to it. The food was quick and excellent. The playgirl was our fav specialty roll they had. I will be back here again!
3	Sake Bomber is an amazingly beautiful restaurant that is perfectly situated just off ASU campus. They do an age check upon entrance for anyone that wants to drink specifically because they are close to ASU which is understandable if not slightly cheesy for an upscale place. I presume they dont do it at the table in order to speed up service. However as this is a SUSHI (Fish) restaurant I will not spend time analyzing their liquor which was perfectly fine but not super awesome.Sake Bomber gets a lot of traffic for 2 reasons. 1) they have a very good reputation and 2) they are around alot of ASU students but not on campus. This may mean they go through a sizable amount of fish per day and sometimes it is not always the best/freshest fish. This is what happened to us last night.I want to say upfront that AAron our server was exceptional. The food came out fast and that was a great plus to this place which is why it has 3 stars.I ordered salmon roll..it's not on the menu but it is a simple roll I like to order to see the quality of fish before I order a more elaborate roll. I also ordered 2 salmon nigiri presumably made from the same batch of salmon. In both cases the salmon was not a quality cut nor a quality taste. It wasnt spoiled, rotten or off color but it also was not cold/crisp and delicious. The nigiri was slimy and shredded, not a solid piece of salmon. Now you may think I am over analyzing this and you would be correct. This was going inside my body and also taste is important when it comes to sushi. I would drive extra for great sushi than just get inexpensive stuff around the corner. This was neither inexpensive nor great. It was good but it wasnt awesome.5 people = $125.00 . Yes my friends did get sake and it was not all happy hour ordering..but it was expensive compared to other places. I presume we are paying for the decor and ambiance more than the actual fish. Perhaps they should rename the place "SakeBomber - We have Fish Too" and then the expectation level wont be so high.ps the 4 TV's in the dining room were a distraction. I think TV's should be kept at the bar not places throughout the eating area.
4	Great variety and they offer fresh wasabi :)
5	This is my favorite sushi place in the valley. My daughter and I went and had numerous rolls and a few drinks and were very happy with the price. The service was great. I'll be going back ... soon!
5	We love this place!!! Awesome sushi and good servers!
5	The sushi is very good. If you know anything about the restaurant business then you know there are only a couple of suppliers that all the sushi restaurants use for their fish. From there its up to them to keep it fresh and delicious, which I felt that the folks at Sake Bombers did very well. They are also very willing to customize your rolls and sauces too. I even learned that I've never had real wasabi in all the years I've been eating sushi. Make nice at the sushi bar and I'm sure they'll hook you up too.Enjoy!
4	Sooooo yummy! They have a great big menu of sushi items to choose from... the special rolls are really good. Love this place!
4	Good rolls. Cute girls= fun time.
5	I come to Phoenix once a month for business.  Every time I am in town I MUST stop by and get my sushi fix... Ok, the sake bombers aren't bad either.  The sushi chefs are personable, the food is FAB, the atmosphere is good.  I have never been disappointed when coming here and their prices are very reasonable as well.
5	I had the lunch special #4 today and loved it! Everything was perfect, especially the california roll; wonderfully crispy and the crab was delicious! The decor was really nice and our waitress was awesome. I will definitely be returning!
4	WARNING-strictly a happy hour review. I ordered the Alaskan rolls, Boston rolls, and the California rolls. Holy cow-SO GOOD! All of the ingredients were fresh and full of flavor. I sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chefs gave us a ceviche dip, which was deliciously tangy and complimented the Boston rolls perfectly. I absolutely LOVED this restaurant's happy hour and I will definitely be back for the delicious food.
5	My favorite sushi place!
1	45 minute wait for to go food.  It's sushi, it's raw.......45 minute wait????.......Rude staff, rude manager.
2	Had a birthday gather last night at this place with my boyfriend and friends. Sushi was alright, but the happy hour was pretty good. They have a happy hour menu and a reverse happy hour menu. Ask them about it. For food:My boyfriend and i got sea bass, and tuna. One order has 2 pieces for $3.5. We got one of the special rolls, playgirl and volcano rolls. Playgirl was alright. I wasn't a fan of fried sushi, so volcano was eh. overall, the sushi rice was mushie, :/ At the end, we ended up getting yakisoba, and that was eh as well. For the food, i'll give it 2/5 because I had better.Dranks:My boyfriend got Sake bombs with your choice of beer for $7? and if you were to get a beer for itself its already $5...mind as well add an extra $2 dollar and get some sake going. What I really like were the Flavored/infusion Sakes. Lychee sake was pretty good. I believe it was $6.5. I think it'll be more worth it if I taste the sake a bit. It felt like it was all lychee syrup :/. For the dranks, i'll give it 3/5.I think this place good for group events and such but only for happy hour. As for dinner? elsewhere.
5	This place is amazing.  We eat there once a week and, more often than not, are accompanied by family and friends.  The food is incredible, very fresh, creative, and tasty.  Whatever the special is, order it.  It's always good, and I have found myself requesting a former item that was on special, even though it is not on the menu.  That's the other wonderful thing about SakeBombers: the service.  The staff is wonderful.  They have never steered me wrong with a recommendation and do not hesitate to accommodate any special requests that we have made.   Yoshi, server/bartender, is always very friendly and welcoming.  Their happy hour is amazing - $1.50 for delicious miso soup!  SakeBombers blows other sushi out of the water!
4	The place was a fun atmosphere and the people working there were great too. The place has reverse happy hour so I enjoyed $2 Sake. Sushi was pretty good too. I'd definitely go back.
1	1st visit, decent sushi, close to home, fairly priced. In light of the fact that there were only 6 people in the place I felt like the wristband proving my ability to drink was uncalled for. (Im 36 and bald) but whatever. 2nd visit, sat down at 945 (weariong a wrist band) my gf had arrived much earlier and ordered me a beer. (they gave last call at 930) She also explained that they were gonna close at 10 so I needed to hurry, at 10:06 I had almost finished my food and we had paid the bill so no one was waiting for us. the server was friendly as could be.The sushi chefs started changing their shirts and turning the lights off in the area we were sitting. There is a reason most "chefs" are hidden in the back, they all have the social graces of a masturbating monkey. So in a nutshell, it cost me $80 to find out that the idiots behind the sushi bar run the show at this china star super buffet-turned-sushi bar.to the owners, Spend the $80 wisely because I was one of 3 customers in the entire place and I wont be returning. My guess is you wont be the last business in a retarded long string of failed restaurants in that location, unless of course you get a whole lot better.
5	Best happy hour around. Great sushi.
1	Great Service . . waitress was very nice . . the chiefs interacted but the food was terrible.   I sent the spicy tuna role back because it tasted old.   The rest of the food had bad flavor.   They need to get some senior sushi chiefs before you go . . these guys are not good.   I love sushi and I have eaten a lot of it . . all over the .world including Japan .. this place you would be better off going to the grocery store.
5	revisted this place, and honestly... it was exactly what I was looking for.  A place to kick back with some friends and have some sushi instead of deep fried everything from other places.  The sushi was well rolled, the wait staff was friendly, the chefs interact with you and if they don't, it's probably cause they're concentrating on making sushi haha.  I like how people show up at restaurants at 945 when they close at 10 and then B about it... get a life, cause obviously the chefs and their families have one.  And why are you watching monkeys masturbate anyways... sick nasty, get a life.  Eat at Sake Bombers more and maybe the chefs will invite you to chill after work.
1	Great lunch specials. But they add a gratuity of their choosing to to-go orders and will not remove it. Shady as hell. Won't be back.
5	still one of my favorites!quick tip: order the lollipop roll. it's delicious and creative.
4	"Only been here once but my husband and I both enjoyed the sushi and service. We look forward to trying all the different rolls. Great selection and a knowledgable server!"
5	I am very particular about where I go for sushi.  I can name ten places I will not go to, and have struggled to find a place to frequent; until now.  I have only been here about 5 times, but every time was a great experience.  Great food, staff, prices,and atmosphere.
4	It's great food, but the prices for the traditional plates were higher than I was expecting.
2	I Live close but will stop eating there. The service was slow, my friend complanned about a order he had and they said ow next time tell them to make it different for you?  Really then I ordered another simple California roll Took forever.  The Sushi is allright but the overall experience is worth driving somewhere else you lost me...
4	Been here a couple times with the BF, and I have no complaints...get the Killer Shrimp, it is my FAVORITE! Nice staff, and now the happy hour is like all afternoon/evening! Pretty rad.
4	Really Good...especially for happy hour!
5	There aren't enough stars to give this place.  I go here a few times a week, eat delicious near-custom sushi/nigri/sashimi, and get treated like a king.  If you consider yourself a foodie or a chilihead, please see Alan at the sushi bar and tell him Matt sent you.  This place ROCKS!
3	Decent sushi. A bit over priced for the quality. I gave it 3 stars because of the great customer service. With all the restaurants there are to choose from, I probably won't be eating here again.
4	I'd do 3.5 stars if I could. Pretty good rolls, pretty good drinks.  Enjoyed the enchilada roll and playboy roll. Wife got drunk.
4	I have never had a bad experience here, they have good lunch specials and happy hour.  The wait staff is always very friendly and helpful. The tootsie maki is one of my favorite rolls here, and the interior decorations are pretty.
2	Let me start by saying that I have been reading almost every review on here about this place, and have been chomping at the bit to try it. Arrived there with my wife, and two daughters. We did not get Joy as a server, I made sure to check their names. I think she was off in the middle of the day, maybe working nights only. Anyway, we sat down and the two girls that sat us/served us were very nice and friendly. I give three stars just for them being cool. I looked over the sushi menu, and all but three (I think) rolls were listed as spicy. I do not eat anything spicy. I am weird, yes I know, but I want to taste every flavor in my food rather than burn my mouth so I can guess if it is good or not. I ordered the Las Vegas roll, and requested regular salmon instead of baked salmon along with nothing spicy at all please. Also ordered the baked scallop roll. We got our older daughter the lunch special of Teriyaki beef, and our newborn we got some hot water to make her a bottle :P (she's one month old). The beef came out first, and all three of us tried a piece. It did not taste that great, and not much flavor to it at all. I ate the miso soup instead. Next came the Las Vegas roll, in which the plate had six super slim pieces of sushi with jalapenos on them.  I was pretty upset, but figured I would pull them off and hope my mouth didn't get burned from jalapeno juice left on the rice. I didn't taste anything spicy, but wow my mouth had this horrible taste of baked salmon. I believe it was fresh, so please don't think it was bad but I just can't stand that weird taste of baked salmon. I gave the rest of the roll to my wife, and told her I would help eat what she couldn't of the next roll. Out comes the baked scallop roll, and this thing is huge. I mean it covered the entire plate. I was very impressed, and thought they totally redeemed themselves. I took a piece, and it tasted like pieces of no flavor fish on a California roll. I do mean absolutely no flavor. I asked my wife to try it so I could know if it was my taste buds or not, and she had the same result. I told her I didn't want to eat any more of it, and was very disappointed about the food. So my wife, being the good girl she is, ate that roll also so it wouldn't go to waste. I couldn't believe it, we paid almost $25.00 for something that Teharu sushi sells for $3.00, and they have a ton of flavor when it's fresh. If you have eaten here, and think my story is bogus, then don't worry because I am very picky when it comes to sushi. I am still looking for good sushi like I have had in northern California. So as if the food was not bad enough, the cooks did the same thing as another yelper mentioned. They started changing, and turned off the lights around where we were. The servers were still nice and friendly, but wow it felt like a "hint hint. . . . . Get out now!!" from the cooks.So breakdown:3 stars = Service from the girls1 star   = Food-2 stars = the cooks not getting the order right, and being pushy for us to leave.
5	Nice laid back atmosphere, friendly staff and yummy veggie rolls. Get them tempura fried and you'll be in heaven.  Love sitting at the bar and chatting with the sushi chefs.  :)
4	Great sushi. Great atmosphere.
4	I'm so glad I live basically right next to this place. I am from Seattle where the sushi is pretty great. I thought that being out here in Arizona it would be difficult to find a place that even comes close to Seattle sushi, but I was proven other wise. My friends and I got several different rolls; Las Vegas, Spicy tuna, Caterpillar, and Crispy Eel rolls were all good! We got another one that I think was a 'special' for the day and that was the only one that I didn't really like. Needless to say, I'm a fan of this place.
4	This place was suggested by a trusted friend...i wasn't disappointed in taste / quantity / quality, however I do think it was a little pricey.  I'll be back FOR SURE, but will spend a little less cash.
3	I came here for my birthday week on a Saturday. It was a pretty cool place when I first walked and the girl at the front desk was really gorgeous looking, Which then gave me a good start of the night. I enjoyed the sushi there which were you're typical sushi like any other place. I also orders a garlic shrimp on a skewer which too was pretty tasty. The only bad experience I would have to be that our waitress was a little forgetful and slow which was a bit annoying but after a few sake shots, it didn't bother me much anymore. The lighting at the place was a a bit gloomy as well. I understand it is trying to make you feel that dim and romantic like feeling but for me it was making me sleepy along with the rest of my party. I would add this to my list of ok sushi places.
3	(Lyrics - Pat Benatar - Hit Me With Your Best Shot)Hit me with a sakebombWhy don't you hit me with a sakebombHit me with a sakebombFire Away!Well your real good fried rice with a long historyOf filling little bellies, like the one in meBefore I put another piece of roll in my mouthYou better make sure it doesn't wipe the smile off my face!Hit me with a sakebombWhy don't you hit me with a sakebombHit me with a sakebombFire Away!First opinion when I first walked into Sakebomber was Wow!  I think I like that modern sushi them mixed with traditional Japanese decor.  The place was definitely hip and had a huge sushi bar.  Drink selection was pretty good too!  LCD TV screens help lit the room while the sushi chops away.  I wasn't too fond of the layout of the tables since I thought was pretty close to each other.  I have the tendency to feel someone is listening.....haha!Moreover, I'm not too knowledgeable about sushi so I let me two counterparts do the ordering.  However, I must say the best dish of the night had to go to the fried rice.  Yes, I'm sure it had a long history Pat.  The rice itself was not made from the traditional rice like most Asian restaurants.  I believe they were actually made with sticky rice rice; if that makes since to you gwhy-los.  I think that's what did it for me, but it was also well seasoned and even though we ordered the vegetarian one - I'm sure the one with meat taste just as awesome.  My second intrique dish was the sakebomber fries.  Breaded with panko I believe and fried.  This was different and it taste like it was fresh cut potatoes.  Kudos for that cause I love fresh cut potato fries and to add that extra crunch!?  Yum!  The rolls we ordered were nothing too special and probably and second thought in my mind.  My two friends that join me that night quoted -- "It's not bad.  I like the fried rice, but nothing stand out for me" Kathy H.  While Ms. Tang quoted "Food was okay.  Good service. Fried Rice was the bomb". - sakebomb?  Maybe next time - wink!Service was indeed good.  Our hostess was very pleasant while putting the pink wrist band around my wrist.  She explained they got busted for serving underage kids.  Hey you that's underage -- you know who you are -- if you want to drink stay at home or wait til your 21!  Quit ruining it for the rest of us!  Anyways, our server Yoshi did a phenomenal job and was quite knowledgeable about the menu.  He sold us on the fried rice and it was a winner!  Overall, the food was okay, but the server was tops.  Price wise -- going for HH is a recommendation.  We had a party of 3 and it came out to be about $20 per person.  Next time I drop by think I'll get hit with a sakebomb! - Enjoy!
5	spank me roll was BANGIN' and they got my beer, asahi black! server was great, thanks to kaitlynd. i recommend. the only weird thing is that i had to wear an arm band to enter. i would assume for ordering alcohol. i guess they dont trust their servers to check ID.
4	My family and I come here when the visit from out of town. The sushi is sooo good. If you don't know what to get, I recommend the rainbow roll. The desserts are pretty good, too. Overall: good service and good food. I have yet to be disappointed out of the five or so times I've been there.
5	This place is awesome!My wife and I stopped in on a Friday night before heading off to the Tempe Improv. At first blush, it seemed a little dark. The decor is very black and red...almost like you'd find at some after hours club..only with more windows...or any windows, for that matter. But, it wasn't anything that was going to deter us from coming in.We were greeted by the hostess who was pleasant enough. She was certain to point out the current specials drawn on the dry-erase board located by the hostess' stand. On this night, the Baja Roll was the flavor of choice. We obviously weren't ready to make such a snap decision before being seated, but we did let the idea simmer while were shown to our table.Once seated, we took a look over the actual menu. There are several pages offering up varying concoctions, including dinner plates, sushi rolls, and even delicious cocktails available at the full bar. We knew we were about to run into a two-drink minimum in the very near future, so we opted to forego the drinks this time.After a few times through the menu, and after deeply considering the current special, we had made our decision. For both of us to share, we decided to get two different rolls, as well as an appetizer: The Playgirl Roll and the Baja Roll, plus an order of Mussels. The Mussels were the first to arrive. Perfect for sharing, and very nicely seasoned. The only downside to the mussels was that we didn't have forks...we had chopsticks. I am absolutely TERRIBLE with chopsticks, so I had to do a little work. Sure, I could have asked for a fork. But what would have been the fun in that, right? Plus, it made my wife laugh, and that's always an added bonus.After our appetizer, we found ourselves face to face with two beautiful creations. The Baja Roll came on a plate with a surprisingly spicy sauce in the middle of the plate. As the manager explained during one of her many trips to our table, the Baja Roll was kind of like a fish taco, but with a Japanese twist. She was absolutely right. Delicious! Couple that with our salmon, cream cheese and avocado Playgirl Roll, and our dinner was amazing!I'm honored to be the 100th review for this awesome Sushi spot. It turned out to be a fantastic date night dinner. Hopefully, we'll be back sometime in the near future, if only to improve my chopstick skills. I mean, I'm REALLY bad with chopsticks...comically bad.
3	It's okay.Lunch is better than Happy Hour that's for certain.  Happy hour is NO BARGAIN.  A Marg is $5.00?!  Not a deal.Rolls and other appetizers are slightly discounted but these prices are not a draw.
4	Quite impressed. Sushi was fresh. Drinks were reasonable. Got the lunch combo in addition to the Las Vegas roll(which is delightful)... Feel free to try it. Other than that it was pretty good. Not a whole lot of complaints as I usually have at least a few. Give it a whirl.
3	I met a friend here for sushi yesterday. I've passed by it a million times but that was the first time I had gone. When I walked in I felt like it smelled a little funny, but that went away once we were in the dining area. If you plan on drinking, they ID you at the front entrance and give you a wristband. Sort of odd, but I guess necessary if you're trying to keep a business open. It was HH while we were there (5-9pm), so we ordered a couple of apps and rolls. We had the pork gyoza, crab puffs, california roll, killer shrimp, and I think the crispy california roll. Everything was ok - nothing extraordinary. The service was good, but considering the HH were pretty high, I'm not sure I'll return.
5	I'm all about the 1) Atmosphere and the 2) Attitude.  Sake Bombers does a good job in both respects.Lets start with the negatives as always: - You do have to wear a wristband in order to drink alcohol because apparently they were part of sting operation for serving under age groups. You will run into a lot of ASU kids here.- I've seen small children in here on a couple occasions, which you don't typically see at Sushi joints. I don't roll with screaming kids.- The sushi here is good, but not mind blowing.This place is the most bang you will get for your buck from a sushi perspective. I'm sure everyone has already raved about the happy hour, but in case this is the only review you read: They essentially have an all night happy hour, due to happy hour coinciding with reverse happy hour.  Both of these have great deals, here are the links to those menus:http://sakebombersushi.com/files/HH_3_12_2012.pdfhttp://sakebombersushi.com/files/reverse-happy-hour-2-5-2012.jpgIf you like Wasabi, GET THE FRESH WASABI.  It will make you wonder why anyone would ever eat that play-doe wasabi again.Another favorite of mine is the lyche sake.  This shit is no joke people. Order it.They have an excellent variety of drinks, sushi and apps.  I've always had great speedy service. The ambiance is superb.  As always, I'm not good at being positive, so the fact I'm giving out any compliments should blow the doors off your Geo Metro.YA FEEL ME?!?
3	Decent experience overall. I think they're prices are pretty good, but it seems like a cheaper end sushi place. The bench I was sitting on at a booth was all torn up and uncomfortable to sit on. I've been here before when it was much more bumping and energetic, but I think this time was meh.
3	The mark of a well laid out restaurant is a smattering of high tops, low tops, booths, bar area and singles. I also really appreciate mood lighting. Sakebomber has this is spades.What is also has is the young, Sake-bombin college crowd. I had to get a wrist band when I walked in, if I wanted to drink.  Is this a club or a restaurant? Eeek.  The food isn't authentic, but it IS pretty tasty. If more Americanized sushi is your game, stop on in!Overall B- C+
5	Went here for my birthday, over all great experience. Lots if good food here , we shared fried rice, clam miso soup and a bunch of rolls
4	Great vibe and love the Nagori cold sake and Kirin light cheers!
5	What can I say about Sakebomber? It's fantastic. The atmosphere is great, the sushi is high-quality, and the sushi chefs are fun. I spent the whole NHL season here with my buddy at the bar having my non-spicy Las Vegas rolls and great, fat cuts of salmon sashimi. The prices are reasonable, and while it isn't the most "authentic" of sushi places, their rolls are fun and unique in addition to delicious.Happy hour is the best time to go!
3	We went to eat at Sake bomber on a friday for happy hour, we had the tootsie roll, lollipop, stuffed shrimp and gyoza. The total for the bill was $37.00. I dont consider this to be happy hour prices, I could of gone to Kona and it would of been a nicer atmosphere, and better food for about the same price if not less. The stuffed shrmp and the gyoza was good, nothing that is a must have and the rolls were not rolled thight enough. We saw that they had a special for $20 pitcher of sangria. Thank goodness we asked for a sample becasue it didnt look anything like the picture(picture shows red and we got yellow sangria) and it didnt taste good at all. Overall I wouldnt go back, unless as group of friends wanted to go to happy hour and were set on this place.
5	I have to say that when I first came in the door and saw a couple of white guys behind the sushi bar... I said to myself, "uh, oh!" I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of sushi. I ordered the rainbow roll and juicy roll. Unfortunately, my waitress didn't hear me right and she got me the tootsie roll instead of the juicy roll. Still, not too bad. There's loud music, so I can understand. The quality of the food more than made up for the mistake. If I lived in the area, I wouldn't hesitate to come back here again. Prices are great for the rolls.
1	This was probably the worst experience I have had eating sushi.  The process of checking ID's is ridiculous!  Three different tests to drink your cheap booze?  I understand that you probably got busted serving someone underage, but please.  The check id three times before being seated is ridiculous.  We also asked the hostess if we can sit in a booth, and she led us to a table.  I understand if there are no booths, I can survive.  Too bad there was a booth open, so we of course asked to sit there.  Our server seemed annoyed that we wanted  to put out separate checks on separate orders, that way it can be easier to split the check at the end.  Another negative, they brought out the "fried apps" even before the miso soup or edamame at the table.  How did that happen?  Eventually we get the soup, and have to ask about the edamame.  Turns out they were out and had to make a new batch. They did not even bother to tell us until we aked.Asked for some eel sauce on the side of the app, told it is a dollar upcharge because it is labor intensive for 3 to 4 hours?  Not one other sushi restaurant has ever charged for eel sauce.  The rolls, were very much subpar.  All three of us ended up rushing home feeling the urge to use the bathroom in a very negative way.  This is the first and last time I will ever go to Saki Bomber.
4	I went here last Saturday night with my boyfriend and to meet up with friends for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised by everything! From the street, this place doesn't look like much, but inside, it has a pretty cool, low lit ambience. You are carded from the moment you get to the hostess stand. It's Tempe! Don't take it personal. IF you are of the sipping age, you get a bracelet from that point so that you can partake in what else? Sake Bombing! We had several apps upon ordering. Crab puffs, ( I can't have them due to a food allergy), but they smelled awesome and were gone within 8 minutes. The cucumber salad is always a fav of mine when I am at a sushi place, and this one came with a couple of crab sticks atop. So good. For our sushi rolls, we ordered the special, Miso Sexy roll; the Firecracker Roll; The White Castle roll, (I know you expect the thing to be topped with midwestern burgers!), which was hands down, everyones favorite.. (and no... no burgers!); The usual Vegas roll; we had nigiri in salmon and tuna. Complete with sake bombers and the special of $3 raspberry vodka that you can do anyway; we did seltzer. All that for 4 people, under a $100. We walked away very full and decided that this is now our new favorite sushi place. Sometimes you just never know how surprised you may be by what isn't 'pretty' on the outside, yet amazing on the inside!
4	I love the atmosphere in here! Sat at the bar with my friend and the bartenders/sushi chefs kept us entertained. We all had pretty good conversations since the restaurant was getting close to closing time and it was clearing out. Sake was perfect and beer was cold and delicious :) the teriyaki beef plate was just enough to get me full and take home for some leftovers! Definitely a good date night place or a night out with your girl friends.
3	Went to this place today with two classmates for lunch between our classes.Overall the place looked clean, though rather empty. We seated ourselves, per the sign's instructions upon entering, and were greeted almost immediately. The waitress did not hover around while we were going over the menu and deciding what all we were wanting to get.I wound up settling on the L6 off the lunch menu, which featured two full size rolls from a stated selection with miso soup and a bitter salad on the side. Overall, I wasn't displeased, but the place is not deserving of stellar or amazingly fantastic reviews. The spicy tuna roll was not spicy at all, and the texture was a bit off. The tootsie roll was fine, but I have had better at other sushi bars. I would go back for the lunch special, but this would not be my go-to place for high-end sashimi.
5	Hands down, best sushi place I've ever been to. Customer service is always a must have with me and this place is all about it! Have had every server (been there that much) and they are all friendly, know the menu, and recommend the best specials! The sushi is amazing, don't be afraid to ask what's good that day because the chefs know what's up!! Atmosphere is never a let down. You find yourself conversing with the boss in no time, which makes you feel really welcome :)
4	This is definitely one of my favorite sushi places! The rolls are good quality, and if you go during happy hour, pretty reasonably priced, too. However, they are not stellar, and you can definitely find better quality elsewhere. Staring with the positives: -Great happy hour and reverse happy hour specials. Their drinks are pretty good, and the Black Raspberry Lemon Drop is awesome. -Unique sushi rolls with fun names. Don't expect traditional here--it's definitely Americanized with a college focus.-The atmosphere is wonderful, and the low lighting and interesting seating kind of makes it look like a clubThe negatives:-Your server will be hit or miss. There's a couple there I really like, but there are many who can be neglectful. -It can get pricey. I don't mind pricey sushi, but when they're non-traditional, I don't like paying too much. Going during happy hour really helps!-If you're waiting to be seated, they take you to a waiting area with water, menus, and appetizers. I just don't understand why they can't convert these into more seating space.It's definitely a college hangout, and it's a great place to go for a few drinks and rolls if you're not too hungry, or heading out late. They're open until the wee hours of the morning! Also, a good tip is they have a pretty cool lunch program with punch card. Definitely check it out.Overall, great place, and great atmosphere. They do have a lengthy process for checking IDs, but I'm indifferent since it's so close to ASU.
4	Good food and great sushi!
4	The sushi was delicious! price was pretty reasonable as well. The service could have been a bit better, but other than that, everything was to my liking :) The atmosphere was nice too.
5	Sakebomber is my go-to place for sushi. Mostly because it's right down the street, but I'm OBSESSED with their tootsie roll and their happy hour prices are pretty reasonable! (Happy hour is all day now on certain days, I think, or is otherwise really lengthy and then paired with reverse happy hour immediately afterward)! They have great deals and innovative rolls. Admittedly it's very Americanized but that doesn't make it any less delicious. The quality has never been lacking in the food in the times that I've went, and they are very generous with their portions. Thick-cut rolls, and lots of pieces in them, not like some rinky-dink four-piece rolls that go for full-price. There are always 8, 10, 12 pieces per roll!Their eel sauce is also unique. They have some honey in it which is unusual but super yummy. :') The servers are also always attentive and engaging, so no complaints there! Atmosphere is also really nice!
1	I placed a to-go order on a Tuesday night while barley anybody was there & waited 35 minutes to get my food.  This was my first time eating their sushi so I was pretty excited and didn't care about the wait.  Unfortunately, the sushi was oddly warm and the tuna was slimy.  For the price I paid (including a 10% gratuity fee for take-out), I expected way better.  I felt sick for days even just thinking about how un-fresh the sushi and fish products were.  I can't see myself going back, just stick to RA..or hell, even Whole Foods sushi is delicious.
1	I had the worst sushi roll (salmon skin roll) in my life here! It was burnt.... other rolls and sashimi are medocre at best. Mido and kabuki are way better than this place.
5	Great service; interesting and very inventive rolls that all presented great flavor combinations.
5	I come here once a week (at least), and I always leave happy. They have a great happy hour menu- $1 miso soup and $2.50 for edamame!The Dragon Roll is very very good, and the eel it's topped with is delicious. Sometimes sushi restaurants use cheap eel, which is fatty and gross, but here that is not the case. I also regularly enjoy the Crispy California roll, the Tootsie roll and Shrimp Tempura roll. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant. I have experienced great service here time and time again, which is key for my return. The wait staff is always super friendly, quite hospitable and give good recommendations.I love this place. I'm always craving it!
3	PRO: Having a sushi bar across the street is great, and the drinks here are relatively cheap (especially during reverse happy hour)CON: Carding me at the door while I'm on a date and making us wear wristbands is about as tacky as it gets. And the sushi is nothing to write home about.
2	People saying this is great sushi have not even had good sushi. Sorry, I'm a food snob. Actually, I shouldn't apologize for knowing what good Japanese food looks and tastes like.  SakeBomber is another addition to my "Asian food in Phoenix disappoints" list. Oh and I won't embellish on how annoying it is to wear a wristband upon entry if I'm even just contemplating ordering a drink through my meal. PS: I'm not as bitter as I sound right now.
1	Went here because of the Yelp reviews, was definetly not impressed. The atmosphere is dark like a bar, the food is below average. Sushi tasted like it had been sitting around for a while. I would NOT recommend this place.
5	This is my favorite sushi place!  The 'Spank Me' roll is the best thing in the world.
2	The food here at best is mediocre. We went there for happy hour and were shocked at our final bill, it was a rip off! They really skimp you on the appetizers and the quality of the food stinks. I can honestly say my favorite part if the Meal was the Kirin beer I had and the edamame beans. That should sum up my opinion of the food. Upon entering the restaurant the staff asks you for an ID to drink alcohol and give you a bracelet. It feels more like a college bar than a restaurant. It's a shame. This place does not hold a candle to "RA"
5	Great sushi! I love the salmon dynamite roll and the crab people roll! The also have a great selection of sake.
5	OMG! this place is awesome! the service, the food and everything is just great! I love this place
5	LOVE this place, never disappoints! Crispy Cali, and Tempura shrimp are my two favorite rolls. Great assortment of appetizers. Happy Hour/ Reverse Happy Hour is perfect for nights out with friends
5	The tootsie roll and spank me roll are the best.
1	Wow....my friends and I went here last night after checking out the Yelp reviews. We normally go to Sushi Brokers or Kabuki, but their regular happy hours had ended for the night. We decided to give Sake Bombers a try since it's right down the street and their happy hour goes until 7 pm. We were extremely disappointed. The only roll we ended up finishing was the Boston roll, which was pretty good. The Crispy California and Tootsie were okay, but nothing great. The eel sauce was a little thick. The Salmon Dynamite roll is also just okay, but the spicy mayo here is HORRIBLE! My friend got a side of it and it seriously looked like someone just squeezed some Miracle Whip out of a tube and added some other flavors/colors to it. It was thick and chunky, and quite frankly disgusting. Do not order the Playgirl -- the fish on top was not fresh, and the ginger soy sauce was overwhelming. We barely touched this roll. The happy hour was also not very great -- they didn't even have something simple like a spicy tuna on happy hour. Who wants to pay $7.50 for a basic roll that's normally on happy hour for around $4 at other places? I had a stomach ache for about two hours after eating here...I'm thankful I didn't get sick, but this was honestly the worst sushi experience I've ever had. It's also kind of ironic that the food at this place was so poor, when the sushi chefs and most of the workers were actually Asian. We will not be returning here ever again.
4	As with every place, it starts off with five stars.However, as soon as we walk into the door we get carded. And if we're over 21 they put bracelets on us. I think that is the stupidest thing. I mean I saw other reviewers complain about this and thought that they would get rid of that stupid policy but no. It's just as dumb as everyone talks about. Subtract 2 starsThe atmosphere: I liked it to be honest. It was casual and relaxed and the place was clean. Even if I wasn't on a date I would come back with my friends for a few drinks and some crap talking.Add a star.The food: was average. Nothing too special. I hated that they make you pay more for eel sauce whereas Ra, the most expensive sushi place ever, doesn't even make you pay more for eel sauce.Minus a star.The service was okay, not anything to brag about, but not anything to complain about.Neither add nor lose a star.Now the most important detail about any place to me is the drinks. And I loved their drinks! I had a black raspberry lemondrop martini or something and it was delicious. I had their cold sake sampler - also delicious and tried my dates drinks as well. This place knows their alcohol.Add a star.I'll be coming back, if only for the drinks.
4	A fun restaurant! Staff is friendly and service is good. I usually come for the nigiri and the Orange slice. Recently tried their yakisoba which was yummy and their fried rice which was okay. Being near the university, the crowd can be on the younger side but I've never felt out of place.
5	This is my favorite sushi place! From the outside you might thing, 'weird spot for a sushi joint', to be honest i was always curious about what was inside the round-windowed building. I'm very glad I did! I love their wide variety of rolls (love, love love the specialty rolls! - the White Castle, Angry Shrimp, playgirl just to name a few) not to mention a full menu from the kitchen if you aren't a fan of raw fish;) they have a decent happy hour and reverse happy hour as well.
3	If you drink , u need a wristband. Get it at the front counter. Or no booze 4 u!Laid back. Ok sushi nothing special.Basic Sushi in Tempe. Great for ASU students
2	Normally I love sake bombers. I've been coming here for about a year now and have never had a bad thing to say. Tonight however, our service was a joke. It took well over 30 minutes to get two rolls and the restaurant was almost empty. And our server (Emily) rarely checked on us. And when she would, she wasn't personable at all. Right up until she dropped off our checks she didn't treat us like a a server should treat a customer. And My friends and I are all servers so it takes a lot for us to not tip 20%... I tipped her 15% and I felt like it was more than she deserved. Very disappointed in the way we were treated.
4	I've been here 3 times in about the span of a year so I feel fairly familiar with the consistency of this place.First off, HAPPY HOUR! And then REVERSE HAPPY HOUR!...Ok, I'm calm. I've only ever been here for a happy hour, so I'm unsure if they always card at the door. They get pretty slammed at times so I totally understand making it easy by putting a wristband on the 21+. This is perfectly acceptable. The host is usually pointing out the special by the door while checking ID's. People need to stop complaining. The staff is friendly and decently attentive. It's a good place for a date or a group. The food is good. Everything's always been fresh. Their Tootsie, Las Vegas (I always get it without jalapeno), and Dragon rolls are good. Sometimes the Rainbow can be a little dry. I've noticed that the Playgirl can get a little skimpy. I think it comes with avocado and sometimes it hasn't had very much. I think that was the problem. I wish they'd put descriptions of their rolls online. I don't normally do spicy but the Lollipop was good. It's just spicy enough to not be overpowering. Any time I've had the eel nigiri it's been a good texture. Perfectly falls apart in your mouth without being mushy.
2	Good food- BAD service. Food: AGADASHI TOFU!!! SO good! sushi is good, love their salmon skin rolls- chicken teriyaki is really really good.  The reason I give only 2 stars is because the service is TERRIBLE.  Went there with a party of four, place was empty.  They didn't clear our appetizer plates off our tiny table when bringing the rolls out so the plates were hanging off the tables.   We had to ask 2 different people 3 times for the green (sodium free) soy sauce after they brought the sushi (took about 15 minutes to get the soy sauce so we had to sit there staring at it for 15 minutes instead of eating it While one person in our party waited for soy sauce).When we needed refills, waitress was nowhere to be found.    Also, they  Gave us the check before we asked for it which is strange for a sushi restaurant and we definitely would've ordered more if our waitress hadn't decided for us that our meal was over. Three different people came to our table AFTER we payed the check (where were they during the meal??). as if they wanted us to leave even though the place was empty and it was nowhere near closing time.  Really Weird vibe from staff at the end of the meal.The other two times I ate there the service was Okay.  I probably wouldn't dine in again, but I might consider ordering the  tofu for pick up!
5	I don't know about the management here but the food is great. My server Kelsey was awesome, she told me about a "secret" menu item, I don't know if it actually is but I told her what I like and she recommended the sesame sea bass and it was amazing. I'm pretty sure the chef(s) we're Mark and Steve? I was so happy with my food and how it was prepared. The sashimi was out with daikon radish which is meant for garnish but it was so good. I asked Kelsey about it and the chefs were kind enough to give me a giant pile of it. Everyone was so attentive and helpful, I have been there since and I don't think Kelsey works there any more, unfortunate for the company because her service would keep me coming back - however I have seen the same chefs and the food has remained wonderful. Good prices, good food and I personally had great service. Good sashimi and you've got me. I've been elsewhere since but Sake Bombers is great for the prices you get - if Kelsey comes back, call me, but in the meantime hang onto Mark and Steve as long as you can.
5	I have been there 10 times because I live nearby.  I intend to go back.  Friendly service, great food.
3	I lived across the street from here for 3 years and went about once a week. If you are in the area then give this place a go. There is pretty much always happy hour or reverse happy hour going on so the prices are decent. Their fish is good and drinks are tasty (although on the weaker side). But hey, if you want to get drunk there are always sakebombs. The service is very spotty. The worst service I have ever had has been here (and if that was my first visit I would not have been back) but usually it is average and once in a while it's great. Since I was a regular, I was surprised that none of the servers never once tried to talk to me more than take my order. I have had some of the same servers at least 20 times each, and I am a server so I tip well and would be willing to tip more if they were friendlier. The manager or possibly owner however is nice and always stops by all the tables.If I would have rated Sakebomber when I lived close by the review would have been 4 stars, but the fact that I only moved 10 minutes away and have only been back once means that it nothing to rave about.
3	I go here all the time and it's pretty good... MOST of the time. Other times it is just awful but I will hit the positive first. The food is very good. I especially like the Cherry Blossom roll (Although it is not on the sushi checklist and I have to write it in every time). Typically a great fresh taste, the wait staff and sushi chefs are mostly pretty friendly. When I order to go It usually doesn't take long. All of the times I've ordered the special it was amazing. But there are some negatives that make me never want to go back. 1) Menu: Sushi menu is not in alphabetical order, descriptions are not posted online and the checklist does not even list all of the rolls on the menu. I've inquired about this and they are "redoing" the menu.  That was over 6 months ago.  Get it together. 2) Now I really don't care that the make you get a wristband at the door but they explain it with a written statement taped to the front desk stating how they were recently busted for a liquor violation. I happened to be doing some research the other day and was on the AZ Department of Liquor's website and did a quick search of all the liquor violations in Tempe for the last 3 years. I didn't see SakeBomber on there. I guess it's not that big of a deal but really, why make up a story? 3) Some of the team members are just plain rude. For instance, the other day I ordered a to-go order. I ordered a Cherry Blossom roll, a tootsie make, an Alaska roll and a shrimp tempura. I should've been suspicious as I repeated "cherry blossom roll" twice and the woman kept repeating back simply "blossom roll". When I go to pick up my order It is a Boston roll... I'm thinking, no big deal, it was simply a misunderstanding but there is more. The woman at the front makes it into a production going over to another employee to discuss what is going on. After a few minutes the woman comes back and tells me "I don't know if it was your fault or her fault but we will go ahead and replace this, we are busy so it might take a while." I think blaming your customers is probably not the best business practice. I believe these two ladies were the owners from the people I've talked to about it.     On top of that we got a teeny tiny (1 oz cup) side of eel sauce with our tootsie maki so we asked for more. They said it would be 75 cents.  I had already paid so I got 3 quarters out of my wallet and handed it to the lady. At first she forgets it so I bring it up when I double check my order (after we waited to have the order corrected). Then the lady rings it in and makes me pay the few extra cents of tax. Are you kidding me? I left you an 18% tip on a to-go order in acknowledgement of the work you do to put it together. That being said, I expect it to be done right. The order was wrong to begin with, I waited over 30 minutes, you included less eel sauce than if I had been dining in, we willingly pay for more, you forget it and then bring up that I am short 3 cents. Needless to say I was quite irked. 4) No bike rack. It's Tempe. A lot of people ride bikes and as a community, this should be something we encourage. It's good exercise and environmentally friendly. There are programs in Tempe that will help cover the cost of installing a bike rack but judging by their previous behavior and their unwillingness to let 3 cents slide I'm guessing they are WAY to cheap to ever install one.    TL;DR : This place is great. On occasion I will have an absolute horrible experience that would typically cause me to never go back but most of the time it is so great so I forgive them. ... Also, it's right down the street :-)
4	Great sushi!! Service is just okay. The happy hour is great and super affordable. The sashimi has always been fresh. We live around the corner from this place so we frequently go here. Definitely would recommend it!
4	Great place! Atmosphere was wonderful, service pretty good and sushi was delicious. Not a huge fan if the eel here but the other rolls were terrific!
4	First time here and I was very happy with my meal. My wife doesn't eat sushi instead had a chicken pasta and absolutely hated it but this is my review not hers. Sushi was great, server earned extra points from me and was very helpful.
5	Fresh tasty sushi, great atmosphere, delicious drinks and a courteous staff, what more could anyone ask for?
4	My pals always give me a hard time for liking this place as much as I do, but honestly, the food is never a disappointment to me; I always get just what I am expecting. Their Lollipop roll is my favorite roll on the planet. It's a mix of fish, crab, with cream cheese & masago, and their spicy ponzu sauce for dipping, wrapped in cucumber. Best. Ever. If they ever discontinued it, I would probably stop going! Ha. It's that good. I also am almost always greeted politely by the GM, Rebecca. She's a sweetheart! She usually forgets and calls me Christine, but it's endearing, so I let it slide ;-)I love this place! It's usually youngsters that are serving, but they're on top of things, and helpful. Prices are really great during HH, too!You must try the Lychee martini as well. Not a strong drink, but super delish.
5	BEST SUSHI IN TEMPE!!! I seriously love this place, the rolls are delicious and there is a really great variety of rolls and sashimi. Also happy hour is pretty awesome. I recommend the Juicy Roll, Spank Me Roll, and my personal favorite the Cherry Blossom Roll!!!! YUM! You won't be disappointed! Just a warning, if it's crazy busy grab an appetizer because it can take a bit for the sushi to come out.
4	The food and drinks were amazing and their prices are very reasonable! The ambiance was very soothing and comfortable, staff was very friendly and we are definitely will be returning!!!!
4	Awesome food, the service could be tuned but there's nothing to complain about I've been in a few times.
5	BEST RESTAURANT FOR ALL THINGS SUSHI AND NON-SUSHI!   My husband and I eat here frequently.  He loves sushi and raves about the sushi here, especially the specials (which aren't always on the menu).  Yesterday he had the Hawaiian Albacore special and loved it.   I had the salmon teriyaki bento box.  The salmon is sushi-grade and the best salmon teriyaki I have ever had.  The texture was incredible.  And for the real surprise, Sakebombers has the best creme brulee ever!  It's a must to finish a great meal.
1	The sushi pictures on yelp looked so great, I thought, let's give it a try!  Enter restaurant, the hostess accosts us and belts, "Who's drinking?"  I look at my fifteen year old son and say, "Well, I am."  She then pinions us to the entrance way with a seemingly mandatory recitation of the specials and some other stuff and when I am just about to ask her to, please, just show us to our table, she finishes.  The decor is mostly black, and the kind of bar lighting that makes you wonder what might be crawling on the floor - kind of revamped, trendy, fraternity house grunge.  The center of the table we sat at had a thick, sticky, old, oily surface on that I didn't think they could get up without solvents so I just put a napkin on top so my arms wouldn't stick to it.  They brought a glass container with a candle in it that was covered in oily smudges and bits of food.  I mean really - it was disgusting.  Ordered tempura appetizer that was seeping with oil - the antithesis of good tempura.  California roll, ok.  Son had beef and veggies with soba noodles, except they forgot the veggies.  We eat nori rolls frequently and have been making our own for years, so we are not new to the concept.  The juicy roll I ordered was not as decribed by the server, who was, nevertheless, very attentive and pleasant and did refund us for the roll.   Also had some kind of "western" roll with chicken and an inedible hot sauce, without which, the roll had no flavor at all.  The Creme Brulee was good.  I hated this place.  For more than $80 we could have had a really nice dinner somewhere.
4	It hurts my heart....that's how good this place is.  What sets them apart are approximately 14 rolls unlike any I have had prior or since visiting there.  From spank me to evil, they all rocked my face off pretty good. Reasonable prices and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  I've never had a problem with the service so I guess there all good on my book.  I can't recommend any particular thing.  It got to the point going here where I would just point my finger at the menu without looking and order that.  This place is THAT good.
4	Pretty descent place. A bit pricey but nice and great food. I will be trying this place again today. Will update.
4	Pretty good sushi and noodle dishes.  They have some unique rolls and the service is great!  Having a good looking waitress helps ;-)We had the spicy tuna and playboy rolls plus some yellow tail.  The boba is also very good.
2	As soon as we walked in the door, we were carded by the hostess and given wristbands to wear so our waitress would know we were legal drinking age. I have to say that was a first for me at a restaurant. Bizarre, but ok, I get it...Tempe is a college town. They must have been busted previously. Our server was very attentive and friendly. We liked her a lot. It was "interesting" to see 3 college aged guys behind the sushi counter rolling maki rolls. They probably went to ASU. This is who was making our sushi. The garlic shrimp appetizer was amaze balls actually. I mean, really really good! The sushi however was below mediocre. Not much flavor and tasted like something I could purchase at a grocery store. A for effort, but not good. At. All.Definitely will not go back, but once again the service was great. The sushi, not so much.
5	The 5 stars is based on their sashimi. The fish practically melts in your mouth. It's so fresh with none of the icky oily feel from most of the other places I've been to. The best thing is their fresh wasabi, which tastes so much better than the usual green glob served. The downside is of course that sashimi is quite expensive.Their sushi rolls, while creative and decently sized, weren't all that unique. Keep in mind practically all sushi rolls taste similar to me so I won't let that affect my rating.
5	GREAT service! Very clean and chill atmosphere. Sushi was sooooo good! I will be visiting this place again
2	Ever since my hubby and I moved to Tempe from the northwest valley, we've been looking for a place to feed our sushi craving.  Unfortunately, SakeBomber will not be our new go-to.  We sat at the sushi bar and our order was taken.  After we got our beers, we didn't see the server until after we had finished all of our rolls.  The sushi chef just handed us our rolls so the server never had to come over to give us what we had ordered.  I was looking for the server so we could order more drinks and she was nowhere to be found.  I couldn't even flag down any other servers because they all whizzed by so fast that I couldn't get their attention.It was a little weird that they had to give us a wristband so we could drink.  I felt like I was at a waterpark or something.My husband and I were not impressed with the freshness of the sushi or the flavor of the specialty rolls.  The spicy tuna had virtually no flavor and no spice.
5	I would first like to address the wristbands ordeal, as it seems to be a primary concern for the adults. It is displayed at the front counter and often times has to be explained to rude customers in front of us why they do that: they are required to by law. I'd say it's a small price to pay to drink and keep underage kids from recklessness. Not to mention shutting the place down.As far as the food goes, I don't get sushi anywhere else. Sakebomber is the only place I go! And for good reason! Places like Ra don't even light a candle!! It's authentic with a mix of American persuasion and has great original rolls you won't find anywhere else. The prices really range on what you like. It is a well rounded menu.As far as service, I've never had any complaints. It does get super busy on Friday nights so I recommend making a reservation to a avoid having to wait. The servers have always been very sweet and like to strike up friendly conversations when the moment warrants it. The managers like to roam and make a point to introduce themselves and are very eager to help if you have any questions.Bathrooms are small but clean. I always recommend Sakebombers to friends and visiting family.
5	Yummy sushi and good service.  Now the building is a whole different story. It reminds you of something along the line of an old record store, bar or strip club., .  It was very clean and again excellent sushi!! If I'm ever back in town I will return!!!
5	Simply the best. Steve is an artist with seafood. Always treated like family, always leave full and happy. Without a doubt, you will not find more flavorful, more creative sushi at a better price anywhere in town.
5	Reliable quality and customer service. Been in town 3 days and I've been here twice already. And I'm a tough critic!!
5	Stopped by for lunch because I have been craving some good sushi. I was not disappointed. The fish is super fresh. The wasabi is excellent and the miso soup is very nice. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I would definitely go here again.
5	Let's face it, we all have our favorite sushi restaurant and we hate to waiver from what we "know".  Trust me, there is green grass on the other side.  This place has an amazing staff and sushi with a flare.  Hayley my server was the best.  Thank you!
