3	Great when you are in a bind and don't want to run to home depot or lowe's.   Bad if you actually want service (besides the 6 people standing around to direct you where items are)....Ie if you want glass cut/screens made, etc....backed up to 3 weeks.  If you want to pay 2 to 3 times the regular price for something because someone is there to show you where it is...then ACE is your Place....
5	This is really an outstanding ACE store. As a Single Mom trying to 'do it on my own,' the employees here are plentiful and absolutely will go out of their way to help you get what you need. Apparently (some?) of the Ace stores are individually owned; at least that was what I was told when I walked into the nearby Scottsdale location and found a COMPLETELY different (employee-LESS) store. Wow- what a difference an Owner/team makes. FH ACE has a well-stocked store, knowledgeable staff, EXCEPTIONALLY friendly atmosphere and a 150% CUSTOMER-DRIVEN-driven ethic. I mean, no matter when I go in these people - without fail - double and triple serve you to make sure you have what you need. TO THE PERSON they are awesome! It's got to be a top-down thing so kudos to the Owner and Kudos to the team! This store deserves any business you can give them!
5	I went to this ACE on occasion with my family when I was in high school and visiting from college, and then I pretty much forgot about it.Then this past holiday season, I wanted to surprise my mother and do the outdoor Christmas decorations while she was out of town.  I rolled up to the family casa with everything I thought i was going to need... turns out I was short on several accounts and I did not want to drive back into Scottsdale.  A quick search on Yelp, and Paul's Ace to the rescue.I got what I needed on the first, in and out, trip of the day.  However, after getting the basics done I was feeling rather accomplished anddd inspired by things i had seen in the store (dangerous), so back I went.  The staff was really friendly and available to answer the multitude of questions that my foray into intermediate outdoor Christmas lighting came with.Since then i have used ACE for several other random projects, and would rather go to them from the start now vs coming quasi prepared from bigger box stores.  They have good variety and a surprisingly large selection of items (more than you would think would fit into the store) and you aren't paying an arm and a leg for it.  According to my mother, their propane tank swap out is competitively priced, and convenient. For me their staff is always available, and they aren't shy with suggestions.  I also got the feeling that they recognize a lot of regulars and the same people have worked there for awhile.  A bit of that old time Hardware store charm, in a strip mall if you will.P.S. The X-mas lights were a hit.
5	We are very exited for the expansion of the store.  The service is excellent .  It has that small town homey feel, yet can meet all of your hardware needs.
4	When I need something at the last minute, this is where I go. They always have the items that I am looking for. I recently bought 14 different size plexiglass and it was cut texactly to the measurement I needed.The employees are ALWAYS around and helpful.
5	This is a great hardware store.  I can't count how many times they have bailed me out when I need some fasteners, a tool or some building materials right now.   Not only are they a thriving business, but they go out of their way to support and be part of our community.  They are definitely a big asset to our town.
2	Please install an "I NEED HELP" button at the front of your store.  I am happy to wait for assistance.  Too many times I've given up on finding help after walking around the place, and have just walked out.  Lack of assistance is what I expect from the big box stores, but I've paid less and have had more selection in return for being ignored in those giant stores.  I come to Ace for HELP!!  Get it?  That's your selling point opportunity...
5	This is an excellent hardware store. Not only do they have every possible fastener, washer, or other obscure doo-dad you need to finish your project or repair, but the staff is very knowledgeable and give excellent advice.
5	Fountain Hills Ace Hardware is the nicest small town Hardware store with amenities of larger Big Box stores.  Service may be just a bit slow when in a hurry, however the floor employees are almost always with other customers.       In a really big hurry?  Head back to the service desk and ring the bell.  Be prepared to be helped.  Also exit the far back auto doors and there is always a hard working employee more than willing to take you to the exact product you need or find the person that can.  If you are waiting more than a minute or two and getting impatient than it's all on you.  Get some popcorn and relax..     I've shopped this Paul's for 20 years any issue I ever needed resolved they absolutely went out of the way to help.  If they don't have an item for you they most generally will in about 48hrs or less.     Support our community and visit Paul's.  Save your gas.
5	Being a gay couple in Fountain Hills is an oxymoron, so any business that welcomes our business is awesome.  We never lack for great helpful people who are willing to go the extra mile. Pat in the Outdoor area and John who is in the general store area were very helpful and efficient.  Again we appreciate courtesy,  knowledge and the extra effort to be efficient.  Thanks
