5	I had Easy Air come out and install a new system on my house. The technicians that came out were extremely friendly and very knowledgeable about the process. I found their price to be very fair and worth every penny. Now they come out to my house twice a year to service the AC unit, as we all know in AZ, you can't beat that service! I would recommend Easy Air to everyone.
5	I had been having problems with an air conditioner and air handler system in my home for years. I had been receiving conflicting stories from other air conditioning companies as to what the problems were with my system. I was referred to Easy Air and I cant say enough wonderful things about the company. The servicemen were very polite, professional and knowledgeable. They took their time to find exactly what the problems were and gave me answers that other companies could not. They fixed the problems very quickly and took the time to instruct me on the usage of the system. The pricing was wonderful, I couldn't of wished for better. The Easy Air company called a few days later to assure that I was satisfied.  I am so happy with the Easy Air team and their service. A big thank you to Jamie and his team for all your hard work. You have a very loyal customer and I will recommend you highly.
5	Easy Air was one of three bids. They were right in the middle and recommended the right unit for the job. My biggest concern was how could I keep the system clean as this is a rental property. In the past, the tenants never bothered to change the filter even though I supplied them with a one year supply. The solution is to have a permanent filter in the attic which is changed out every six months when the system has its  biannual check.  The service was everything that was promised, respectful, prompt,and they finished in one long day for them. I got their name on the internet and they called in less than 5 minutes after I filled out the request for a price!Use them! In 20 years of living in AZ, I now have a reputable and reliable company to service the HVAC system.
