3	I will definitely go back to the restaurant again. Reasonable prices and pretty standard Pho. I ordered a fried spring roll but they came out sort of cold, which is definitely a no no for me. Imagine a cold fried chicken. However, consider the price and food I think I will go back soon.
4	Recently renovated, so it's much nicer than the old green benches.I usually like to get the rice with meat dishes here. The meat just seems to be fresher than some other Pho places. #29 is my favorite which is rice with chicken and beef.  Chicken was tender, not over cooked and the beef was amazing.There is nothing wrong with the Pho soup here, it's just I don't like the grilled meat at other places so I go for it here.  Prices have gone up as tax is no longer "included" in the prices.Parking is a bit tough, there are only a few spots in front of the restaurant, public transit is a 10 minute bus ride  from Cote Vertu metro station.  Good sized restaurants, even for larger groups.  Service is decent, food came in a reasonable amount of time.  The Friend bananas took an eon though, so order it earlier...but they sure were yummy.
5	Best asian restaurant in St-Laurent ever!!!I have been attending to this restaurant for years. They always start with a nice glass of cold or hot tea which is always good! MY favorite meal is the Pad Thai!! It's so good you will not believe it! Believe me i have tried other pad thai in thai restaurant and it was often "too wet" or even the one at thai express is no where near pho paris pad thai!!For 9$ it's really a good deal and you guys must try it !!  the pad thai has shirmp and chicken inside with a lot of basillic leaf which gives a nice flavor to it.I have tried the pho and chicken and rice which were good but the pad thai is my all time favorite.The service is probably one of the best. No error can be made since you are the one writing you own order on a paper and the kitchen is super fast! No matter what you order! During lunch hour this restaurant is PACKED!! with bombardier employee. This restaurant really looks like crap from outside but belive me when you try the food you will be amazed it's a true GEM!!I hope this review has helped you and don't forget to try the pad thai!Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	Food is good, fresh, cheap!Great pho and grilled meat.Service is fast and friendly!Go there at least twice a week!
1	The service was the worst I've experienced in a long time! First they got my appetizer wrong, then our food came after the whole restaurant had turned over and a new batch of customers had been got their food - even after we asked them twice where our food was. Then they got the main course wrong. It could've been worse- they could have spilled it on me.
2	My family used to eat there all the time and order from there but we've finally stopped. Just so that everyone is aware: the servers do not get any tip; it all gets pocketed by the owners.The last time we were there, we took our family from the states there and the service was substandard so we left a modest tip. The owner's wife came out after us to demand more money because "tip is usually 15%". Please think about it before you return to this ordinary at best restaurant.
5	Best Viet place I've ever been to. Their selection is broader than most other Viet places in Montreal and the quality is irreproachable. Their bo kho and bun Bo hue are especially good. My favourite is a Thai influence dish they have with shrimp and lemongrass soup.
4	Over the past year, my goal has been to discover new and exciting Vietnamese locations to eat and this endeavor has led me to create many Yelp bookmarks. Finally, I'm happy I've had the chance to go eat at Paris Pho.From the exterior it doesn't look like much, nor does it impress when any when you walk in. The staff doesn't necessary try to cater to your needs other than the hush rush type of efficient service to get you to your grub quickly. We walked in and got immediately seated without a word. Warm tea was served to us within the minute. Looking around, I could tell that this place was pretty popular and a lot of action was going on during lunch. I assume the Bombardier employees love coming here as their building is 2 minutes walking distance. We got our menus along with pen and paper where the practice of "write your own order" is expected.We went with the lunch special #46, which consisted of some chicken and beef along with a serving of a salad, spring roll and rice. We got our plates within 10 minutes. Talk about fast.The chicken was tasty, the beef was better. The egg roll and sauce was just right. The rice and salad were in generous portions and all in all, this meal fit the bill. The warm tea washed it all down nicely.The price tag is very reasonable, with the lunch costing me a mere $11.I would have given Paris Pho 5 stars but the service could have been a little better and the tea pot's snout was broken which caused tea to leak on the table whenever we tried poring it. No deal-breakers but worth mentioning.Would come again.
1	I'm only rating 1 star so that it'll show up on the ratings, if I could rate in the negatives, I would. I've been to this restaurant before, and while the first couple times it was okay, it was never impressive. I always get Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup), which is okay but not out of this world, still it's a quick fix for Pho when you don't want to make it yourself.My bf and I usually go to Asie Moderne which is right across the street from Paris Pho, but he'd never been to Paris Pho and we were in the mood for something different, so we decided to head there instead. Worst.mistake.ever!I hadn't gone to Paris Pho since they changed their sign, I remember the food being fresh in my previous visits. This was not the case this past Friday (May 2nd 2014). I ordered the Pho Ga as per usual and my bf ordered Som Tam (green papaya salad), so we could share, as well as the chicken shrimp pad thai and I ordered the strawberry smoothie.The strawberry smoothie was thick, yet quite tasty, the Pho Ga was lacking flavour but at least the ingredients were fresh. This did not seem to be the case for our other orders. Both the som tam and pad thai were disgusting! They both reeked of rotten fish and tasted no better. The chicken and shrimp in the pad thai both tasted spoiled and even the noodles seems to be infiltrated with the smell of rotten fish. What was supposed to be green papaya tasted more like shredded fennel and the spoiled fish taste was over-powering. It was our worst experience ever! We've both had Som Tam/Som Tum before, (never as good as the Tam Som his mom makes - which is the Laotian version of green papaya salad), but we've eaten tasty ones in restaurants before, this was not the case at Paris Pho. We both ended up getting food poisoning. Awesome! -_-
