5	After being with the same lady for 5 years before moving out here from NY I was nervous to try anyone new... So after doing it myself for 5 months I finally had enough. I stumbled upon this place right here on Yelp and I am super excited that I did. I saw Trish who had me in and out in less then 15 minutes. There was no pain at all and she was so pleasant to talk to. A very comfortable experience which is important when getting a brazilian. Not to mention the price was super afforable! If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  It is safe to say that I found my kittys new home :)
5	A friend of mine is a regular at the Pretty Kitty in San Diego and referred me over to the one in Las Vegas. I went today and I LOVED my experience there! Trish is a sweetheart and she made me feel comfortable, educated me about the whole process and is as quick as can be! Being a fast waxer is a PLUS for me because I'd like to be in pain in as less time as possible and she provided me with that! Her prices are reasonable, not like these other places in Vegas that charge $80-$100 a brazilian?! WTH? No, you will NOT get that with Pretty Kitty, brazilians are regularly $50 but I believe, through Jan. 31, 2010 there is a coupon for new customers in the Weekly for $10 off and that makes your grand total of $40! I've researched Vegas salons and I have NOT found anywhere else that offers a brazilian at that price.I am definitely going back there and will absolutely refer my friends and family to go there!
5	There are good waxers then there are exceptional ones such as Trish at The Pretty Kitty. After trying various studio, including Box which I went to several times,  I must say that my experience at The Pretty Kitty cannot be beat. Here's what I love...Trish is great. She's down to earth, friendly and makes you feel very comfortable. She is also very fast and efficient which is always nice. The pain is very minimal with the mix of waxes she uses and on top of all that, the prices are the most reasonable I have  seen. Trish has also been great about educating me on the world of waxing, such as don't let your waxer double dip! Also, all of her girls are trained the same way ensuring no matter who you see you always get the same consistant job. I started visiting Trish over a year ago and will stop to see her anytime I'm back in Las Vegas or San Diego.
5	It took a while for me to be totally convinced to have this done. Pretty Kitty's Trish made me comfortable and relaxed the entire time! I am very impressed and love, love the results!
5	After being with the same lady for 5 years before moving out here from NY I was nervous to try anyone new... So after doing it myself for 5 months I finally had enough. I stumbled upon this place right here on Yelp and I am super excited that I did. I saw Trish who had me in and out in less then 15 minutes. There was no pain at all and she was so pleasant to talk to. A very comfortable experience which is important when getting a brazilian. Not to mention the price was super afforable! If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  It is safe to say that I found my kittys new home :)
5	Great place all around. Lovely decor, friendly owners, speedy, affordable, timely, effective and extra sanitary. What more could I ask for? Trish is fantastic. Highly recommended.
5	I recommend The Pretty Kitty to everyone!!! I have never felt more comfortable getting waxed. I love how the process is quick and the prices are very reasonable. I was shocked with how quick the waxing goes by, especially when you are having a great conversation time flies. Give it a shot, you'll love it!!!
5	my wife is a loyal pretty kitty customer in Pacific Beach, and was so excited to see you guys so close to my vacation home in silverado ranch.courtney did a great job with my wife's kitty.im happy with the results. ha! 5 stars.
5	This was beyond words better than my first experience that I had years ago somewhere else, I was hesitant to try again. It was quick and painless and she made me feel really comfortable- The place was clean, professional and cute. I am going to stay on my six-week schedule my next appt is tomorrow:)
2	I am not sure how this place has gotten so many 5-star reviews. I went there based on all the great reviews, and so I figured everyone had to be right. WRONG. First I walked in, and it looks just like the pictures. It's cute, and they were very quick to help me.Everyone on here raves about Trish, so maybe I should have specifically requested her. Not sure who my girl was, but she was super friendly (which is why it's two stars and not one). But friendly was all she was. She was quick like the rest of the reviews say, but I would have preferred her to go a little slower if it would mean she would have gotten everything... She missed a lot!! She kept telling me how easy I was to wax, and how all the hair is coming up easily (apparently not) It was painful in some areas, but not any more than any other Brazilian. I got home, and I was a little red. Not too bad though.... but man oh man, she missed SOOOOOO much!! I couldn't believe it. She got the underside pretty well, but on the top it was like I never even got waxed. How she missed this I will never know. I have blonde hair, so I guess maybe she couldn't see? But a brush with a hand could tell there was still a lot of hair left. I'm pretty disappointed. I had to go through all that pain, and not even get a complete wax. Now I have to shave on my vacation, and I'm not too happy about that.  I didn't pay $55 to get a half wax. I definitely don't recommend this place. I have been to BOX on the other side of town, and they do a much better/thorough job.
4	Found this place by searching yelp and saw the pretty good ratings. Figured "why not?" Well, Im really glad I did. Ive been here twice and both times, my waxer exceeded my expectations. I have only had my upper lip and sides (sucks, I know) done here. Molly does a fantastic job both times and she's really fast. Everyone is pretty nice. I never wait long. This is probably my wax spot from now on in Vegas.
5	I wouldn't go anywhere else. The service was great, the process was quick (mine was less than 10 minutes so I consider myself very lucky), and it was just an overall as good as an experience can get when someone's ripping the hairs from your bikini area. Seriously though, awesome place. Make sure you arrive on time because they pretty much guarantee that each appointment is 15 minutes so if you're even 5 minutes late they probably won't take you.
5	THIS IS THE BEST WAXING SALON I HAVE EVER GONE TO. I have been to a few, and I have to say that the Pretty Kitty is amazing. They are fast, and prompt. In fact, they are so prompt that if you are 10 mins, or more, late... you have to re-schedule. Their Brazilian waxes are fast... so you dont want to miss you turn. Trish (owner)... use to do mine. SHE WAS AMAZING. And Molly is great too!!!Also, place is very clean. It's actually a very cute and welcoming waxing salon. Trish did a great job picking out the decor. They are fast.... clean... and professional. they do not double dip. I repeat... THEY DO NOT DOUBLE DIP. This is actually a big deal. You won't believe how many waxers out there actually do double dip. Pretty Kitty knows how to do it right, and do it professionally. My first time with Trish... she knows how to make the pain minimal. My fiance loves them too ::wink wink::PS... your first visit is $10 off. And trust me.. that is a good deal since their prices are actually pretty low in comparison to other ones.
5	I love this place! It was around $60 for a Brazilian which I think is very reasonable. I got Molly and she was AMAZING! I was done in around 20 mins which is the fastest waxing job I've ever got and she didn't miss any hairs or anything! Recommendation: take two tylonol before you go in and it really minimizes the pain! Usually I dread going in for a wax, and I was suprised by how pleasent the experience was.Overall: clean, friendly, prompt, fast, everything you could ask for. I definitely recommend.
4	This place is adorable with its pink, black and white color scheme and its shabby chic meets ikea decor.My waxer was great (courtney, i think), very courteous and professional and made me feel totally at ease.  But they use soft wax, which is okay if it works for your body but it's not the best to use on mine.  They recommend waiting 6 weeks between waxes to get the best results.
5	I have been waxed by Molly and Trish and had great experiences with both! I'm an Aesthetician as well so I can be a little picky but I must give credit where credit is due... Pretty Kitty is one of the best in town!
5	My first time, it was a really really wonderful experience! Tricia the owner is wayy awesome! They close at 5 pm and they still took me in at 5:15.. I'm definitely coming back!
2	after reading so many great reviews i decided to try the pretty kitty. i will give them 2 stars for how nice the girls are and how well decorated the shop is. (very cutesy.) i just cannot go back. i have been waxing for about 4 to 5 years now so i know it is not a painless act but this place left me swollen for 2 days. that has never happened. i dont know if it was the wax they used or what but wow. hello pain. the girl was sweet who did mine. it took about 15 minutes but i felt like she went over some parts again and again. (maybe that led to swelling?) she missed a few. i did not leave pleased after wobbling out of there. it is very sad because i wanted to really like this place with all the great yelps and how cutesy it was.
5	Just had my first brazilian today & it was actually awesome! I thought it was going to be an awkward experience but it wasn't at all! Sarah was extremely professional & talked to me the whole time & she made me feel very comfortable.  The prices are great! Other salons were trying to charge me $80-$100 & here it's only $55!  She did it very quickly & still didn't miss one spot! I am definitely planning on going back & highly recommend this place! & plus the decor is superrrr cute! :)
5	Phenomenal! Never thought I would be raving about a Brazilian waxing experience, but here I go. Pretty Kitty is fab. Molly is terrific...fantastic personality (putting you as at ease as one can be in various positions) and uber professional - - quick, thorough and not a double dip in the bunch. And when they say minimal pain, they mean it! The best Brazilian I have ever had. I will be back, and I be recommending Pretty Kitty (and Molly!!) to everyone!
5	This place is the absolute BEST place I've ever had a wax! I used to go here when I still lived in Las Vegas and am hesitant to try a new place now that I live in New York. Trish was amazing - the Brazilian was quick and painless and absolutely perfect - every time. I was in and out within 15 minutes! I had one other girl wax me one time and she was really good too. Everyone that works there is really nice and the place is cute. I just wish they'd open up a New York City location!
5	What a fantastic place!!!!!! This was the best waxing experience I've ever had! Thank you soooo much Trish and Lisa!. See you in six weeks! :)
5	I have heard a lot about the pretty kitty, and after finding a 10 dollar off coupon I decided to see what it was all about.  I had Nina and she was very sweet and professional.  What really sold me on this place was the fact that she came into the room, took a look at my hair and asked me if I could wait another week to get the best results.  She explained that all of my hair hadn't come up and that I'd be better off waiting.  I was sad but I did what I was told.  I came back the following week and had a great experience!  The waxing was easy and was almost painless!  What I had heard about this "10 minute wax" was true!!!  She was so quick and she got EVERYTHING.  Thanks Pretty Kitty!  I'll be back in six weeks.
3	I decided I was ready to try a brazillian for the first time. I did my research on the places around town thru yelp and other things and decided this was place would be the best place to go. My first attempt at going here didnt work out because they said I wasnt ready and told me to wait another week. I appreciated this so much because I really did want this to be a good experience and worth the money I was spending. When I returned on the appropriate day. The women was really nice, she calmed me and talked to me the whole time, reminded me to take deep breathes and everything. She made me feel as comfortable as I could even though I was in such a vulnerable position.I even mentioned that it was my first time and I saw on yelp that I could get $10 off and they gave it to me. I wish I could give them 5 starts bt I just cant because of the aftermath. I do have really sensitive skin and I should have known when I got into the room and saw the the wax was not the usual wax I see at salons, usually pink or yellow and clear like, this wax was dark in color purple and had a metallic shine to it, but I went ahead and did it anyways. By the time I got home my skin had already broken out in a painful rash. When I called to ask what I should do the lady over the phone giggled and said take some benadryl. Im sure im not the first person this has happened to and I just dont see why she had to giggle. My lady parts are pretty serious to me, although I cant help but laugh a little as I write this. The ending results are that the rash has lasted 3 days, theres still a bit of little hairs left which I guess is supposedly normal for your first time, and Kitty IS NOT very pretty.
5	It's like going to the gyno: I want it FAST, FRIENDLY, PROFESSIONAL, and CLEAN! Which is exactly what PK gave me. I swear, I was in and outta there in 10 minutes =) In fact, I was talking to my lady so much that I (KINDA) forgot what I was in there for......Who am I kidding.......I'm getting my hooha landscaped.
5	I love the Pretty Kitty! I've been going there since April of this year and I only see Nina. She's a perfectionist and makes sure everything is taken care. I've become a waxaholic. I get my half leg, underarms, and Brazilian every 6 weeks and its always worth it. My hair growth has thinned out a lot. I'm always greeted with smiles and friendly faces. As a plus size woman they make me feel very comfortable and given the circumstances of the visit, I love that the most. I would recommend this place to anyone. LOVE THE PRETTY KITTY AND MY KITTY LOVES THEM!!!
5	First timer! Went great :) Victoria was AMAZING & made me feel so comfortable! Racquel (receptionist) was so nice .. I will definitely be coming back!$10 off your first visit with a yelp review
5	Went in for my third wax and had a different girl wax me... and she was also very wonderful and made me feel very comfortable.  I also threw in an underarm wax this time around.  Looovvveee it!!  I have noticed a difference in the hair already and will NOT go back to shaving.  I am a believer!
4	The staff was friendly and helpful and they made this a quick and easy experience! I think I finally found my "place" in Vegas for regular grooming. :)
1	Ended up with a NOT So pretty kitty. While the name and decor is super cute, that's about it.  I have been getting waxed for about three years so when I came to the pretty kitty I was NOT a "newbie".  This was by far the worst I have ever had, normally I don't experience any pain with my waxing.  After my experience at the pretty kitty I was swollen and in pain for 3-4 days.  Not to mention I still had stragglers hanging around and they are quite pricey. Not sure what happened here but wont ever go back.  I have since found the best ever place in Vegas and now have a very "happy and pretty" box.
5	Fastest wax in town ;-)
5	My first and only Brazilian wax spot. Why mess with anything else? These girls are FANTASTIC, I have been going here for nearly 2 years. I've had a few different waxers but Molly is my go-to girl. She's great at what she does and I always feel very comfortable with her. You can find me here, faithfully, every six weeks. LOVE!
5	I couldn't be happier with the entire experience. Fast, friendly and reasonably priced Brazilian. Not a single hair left behind. I prebooked for six weeks out and will continue to do so. :)
5	Love this place. Fast and clean. Molly is awesome
4	I arrived here with a Groupon I purchased. It was a great deal, plus it would give me the courage to try my first waxing. First timer!Needless to say, I was a bit nervous. However, the staff was reassuring and comfortable. They told me what to expect, and definitely didn't make me feel self-conscious. To be perfectly honest, I knew it would hurt a bit, and it did. Not going to lie about that. The waxing came out great, and I'm very much looking forward to the long term effect of not having to shave! I definitely have to say I'll be back when I need a wax. The place was clean, the staff was organized and very friendly, and I loved that they offered a Groupon. Thank you, Pretty Kitty, for making my first experience great!
2	They seemed friendly when I walked in...my person was even on time...actually early...and I thought that was great.  Well it seems like she was in a hurry and that is why she was early.  She rushed me into her room...spoke a million miles a minute and asked questions like she was in a speed round of 20 questions. She waxed me so fast which I don't so much mind but she was abrasive and there was not a gentle moment or asked if I was doing okay. I have had Brazilian waxes before and this was the worst and most painful I have ever hadand she ripped my skin there.  I still have credit for one more wax but I won't be going back.
5	I am dreading the day I move out of Las Vegas and have to find a new waxing salon! Pretty Kitty is super amazing and they always offer GREAT deals! Don't risk your precious body parts anywhere else!!!!
5	Never deviating from the Pretty Kitty again! As long as I can help it my waxes will be at the Pretty Kitty. After flouncing around a bit at different waxing places I can't help but come back to PK and be completely and utterly happy with my wax. The wax itself, the niceties of the staff, and the quick, quick, super QUICK, yet good job the waxers do.I've been to other salons around town which shall go unnamed and I have been ranging from disappointed to downright pissed with my wax job. I have also realized I much prefer normal wax over hard wax. Yadda yadda, there's pros and cons to both. However I know one thing - normal wax is less painful for me.When I went to get my brazilian, I also got my eyebrows done. Victoria does a fab job with eyebrows. I have never had that much attention paid to my brows. She waxes, plucks, and snips all the wayward hairs away. I was left with perfectly waxed and trimmed brows.I could not be happier with the waxing services I receive from PK.
4	Okay, so I decided to try TPK because they're open on Sundays and my previous waxer is not. Also, I had some issues with lots of missed hairs previously.It was super easy to get an appointment. After my appointment, I found out some stuff that might have been nice to tell a first-timer at booking. Primarily, they book clients in 15 minute blocks. The upside of this: your wax will take 15 minutes or less! The downside: if you're late for your appointment, you've taken precious minutes out of your wax and thrown their whole schedule out of whack...so they won't take you at that time. I've heard that it's kinda tough to get an appointment after being late, so don't do it.Anyway, the wax: Jessica was my aesthetician. Super friendly and set a relaxed mood. They have wipes in the rooms so you can freshen up before your wax, which I love. There is no double dipping here and everything feels very clean. I've been getting Brazilians for years, so I went in with previous pain tolerance. BUT, I hadn't been waxed in a while, so I was prepared for more pain than usual. In all honesty, there were only two strips that hurt for more than a second. The rest were about as close to painless as this gets. Obviously, huge plus.The only, only thing I wish was different is the price. It's pretty in line with most places in the city, but ugh. It's still not so much fun to pay, even if it's only every 6 weeks or so. All in all, I'll be back!
5	I love Pretty Kitty.  They do such a good job.  It is super easy to get an appt.  They are never running behind (so don't be late!) and they do a brazilian in about 10 mins.  I can't ask for anything more.  The waiting room is really cute and girly and everyone who works there has been very friendly.  Sometimes they have $10 off coupons in The Weekly for new clients.  So check that before you go.  Even without the coupon it is very reasonable.  The first time I went they told me my hair wasn't long enough and I need to reschedule in a week or so.  That was nice.  They said that if I really wanted they would still do it but that it would be a waste of money and I should just wait.  That was really nice.  I appreciated that.  I'm sure some salons would just wax you and send you on your way.  They also sell body brushes to exfoliate and a roll on serum that help prevent ingrown hairs.  I highly recommend getting both if you are going to continue waxing.  They weren't to expensive and last quite awhile.  They say they take walk-ins but it seems like they are always booked so I would def call ahead.
4	I called and was able to get a same day appointment with Amelia. She did my Brazilian and it was so fast and easy...I think I was done in 15minutes. She didn't try and sell me anything just made some suggestions....I will be back.
5	I had to Review Pretty Kitty ... 2 weeks ago I went and have my first Brazilian ... I was nervous for sure anticipating excruciating pain ... I went to the Henderson location.... Upon arrival It was love at first site .. Clean, organized , nice staff and perfect decor !! I saw Kirsty and she was a doll ... You can imagine something if the sort being uncomfortable ... She made me feel very comfortable and was very informative !! Within 15 minutes I was done and 100% satisfied !!!It hurt but not nearly as much as I expected !! The girls suggested a natural exfoliation brush and a serum to reduce ingrown hairs which I both highly suggest for a more satisfactory result !! I got the chromabrite serum and already notice results !!! But exfoliation is aMust to avoid ingrowns !! I was excited to hear I didn't have to return for 6 weeks, I was expecting 3 weeks. I will, without a doubt, return in 6 weeks for my wax at the Pretty Kitty with Kirsty. And I am a loyal customer from here on out !!! Thanks Pretty Kitty for making my first experience more than tolerable !!... This review i wrote in March 3rd ... and I am going for my 3rd wax on sunday .... I will never shave again !!!!
5	Let me get myself together so I can pronounce this for all of you who are nervous. If you doubtful and you said to yourself let me check out yelp.com and see what pretty kitty is like. You mite be a little worried in your sprit. I did a review just for you. I can tell you that once your in you will feel relaxed at home safe & cared for. (Once inside they spoil you rotten to the core.) Your the very center of everything you will not only love this but you will enjoy it. For some of you well you will keep this place a secret others will share it.  (Some ladies like to keep everything secret...But I like to keep open hands. So, I can get a blessing & give blessing.)               I wanted to do a step by step of what goes on. But I decided not to however I will say I got the Brazilian (Sexy Giggles) inside the TPK its immaculate & pretty stylish. The employees who have the pleasure of waiting on you hand and foot are above professional. The entire process is painless and everything is done swiftly. I am 5000 percent more than just satisfied and I'm quite sure you will be as well. TPK is just right for me. I hate to shave but love to keep my kitty smooth & pretty.
5	Jeannie is an angel from heaven! So nice and professional.First (technically second -first place did a half ass job on my legs) real waxing experience. HEAD TO TOE. I hate hair. I feel absolutely wonderful still and it is two days later.Completely relaxing experience. Yes. Relaxing.The only painful part is paying but since it's about $135 for a Brazilian in a hotel it really isn't THAT BAD and completely justifiable, ok ladies? Do it! Or don't. I'm fine looking alot better than ladies that don't wax ;)
5	Love it here!  They do such a great job and are very professional.
5	I love this spot, I've been waxed by most of the girls there and everyone one has been quick and professional. I have a back injury that affects how I can lay down and they always work with me on it so that I'm comfortable and relaxed.
4	I recently moved into the area and chose The Pretty Kitty based on reviews. Pros: I like that it is so easy to get an appointment compared to my previous esthetician. The girls that work there seems nice and the price is pretty good.Cons: Compared to the 2 private practice estheticians that I used to see the experience is pretty rushed and impersonal. The 15 minute window for them to rush and finish up makes the whole experience a bit uncomfortable. I don't really like the all soft wax procedure because hard wax seems do give a cleaner finished product with fewer leftover hairs. Though I preferred my previous estheticians to The Pretty Kitty it is still a nice place, just not for me.
5	Jessica is amazing!!  Has always made me feel comfortable and has made getting a brazilian an enjoyable experience.  I always make my appointments in advance so that I know I will have Jessica.  Love her!!
5	Love this place always sooo friendly and make you feel at home. Wish there were more deals for customers!
1	One star for being so accommodating to my schedule. There is always an availability whenever I call. I've been here a few times only because it's so close to my house. Each experience has been mediocre. I've gotten Brazilians before so I know to expect the pain. I just don't get why the all the girls here have to re-wax the same areas multiple times before they pick up all the hairs. My go-to girl in LA gets it right the first time.. but I digress.. I had an appointment today and when I asked if I could go to the restroom before we got started, my waxer-of-the-day Candace blatantly said "no" because I was "2 minutes late." I thought she was kidding so I asked again and again she told me "no." What the hell? I'm only 2 minutes late, not 20. There was nobody else waiting. Please don't act like you are doing me a favor by taking me even though I was "late." I tell her forget it, I don't want a wax anymore. As I'm walking out she sarcastically says, "Oh you're welcome to use the restroom now." Geez.
5	Im gonna make this short and sweet because really this is private business - pun totally intended...but there is a reason why all "professional" las vegas industry women go here (so I've only heard)!There is a really sweet yelp check-in coupon for new customers!
5	I went to TPK a few years back, with a coupon, and thought the wax was great. Cue the recession and while I wanted to keep up my grooming I couldn't pay the $55 at TPK (not that it is so pricey now but at the time I needed something more wallet friendly) so I went to a different waxing parlor that was cheaper; the trade off was that it was further away and they used hard wax. I remembering being surprised by how painful my first Brazilian was at the new place but chalked it up to me being sensitive. Flash forward to yesterday: the economy has improved and TPK is right next to my work so I made an appointment with Amelia. I was absolute FLOORED by how quick they were and more importantly, how pain free it was. The soft wax used by TPK, for me, made all the difference when it comes to pain. My Brazilian and my underarms took 15 minutes MAX. It was absolutely brilliant. I give them 5 completely-not-awkward and definitely-not-painful stars.
4	Amelia was great. She worked quickly and efficiently while distracting me with conversation. She made me feel totally comfortable even in a precarious situation, LOL.The inside of the shop isn't as glamorous as other waxing places I've been to in the past, but this is one of those in and out type services. I don't want to spend too much time here so I don't really care what it looks like. The one hiccup I had was that I booked 3 services and, at the end of the first one, she told me we were finished and she'd be waiting outside. I asked her for the other 2 but she said she wasn't sure she had time. I told her that they specifically scheduled me at that time for all 3 waxing services. She did wind up doing all 3 but I felt rushed. I suspect that it was more of a scheduling error and since they book in 15 minute time blocks, she has no choice but to move things along quickly. I liked that I got an information card about how to care for the area post-wax. That was a nice touch. I'll be back!
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE. I was so excited to finally try out this waxing place, but it was nothing but a mess. First of all, they have this outrageous policy that if you are younger than 18 you can NOT get a Brazilian wax EVEN with a parents approval. I went to a different location, lied about my age (I was 17) and got a Brazilian wax. This place uses strip wax. The worst and most painful. I was bruised and had horrible irritation. The wax only lasted 4 days. My advice... Go to European Wax Center. It is SO much better.
2	I found reviews of Pretty Kitty on Yelp but I pass it daily.  My previous Estetician at a smaller salon was out of town so I went on Yelp looking for another spa as I was taking a quick trip the next day and could not wait for her to return.I'll start with the good aspects first- the staff was extremely friendly. The atmosphere was clean, warm & inviting. The music was calming and tranquil, however, my Estetician (Amelia) was in a rush to finish my wax. It felt as if the company was having a contest on who can complete as many waxes as possible in a short amount of time. I understand the "Out In 15 Minutes" Gimick but not when quality suffers.It didn't make sense because I arrived 15 minutes early. The Estetician took me back right away and I was rushed the entire time.  The waxing literally took 10 minutes to complete.  Granted I did not request a Brazilian, I requested a partial. The warm inviting atmosphere was disturbed because of the "timed" wax experience. For $45 I expected a little more gentler service. She didn't even cool the wax at times before applying it. Ouch!!!  After the rough, rushed wax session, I expected her to finish the wax with a soothing oil but she made me wipe off the extra wax myself.  As I gave my skin a quick wipe-over with oil, I was amazed to see a blood stained wipe..I was prepared to pay the extra $17 (compared to my regular Esthetician) if I liked the Pretty Kitty and become a Regular but I will just stay with my other Estetician.  She is more economical and very gentle. And it only takes her 15 minutes to complete my wax.Service is number one, I didn't get that here..
1	This place use to be great but disappointingly it has changed. Much like recent reviewers there new goal is only to get you in and out in 10 minutes. Customer service is totally forgotten. In a rush they missed many patches that I wanted fixed but was never even given an opportunity to address . The owner is totally out of touch and has no loyalty to her loyal clients. She's only concerned with making sure your in and out. it's turned into a factory not a spa and don't bother telling Tricia because she does not care even though I was once one of her first clients.
3	I'm updating my review due to my last experience. It was so rushed and when I got home spots were missed and I ended up with so many ingrown hairs. I've never once had ingrowns and I could tell it had a lot to do with the way the girl was doing it. I'm not sure if ill be going back anymore.
5	Doesn't matter if I'm at home in CA or visiting family in NV, this is the only place I will go. The staff is always friendly and fast... I always have a great experience at Pretty Kitty.
1	Tricia's comment is absurd, I question anyone reading this to think how there estheticians would come up with this theory about eyebrow waxing as you are suppose to have some privacy after your waxing. I took and extra minute getting ready after my wax because I was noticing what a bad wax job had been done, I explained this to Tricia . I had no intention of ever coming there again because it's so rushed now this is evident by many other reviewers like one lady who was told she could not even use the restroom before her wax. I posted my original review because it is really disappointing the changes I have no idea why the owner is trying to refute it with her unsubstantiated eye brow waxing story . Sad....
5	This is a very personal experience.  I have been to several spa's for waxing and hands down this has been the BEST! I was terrified when I first went in...after my wax appointment I left impressed and without torture.  I love this place. Thanks Pretty Kitty!
5	Simply put, the best experience I've ever had waxing. Very clean, professional, friendly, and quick. She promised 15-20 mins. We were so busy chatting that before I knew it, I was done! I will definitely recommend this place to my friends and will be back!
1	I decided to give the pretty kitty one more try because I liked that it seemed more private than other places. I won't try again. Last time I was here wax was dropped on my eyelid and I had an incredibly painful swollen eye for over a week. Today, I was to try again. I was not advised of 5 min late policy. Unfortunately busy professionals sometimes run a few minutes late. I was turned away and offered an appointment an hour later when aestheticians were just standing at the counter. I won't be back. I never made a complaint about the horrible burn I received because I realize people make mistakes but this is just a lack of customer service.
4	When so visit a salon I expect certain things. 1. I want the experience2. The staff should be talented, knowledgeable, and friendly. 3. I want to enjoy my time while there. From start to finish I enjoy my experience their. The staff is friendly and the waiting area is pretty and welcoming. Yes it's a little pricey plus throw in a $15 tip (please tip) but it's worth it. The name says it all, people may go their for different services but we all know why you're really there. I have never felt uncomfortable during the process. Since moving to Henderson I haven't wanted tried another salon simply because they have never given me a reason to. I've had a coupl of scheduling mix ups but they always recover well. If you're a first timer and nervous they have a tips page on their website.
5	Hey girls are always sweet and take great care of me. I can always schedule day-of appointments and my eyebrows take no longer than 10 -15 minutes. Great service!
5	They do a great job.  Very cute little boutique.  I had a Brazilian and it was quick (but not rushed) and the esthetician did a great job talking with me so I didn't feel uncomfortable.
4	Well ladies, its just a necessary appointment to make when someone other than yourself is in that area...you know what i mean. I like the pretty kitty because they can always get me in the same day, the technicians are so quick with removal its only awkward for a moment and every time i have a nice conversation with the trained staff. also one of the main reasons i prefer PK is because its actually pretty insideso go!
5	I got an eyebrow wax and I am pleased. After having two bad experiences at other places this place pretty much salvaged my eyebrows!  My esthetician was Ana and she was so friendly.  I told her how my eyebrows were jacked up and jow I really wanted them andbafter she cleaned them up she asked me a couple of times to see how I liked it and what I would like to fix it and she was so nice about it. Very happy and will be back again! The wax was $20 and in no way felt rushed I was able to do a same day appt of within 15 min.
