4	A great butcher with a good selection of affordable meats.  They also sell some canned goods.  The owners are very kind and let me in to shop even though they were past closing time.
4	Magnificent! If you are looking for a butcher then this is an excellent place to go to!A large assortment of meats to pick up here. I came for Duck, it was perfect...HUGE too...and reasonably priced.My only concern is that it closes kinda early.Really nice people too. If I moved to the Montreal area, I would be here ALL the time!
5	A staple in my list of places to shop, here you will find real butchers who know how to prepare meats.  My "This is the only place I have found to get this"   items are, the Piccana ,a Brazilian speciality which consists of really tender cut of beef, that has a layer of fat on one side.  To prepare you cover it with kosher salt (big chunks), then you sear the meat side quickly on very hot heat then flip the piece over so the fat is on top.  We have been finishing it off in the oven, all that salty fats infuse the meat and it is to die for.The next items we love from here are the homemade sausages, both the Toulouse and their spicy Italian.  They know how to prepare their meats and are always spot on, on one occasion I was told to try stuffing an orange in a whole chicken, which I had spiked with garlic and covered with fresh rosemary.  The result was awesome and is now my go to with chicken, the oils from the orange keep the bird super moist from the inside, and don't worry it won't taste like orange.Do yourself a favour and try these very friendly and knowledgeable butchers, if your a meat lover then you will be thrilled with your new discoveries.
4	They had a fire a few months back and I really hope they can reopen but so far no news, does anyone out there have any recommendation for piccanna?
4	Alim-Pot is a great butcher with reasonable prices for meat, cheese, and a small selection of other grocery items - especially Portuguese items. $3.50 for 2 dozen quail eggs is one of the cheapest prices I have found anywhere, and most of the other prices are comparable. You can get some exotic cuts of meat, including many parts (pig hearts, intestine, etc), if you're into nose-to-tail cooking. The staff is very friendly, too.
