4	We went on the 4 Peaks Adventure this afternoon. It was an awesome time, so glad we went. We met in Fountain Hills and clambered into the Hummer. There are 2 sections - one open air on top and 4 seats in the back. Our guide Robby was excellent. Great job on pointing out the various cactuses, the many amazing features of the hummer, and he didn't sound like he had done it a million times before. He had a lot of experience with the vehicle, which helped make it pretty comfortable. I was nervous it would be bumpy and painful (since I have RA) and I was absolutely fine. Although there were moments I squeezed my eyes tight shut when he did the thrill part of the ride - going down and up the steep hill ... but at all times I felt perfectly safe. Beware of the teddy cactus - it blew on my shoe but Robbie & MH got it all off. Scenery beautiful - lake beautiful - you really get a sense of how difficult the land is to traverse and survive in. Good tips on the nutritional value of cactus. You will get dusty and there's no bathroom break for at least 2 hours so be prepared. But it's so worth it. Water and snacks were provided, and he even offered them to us again at the end for our ride home. Also he took photos of us, and presented each group with a photo tour CD which included the ones he took of us. All made unobtrusively from the car. He does ATV-ing too. You will have fun, probably even if you don't think so at first! Can't recommend it highly enough - I would go again, esp. on the night tours they also offer. Wish I was here to go when the desert blooms ...
5	My daughter and I chose the 4 hour ATV ride.  Our guide, Chad made the trip fun for people of all ability levels.  This is a first class operation.  Great tour, lots of fun, I highly recommend it!
4	Just cashed in our groupons for these bad boys a few weeks ago and had a great time, even if it did mean getting up before 8 a.m. on a Sunday. The staging site near 4 Peaks was easy to find and the company provided all the gear we'd need-- helmets, goggles, water, confidence, you name it. Luckily it had just rained the night before so instead of dust flying everywhere, we got splashed with mud. I'd rather get muddy and have some great views of the Valley sans pollution than ride through a constant cloud of dust, a la Pigpen.The guide was super experienced and he let some of the faster riders up towards the front and the slower riders in the back so people could go at their own pace. We of course managed to get squashed in the middle behind a couple who couldn't decide whether they wanted to be speed racers or terrified school girls. That kinda put the kibosh on us really letting loose, but we still managed to pick up some speed along the way and really enjoy the trail. Since we weren't allowed to bring anything with us, the guide provided water and even took our pictures so we could download them later. All in all, I'd definitely recommend Stellar Adventures if you're looking for a little half-day trip or want to treat some out-of-town guests. It's a little pricey though, even with the groupons, but worth the splurge if you're up for a little action.
5	Loved, Loved, Loved it. Chad was amazing! This was an incredible ride. The company is super professional, responsive and did a wonderful job taking care of us. Chad made the experience for all of us. He was fun, very informative, and really customized our ride for us based on all our driving skills. I would do this again in a heartbeat. Totally worth it. Thanks Chad. (and JJ)
5	Every year you have a choice to make. Do you fight the extreme shopping crowds of Black Friday, or do you do something... anything... else. As I do every year, I went with the latter.  I booked an ATV tour with Stellar Adventures. Stellar stood out from the other ATV tour/rental companies because they seemed to be the only one I could find that would allow my 13 year old son to drive an ATV himself. We signed up for the Four Peaks Tour. The tour takes you through some of the desert trails of the Tonto National Forest. This was a first time experience for all of us. Chad, our guide, took his time to explain how to use the ATV's and made sure everyone was comfortable. He was very knowledgeable of the trails and the area as well. His experience enhanced the tour, since he was able to stop along the way to explain what the trail ahead had in store, while also pointing out mountain ranges, lakes, and other tid bits.There were some slightly challenging areas along the trails, but everyone was encouraged to go at their own speed. No one was expected to do anything that made them uncomfortable. It was very clear that safety was a priority. This was an awesome time. I'd recommend it for locals or tourists. If you've never ridden an ATV, this is a great way to try them out. We will definitely be bringing out of town guests on this tour in the future, and may even buy our own ATV's, it was that much fun.
5	Can't say enough about our ATV adventure and chad our guide.  Chad was very informative and matter of fact which I loved, having three teenage boys in tow.  My youngest son has autism and rode with Chad on his ATV.  Chad was caring and patient with him and my son was thrilled!!! Highly recommend.
5	Amazing experience with Chad!!! Top notch guide! He was considerate, kind, fun, knowledgeable and funny! The ATV tour at 4 Peaks is a MUST DO for locals and tourists alike! This outfitter exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend them!  They now have a customer for life! Thanks JJ and Chad.
