5	A beautiful facility with lovely staff.  Rita was very helpful today.  Fantastic website!  Will update once my pugs get their check-ups!  Welcome back, Dr. Ensign!
5	Buddy Bear went for his first vet visit today and they treated him great here. Dr. John Ensign was really nice and extremely helpful. Very nice facility and the staff is super friendly. Ask about their puppy visits. We're definitely going to take advantage of that. I would recommend Boca Park Animal Hospital to everyone.
5	Boca Park Animal Hospital is a new and exciting one stop EVERYTHING for cats and dogs!Seperate entrances for our extended family, makes just walking in a joy.RitaAnn will remember you're name and you're beloved pet.Corrie adores animals and makes letting go...comfortable.Rachel showed immediate  expertise while I waited for my  puppy's first surgery to go right..xoDr. John Ensign's vision of this Veteniary "Wonderland" is an amazing facility, and is a blessing for our animal loving community.Easy to find..the JUMBO doggy screen, lights up Rampart Blvd!...SOOO VEGAS!Calling all dogs and cats..a must  see!My pets are my family,  and Dr. John has taken pet care to a new level without breaking the bank.Thanks Amy for grooming my dog today, he looks "Marvelous",
5	All veterinary doctors should take a page from Dr. Ensign book on how to care for your pets, I have dogs all my life and none of the Vets I know care as much as Dr. Ensign.Even if you live far away you should go to his clinic if you want the best care that you can get you loving pets. All the staff was caring and very professional. Highly recommend this veterinary hospital.
5	I brought my 10 year old Yorkie, Trixie, to Boca Park AH after reading the reviews and due to the close proximity to my home. My husband and I just relocated to Vegas from the East Coast, so we were asking around for vet recommendations, but then had to make a quick decision due to Trixie's illness (a lump we found in her right front leg). Trixie began limping at the beginning of December and then it got worse to the point she couldn't put her paw down. I called and made an appt with TJ over the phone and she was able to schedule us for the following day.  I was also able to email Trixie's vet records from our previous vet prior to our visit.  When we arrived for our appointment, TJ at reception greeted me warmly, had me fill out new patient paperwork and she took a photo of Trixie for her patient records. Shortly thereafter, the vet tech, Raquel, took us to an exam room where she looked at Trixie and took some preliminary notes before Dr. Ensign examined her. Raquel was personable, professional and compassionate.  She really took a genuine interest in Trixie and took detailed notes.  Dr. Ensign came into the exam room about 15 minutes later and gave Trixie a thorough exam. He was very gentle with Trixie and Trixie really liked him a lot - she didn't flinch or put up a fuss when he examined her.  Dr. Ensign provided a detailed diagnosis and discussed our options/next steps. I scheduled Trixie for her blood panel work the next day and surgery early the following week. Trixie's surgery went well and her biopsy came back benign (thank goodness). She went in for a follow-up visit one week later, then had her stitches taken out a week after that. Her recovery has progressed nicely and she's walking at all with no problem. She's back to her sparky, bubbly self. Top Ten Reasons Why We Love Boca Park Animal Hospital:1. Dr. Ensign and his staff are all very friendly, professional and knowledgeable. 2. Facilities are top notch - expansive, state-of-the art, very clean and modern. 3. They have on-site grooming and also offer training and pet shuttle services.  4. Nice, clean, low-stress pet resort at various price points. I took a tour of the pet resort and plan on having our dogs stay there the next time we go out of town. It's nice to know that in the event one of our dogs were to become ill while we were away, their regular vet is on-site to take care of them!  Great peace of mind!5. Web site is awesome! Lots of detailed info and photos.6. They have Saturday hours!7. Lots of parking. 8. Nice outdoor exercise area for dogs.9. Separate entrances for dogs and cats.10. Conveniently located in Summerlin area.Even though we had to take Trixie to Boca Park Animal Hospital for an urgent illness, we plan on taking our other 2 dogs as well for their regular vet check-ups and shots.
5	I brought my dog Jax into Boca Park with chronic ear issues. They were prompt, friendly, and professional in coordinating my appointment in just 48 hrs (I had contacted them late Friday night, they had arranged for previous vet record transcripts and an appt for us by 3:00pm Monday).The staff was friendly and the faculty clean, organized, and transparent which I really appreciated. The dctr was fully present during his time with my dog, not rushed or impatient.  He had taken the time to read the email I had sent detailing the concerns I had about my dog before the appt.  He went through several options for treatment, weighed their pros and cons with me, gave me his recommendations, and then left.  His staff prepared an itemized quote for me which I felt was fair. I was not pressured in anyway to commit on the spot for any of their services.  My dog will be returning for his procedure in 2 days time and was given a detailed care plan/meds in between now and his surgery date.  I will update my review based on my upcoming experience through a surgical procedure and aftercare. As of now, I am impressed with their level of care and interest and feel as though I have made a good decision by putting my dog's care in their hands.
5	It has been several weeks since Jax's surgery and I couldn't be happier with the care and consideration myself and my dog have received. His after-care was handled well and a long term care plan is in place that is not over zealous; ie super $$$His ear issues as well as some discovered dental issues are finally addressed and under control after a 6+ months running around with other vets.Do yourself and your pet a favor; Invest in a man and a staff that care about your pet and will provide you superior care and service.
5	I brought my 5 month old husky here for her first shots in December.  We made an appointment before and didn't even wait 10 minutes before Dr. Ensign came in to see us.  He made me feel very comfortable and was really knowledgeable about huskies and the type of dog food she should eat. (She gets really bad gas, lol). He also recommended a trainer for her, as we were looking to get the basic obedience. Michaels Angel Paws uses the outside area for training and I started taking my pup on Monday nights. Steph was an awesome trainer.We also decided to go to the groomers here, (to keep everything convenient). I've used other groomers but have been nothing but disappointed. They are awesome as well.Overall, Dr. Ensign is a great vet with great recommendations and a great staff. I'll be bringing any future animals here from now on.
5	I had no idea my pets were going to The Motel 6 (not to knock the brand) of veterinary clinics until I visited Boca Park Animal Hospital with my cat yesterday and found myself in The Four Seasons!  This is the most beautiful state of the art animal facility I have ever seen. It rivals human clinics!  It smells clean, is bright and sparkly as is the staff who were warm and inviting. There is doggie day care, grooming, boarding, a pharmacy as well as surgical suites and radiology. There could be no nicer place to bring your Lucky pet. And as I sat with Dr. Ensign for more than 30 minutes learning lots about Kittyboo as well as my dog I realized I didn't even know the name of my former vets who were constantly rotating. This is a local clinic with a local doctor who gives personalized service and clearly enjoys what he does and has a passion for animals.
5	The staff is very friendly and we immediately felt at home here, more importantly, so did our pets.  Dr. Ensign is amazing with the animals and talked with us extensively about his philosophies and answered all our questions. The staff is very knowledgeable as well, and we knew our dogs will be in good hands here. They were so relaxed, they even fell asleep while we were talking with Dr. Ensign.Prices are reasonable and there is training and a groomer onsite.  We took our puppies here for a puppy visit a few weeks after their first visit, just so they could play and associate vet visits with fun.
5	WOW! My vet appointment was by far the best vet experience I've ever encountered...and my dog is nearly 11 and we move often for the military so I've seen LOTS of different vets over the years.  The nurse and vet were both extraordinary, taking plenty of time to talk, get to know my dog, find out everything of his 10 yr history.  Nothing was rushed.  The facility is truly incredible and the front staff were so friendly and helpful. I was given a tour of the boarding and vet facilities.  I have nothing bad to report about Boca Park vet and will definitely refer friends there.
5	My puppy visits the Boca Park Animal Hospital doggy daycare at least 4x a week. He has a blast and comes home exhausted. I am incredibly grateful to have found a safe place for my puppy to get socialized and have fun. The entire BPAH team continues to impress me with their animal care knowledge, top notch customer service and love for animals. We also see Dr. Ensign for his veterinary care. Doc is a terrific vet and answers all my crazy puppy parent questions with a smile.
5	My name is Tootsie and I'm a Shi-poo puppy. I come here almost every day for day-care and I love it!  The staff are AMAZING, love all the animals and treat us like children. Also my parents are so happy because they know that I'm very well cared for. When I go to the park I hear my parents telling their friends that this place has the best customer service, the staff provide loving care and are highly professional. I can't wait to go back there tomorrow - come and have some fun with me!
5	This review is for their boarding suites.  I had to board my dog over Memorial Day weekend for the first time EVER because it seemed like everyone I knew was on vacation that weekend and couldn't watch her.  I was devastated at the thought of leaving her in a cage at our regular vet (not Boca Park Animal Hospital), because that's all they have: CAGES.I researched around and found Boca Park Animal Hospital.  I asked for a tour and they happily obliged.  I was so relieved when I saw that there are actual ROOMS for the dogs with enough room to move around and play in.  I was automatically feeling better about leaving her here.  The VIP suite that I booked also comes with three hours of play each day for her and a bath, all for only $55 a night!  Let me repeat that: a big room, three hours of outside time every day, and a bath for $55 a night!  Sold.And perhaps the coolest thing is that they email you a link to a camera in the room so you can check on your baby whenever you want.  Honestly, I checked that thing like every 15 minutes.I was very happy with the gal that took care of my dog (I feel so bad I can't remember the worker's name).  She was happy and welcoming, and just had a very chill vibe about her so that Olive would be comfortable with her.  PS, if you go on their website, there is a coupon for buy 2 nights, get the third one free!
5	I can not say enough good things about Boca Park Animal Hospital. Everyone I came in contact with was super. I took my Golden Retriever, Finnegan there for a nasty ear infection. Dr. Ensign spent a lot of time with us and explained his plan of care for Finnegan.Two weeks later when I took Finnegan in for a check on his ears I brought Gypsy, my Sheepadoodle too. I was really anxious about her getting her immunizations. Again, Dr. Ensign took his time and took extra precaution to avoid any reaction to her shots.Prices are very reasonable...but you can't put a price tag on caring and humane treatment. For my two babies this place is priceless .
5	July 30 2014I brought my cats to see Dr. Ensign at Boca Park Animal Hospital a couple of weeks ago and was very impressed with the staff and very much with Dr. Ensign. My cats Thurston and Lovey are 2.5 years old and needed a wellness check and one shot and the level of comfort that the Doctor brings into a room when he walks in and starts talking to you I found very comforting. I've never been to a vet where before he touches your animals he talks to you asking questions and makes you feel like like your the only ones in the office that day. His Assistant who was terrific did the vitals and the Dr. also does them after talking to you. I've had Dogs and Cats throughout my life and of course have been to other vets and it's usually rush, rush. Not Dr. Ensign and for that I can't thank him enough. By discussing your Dogs/Cats he will give advice and you can also tell he's not into unnecessary testing and will ask you to try alternative's before an invasive procedure or anything that he feels isn't needed at that time. if you have concerns you can see he's open to what your saying and will give you sound advice. I could say more but lets end this with I'm very impressed with the Staff and Dr. and wish him much success and he has all the latest equipment. Give Boca Park and Dr. Ensign a try and see if what I'm saying isn't true.Paul
5	I highly recommend Dr. Ensign and Boca Park Animal Hospital.  As a first time dog owner, I was extremely impressed with the care and time Dr. Ensign, nurse Raquel and the entire staff made available our new puppy and me at his first appointment.  I was taken immediately at my appointment time, and did not leave for almost 1.5 hours.  Not only was my puppy thoroughly and thoughtfully examined, but Dr. Ensign provided a comprehensive education on all important parts of puppy care and ownership and had time to answer every question I posed.  BPAH is impressive for many reasons--not the least of which was the method they use to make animals feel at ease at every step of the process.  There is NO hospital, medicinal or animal smell there which is incredible.  Moreover, even when my puppy got his shots, they were done almost without him noticing.  Dr. Ensign's "magic" method of lining up treats for him to eat while nurse Raquel kept his attention by petting and talking to him allowed Dr. Ensign to effortlessly inject the shot without notice.  At no point in the visit did our puppy shake which seems astonishing to me.Moreover, Dr. Ensign invited me to return for 3 "puppy visits" where I will drop off my dog for 1 hour to hang out and play there creating positive memories and experiences for our dog.  Dr. Ensign clearly places a high priority on animal comfort in the BPAH environment.I also appreciate that Dr. Ensign offers quality products at prices below large retail pet stores as a convenience to the families of his practice.  Similarly, I left with the impression that Dr. Ensign prides himself on providing quality services at fair and reasonable prices.  At many points during our visit, he recommended approaches to pet care that saved on office visits while still providing recommended care.  Further, Dr. Ensign's approach regarding discretionary vaccines and treatments is also terrific.  For example, he does not believe in automatically inoculating  for everything.  Rather, for example, if there is a confirmed case of the flu, he sends out an e-mail to his patients to get the vaccine.Today, I received a prompt follow-up on the lab results.  While I have only had one visit, BPAH seems like the perfect fit for our family!  TERRIFIC front desk staff, excellent nurses, beautiful clean environment, and wonderful doctor.  We are very happy to have found this practice!
5	Hands down, the ONLY place for my pup!  I've been boarding my dog here whenever I have to travel out of town and cannot take her with. The staff here is amazing!  They are all super friendly and extremely knowledgable. They have many options for boarding, everything from a standard kennel to "VIP suites" with televisions and cameras so you can keep an eye in your pet when your on the road. Rates vary, but for a standard kennel it is only about $18 a night. I board my pup in a standard 2.5' x 3' kennel, but the staff treat her like a "VIP". As much as I hate leaving my pup behind, knowing she is loved by the staff and treated so well makes it easier!
5	I went out of town a few months ago and was looking for a place to board my two cats, Toni and Solo. This is the place! I was so pleased with how nice and helpful everyone was here. From helping me get the proper records, to setting up the the pet condos, everything went smooth. I have a hard time with leaving my animals new places but they made me feel so comfortable and the video feed to the cat room was a nice feature. They really do let the cats out to roam as I saw when I logged in to see my cats playing and being taken care of by the girls that work there. Friendly on the phone, I never felt like I was bothering them when I called to check up on them. When I picked them up after my trip, the girls seemed to really care about them and made sure I knew everything that went on during the stay. Cant comment on the vet because I have not been back since but my next trip is coming up and my cats are due for some shots pretty shortly so I think Boca Park will be the new vet place for me.
5	Wow!  My yellow lab just had her very first appointment here.  We are new to town and picked them based on their yelp rating.  This is an amazing place.  Everyone there is happy to see you, eager to help, Raquel, the head nurse, Dr. Ensign and every person that I dealt with was amazingly nice, helpful and sweet to my dog.  They spent so much time with me making sure that all of my concerns were addressed.  I did not feel rushed.  And the price was very reasonable.  I am so happy I found them!!
5	Probably wise not to ignore this review if you love your animal. I volunteer at the Nevada SPCA twice a week, my mother is a Ph.D veterinarian & manager of veterinary technical services for Bayer Animal Healthcare. I was literally raised in & around vet labs while she was putting herself through Vet school....ANY way, this will be my longest yelp review to date because of how truly amazed I was and how much I'd like to help educate local pet owners in any way possible.  Over the past 4 years, I've taken my animals to 3 other vet clinics in Las Vegas before today. Boca is my fourth (and will be my last). My cat was limping and had a fever so I feared infection. When I first called, I spoke to Sarah. She was INCREDIBLY professional and friendly. I'm confident that I'm not the only person who realizes customer service and quality of professionalism is at an all-time low approaching 2015, thanks to our over-reliance on technology. Sarah cared. She asked questions and didn't treat me like a number. She gave me the first possible appointment but still made it a point to tell me if it was really bad to just walk on in, and the doctor would squeeze me in ASAP. (he did) When I arrived, there was merely one small sheet of paper to fill out being a new customer AND Sarah had taken the initiative, without me knowing, to call my previous vet clinic in town and fax all of Willie's information over before I had even arrived. (Willie is my cat ;) That right there blew me away. Customer service. Initiative. The environment was unlike a clinic I've ever seen. Spacious, clean, professional, stunning. LITERALLY nicer than ANY walk-in clinic or hospital for humans in this city, I can assure you. I was at the front desk for maybe 120 seconds. She immediately took us back to our own "kitty room" and get this; offered me a cup of coffee or a water....say what? I graciously accepted the coffee. It was Keurig. Fresh. Awesome. My appointment wasn't until 5:45 so I was almost two hours early :( So that worried me. But folks, when I returned from the Keurig machine Dr. Ensign was waiting on me already! (This is less than 5 minutes in the building-no joke). He also had a tuxedo kitty named Willie. Funny. He was great with my boy and took it upon himself to give me the "indoor cat talk". Aside from my mother, I have NEVER seen another veterinarian who cared about other people's pets as much as he cared about his own. He and his assistant Jody immediately took Willie's temperature to confirm the fever I had feared. Jody held him gently yet effectively while Dr. Ensign examined the paw. He found puss and gave me a thorough talk about infections and options. He told me at least twice, that he would never make a recommendation for someone's animal, that he would not do with his own. I liked that. A lot. He gave Willie a Convenia injection which will help him feel better in less than 24 hrs. They also gave me two bags of "Yesterday's News", which is a recycled paper kitty litter, so he wouldn't get the small pebbles in his infection from the other stuff I had at home. Lastly, they gave us a Chlorhex flush to soak his paw a couple times a day. He told me he is more than happy to speak with my mom and share information at any time if it would make me feel better. I'm the kind of person who loves my animals like children because I have no children. I completely trust this Doctor with my 'kids' and I fully endorse this practice to ANY pet-owners in Clark County. Folks, I arrived at 4:38 and my receipt says, 5:01. We all can agree, that doesn't happen with Vets in this city. Mind-blown. So happy. My faith is human-kind took a much needed positive jolt today. Thanks to everybody at Boca Park Animal Hospital. ~Customer for life
5	After becoming a foster failure this August, I needed to find an affordable but friendly vet now that I have two large dogs to care for. Not only are the prices for shots & vet visits reasonable, the staff truly makes you feel at home and cared for. After my first visit with my new pup Lily, I knew this is where I was going to bring my older dog, Hawk, once it was time for his shots. This facility also offers boarding with many different options of kennels along with the choice of outdoor play time in the doggie playground. I have boarded my dogs 3 times and will be boarding them here again this weekend. It is always comforting to walk in and have the staff say "Hi Lily & Hawk!" like they are long time friends. I am a crazy pet parent who calls twice a day to make sure my dogs aren't missing me too much and the receptionists are never annoyed and always give plenty of information to let me know my babies are in good hands. Hands down the best vet I have ever been to!
5	Absolutely love BPAH and all the people who make it the wonderful place that it is. We have used them for everything from veterinary services to day care and overnight boarding, from grooming to training. Our dog loves going there and is treated with real care and love.The cameras in the VIP boarding suites are fantastic so we can watch our pooch even when we're away from her.Thank you BPAH for everything  you do!
5	My puppy recently just swallowed a pork bone last night and, never experiencing this before I had no idea what to do or what to look out for at the time as I heard any kind of bone (especially Chicken bones) may become a danger to dogs. Therefore, I called the Animal Hospital that I always had trusted and told them that my dog *just* ate a bone and asked them what I should do. After the receptionist asked the veterinarians, I was told to immediately get an x-ray for Baker, my puppy. However, thankfully, at the time the x-ray machines were done over there and I was told to call some other Animal Hospitals.    Luckily, a week before this happened I had seen and read a few of all the positive reviews that Boca Park Animal Hospital had received and so, I decided to call them right away and told them my situation and what my Animal Hospital had suggested. The concierge let me know that I could do a walk-in (this was at 5pm) and that she would get Baker's information faxed over (which she did).    As I finally arrived at BPAH, I found both the exterior and interior to be absolutely nice and welcoming. It did not seem (at least to me) like the typical Animal Hospital nor did it smell like one. From the outside I could see a play area for the dogs (which is, I bet, where dogs that are boarding here get to play and also where training classes are held) and the inside, like I previously mentioned was very welcoming and nice (much like the staff there as well).   After a little wait (which is amazing for a walk-in however, it could be that I was also just lucky) I was put into a room to wait for the doctor. Dr.Ensign is absolutely amazing, trustworthy, and kind. Upon meeting him he had told me that he would never do anything that he wouldn't do to his own dog. Not only that, but when I told him about what had just happened to my puppy and what my Veterinarian had suggested, he told me that even though he makes tons of money by doing such procedures (x-rays and etc.) he would never suggest me to do such a thing unless my dogs would truly need it. Therefore, he told me what my previous Vet hadn't told me (and what I was initially expecting from my previous Vet), which is what symptoms to watch out for and that if Baker did show such symptoms that he would want to see him in the morning; He also had suggested and gave me dog food that was high in fiber, which would help the bone hopefully pass through. Dr.Ensign also told me about a puppy talk that he would be giving me during my next visit for Baker's third round of puppy shots; he had told me that he gives this talk in detail to all puppy owners wether or not the owner is a veteran at raising puppies for the better. He, and all the employees here truly care about their patients and their owners. Dr.Ensign saved me around $240 that night.   After my first experience with BPAH, that same night I decided to transfer all three of my dogs to this hospital; In fact, I wish I had transferred them here sooner. BPAH is an absolutely welcoming and trustworthy veterinary clinic. As Dr.Ensign had told me, they are definitely a bit pricier on certain areas but they are also less expensive in other areas as well (I was told by Dr.Ensign that they have lower prices on their medicine than 1-800 pet meds and petsmart!) . BPAH's visit/check-up fee is pricier than my previous Animal Hospital's (which was $24), however, with the quality, trustworthy, and caring service BPAH gives, it is definitely worth it.
5	Boca Park Animal Hospital is definitely a place you can trust and bring your pets to. Dr. Ensign and the staff here know exactly what they are doing, and they truly care about your pet's experience. I brought my puppy here for shots, and he didn't even know he got them! Dr. Ensign lined up treats on the table, and the nurse helped distract my puppy. Lil' Simba was in and out quickly and was a happy pup.The hospital also gave us 2-3 puppy visits where your dog will play with the nurses and doctors for about an hour each time so he/she will get familiar with the environment. Simba loves going to the hospital and even made a new play date friend there. I highly recommend Boca Park Animal Hospital for veterinary services and even grooming. They take their time, and the welfare of your animal is always first.
