5	I know I just got married and Jared is definitely the love of my life, but I must confess, I have a big crush on another man... I heart Jason Millstein of Illume Photography.  From the moment we met Jason, we knew he was the one that we would choose to capture the memories of our wedding day.  Jason's work speaks for itself.  His passion and his background in photojournalism are evident in the images he captures... and his energy and enthusiasm are contagious!   Not only is Jason professional, but he made the process fun!Jason met us to do a walk through on site prior to the big day, so we would know what to expect.  And when the day arrived, we felt at ease with Jason in control.  He pushed us just enough so that we would keep to our schedule and get pictures of everything we requested.  He and his team were personable with our family and friends and Minnie too!  It was crazy hot on our wedding day, but the crew worked through the heat... To date, I've only seen a preview of the images that Jason took on our wedding day, but the ones I saw are amazing.  I'm confident that I'll be extremely pleased when I see the rest.  (I'll update my review when I do.)  Jared and I will treasure the memories of our incredible wedding day through our photos for the rest of our lives, and we're extremely pleased with our decision to work with Illume Photography.
5	Per my original review, it's time for a quick update of Illume Photography... Just as I presumed, I am 100% pleased with the pictures from our wedding weekend... we were given a choice of getting the proofs in individual printed photo format vs. in book format.  We chose book format and we now have 2 beautifully bound books full of incredible photos from the weekend.  Now the tough part is going to be going through them to select which ones we want in our wedding album.Jason captured the special moments from our individual preparation, to our first meeting, the ceremony, and of course speeches, dancing, the hora, and so much more... I know it must be extremely difficult to take pictures of animals but Jason even managed to get some incredible shots of Minnie!I said it before and I'll say it again:  Jared and I will treasure the memories of our incredible wedding day through our photos for the rest of our lives, and we're extremely pleased with our decision to work with Illume Photography.
5	Gabi!!  I am so thrilled that you also chose Illume for your wedding photos!!  We had a few messages back and forth about out wedding plans before the big day.I need to come back and write my own review - but for the time being - if you are considering Illume for any photos for any event - please take every thing Gabi said in her reviews and multiply them by 2 b/c she has said absolutely everything I would!!
5	Yep. As good as it gets. Jason is crazy talented and you would be a fool to look elsewhere.
