3	Most strip mall Chinese food is bland and boring, but at Chen Fu you get a pretty good variety at a great price.  In fact, their dinner combinations are so large that you can easily get a single order, and along with a couple of egg rolls, you have enough for two.The food itself is tasty.  Not the best, perhaps, but well worth the effort, and for a smallish location tucked away in an otherwise nondescript location, quite a nice surprise.
4	Chen-Fu has excellent garlic sauce- perfect for broccoli or chicken. I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food but when my husband wants Chinese, this is where I enjoy going with him. The crab rangoon is especially tastey if you're in a need-lots-of-fat mood. They do have "diet food" available on their menu ("plain steamed meat and vegetables on our entrees with or without sauce"). The staff is very friendly- they make it fun to be regulars. This is another great place for families- smoke-free!Mon- Thurs: 11am- 9:30pmFri: 11am- 10pmSat: 12pm- 10pmSun: 12pm- 9pm
3	Stopped in last Friday to get take out.  I was craving some lo-mein so I ordered vegetable lo-mein to go and it was ready in 5min.  Talk about fast service.  The cashier was very friendly and even knew what I was asking for when I started motioning my fingers like I was holding chopsticks.Not sure how long this location has been open, but the space seems a little old, but it looks like the owners are doing their best with what they got.I got the regular portion and it was good for 2 meals!
2	I tried Chen Fu based on its (relatively) high ratings and for its close proximity to my home in Matthews.I called in a take-out order of sesame chicken (one of my favorites).  Their prices were just a tad higher that the Chinen restaurasnts we have in the Union County part of Matthews, but this place was worth trying given it's 3.5 star rating on Yelp.  When I arrived to pick it up, I could not help but to notice that their facility and dining area were seedy, unappealing and borderline dirty.The women that took swiped my credit card and gave me my food was not at all friendly.  She was not mean per se, just not forthcoming.  Paying nearly $7 for my take-out lunch, I assumed she would at least be appreciative of my business; apparently not.The food was neatly prepared in the Styrofoam tray and the servings were very generous (see my attached picture).  It was actually pretty decent, to my utter dismay given the visual appearance of the inside of their restaurant.Two stars for the decent sesame chicken from the less-than-appealing Chinese hole-in-the-wall.
3	Sometimes you just need Chinese take-out. Nothing expensive, nothing flashy, just the standard box of rice, egg roll, and gallon of sweet and sour sauce.  Matthews has a couple options, but Chen-Fu is the only one still open at 8:30pm when my craving hit. The interior is very small, but the mirrored side wall helps give them impression of more space (and prevents claustrophobic anxiety attacks). They have the obligatory picture menu above the counter, near-life-size 3D artwork of the Great Wall, and the golden cat that perpetually waves you to the register. It's expected and comfortable.The food is on-par with the genre, too. All the usual suspects are present and the flavors are fairly decent.  My fried rice was a little bland, but the main dishes were good. The huge servings and low prices help tip the scales in their favor. To be honest, there are better options in Matthews, but for a cheap fix that doesn't operate on unusual schedules, Chen-Fu is a neat place to check out.
4	Great Chinese food in Matthews.I've been coming here for close to a year now whenever I work at home and need a quick Chinese fix. There are three restaurants that are always great - here, Best Wok II, and Best Wok (at Sardis Rd).This restaurant is a little dingy inside. Never dirty, but very dated. The service is always very helpful, and attentive to your needs and preferences. After five or so orders here, they had my usual down pat, and knew when I called what to have ready for me. They've given me drinks for free on occasion just to say thanks, and have had me try "off-the-menu" items before, too.The food is also very good. The sesame chicken (my standard by which I measure all Chinese takeout places) is awesome. The chicken is always tender, and the sauce is sweet with just a kick of spicy - just the way I like it. They aren't liberal with the sesame seeds (a plus), and the broccoli is very fresh.The eggrolls taste different than any I've had before. They aren't the usual crunchy, chicken/shrimp-filled rolls most other places serve. They have what appears to be red cabbage in them, and the treatment is heavenly. It tastes almost herby rather than meaty, and they are not as crunchy, but fried to perfection. Fantastic egg rolls.Prices are very reasonable, it's easy to eat lunch for $5-7, and dinner for $8-10. My wife and I order from here frequently and never pay more than $20 for two people.
5	Best Chinese around. My family and I have been going for at least 10+ years, and it has always been our favorite. It is still my favorite take out Chinese food even though I live half way across the country. I always insist on getting Chen Fu when I come home for visits :). Generous portions, excellent service, and delicious food.  The family that owns the restaurant is always so friendly and willing to make any changes we request for dietary needs.I recommend:Chicken with broccoli (I always request the white meat version)Sesame ChickenChicken with mixed veggiesAll the sweet and sour combinationsEgg Drop soup (very very good)Veggie egg rolls (yes, they have vegetable EGG ROLLS upon request as well as spring rolls--they also have pork egg rolls)Fried wontons (crab rangoons)-  these I crave the most, you can't find them like this anywhere else. The fried rice is also delicious--not overly greasy like other places.I highly recommend Chen Fu! Now, go get some!!
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant ever!  Now that I'm used to the way they make things, I can't even eat anywhere else. Portions are big -- I can usually get 2 meals out of an order. This is the kind of restaurant also where the owners will come out and talk to you. Everyone I bring to Chen-Fu is hooked.
4	Pretty good food and the fact that they have a fountain drink dispenser is nice. The only problem is that you only get plain white rice or plain fried rice with your meal. There is no option to switch it out with house fried rice or lo-mien for a couple extra bucks. Which is kind of odd because even small chinese places in food courts will give different sides. BUT the fried rice is a lot tastier than food court chinese.
