1	Firstly I will say that I never received any services from this place. I got a Groupon for a facial I needed to use before it expired. I went on their website to check when they were open, what kind of facial I wanted, and hoping to make an appointment for Friday. The website clearly states, "Friday 10:16 - 5. WALK IN ONLY - NO APPOINTMENTS TAKEN". I left work 4 hours early to try and make it to the school before they closed. I made it, and walked in through doors that also stated they closed at 5pm. I asked the girl if they stopped taking people at 5 or they needed to be finished by 5. She stated they were closed, and closed at 4pm. When I asked about the door and the website, the girl told me they were wrong. Yes, it was my fault waiting until the last hour of the last day to use my Groupon. Did this business act unprofessional? The girl was nice, but it is very unprofessional to have conflicting information on your website (and the front door of your business). Needless to say, I will not be back to use the cash value.
1	I recently moved to the US and bought my coupon from Groupon. I have problems with hormonal acne so needed badly a treatment. Just like the reviewer Ashley B, because on their website it is stated walk inns only, I did not called but went to the "school". The receptionist was very unpleasant and informed me that they are overbooked because of the Groupon deal. I also asked why than the info on the website is not changed and can I wait to be seen since I drove 8 miles but I was rejected. Made an appointment for another day and was seen by a girl who did cleaned my face and put mask on it and than the final cream. That was the whole treatment! No extractions or at least facial massage??? I thought OK, that's what you get from Groupon... Recently, again because of my acne problem and post acne spots, I decided to get e Dermoabrasion. I've been getting these treatments in my Eastern Europe country for years, every 4 months. I had no coupon for this procedure but still the price in G school for this procedure compared to other places was lower. Made an appointment and was seen by a girl that was suppose to graduate the next week. She barely cleaned my face because she was going so light with the pads. I told her to press more because all she does is tickles but she commented that she has light touch? Than the Dermoabrasion, she performed it but again was barely moving the instrument on my face. And I've had plenty of Dermoabrasions to know how one shall be done. I was not happy at all when I left but I thought that there will be at least some benefit from the procedure. Usually my face peels after the procedure and with the new skin, acne spots are faded but I experience no peeling or any other improvement. AI called back after 3 weeks and explained that there is no benefit from the procedure and the receptionist Lisa tried to convince me that that's how they perform the procedure and after I told her that I know hoe a Dermoabrasion is properly performed, she transferred me to person called Heather. Heater, whatever her role in the school is, explained the same thing, saying that they are a school and encourage the students to go lighter with the treatments. Ones skin was not suppose to peel after the treatment but PHD Dermatologist in my country was not educated enough, obviously...  She did not find necessary to even apologize for the bad service but went on convincing me that I need 4-5 treatments to see the results. All I told her that she's not going to see me for another treatment ~I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND YOU WASTE MONEY FOR ANY KIND OF FACIAL HERE. The price is lower compared to regular salons or spas, but you are not saving any money. Rude staff, disappointed in the receptionist and the instructor, than what shall one expect from the students? I've been to the Tony & Guy school for a haircut and I was very happy with the service but the teachers are among the students and jump in if it is necessary. Here, you not see any teacher or instructor. Basically, behind closed door, the student may do whatever she likes - wash your face.
