5	Great chapel! Wonderful ceremony and prices. I would definitely recommend this place if you're in Vegas and need a quick classy wedding.
5	Wie der Name sagt: schlicht und einfach. Dennoch empfehlenswert, da man nicht auf den Geldbeutel schauen muss. Wir waren zufrieden.Preis und Leistung waren absolut in Ordnung und haben sich 5 Sterne verdient.
5	Just got married! That was amazing...quick service, friendly ...if you are in Vegas and wanna get marry, don't miss this chapel, it's small but wonderful, it gets everything go smooth...I will recommend to all my friends who wanna get marry in Vegas. Thanks Melinda .
1	I am no wedding expert, but these folks have a rather questionable business practices.  I was in Vegas being a groomsman, one of their agents was pulling business at the Marriage Bureau at competing low price for $50 including everything, the bride fall for the deal, and then they proceeded taking you to their suite with two rooms and one being the chapel.When we arrival at our scheduled time, their story took a 180 degree with additional hidden charges including the things like the use of their chapel, attendee's picture taking rights, since the original offer only include a minister and few pictures taken by them .  I guess they figure people are blinded by love before weddings willing to be price gouged.  We proceeded doing a very simple ceremony at their very simple front room with many extra clutters nearby...After the ceremony started, the minister asked everyone's religions, which created a moment of awkwardness.  The ceremony went without any Christian references.  I guess the owner-lady was pissed at us for being cheapskates not falling for her money traps and assumed we are Mormons since we came from Utah.  She started lecturing us on how Mormons are not Christians, and proceeded to describe true Christianity to us sounding a lot like Jehovah Witness scripts, but we did not turn it into a religious debate, since all of us just wanted to get out of there.Their last attempt to gouge money was a large tip for the minister, and an $80 dollar fee to apply the state issued marriage license for the newlyweds.  We did check at with the Marriage Bureau around the block and it only cost $15 to do so.  Perhaps they should name themselves "Vegas Simply Money Gouging Wedding Chapel" instead.
5	Got married las night and the lady was great, she met us there, performed the ceremony and made my experience great on short notice. didnt expect my night to run so smoothly, it was refreshing.
3	Short and sweet.  Minister was very sweet and gave us the ceremony focusing on Christ that we wanted.  The only thing that bothered me was that I only have two pics, taken with my husband's flip phone, from that day. I was told the package we agreed to included photos. I'm not upset about it though, I have the memories from that day.  It took my mister over 11 yrs but he finally got me to say 'I do'. :)
1	OUR WEDDING NIGHT-MARE !!! 01/23/2013Our rating for this business is a ZERO. (0)  They are unprepared, unprofessional and misleading with false promise and lies.THE OWNER Minister Melinda Rosenberg did not know how to operate the music boom box. So we got no music for the wedding. She even asked my wife to help her figure it out. Only then did my wife and I get to dance to a wedding song. (Thanks Baby)The owner pushed Christianity on us and MADE us recite the prayer to give our lives to Christ at the alter without discussing any of our faith practices. THIS SO WRONG!! She did not know how to work the computer to copy pictures to the CD.  After getting home we discovered she copied 25 pictures of another two weddings on our cd, so we got no pictures.  When we called to get the photos sent to us, we were told that they may have lost them or erased them!  She will call me with an answer.. We are Still waiting for an answer.!!  She made up stories about some other clients getting our pictures and needed to bring them back.  The photos are in her computer.. I hope !  She said she was going to go to the court house as a bonus to record our marriage so we could have an original before we left Vegas.  Guess what?  She did not do this.  We wasted gas and time from our honeymoon for nothing.  Left empty handed.After contacting Melinda about the photos and the marriage license recording, she lied about the license being recorded in one day.  The license bureau said it can take up to three days or more because they process 100's every day. She knows nothing about computers, obviously, and just makes up stories to ignore the truth. This was, all in all, the worst decision we could have made. If I could go back knowing what I know now, I would pay triple to have someone else marry us that is professional.I even gave Melinda a $50.00 donation and tipped the guy at the court house who brought us to Melinda $20.00. Prior to today, the 01/27/2014. If I could, I would take it all back..Melinda never even offer to refund anything for our inconvenience, How sad! Very Bad Business.. *** We are reporting her to the secretary of state and the marriage bureau.The end results are the best thing .. I am married to the most amazing woman in the world and for that I thank god..( I think I am married? )  I hope!Joseph and Dawn N.San Diego01-27-14
5	Melinda and Rick were awesome. We had no idea what to expect and they provided great service and made the whole process so easy and convenient. The whole thing was very quick and affordable. Would def recommend them to anyone to wants to a smooth process! They are super close to the marriage bureau too!
5	It doesn't get better than this. A helpful, spiritual God loving minister named Melinda helped us through the process. Made us feel very comfortable and gave some fantastic insight to both the blessings and challenges of marriage.But it wasn't just this minister that made this day and occasion special. The place has the full compliment of clothes shoes and accessories... I even think I saw some rings in the drawer.. Talk about full service!Anyway, the chapel area is fun and has plenty of space for a dozen or more people. Nicely decorated and as I said before, comfortable...She took some great pictures too. The flyer we saw at the office where we got the marriage license just stood out! Big red letters. FIFTY bucks, full service with pictures... Couldn't believe it. Sure beat the justice of the peace special we were considering.In conclusion, I have to state that if your going to Vegas and do the deed, check this place out. Whether its the cute little chapel, the full service speciality,or people who care about you, and your special day, the Vegas Simple Wedding Chapel is the right choice at the right price.
5	Melinda and Rick were AWESOME!!!!! They took the time to get me and my husband ready and married and it showed they really cared. Melinda was very nice and caring she even added extra incentives to make our day feel special and Minister Richard gave me and my husband words of wisdom before marrying us. I would recommend them to anyone ready to join a new union.. You get yo money worth that for sure!!!!!!
5	Melinda and Rick were a blessing! My wife and I were in a hurry to get married and took a day trip from San Francisco to get married. Not knowing what to do, where to go and with little money, it was all quickly solved when we got directions to the court to get our Marriage License. As we were walking out a gentlemen recommended us this place and assured us it was professional and cheap. When we got there that was exactly what is was! Melinda took really good care of us and explained all our options and let us decide how we wanted everything instead of pushing other things on us. When Rick performed the ceremony he asked us if we wanted a a religious ceremony or not, so it was nice none of that was forced on us as well. Melinda took great pictures of us and before we left they gave us some of the best advice I have ever heard, THANK YOU! I will never forget what you told us. All and all inexpensive, very professional, experienced, kind and comfortable. They will do what they can to make sure you leave with that you were looking for and more!
3	Ok, where do I begin? I found this place through Yelp, i saw some good and bad comments, when we looked originally good comments came up, 5 days before the wedding after I reserved i noticed some bad comments.  I called Melinda, Let me say that she is very helpful. she discussed the issues about how her minister is puts God first and puts that in his wedding vows. (we are ok with that), the the day before our wedding we arrive to look at the venue, once i wiped my tears and gathered my thoughts, i realized we need another location.  I wish i had pics of the outside.  its literally on the second floor in an office building not bigger then a 10x10 room.  However, she offered us another location for $100 more.  I had no choice but to take that.  we had 25 people coming the room she had fits 10 tops!  the next day we arrive at the new location (yes I am nervous to see what it is like) it is located on las vegas blvd. Vegas wedding adventures.  and the photographer on site. (anthony) didn't know we were coming.  so i again stressed! once that all got cleared. i went to a bridal suite to be out of the way.  melinda was running late, she still needed to pick up the fruit and vege platter and place it all for the guests.  mind you the guests had to then help to set up and we were 43 min early.  Anthony the photography by trade, helped my mom with her camera and bam he started taking pics.  about 15 min later, melinda walks in and starts taking pics,  she is the designated photographer (not by trade).  she ended up taking decent pics (that were part of the package) and I got about 200 pics instead of 75.  not to mention we had all our guest take pics and the ones from my mom's camera.  the minister (he husband) called my husband  a different name and we corrected him but it turned out just fine.  they are great people but i wish Yelp would have shown pics of the front of the location.  so if your in for a small quick $50 wedding this is the place to come.  if you want something reasonably priced call Anthony at vegas wedding adventures he will hook you up, and take GREAT pics.  credit cards - yes they accept credit cards however there was a problem with the machine and it ended up double billing us.  we are still two weeks later trying to resolve it.
5	THANK YOU MELINDA!!! My husband and I honestly were just considering the $40 sign and go. But we did have friends and family so we decided the ceremony of which were extremely happy about. It was the simplicity and the humor of the whole ceremony that I admire Melinda for. I couldn't have asked for a better outcome, thank you again. And my friends ADORE YOU!! Thank you for making it personal, so entertaining and a beautiful day full of laughs.
5	Very lucky me and my husband found this simple and sweet place to hold our wedding, let us very happily become a real couple. We feel excting and stressful about our wedding, so we decide to have a simple and holy wedding in vegas in order to keep this special timing. So we found this chapel on yelp which is the exactly what we were looking for. It is very convinient and economic one, and it offered all I wanted.  Their service is very comprehensive and professional, which includes wedding dress and suit, so you don't need to worry about anything about your dressing. Also, they do photography and video to record your happy moment.Melinda and Rick are very nice and generous people. Melinda is very patient on assisting on your dressing and photography. If you are type of person feel awkward in front of camera, she will tell you how to make a pose which is very easy and enjoyable! She is very professional and passionate on her job. Father is very kind, he knows how to bring me and my husband to our love mood. Even though English is not my first language,I could understand what is love's meaning because he was very patient to explain with truthful mind, so I am very appreciate that we could have a wonderful wedding time.Anyway, I highly recommend you to choose this place as your wedding chapel if you are also looking for a simple and quick wedding but also not cheap one!
5	Thank you so much Melinda. You spoke the truth in my husband and I. We needed something easy, after such a long, relationship. We planned on marrying before, bought a license, and never knew where to go to finalize our love. The second time around, we were successful. Thank you for acknowledging God, and not Religion, your patience, and gracing us with your beautiful presence,With love, Janai
5	My fiance and I came down to Vegas from Portland, OR with the primary intention of getting hitched. Since there were so many places to get married in Vegas, we wanted to actually be there before commiting to anything. After finally finding the marriage licensing bureau with the help of rick and melinda's staff, we toured their facilities and found the place for us. They were super flexible in accomodating an additional videographer as well and providing anything else we needed. They offered brief counseling free of charge and offered wisdom that my wife and I will always hold close to our hearts. Overall this once in a lifetime moment will always be remembered with great joy, and our deepest gratitude. We would highly recommend Vegas Simple Wedding Chapel to everyone.
5	My Husband and I were so lucky to have Melinda perform our ceremony. We have been together 13 1/2 years and finely got to get married. Our girls where there and Melinda took the time to talk to all 4 of us about life the good and bad. I'm was very impressed with the whole experience. I loved it!!!! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Mr. & Mrs Grinie 7/13/14
5	Melinda is a gem. My wife and I were looking for something simple, and intimate and easy. Melinda made it that and much more. My wife remarked to me that people pay $100,000 for a wedding and don't necessarily get the feeling of what we enjoyed. I recommend.
5	Loved this place! Great photographer and pictures! and Melinda was amazing Such a good woman!
5	I had such a great experience here. Melinda was amazing and went above and beyond to provide great customer service and an amazing memorable time we will never forget.  Melinda was extremely patient with us through out the whole journey. This chapel is a cute and unique place that makes you easily feel welcomed and special. I would definitely recommend Simple Wedding Chapel to anyone of my friends and family without any questions or hesitation.
5	My husband and I went to Vegas trying to find a chapel to get married at. We had 3 hours before our wedding goal time and after calling several chapels, Melinda was the only one who was patient and called us back. And she was able to squeeze us in her full schedule. As Christians, we are very happy and lucky that Meilnda and Richard talked to us before the ceremony. They explained the depths of the vows we were about to commit to. And everything was just perfect and what we were looking for. Thank you so much!
4	My niece and her new husband just said their I Do's. Minister and his assistant helped them with everything. No pressure to purchase packages they were not interested in.  Made their day very special.  The newlyweds can't stop raving on how happy they were to feel so welcomed here. Mother of the bride pleased to have been with them as they were blessed by the Minister.
5	Great service, very professional even though it was little late than actual appointment time. Best deal you can get for the service. They don't kick you out in 10mins like other chapels. Very nice pictures as well. Very satisfied and recommended to whoever looking for simple and efficient wedding.
5	This place is fantastic. I came here for me and my wife's  sister's wedding and the service is very good and I would highly recommend this place. I had a very enjoyable experience. The whole process took only about an hour and the they provide everything you need to make your day the most unforgettable day of your life :)
5	I had a great experience here for my ceremony with my fiance! I would recommend anyone who wants a simple, professional and friendly service to come here!! Not to forget to mention we got a great deal with many memorable pictures to cherish for a lifetime :)
5	What an amazing experience we had at Vegas Simple weddings. Minister  Melinda Rosenberg was so thoughtful she came and got us because we were lost. She made our wedding experience something very special and we will never forget. I HIGHLY  recommend For your special day
2	The group I was with was approached just outside the Clark County Marriage Bureau by someone pitching Vegas Simple Wedding Chapel.  He assured our group that they'd do the ceremony for $50.00.  When we got to Vegas Simple, there was a lot of "back and forth" on how much the cost would be, then delays so that the officiant could verify with the person who sent us there the cost he quoted us. Other than that, the officiant was very nice and delivered a well articulated ceremony.
5	Came to meet the wedding coordinator Melinda, and she was awesome! She explains the true meaning of a marriage.  Thank you Melinda for taking the time to meet with us this afternoon.  You are amazing & how you took the time to share with us.  If your looking to start your marriage off on the right foot w/ God this is the place . Highly recommend #VegasSimpleWeddings Thank you Again Melinda!
1	Where do I even start with this place??? My husband and I went to the courthouse to get our marriage license, and we already had a place in mind that we were going to go to. We don't believe in having a huge ceremony, or even saying vows. We aren't those kind of people. We just wanted to be married without all the fuss. We were approached in front of the courthouse by this guy who said we could come here and have that done. He talked us into coming here, even though we were already going to go somewhere else. (Now I wish we had just gone there) We walked into this building and it's next to a bail bonds office in a run down office building. We were brought into a small office. We told Melinda that we did not want a ceremony, and that we just wanted to have the license signed to say that we were married. We told her we did not believe in that kind of thing. Immediately she started talking to us about god (neither of us are religious) She could have asked us if we had a religious preference, but no. She continued on her preaching by telling us that if we didn't have god in our marriage it would fail, and that it was no longer about my husbands happiness but only about mine. I DO NOT agree with that statement at all. Marriage is about both parties being happy, not just the wife's. Finally she stopped talking about god, but then wanted us to recite vows, which my husband is strictly against. He went back and forth with her for a bit, and she told us "if I would have known this was going to be a marriage of convenience, I wouldn't have done it" She then proceeded to ask us if we were in the Military, I suppose to insinuate that we were there for a contract marriage. Now my husband and I both served in the Military and we are both out now, so this is for sure not a contract marriage! She then tried to tell us that it was illegal for her to sign the marriage license if we did not say vows, which is complete BS! She then said she would sign it but we would have to pay a minimum of $50 as a minister gratuity. Overall she got $100 out of us just to sign a piece of paper and give myself and my husband a headache. Our wedding will surely be memorable, but for all the wrong reasons. Please stay far away from this place, especially if you are not the religious type. I certainly have nothing against anyone who is religious, however no one should ever impose their religious beliefs on others without their consent.
