5	I had amazing service at this urgent care. They found my insurance information even though I had lost my card and got me in right away. They were extremely nice and professional. They followed up with me after my appointment and then assisted me even more in getting proper treatment. I would highly recommend this urgent care facility.
4	I was excited to see an urgent care pop up closer to home than the one at 7th ave and Camelback. I hurt my neck about a month ago and with the pain increasingly impacting my daily function, I decided to drop in. This location is at 3rd ave and Thomas, south of the hospital. It is a new place and at 2:30 pm on a Monday was empty. I filled in some paperwork and was brought back quickly. The P.A. on staff thought my issue was whiplash but said they wanted to x rays to be sure. I was so happy they could do that on site and give me preliminary results that there wasn't anything serious going on. I was in and out in 35 minutes and got a few calls the next days making sure I was feeling better. I did get called at home, work, and cell phone which I thought was overkill. But overall, I was very happy with their service.
5	I visited Express Urgent Care today after slicing my hand open on a glass. They got me in immediately and I was taken care of very promptly. All of the staff that I dealt with were friendly and professional. I needed stitches and a tetanus shot and am very nervous about being stuck with needles. The staff did a great job at making me feel at ease, and I was on my way within an hour of walking through the door. Also, the prices with no insurance were very reasonable. I cannot recommend these folks any more highly.
3	Overall good experience. The wait wasn't bad and the staff was friendly and helpful. My man had to get his thumb stitched up and they didn't make him cry.They would get 4 stars but they didn't have any magazines in the waiting room worth reading.
5	I have been to several urgent care facilities and this is one I will return too.  Not only are they clean but the staff was considerate, nice and helpful.
5	I may have found my new go to urgent care! Everybody here was nice and caring. I was in and out in probably less than 45min. I would recommend them to everybody!
5	I came here because of the great reviews. I can honestly tell you that the staff here are attentive and care. The first time I came here I waited only 10 minutes. Office staff are polite and treat you like a family member. The doctor was attentive and listened to what I had to say. I was iffy about coming, since I dont like medical offices. I enjoyed my visit here. I felt comfortable with the staff.
5	Best urgent care I've ever been to. Their staff is knowledgable, warm, and welcoming. Very efficient in their diagnosis and were able to get me in to a diagnostics center same day for CT scans. They took really good care of me and for that I am so grateful. Will definitely be back if needed and would recommend this place to anyone in need.
5	this place is awesome the waiting room is super quiet no annoying tv or music, they get to you super quick and the doctor listens to what you have going on overall it was a great experience.
5	Good experience with this location. There was no way to sign in online or get an appointment, but I called to see approximate wait time.  I waited only about 20 minutes. There was only another patient for me.  The wait time once the MA took my vitals was about 10 minutes. All of this was much more convenient than my PCP's office which requires a 3-4 hour wait. The PA who diagnosed the issue was friendly and professional.
5	The wait was very short and everyone from the front desk to the nurse practitioner were very helpful and friendly. Highly recommend them!
5	Our first experience today. Spotlessly clean facilities.  Prompt.  Professional.  Thorough.  Friendly.  Fairly priced.  I could not possibly have asked for more.  This clinic isn't that close to where we live in Deer Valley, but after reading Yelp reviews, I decided it was worth the drive.  It definitely, definitely was.
1	My daughter hurt her knee playing sports and was limping so I called to see until how late they were open. I was told they would take patients until 6:45 pm so I rushed over to get my daughters knee checked. I showed up and was told that no sorry they wouldn't be able to see her after all because they just got five patients in. You think they would honor the fact they told you they would take patients until a certain time. The MA apologized and said he doesn't like to turn patients away but it would take at least a half hour to fire up the X-ray machine and get my daughters visit done and he would like to get home at a decent time. I guess my daughters injury wasn't worth firing up the X-ray machine! He then recommended us to an urgent care down the street. So thank your employee Express Urgent Care because someone else just got your business and will continue to get it from now on so your employees can get home at a decent time. So if anyone has an URGENT visit this is not the place to go to. They should change their name!
