2	Not impressed with this Walmart McDonalds. As the cashier told the two customers that asked for a Frape Caramel, "This is the only location that doesn't have Frape Caramels (not sure about that )." The tables were also dirty (felt consciousness about taking a picture with the customer there). With an In & Out Burger in the parking lot, I would have to be craving a Big Mac or not want to deal with a walk in hot temperatures to eat anything more than $5 here.
5	The food at this McDonalds is the best place to eat at.
1	Since when do they put cheese in a Filet O' Fish sandwich?  It's been awhile since I ate at this franchise. Haven't set foot and bought a meal here in a while, but I was feeling lightheaded when shopping and I ended up here because it was the nearest place to get a bite to eat.  Staff was pleasant. It was near closing, no line, 3 employees handled my order. So I got my order remarkably fast. Which made me wonder how long was my food under those warmers. Well I was just about to find out!  Opened up my sandwich and I kid you not, there was a slice of dried up cheddar cheese in the the filet fish sandwich...ewwww...(see pic) I didn't want to bother remaking it, so I just picked it off.  Then I took a bite. Yup under the heat lamps for too long alright.  The sandwich was way too dry.  The bun wasn't stale at least.  Only got in two little bites and I was done.   The fries were the saving grace though.  It was hot and crisp, so I had a few of those till I wasn't dizzy no more and chucked the rest of my meal.  At the time of my visit near closing, the tables were clean, the soda fountain area was not maintained though. Ice cubes and melted ice all over the place.  The trash bins were full. One of them had trash bulging out of it..gross. The prices on Mickey D's so not worth the $6 I paid. I can go across the street and get a cooked to order meal that isn't loaded with sodium and preservatives over at the Filipino restaurant for the same price! So I'd skip this place unless you are in desperate need to eat.
1	This has got to be the WORST McDonalds ever. I will never go to this McDonalds again. Cashier repeated my simple order back to me 5 times, service was mediocre and I was just unimpressed.
