4	This is a very unassuming resto-bar. I've come here several times, at different times, and I've been impressed most times. The servers are very friendly, and will strike up a conversation with you. The food is consistent (not too extravagant, but quite good). Their pastas are rather decent, the pizza isn't too shabby either. They do however have a very good smoked salmon bagel (piled really high with salmon). Great happy hour specials, very good drinks, and quite inexpensive! Worth checking out.
2	I truly have mixed feelings about this place. I ate here three times while staying at a hotel down the road. The first night I had pizza which was absolutely horrible, and one of the worst pizzas I have ever had. But the other member of my party enjoyed her fish and chips, so we went the next night. The second night, the club sandwich special was absolutely amazing. The third night I had an order of nachos, which were quite bad. The meals here were hit and miss, with the hits being grand, but the misses being dreadful.There are two other problems I had with this restaurant. First, the service was extremely slow. Waited nearly 30 minutes from meal being finish to paying the check. The water was never refilled either. While the servers were nice, they were very slow. Looking at how they were running the place, I think that the front-of-the-house was understaffed, but also that the servers were not trained properly, as they would bus tables during a dead time while not dropping checks to customers who were impatiently waiting to leave, like myself. Second, the place was quite dirty. When the sun comes through in the afternoon, you can see that the floors had not been mopped.While this place can serve up a good dish, one must proceed with caution.
1	WORST service I have ever experienced. I don't normally write reviews but the service was so bad I needed to let people know. Waiter never came to check on us and we had to leave after an hour of not getting our food.
2	Not really the best placeBut let's say that at Galeries du Parc the "competition" is fierce. For the biggest disappointment, that is.The appetizer soup is as bland as it gets, one of the few times I didn't bother finishing it. Then the main dish was probably as exiting as something from a chain restaurant, if not less.I won't bother again, maybe for a drink, but only if I'm out of options.
