2	Well, its nice.  But it could be so much more.  The former Majestic movie theater, turned into a dance club.  Apparently doing quite well as the premier Hip Hop dance spot.  Enjoyed working there, don't enjoy drinking there.
4	I have probably the best Club Majestic memory ever.  My boyfriend at the time knew the owner, Jimmy, whose family also owns the across-the-street Cafe Continental.  We started out the night eating outside at the Cafe (don't let the name fool you, it's quite expensive).  We were headed to Majestic to see an australian band, The Cat Empire.  Turns out, the band was eating next to us.  We eneded up shooting the shit with them...which left me a little star struck!  We sat VIP at the Majestic in the upper level which came with our own private waiter.  We were definitely taken care of, finishing the night with a $500 bottle of Cristal (why did I break up with this guy again!?)  The entertainment was awesome and the crowd was great.  I went downstairs and danced in the front for a while.  After the show we ended up hanging out with the band, complete with a private tour of their bus.  One of my best memories of the semester!  However, I would have to say, without all the star treatment I wouldn't have had such a fabulous time, so I have to be realistic and say....4 stars.
5	Keeping in mind that places such as Club Amazon used to exist downtown, I have to give it five stars.  Majestic used to be an old movie theater so there is a balcony and the screen hasn't gone to waste as the space is used to display dance-related videos.  There is usually a cover and the drinks are probably a bit more pricey than some of the other places on campus.  Majestic is worth checking out if you like clubs or want a change of pace from the same college bars.  It definitely can compete with clubs that you would find in much larger cities.
3	Decent club...i thot the music selection wasn't that great. Interiors were ok i guess.
4	Hey, I just attended "18+ event," and they blew me away, It was awesome. Very good dance venue. The loud music, sound, the size - it's all pretty good - a lot better than I was expecting from Madison scene in comparison to the Cardinal's and Inferno. I had lots of fun, and the bartender made strong drinks. Not too much to bitch about this place.
4	[***IMPORTANT NOTE:  This iteration of the Majestic has only been around since the summer of 2007 - earlier reviews precede current ownership and major renovations from the Club Majestic days.***]Best music venue in Madison (it's a low bar, but hey...)  They've done a great job of making the space flexible, so I imagine it would be dramatically different depending on the kind of event you go to (seated show, standing room, dance floor...).My experience at the more low-key events: finally, a place I can go to actually hear the music, rather than people shouting over the music.  Good sound, comfortable seating, great lines of sight throughout.  They even have wait staff who can bring you drinks so you don't have to climb through a crowd.The enormous balcony is comfortable (bench seating and tables), and the huge upstairs bar is convenient -- this is where the folks not as interested in the show can hang out and chat!Great experience with the owners/managers too, they really seem to have their act together in terms of communication and marketing.A couple of quibbles:- I'd love to see a better selection of beers on tap (but the Goose Island IPA, in bottles, is outstanding!)- Please please please quit serving drinks in plastic cups.  Seriously, you're going to dump my top-shelf scotch into a plastic cup?  For the taste, for the aesthetics, for the environment -- knock it off!
4	Only been there once. Saw Drop Kick Murphys there. Great little venue.
4	Saw Cowboy Junkies last week with my wife. My fifth time seeing them, her first. Very cute/cool venue. Great acoustics, nice inside, friendly bartenders and clean bathrooms. Only thing I'd do differently is get there early enough for seats as it was GA. We had some really loud talkers near us. If the bar was situated a bit differently, it would help noise from that area and not have it drown out the vocals. Will definitely go back for more shows!
3	I went here for a concert and I have to say, I wasn't too impressed. Yes it is a landmark in Madison but it wasn't nearly up to the hype that I heard about it. It is a fun little place for a small concert and the drinks are reasonably priced but the set up with the stadium type steps were not doing it for me. When it is crowded, for some reason, people think it is ok to bring tables into the walk-ways so you end up standing in one place for a long time just to take your drink back to where you were previously. As for the decor, Fantastic. It makes you feel as though you are in a mini opera hall and the upper balcony is exclusive and makes you feel like a VIP. In fact you have to be... Haha Anyways I'm sorry Madison it is a great place but there is room for improvement.
4	Small, fun, $4 PBR tall boys.
4	We like the fact that you can sit and relax upstairs in the balcony and enjoy the show with a good view and the upstairs bar right around the corner.  The sound for shows isn't fantastic but it is much better than some of the other venues in Madison.
4	I have spent many chilly and not-so-chilly nights holing up at this music venue, which became one of my favorite places in all of Madison after four years of concert-going here. Majestic Theater is a great place to see a show, and can hold its own whether hosting an acoustic, guitar-strumming session or a full-on electronic dance party. There are seats on the upper balcony but most concerts are stand-only, general admission. Majestic has more than enough room for swaying or dancing yet it still retains an intimate feel. There are two bars (one upstairs and one downstairs), but drinks are over-priced, which is typical for a music venue. Sometimes, Majestic also hosts salsa nights and other themed parties. Just writing about this is making me ache for some more Majestic memories!
4	So, we went to Madison to go see the Jesus & Mary Chain on a cold rainy night. This was my first time at the Majestic, despite actually living in Madison for quite some time. It was cleaning and you could tell it was recently renovated. It was small which I liked, but the acoustics were off. Honestly, it looked like a D-grade version of Turner Hall here in Milwaukee. I did appreciate the few seats and bars to lean on. Allowed me to relax every now and then.
5	This is the place you go to when you want to feel super cool.There is so much history to this building (and apparently is haunted...boo!) which makes you feel like you are experiencing a true taste of Madison culture.  It started out as a Vaudeville theater, which you just can't find anywhere else!  The old fashioned box seating juxtaposes the trendy hipster regulars in a way that feels so good.Check their site frequently for unique film showings, awesome bands and tons of costume theme nights.  Great bar and pretty good drinkin' deals.  Themed, of course.
2	My husband and I saw State Radio here on 11/10/12. It was general admission, and we were one of the first people in the venue. The balcony and opera boxes were closed, so we stood at the very front of the stage right in front of the lead singer. We were extremely disappointed that we couldn't hear his vocals at all. I'm sure it had to do with the positioning of the speakers and that the sound would have been better further back, but it shouldn't matter where you stand; the vocals should be audible in the entire theatre. Maybe part of the problem was that the sound guy was actually on stage rather than in the auditorium. During the first few songs, some of the band members had to signal to him to make adjustments, too. To rub salt in the wound, the theatre opened up the balcony and opera boxes after the opening act ended, so people who arrived late were rewarded with better spots.It was a very cool venue visually, and I liked the location and all the restaurants and bars nearby, which is the only reason it's getting an extra star. But, the sound was a huge let down, and that's definitely the most important part of a concert-going experience.
3	Yo, Madison, I get that this is a landmark and all, but you gotta get your crowds under control.  I was here last weekend to see a pretty lowkey concert, all acoustic, nothing to get rowdy about.  The concert itself was fine, and the venue staff were fairly attentive and great about telling us what we couldn't do, before the concert stared.  It's hard not to get your feathers ruffled when you are at a concert, no one's really nice about standing room only situations, but there were a few patrons that honestly should have been apprehended and bounced out of the venue.  There was one guy in particular who was very pushy and gropey with the ladies.  Venues other places have a number you can text about individuals who need to be removed.  Majestic, you need this system.  You need something.  Because the staff basically disappeared after the concert started and those of us up at the front didn't want to leave to report this individual, but we also didn't want to be near him.The venue itself was decent, but consider helping us help you.  Thanks!
5	This review might be more towards the artist that performed, than the actual venue.Now that's not meant to take anything from the venue, because it's great. It's not overly big, so sound gets trapped in and reverberates off the wall very well. It's not a good venue for any acoustic bands, but any hard-rocking, electrifying bands will absolutely blow this place up!Oh yeah, and I was here to see Fall Out Boy, as a part of the Yahoo on the Road promotional tours. I never got to see any of my favorite bands in middle school, because something about getting all As and studying, blah blah blah... Anyways, I was finally able to live out my childhood dream, albeit 8 years later, but I had an amazing time here.They played all of their old school jams (Dance Dance, Sugar We're Going Down) intervened with some classics (I Don't Care, Thanks for the Memories) along with their new stuff (Light Them Up).They gave a great performance, and unlike most bands, really put the attention on their attendees. They made us feel like we were part of the show, and induced some pretty serious fist pumping and head bopping. What a great, great way to reminisce about my childhood :)
5	Great place for a show!  It's a nice small venue with good sound.  I stayed on the main floor and there wasn't a bad view anywhere.  The bar offered a nice selection of draft beers.  The bartenders were quick and friendly.  The crowd was chill and there was no pushing or shoving.  The ladies restroom was clean.  We parked in a parking garage that is located right behind the Majestic and next to Great Dane Brew Pub.  It cost $5.00 for 5 hours.   What a deal!  We were able to have a pre-show drink & app at Great Dane & then walk right over.  There were a few other restaurants within walking distance for a pre-show drink.I would definitely return to this venue to see a show & will keep an eye on who's performing there from now on.
4	Ya'll ladies out there? Never leave it up to a boy to plan your night out - unless you are 110% certain that he knows what he's doing...We were supposed to go to the Sorne concert. It wasn't until we got there that we realized that although the Sorne concert was presented by Magestic Live, it was actually taking place on the other side of the Capitol at The Frequency. In the time it would have taken us to relocate, we would have already missed a good bit of the concert, so we decided to check out the '80 vs '90 show that was just getting started inside the theatre. It was a happy accident! :) The Majestic Theatre did not disappoint. The acoustics were great and the lights weren't too shabby either. They always seem to have a broad line-up of artists - some mainstream, some of the more alternative type - so there really is something for everyone. This venue is definitely worth keeping your eye on!
4	I love walking into this place! Obviously there is some great concert or event happening here, and I'm always super excited to take in the full majestic experience every time. It's not the largest venue area, but the bar area makes up for it with a nice selection of beers.Be prepared to stand if your headed into the main floor for a show.If you hit up the balcony as soon as you get in, there is seating available with some small tables. Nice if your taking your parents to a concert and the old people just don't like standing. I recently saw Eric Johnson, the guitar god himself, at the majestic and the sound was great. One of the better sound shows I heard here (sometimes the sound is mediocre at best)  The bathrooms are super easy to get to during a show, and there seems to be plenty of them.Don't expect a giant auditorium here, it's old and small, but gets the job done.
4	My husband and I recently had our wedding reception at the Majestic. We are so pleased with the service they provided and the uniqueness of the venue.  We highly recommend them.  During our reception, so many people commented how much they loved the setting. Although the venue is a music club, with a few white lights and votive candles it easily converts into a classy wedding reception setting.  The staff were really wonderful to work with.  Jenni, the Majestic wedding coordinator, was extremely responsive to my questions and happy to work through the many questions I had.  The night of the wedding she was on top of every detail.  We took advantage of her "Helper Package," which meant for an extra fee she  picked up all our decorations and party favors, set them up before the reception, and delivered all decorations AND gifts to our friend's house the day after the wedding.  It was a huge relief to have her take care of these details!If you are considering a wedding at the Majestic here are some things to consider- the upstairs seating is very non-traditional.  There are basically large benches with shared mini tables that people eat at.  Since this requires walking up a good number of stairs to get to, we only seated our friends and younger people up there.  It worked for our guests, who are all pretty laid-back, but it may not be ideal for all wedding guests.  Also, the bathrooms definitely feel like you are in a music club, not a wedding venue.  In some ways it went with the whole vibe of the wedding, but they definitely could use a little updating. Overall, we had a perfect wedding reception and are so happy we chose the Majestic! We highly recommend them :)
4	This is a tough one!  5 stars for a historic venue with a lot of charm and amazing concerts!  Just got back from seeing a great show by Volcano Choir and  plan to go back to see a couple shows in October.  But.... I have to average that out with the 3 stars based on the more practical factors involved in reviews....the floors were so sticky I was having trouble lifting my feet in some areas, the carpets and chairs were filthy and the women's bathroom was really inexcusably disgusting.  Just disgusting.  If this place cleaned up it would be my favorite place in Madison to see a show for sure!
2	The Majestic is a pretty shady venue, and among the big ones of Madison I'd say it's the worst.  I've gone to quite a lot of shows there and i've seen all types of music there from indie to hip-hop to metal to EDM to reggae and everything in between, so i've had a variety of experiences there.  The crowds at the shows are a wide variety and is just based on what type of music it is.  I've found the crowds most tolerable for indie, and by far the worst for EDM shows.  So, i'll try not to focus on that part of the atmosphere and try to detail some pros and cons.Pros:+The promoters themselves are good guys, and genuinely do like bringing interesting music to Madison.  They also book at The Frequency and occasionally The Barrymore.+They have an informative Facebook page, which brings you interesting information about their acts, some of which you might not have known about without them talking about.  They try to get their audience interested in the shows instead of just stating that the band exists and you should come see them.+The ticket prices are very reasonable.  Usually bands that come through in other nearby cities end up having higher prices even if they're higher capacity venues.Cons:-Their drink prices are quite outrageous given their venue size.  You might be able to get  $4 PBR on a good day there (which in Madison is pretty bad given that most bars have it for $2.50), but the fact that you have to pay I believe $3 for bottled water is annoying.  It's especially dumb given that you can leave the venue, go down a block to the Capitol Square, and can drink from the bubbler there.-Some (but not all) of the staff/security are rude.  I've had friends get kicked out of shows just for leaning on the speaker next to the stage, and they yell quite a bit for little reason.-Although their Facebook page is sometime informative, they also post.  A lot.  It gets pretty excessive and sometimes just sad because you can tell what shows of theirs are doing poorly in sales just by seeing how much they've posted about it.  They've also spammed my e-mail inbox with promotions quite a bit (my favorite is when I got 3 e-mails from them in 3 minutes about the same giveaway).-The space itself is somewhat awkwardly designed.  On the bottom level there's just a few areas where no one would ever want to stand for a show, and then on the upper level there's a seating area and at a lot of those spots it's very difficult to see the artist comfortably.-The most important part to me:  They just don't bring in quality acts very often.  On their current schedule, I've seen a grand total of one show that i'm interested in.  Meanwhile, The High Noon Saloon and Orpheum Theater have at least a few each.  I guess lately they've been trending more toward Dubstep, so if that's your alley then you'll enjoy it, but anybody looking for something else would have better luck elsewhere.Overall:  I'd say that if the Majestic brings someone you like, definitely go check them out there, but if you're looking for some live music on a random night, you're better off checking other venues in Madison.
2	This venue's only saving grace is the fact that they get some great entertainers.  The alcohol selection is very limited and extremely expensive.  The security guards are, in my experience, rude and never seem to help even when needed.  The venue is luckily dark, because the place is dirty.  It is sad that a venue that could be so beautiful isn't taken care of and seems to only care about getting a full crowd and overcharging for booze.  I have witnessed people giving sexual favors upstairs, drugs in the bathrooms, and rude crowds that are not controlled by the security guards.  On our last visit the security guard actually threatened to kick us out in -20 degree weather, seemingly only because he didn't feel like helping us after my friends wallet was stolen and we had drinks thrown on us.  I understand they are not responsible for lost property, but that doesn't mean they cannot be polite and take down a name/number in case the wallet was turned in!
1	Want water to wash down the disgusting "mystery shot"? That'll be $3. They refuse to give tap water. And they'll be total dicks when you ask.They even suggested my friend could get water in the bathroom...but they won't give cups.If I could give zero stars I would. Still had fun with my friends. But we all stopped buying any drinks after that and only stayed because we paid the cover.
4	Majestic is a cool, old theater that is now a place for live music and dancing. I think they do a good job overall.- The intimate setting is great for live shows.- restrooms are clean (as is reasonable for a nightclub) and have the necessary paper products throughout the night.- DJ Nick Nice is really good. I recommend coming out when he's in the house.Now for the "meh" comments:- I LOVE that they have a coat check. Madison needs to get with the program and have more coat checks. However, it costs THREE DOLLARS! I can park my car cheaper than this! And, they have a tip jar on top of the coat check fee.- lack of chairs and tables is fine for Madonna vs Britney dance party night, but tonight I'm here for an African band and there are a lot of people here old enough to be my grandparents who are not going to be able to stand for the entire show. I suggest adding more seating for this type of show.- drink pours are very weak.
4	I love the shows that the Majestic holds. I've only ever been to the specialty type shows like the Fire Ball so I might not have the best rounded view of the place. As far as the shows I've been to, the Majestic was a great venue. I wish it was a little bigger as it was cramped and hard to move around, but I guess that's what happens when you have sold out shows. The place looks gorgeous, of course. As far as drink go, I didn't get any so I don't know the quality. They were far too expensive for my tastes.
4	Live on KingMadison is full of community events and festivals, but Live on King is one of my favorites. What a great way to bring local community together with free live music in the center of downtown. The bands are trendy, the crowd is versatile and the beer is cold. Thanks to Majestic who puts together such an amazing event!
5	Great venue right off the square. Historic building proves to be an intimate setting for a wide variety of performances. Also, keep an eye out for the Live on King Street lineup over the summer, which is always FREE. This summer's final performance is The Head and The Heart. The bar always has a pretty wide variety of interesting/delicious beers from around the country, as well as PBR and Bud Light 16oz cans for those who are into that.
4	I flippin' love the performers and venue in general at Majestic. I do feel as though the facilities (namely the ladies room) is a little lackluster... all it takes is a change of toilet paper and to fix the locks. This cannot new surprising to you...
2	I love Majestic and its atmosphere but when I had an extremely sore throat and asked for water, not only did they deny me tap water and said I had to pay for bottle water ($3), when I gave up and went to go buy the water, they said it was a 2 drink minimum for credit cards. What happened to basic customer service?
4	The show was great! Sound was amazing. Watch Deltron 3030 live. My only problem was the waitress. We spent about $180 on food and drinks. We gave her $20 tip in cash and an additional $15 when I paid with my debit and she had an attitude about our tip. That's around a 19% tip. What the hell did the waitress want boo to you, waitress. But I would def go back to the venue.
