5	I've been to the few bead stores around town, and this one is the best!!! I am so serious when I say that I've gone to bead heaven- it was almost overwhelming- the selection of semi-precious beads (love, love, love it!), freshwater pearls, and crystal beads (imitation swarovski) is vast and in so many colors and shapes (rondelles, round, square, nuggets, baroque, the list could go on and on). It is a very long space, bright and welcoming- and everything is laid out on the tables, in rows, very neatly- the strands are bunched in groups of five and rubber banded (you simply pull the one that you want off). Baskets are located on the tables all around. I had to go around a couple times because there were so many semi-precious stones that I wanted. The prices are clearly tagged on each strand of beads. There are specials: $5.00 per strand for certain gemstones, and many are 70% off the marked price (seriously). I've gotten some semi-precious gemstones at Michael's but the quality is just ok. I've gotten a few strands at two mail order places online. But some don't offer free shipping. Among my favorites here: tourmaline, agate, peruvian opal, green jade, angelite, quartz, lapis lazuli, citrine, peridot, labradorite, rose quartz, and of course the list goes on! I immediately told my husband that I would love a gift card/certificate here. The nice cashier said that one could give her the money and the receipt would be proof, then simply deduct my store visit's purchases. (I could see myself spending serious $$$ here. Jewelry making is the latest hobby for me. And I've made some stunning pieces- bracelets and necklaces. I've also made a couple pieces for my husband.)There are also Jade dragons for sale on book cases. A buddha statue with a "Don't Touch" sign is also on display located twoards the middle of the store.  There is a bathroom for both men and women towards the back (facing Sahara). The findings (only two rows on one table) is very little but that's ok because the prices are good. The bead supplies are also hanging on the walls. The inventory here could easily be in the millions. My husband saw a strand marked $400. I don't remember what it was, though.    Open everyday (yay!). This is the third location for the family business originated from Texas. I told her that this was a really good store (set-up and selection) and the location is right down the street from us too. I don't have to rely on the websites for my semi-precious stones needs anymore. And findings are vast at Michael's.
4	Great shop, smaller than my fav in Phoenix, Beads Galore, (www.beadsgalore.com), but don't have the five hour drive.The prices are fair, able to find crystals I was looking for. They had alot of pearls and presious stones as well.  I found some trinkets already made that were cute, but would rather make myself.  I would go back for sure.
3	Well, it only took 10 minutes of driving around this gigantic shopping center to find K & K.  The best part was realizing it was right in front of me when I drove in.  The sign on the building is done in pastel colors and isn't lit up at all so that made me feel a little better about myself.I got here right after sundown and some of the people wandering around the parking lot looked pretty shady.  The shopping center has an eclectic bunch of stores, mostly asian and hispanic businesses, and one end has a couple of bars, a theatre and the LGBT Center.The store itself is narrow but very deep.  The wall is covered in findings and strands of beads.  Strings of pearls and an assortment of other stones fill tables that run through the center of the store.   Their pretty serious about their beads.  I was asked to leave my coffee at the counter while I browsed.With such a large selection I thought I was going to find exactly what I needed and leave spending way more that I had anticipated.  I asked them to point me in the direction of the lobster clasps and was taken over to one of the side walls and shown the selection.  To my surprise, they didn't have the size I needed and they didn't have much of a color selection.  I was looking for oxidized silver and antiqued brass.I wandered around for a bit and ending up picking out a couple of bags of bead caps and some charms, totaling $8.If you're looking for beads, crystals or stones, I would recommend checking this place out.  I found a better selection of findings at Michael's Arts & Crafts.
