3	I wish Midwood Park were larger, but it's a nice little get-away in the middle of the Plaza Midwood neighborhood. With an outdoor amphitheater, the park often plays host to neighborhood festivals and events. I had a fun time hanging out and watching bands there during Midwood Maynia in the spring. The park also has a tennis court, full basketball court, soccer field and playground. There is also a shelter you can rent for picnics or parties. One really interesting aspect is the community garden, where neighborhood residents grow herbs and other plants.Tip: It's kind of hard to find. Map it and write down directions before you go.
4	This is a charming little park in the Plaza Midwood area, and it's kind of a nice surprise in the midst of the hipster scene. I've been to a few little shows in the amphitheater, which is always nice. It's also the meetup point for area folks interested in getting tree-banding materials for fighting off Charlotte's apocalyptic plague of canker worms, and the annual canker-worm fighting event took place last weekend. I hope the tree banding efforts work, as I got pretty freaked out by last spring's spraying.
5	Midwood Park is a wonderful little patch of awesome tucked away in the heart of Plaza Midwood. One could (read "i did") go a year living in the neighborhood without even stumbling upon it, but once you do it reels you in again and again. The amphitheater has several benches shaded by trees that are the perfect spot to park your self with a book on a Saturday. There is a playground for kids (of all ages), a community garden, various sports areas (I believe basketball, tennis and baseball are all represented), plus restroom facilities and a water fountain for all your agua-centric needs. It has easily taken over as one of my favorite outdoor spaces in Charlotte.
4	This is a cute little park stuck in the neighborhood of Plaza Midwood. It's really small and quiet but perfect if you are just looking for a place to hang out or let your kids play on the playground. I walked my dog around for a bit and then read for over an hour and enjoyed the quiet.
