5	I just moved to Summerlin and was looking for a place to buy my supplements.  I was told to go to Vitamin Shoppe but found the staff to lack product knowledge.   I had always heard Vitamin Shoppe tp be cheap but that was not the case. I talked to another guy who told me about the GNC at centerpoint plaza.  The staff was so knowledgable, so polite and so helpful that i ended buying all my supplements their and a Gold Card which saved me 20 percent.  They talked about being a family operated  GNC, they had lower everyday prices than Vitamin Shoppe.   Apparently their owner shops the competitors to make sure the store has the lowest prices in town.  I know heat destroys protein, vitamins and minerals so it was nice to know that GNC is the only major competitor (Costco included) that cold shipped it's supplements.  I will absolutely return and recommend this family operated store to everyone I meet.   Great value.  Helpful staff. Saved money.  Couldn't ask for anything more.
4	Mr. 10,000 Calorie Man, Justin, is the face behind this location. When I first met him, we talked about nutrition and he told me he needs 10,000 calories a day to fuel his physique and I nicknamed him "10K Calorie Man." Out of respect, I usually call him by his first name otherwise he'll bend me like a pretzel. He is very patient and helpful when it comes to nutrition and workout techniques.My score of 4-Stars is highly subjective because I buy my pre-workout drink(s) at GNC and my Protein powders at Vitamin Shoppe. A five-star would mean it would be a one-stop shop for me.HINT-If you live in the SW, look for their 20% off coupon in your Zip Code magazine.
4	Ok so I always hear mixed things about GNC but I became a member and therefore the prices are good. They have everything I need and being right across from the gym is convenient. I always chose this store if I'm not going to order online as the guys there are so helpful and answer questions as long as needed. They are family operated and even have some stuff that isn't sold online. I can get almost all my supplemental vitamins there and their women's multivitamins are perfect for me. They also always have different vitamin chews to sample by the register of their variable selection. They frequently have buy one get one 50% off and it's definitely worth it. Bars that expire within the month, which I have no problem with eating before expiration, are on sale by the register too. Great customer service and the products are good.
5	I recently have discovered GNC. I am a huge fan of the pre-mixed protein shakes. They are very easy to grab for a meal replacement or a snack during the day. I also have found the help me stick to my diet. I also buy my multi vitamins here. The staff at this location is helpful and they can always recommend items for a healthy lifestyle. At first, I didn't want to join their programs because I didn't think it would be worth the $$. I have found the opposite is true and I feel that it is money well spent.
4	Always very helpful with nutrition suggestions! Charlie was very helpful in finding the right supplements today.
5	The manager Laurie and associate Ferguson were the most helpful staff I've dealt with in any supplement store. I had a few dozen questions all of which were answered in detail. They had a lot of patience with me and helped me locate products they did not have in store. Price matching also was not a problem at all. I will def be going back regularly.
5	My opinion about the manager Ms. Laurie Dang service at  Center point GNC! Give me two minutes to think.....Hmmmm Hmmmmmmm mmmm that's how long I had to wait for service. JUST KIDDING! (My quirky sense of humor).  The truth is, the manager Laurie Dang is very professional. I was greeted with a warm smiley welcome. I showed her what I needed and she responded lighting fast to grabbing the item off the store shelf. Laurie knew where everything was without hesitation or a long search as I experienced at other Supplement facilities. Laurie knew her products that was selling in the store. That is a good sign of a manager that knows her stuff. She also was educating me on the ingredients in the supplement that I purchased, and letting me know it is essential of maintaining good health. Also, Added to my purchased items were a magazine about exercise and maintaining good health.  I can tell she was looking out for customers being healthy.  I recommend  customer that is purchasing any health supplement or any gym supplement to buy from this store.   Thanks Laurie for your help yesterday!
5	I was there a little over a week ago and was helped by Ferguson mcclurg and Laurie dang. They were very helpful with explaining the supplements. Both were very involved and seemed more focused on helping rather than just trying to sell me a product which is very thankful I ended getting a pre workout and im very pleased will definitely be coming back
4	This GNC is in a convenient location near Red Rock Casino for me to run my errands! I didn't know the difference between the collagen capsule vs collagen enhance and the staff was very helpful in explaining it to me. The price was also cheaper! I just wish they carry more of the big bottle collagen enhance instead of just one bottle so I take advantage of sale!
