4	In some ways it is all different but in some ways it is the same.The new full cafe' is open, it is in back you can enter from the grocery store or the back door. There is plenty of seating in large comfortable chairs. Flat screens on the wall playing Bollywood and of course the obligatory lunch buffet. $7.99Let me be clear the food on the buffet is just as good as what one could order. The Saag today was still packed with flavor, the pakora had a nice crunch, good pickled mangoes and jasmine rice. and at just $8 it is on the value end of lunch buffets. But I do miss the fun of the combo tray.Some things you will find on the buffet here that you may not else where inclue, chow mein noodles. Saag, fresh slices of jalapeno, super strong pickled mangoes and at times even (Indian) pizza. I am still a huge fan and will be back many times. Go in now its a buffet in a real cafe you have no excuse.
4	i still love woodlands the best but a lunchtime craving for indian food paid off when we went to new india! i got the palak paneer combo- the portions were great as was the food. the spicy chutney they served was amazing. the gobi was even better- spicy and not overloaded with sauce. the prices were decent and the service was great- i'm assuming it was the owners that were working. i really want to go back and try the buffet too!
3	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =As we see in some of the Mediterranean businesses, this starts out as a smallish grocery store but also has a restaurant area to go with it.  I stopped in today to try the Lunch Buffet (of course!), which consisted of 22 food items plus condiments, served up in a dining room in the back, with tables & chairs but no booths.The food choices here was about what you expect an an Indian Buffet, but a couple of things were remarkable.  Although most of these places offer Chicken Tikki Masala & Tandoori Chicken, these two dishes here were just amazingly good!  It might have been my favorite Tandoori Chicken ever, anywhere; so moist, juicy & full of flavor!  Yum!  The Chicken Keema (chickenburger with peas & onions) & the Mango Custard were a little special, too.Some of the other dishes on the serving line today were Onion Pakora (onion rings plus), Squash Curry, Palak Paneer (spinach with very mild squares of homemade cheese) & Chilly Bodi (cauliflower with green peppers).The service was friendly & the price low for an Indian Buffet, especially on Saturday, at $7.99.I didn't especially care for the dining room, but I think the positives here still earn this one a high 3 Stars & the awesome Tandoori Chicken will probably bring this one a return visit!     :-)
5	Part of the fun is exploring. Sure I love the paneer, masala,  saag, rice, naan, pakora etc  but some times something new to me blows me away.This is what Chili Gobi did. Coli flour in a light egg batter stir fried with pepper onions and spice. It is India meets china and its great. I would never have thought to order this but the commitment free nature of the buffet made it possible.The puri rice was great as were all the other items. The naan has gotten better and the service is still spoty, but luckily its a buffet.bottom line the food is great and at 7.99 its affordable.
5	Chatt, Tea and Pizza three of the surprised I found on my last trip. Most buffets have the usual suspects garnished with rice naan and some condiments. But to have a Chatt available?  Chai Tea (included) and even pizza (yes Indian style veggie pizza and its good)This is why I am so in love with this place, 1 Great Flavor, you can beat the unmuted flavors that sing in your mouth. 2. variety, there is more to Indian the palak paneer and tandori chicken and pakora. 3. Value great price for a wide range of options. Next time you are in take a look at the left end of the buffet first and see if you can find a Chaat.
2	I've been looking for a decent Indian option in Central Phoenix, and this place seemed to be getting the best reviews.The good?  The naan was at the table when we were ready to eat, which is nice.  The service really was pretty decent here.  They had veggie samosas, and a couple of different daal dishes.  The paneer tikka or whatever it was called was good, and something I don't typically see on Indian buffets.Unfortunately, the curries seemed a little too soupy for my taste, and there were only two options (Curry Chicken and Butter Chicken, booooooring).I guess I'm now spoiled after so many excellent trips to Kabab Palace in Tempe.  Oh well, I guess I still don't have a good Indian option for Central Phoenix.  At least the price was reasonable.
4	Really good food. Order off the menu. The service was lacking, but the price was right. I'd recommend it to anyone who like Indian food.
4	I liked this place. The food is not that spicy and the chai tea is part of the buffet which I have not found anywhere else. Positive experience. Will go back again
4	Pleasantly surprised by the lunch buffet. I like that you're given fresh naan that's brought to you as you're ready for it.Daal is good, without being over or under spiced. Chicken korma is a little heavy but the seasonings are solid. Veggie samosas are a little doughy but the filling is fresh and cooked well.The dishes aren't overpowering in terms of spiciness, which is good for people with sensitive stomachs. The gulab jamun are disappointing - dense and not served warm. It is nice that chai is included in the buffet.Restaurant is clean, simple, sufficient. Indian restaurants are not known for ambiance, so don't expect too much.I plan on going back.
2	The food was ok, we ordered dinners but got ala carte, I don't think the waiter spoke English, it was just ok, the place needs a good cleaning.
