5	I stopped at the gas station next door to fill up.  Had not had lunch yet, so stopped by the gyro spot.  At first I didnt expect much, but man those gyros were juicy and topped with all the goodies.  Some gyros can be dry, but this place had some flavor! My brother had a chicken plate, which was also tasty!
5	This is what I like to call a sleeper restaurant. It's next to a gas station, Has minimal parking but the food and the service can't be beat. I have been a few times and always enjoy going back. The owner is fun to talk to and he will tell you some amazing stories. Stop in and you'll see what I mean.
4	My colleagues and I had lunch there today. We all ordered the Chicken Pita and it was delicious! The chicken was greatly marinated. We will be back!
5	Me and my colleagues sat at the round table as we waited for our food. We discussed how this place is not inside the gas station but rather next to a gas station. To sum up, it is not inside a gas station because it doesn't belong in a gas station. Pita Combo:As for the food, the chicken is tooo good, and the fries are too crispy and tasty that my taste buds were showering with joy. The pita bread does not fall short, it is soft and fresh; it compliments the taste of the meal very well. And dont forget to eat your veggies, yes my meal had some veggies fused inside the pita for that extra delivery of great taste followed by my tasty beverage to wash it all down. After we were finished I nodded my head to the cook and we drove off into the sunset.
5	Best gyro I have ever had!
4	Best Gyro's for the price.  For reference, I used to be a fan of Med Fresh Gyro's on Mill Ave but their prices have gone up and quality has gone down.    Don't remember the name of the cook. He's always been very friendly and makes the best gyro sandwiches for $4, can not beat that anywhere in town.  I think gyro places get their meat from the same distributor/brand (Kronos), but this place is fairly generous with their pieces of meat, always pretty fresh too.  My wife loves the Greek Salad with chicken,  like others have noted the chicken is marinated wonderfully and the lettuce is perfectly crisp each time she's had it  4-5 times now.
4	Solid gyro with delicious fries (perfectly cooked) and a good value. Gyro was heaping with meat - could have ordered a second pita and made two sandwiches!I will be back - for sure.
4	Great gyros, good lunch price!
5	This little shop next to the Shell gas station is a hidden gem! My brother and I were in the car filling up gas and saw a small cafe next door, "Gyros on Central." I loved the name - reminded of how they name restaurants in New York. We were both starving so we thought to try it out.AMAZING! I ordered the chicken pita combo and he ordered the gyro combo. Both of our sandwiches were filled up with a hearty amount of meat (love that) and the fries were seasoned, crispy and HOT. Too many times I've ordered combos, and the fries end up soggy and/or cold. My brother loved his food, too. The owner came by to ask how everything was and sat with us for awhile - incredibly nice guy. We both appreciated the hospitality.And we'll both be back  - you should, too!
5	This place is great. A gyro combo is $6.50 and that gives you a stacked gyro, fries, and a drink. The gyro is delicious and totally stuffed with meat, everything about it screams flavor; the fries are also awesome. They have an entire fridge of drinks to choose from, as well as fountain drinks and even a Gold Peak tea machine, which is the icing on the cake for me. Head into this place, they really deserve more business. I'm a completely broke college student and I always feel satisfied with this purchase.
5	Love this place, reminds me of Chicago type gyros. The food is great and the place is clean. My favorite is the gyro plate, you can't go wrong with it. It's filling and the gyro meat tastes damnn good. Found this place filling up my car at the Shell gas station right next door, now I come by for the food.
3	"You eat your Gyros at a gas station?"Yes I do, but only because of the outdoor seating.
5	I used to live nearby (2003?) and would get my gyros from a counter within the gas station. The gas station owner's wife made gyros and sandwiches which became so popular,  her husband took his large storage room and made her a seperate restaurant. I am not sure if the original family is still involved but it sounds as if the great flavors continue.
5	We've passed by this place a dozen times, and I finally got to try it out when we had a family dinner at our house. I was craving gyros, so I called to ask how much a big platter of gyros was. The owner was extremely nice. Both he and the cook ensured that we had a great meal. They gave me directions for reheating (as I was needing the food for Sunday, but they were only open Saturday for pickup.) Everyone loved the gyro meat. He even put together salad and pitas to go with it. It was a great price too for feeding 10 people!!! We've gone back a few times. :-)
1	I have been here twice. The first time I got the Veggie Platter. A nice mix of hummus, pita, a little Greek salad and Dolmades. The food is nice, but nothing overly impressive. On the first visit after ordering and waiting 5 minutes I was told they were out of hummus. What? A Greek place out of hummus?  At any rate I think they scraped the bottom of the barrel and I got some with my meal, but about half of what was pictured in the menu. I went back again today, only because I was rushed for lunch and thought i'd give them another shot, since the food was ok last time. I again ordered the veggie platter and was told it would be 20 minutes because they were slammed.  At the time they had three customers waiting that had already ordered. 20 minutes for a meal that has everything already made and just needs to be put in a to-go container. No thanks. On top of this the staff is not really overly friendly. I'd skip this place.
5	Family owned and operated.  Love it.  Always freshly made and very yummy.
5	First time here! I got a Chicago Dog and a Gyro both were awesome! I was greeted as soon as I walked in.  Service is great! I will be back in 2 weeks, when I am up in this area again!
5	Delicious food. Must get gyro combo
5	It's not stylish, but it's fresh, tasty, and budget friendly. I have eaten here a number of times with my son, and I have never been disappointed. I usually get the gyro platter, and if he charged more for it, which he could, I'd still come every bit as often. Support local business! Support Sunnyslope!
5	Great food for a great price. Owner is very generous and a nice guy. Small space, I go for take out but worth the stop in for sure.
5	Gyros on Central serves gyros EXACTLY like the ones you find in New York City.  Exactly.  So good!  The owner is nice and its centrally located.  We go all the time!
2	Perhaps the were just having a bad day based on everyone else.In my case, my wife picked up two gyro plates, one side of fried mushrooms and another of fried jalepenos.First, both sides tasted like the prefab ones they sell at grocery stores, or sysco foods. Not terrible, just nothing that I enjoy.The gyro meat is fine, althou if your like me, you prefer a bit of a chared taste as proof that fire was involved somewhere, I would have been happy if they had just given my slices a nice, quick sear in a pan before putting then in the box.They give a whole lot of rice for the amount of meat, really gets your hopes up with you open the lid and then is a letdown when its well over 60% rice puffing up everything else.What I REALLY disliked, REALLY, is no TZATIKI sauce and NO FETA, but what is obviously some offbrand ranch dressing in containers.I admit, that last fact almost made me give them one star, I'm just assuming it was an accidnt. And if I go back, I'll be sure and ask for them on the platter and with the side salad. Man its sad, I really was hoping for a good experience, I mean the man and the boy there were very nice. which goes a long way with me.
5	We have seen the place several times. Never stopped, I had a thing about eating what appears to be gas station food.  Well its NOT. Its a little place right next to the gas station. They just share a wall and parking lot. Still weird. They say they're looking for a new location. The food was really good though. I am super picky and so is my body. I left feeling very happy and glad that we finally stopped.  Yeah I see they shop at Wal Mart which is the worst thing. We only know cause we watched them bring in the groceries. We will be back.
