4	Nebraska Cornhusker Sports Bar. If you looking for a sports bar to watch Nebraska Football during the fall, Max's will have the game on all over the bar. Max's has good, affordable bar food, great wings, and cheap beer. Off-track betting is available, and they have a poker tournament once a week. This is a cool older bar with tons of sports memorbilia. Seems to be alot of regulars who are very friendly, not much on the singles scene though. Basically, a good sports bar in a cental location... 47th Ave, just south of Glendale.
4	Love this place.  All TVs are HD and flat screens...they will put on any game you want seeing that most Zonie's are transplants there will be a TV to suit your home team.  Food is good (sliders with pickles on the side, Best) and the service is very attentive and nice.  not to mention the sound dogs..a sound device so you can listen to your game at your table and not interrupt or hear anyone elses games.  great place.  it is rehabbed...so it's a little weird you fell like you are sitting in not really a sports bar...but as soon as they break it in Max's will take off.  give it a try.  strongly recommend it and I'm from the capital of sports bars, Chicago.
2	i just don't see the big deal with this place. i've heard about it for years and was actually excited to go here. and i do love to bet on the horses as well and they have off track betting. yes, there is alot of sports memorabilia, mostly college. lots of helmets in display cases. the bar itself feels dirty to me. it's dark and no frills at all. the tables and chairs are below average or average at best. the tvs suck. they have small tvs up towards the ceiling so your neck is cranked up. they have 2 large tvs that are kind of dark. there will usually be a couple of groups hogging those 2 big tvs, so if you want to see your game, you'll be stuck looking up at a small tv and those are usually a little dark or blurred. they have a separate area for horse betters. i don't like that they charge you to sit in that room. the only place to sit in that room is at your own personal tv like the 2nd level at turf paradise, so they charge you to sit there. the food was ok. we were there on a friday for all you can eat fish. well, after ordering several rounds, we found out it wasn't all you can eat. we had to pay for all of it. come on, 99% of places have it as all you can eat fish fry on fridays. the beer was cheaper. i have no idea about mixed drinks. the only reason i would go here is to walk in, look at the memorabilia and leave. also, if you have a large group, i would recommend somewhere else. these tables are small and you would have to push together a few tables. the bar only has a small area of tables.
2	I've gone to Max's twice. They have decent draft specials, but not much else. The bartenders seemed bored, no real energy in the place. I suppose if you like to gamble or like sports it would be ok. They have lots of flat screen tv and gambling type machines, etc.. Not much of a crowd though. Bleh atmosphere. More of a local place to meet 1 friend for a beer once, than a hangout kinda place for a regular meetup.
1	Can I give a no star rating? This may be a little more detailed than necessary but in order to get the point across, it must be said. Being a really big Nebraska Husker fan...I have spent many a dime in this place because it turns into Husker Mecca once Saturday rolls around. But, no more. I was treated rudely on a packed game day waiting for a table that I had already "claimed" by asking the folks that were leaving if we could have their table, they said "of course, no one else has asked us", so we made friends and began chatting it up and waiting for their game to end. Then, apparently the server felt it was her place to interject and tell me that another group of 10 was there first and deserved to have the 4 top table. I said, well, they should have gone to the seated guests and requested that they give them the table than. Not sure how or why this escalated into what it did but it ended up in me graciously gaving up the table of which i was already sitting at to the rude 19 year olds that caused the issue in the first place. Since they had such a large party they really should have come hours in advance in order to claim their own table for their giant group. That's what most people do. I was treated rudely by the server and she was making remarks under her breath (apparently she was having a bad day and was taking it out on me). Even my guy friend had to turn to her and tell her to "watch her mouth". This was a SERVER! Maybe someone should have reminded her that you shouldn't litterally chase customers away. Well, they lost a customer for life and I am one to recommend the places I like, hence, giving them more business. So it's too bad they won't be on that list. On top of all of the drama, their food is horrible, their service is horrible and their lack of consideration of loyalty and good patrons is beyond me. If you want a good Husker Bar for a Saturday game...go to Clancy's on Miller and Camelback. At least here you don't get treated like a child in an adult atmosphere and if you want to snag a table the old fashioned way, you're allowed.
3	One of my employees mentioned that this place was nearby and had lunch specials.  Being just a bit off the main roads I had never seen it.  When you enter it is not immediately clear where to go.  Off to the left is the OTB area with it's special seating and individual TVs.  In the center is a bar that apparently goes unused during week days and off to the right is the main dining area with a rectangular bar that seems dedicated to the horse folks during the day.  To the right of that (East end) there is also a smoking area with it's own set of TVs and food service is available there too.  I sat in the main dining area.Weekdays there are food specials for lunch and dinner as well as the choice to order off the menu.  I chose the daily special of a chicken Parmesan sandwich which at $5 was not a bad deal but at $7-8 would not have been that great.  It came with steak fries which were nice and crispy on the outside.  Service was quite good and friendly.There are a lot of TVs but many of them are not LCD and mounted up high where it is hard on your neck to see them.  I was told later that I could request almost any sports game being shown to be on any TV I chose (including the lower placed LCDs) as long as nobody already had made a choice for that one.Even at lunch time there were a lot of regulars in the place.  During baseball season I will probably go back on a semi regular basis to be able to watch day games with my lunch.  I will most likely also try some of the regular menu items.
5	This is a great place for happy hour and all sporting events. Great food. Their new Tater tots are among the best. They are made in the kitchen.
5	This place is the bomb. com, Chris is one of the coolest bar tenders ever! 1.75 drafts cant be beat. Try the Jalepeno and cheese tator tots they are delicious! Also the beer is as cold as it gets.
3	So we went here every week back in the early 90's. Only place in town that had all the NFL games. Oh the stories I could tell! This place has done a major transformation over the years and is now somewhat family friendly! Still show NFL games but their TV's are SOOOO Freakin outdated that is the one thing they really need to address. Good Service good food will be back sometime...
4	This place is a little off the beaten path...and so is it's location. We got winners, we got losers Chain smokers and boozersAnd we got yuppies, we got bikers  We got thristy hitchhikersAnd the girls next door dress up like movie stars Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar We got cowboys, we got truckers  Broken-hearted fools and suckersAnd we got hustlers, we got fighters  Early birds and all-nightersAnd the veterans talk about their battle scars Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this barThe waitstaff was freaking awesome! She looked a littel like Julie Bowen who is MILFThe food was good too!
4	Some of my friends gathered together and came to visit me during my lil stay on the westside.  Where did we go?  Max's.  All. night. long.  over and over again.  We had a ton of fun at this place.  It's quirky as fuck.  There are football helmets in glass cases that line the hallways.  Murals of screaming sport fans along the walls.  Ol codgers belly up to the bar and yell at the horses on the screen "that's it baby, right there, keep it going."  So entertaining!The beers where ridiculously cheap.  One of the times we went, we were there all day and all night and the tab was like $12.    I haven't tried the food there.
5	I love this place! It was a lot of sports stuff everywhere & the beer is always ice cold! Cajun chicken sandwich with tater tots are the best!
4	We didn't know what to expect with this place, but we were pleasantly surprised. We actually only went there to watch a game since our cable was out. We got our drinks and Max's tater tots half off since it was happy hour. We got a Cobb salad and a party melt. Both were huge, yummy, and very well priced!
1	Service horrible food OK, manager omg horrible this guy was the worst, he charged me $20 dollars for a shot of something they made the mistake on its usually $7.00 and he told me there is nothing he could do ....so if you want horrible service this place is it...what a rip off ...
4	"In honor of Colorado and Washington, the fourth quarter special will be liquid marijuana for $4.20" I picked the right place to watch the super bowl. This bar is off the beaten path. You can drive up and down Glendale all day and not notice it unless you're using a GPS. Once you get there, you'll see it's HUGE! And retro. Like, my dad probably came here at my age. It's that old. The decor is legit, with so much sports memorabilia you look through. They have decades old helmets from seemingly every college team in the game. There's a baseball room as well. This place almost doubles as a museum!All the drinks are cheap, and there's a full menu of just about anything you could want. It's nothing gourmet, just old-fashioned bar food. TVs aren't the best quality, but they are everywhere, so you can watch whatever you want. Glendale gets pretty boring, so I'm really glad to find this place to break the monotony.
1	This was my first time coming to the place. I live right by and have been wanting to go for sometime now. The parking is always full so I thought it would be a great place. As it turns out it was a total disappointment. The bar tender is rude and not very accommodating to customer needs. I ordered a Long Island and it was the worst Iv had in my life. You could taste nothing but this nasty liquor that I couldn't even pinpoint! I had asked the waitress politely if there was anything they could do she was too timid to even ask him, stating I should talk to him as he mixed it appropriately. He came by 20 min later and asked me how I felt about it stating if I don't like how he makes it not his fault. I simply asked him if he could maybe add some mango or raspberry flavoring and his response was it won't be a Long Island and walked away. He came back slammed the drink on the table and walked away. It was still horrible. But trying to be polite I had a few sips and left it without further complaining. Me and my friend ordered their meat lovers pizza which looked delicious! When we took a bite it was way to dry and tasted rather stale. I guess it wasn't the best or the worst Iv had. During our dinner the bartender walked in form the patio yelling about a customer who was complaining about having to wait 30 min for a glass of wine and his words exactly " not my damn problem you know where the bar is"To say I was not impressed would be a understatement. The decor is horrible, for a sports bar TVs are wayy behind on technology and quality. Honestly I wouldn't waist my time or money on this place.
1	I've been to Max's many times over the years. I've always had their club sandwich which never disappointed me. Last Friday my wife and I tried the fish fry and we were very disappointed! We received one and a half pieces of fish. Who ever heard of half a piece? The fish wasn't that great either and the cole slaw was even worse! Last time for us!!!  :-(
4	An old school sports bar with very affordable drink specials. The wings and fries are amazing! Bartenders Chris and Christine are real with you and provide amazing service. Only thing that I don't like is that they play old school rock on the speakers at all times even when the games are on. I think it would provide a much better atmosphere if we could hear the games on the speakers. Overall one of Glendale's hidden gems and will be coming back for years!
1	It's been many years since my husband and I have been to Max's and we are looking for a new place to watch football, so we went for dinner last night (Friday around 5pm).  It's a huge bar/restaurant with off track horse and greyhound betting.  There is not a lot of parking for a bar this big inside. There are TV's everywhere but they aren't very big TV's.  We have a 72 inch at home so these actually looked puny in comparison.  It took about 15 minutes for someone to come over to wait on us which is not very attentive when someone first sits down and we were at the table near the kitchen where the wait staff hang out so I know they saw us.I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich with fries  and my husband ordered the Club sandwich with fries.  The fries were the only good thing about both sandwiches.  My Philly was literally the worst I have ever had.  The meat was dry, the portion of the meat poor and the cheese was barely there.  They used chopped red and green bell pepper with the onion and I didn't like the red pepper taste at all.  As a matter of fact, that sandwich was so bad my stomach was really upset and I had heartburn all night and into this morning. My husband's Club was "ok" but the meat portion was not much for volume.  He is used to Club sandwiches stacked with meat.  The waitress we had was very attentive, and we had no complaint about her. As for drink pricing, I had a double vanilla vodka and diet coke and to my surprise they only charged me $2.50, for a double!  Must have been well pricing for happy hour.  My husband's Bud Light in a bottle was $3.  I know this place is a sports bar legend in the Phoenix area but we were really disappointed and won't be going back there.
4	I have been to Max's a couple of times, but went again last night.  Brandon and his trainee Lulu waited on us. Service was excellent and very attentive.  We ordered the wings, honey hot and medium. Definitely loved the honey hot. The sauce was excellent.  The medium was also good, but was your typical sauce.  The wings were a great size and had lots of meat. I couldn't even finish the whole plate. We ordered 2 Dos XX and they were super cold. And only $3.50! I will definitely be back. Just wish they would upgrade the TVs.
2	My boyfriend wanted to try out this place as it is close to home...it looked nice from the outside but once we walked in...wow. It is so dated! The tv's are old and not in HD (if youre going to watch sports and spend money, you should at least have a nice t.v.). I don't think anyone was smoking...but that's all I could smell and I wasn't sitting next to anyone. My boyfriend and I are in our 20's and we were definitely the youngest there. This place has an older crowd (50's+). The bartender was ok...she looked at my boyfriends ID for about 5 minutes...it was kind of annoying. He has the new ID so I don't know what the problem was. We had one drink and an order of fries and just left. We really did not care for the atmosphere. Won't be going back.
3	I have been frequenting Max's for over 10 years. It's got pro's and con's that are to be weighed out before deciding to visit this place.  10 years ago this place was awesome!  I have to say... it could use some updating. The chairs are old and hurt your butt and the TV'S need to be replaced.  It's a bummer when we go to watch a football game and the screen is fuzzy. With TV'S being so cheap it would not take much to replace some of the older ones.  The food is hit or miss. There are some things that are great and others not so much. The homemade chips are delicious! We have always had great service! Friendly and attentive and the management has always stepped up on the occasion of an issue.  If you are looking for a neighborhood sports bar then this is a great place to go.
1	I've come here several times because my family likes this place. I personally would never come outside of them because I have NEVER dealt with such a rude, nasty staff. There are two male bartenders that clearly hate their job and have no problem taking it out on their customers. It's unfortunate, because I like to to extremely well but tonight my bartender will get $0.
5	Good food and the service was fantastic.  Our waitress recommend the spicy chicken sandwich with stuffed tater tots.  Fantastic!! very cool place and if you like to bet the track, it's all here.
3	Good old school sports bar! Great place to watch all the games. Food is bar food but the atmosphere is cool
4	Good prices on the drinks and the food is not too expensive either. I've only had the buffalo chicken wrap and the tater tots, but both were better than most sports bars will offer you. The service is great too and the staff is friendly and lively. The TV's could use a an upgrade as mentioned in other reviews, but the atmosphere does remind me of the fun bar and grill restaurants that I visited with my family as a kid, so the tv selection is not really that big of a deal.
