3	Caspian Chevron is privately owned. It has to be. The station is clean, there's a mechanic bay, full service pump if you don't want to risk your new 4' super-extended nail nirvana, and propane. The prices are typically higher than what you can find in the area, but it's a neighborhood gas station, the old fashioned way. I'll pay the extra.
1	Watch out at this chevron! You can easily choose the full service pump as it's not clearly marked. If you get out of your car and start pumping your own gas they let you and they don't come service your car so you end up paying an extra five a gallon for nothing. But that is not all! The mechanic will look over the whole engine including belts for fifty dollars. They have you fill out a sheet with your name personal info car info and also have you sign it. When you come back, the charge is more than they said and the paperwork you filled out is suddenly their bill and they tell you that you have approved the amount because you signed that paper even they wrote in a list of things the did that wasn't there when you signed the paper and won't give you your keys till you pay what they are asking on the fake bill. So basically you are paying for nothing and they did no work thus being royally ripped off. Also manager or owner of the place drops the name cindy mccain every five seconds.
4	Fast friendly service. They were able to refill our propane tank (which someone, who shall remain nameless, insisted was empty) in just a matter of moments and only for $5 and change. Sweet.Honey, please consult me before we take a trek around uptown trying to find a place to refill our tank. Thanks, babe. Love ya. kthxbai.  ;)
5	If you live in Central Phoenix and need to buy quality gas and also get your car repaired this is an excellent gas station. I recently took my Toyota Camry to get repaired here.  John the owner/manager was honest about what need to be done, had an excellent mechanic who did the work and charged a fair price.  I will now buy my gas here as well as get it serviced. In the large anonymous world of gas stations, auto repair shops, Caspian Chevron offers customer friendly and personalize service that delivers what they promise.  No more Toyota dealer (for servicing) or Costco gas for me....I have found I gas and auto repair station I can trust.
5	Never thought i review a gas station, but this one is really different. It is family owned and you can certainly tell.  It is always so clean they must even wipe down the pumps. It is a pleasure to come in. The man that owns it told me it is the oldest gas station location is Phoenix. It does carry quality gas and it is a great location. Right on the corner of 7th Ave and Bethany. The price is always a little less than the other Chevron on Thomas as well. I hear that the auto service is very good as well.
5	Very nice people .  Refill propane tanks starting at 7AM.
1	The owner John is crazy!!!  I stopped there to meet him for a business appointment.  The entire site is under construction and by the look of it they were closed during this time.    Because of this I parked under the canopy in the shade.  Well, it turns out they aren't closed.  As I walked up to introduce myself to John the first words out of his mouth were "get the fuck out of here"!  He started yelling at me for parking next to one of the gas pumps.  I apologized and told him that I didn't realize that he was open.  He continued to yell "get the fuck out of here"  and added that he would "kick my fucking ass"!  Simply asking me to move my car so I didn't block entering customers would have done the trick.  I happen to live about a mile away and I will never buy a drop of gas from him.  Screw this place and screw John!
5	Pulled in and pumped gas into the rental car. Owner John noticed a very low rear tire and alerted me. Patched the hole ln the problematic tire in a couple of minutes at a super reasonable price and sent me on my way. Gas prices a little more than the Circle K across the street, but solid neighborly service instead of corporatism. Recommend
5	I have been to this family owned gas station over 100 times in the past 5 years.  It was just remodeled, and it looks great!  This is also one of the only full service stations in the area.  Whether you're looking for snacks, drinks, auto repair, propane, or just simply gas, this is the place to go.
5	Not only are John and Azi, the owners, polite and courteous, they make you feel like they have known you forever. I get propane refills all the time from this location and even if there were some place closer, I'd still go to them. It really makes a difference when you care. Thank you!
