4	Met a tempe marketplace for a quick meeting and decided to do lunch.  walked around to find a good place to eat and the selling factor was the guy standing outside the door with free samples.  one bite and we were in.  great sandwich and easy to order and quick to deliver.  and the pigeons haven't discovered this section of resturants yet (if you have been to tempe market place you know what i mean).  we ate outside and i must say i love this time of year. great sandwich too, did i mention that.  don't be swayed by the phoney irish pub next door with the girls in the short kilts, we almost fell for it but went with the fat greasy guy handing out samples of their delicious sandwiches. maybe will have the kilts next time!
1	In the past I really enjoyed Great Steak, even though it's not a legit cheesesteak they usually tide me over. However, this particular location was terrible, one of the worst sandwiches I've ever had. Won't be back. EVER.
1	Um...yeah. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  Not so great steak nor potato.  What kind of company is this?  A restaurant?  Are you sure?  Okay I'm being mean now :(  I sure this is a great franchise however it just didn't work for me.  I can't say I'm an expert in Philly sandwiches, but then again I really didn't order one.  I got a Philly burger, but man -- I rather eat at McDonald's - or even worse Hardees (You Midwest peeps know what I'm talking about :) )  Let's just say I'm not a chef but I can make a better tasting burger.  The decor of the place -- well I just didn't care for it after a while.  - Enjoy!
3	Straight up Mall Food Court style cheesesteaks - we stopped in here in between movies at the AMC and we're indifferent to it.  Not bad, not great, just ok.  I'd eat here again if I was starving and needed a quick bite, but I certainly wouldn't take the whole gang and tout it as a culinary adventure.  To hate this place based on the quality of the food is like hating McDonalds - you know what you're gonna get, so you can't really hold it to a higher standard.  Sandwiches were decently-sized and the fries were crispy and hot.  Service was slow - only one guy running the counter and grill while his coworker was out getting coffee.  When she came back, she seemed a little flustered by the traffic in the store.All in all, average.
3	Not bad.
4	Never had a bad meal here. Prob been to this location 4or 5 times. Tried something different each time. Love that they push their product outside on sample trays.  Staff is friendly, food is not over priced and always tasty.
2	Meh. It's not horrible, just not anything special. It' similar to a Charlies Steakery with limited choices.
4	I used to come here a lot when I lived in Tempe. It is one of my favorite places for a quick bite at Tempe Marketplace -- aka the new Desert Ridge. The employees are always nice and even though I'm a bit picky with my order they have yet to make a mistake. I like how the drink/condiment section is set-up. Plus: the bathroom is spotless.The food is kind of heavy before a movie -- at least for me -- but I like it for dinner or a late lunch and dinner, I think linner is what they call that meal...
1	Probably the WORST food I have ever paid for.
1	It's not even freakin busy in here and it's been 10 minutes before they even started making my order. Some chick is just mopin'around not anything I wanted chipotle but came here to be quicker, well the long ass line That was at chipotle was done before they even started making my order that's bullshit I'm not coming here ever again
2	we at here 8/2/14 around 7 pm.  the menu was very easy to follow because this was our first time eating here.we ordered the 7" ham delight, kid's chicken nuggets, 12" original philly.  i sample all the food we ordered and it was crap!  i wouldn't say the worst food and by no means am i a philly cheesesteak guru but the food we ordered was not good.the service was okay.  will not be going back ever again.
