1	1 Word. Yucky.I guess I have "high standards" being from New York, but between the pizza and the grossly overpriced, watery sauced, rubbery "Chicken Parmigiana", I don't think I'll be making a return visit to this place.Mediocre service. I've had much better, and in a climate with such fierce competition for the consumer's dollar - I think they should try harder.
1	Bread for the sandwiches taste terrible, the pizza is awful, service sucks. If you see this place keep driving as a matter of fact try not to even look at it. It just ruins my appetite every time I do.
3	I ordered a large gourmet veggie pizza  and a side of 12 suicide wings last week. The pizza was really good. I liked the thin crust and the vegetables. It was a big size, and everyone filled up on it. The wings were very greasy and not very good. They were like chicken ball shaped, and not like wing. The suicide was also not that hot. The service was ok. The girl who took my order wasn't as friendly as she could have been. It was ready when they said though, and everything was there.What I dont like is that I went to pick it up and it was a 33 dollar tab. That is very expensive I feel. Too much for what we got. I will just order from another place next time that is cheaper. I am glad that I got to try it though.
3	Definitely not bad; not really good either. It's nice that the garlic knots are complementary and pretty good. Nice discounts offered. Will not be back.
1	What an awful experience! Service was lacking in everyway. What I wanted to order was no longer on menu. However, menu stated "new".When food came out, I lost my appetite.LeftAsap! HORRIBLE
4	Based on all the bad reviews I was very leery of trying this place but hubby wanted broasted chicken so.....here we are.  He was happy with his chicken although cole slaw and macaroni salad leave a lot to be desired.  I ordered a 10" pizza with tomatoes and mushrooms.  I must have low standards because I liked it and DID NOT think it was overpriced.  To each his own, I guess.  Some people are snobs and some people are low rent.  Service was good and our orders arrived within a reasonable amount of time.  We will be back.
4	Streets of New York teamed up with UBS and provided vouchers for a free cheese pizza as a thank you for donating blood through the United Blood Services. I went ahead and ventured out to this location to redeem my reward and was very pleasantly surprised with my experience. I was greeted promptly, the atmosphere was welcoming and clean and my server was attentive. I ordered a raspberry ice tea, a Greek salad and the the 14'' Pizza, although I decided to add chicken, sun dried tomatoes and mushrooms to it. Not only was the salad and pizza delicious, I was also impressed with the presentation. All the ingredients tasted fresh, the crust was buttery and perfectly golden, and the sauce added a nice robust flavor to the pizza. To say the least, I will certainly return for seconds.
1	I placed an order for delivery tonight...took them well over an hour to get here. The delivery man (who I later found out was the "manager") forgot the 2 liter at the store. I call back and the young girl who took my order answered the phone. I let her know he forgot the soda and she said he was on his way back to the store to pick it up and he would be back. 15 mins later I called back and she then informed me he was just now leaving and would be here in 5 mins. By this point the street fries are even more cold than they were when I got them. My girlfriend goes to the store and csame back before the manager even got here with the 2 liter. He kept saying " next time free two liter on us." As if there will ever be a next time. The one plus was the pizza was pretty good....after heating it up in my oven. Never again.
2	The name is deceiving, not anything at all like NY style pizza, not even close! Was hoping to get pizza like back home and was disappointed to say the least. The wings were good. The pizza was very doughy, not thin, dough was definitely not handmade. It tasted pre-made. It was very salty, not enough cheese, too much spice in sauce, and even more dry seasonings sprinkled on top, which is totally not necessary. If you're not used to East Coast style pizza then this place would probably be acceptable. Won't eat there again.
3	Although this Streets never has the same staff twice in a row ( which probably says something about the management) my wife and I continue to frequent it because we like the pizza. They make a pretty decent sub sandwich as well.
1	Horrible service place. Our waitress walked right past us. No word.    We watched as she asked other people what they wanted.  Really.  No silverware. No napkins.
1	I don't really know where to start. I ordered delivery tonight and the online process was fine. My delivery driver was late, which is fine because he was only late by about 15 minutes and I understand that weekends are busy. However, I was called because he couldn't find my apartment but there is only one of my apartment number in the whole complex. They asked if I could open the door and they weren't there...so I'm not sure where they went instead. He eventually found me.The driver was friendly, but the presentation wasn't great. It was all stuffed into a bag and sideways so the dip I had was all on one side and then the marinara sauce fell out of the bag because it was at the top uncovered, which fell onto my carpet and could've stained it. Onto the food. The artichoke dip was awful. I understand there is sour cream in it, but it was so so sour and no balance between that and the cheese and artichoke. I didn't even eat it. The garlic bread was okay. It could've definitely had more garlic and I ordered the cheese bread, and one of the pieces didn't even have cheese on it at all. As for the pasta, it was pretty low quality. The chicken I added to it was good at least. I told them I do not like heavy sauce and if they were worried to put too much they could put it on the side for me. It had a lot of sauce in my opinion, so I'm not sure if they didn't read my request or if that was "light" sauce in their opinion. They must drown it then for usual orders. One of the delivery boxes was actually ripped too. They could've included utensils an parmesan cheese for the pasta. Nothing I ordered here was better than anything I could make by myself, and I'm not a gourmet chef or anything. Overall just a bad, low quality experience for several reasons. I would much rather go with Rosati's or some other local place I trust. It was worth a try, but definitely not worth the over $30 I spent for it at all.
