5	Extremely nice staff, in a really clean, modern, comfortable office.  I went in for a gum recession that was a little tender.  He took care of it and then sat with me and did online research for the best dental plan for my situation.  He's great!He also did my 2 front veneers. They've been going strong since 1998, and they really boosted my self confidence immensely!  Thanks Dr. Hatch!
5	Dr. Hatch and Dr. Konkle and their entire staff make going to the Dentist an excellent experience. They have state of the art equipment and is skilled and efficient. My kids and I usually dread going to the dentist but the staff at Hatch Family Dentistry make our experience effortless and make us feel at ease.Our family has had a lot of work done such as cavities filled, whitening, crowns and a few emergencies.  Hatch Family Dentistry always gets us in with no problems and the work is excellent and very professional.  I have never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my appointment. I am very grateful to have found this dentist and would highly recommend Hatch Family Dentistry.
5	Wow.  Walked in with a porcelain crown that was literally crumbling in my mouth and walked out with a brand new, custom-designed crown -- all in one trip!  Gone are the days of temporary silver crowns for this office.  The technology is as amazing and fast as their team. Carrie and Dr. Hatch worked wonders! Was able to quickly schedule the appointment and 90 minutes later walked out with a beautiful smile.   Thanks Dr. Hatch!
5	I usually never write reviews, mostly because I just do not ever seem to find the time to. But I made sure to find time to write a review for Hatch Family Dentistry because frankly they deserve it :) I was looking to get my wisdom tooth out and came across their website online. When I went in for the consultation visit, the entire staff was extremely friendly and there was hardly any wait time at all! I met with Dr. Konkle and he was very nice and personable. I usually hate going to the dentist, but he actually made my time in the office enjoyable. He made me feel like he actually cared about my day and how I was doing, rather than just being a client he was trying to get in and out of his office. When he gave me the quote for the wisdom tooth extraction the cost was way lower than I was expecting (which is always good)! Dr. Konkle even said that he would be able to get me in that day if I wanted. After I had my tooth extracted, he went out his way to call me a few days later to make sure that there were no complications and that I was doing okay. I have to say that this dentist office is doing something right! They really are a great place! :)
