4	is it the best this town has to offer in term of latin american food? i can't say but it is THAT good though.place is kitsch, the plastic table cover doesn't look inviting. the menu underneath the cover is a head scratcher as well as the canteen chairs. but do not let yourself be fooled by such rookie mistakes. it's all about the food and boy do they deliver.the menu is kinda overwhelming with the many choices and not really knowing what to choose. sticking with the well known dishes is a pretty safe bet; pupusas, enchiladas, burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos or you can always ask the very helpful waitress. she steered me away from the orange juice (which is the minute maid variety). i was glad as i end up choosing the better non alcoholic drink, coconut water, served in a tall glass with coconut shape ice cube and pretty inexpensive to boot. they have alcohol too. the classic latin american drinks you'd find anywhere is offered here.food wise, i settle with the pupusas (stuffed tortillas with refried beans, loroco and ground pork mixture i believe), fish and shrimp & cheese. the fish pupusa was extremely tasty. perfectly seasoned without overpowering the delicate fish taste.the shrimp and cheese on the other hand, the cheese was simply overpowering the shrimp. you had a choice of bypassing the cheese which in hindsight, i should have. seafood and cheese? usually a big faux pas especially with shrimp.to accompany the pupusas, you had a side of salsa verde, tomato sauce and pickled carrots and cabbage (or is it coleslaw?). the salsa verde.. holy batman, it is so spicy, i was sweating the stuff. being a guy that has no problem with bird chili and sriracha/chili paste, that salsa was simply too much. had to cut off the hotness with the tomato sauce and a truckload of slaw. the salsa, besides the spicy smell, is quite flavorful with the roasted tomatillo and lime juice.i had a beef burrito on the go first time around which was quite filling and pretty tasty and inexpensive.they only take cash. takeout is available as well as doggy bagging the leftovers. price is fair with 90% of the menu sitting between $10-20
