4	Not an antique store or boutique, Opportunity Village is one of the largest and best thrift stores I've ever been to.  It stretches down an entire block, room after room.  Because it's so spacious, the goods aren't crammed together and things were pretty well organized.  It seemed like they receive cast offs from the many antique stores in town.  I bought an amazing lamp for $19 which still had a consignment tag for $279. Some of the pricing seemed inconsistent, which is the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars.  They are open 7 days a week and take credit/ATM
4	This review is based on one shopping trip where I scored three great finds: a Banana Republic shawl, almost new black cardigan, and a cute oversized checked knit cardigan - all for $10. The cashier was great and knocked a couple of bucks off for me.
4	Great thrift store, always something interesting. Lots of useful items at discounted prices.Their bldg just burned down and they need a new donated space.Contact them if you or someone you know has a large space available.They do great work in the community
3	Reviewing the old location- 3.5 stars- it was hit or miss with this thrift store for me. My sister and my mom like this one, though. On my last trip here, I did find new rolls of gift wrap still in the original cellophane, for super cheap- score. I saw Corelle (this is what I use for everyday, at home) dishes and bowls in the kitchen area marked at $6.00. The layout of the store is a little odd. There are rooms which appear to be add-ons or something because you walk into other rooms within rooms (did that make sense?). Good selection for furniture- some were donations from major local retailers. Loading area for furniture pickup is located in the back. Small parking lot, sometimes one can find parking in front of the store. Some of the people working here are volunteers. The temporary location (grand opening is Today, in fact) is located at the old Steve & Barry's store near the Meadows Mall. Since the fire, many businesses have donated merchandise, so the inventory should be very good.
