1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. I was once very fond of this place. That was until they changed directors. They aren't consistent with sending home daily reports with the children. I'm the kind of parent that likes to know how my kids did in daycare. I like to know the good and the bad. When they sent home reports, hey would say "had a great day!" Well, what made their day so great? Also, they would send home a good report, but when I talk with the teacher, they would tell me how bad my child was. I asked why it wasn't on the reports I received and they said they write the reports mid day. How backwards is that? There are some teachers there who really seemed to care, but there seems to be too many cooks in the kitchen. The management team would often refer to "the owners" but when I asked who the owners were they said they don't distribute that information. Huh?! If someone is going to be around my children, I want to know who they are! They do have a clean facility. They also have a lot of different daily activities for the children to play with. But they need better trained staff. All of their teachers are not certified. Also, I had an issue with kids bullying my son. They didn't try to resolve it. I requested a meeting with he kids parents because most people know that one major factor in resolving bullying is with the help of all parents involved. Well, they out right ignored me. I won't be making a recommendation for this daycare to anyone.
5	I recently enrolled my son in this daycare.  It is VERY clean and have never had any problems with the staff.  I am a huge germ freak and was very happy when I saw people cleaning stuff.  I get daily reports on what my son ate, drank and any soiled diapers he has had.  The director is wonderful and I am confident that my son is in good hands when I drop him off before I go to work for the day.  The rates they offer are very competative and they also offer discounts through work...  like GCU employees.
1	It is closed. It was a nice, clean daycare and our kids were very happy there, but it closed abruptly. Two days' worth of warning to the parents and that was it. They say our kids can go to the other location but I have heard bad things about it and it is not nearly as convenient. We're still in shock.. We can't understand why it closed so suddenly.
1	So originally I loved taking my son to Children's Campus Too..  Up until they had to move locations to 43rd Ave and Thomas.  This area is horrible and the office is disgusting and very UNCLEAN!!!  After moving to this location, I noticed that the children were always sick and the staff wouldn't stick to the sick policy.  My son was enrolled in a total of three and half months.  He was ill six different times two in which required overnight hospitalization.  He ranged from getting a cold that required antibiotics to pink eye to coming down with an infection that included at 104 degree fever.  Unfortunately, this place on Camelback and 32nd Street I would highly recommend, but since closing the doors there, and moving all of the kids to Children's Campus on Thomas, I wouldn't recommend you take your child there.
