3	Strangely, I don't think that I had been to a Golden Corral for years.  Then in the last three weeks, I've been multiple times.  I don't know why.  To make it even more interesting, I actually ate more at the salad bar than I did at the meat/entree bar.  Go figure.The salads are actually pretty decent.  I'm not an expert by any means, but I really enjoyed the variety of selection when it came to lettuce, as well as toppings for the salads and even the various soups they had.Don't get me wrong, I went back and picked up a few sides here and there to go with it (don't want to spend my $10 and eat a salad), but I didn't gorge myself on all you can eat ribs either.Sweet Tea Report:  The sweet tea in the front (where you pay your bill) is almost always excellent.  But the sweet tea in the back - where the servers get your refills - is almost always not sweet.  So ask your server to get your refills from the front and you'll be good.  Otherwise it's horribly not sweet.
2	I'm teetering between 1 and 2 stars here, but maybe I'm not a true buffet aficionado.  Don't get wrong, not all buffets are evil. But this Golden Corral epitomizes everything I dislike about them.I went on Sunday after church (mistake no. 1) and was shuffled through the line where I picked up my drink.  Side note: They have horchata as a beverage option.  I descended into the masses gorging themselves on mediocre food.  The crowds, the loudspeakers announcements that children needed to be accompanied by an adult at the buffets, and the waitress whose first words to me were "Receipt?" were a huge turnoff.  Yep, they even check your receipt to make sure no one is pilfering mediocre food.  Refills are hard to come by.Sure, they have "Asian" food, "Brazilian" churrasco steak, tacos, fried chicken, and every other Americanized food imaginable, but is it good?  Not really.  I tried both the brisket and the churrasco steak, both were about 50% fat!  The bourbon chicken was overcooked in something more like a cheap BBQ sauce.  The only highlight was the yeast roll and mac-n-cheese.  Even the carrots were heavily coated with butter or oil one. Blugh!  People actually line up en masse for this???  I don't mean to moralize here, but I'd rather be pleasantly full from a quality meal than stuffed with bland, fatty foods served from a trough!  Enter at your own risk!
4	Reasonably good food and lots of it. Service was attentive without being intrusive. We will return.
4	Food is great. Place is clean. The clam chowder is not bad but could be better. Great selection of food. Our server Sophia is amazing. She's very friendly and efficient. I will definitely come back here.
3	Golden Corral seems to teeter on being either "pretty good" to "fairly mediocre" for me in terms of food. It's never consistent.  I wish I could give it a 2.5 rating instead of 3.Alot of the times the food in the buffet in the early (between 5:30-6:00) evening seems to have been sitting all afternoon. The veggies look dried out and sometimes they seem to over compensate by adding more water to it and it doesn't help. The baked potatoes do sit in the bin too long and are always dried out. GC actually has good fried chicken but they seem to be too lazy to fry up enough to keep up with demand. It's hard to get a steak cooked medium. The cook will show you one that looks medium when he cuts into the side of it but once you get it to the table, the rest of it is very well done. Hush puppies and fried fish are very good. BBQ and ribs (when available) are hit and miss. Mashed potatoes, when cooked properly, at least taste homemade. The salad bar seems to have shrunk in toppings. The soup sits so long that they develop film.Desserts are usually the same as the veggies. They've been sitting too long during the afternoon and are in dire need of being replaced with fresh items.The chocolate fountain, while impressive, is pretty lackluster in chocolate flavor. It's really not a good idea to have one in such a public buffet setting, sanitary-wise (look at the base of the fountain and you will see what I mean)...but that's the germaphobe in me.This particular restaurant is very clean and the staff is efficient and friendly. It does bother me to see the actual waitresses having to do a lot of the actual cleaning/mopping around the stations...once again, that's the germaphobe in me.The dishes and drinking cups all need to be replaced. They have a lot of mileage on them.Your pal,Walter
2	I've been there a couple of times. The service is good...the food is marginal...but what turned me off is when I saw this old guy drooling as he walked toward the food. I'll never be back!
1	The food is as disgusting as the people who eat here.
5	For a buffet this place has a good selection. Food was fresh and tasty. Excellent wait staff.
4	Food is always fresh & hot. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. Can't really say anything bad about this Golden Corral. It sure beats the one on South Blvd. in Pineville.
1	Hadn't been in years, decided to come based on nostalgia and I was so indecisive on exactly what I had a taste for but I was starving, and my go to Basil wasn't open, so why not try the place that has everything right? Wrong. Bad decision.Most of the food was greasy and just not well prepared. The medium "steak" was tough and dry. The fried chicken was just ok. I did try out the salad bar and I was pleased, but you don't come to a buffet and pay 12 bucks for a salad.The desserts were all terrible and clearly made with cheap ingredients. The chocolate fountain was weak as you could tell they tried to thin it out by cutting it with oil or something. The frozen yogurt was tasteless. Oh, but those fresh hot rolls were great! Good thing I can get great, fresh, hot rolls at other places because I will not be coming back.
1	Breakfast was terrible...how do you ruin breakfast.  It is like they are not even trying...I even complained, she pointed out they have made to order eggs and omelets.  That was almost edible...if I had started there maybe...so best tip I can give, "start there!"   It doesn't get better...
3	I had never been here before and was reserving my attempt at eating here for a day when I was not heavily invested in having a good meal.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I assumed it was going to be like Ponderosa up north...terrible.  For a $12 a person buffet, GC has a lot of freshly prepped food.  The dishes are turned often and have good flavor for the setting.  The food is meat (sirloin, ribs, pulled pork, meatloaf), sides (mac & cheese, veggies, sweet potatoes, and the like), salads bar items, some stir fry dishes, soups, and desserts (cotton candy machine, cakes, ice cream, etc).  For a cheap night out, at an all you can eat buffet, this is probably some of the better quality you will find.  The desserts are not at great in quality at the main dish items.  I was expecting the worst, and was satisfied with what they have.  If you want a cheap buffet that isn't going to leave you with post meal MSG sickness of death that asian buffets tend to give, I recommend this place.
4	I have eaten at many GCs in the area. This is the best one I've been to, in Matthews. The food is good and fresh. I go about 11:00 AM or 4:00 PM, so the lunch food has just come out or the supper food has just come out. It is always fresh cooked and delicious. The restaurant is clean and restrooms clean. Watch the tile floor by the bathrooms. They mop these frequently and the tile is slippery. I once slipped and fell, with no apology from the manager (Bill), when I told him what happened.One tip, when I go for supper, I get there about 10 minutes before 4:00 and sit at the table or get a small salad until 4:00 when the supper food is put out. You pay for lunch and get supper.Overall, I like GC very much and will continue to go. It is perfect for groups.
