4	The Apartment is a little off the beaten track (especially if you're in Edinburgh for the festival) but the food is consistenly outstanding, and although sometimes the service can be variable, it is worth it for the food.  It's also in a really nice location, because if you get a table by the window you can watch the traffic going by on Bruntsfield Place - as a big people watcher I love that!For the food, teh menu is a little unusual in the sense that it is not laid out as strarters, mains etc.  They have Chunky Healthy Lines (CHLs) which are kebab type things served with salad and pita, Fish Things, Other Things and Salad Dishes.  We had the merguez sausage, mussels and of course plenty of the yummy garlic fries.Definitely recommend, just be prepared for slightly too cool for school wait staff!
4	The Apartment is the wind beneath the wings of its younger sister restaurant, The Outsider. So joyful that I found a place to use that phrase today. Anyway, as much as I love The Outsider, and I absolutely do, The Apartment came first, and has just as good an ambience and the same high quality of food that The Outsider does.The chunky healthy lines to share for a starter, plus the rest of the reasonably priced and varied menu, are all here for your happy consumption. The chunky healthy lines are what brings me back to these restaurants time after time, as the beetroot coleslaw is just so good (I ranted on deliriously about the merits of the coleslaw in my review of The Outsider, so I won't go on too much in this one), but not only that, it just goes so well with a tasty scallop, salmon and new potato skewer. Definitely, definitely try a CHL when you're in here. The atmosphere at The Apartment is chilled, and laid back, and the simplicity of the decor plus the candle light works really well here. It is slightly further away from the city centre, but if you're in the Bruntsfield/Tollcross area, it's certainly worth making the effort to go here. Book ahead though, as the restaurant is fairly small, and tables go quickly.
4	I recently reviewed the consistently very decent Apartment restaurant, however, on returning there for a meal this week for the first time in a wee while, I realised it had gone through somewhat of a refurb after ten years of faithfully serving up the famous Chunky Healthy Lines to Tollcross/Bruntsfield diners. The Apartment's sister restaurant, The Outsider, still includes these delicacies on the menu, so the newly made over Apartment now sports a different menu and a different look.The understated, modern trendiness of the interior still remains, but new additions include an awesome array of different lights, which were both contemporary and edgy, plus raised ceilings and a mirror that kind of looked like it had a skyscraper design imprinted on it. Some might call it French vintage looking shabby chic, others might just want to sit and enjoy the food and not spend hours defining the decor. The menu had quite a few traditional dishes with a modern twist. I went for the hake, served with an almond and capers dressing, while my friends went for the seafood chowder. All really tasty, and still good times all round, even without the skewers and beetroot coleslaw.
5	As part of my graduation week, I had the privilege of attending a variety of restaurants I normally can't afford. Apart from Sweet Melindas, I also went to the Apartment, which is in Tollcross right next to Barclay Viewforth Church. It's a pretty teensy restaurant, but the tables aren't very crowded and the furniture all looks like it's been carved with care. The staff can take banter, and always with a smile. It's clientele is generally quite easy-going and casual: mostly young adults, though there are the occasional children. With my participation, there were also a few parents and grandparents. The food was mouthwatering; the menu was pretty modern, but not too outrageous. The vegetarian options were alright, but not to die for. As a former meat-eater, though, I can gauge just by look and smell, how good the food must taste. And the service was prompt to boot!When I was there, we got the chance to be star-struck by Ewen Bremner, Spud from Trainspotting, THE film about Edinburgh (apart from Hallam Foe), though I haven't really experienced the heroin-side of the city. Great place to have a meal if you've got a bit o' money to spare.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's Day on the recommendationof a friend and we were both very impressed with everything about theplace. I had seafood risotto and it was yummy. My bf had lamb stuffedwith apricot followed by berry crumble which he really enjoyed.  Therestaurant wasn't too crowded and we weren't at all rushed even thoughit was a busy night. The staff were all very friendly and the food wasreasonably priced. I will definitely come back here!
4	So the waiter at the Outsider suggests we try The Apartment and gives us the card with the address.  A couple of nights later there we were at this sister establishment.  Again the look is trendy but it is much less crowded than the Outsider.  Outside of us there are no tourists.The slow night meant the waiter really gave us the view of the various choices and also had time to talk football with my son.My son had the duck breast; I chose the saltwater bream.  Both came with various vegetables prepared just so and beautifully displayed on the plate.  Again we thought Inkill & Gunn was the perfect beverage.  For dessert we split a chocolate pave, a super chocolatey flour less cake.  As they say in the UK, it was brilliant.Who tricked Americans into thinking that Scots only eat haggis, neeps and tatties? Perhaps some clever Scot wanted to keep the tourists out of the excellent restaurants of Edinburgh.     The Apartment and its sister The Outsider are excellent and good value for the quality of the food, the service and  the ambience.
5	Absolutely delicious food! I had the mussels to start followed by courgette squewers... Cool ambiance and the staff were very nice and attentive.
4	I had such a great meal at The Outsider so naturally I had to try out its sister restaurant The Apartment. Sure enough, The Apartment lives up to the hype. Really great Modern European food in an upscale yet casual bistro environment. Unlike the insanely busy The Outsider, The slightly off-beat location of the Apartment results in a quieter and more relaxing environment. On a recent Sunday night The Apartment was busy but not crowded.As for the food---do get the bread, even though it's extra it's well worth it. I had the lamb for my main which came with sweet potato mash. I also elected to get a side order of the spinach and green beans, which was simply perfect. My friend ordered one of CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) which while not as artistically pleasing, was absolutely massive and quite tasty apparently. Be forewarned the menu is overlaps quite a bit with the Outsider, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
4	First time back at this restaurant in ten years (I used to live here back then).I am very impressed with how it's grow strong.  Didn't think of it at the time... but ordered pretty much the same dish as I did back in 2001 - monkfish skewers with beetroot coleslaw.  A thousand times improvement tasted.Guys well done and keep up the good work.Nice decor and friendly service too.
3	The Apartment Bistro in Bruntsfield has always held warm memories for us and I have been  many times and have never had a bad time or bad meal within its trendy walls. I was therefore rather surprised, but pleased to get a table at The Apartment last minute on Friday night.Our experience revealed why, as sadly, despite a good meal (the food is great, although the new funky seasonal menu is gone and the beetroot coleslaw has returned) The Apartment seems to have lost its soul - there was no atmosphere, the place was half empty, there was no buzz. I don't know what has happened; maybe in training the staff better they have broken its heart, or maybe dressing the place up as mutton they have driven their customers away. Whatever it is I hope they can settle on what the place is soon, it is my local restaurant and I want it back!
3	When we were seated the server asked if we'd like bread and olives.  Sure, why not?  The reason to not say yes is because it shows up on your bill unannounced and over priced for the quality.  The food was ok.  The building's modern design is fun but cold.  The wine list was good, and the risotto balls are recommended.
4	As yelper Charles notes,  the Apartment and the Outsider have the same owners.  Also the same format of a daily set menu and great wine list but the Apartment is much more relaxed. An airy modern interior with interesting large artwork. It is in a beautiful little neighbourhood near The Meadows - a large park in Central Eburgh with frequented by strollers, dog walkers, and even a free golf pitch and putt. (For North Americans who have never seen such a thing, it's a section of the park, dedicated to golf practice, but the distances are too short for long drives, you have to shag your own balls, and avoid beaning passersby and avoid getting beaned yourself.)Returning to the Apartment, I enjoyed a wonderful roast lamb - rare and tender, with root vegetables and garlic roasted fingerling potatoes. As an appetizer, the bread and mixed olives were so good, there was no need to look further.Full from dinner, there was no room for dessert, but I did sneak in one tiny, perfect single malt from the newly discovered (by me) Springbank Distillery in Camptelltown in southern Kintyre.
4	This is my go-to when I cant get a reservation in some of my favourite places or just want to know I'll get a good steak and some good wine.  Similar menu to the outsider but with a bit more choice this is still a great eatery.  You can't really go wrong with their food and the wine list is good.  Staff are a bit distracted sometimes and their relaxedness actually detracts from the experience rather than creating the casual dining experience they were going for. Sort of makes it a bit more stressy than it needs to be. Still a firm favourite.
4	We had a very nice meal.  I highly recommend the white fish.  The service was nice... we stayed a bit late drinking and had a good desert and they didn't give us any problems.  Excellent service and very good food for the value.  Great atmosphere for us Americans too haha :)
