4	Morningside is, I think, a slightly more mature version of Bruntsfield.  It attracts a crowd that's a wee bit older, is a wee bit less hip, and has things like bakeries and pubs instead of cafes and bars.  Like Bruntsfield, it's a fab place to work next to as it's great for a bit of posh food shopping, and has some cute furniture/nick nack stores which are good for a poke-about.  Another absolute plus is that it's possible to uncover some absolute finds in the local posh charity shops.
3	What to say about Morningside......hmm... Theres not much to it. It not as busy or swank as further down the road like in Bruntsfield or off of Lothian rd. But its a nice area. Its got some bakeries and pubs, cafes, thrift shops and the such . I really like the giant organic like supermarket there . Over all Morningside is nice and I always enjoy strolling through it.
4	I kind of wish every day was like this day.  There was no castle, not historical location to exploit for a handful of photos.  I ate out for lunch, but it was a small bistro, and supper was made by yours truly.  The morning was spent drifting down both lanes of Morningside--kind of a permanent fair in Edinburgh.  Shops are barely larger than a lorry van (yesss, I said lorry van), and none of them--and I mean none of them--are franchises.I speak of Morningside.  You know, Morningside.  Morningside, Edinburgh.  No, not Morningside Place.  Morningside Park?  Are you not paying attention?  Morningside Road--a huge stretch, miles long, of small shops.  Cafes.  Restaurants.  Flower shops.  Lots of hairdressers for some reason.  Craft stores.  Art stores.  You could walk for hours and stop a hundred times...alas, you can only eat so many times, so I had to be choosy, taking photos of potential restaurants along the way.  Intermixed are churches, schools, and parks.  As you might have expected, being November in Scotland, it didn't rain...like I said often, rain occurs in those moments when I don't look in order to keep the landscape moist.  I bought an umbrella but never opened it.  Although eventually I would have to end my journey at a grocery store, I did need to slot in a lunch.  There were too many choices.  Chinese, Mexican, Indian, Nepalese, Japanese, Pub Fo--what...Nepalese?  Sold.  NOTE:  Yes, I understand that there MUST be at least one or two franchises on Morningside, but I was so distracted, I couldn't find them.
