1	Beware!  I took my 7 yr old golden there 3 TIMES stating that my golden was achey and had a stiff neck...keep in mind that this is a dog who has accummulated many, many medals from numerous 1/2 marthons and has never had so much as a limp.  All 3 TIMES Dr. Howard never took a blood test!  After the 3rd visit, I was called home as my dog had 8 cluster seizures!  What from?  Valley Fever!   Half of ALL dogs in the valley will come down with Valley Fever and MOST vets, I have taked to since, would have checkd for this before anythiing else as the symptoms are so blatant.If Howard had done a blood test and found the valley fever at the one of the first two vists, John could've been prescribed the proper meds and avoided the seizures NOT to mentoon the THOUSANDS of dollars spent at the Veterinary Neurologice Center of Phoenix (thank God for Dr. Knowles).Grayhawk never returned any of my calls, my dog went thru pure hell and the vet bills have cost us thousands!  And why?  We just heard that Dr. Howard wasn't "on  his game" as he was going thru a divorce.Way to go Dr. Howard..you should've relegated John to another vet if you "weren't on your game"!
1	Understaffed in reception area, and the woman that was working up front was not helpful. Took me multiple calls to get directions (even though I was out front....office is tucked into corner of shopping center and had delivery truck out in front....) I couldn't even get simple directions and then they verbally blamed me once I did arrive for late appointment).The place seemed clean and I can't speak negative of the Dr. But, until they get a functional front office staff, good luck to them. I wouldn't go back and would not refer anybody to them. An unhelpful and rude reception is not the way to treat customers.
5	We love Dr. Howard and his staff. I make the half hour drove up here because we trust him to do what's best but not at unnecessary expense. Reagan has a level of comfort with him than I've not witnessed with any other veterinarians. As an added bonus they have a groomer so I can get her nails clipped at the same time. Totally worth the $12 to avoid that stress for both of us. Leave it to the experts, and let your dog blame someone else!
