5	Fast friendly service. Ordered and programmed my mini van's keyfob quickly. Highly recommend their services.
5	Our new office needed to be re-keyed. It's a ten year old building with many interior doors. Acme's service rep was punctual and had the work completed as promised. Very reasonable cost and excellent service. We will definitely use Acme Locksmith in the future.
5	I called around looking for good pricing on someone to reprogram a keyless entry and these guys quoted me a great price and were very friendly on the phone.  I came in and there was no wait time, the staff was knowledgeable and professional  and it was all very affordable!I'll definitely be returning here for any other key needs I have.
5	Had great service and reasonable price.  Mike did my work and is good.  He arrived when he said and had a complete mobile shop to meet my lock needs.  He fixed an antique lock with a hard to find part and worked on about 4 other locks with great results
5	Had a lock which would not turn. Took it in and in 10 minutes was on my way. Great service thank you
1	ACME LOCKSMITH REALLY GETS "ZERO" STARSApparently from what I'm reading, Acme is the "go to" guys for the simple stuff like replacing keys - not the big stuff that they proclaim on their website to be the best at  like a safe in need of servicing. .....  I contacted this company thru a Rosie on the House recommendation to replace the lock on my safe. I gave the info on the size of the safe and the type of lock that needed replacing. A tech came out to have a look and didn't bring a lock with him... wasted day #1.  He said he'd be out on Monday around noon. When he didn't arrive, my husband called and the service said that we weren't on the schedule....wasted day #2.  When the tech came out a few days later, the lock he brought with him was inferior and did not fit and didn't really  want to modify it ..... wasted day #3.How hard is it to bring a Sgt Greenleaf lock to the house and install it? I've replaced this lock before without any problems. As of this post, it's been over a week and we  have not heard from Acme  and quite frankly, after wasting my time on 3 different days.....  I don't want to.****UPDATE*****:12/27: Thank you for "quick" response after 5 weeks. The quality of the lock being replaced was hardly poor or inferior. Again, the 1st visit - he didn't bring a lock. The 2nd visit - well there wasn't one, because he didn't show up. The 3rd visit, he brought a lock that he wanted to "modify" and "shave down" to fit... the lock you brought was of poor quality, sir ... not the lock that was being replaced.
