2	I only live two blocks from Local Bar & Kitchen, so I'd been eagerly monitoring the progress of its construction throughout fall and winter. When the bar finally opened for St. Patrick's Day weekend, I enjoyed some cocktails on the superb rooftop deck. I had not properly dined there, however, until this past Friday evening.I arrived with two friends around 7pm and was immediately greeted by the sickly sweet smell of vomit. That was almost enough to turn us away, but since we were immediately seated at a prime table overlooking Carson Street, we decided to stick it out.In spite of the early hour, club-style music was blaring and we were forced to shout to hear one another. Thankfully the restaurant boasts a decent selection of beers on tap. (Stella Artois is suprisingly elusive in the 'burgh.) However, when the beer arrived my friend's glass was literally covered in lipstick marks. Strike two!We ordered food which arrived quickly considering the packed space. The menu boasts that its salads are "made with the freshest locally grown Anthony's Original Produce." Unfortunately, my Speedy Southwest Salad tasted anything but fresh. The lettuce was limp, the tomatoes were mushy, and the grilled chicken, which I chose to add, was rubbery and burnt. My companions' burgers, although large, didn't taste much better.It's truly a shame that the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the space and utensils was so poor, because, in spite of the noisy soundtrack, the atmosphere of Local is pretty great. It's a mix of rustic and industrial chic, with wide plank wood floors, large iron gears bolted to the walls, and exposed beams and funky metal light fixtures on the ceiling. Assuming the vomit smell can be got under control, it's not a bad place for an after work cocktail or late night libation.  Once the weather is consistently warm, patrons can avoid indoor smells altogether and enjoy the fantastic view from the restaurant's best asset, its rooftop deck.
4	This place really does it right. They have a small but focused menu, and the food is pretty basic: burgers, wings, pizza, and a few sides. But you can tell that they do everything from scratch and the quality is outstanding. I dare say the burger is better than Fatheads right down the street (also a great burger). Highly recommended!
4	I didn't eat here but we stopped in for a drink on a tuesday night. Service was good and quick and the beer selection was amazing. There were to many choices so it was hard to make up my mind. I like the openness of the place with the open front and deck upstairs.
2	I love when a new bar comes to town because you never know exactly what you're going to get. Even as it prepares to open you only can imagine what clientele could be entering what may be your future new hang out.I've given Local 2 stars only because I haven't eaten there yet so I cannot judge it on it's kitchen. I love the look of the bar/restaurant and the roof top deck (if you could move when you're up there).But to keep this simple, the bar is douche bag city. If that's your kind of people then have at it. If you enjoy the bro's and ho's bar mentality then I think you'll like it. It really wasn't what I expected for this place. I really cannot blame the management, or can I? Could it have been marketed differently? Maybe, but I can only talk about what I saw and I can say I won't be seeing it again.
3	It's all about who has the best patio/deck these days.  The funny thing is that around here you've got about 3 good months of use.  Unless you want to drink your beer in a parka in November (or maybe even May depending on the year!).  I can't complain though, because it's fab to be able to sit outside and enjoy the warmth while we can!So let's take away the deck and the big open windows out front.  What do you have?  A restaurant/bar with decent bar food.  It's beyond me why I go to these places and order something other than a burger, pizza or wings.  I think I "try" to be healthy, but it never ends up being the good choice.  What ends up happening is I eat my companions meal.  I'm glad I have such good friends!  I ordered the Soba Tuna Salad.  The noodle part was good, but as expected, I could tell the tuna wasn't the best quality and it was kinda pink but mostly cooked.  Tuna needs to be really pink and slightly seared for me to enjoy it.  So while my meal was blah, my friend ordered the Steak and Ranch Pizza.  She was smart and made the right choice!  I love a doughy crust and lots of garlic.  It had both and was also topped with tons of onions and FRIES!  One "individual" pizza is definitely enough to share between two people.  I was also a little disappointed with the draft list.  Well...not really a list...but three choices.  Lame.  But they had an incredible selection of local beers as well as beers from all around the state.  I tried a beer from Meadville, PA called Wynona's Big Brown Ale.  Anyone remember that Primus song?  Totally weird.  But great beer!  I know people have commented on the late night environment being a little sketch.  Which I can totally see, being that this place is on the South Side.  But I'd hop on in if I'm down there some night.  You may not find me there in the winter though, that deck holds the golden ticket in the summer months!
2	I was really excited to check Local out. Atmosphere great, food/service not so much. Went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. Server could not have been more disinterested in doing her job - first gave my date tonic water instead of sprite and twice almost dropped food on us. I got the pretzel appetizer with 3 diff. sauces and it was very good. My date got a chicken sandwich which had 3 of the piddliest chicken strips I've ever seen. I had a salad - greens were fresh but overall nothing exciting. I love the interior and the porch, but the service and food are def. not worth it. Will stick to going there for a drink and not to eat.
3	So after a Happy Hour at Nakama my friend and I decided to head over to Local for some (a lot) adult beverages on the patio. We found a nice ledge to post up on. We chatted, people watched, and continued to drink. I ended up running into a lot of old friends which was a lot of fun! I don't know to credit the bar for the good time I had because I was in great company. The place can be a little douchey but what bar isn't these days. I don't let a couple ed hardy tees ruin my time. I saw a fair share of eye candy as well.  The scene was a bit diverse though(I got hit on by a bunch of 60 year old business men). Creepers transcend all generations. My Happy Hour ended up turning into a 2am night!
4	killer nachos and drinks with a terrific ambience.  Love the rooftop. This is a place you could stay all day
4	While this place really isn't my scene, I have imbibed there on more than one occasion so it would appear that I like it. Their beer selection isn't massive but it is encompassing of many styles, and I like that they have an assortment of local brews. The thing that will bring me back time and time again is their nachos - the waitress told us they were her favorite, and she was absolutely spot on. That cheese sauce is like melted dreams, demanding a happy satisfaction from every tortilla chip dunk.. Plus the amount of nachos is pretty impressive as well - we had our fill, then invited the crowd of people around us (girl in crutches, here is your shout-out) to take some as well. Mmm, beer and nachos...
3	Came here during a Sunday fun-day afternoon, and was really pleased with everything. We sat right at a front window, so had a nice breeze and a lovely people-watching location. We tried to go to the rooftop, which is awesome, but there was not a soul up there.This was my second time here, and the first time I glanced at a menu and thought it was sparse, so they must have added a bunch of new items.Our server was super sweet and helpful, recommended a brew for the bf and sangria for me, which was a huge goblet of yum. They have some great vegetarian/vegan options on the menu and they all sounded really good. I wasn't very hungry, and snacked on the hummus, which was garlicky but good. My bf ordered a mediterranean-style 'za, and he siad it was very good. I'll be back here again!
3	Local is generally on my rotation in the Southside.  I think it's moreso because it's the current "new" spot, and I like to see the talent that Pittsburgh has to offer.  If the crowd sucks, I likely wouldn't come back.I've been here for: lunch, dinner, & late night.  Food review:  I love the concept.  If I were going to open a restaurant (someday, hopefully) I would open a place similar to Local.  The sandwiches I've had were really good, but seriously, if you're going to use giant bread/buns, the middle (meat, veggie, etc) between the bread probably shouldn't fit entirely on 1/3 of sandwich.  Fill the bitch up, or use smaller bread...it's like a short guy buying Magnums...you're not fooling anyone.  Beer review:  How do you have such a weak tap selection when you have a very solid bottle selection?  I don't get it.  Get better draft beers.Night life:  On an attractiveness scale, the clientele is better than average.  Not mind-blowing, but hey, it's Pittsburgh.  As others have said, it can get a bit douchey.  Also, when I'm drinking at night, I like some mood lighting.  But upstairs, I feel like I'm under a spotlight...wayyyy too bright.  Turn down the lights, I'd rather be surprised at 2am that disappointed at midnight.  I do like the big-ass fan upstairs though.  Downstairs, I like the open windows...I wish more places had this "feel."  Hopefully they go uphill & not downhill...I will be back.
3	I was all set to love this place because of the great concept.  The food was very good and reasonably priced.  But the music was way too loud, it was difficult to have a good conversation.I enjoyed sitting on the patio deck, and the huge ceiling fan was fun.  I just wish there was some place to sit and talk without the loud music.  Local Bar and Kitchen tries very hard to be trendy and the people watching is fun, just not sure it's a good fit for me.
3	I've been here a couple times on blurry nights in the Southside. Local can get obscenely packed, way moreso than other Southside establishments, most likely due to it being relatively new. If you're lucky enough to be there on a night where it's jumping but not suffocatingly packed, Local can be a decent hang-out spot especially out on the patio in the summer.The crowd is the typical Southside bar crawl crowd but if you're looking for sophistication and cosmopolitan feel... why go to the Southside? Folks are friendly enough, the service is fast if you can get to the bar but the prices can be a little expensif esp. for shots.Still, I'd say I like Local for a night of drinking and swearing, if the weather's nice and the place isn't jam packed.
3	Ok.....I am past the college bar scene by  a few years so I can only talk about the Kitchen part of LOCAL.Went to Local with a friend on a Sunday evening.   It was full, but not crowded.  I was diapointed that we didn't get a seat in the cool, full open to the street front but, our table was good.   The early Sunday crowd was a mix of ages and background so we did NOT feel like we were creepers in a kid's bar.Uncommonly, I ordered linguini and meatballs.   Friend ordered chicken diablo.   Both  were geat and prepared as they should be.   The tomato basil suce was fantasitic.....tasted like tomatoes, basil garlic, and other good stuff!   Chicken was spicey but not crazy hot like some diablos.Sevice was quick and friendly.   Beer selection was a little limited, but I found something tasty.I can give this a cautionary recommendation.........I wouldn't go in if it is prime bar time and crowded.  Save it for another time.  (The same caution goes for FATHEADS too!)
4	Great place to drank and then eat (drank) away your hangover the next day. Whether going at night or during the day, the outdoor atmosphere helps you to forget that you're in such a horrible city. The hostess/waitress was obviously a hung over mess and could have used a tune up. BUT, she did pull through (probably by puking up her last night's marg in the toilet) and did remember our order. She was attentive, and brought our food quickly. The 21oz. goblet of bloodies are too die for - and six doll hairs! Can't wait to get my little claws on the Yinzerita. We were blown asunder by the bodacious, bountiful breakfasts. The omelets and banana stuffed francais toast are highly recommended. My only gripe is the soggy white bread served with the meal - whole grain, duh!  Definitely my new fav.
3	Stopped in a for a qu;ick bite on a Thursday evening.  Ate at the bar where the bartenders were very friendly and attentive.  Beer selection was decent, but they were out of the my 1st two choices (all of Pittsburgh appeared to be out of SA Octoberfest).  Ended up with a SA Pumpkin beer which came with a spiced rimmed glass, nice touch.  Food was decent, pulled pork sandwich with side of asparagus.  Sandwich was really good, but the asparagus were minature.Overall, appeared to be a solid spot and would go back next time in Pitt.
2	Been to Local Bar + Kitchen 3 times now and I would say I enjoyed my experience 1 out of the 3 times.  The service tries and is friendly, but for lunch it's tough to get out of there in under an hour.  On my second visit I tried to order a sandwich named after a hockey player that used to live close to the restaurant.  The player had just signed with another team and they told me that I couldn't have the sandwich because the player didn't play for the Penguins anymore.  At first I thought she was joking, but she was serious, and I couldn't get the sandwich.  I literally was grossed out by the smell of the Mojito Chicken sandwich that was served to me on my first visit.  On my final visit I ordered the Plane Jane Street pizza (standard cheese pizza, pretty hard to mess up), the crust was soggy, it was over garlic'ed, and there was some kind of sauce on the edge of my pizza that I had no idea what it was.  Luckily the sauce didn't have any flavor so it didn't impact the pizza.There are much better places on the South Side to eat, while Local tries to cater to the foodie crowd by offering locally grown product they just don't deliver with good tasting food.
2	Food is good and they try to purchase/carry local produce and items. What had a 2nd strike from me is the service! Very slow - cannot find server to get refills - when u r in a party of 5 or more  don't head there for lunch u will never make it under an hour. And good luck getting your order to you correctly!!! Just bad service over all but good is good and priced reasonable.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Local! My sister turned 30 this week, and being the sister I am, I knew that we had to do it up in style. Local came through like a champ for this!!I contacted Local about two months ago and asked about having a large group for dinner. Dana was amazing and so helpful. While most other places wanted to charge a fee upwards of $400 for a 2-3 hour party, Local simply asked that we make reservations and pre-select a menu. Dana offered us a big table in the newly enclosed deck upstairs (and included construction updates in a few of the emails we exchanged!) They gave us plenty of time to make the menu choices, let us bring our own cake, cupcakes, provided dishes for  dessert,  and even took the cake and cupcakes in the back, lit the candles, and brought it out from the kitchen for us. Earlier this week, my sister's roommate asked if we could order champagne for the table. I gave her Dana's contact info and we had an answer within a few hours, that yes, she could have that all set up. When we got to the restaurant last night, everything was set up and ready to go. The staff all knew that we were there for a birthday party and made a big deal for the birthday girl. Since we had already ordered, we had a little time to hang out and chat while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. The food was absolutely delicious. Some of the favorites from the table were the steak and chips (I think 5 of us ordered this, and it was melt in your mouth (literally) delicious!!), the aloha chicken, and the shrimp diablo.The waitstaff who took care of us was amazing. Shannon and Matt were so friendly and fun! They offered to take pictures for us, took care of the cake, and were ever vigilant when drinks were running low. They even took the extra time to make sure that paying the check wasn't a hugely complicated process. This is the first time that I've been to a restaurant in a group this size and not have any mistakes on the bill. If you ever need a great place for a group/party/special night, go LOCAL!!
3	Cool southside spot. Food was good, great beer selection, atmosphere was a trendy pub, but they really need to turn on the heat. I was so cold at lunchtime I couldn't enjoy my meal.  Luckily I had a Groupon and didn't pay full price.  Might be a better spot to drink or go during the summer.
5	This place rocks and Erin is the best bartender in Pittsburgh!!!
5	This place rocks and Erin is the best bartender in Pittsburgh!!!
3	Food is good, cheap.  Normal bar drinks, typical Pittsburgh bar
3	The bar atmosphere is nice. But can we turn down the music a little!? You can't even have a conversation there without screaming.The rooftop is pretty cool in the summer.  The music isn't that loud up there and you can enjoy the weather.  That is where I usually go.  But the roof doesn't have a good view or anything. lolI was really pleased with the food. Good quality and presentation. Try the margarita pizza (ask to make it RED not white, as it is on the menu)! Prices are reasonable too.
3	I had read Munch's review of Local Bar + Kitchen in the Post-Gazette.  He seemed indifferent to it, didn't hate the food but had some issues with the whole lack of "local" which I totally understand.  So when a Groupon became available I figured I'd take a chance.I often wonder if places like this read critics reviews.  In the case of Local Bar + Kitchen, it seems they did read what Munch had to say and did make some adjustments.  He wondered where exactly the pierogies made in McKees Rocks were from; the menu now clearly states that they are from Pierogies Plus.  Another one of Munch's criticisms was the lack of local brews; I can now say that they offer selections from both East End and Penn Brewery.  I went ahead and ordered up the pierogies as my appetizer and Big Steve's Meatloaf sandwich as my entree.  The sandwich was very tasty.  I really liked the spicy Heinz glaze.  The pierogies were amazing, of course, but when you start with perfection and add butter, you can't really mess that up.  My service was okay, however it did seem to take awhile for someone to initially take my drink order and then when my pierogie appetizer came out my sandwich followed about 30 seconds later.  When all was said and done, though, my drink was not included in my final bill.  I wasn't sure if it was an oversight or my waitress being nice, but either way I left a nice tip.One random note: the bathrooms were very clean.  At least the women's room, anyway.  Local Bar + Kitchen is a place I might try again, but it's not the best place to just go for food.  And not all the food is actually "local."  The bar was hopping, though, and it stayed busy.  My suggestion would simply be to omit the word "kitchen" from the name of the establishment.  If it was only called "Local Bar" people would see the name as describing the place, not their offerings - leading to less confusion and disappointment in diners.
5	I have been eaten at Local since they opened, they had some of the typical start up issues many restaurants have but the have improved steadily since the opening.The interior decor is very regional and interesting, the staff is friendly and competent, a casual and relaxing atmosphere all around.The food uses a lot of local ingredients (hence the name) and while all the offers are good some are amazing, a stuffed pepper sandwich comes to mind.Add to all this the very cool upper deck, and a windowed front that opens and gives you the experience of dining on Carson without people having to push past you on the sidewalks.I recommend Local to locals and tourists to South Side alike.
2	I'd only give it one if I didn't frequent here so often because of the large operable windows that make the place great to hang out and have a few beers one a nice afternoon or evening.  If your only going for a lite beer on a nice evening, you can't go anywhere better.Most of the bar staff is super, except for the one rude waitress that laughed when I asked for a Harp on St. Patrick's Day last year. "I'm not going to order a case of Harp that nobody will drink and go bad!"  Last time I checked a lot of people enjoy Harp and all Guinness products especially on St. Patrick's day.It took awhile, but the place finally has a decent beer selection (not great).  I would only suggest ordering beer here because the the wine selection is terrible and the mixed drinks are the worst on the Southside.  My guess is the ownership monitors the bartender's pours because they are always too weak.  And by weak I mean you may as well just order a tonic water instead of an G&T because all you're going to get is tonic water.  Recently they started wine night Wednesdays where you get 1/2 price bottles of wine.  When I was there recently on one of these nights I asked for a wine list, which they didn't have, so I asked for a bottle of Pinot Noir.  The wine was not corked or anything, but it was so bad tasting that I couldn't even finish half a glass.The food isn't all that bad, but isn't anything special.  My only advice is to avoid the fish sandwich...it made me sick one time
3	Good sandwiches, OK drinks, and acceptable other options as well.  During spring and fall, the rooftop deck is a fun place at night and relaxing for lunch.  One considerable advantage is that the portion sizes have never left me hungry (at least from the limited items I've sampled).  It's a well-rounded bar.  I'd probably give it 3.5 stars if I could.
1	I've been to LB+K 3 times now and can officially say I probably won't go back.  The first two times were at night and it was just your average over-crowded South Side bar.  The large open windows downstairs and the deck upstairs are great features and give any bar/restaurant great potential.  Unfortunately this great atmosphere cannot make up for LB+K's terrible service and mediocre food.My friends and I went here for afternoon drinks on a Friday and sat upstairs on the deck as it was lovely outside.  We were literally the only people on the deck at first and our server still seemed completely overwhelmed or hungover - something was off.  My friend tried to order an IPA, but every one on the menu was out or not available for some odd reason.  (Not that our server knew this - he had to go try to get this beer and come back about 3 times to inform her the beer was not available.)  Finally our server suggested a beer for her, and she got it 30 minutes later, sans any apologies for the tardiness.  We ordered the pretzel appetizer and nachos.  The pretzels were obviously just defrosted soft pretzels, but the queso and honey mustard were pretty good.  The nachos took about 40 minutes to come out, after our server and a manager informed us "they were on their way"... no idea what took them so long.  When the nachos finally arrived, they were missing cheese so our server had to take them back to add that... they ended up being average nachos.  Our server then messed up our next drink order and brought out an extra beer.  We said we didn't want it, but he informed us just to keep it and he'd take it off anyways.  (Clearly they were just going to dump it out anyways - we may as well drink it.) When our bill finally came, the drink was on it and our server claimed he couldn't take it off.  (We've all served in restaurants before and know this is not the case.)  There was also never any apologies for the slow service/lack of beers.  In the end, we left LB+K feeling robbed and disappointed for a place with so much potential.  I can only say that I'm glad we tried this place so I know to avoid it in the future.
4	Let the Party Begin!    We showed up on a Friday Evening - the weather is warmer so the windows were open.I guess I am the Yelp Outlier here - I really had fun so hopefully they are reading the fellow yelper comments.We ordered some food while we were getting our drink on.  I had Steve's Meatloaf Sandwich - it was pretty good.What made this place fun was the fact it was packed, fun drinks, and a fun group.We ordered one of their Margarita / Corona drinks (take a frozen berry or traditional Margarita and stick a full bottle of Corona a big fishbowl glass).    Our team (this became a sporting event) really enjoyed these drinks on top of the shots we ordered.They had a more crowded section upstairs that I do not think I would have enjoyed as much - big screen tv, with poor ventilation + lots of people would have been very uncomfortable.Our team ventured on down the street later.   If you are looking for a fun time on a Friday Night - this should be one of your spots to visit - but there are others on the street.Service - Great - the waitstaff was attentive and we had no problems getting our drinks (the place was packed)Price - Not bad / not the cheapest - my beers were $3-6, the crazy drinks I think were around $10Atmosphere - March Madness, Friday Night, Great Seats (in the window), fun conversation = a good timeI would recommend.
4	I had heard that Local was not the kind of place I'd want to be on the weekends or late at night (rumors of frat boys, dbags everywhere), so I was sure to go on a week day for dinner.  At this time, the dining area was not busy and we had no wait to sit, although there were several other diners there.  Unfortunately the weather was crappy that day so no patio experience for us. The interior of Local is pretty nice looking.  I loved their menus (nerd) and seating arrangements.  Our service was quick and very friendly.  I was inspired to order the Amazing Yoga Asparagus Salad with Salmon since it was named for my fave studio right across the street!  It was a filling salad with delicious grilled asparagus, other veggies and a bunch of goat cheese.  The salmon was cooked very nicely and I was impressed with the quality of the fish.  The best part of the salad, though, was the horsey vinaigrette.  Yum!  My husband got the cheeseburger with bacon (of course) and said it was "good".  So probably an average burger here.Our waitress did make a mistake on our bill (charged for an extra beer that we ordered but they actually didn't have on tap), but when we brought it to her attention she was really apologetic and fixed it quickly and gave us both coupons for our next visit.  A little thing like that can really make a difference in your experience!I was pleased with my meal at Local.  The service was good, the food was creative and tasty, and the atmosphere was nice (early on a weekday at least).
3	Checked out Local on a beautiful Sunday evening and the primary reason for going here was b/c of their patio.  I was really surprised to see it so crowded, there weren't any open tables upstairs so my friends and I ended up standing, which wasn't a big deal b/c we had been sitting for a while previously.  We didn't eat food, but the drinks were good.  The crowd seemed a bit young, but perhaps with the end of the school year, college students are trying to enjoy their summers.     While it was great to be outside, I'm not sure the crowd suited me.
5	Service at local was excellent and friendly. The eggs Benedict was amazing and had a nice take with the asparagus and potato pancake addition. Excellent home fries with red peppers and onion. Would definitely recommend and go again.
4	I've gotta update my review based on the fact that the food has gotten MUCH better! So much so that I crave the salmon asparagus salad with delicious horsy dressing all the time now! I could walk out with a vat of that stuff and be a very happy girl!The salmon is fresh and cooked perfectly, or should I say seared to rare perfection. The lettuce is nice and crisp and the asparagus is grilled and flavorful. It's a winning choice. I also tried their hummus, which is served with warm pita bread. It had a really distinct lemon flavor that I loved. I was surprised how much I liked it!I'm also impressed at their draft list now. With almost 26 beers on tap you really can't go wrong. If you're  like me and love a nice cold beer outta the tap instead of a bottle youll love the selection (yay for Great Lakes on tap!). If you're worried about the way the place turns at night I urge you to stop in during the day or for dinner and check it out. I really think you'll be surprised. Oh, and the rooftop patio is still awesome!
2	The most impressive part about this location is the set up and decorating. The decor includes props from the steel era in Pittsburgh, and a nice stone and wood interior.  The interior of the bar and restaurant are opened to the outdoor air on nice days. Unfortunately, my experience didn't match the ambiance.The service here is one of two stories. Our first bartender only acknowledged us when we first arrived. We ordered a beer and a vodka cranberry, which we received with our first order. The well drink had a weak pour. After that, we were not acknowledged for the next 20 minutes. The next bartender Wendel, was fantastic, stopping by frequently to check on what we needed as customers. In general, it seemed like most of the service staff distracted one another by holding side conversations and horseplay. Considering the place wasn't busy during our stop here, we were disappointed by the initial lack of service.One of the shining inventions at this bar is the "Yinzerita." A margarita with a beer of your choice poured inside. The beer doesn't add anything special to the flavor of the margarita. However, it is an extremely novel drinking concoction. As a part of visiting here, everyone should have one.We also ordered a "Plain Jane" pizza while we were here. We got the larger of the two pizzas they offered and it is the size of a regular bar pie you would find at most restaurants. The pizza had a thin crust, bitter sauce, and regular cheeses. It took around 40 minutes to deliver the order. Based on the size of the pie, it should have taken a lot less. Overall, I was disappointed in the delivery and taste of the pie.
5	Local is a good South Side spot. I have been here a couple times at different times of the day. They have good, solid typical bar appetizers but the key thing is definitely the brunch. My GF had the banana stuffed french toast and I think it changed my life it was so good. I went ahead and ordered their breakfast burrito that was made vegetarian sans the bacon. It was divine. Their breakfast potatoes are KILLER. Furthermore, they now are offering $14 bottomless mimosas. I am not a big South Side guy, but golly, if you're down there at weekend brunch time. Do it to it. Also, upstairs rooftop seating FTW.
4	I was introduced to Local by a friend who has since moved to California. :( We met for lunch on a nice, sunny day and as it was late afternoon the place was pretty empty. We shared a margherita pizza and I must say they have hands down the BEST margherita in the city. The crust is perfect, it's thin with a great mix of cheese, tomatoes and basil. Too many of the places I visit tend to sprinkle what looks like 5 pieces of basil across a large pizza. Not Local.My only complaint is that it always takes forever to get a pizza. I've been here a handful of times, and it's the same every time - 40 minutes to an hour. Kind of ridiculous, really. First time I took my boyfriend, raving about their pizza, we ended up waiting close to an hour and a half because our first pizza was burned. Fortunately, we were in good moods and our bartender was mixing excellent drinks. It also helped that the manager came out himself to apologize, took our pizza off the bill, AND upgraded it to an entree size (we originally ordered the smaller one). AND my boyfriend ended up loving the pizza and we were back the next weekend. :DI like going and just hanging out at the tables or at the end of the bar nearest the windows, even when it's not nice out. I love fresh air and, of course, South Side has excellent people watching. I hear this place gets hopping at night, but I wouldn't know as I haven't been out to South Side at night.
5	Awesome place! Service was a little slow but we went when it was packed so I can't complain. Definitely recommend going.
2	I'm not sure what the big deal is...  My friends and I went based on the recommendation of others and general talk about town on the 4th of July.  It was too hot to cook out.  The menu isn't very expansive.I had the boneless wings with spicy thai sauce or something.  They were not spicy, nor thai, and were cooked way too hard.  My friend ordered a salad that was pretty decent and big so I ate half of it.There was good music playing in the background and since I loooove to shake it, that was a positive.I probably will only go back if someone I know is DYING to go there.  If you are hungry and thirsty and in the Southside, I guess this is one place you could go.  There are PLENTY of better places though.  Still not sure what the big deal is???
4	We came here for happy hour and to get a bite to eat after work on a Monday and it was the perfect atmosphere to de-stress! It wasn't packed, they were playing good music, we got a table by the window so it felt like we were sitting outside and the best part? $3 drafts! The food was good but pretty typical so nothing to rave about but I def enjoyed the ambiance and drinks. Our waitress told us that on Mondays it is $3 drafts and Wednesdays it is like a buy one get one wine night. I dunno. Anyway, I'll totally be back.
5	I love the beer selection, perogies of the week and really enjoy the deck during summer.
3	Local Bar has everything going for it.  It has a prime location on the South Side, it's clean, it offers a variety of indoor / outdoor seating options, the food is tasty and the staff is friendly.  All that said, I am completely ambivalent about the place.  I don't know what it is.  Perhaps it's the $9 appetizers and the fact you can't even get a simple salad for under $8 or maybe it's something else like the atrocious South Side parking situation.  I don't know really.  Hm.I'm definitely willing to give it another try, but considering the numerous other dining options on the South Side, this is getting put back towards the bottom of the rotation.
3	Excellent food.  Terrible service.  Borderline abysmal service even.  They weren't even busy, it just appeared that the bartender had more important things to do, like talk to patrons and staff, and text on her phone.  I'll go back, but only because the food was good.
3	Been back a number of times since my first review, and the service has really improved! Great Happy Hour special, too - $3.75 drafts, inc. a wide variety of great craft beers. Shout-out to Al, very attentive server even when busy. Still loving the porch, great spot to enjoy the 'burgh.
3	I've been to Local several times, most recently this evening with two friends. We sat upstairs on the large rooftop deck, where we all enjoyed the basic Local burger. Myself and one guest ordered regular fries, the other chose sweet potato fries with the burger. I previously had their sweet potato fries, but didn't find them as delicious as other restaurants serve. That said, I won't order them again.Although the waitress was quite friendly, she certainly didn't win points for promptness. It took almost 10 minutes from drink order to drinks on the table. Wasn't sure what was going on in that department.Overall, a good restaurant with safe-bet, tasty bar food options that will appeal to almost anyone (although the restaurant mostly draws in the 21-35 m/f crowd).
4	I finally visited Local for the first time last night for a work happy hour. I absolutely love the decor -- I think it's very warm and inviting and reflective of its Pittsburgh location.The happy hour was held on the rooftop deck, which is now covered and has heaters for the wintertime. I was concerned that I was not dressed very warmly for the cooler space, but the temperature was still warm enough for me. So don't be afraid to eat or drink up there during the winter months!I was really impressed by the service. Within the first 10 minutes of walking in, I had three different employees come up to me offering to get me and my friends drinks. Even when the room became packed, I was still checked on several times over the hour or two that I was there. However, their beer selection seemed a bit limited... I asked for both Sam Adams Oktoberfest and Yuengling, and was told that they did not have either. (I actually now question this because their online menu says that they should have Yuengling.)They had long tables filled with pizzas, chips, dips, etc. for the happy hour. Sadly, the room was so packed that I didn't even check out all the food since people were blocking some of the tables. I just tried their cheese pizza and chips with queso. The cheese pizza was cold, which was somewhat understandable considering the temperature of the space was pretty cool. However, the chips and queso were very good, and the queso was still a warm temperature. Even though I've had very limited exposure to the food, it was good enough that I would like to come back and try more!
5	One of my favorite rooftops in Pittsburgh! Great spot for a bit party and the staff there knows how to take care of a crowd. It's become one of my favorite haunts.
5	Local Bar is one of the best bars on East Carson Street!!Just bought a condo on the south-side so I visit Local pretty often! This place has great food. (BEST WINGS IN THE CITY) Great brunch and fantastic drinks!If you ever go make sure you get the server named JOE!! He's absolutely the best. His Customer Service skills and friendliness make him stand out among the other servers. PS. If you love CIDER!! This is the place to go!
4	The food at Local is SUPER awesome, and was a very fun experience.  Just be ready to battle the South Side crowd... :)
3	Local is a new Southside favorite  by a lot but not me.  It is ok but gets wayyyy to busy on the weekend. Good luck getting a drink.  The food is pretty good but not excellent.
3	The service upstairs was HORRIBLE on my first visit and then decent on my second (but only because I had such low standards after my first experience). The food is pretty good and the outdoor patio upstairs is awesome, however, being that there are a fair amount of options for outdoor seating in the area, I'm not sure the patio itself can make up for the lack of service.I should note that service downstairs is usually pretty good, so depending on whether you prioritize sun or service, you may have a better experience.
5	My review is based only on takeout food that I have tried.  I have been to Local before and had a pleasant experience but I want to talk about the PIZZA!  I love pizza but lately I have become tired and bored with my options on the South Side but that has definitely changed.  Yesterday, at the recommendation of CJ (the chef at Local) we tried the Margherita pizza.  It was the best pizza I have had in a very very long time and quite possibly ever.  The crust was thin and wood fired to perfection.  There was the perfect amount of cheese so I didnt feel overwhelmed with a gloopy mess.  But the best part was the homemade white sauce.  It was full of flavors of roasted garlic and olive oil.  The pizza was topped with fresh tomatoes, basil and custom added red onion.  I cannot wait to have it again.  If you are a pizza lover like me you have to head to Local because you dont know what you are missing!
4	One time is all it takes to know you been somewhere great. Local is no exception. The name comes from the fact that the majority of items they serve are procured from local vendors (farms, breweries, ect). That's no gimmick though as they won't let you down on quality, taste, and unique surprises. I say unique surprises because their menu is loaded with uncommon, foodie friendly dishes. I've never been crazy impressed with places serving pierogi until here. And when you read over the dessert menu and find cheesecake stuffed pierogi don't run, but give in; you'll be glad you did 'cause they are BOMB! The hummus is a winner as well as the burgers and flat bread pizzas. Yes, all with an uncommon offering of toppings and style. They also have a great selection of drinks on tap. While I didn't take the opportunity to visit upstairs, read the other reviews and see that the rooftop deck is pretty sweet. I'll be going back to have my own experience there.
4	Great service, strong knowledge of the 40+ craft brews on tap. Music slightly overbearing and trending toward trance/house at times for a bar that feels like it should be kings of Leon, etc.
4	Went here two nights in a row. The food was pretty good, the servers are nice, and the drinks are awesome. I had the passion fruit mojito and two different margaritas and I recommend both. I'd definitely suggest sitting upstairs on the rooftop deck.The brunch is also awesome and I highly recommend the pepper vodka for the bloody mary bar.
3	this place is a little more laid back than some of the "clubs" on the south side, in my opinion. it gets just as busy at night, but it's a little hipper. i went here for a drink and appetizer the other day. we got the red pepper hummus and it was delicious. the service was good and the price was alright. what i really liked was the atmosphere, kind of steam punk hipster, with a large open window right in front.
5	Love love love local! It is a great spot to hang out with friends and have a few drinks. The bartenders are knowledgable and very friendly. The food has gotten much better within the past couple months so I would consider that when reading other reviews. Although the prices have gone up, they still seem to be around the same price as competing bars. The atmosphere is great and has an open feel. Smoking is outside only which is a plus for southside.The only thing that i would recommend is to call in advance for a table on Wine Night (Wednesdays). They never use to take reservations but now it seems as if they do and it's hard to get a table.
2	Do NOT go here for brunch on Sunday.  It was an uncoordinated disaster.  They messed up our reservation and really had a bad attitude about their mistake.  We asked the bartender for a beer list and he pointed at the chalkboard without speaking and walked away.  Our waitress told us she just woke up and didn't have it together yet.  She was right, she was unprepared to come to work and it showed.  The brunch food was adequate at best.The beer selection was great, so that's why it's 2 stars and not 1.  I would consider going back for dinner when they might have their A team working.
4	Love love love the diesel fries!! I get them every time I go! Their burgers were mehhhh they needed seasoning, weren't that great. Wings are good But we go there often for drinks. One time I went I had a peach ring, Sooooo good! I think Chris was the one who made it but I haven't seen him since  maybe it was just a dream lol anyhow it's a def must try when on the south side.
3	The menu here is good, especially compared to your typical bar. The boneless wings are my go-to and they are everything I could dream of and more. I go with honey BBQ sauce and it hits the spot every time. They also do a good job of taking traditional bar foods like pizza, burgers, and sandwiches and giving them a unique twist. It gets kind of loud in here so don't plan to go here for dinner if you want to have any kind of real conversations. When I was here in the winter, it was super cold inside their dining area. They had a fireplace heater, but it didn't help much.The summer is nice because they have a great patio. I think local is a great addition to the Southside and helps balance out all the shady dive bars on East Carson. Not so great if you want a place just for dinner, but if you want some good drinks too, it's definitely a keeper.
3	This review is just for Local's food.  Generally, I think Local's food is pretty decent.  As far as lunch and dinner go, I have usually only ordered salads.  I recently (and often) have the salmon salad, which is great with the additions of asparagus and roasted red peppers.  The horseradish dressing is really delicious.This past weekend I went there for brunch.  It had been awhile since I had been there for brunch, and it was a pretty reasonable experience.  I had a southwestern omelette which was accompanied with "brunch potatoes" and toast (though I eschewed the toast).  My friend and I both ordered the "bottomless mimosas" for $14.  The last time I went to Local for brunch I didn't find the "bottomless mimosas" to be very good, but this time they definitely had stepped up their game.  Our waitress was very diligent in refilling our glasses, as well.The southwestern omelette was very tasty and done well.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and all the interior ingredients were cooked well, too.  It was a good brunch/breakfast meal.  I'd recommend it to friends.The only reasons I'm not giving Local more stars is because I think the food is good but not spectacular, and I always feel like it's kind of dirty in there.  I get that it's a bar, but it seems kind of dirty in there sometimes.  For meals it doesn't get too crazy-crowded though.  Generally it's a good place to go out for food and drinks.
3	I met a friend her for pre dinner drinks, and I really wasn't very impressed. The decor is cool and modern, and perhaps it would have been different had I come for a meal and sat in the dining area.We decided to sit upstairs in rooftop bar area, and because it was chilly, there wasn't much of a view. Also, they serve drinks in plastic cups up there (which I'm assuming is what they generally do), and I wasn't a fan.I think I will come back for food next time and sit in the dining rooms. The drinks were good, and the atmosphere seems cool, so I will have to give it another try.
3	Usually come for drink specials and artichoke dip. It gets beyond busy on the weekend so I never go then. I like it in the summer mainly because if the windows in the front that open up.
4	Local, we finally went in. It was a Friday night and a little busy. I ordered the burger with cheese on buttered brioche. It was a pretty decent burger and good size as well. I ordered a salad to go with my burger. I was surprised at how fresh the salad was, and the tomatoes were nice and ripe. I had the white lightning beer, it was really good. I could not order a wine, they only offered cheap wine by the glass. I did not know that they had rooftop seating until I looked at the website, I will definitely go in this summer and sit up on the rooftop and have a beer and split a burger with my husband. The burger we had was way too much food for me. The server was very attentive but she was also very forgetful, Michelle said be nice but... She forgot our waters, she brought my husband a 16 ounce beer instead of a 25 ounce beer, she offered me balsamic dressing and brought me ranch, she forgot the mayo for my burger, she charged my husband for two 25 ounce beers when he only had the 16 ounce beers, she kind of argued about the price on the bill but then took care of it. She just needs to take a look at the table and pay attention to details and she will be a better server. When my son comes to visit in the summer we will go in and sit on the rooftop and have a beer.
4	Love this place!  It has a great beer list and when it is nice out (like it was yesterday when I was there) they even open the floor length windows on Carson St. I had a really yummy flatbread pizza - great size and came to the table piping hot.  My friends had wings which they enjoyed.  This is a great place to go before heading across the street to the eccentric and cool Rex Theatre or when shopping the fun and independent shops of Southside.  Also a great place to stay for the night with TVs on sports everywhere in the bar/restaurant.  Upstairs is a open air roof deck, which is fun on nice nights.
4	Sorry, Burgatory, my vote for best burger in the Burgh goes to Local. I am never disappointed with the burgers here. They are juicy and delicious. The service is always great and this has become one of my favorite South Side spots. Now the down side - it can get very crowded and loud on evenings and weekends, like many Southside places, if that's your scene, it's great, if it's not - then going during the week is probably the best bet for a quieter dining experience.
4	My sister and  I met up for dinner here, I was so fixated on finding a place my picky little sis would eat that I forgot to take into account rush hour traffic and finding  place in the South Side to park.Once KJ got there, we ordered warm nachos with a balsamic reduction, blue cheese crumbles and scallions. I knew I would love the dish and to my surprise, so did my sister. For entrees, KJ ordered the Philly served on a pretzel bun and I opted for the roasted red pepper panini, both sandwiches came on fresh, chewy bread that held their contents well.I came during the week around 6pm so it wasn't that busy inside, but I can definitely see it getting packed on the weekends and late night
3	Best thing about this place is how it opens up and you can sit along the edge of the restaurant and feel like you're outside. As for the food, it was OK, nothing to write home about. I had a flatbread which again, was slightly bland, but was still cheese on bread so I couldn't be that disappointed!If you like wine, go on a Wednesday, there's half-price wine all night and you get a free bottle if you make a reservation. I found this place to be just generally underwhelming. I didn't have a bad experience or bad time at all, it just didn't make much of an impression.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars for the overall experience. If I just want to rank it from a pub/bar perspective, it can get 4. and for food ... 1 or 2!The ambiance is good and specially the upstairs deck is nice in the summer. Our waitress made a mistake with our food but she was very nice and changed it as fast as she could.The food ... SALTY! even after we asked them to go easy on salt we basically couldn't eat the fries. For appetizer also we got a flatbread that was extremely salty.all in all, eat somewhere else and go here for drinks.
4	The draw of local is the location and wonderful open windows in the summer. If you can get a seat near one, it's a great place to drink and people watch. The food is pretty good - standard bar food. The upstairs deck is great - TVs and decent specials during happy hour (seems like domestics are half off and that's about it). Yinz-a-Rita's are great :)
3	We came in for lunch on a Saturday around noon. We found out they were serving a brunch menu. I was hoping for a full menu since it was our first time here. The brunch menu was small. I ordered a burger. It came with choice of regular fries, sweet potato fries or breakfast potatoes. I chose the regular fries. My husband ordered the nachos. My burger was cooked perfect but it came without any condiments. My fries were room temperature-borderline cold.  My husbands nachos were good. They had hot sausage mixed in. He liked it but I was not a fan. The restaurant has a very urban feel. My husband and I were definitely representing the senior crowd. We're not 50 yet,but we were the oldest here by 25 years. Thankfully we are young at heart and willing to try new places. We will definitely come back to give it a second chance when a full menu is being served.
4	I went here for dinner for a friends birthday. We sat upstairs at the rooftop bar. The ambiance was really awesome. It's small, but luckily for us it wasn't crowded. I ordered their special, crab stuffed portobello for an appetizer and bruschetta flatbread for the main course. The portobello was a little disappointing. The portion was small and it was $12, so we expected it to be much bigger. The flatbread, however was delicious. It was one of the best flatbread pizzas I've ever had. I will definitely keep this place in mind for dinner more often.
5	This place rocks!  From the atmosphere, to the service, to the food, everything about this place rocks!I enjoyed everything about this place.  There are probably a lot of factors as to why I enjoyed it so much, so we should get to them.1.  The timing: maybe the time that we showed up here had a factor in this.  I showed up in the afternoon, guess you could call it lunner or dunch.  You know that time between lunch and dinner that no one really seems to care to go to a restaurant, but should.  No wait time at the hostess desk, no wait when we sat down, no wait...like at all.2.  The seating: you have the option to sit either indoors or semi-outdoors.  When I say semi-outdoors I mean they have the ability to open up the front of the place so it is basically a sidewalk cafe at that point.  Also they have rooftop seating as well that has this canopy mesh type of covering.  We chose that option and were quite happy with the warm breeze that blew through while we ate.3.  The drinks: I have to say that a yinzerita sounds good just about any day.  And when you have the option to use any bottled beer they have on their list to make yours, that makes it even better.4.  The fried pickles: honestly, some of THEE best I have ever had.  Pairing it with their dipping sauce that they make in house was correct.  I liked it so much that I actually asked if I could take some of it home.  There were hints of cayenne and chili powder.  Spicy, but not too spicy.5.  The side options: I implore you to take advantage of the sweet potato fries.  To say they are delicious is an understatement.  Fresh cut and topped with a touch of salt and some cinnamon.  That was quite the mixture of salty and sweet.  6.  The burger: I chose the Mexican War Street.  An interesting blend to put on a burger.  I love when you mix a little Mexican into a traditional American burger.  Guacamole and pico de gallo on top of one of the biggest burgers I have had was also correct.  Mix in some pepper jack cheese to complete a Pittsburgh themed masterpiece.  The flavors mixed together so well that there is no need to ever ask for any type of condiments.  7.  The service: I have to say this is the cherry on top of this experience.  Everyone is just so friendly.  As it wasn't rushed or crowded in here, we were able to get a chance to chat with our server.  She was quite hilarious and knowledgeable about all the items on the menu.
3	I went to Local for Brunch. Overall the food was just OK; I wasn't overly impressed by it, but it wasn't bad... Nothing to call home about. HOWEVER, the Bloody Mary bar was a BIG win and will keep me coming back! The build-your-own bar was only $8 for unlimited toppings, and had an impressive amount of choices. If you are a bloody mary drinker, DONT pass this brunch up!
4	I've been to this place twice and enjoyed myself both times for brunch. The first time I had french toast and potatoes, which were really delicious. And then of course we had bottomless mimosas and they were fabulous.The second time was more recent and I had bananas foster. It was SO GOOD. I wish they put a little more banana on top, but I still loved it all the same. Both times the place was crowded and we ate upstairs. The mimosas were great again and we had a nice waitress who didn't take forever and ever with our orders and checks. I would definitely come back.
1	Great beer selection   Cute servers. Food sucks   Oh well u can't have it all i  guess
2	I went here on a Monday night. Now if they are going for the failing restaurant vibe, they have it on lock.  There were so few diners that the staff easily out numbered customers about 2:1.  The food was also not great. I tried my sandwich and asked for it to go, to be polite. I threw it away.
