5	Most people just lump Indian food into one group and think it represents the entire subcontinent as a whole.Folks, it's a subcontinent. Like Europe or South America, just as there are huge regional differences in the cuisine of even smaller countries like France or Italy, there are just as wide and divergent diffrences in food from Kashmiri, Rajasthani, Goan, Punjabi, Bengali, Assamese, Keralese, Tamil, Pakistani, Lahori, Nepalese, Tibetan, Sri Lankan, Bhutanese, Old Delhi, Karachi, Marathi, and Baluchi areas reflecting the history, ethnicity and geography of these places and peoples. Perhaps restauranteurs from these countries are also partially to blame for not offering the richness of their cuisine on a wider scale when instead they just dumb down and offer the "generic" Indian restaurant menu, but I digress.786 Halal Restaurant is located at 768 Jean Talon West. No, the owners and sign makers weren't dyslexic. 786 is the numerological value for the opening verses of the Koran. And Halal obviously means they serve only Halal meat here, meat which has been properly (ahem) killed, blessed and prepared, much like kosher meat in the Jewish tradition. They do not serve alcohol here since it's an establishment that likes to keep it close to it's Islamic roots, as evidenced by the donation box by the cash register for the local mosque as well as the family tables set aside near the front. Hindus are vegetarians but Muslims eat meat, so vegetarians, beware, go to Pushap instead. 786 Halal does have a pretty large vegetable menu so no worries if you do find yourself here with omnivorous  friends.Simply put, the food here is amazing!No wonder they opened a second franchise in Toronto which apparently has line-ups around the block. Lahori food is known for it's marinated, spiced up grilled meats. (think of it as BBQ Pakistani style) and the specialty here is definitely the Lahori Deep Fried fish and BBQ Chicken. Come here on a Friday (The Islamic holy day of the week) and you can order the Haleem, a mish mash of meat, lentils and wheat which is like a thick stew.The desserts are alright, not the best, but passable. The one dessert I do recommend is the Gajar ka halwa, which is a carrot pudding, sounds strange, but trust me, it's great!I came here for lunch today and it was a packed house, so I ordered to go and went to a local park and enjoyed lunch out in the sun, but I'm definitely coming back when it's quieter.
5	Love the food here..although some other friends believe the price is quite overpriced compared to other desi locals. But most definitely the place has the best kheer in town! Highly Reccomended
5	Great Indian/Pakistani food .Very tasteful and you get to choose from a variety of options .Their Tandoori Checkin is amazing .Very reasonable price . Actually very cheap compared to downtown .One of if not the best Indian restaurant in Montreal
5	Awesome food, wow!
5	Great Indian and Pakistani food. I always make a point to go there and try the chicken biryani, butter chicken, chicken tikka boneless, chicken fried rice, shrimp fried rice, tandoori chicken.... Etc..... It's all delicious. But there is no parking nearby. It's always difficult to find a decent parking spot. Other then that the food is great.
1	I had not gone here in at least 5 years,I remember the only decent thing being Lahori Fish.I also remember the waiter the last time telling us the Butter Chicken was not good and to go to an Indian restaurant if we wanted that.I went with 2 Pakistani friends, a little apprehensive since I've lived over 25 years and Parc Extension and I know Greek and South Asian spots here like the back of my hand.My friend assured me it was great the last time he went, so off we went.This used to be a Greek restaurant a while back and they kept the nautical decor, What bugs me every time is we are not allowed near the window, it's practically segregated for families only (ie. women and children) and man stay closer to the kitchen.The food was just bland and not fresh, every dish disappointed, the chicken karahi was full of bones and the sauce separated from the oil (re-heated).The lamb byriani was also underwhelming with the meat chunks dry and chewy.A lentil dish was practically untouched, the naan with raita was quite good.The waiter just shrugged  when we told him the best thing was the bread.About 50 bucks for 3 dishes and 6 naan's (we were starving and it was the only good thing). The prices are a bit higher than elsewhere (they are hidden away on the second floor, there for many years so their rent must be cheaper).
5	delicious and fresh food
4	Great Lamb Karahi !!! It is one of their signature dish. Their naan is also very soft and delicious. I keep coming back for the lamb karahi and Seek kebab. Great & friendly service as well.
4	fantastic and authentic!
4	Pretty decent food. I'd say the food is 3 stars, but the best thing about this place is that they deliver, and their delivery person takes cards. They take quite awhile to deliver but we know this and plan accordingly.So the fourth star is for delivering painlessly. I find their food to be a bit hit or miss, we had a great chickpea dish, delicious rice, pretty good naan, yummy lamb jalfrizi and a meh lentil dish that will sit in our fridge for now.But again, we love delivery from them. Always super pleasant.
