5	OMG amazingworth every single pennyyou are paying an experienceLoved all the color selection and the Asian feeling.
5	Ok-this is as good as it gets!  I am a certified spa junkie and have been to some of the best.  There is only 1 other spa that is in the same league as The Spa at Encore and that is the Spa at The Mandarin Oriental in NY.  The decor is pure over the top luxury!  Everything is oversized from the reception area, to the multiple locker rooms (actually divided into 3 boutique sized rooms for an intimate feeling), to the tranquility room that you can easily take a nap in.  Loved the steam room (nice and HOT) and dry sauna, but my favorite area is the wet area complete with 4 pools (cold plunge, warm, hot jacuzzi, and even hotter jacuzzi).  Both jacuzzis are as big as a pool you would have in your backyard and have little nooks/cubbies that embrace your body perfectly and you can lean back to be enveloped by the jets!  There are stone lounge chairs that are in the shape to hug your body and are covered in beautiful mosaic tiles.  The best part is that these chairs are heated and vibrate subtly for the ultimate in relaxation.  Couple that with the sound of the jacuzzi and  showers and you are in spa heaven!  Next the showers in this wet area:  There are 4 or 5 individual showers here and 2 of them have waterfall shower heads where the water literally pours out for a great water massage with the press of a button.  The other 2 or 3 showers are these amazing Kohler rain shower experiences complete with rain head on the ceiling and a multitude of jets on either side of the walls.  There is also a light and a digital display where you can change the water temperature, light color, music, and water pressure!  The showers in the locker area are equally nice and each  shower is sort of in it's own room for privacy.  Once my therapist retrieved me from the tranquility room, he took me into the treatment room area.  I was transported to Southeast Asia!  This area was huge with a long corridor flanked by larger than life Buddah statues and was just breathtaking!  I signed up for The Good Luck Ritual with Eric and this was one hell of a massage!  First the treatment room:  I had the choice of music selection and lighting color!  The table was heated and outfitted in cozy linens.  The treatment was a 50 minute full body massage followed by a moisturizing face treatment, scalp massage with wild lime oil, and exfoliating hand and foot treatment w/massage for a total of 80 minutes.  Eric was awesome and easily was one of the best massage therapists I've ever had.  He was intuitive and got right into my knots leaving me refreshed and renewed. The ultimate and while expensive, totally worth it- I was a new person!
4	came here for convenience reason(and i love massages, of course!). Had an 80 min deep tissue massage. the strength was good, but what i didnt like was the use of thumbs on my shoulders. ocassional was ok, but not throughout. i have chronic back ache and to release my pain requires more than just putting pressure on a small portion of my back. the therapist might have many years of experience, but definitely lacked the skills to be an excellent therapist. had a b wax thereafter. therapist was the most skillful i'd ever had because the pain was so minimal that i was still feeling sleepy from the massage. she sure is experienced!decor was extremelyyyyyyyy nice. really extremely. service was 5* too. too bad didn't had the chance to try out its amenities.
5	Hands down, an amazing spa experience!  The decor is beautiful and Mr. Wynn has an impeccable eye for detail.  The best way I can describe it is spiritual.The staff is really what made this experience amazing.  They were attentive, but not obnoxious.  They made sure I had everything I needed and that I was comfortable and relaxed.  I highly recommend it!
5	So, here's the deal. I don't know anything about spas. My wonderful friend Kristin (who is a spa connoisseur) insisted that I join her for a day at the spa during our recent stay at the Encore. I figured, "eh, it's only $30 and we're at one of the most beautiful hotels I've ever seen. What the heck?" What a fantastic decision that turned out to be! I'll admit that I'm easily impressed ("oh boy, recent issues of Cosmo AND Vanity Fair for my reading pleasure?!") but seriously, this place was great. Here's what I enjoyed during my...uhhh...5 hours at the spa:- very nice staff, including a receptionist/host who gave me a tour of the facilities - the infamous silky, yet still plush, Encore bath robe - 2 hot tubs of varying temperatures, seating WITHIN the tubs- 2 cool pool / dipping baths- waterfall showers!- a 12-showerhead shower- heated marble-mosaic lounge chairs (omg omg omg)- steam room- awesome sauna- all the cucumber- or orange-infused ice water I could drink, a fine selection of teas, and some sort of gently-spiced mixed nut snack. (Like I said, easily impressed).- "Tranquility Lounge" with luxe chaise lounges- unreal decor - drapes made of Swarovski crystal, large stone planters/vases, beautiful colors/fabrics/textures all over the placeI have never felt so relaxed and fresh as I did that day! And I can't believe it was only $30 - I think that even included access to the fitness center, but I was too busy enjoying the jacuzzis to do anything related to exercise. It was an experience I'll never forget and hopefully will have another opportunity to visit in the future!
4	This place was awesome, although I can only give it 4 stars because they ended up charging my credit card twice and it was a little of a pain to get in contact with A.R. since they are only open 9-2. Service was awesome and I ended up just hanging out here after my message just to use all the services available. If I'm ever back in Vegas and have a couple extra dollars, I would probably try to make it a whole day trip next time.
5	The most beautiful spa I have ever seen! They offer tea and bottled water. Lots of lockers and private showers. There is a whirlpool, steam room and sauna. They have this separate section for you to do your hair and your makeup afterwards. I got the aromatherapy massage and it was sooo good. My back pain is gone! The spa provides comfy robes and slippers that were hideous lol. Everything was great cept for the steam room. It was broken and I didn't get a chance to use it =( Extremely pricey for the services but well worth it.
4	I'll admit it. I'm a total spa whore. I'm lucky enough to have visited spas around the world, and this one ranks up there. We were staying at the Wynn but I when I called to make an appointment, asked a lot of questions about the spas at both properties and I'm so glad I did. This spa is wonderful and huge without being cold. The decor is beautiful and inviting. The attendants were nice but not in your face. The robes were a little lacking. I prefer the plush ones with terry cloth inside and these were very thin cotton. I always show up at least an hour ahead to enjoy all the amenities and really get my money's worth, especially in a high price joint. Here, they had two really nice Jacuzzis that could fit about 20 people each - one at 103 degrees and another at 104. They had a cool dip and a cold dip as well as a really relaxing waterfall shower. What I found very cool were the heated stone chaise lounges. Very luxurious and I've never seen those before. On a Saturday at 10 a.m., I only saw three other ladies in that whole area. As for a treatment, I went for the basic massage. I think the basic is to a spa what chips and salsa is to a Mexican restaurant - kind of a benchmark. This one didn't disappoint. The therapist was methodical, professional and focused on the areas I asked. Plus, she didn't talk to me. And, the walkway to the treatment area was a sight in itself. Very zen with Buddha statues, rock gardens and trickling fountains. Overall, a wonderful experience and I recommend getting there early to experience it all.
5	Loved loved loved the Spa at Encore! First off, I liked how quick and convenient it was to get to the Spa from the guestrooms.  The guestrooms elevators take you directly to the Spa level. After checking in, there is a huge lounge area to wait to be walked into the spa. The spa provides you comfy and not super thick robes and comfy slippers. There are plenty of amenities, including two large whirlpools, two cold plunge pools, waterfall showers, a sauna and steam room. The showers all have private changing areas, which was nice. There are plenty of hair products, lotion, hair dryers, curling irons, etc. in the nice vanity areas. The locker areas are spacious. I loved how the entire spa is very spacious and not crowded at all. The ambiance is definitely relaxing and the decor is gorgeous as is the rest of the Encore. There is plenty of bottled water, tea, and fruit in the spa. The treatment room I was in was relaxing and the massage bed was perfectly soft and warm. My swedish massage was awesome... probably one of the best I've had! I can't wait to go back to my new favorite spa in Vegas!
5	Orgasmic!!!!I really didnt want to leave this place. Im a complete spa junkie and I think this is definately one of the best Ive ever been at. The halway leading into the small and every other place is beautiful. The colors are so peaceful. I love that they ahve smaller sections of lockers, great robes and slippers to prepare for the day. Two huge jacuzzis, 2 cold plunges that werent very cold but great after the jacuzzi. Many hto stone chairs that will knock you hot. Most amazing things were the waterfall showers. A bit high tech, took awhile to figure out how to work it but it was awesome! Many different settings. Sauna wasnt working at that moment and steam room was nice. LADIES TAKE NOTE: The male masseuses here are GORGEOUS!!!! When i was waiting to be called in for mine, many hot men came out to get their next clients and I wasy like" Man dont be mine, I wont be able to concentrate"- with the look on the other ladies faces they thought the same darn thing!!!Nope, i was lucky too, I got DJ. AHHHHH what a hottie! Ok, honestly then I thought I wasnt going to get a good massage. WRONG again! The most amazing massage!! You can tell he has had formal training as he knows what he is doing. I was so pleased with the tea, fruit, apricots adn nuts that were served. Again, cant wait to go back!! Beautiful!
5	Very good massage. Very good spa. GORGEOUS decor. This place is amazing. The only thing it's missing is Qua's cold room, but the place is so pretty I can forgive that.
5	Best spa in Vegas.Opulent, beautiful decor, amazing services... really, you just can't go wrong with it.Cannot wait to go back in a few weeks! Worth every penny.
5	The most tranqual, beautiful, and relaxing experience. With any spa streamtent you get access to the workout facility which is more than worth the seperate fee alone (25-30 per day). Every time we stay at encore which is every time we are in Vegas we spend at least a few hours a day at the spa and workout center. Always the highlight of our trip! Oh and the staff is amazing and the decor is the stunning!
5	Wow, this is some spa.  The facilities are expansive, super clean, roomy and elegant.  I paid $30 for a day pass, which was a good deal.  The only negatives were lack of a coed room and very limited snacks.
5	Perfect.  The best $200 I have ever spent on an aromatherapy massage. Done by a world class therapist named, Jodi!  The decor is like being in a plush, extravagant dream.  I love you, Encore spa.
5	Ridiculous. I guess Mr. Wynn has no idea what a budget is because this spa is 'Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous'First, I tried out the Fitness Center. Free headphones, water, and towels are provided. The treadmills/ellipticals are fully equipped with their own TV and ipod dock. It was the first gym that I went to that had artwork on the wall. After working out a sweat, it was time to shower at the swankiest locker room ever. The lockers are electronically locked and the actual room of the lockers looked like a hotel lobby with those circle couches. The showers are private individual shower suites with an area to dry off and the actual shower (which are identical to the ones in the hotel rooms)The steam room was too hot, the dry sauna was nice because of all the natural wood that lined the walls and benches, and the hot tub and heated lounge chairs were great. I had to fast forward through all that stuff so i can talk about the waterfall experience showers. All I gotta say is that there's a digital screen to control the water temperature, the 6 shower heads, and the freaking mood lighting. It's worth the $30 entrance fee alone.Even though I got the Good Luck Ritual, which was very relaxing btw, I did not win back my money at the tables/slots later. One thing that they were greatly lacking were basic toiletries like face wash. But it's okay because everything else kinna overshadows that.
5	I love spas!  And this one is right up here at the top.  I had a facial with Theresa.  Her touch and voice were lovely.  She is from England and I just adore that accent. I am very hard to please being that I am an esthetician myself.  Always get the 80 min!My massage was such a pleasant surprise.  When I booked it they told me there were no men that could be my therapist. But Eric is who picked me up.  I was very happy to receive my first hot stone massage in a purple colored room.  I just love the color purple. His hands were amazing.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas to see them both.
5	Same story as the sister facility at Wynn: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-at-wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:PDsxTepKc2Dkk2AEng9KEgRi-dic-ulous.
5	Perfection.A 80 minute massage and some down time in a steam room after a night of drinking? Dont mind if I do.My boyfriend treated me to a massage here when we were in Vegas. They were very flexible with appointment times when he booked. We had to change appointments twice to accomodate plans with friends. Unlike the Burke Williams I visited at home, everyone was happy walking around all butt naked. Finally, my people! It's not like I enjoy walking around nude, but Im glad that when I go to a European spa, people actually treat it like one. Sometimes when there are too many people in bathing suits, it makes us nudists feel weird(or just me, who knows?)Anyways, the steam room itself was heaven. I was probably in there for a good 30 minutes just sweating out every last bit of alcohol and bad decisions made the night before. After that, I just lounged around on the heated stone chaise lounges until my appointment.The massage was amazing. I wish I could remember my massuese's name, perhaps it was Johnathan? Who knows. He was attentive to my needs, paying attention to pressure and making sure not to bother me with chit chat while I was trying to relax. When all was said and done and I stumbled back to my hotel room, I ended up falling asleep for 6 hours and sleeping right through our dinner reservation. Now thats relaxing!
5	Environment is key in any spa experience, and Encore has truly carved out its territory; As designed by Todd Avery Lenahan, the Spa at Encore is a gorgeous, elegant mid-Eastern meets Regency fantasy that would impress a Hollywood set designer. The arched, shimmering lobby begs you to linger, though the men's & women's lounges, locker rooms and pre-treatment relaxation rooms are also inviting, and even the corridor to the treatment rooms is a passage you'd love to be lost in (if it wasn't so well marked). Treatment rooms themselves are smartly designed, with full mirrors, heated tables, pretty showers. The bath area is a category-killer with multiple plunges and separate alcoves in the effervescent tub. Showers are so well done, they have features I'd never even thought about. I enjoyed the Good Luck Ritual, encorporating elements of feng shui and aromatherapy with a scalp treatment, mini facial, exfoliating full body, hand and foot massages (using lemon verbena, peppermint, botanicals)--so complete the $250 fee seems a relative value. If this doesn't revive you, nothing will.
5	I've added this spa as a 'must do' for any return trips to Las Vegas. Not only are the facilities immaculate, but the treatments are phenomenal. Expensive... but nearly worth every penny.Only critique (and its a very ver small one in relation to how amazing the facility is) is the steam room doesn't have aromatherapy.
3	Spent a few hours here to recover after a night of XS (pun intended). The facility is clean and they have everything you need (massage, hot tubs, cold plunges, sauna, steam). I spent most of my time in the sauna and steam room which were both nice. One negative was the wall of over-engineered computerized massage showers by Kohl. The showers had a complicated computer controlling all the heads and didn't work well, sadly I can imagine they spent a fortune putting these puppies in.An oasis likes this definitely helps cure Vegas fatigue, glad it was there but it could be even better.
5	The Spa at the Encore is the nicest and largest I've ever experienced.  It is very private and everyone is very professional.  The Spa includes a sauna and steam room, 2 hot tubs and 2 cooling pools along with many other amenities.I'm not sure which order you're supposed to experience things at a spa, but once I initially changed I had a few minutes to lounge on the the hot stone lounge chairs.  I could have fell asleep, but my treatment was only in a few minutes.  After my massage I went in the steam room, the sauna and then the hot tub.  After the hot tub I used the falling water shower which was great once I figured out the electronic controls.  After that I showered again and got dressed and went into the lounge to relax a bit more.The spa is huge and of course very clean.  It might be hard to go to another spa after this visit.
5	I just visited this spa early this week.  I was so impressed by it.  The people setting the reservations, the front desk help, attendant, and therapist were all wonderful and kind and very professional.  It wasn't cheap at all, so I guess they should be.  But regardless, it is a beautiful and relaxing place.  When you have a treatment done, you get to go for "free" that whole day (6 am - 8 pm), vs. a usual fee of $30/day, I think.  So, I went about an hour before my treatment and got in the waterfall and deluge showers (terrific!) and rested on the heated rock lounge chairs.  This was my favorite part.I had the organic body treatment (sugar scrub), which was fantastic, but went by way too quick at only 50 minutes.  After that I went back to the heated lounge chairs, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, etc.  They give you a nice robe, locker, and needed things to shower and get ready there.  I liked the dried fruit (pineapple), hot tea, nuts, etc. too.I even went back that afteroon to relax some more.  I could have stayed for days! I think they best decor/visual part of it was the long walkway with rocks and water features (and Buddhas?) leading to the treatment rooms.  Unfortunately, if you don't get a treatment done, you probably won't see this area.  I didn't realize how large it was!
5	The Spa at Encore Las Vegas is the best spa that I ever been to. It is now very hard to go back to other spa facilities that I used to go. Arriving at SPA floor, the first thing you would realize is the relaxing scent throughout the air. SPA lobby was so nicely decorated and calming. Locker rooms and shower rooms were exceptional luxurious and clean. I had Aroma Therapy Massage, the therapist was very skillful and courteous. The price was a bit high but it was totally worth it. Their whirlpool spa and hot stone lounge chairs was incredible. I could fall asleep on those chairs. Every time I'm in Vegas, I usually go back to Encore SPA. It's the best way to rejuvenate myself after all the busy activities in Vegas! And the SPA shop, they also have amazing products! BEST SPA in Las Vegas!
4	our group of girls walked in to use their spa.  the waiting area outside is a bit over the top with buddhas and chandeliers etc.  the lady then took us inside where we waited  again to get our slippers and for someone to take us inside to our lockers etc.  the spa, like any other spa, has everything - blowdryers, curling irons, hair spray, baby powder, deodorant.  you really dont need to bring anything if you dont want to.  they have two hot tubs and two cool tubs.  steam room.  sauna.  waterfall showers.  showers.  their steam room is super steamy!in the second waiting area they have tea and fruits.  bottled water everywhere.  they did run out of cold towels which was a bummer for going into the sauna.  and they never refilled them while i was there
5	Amazing.  This is truly an example of a beautiful, well-designed spa.  Walking into the treatment area is a visual delight; I asked if I could take a picture, it was so dazzling and uplifting.  Of course, this was not allowed as we were in the "treatment" area (although not looking directly into any of the treatment rooms).  The rest of the facilities have been described in plenty of detail by other Yelpers, but let me remind you of the waterfall shower...the only other place I've experienced this type of water pressure / water massage intensity has been at the hot springs resorts in Taiwan.I prefer deep and intense massage treatments from sports massage therapists, but the back-neck-and shoulders version I received at The Spa at Encore was very relaxing and just right for the occasion.  My masseuse was obviously well-trained.  Don't even hesitate, just plan on spending exquisite pampering time here before and/or after your treatment and book it!
4	I have turned into a metrosexual.  My wife says I enjoy the spa experience more than she does.   I have no problem parading my naked Asian body around natural lighting, cascading waters, and steamy saunas, until I fall limp on a lounger.As has been mentioned by many others, the spa here is luxurious.  The towels are plush, ample space in the steam room and sauna,  bottled waters galore, a gallery of toilets, a hushed waiting/sleeping area with good tea and delicious refreshments, before you are ushered through a non-descript door into a dazzling nirvana-like corridor of treatment rooms.  There are a few different showers, one of which is a cascading waterfall.  The jacuzzis have high pressure sprouts around your ankles, so you can massage your own calves.  Finally, there are the warm stone loungers, where you can read the newspapers or assorted magazines available, alit by natural lighting from a skylight.   There is so much attention to detail, down to the ripeness of the fruit, that I was quite taken aback.  The only reason why I didn't give a five star is completely subjective.  Although I loved the over the top luxury, I felt like I was a guest in someone else's place.   And, because there was no station to really scrub myself squeaky clean, as I like to do in my favorite Korean spas back in L.A., I felt refreshed and well-pampered, but not quite cleansed.  Nevertheless, a wonderful experience not to be missed at the Encore.
5	Excellent! I loved everything about The Spa at Encore. There is nothing wrong with it! Everything was perfectly laid out. You walk in and you feel like a princess in a castle. The decor is in great taste and pretty much suitable for anyone. They offer to give you a little tour when you arrive for your appointment (highly recommended if it's your first time!). I was like a little kid in a candy store. From the waiting area with magazines and herbal teas with tiny honey jars (I actually took some home since I'm so Asian :D), the high-tech lockers, to the Roman baths and waterfall showers, sauna, everything was just perfectly executed. I love how the therapy/massage rooms have a connecting shower area. After I had my body treatment, I was left alone to take a nice, long shower. The design of that shower area is so spacious and serene. There are roof windows with natural lighting and it made me feel even more relaxed after my treatment. I must say this is my favorite part of the experience.Can't comment on the massages.. since instead of that I got two 25-minute body/hands/feet treatments. Body treatments are pretty much the same everywhere, but they definitely make the experience very calming and enjoyable. For the people who might not want to spend $200+ for a massage/treatment and thinking you are just paying for 50 minutes (which I shamelessly admit I am one of those people), you are really paying the money to spend a whole day there. Honestly, if you utilize ALL the facilities they provide for you, you can spend at least 3 hours JUST using the facilities. I wouldn't mind taking a nap there either. ;)This place just changed my expectations on all spas. I must say I'm definitely spoiled after the experience... which means I just have to return there every time I go to Vegas!
5	The spa here is so freaking awesome. Though this was my first spa and massage experience, I think I've een super spoiled because no other spa will compare. I tried out the hot tub first (I didn't realize there was a warm tub... Man was it hot). Then I had a 55 minute massage from Valerie. I believe it was a mix of shiatsu, Swedish and accupressure. It was great! The atmosphere was delightful. The environment is so beautiful and serene... it almost borders on creepy. The amount they charge isn't obscene either. $150 for a 55minute massage and full access to the gym, sauna, showers, hot tubs, etc are all worth it. This is a definite must if you want to go to a spa.
5	Second best spa on the strip in my opinion.  Giving it second billing to Qua Baths at Caesar's only because of personal preference, but I could totally see how many people would rank it first.  It is literally the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.  Like a turkish palace as a spa.  The decor is simply outstanding and I've never seen anything like it at a spa.I went there last year and I don't remember my service, but if it was significantly worse or better than average I would remember so I'm sure I was satisfied.  I remember the really cool showers in the jacuzzi room with different lights, shower settings, etc.  They were a little difficult to figure out how to work but great once you did.  The heated ergonomic stone lounge chairs are great for sleeping.  Also the wall of hanging metal lanterns in that room had water dripping down them which made an amazing "pinging" metal noise all the time, which was really awesome (hard to explain, but take my word for it).  Jacuzzi room was on the small side with too much natural light for my taste, which is the only reason that Qua Baths has a leg up with me.Check out the juice bar on the other side of the lobby in the gym.  I had a great fruit smoothie that I took back into the lounge with me to relax.  Encore spa is beautiful, unique, and well appointed.  Top notch.
5	Wow. The spa here is like going to a totally different world, far away from the Vegas strip. I didn't have any treatments done here, but I did enjoy the "water circuit" including the whirlpool, waterfall shower, steam room, sauna, and heated stone lounge chairs. I could have sat and read in that chair all day long (and my husband would have loved it!).  They have cold compresses, cucumber slices, robes, towels, and water available. The environment is very tranquil and soothing. This would be hard to top!
5	The most fabulous spa ever...I spent three days in the spa relaxing in the jaxuzzi room with the heated stone lounge chairs...can you say perfection. And the natural light that shines through makes it even better...incredibly peaceful and just plain gorgeous!!!!!!!also if you have a chance to take the reformer pilates and/or yoga classes, by all measns do...the instructor is awsome
5	This place was amazingggg.  A super opulent experience with a lot of attention to detail.  We had really terrific massages and left feeling incredibly relaxed and pampered.
5	World class gym and spa. The gym is so nice that you don't want to work out!  You just want to head over to the spa and chill. One of the top setups that I have ever encountered. 2 thumbs up.
5	Full disclosure - I am the epitome of low-maintenance when it comes to beauty treatments.  I'm a Midwesterner, I get my hair cut at chains, use Suave shampoo, and never met drugstore eyeliner than I didn't like.  We don't so much do opulent self-care, here.  I had NEVER BEEN to a spa, and NEVER HAD a professional massage until our Las Vegas vacation stay at the Wynn/Encore.  So, yeah, I'm easily impressed, but, still...my SO and I received, as a gift, a 90-minute "couples massage" at the Spa at Encore, and the included full use of the spa amenities before and after.  Talk about a crash course in pampering.  My one regret is that the massage package was booked at the beginning of our trip, the afternoon after we flew in, and while it was awesome to have all the airline/airport kinks worked out, I might have opted to do it at the end of our trip as an awesome sendoff.  I felt like I undid all the effects with the following days of roaming around Vegas. That said, absolutely no complaints.  The staff was EXTREMELY nice to a spa newbie, explaining how things worked without being bitchy or condescending or patronizing, and we got a great pre-massage tour of the facilities, detailing all the amenities, which were many.  Beautiful decor, beyond relaxing atmosphere, and such a great variety of ways to get your chill on.  SO and I were taken off separately to the guys and girls' ends of the faciltiies to relax for about a half-hour (friend who made the appointment made sure to tell us to get there early to take advantage of all the amenities, which we'd not have known).  Lounging about on heated stone chaise longues, eating honeyed apricots and drinking tea, reading magazines was a great prelude to the massage itself.  Afterward, I stayed for another hour or so using the sauna, jacuzzi, and waterfall showers to my heart's content.  SO is NOT the posterchild for "guy who wants a massage."  He's rather a touch-me-not, actually, so while he politely accepted the gift, I had my doubts that he'd actually enjoy it, but he was easily won over, to my surprise.  Back home in the heartland, I don't have much hope of replicating the Encore spa-like experience, but oh, well.  Reason to go back.
2	Looks like no one else had my experience.. My mom walked out as miserable as I did, but the friend we took had a great experience. As far as massages go, I've had 2: one here, and one at the Hale Koa in Hawaii. My massage at the Hale Koa was in a whole different ball park- like the most amazing experience ever. All the Wynn has are the amazing facilities. You can spend the whole day in there if you like. My actual massage was TERRIBLE. I had a nice enough African American man, and he pinched my skin and left me feeling bruised. This is super unusual for me, as I like my massages rough. It felt like he wasn't massaging muscle, just pinching skin and fat. I'm not a fat person, I was your typical 22 year old, size 7.. so it's not like he couldn't get to my muscles.
5	Fan-freaking-tastic! (and that's the g-rated version!)This spa is luxurious from start to finish and while I'd love to give you a play by play of what was the best spa experience I have had in my entire life to date, I'll just say that if you were considering going there, just stop...go, and thank me later.My masseuse was amazing. Given that I am the queen wimp of deep tissue massage, I usually find my massage the opposite of relaxed. At Encore, it was tailored specifically to my wimpy request, and was the BEST massage I have ever had. I'm sure that if you wanted the knot removing, torture experience most people consider a massage, you would most definitely receive it here. For me, it was perfect. The spa is gorgeous! Ornate detailing, friendly, yet not over the top service, hot stone heated lounge chairs, huge hot tubs, and waterfall showers. Yes, the shower everyone dreams of having in their own home. I loved it, I miss it, and I'll go each and every time I visit Vegas. Yeah, it was that good.
2	Still beats being at work...This is a nice spa but....I felt like it was a bit on the small side for the size of the hotel (and the number of times I heard "Hi, I'm Steve Wynn"...let me get my rusty butter knife!)  The entry way to the spa builds you up but doesn't deliver.  A few of the things that stuck out for me where the sky lights over the hot tub, cool showers, heated chairs and swim suit dryer (so simple yet often forgotten and oh so important!)   It was very nice to be in the back room and have the external light coming in, while you rest in a hot tub or warm chair.  The assortment of choices in the shower was super nice but there was no shower caps (no shower cap = no need for a rain shower).Sadly, the thing that stands out the most was the swim suit dryer...I'm not sure why all spa's don't have this
5	This is the best spa I've ever been to. I received a wonderful pedicure while looking out the floor-to-ceiling windows onto the strip and mountains.  The man doing the pedicure was extremely courteous.  He offered me a variety of beverages -- for free -- but unfortunately they were out of champagne. :( I paid a little extra for the hot stone massage and it was totally worth it!I am a local and so I received a 20% discount.  My friends paid $40 just to use the spa.  I was able to use the spa without any additional charge because I paid for a service.We spent the next couple of hours switching from the sauna to the steam room to the cold tub to the hot tub to the hot lounging chairs.  It was incredibly relaxing and serene.  My only complaint is that the steam room was INTENSE -- extremely hot and pumping steam until I could not see!  My friend and I were afraid of staying in there alone.  We could only go in for a few minutes at a time but it was worth it because we felt amazing afterwards.  It helps to put the wet cucumber and facecloths on your face in order to breathe.  I don't know if this is typical or if it was just hotter on the day we went.I plan on making this spa the one I go to for all my pampering needs.
5	This is one of the most grandiose spas I've been to.  Upon entering, you will notice that each and every room is designed with such intricacy.  The high ceilings and details of the room shout luxury from every pore.  Outside (but still inside) in the ladies spa area, the large jacuzzis will send all of your muscles to a wonderful place.  The tile covered seating are warmed to a perfect temperature for you to stretch out and relax on.  After a warm or cold spa dip, you can enjoy rainfall showers.  Inside, there are a plethora of showers lockers vanities and areas to relax, drink tea, and eat nuts and dried/fresh fruit.  The massages are just out of this world too.  After 110 minutes of pure bliss, your body will thank you and recover from the previous night of LV battering.  The steam rooms are a little toooo steamy for my preference but you might be like me and appreciate the saunas a little more.  The salon is pristine and has a view as well, though mostly of unfinished buildings and new but old developments due to the downturn of 2009.  The manicure and pedicure treatments are equally fantastic and you'll leave feeling like a million bucks.  They offer OPI, Essex nail polishes and also the new manicures that last for 2 weeks chip free and take like 0 minutes to dry afterward.  It's definitely a quiet sanctuary for peaceful afternoons and relaxing rituals to celebrate... yourself.
5	I was at the Encore Spa last Tuesday and it was the best four hours I have had in a really long time.   I went about an hour and a half earlier so I could use the baths and showers.  They did not disappoint...my favorite was the deluge shower that pours buckets of 102 degree water over you for two minutes. The large whirlpools can hold several people with no problem. I like the fact that they had built in seats with jets hitting my back. I could feel my muscles relaxing.  I went back and forth between the sauna, steam room, and baths.  Some people have commented that the steam room was a little too hot...I did not find this the case...but that is just me. One of my favorite details was the tub of ice cold washcloths waiting for you when you get out of the sauna or steam room to cool yourself off. The staff is very friendly and professional.  They have all grooming products you will need to get ready to go straight to dinner if you needed to (razors, shaving cream, lotion, shampoo).  The bathrooms are very clean and bright. Someone was always around cleaning, folding, and straightening.I will not even go into the details of my massage...it was the best one I have ever had. Hands down.A few things that may caution some people are...it is clothing optional.  While some men are wearing bathing suits...most men were walking around nude.  Also, if you are a couple you will be in different areas. They have a men's side and a women's side. One guy was walking around looking very lost and out of place.  If I had to guess I would say I didn't think he knew he was going to be separated from his wife/girlfriend...particularly surrounded several men walking around nude.I go to Vegas about once a year and a day at the Encore spa will be the first thing I book after booking my hotel room.
5	This review is for the gym, spa, and salon. I utilized the gym the first thing in the morning, and of course like most hotel gyms in vegas all the treadmills were taken. I spotted an open elliptical and I ran to it. If you want to use the cardio equipment I suggest coming earlier. That is if you can nurse your hangover fast enough. The gym was very clean and techy. Every piece of cardio equipment had a tv. There is complimentary fruit, water, towels, and headphones if needed. They even have a juice bar inside. I never tried a class but they looked fun. Later that day my boyfriend booked this couples retreat for us. Boy was I in for the best massage of my life. First off the spa facilities are all very clean and state of the art. There is a cold pool, hot pool, rainforest showers, sauna, and a steam room. They even have heated rock beds next to the cool. I felt like a lizard on them. When I was called in for my appointment I was walked down this beautiful corridor. I loved the decor. It's very Moroccan "buddaish." When we arrived to our room we were given instructions on the spa tub. First we soaked in the tub for 15 minutes. The red currant bath fizz smells the best. After our fifteen minute soak we had a body scrub. I loved the feeling of the oils and salt on my skin. It felt amazing. Then we hopped in steaming hot shower and washed all the salt off. When we were ready we walked over to the room for a massage. For 60 minutes I was in utter complete nirvana. I can honestly say I had never been so relaxed in my entire life. My masseuses name was Lisa Vehe. I highly recommend her. She had the hands of an angel. God knows how many knots I had in my back. I have had dozens of massages and I can say this massage was better than the one's I have had at Canyon Ranch Spa at The Venetian. I will be back and I will always request Lisa.  The next day I booked a mani/pedi. Vegas does more damage to my feet than a marathon. Heels and the dry air are a horrible combination for my feet. I really enjoyed my mani/pedi. The ladies working on me were all very nice. I wish I would have asked their names. They shared stories with me about Vegas. I was laughing half the time. My mani/pedi lasted two weeks. I was very happy with everything. I believe they used essie polish.
5	Doesn't get much better than this. Best massage ever by Maria.
4	I stayed at Encore this time and I really wanted to try out the spa here since it's such a nice hotel. They dedicated an entire space for hair, spa, and gym.. it was really nice. I checked in and they gave me a quick tour of the place.. yes it is a bit small but at least it doesn't get crowded. They have two different sections, one section for all the amenities and another for all the treatment rooms and it looked AMAZING! I felt like I stepped into another country.. the massage I received was also really great except when she put the hot oil on me without letting me know.. cause it was pretty hot, I jumped.If you decide to stay in this hotel, you should definitely try out their spa =)
5	Signed up for the Couple's Retreat package to celebrate my husband's birthday. It was all exquisitely done in an exquisite setting. I also had a pedi and a shampoo and blow out done at the salon and everything was just perfect. I've been to many spas and salons in the past and have had dismal experiences even in the higher-end salon and spas, but this was definitely a great experience.
4	This is the destination for girlish girls and all their girlfriends.  Encore is beautifully designed, so I was not surprised to see the same standard of the Encore spa.  The layout is intelligent and convenient.  One of my favorite elements of the Encore spa is the lighting.  Most of the spas in town don't often provide enough light, causing me to feel sleepy and tired half of the time; I want to feel relaxed and de-stressed at the spa, and the lighting of Encore is that perfect tint.I always work out before a spa day.  The Encore gym is well-equipped but too small for the size of the hotel.  I came on a Saturday morning and waited about ten minutes for a treadmill.  Encore should really expand it to cater to their clientele's needs.  On a positive note, there is a cafe near the gym that offers smoothies and healthy foods for pretty reasonable prices.I love the robes and slippers offered at the Encore spa to women (I'm not sure what the men receive).  They are high-quality silk on the outside and very soft terry cloth on the inside in pastel colors; slippers are made similarly feminine (an instant favorite for girlish girls who spa such as myself).There is a gorgeous main area with jacuzzis, hot tubs, cascading showers, etc...  The area is decorated with a grand beautiful Buddha statue, giving the atmosphere a glamorous yet peaceful touch.  There are also stunningly exotic lanterns throughout the venue; including one in the ultra-feminine vanity room, making it one of the most eye-pleasing spas I've ever been.The snacks provided at Encore spa are also top-quality: anything from dried fruits to nuts and even granola (most hotel spas only have fruits).Encore spa lacks more unisex areas where couples can meet up if you are doing a day spa date.  But if you are spending the day with girlfriends and want to be around all things womanly and delicate, here's the place to go.
4	Reminds me of a Eurasian palace. The interiors here make you feel privileged, pampered and wishing you could retreat to a place like this all the time, especially when hung from the night before.  What i liked about this spa in comparison to other spas in LV is that it is not too big nor too small, not uber trendy and makes feel like you've escaped to somewhere far and exotic. Great place to come when you want to relax, get tenderized and sweat out the alcohol. Products used are not heavily perfumed and I love how they have little areas to sit with the girls and gab. A quality way to burn your winnings with a nice touch.
5	The Best Spa & Salon I have ever been to in North America. I have had almost every type of service at both. I went to the salon 1st before I even checked into the Hotel and had Mina cut and correct a horrible haircut I had 4 days before at a salon in Atlanta. She did such an amazing job. I then had a manicure & pedicure, they did such an amazing job.I've had massages and facials at the Spa, and can't remember the last time I felt as relaxed and pampered as I did then. I recommend Devon & DJ, best massages ever.5 stars all around!
5	If you're staying at Encore you should take the elevator to the second floor just to marvel at the check in area for the spa - it's seriously beautiful. Services are second to none. I've had scrubs and massages in the past and they've been amazing. This time in Las Vegas I was staying at the other end of the strip for a conference but I knew it would be totally worth it to get a taxi to Encore for a mani/pedi. As I sat overlooking the strip with Quan taking maybe 2lb of dead skin off my feet (boots + New England winter = ugh) and Dawn taking care of my hands - with a glass of complimentary champagne of course - I thought it doesn't get any better than this. I rarely get manicures - my nails chip all the time - but for some reason I always have the urge to have red fingernails in Las Vegas. Last time we visited this meant a polish change every couple of days. This time? I did the Gelish manicure - no filing down of your nails - a quick 30 second "cure" in a little machine in between each of the 4 coats. I had the manicure on Monday and it's now Saturday and my nails look PERFECT - still! Despite subjecting them to a number of chip-likely situations. So - if you're in Vegas - head to Encore, make a bunch of spa appointments and totally get a Gelish manicure!Even if you only use the salon you also get access to the super relaxing spa environment too....
4	Gorgeous and relaxing decoration and ambiance.  Serenity at its best; that is until you enter the "Relaxation lounge" and are surrounded by groups and groups of chatty women waiting for their service.  In the waiting lounge you are supplied with water, an assortment of teas, dried apricots and dried bananas.  You can sit/lay on a chaise lounge or some regular seats.  I love the peaceful colors and textures of the relaxation lounge, but again all the chatter is distracting.The services I got were mixed.  The peel was perfect and relaxing and left my skin glowing.  The massage I got was kinda boring and very disappointing.Their hot stone chaise lounge in the "pool/jacuzzi" area were nice.  I was kinda taken aback by the very large older woman with a brazilian and her hot bodied and younger friend with a full bush.  Alas, Vegas does bring women of all sizes, colors, ages, and waxing preferences.  I was just expecting the hottie with the brazilian and the hugey with the bush.  If she needs a good brazilian, I would suggest she head over to Bella Pelle in SF . . . but that's another review of mine you can read.Overall, I would return to this spa, I would just opt out of a service with the masseuse that gave me my massage.
2	While on vacation, I decided to come here for a mani/pedi and was quite disappointed. I came on time for my appt and had to wait for a long time before one of the stylists basically admitted that they had forgotten about me. My pedi was good, but my manicure was really quite terrible. I requested the custom manicure to help my sandpaper dry hands, but the service really did not include anything special beyond a regular manicure. The stylist (older, larger lady with red hair) did a bad job- unattended cuticles, air bubbles, and uneven color. For a $60 manicure, I expect a professional, impeccable job. Especially when I can get a great mani and pedi at my neighborhood salon for $30. Will not be returning.
2	The mani-pedi with the least value ever.  Ever.  Even at the heights of Babylon, when the well-to-do paid in ounces[1] of gold to have people gnaw their finger- and toe-nails, cuticles, and calluses.  Can you imagine those hang-nails?Anyway, if I can draw your attention back to the matter at hand and foot, we went right after flying in and in need of some de-tox from the airplane.  We were offered the standard and deluxe, the deluxe offering an "extended foot massage."  Sign me up!A) Don't pay for the extended foot massage unless you want a foot massage at all.  I can't imagine how the two minutes spent per foot could be even shorter.  Then I noticed the price difference was only $10 and it made sense.B) I have never bled more from a manicure.  The manicurist member of the team went at it with the cuticle cutters while talking about whether or not she was going to go to some party that evening[2].  Her lack of focus led to my gushing arterial spray, which she somehow turned around and blamed on me for not using hand lotion.  As if.  So I sat there for another ten minutes while she applied direct pressure and a sucking chest wound's quantity of Celox to my thumb.I don't remember what we were charged, but with (minimal acceptable) tip it came to $320.  Way too much for sitting in a really awesome hydro-massage chair for less than half an hour while being bled out.Oh, one more thing, because I know what you're thinking.  I'm a guy, don't judge.  I like foot massages and massage chairs.[1] They didn't call them ounces then, of course.  It was something like "me ke le ke hi me ke hi ne ho," but my Sumerian is not as good as it could be.[2] It felt really awkward, them discussing it and not at least extending a token invite.  But I didn't take off stars for her rudeness.
5	*Review for Salon services only*When we go to Vegas, we always do it big. This time we were booked in the Tower Suites with a jam packed schedule with three of our DJ friends spinning at XS and Marquee (Hi MS! Hi Kaskade!). If I planned on making it through the night continually looking fabulous, I was going to need some help from a hair professional. I've always wanted to a do a crazy, funky up-do of some sorts, but with an undercut on the left side and overall, pretty short hair, there's not much that can be done in terms of up-dos. But wait! I could do a feminine faux-hawk! So I found the perfect picture (thank you for your glam style Gwen Stefani!) and booked an appointment at the Encore Salon. The stars were shining down on me, because I was a lucky girl to be paired up with Vernice. I showed her the pic and she nodded and went to work. Less than an hour later, my hair was up, WAY UP, and ready to make its appearance at Dos Caminos for our first stop of the very long night that was ahead of us. I ate, drank and danced my ass off to Manufactured Superstars who brought the house down at XS, then more dancing to the incredible sounds of Kaskade at Marquee. 22 hours later, I am at the airport, boarding my flight back to SF and my hair is still up, looking sexy.  Vernice is amazing! If you need your hair done did, please ask for her. She will make you look and feel beautiful! Bible!
4	The spa lobby was quite stunning. We were blown away when we walked in. It was like a palace!We first used their facilities, which was quite impressive. There were different lounges of locker rooms, private changing rooms, waterfall showers, heated patio stone chairs. We booked the massage last minute, they were able to accommodate us, which was nice. We had a couple massage there. The massage was good. I almost felt asleep during the treatment. I have to take off one star because it was pretty expensive---$180 for 50 minutes for each person.
5	When I die, and go to heaven I imagine it'll be just like the Encore Spa....I have been dying to try it. So this trip, I had $100 spa credit via AMEX, so I figured it was a sign! I booked a body scrub and 50 min massage. Like everyone else has said, it's stunning in there. Just amazing.  I got there an hour early to take advantage of the spa-I did the water circuit, which was awesome! And I was fairly hungover, so I figured I could sweat out some of the toxins.Anyways, my therapist was Vanessa, who was amazing. We connected immediately-she just has such a peaceful air about her, and a really good heart. She was just comforting, as odd as that sounds. I did the body scrub first which I enjoyed but don't need to do again. It left my skin really soft though. The massage-which was aromatherapy-was the true highlight. The amount of pressure Vanessa used was perfect-I was so damn relaxed. I could have stayed there and been massaged all day! Let me tell you that I will definately book with her again!!That being said, it ain't cheap. But what in Vegas is? And this massage was worth every penny, so I didn't care!!
5	I had my bridal updo done here.  I regret that I can't remember what the guy's name was (it started with an "M," I believe), but he was an Asian male, and he was fantastic.  I brought in a picture of what I wanted (NOT your typical, tight curl prom-like updo).  It was a picture of a celebrity at an awards show, and I wanted volume and soft waves in a half-updo.  I'm not really an easy person to please, either, but I left on cloud 9.  At first, I did not like how my hairdo was turning out, but he listened to what I thought and was very patient with me, and the end result was fantastic.  I got compliments on my hairdo from everyone all day long.  It was perfect; a great start to my wonderful day.  Thanks, Encore Salon!
4	Went here on Mother's Day as a gift from my hubby.  To my surprise when I arrived 30 minutes prior to my massage the lady informed me that I can use the facilities all day...should have came earlier.  The amenities were great.  there was 2 small swimming pools, and 2 Jacuzzis.  The chairs are heated.  There are outdoor waterfall showers to use afterwards.  Inside they have a sauna and a steam room.  You can have unlimited complimentary coffee, tea, lemon flavored water, dried fruit, and nuts.My massage was wonderful and a perfect way to start my Mother's day.  The ambiance in the room was soothing.  There was a smell of lavender in the air, candles lit, and instrumental music in the background.  The lady I had was very nice and paid close attention to the areas I wanted her to work on.  She even gave me an extra 10 minutes just because.I would recommend this to anyone.  They also give local discounts!
5	For my bacholerette my besties went all out and partied it up in Vegas. On our second to last day there, they took me to this spa for some pampering. When I think about my experience, I sometimes feel like it was a dream because I seriously felt like I was in paradise. First off, the decor is unreal. The ambiance is very relaxing and the colors are very soothing. They went with a very "zen" type of style so there were beautiful Buddha statues all over the place; I felt as if I had gone to heaven! Second, the facilities were amazing. They have 2 swimming pools, jacuzzis, sauna, steam room, and waterfall showers. And in the jacuzzi "bath" area, they have these amazing heated stone chairs (I totally need one for my house now!). Btw - you can use the facilities all day when you get a treatment done. Third, the service and the treatment was our of this world. I got a massage and let me tell you, I'm probably one of the pickiest people when it comes to a good massage. I've tried so many places that just can't get the right balance of deep tissue pressure without hurting me. My masseuse was amazing! I can't even really explain how great the treatment was because I was so relaxed that I fell asleep but when I woke up, I felt so refreshed.The next time I go back to Vegas,  this is DEFINITELY going to be going on the itinerary.
5	Everything at Encore LV is luxurious.  The rooms and definitely the Spa.  I had just returned from a trip to Thailand a couple weeks before my trip to LV where I had my share of Thai and oil massages so for my SIL's bachelorette in LV, I didn't want to splurge on any more massages cuz it is definitely not as cheap as in Thailand!  But I decided to spend the $40 just to use the spa amenities and I think it was well worth it.For those that are not Spa-educated, like myself prior to this experience, here's what you do at the Spa.  The Encore Spa is clothing optional so you can wear a bikini/bathing suit or be in your birthday suit.  They have plenty of towels for you to cover up.  After you check in, you get sandals and a locker w/ a robe. First thing,1) shower/rinse off in the Waterfall Showers.  2) Steam room.  Take a chilled mini towel w/ you.3) Sauna.  Again, get a new chilled mini towel and this time, grab the cucumbers.4) Take a cool dip in the cold plunge pool.5) Jacuzzi.6) Relax on the heated stone lounge chair.7) Jacuzzi again.8) Shower, rinse and repeat.The Spa closes at 8p daily.  If you stay at the Encore, I highly recommend just going for the Spa amenities if you don't want to pay too much for services.  Make sure you go early in the day, preferably before noon, then you can do your thing in Vegas, come back before dinnertime to rejuvenate yourself for more late night partying!What is provided:- hairspray, hairdryers, curling irons, combs, brush, deodorant, razor & shaving cream, q-tips, baby powder, bath gel, and shampoo (same as hotel rooms).-complimentary bottles of water, 5-6 different kinds of tea bags, 2 colors of apples.
4	Had the prenatal massage here and it was heavenly!  The music and aromatherapy was wonderful. The table was super comfortable. The massage therapist was amazing!  Gave it 4 star instead of 5 since it is a bit pricey.
4	It hard for me to rate spas anymore because after Hawaii it's hard to beat the Grand Wailea Spa.The Encore spa was beautiful but very girly! I'm not complaining, but it does look like the Under the Sea theme. They have a huge room with two big hot tubs, cool plunge, cold plunge, jet showers, steam room, and a sauna room.I enjoyed my time here soaking out the Vegas craziness! Plus they give you robes, which not every spa does.I would return here again and of course would recommend it to anyone!
5	I got the haircut with Ray at the Encore Salon, and I am in love. Ray is really talented on all hair styles. I had long layer hair, my sister had an A-line cut, and my friend had a short hair style. He did great jobs on all of them. Ever since I got a haircut with him, I didn't let anyone touch my hair. I always fly to Vegas to have my haircut. It's a little pricey, but it's worth it.
4	Definitely one of the most luxurious spas I've ever been to, and priced accordingly. I had one of the best massages I've never had from Jasmine, who has "smart" fingers which is what you want in a masseuse. Her fingers knew how to find and deal with knots, not just pounding on them. She also knew her anatomy, knowing full well how to address doing a massage around an old injury of mine. I also had a perfectly good facial, but I am reducing my overall review from 5 starts because the basic ($170!!!) facial didn't include extractions. I had to pay $10 extra for that and I think that should be standard in any full-hour facial, expecially one at this price. That aside, I would return here again in a heartbeat...
4	On a somewhat spontaneous trip to Vegas, I decided I was going to have a "spa day" where I would just spend an entire day getting pampered.Booked an 80 minute blended fusion massage with hot stone enhancement, a 50 minute foot massage in addition, manicure, and hair trim/style.  I spent well over $600 on all services, but it was SO WORTH IT.I have never been so relaxed in my entire life!  I started with the custom manicure which was quick but excellent, then went to the spa to get my massage on. Upon entrance you are guided around and introduced to all the amenities.  You get a locker and a robe and slippers.  I like that they have a private changing room.When you are ready for your massage, you go to the lounge to wait for your masseuse.  Once there, you are led to an amazing hallway with dozens of private rooms for massage.  It's gorgeous and you feel like you're royalty.  My masseuse was so personable and calming and performed all of my treatments.  I felt instantly at ease with her and the dim-lit room.  The entire experience was extremely professional and my massage was excellent.After my 2 hours of body rubbing, I took a shower in one of the many showers (decided against the waterfall shower because I didn't want to bare ass in front of others because I'm shy) available in the facility.  It was very clean and the products were nice.  I like that they really provide you with everything you need (razors, shower cap, shampoo/conditioner/body wash, towels of course).Then I decided to steam it up in the steam room.  My goodness!! DEFINITELY take a couple cold iced towels with you and some water.  Sit in there for 10 minutes and you're GOOD.  You feel detoxed and excellent.  Some ladies in there were laying down.  I definitely couldn't stand more than about 5 minutes.  Could not breathe... but I'd do it again.  You're recommended not to sit in there for more than 15 minutes at a time anyway.THEN I decided to lounge in one of the heated chairs by the jacuzzis.  Mmm.. take a few towels with you to put under your head and legs and you can nap for a while.Back to the salon I went (after a quick nap).  My hair stylist was personable and bubbly, but I think it was one of the worst hair experiences I've had.  She got soap in my eyes during shampooing, she couldn't stop whipping my wet hair into my face when she was trimming it, and she tried to play it all off like it was a joke.  She did a good job with my hair and styled it nicely, but I don't think I'll be back for such an expensive cut with such terrible service.I went back to the spa to end my day.  Back to the heated lounge chairs with some citrus water and some small snacks.I'm glad I went on a weekday (Thursday) because I heard that it gets busy Fridays and weekends.  I can't imagine the place being packed...  It's spacey but I really liked having most of the place to myself.  I saw about 10 different ladies around but was pretty much alone for the whole day.  It's not very zen or calming when you have a bunch of ladies gabbing to each other all day.  I prefer the quiet when I'm trying to chill.I'll definitely be back.  Everyone needs to pamper themselves with the best, and when you book a treatment, you get free access to the entire place.  Definitely worth it.
5	My family and I have been going to the Encore for quite a few years.  I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Las Vegas, and the Encore is by far the most beautiful, classy, and luxurious hotel in all of Sin City.  Receiving a spa treatment (or two hehe) is always a must in this indulgent city.  The Encore Spa is not only the best spa in Las Vegas, but it is the best spa I've ever been to!  I've received treatments from makeup application, to manicures and pedicures, to massages.  All services are definitely expensive, but well worth your money.The most memorable experience I've had was a couples massage with my best friend in January.  The Spa was absolutely gorgeous- from the jacuzzis to the private showers.  The lounge was unbelievable, and the blankets are softer than a group of puppies on clouds!  My friend and I had a hard time telling ourselves not to purchase one at the gift store.  (We even considered gambling to win enough money so we could buy them without guilt.)  The beautiful and zen atmosphere of the Spa at the Encore was one I've never experienced before.  If I could, I'd receive a spa treatment every day there and spend the entire day lounging, drinking fresh mint tea, and chilling in the j-cuzz!
5	For my birthday last year my boyfriend gave me a day here. It was exceptional. The place is vast and at certain points I felt like I was in another country. Like a glammed-up Bali. I loved it. Before my treatments, I had mint tea and dried pineapple rings in one of the lounge areas. During my visit I had three separate treatments which lasted 3 hours. First was a body scrub, then massage, then Shirodhara Renewal, which is a stream of warmed oil that glides over your forehead and into your hair. After my treatments I relaxed by the pool area on the heated stone beds, while flipping through one of their many glossy magazines. At the end of the day I went into the steam room. Outside they have a tall bowl of chilled cucumber slices on ice for you take in with you. The steam itself was infused with eucalyptus and wow I've never breathed in something like that in such a large quantity. Again, I loved it. I don't think you could have a bad experience here, because of the professional people staffed inside the Spa itself.
5	Absolutely nothing else exudes such opulence, over-the top luxury, and sheer bliss like The Spa at Encore. From the second you step out of the elevator on the spa floor, you are immediately immersed in a mini-paradise of a "lobby." I've been there a solid 8 -10 times now and am still completely captivated by every little detail of the place. This review is not only for the facilities (easily 5 stars), but for the even more amazing and unrivaled spa treatments. First things first, let's start with the flawless facilities.With purchase of a treatment, facilities are included-- otherwise, I believe it is $40 for a day pass. TIP: Friday and Saturday, only Wynn/Encore hotel guests can purchase a day pass (the treatments are fair game, though). Once you somehow stop marveling at the beautiful lobby, you are taken into your respective gender's spa area and are given sandals, a drink of choice (any juice and water) and are taken to your user-friendly, electronic locker with a super soft, plush robe. The locker area is large and spacious and is hardly ever crowded. --Sauna: Hasn't been consistent when I've been, but is typically just right. Two levels for seating. --Steam Room: VERY hot and impossible to see two inches in front of you. I can stay in 5-10 minute increments in here. Also two levels for seating.--Then, enter the jacuzzi/whirlpool room. This is another large, spacious room with two rather oversized jacuzzi pools....probably 20x7 or so in size. Next to that is a "cool plunge" that is ~80 degrees I believe, so completely bearable. And, adjacent to this is a "cold plunge." What an incredible shock to the body this is when switching between the hot jacuzzi and this whirlpool. Invigorating, but borderline miserable for the first few minutes! --On the right side of the room sit around 7 contouring, warmed, ever-so-slightly vibrating tile-inlay stone chairs. These are similar to the ones at Qua (Caesar's) but are even better. I've been guilty of a nap on these! --On the left side are waterfall showers and "Experimental Showers;" the waterfall ones are just that-- they dump a TON of water on you at one time in that waterfall arch. They are extremely good for a minor massage on the shoulders/scalp and after jumping out of the whirlpools. The other showers have several options to play with, including water temp, lighting of the shower, pressure, which shower heads emit water (there are so many!), and even themed experiences (rain forest, thunderstorm, sunrise, etc...). Kind of a ploy, but very neat and it's pretty entertaining for a bit. NOW, FOR THE MAIN ACT....The spa treatments. I've been privileged enough to try two different treatments here on multiple occasions: --The 50-minute Fusion Massage (traditional Swedish type of massage).--The 80-minute Good Luck Ritual (50 minute Fusion Massage, followed by a scalp massage with Wild Lime Blossom Oil and then a hand/arm/foot treatment with peppermint/lemon exfoliating scrub, then wrapped in hot towel booties and then a follow-up lotion treatment). Since I've had this, I can't go back to 50 minute massage..this one is just too good!TIP TIP TIP!!! --The first therapist I ever had at Encore was Liana Poet. Some advice...REQUEST HER. I honestly cannot tell you how absolutely incredible her treatments are...you cannot go wrong with whatever treatment you choose to have with her. I've had so many different massage therapists in my life and she is DEFINITELY not one to be missed. Unfortunately, she isn't there on weekends, but an extremely suitable alternate is Kassi Sillin. If Liana isn't available, request Kassi. Both of them are incredibly talented with their professions and are exceptional assets to the spa. I know this has been an extensive and drawn-out review, but it is just a testament to how much I love this slice of paradise. I feel like a king every time I set foot here and wish that everyone could experience it. While I do like Qua's facilities a lot, too, Encore's Spa is by far my favorite spa I've ever been to-- both in Vegas and beyond.Quick condensing: Get the Good Luck Ritual with Liana Poet and spend hours in glam facilities. It is worth every single penny.
5	I chose to stay at the Encore partly to take advantage of the spa.  The couple of days before my visit, I started to think, maybe I've set my expectations too high.  The experience went above and beyond my already high expectations.The space is an absolutely gorgeous and peaceful facility.  The decor could have easily crossed over to "gauche" territory but it doesn't.  The lobby (shared by the Encore Gym) is on par with the opulence you find in Dubai.  But when you actually enter the spa (at least the men's side), it's tasteful, warm, comfortable, and zen-like.  If you just use the spa services (pay the $40 day fee without opting for a treatment), that alone is great.  The staff is friendly, attentive, and ever-present without being too intrusive.Brent was my initial attendant.  Gave me a quick tour of the facility first and was very helpful.I had an aromatherapy massage with Marek.  The man is a master!  Gentle and friendly.  For an aromatherapy massage, you'll be given the chance to smell a few different oils and then choose whichever one you'd like.  While he was friendly, he did not talk much except when we were getting started and if he had to direct me to do something (turn over, lift your leg please, etc).  Otherwise he did not talk during my massage.  I hate therapists who are chatty.I had a gentlemen's facial with Marci.  Also, very friendly and down-to-earth but professional.  She described each step of the facial, asked some background questions (do you use a moisterizer, when was your last facial).  She was extremely knowledgeable.  When talking about moisterizers she volunteered some info that showed she clearly knew a lot!It was an absolutely amazing experience!  Will always include a visit to the Encore spa when I visit Vegas from now on.
5	Deep tissue or thai massage, 110 minutes for the win.  You will have an euphoric experience paralleled by none.  The moroccan mud wrap is also super duper relaxing.  You are actually only in the wrap for maybe about 15-20 mins so if you fear the normal itching and not being able to scratch, rest easy.  The head massage and body massage that are part of it are divine.  Definitely recommend these procedures instead of the aromatherapy since you don't really get much pressure out of those massages.
3	I think I've been spoiled... And not by the Spa at Encore.  Don't get me wrong, the facilities are lovely, beautifully decorated, clean, and the customer service was wonderful. But after having been to the Qua spa at Caesar's and the spa at Aria, Encore just doesn't live up to them.  First, I found it quite overpriced. Yes, I know it is a Wynn property, but $55 for a day pass (including access to the fitness facilities) is just a bit ridiculous. Qua charges $45 and I believe Aria charges $40, and each of those are at least double the size with more (and better) amenities. The spa was pretty standard- two hot whirlpool tubs, two plunge pools (one cool, one cold), a relaxation room, fancy showers with lights/music (more of a gimmick than anything), sauna, steam room, lockers, showers. I did find the ice cold towels with cucumber to be quite refreshing, but everything else was on par with the other high end spas in town. Secondly, what kind of spa doesn't have SOME type of juices available?? Apparently, the Spa at Encore.  Oh yes, you can go BUY juice at the "Juice Bar" inside of the fitness room, but as a spa guest, especially at that price point, I'd expect to have some juice available.  All the Encore had was water, tea, and coffee available.  I did have a good experience, but I kept thinking of the other spas (and the extra money I would have saved had I gone there).
4	This is a pretty fantastic spa and salon. The only reason it is not getting 5 stars is because the prices are insane! But I guess one can expect that when staying at such a resort.I arrived for my hair appointment on Friday evening. I was scheduled for 6pm and arrived very late due to a delayed flight. The salon closes at 7pm but they still took me in, knowing that they would have to stay well pass 7 to finish my hair. They had 3 people working on me to get my thick locks looking their best. They also gave me tea and apples :) I would definitely come back here when in Vegas.
5	Absolutely loved it, hands down the best spa I've ever been to.  First when you walk in the reception area your senses are fully engulfed.  The scent and decor are beautiful.  I love the butterfly theme throughout encore and the spa has the same elements.  The reception folks are nice and efficient.  Once you check in you are whisked away behind the grand curtain.  There is a reception area with coffee, tea and water to start your journey.  The person who calls you in provides you with a quick tour and you are given a private locker, robe and fancy slippers.  I absolutely love the eucalyptus room and waterfall showers.  The lounge chairs in the hot tub area are also heated to keep you warm and cozy.  There was a good amount of folks in swimsuits as well as nude so its to your comfort level of how you want to enjoy the spa.  I loved all the nice little touches too, from the steam rooms they have a cold towel service to refresh with.  They also have every item you would need for grooming before and after, razors, shaving cream, mousse, hair spray, blow dryer etc.  The path to the private treatment rooms is so beautiful, I loved the peaceful atmosphere.  My massage was awesome, if you like firm pressure ask for Lucy she was superb.  I would come back to here again and again.  I also like the state of the art table, it molds to you body easily.I highly recommend coming to this spa as a special treat.  It is peaceful, quiet, and special.  Make sure you come early or plan to stay late and make it a long visit so you can enjoy all the amenities.  You can also come back all day if you want to take another dip in the hot tub or sauna.I can't wait to go back!
5	This spa was really spectacular. It's an experience from the moment you get off the elevator. The highlights were the heated lounge chairs by the whirlpools, the eucalyptus steam room, and the fluffy robes. Every question I had was answered. I even injured my elbow out of pure clumsiness and someone came to my aid with ice quickly. The decor was stunning and tranquil. I loved that they had a sign letting you know what order to hit the whirlpools, sauna, cool plunge, etc in. Snacks and drinks available were yummy.Of course, it's lucky to be right in the most fabulous hotel on the Strip. I went upstairs to Society Cafe for a yummy lunch, although they could have had room service brought to me in the spa. I even picked out a gorgeous new bathing suit, as the shopping at Wynn is top-notch.My service, a Organic Facial, was lovely. I had originally booked another kind of facial, but my seasoned cosmetologist noticed that I was experiencing lots of dry skin and quickly recommended I do the other so I could see the best results. I love that! It was relaxing and very informative as well. I learned some tips on how to keep my skin in top shape, and yet was totally incapacitated from the complete relaxation I experienced. I've gotten a lot of facials, and this one was stellar. I came out glowing. I won't be wearing cover up anytime soon -- she really took my face to the next level. Overall, extremely impressed and will definitely be visiting again when I have the extra cash laying around!
3	The Salon Deserves 5 stars and yes, you pay for all of the those stars ($120 base price for a manicure and pedicure ).  But the Salon has floor to ceiling windows that look out to the sky and the vibe is open, modern yet friendly. Most importantly the man who gave me the mani/pedi, Van Lee (I don't know if I am remembering his name correctly) deserves the highest rating. He was professional, warm and meticulous. I really felt like he cared about doing a great job and loved working at Encore & Wynn.Now for the SPA:I did not like the spa. Apparently I differ from AAA and Forbes, both think the Encore spa deserves their highest rating. Yes, the spa was opulent. Yes, the walkway to the treatment rooms was magnificent. Yes, the spa attendants and therapists were professional.but....It doesn't feel very relaxing. Weird right? Yeah, light and noise (two very important spa elements) were out of whack. The Spa at Encore seriously needs to cover the skylights and turn the lights down. It is so bright in the main wet area that I could literally see the varicose veins of the naked lady sitting across from me in the hot tub. You can also see the sediment building up in the hot tub filters. It just way too bright! And for the noise... the spa attendants did nothing about these women that were on their cell phones in the locker area speaking VERY loudly for a long time. The ladies continued their noise party in the relaxation/meditation room and again, the spa attendants even walked through the room a couple of times and did nothing. Also -- they offered chex party mix as their snack in the waiting area which seemed really out of place. Anyway, it is a beautiful spa just way too bright and way too loud.
4	By far, one of the best Spas...the lay out is so perfect. Not to big, yet not to small. The service is top notch. Trust me folks, worth every penny, and then some.
1	If you're going to book an appointment, do it by phone or in person. During our trip my fiance and I booked 2 massages online and got a confirmation for it. When we went to the actual spa, the receptionist could only find one appointment. We didn't have extra time in our schedule that day to book another appointment for a few hours later, and if we tried to change the current appointment they would charge us an extra 50%. While my fiance and I debated what to do (we were insisting that the other person get the massage), the receptionist apparently found this very amusing and was laughing. Extremely unprofessional. The spa was suppose to be relaxing but this was the exact opposite experience. I was too pissed off for a massage at that point and went back up to the room. Later my fiance said the massage was only average. Overall I'm very disgusted by this experience. Based on the the rave reviews, if they can fix their pathetic web-based reservation system, it might be worth a $200 massage. For the time being, find relaxation elsewhere or get your reservation in person/ over the phone.
1	Review from Aug 2012: No advance warning that the "spa" was closed. We were diverted to the 8th floor to a stripped down hotel room.  No lockers, no sauna, no hot tub.   Crappy view.  And for our inconvenience, a mere 20% discount.  I can't comment on the massage because we walked out.
2	The Spa itself is breath taking. More like a movie set. But I was there for a massage, and they failed to give even a mediocre massage. For such an expensive massage, it was a real let down. Next time, I will search Yelp for best spa massage in area.
4	Docked one star since they don't offer IV fluids and B vitamin injections. Kidding! I wasn't quite that desperate, but close. The gym was clean and modern and I got a little BTN* workout in before spa time of lounging on the heated stone chaise, melting in the jacuzzi, and detoxing in the steam room. Last year in Vegas with the same pride of Cougars, I opted out of spa time thinking it was a waste of money (how could I spend $260 on a massage when I spend $90 for a probably better one at home?), but I succumbed this year and spent the $40 for day use. I'm now a believer. Even if you are in Vegas for a Knitting and Bible Convention, breathing the recycled toxic air will make you dehydrated and sick to your stomach, never mind if you are there to purposely dehydrate yourself, so I finally "get" spa time. And Encore's is lavish and lovely and worth at least of few of those chips you won on the craps table (or worked two weeks for at home). *Better Than Nothin
5	The best $40 spent in Vegas! Day Passtranquil - friendly- super cleanThey give you a fancy robe and sandals in your sizeA locker w digital lock - water-tea-fruiton the vanity stations : hairspray- mouse- root pump-blow dryer- curling iron- magnified mirror- q tips-cotton pads - personal combs and tissuein the shower area: towels- shower cap- razor-shaving cream- shampoo-conditioner (organic) bath wash and a toothbrush if you ask for one!the hot tubs are roomy and the jets are powerfulthe stone chairs align to you're body and i did see a couple ladies that fell asleep!the showers are fun - they have waterfall style and the digit one is crazy - has different color lights and music the sauna is clean and perfect temperatureThey also have cold towels and cucumbers for your eyes to usethe steam room has eucalyptus in it- so re- freshingThere is not one bad thing about this place! the decor is Turkish and breath takingA must try while in Vegas! I spent 4 hours here
4	I really enjoyed the trip to the Salon at the Encore resort. I was having my hair and makeup done for a formal event, and it was a fantastic treat to get pampered for the afternoon. The staff were very attentive and efficient - it's scary sometimes to have someone new do your hair or makeup, but I felt that I was in great hands. I gave them the look I was going for, showed them some photos, and came out looking the way I wanted to. I will definitely come back the next time I'm at the resort!
4	Good massage and nice plunge pools but a bit pricey .
5	I only used the facilities on a day pass, I did not get a treatment.  But I loved, loved, loved it.All I can say is ahhhhhhhh. It is a virtual sea of tranquility. For $40, the amenities you can use are: lounge with TV, water, tea and fruit in the check-in area, larger, quiet "tranquility lounge," steam room, sauna, whirlpool, cold plunge, and heated stone chairs in the whirlpool area (which I fell asleep on). They also have water and iced towels with cucumber. I could have stayed there for days.There are a variety of small changing lounges rather than one big one like at most spas so there is ample room to get ready, change, etc.  I didn't use the showers or bath amenities but there are showers both inside and rainshowers out by the whirlpool.The actual treatments are the most expensive I have ever seen anywhere.  But $40 for the day pass is a steal for this spa.
5	If I get to go to heaven when I die, I hope heaven is the Encore spa.  It's the best place on earth.  The ladies locker room was amazing - the steam room and sauna smell like being outside in nature.  There are rain showers and plunge pools everywhere.  It's so nice and relaxing.  The locker room even has awesome hair products and Hot Tools curling irons, which is impressive for a spa locker room.I got an 80 minute fusion massage with Merick, and it was the most relaxing and wonderful massage I have ever had.  I never wanted it to end.  I got an organic facial, which was good but not the best.  However, the massage made up for any misses on the facial.  It was super expensive, but for a Vegas splurge, it's way better than gambling because you leave feeling so wonderful!
5	Hands down, the best spa in the western US.  The hydro-therapy suite alone is worth the trip.  It's our main attraction when we got to Las Vegas.
5	I've been to Four Seasons, The Carlyle in NY, Banyan Tree, Ritz Carlton....etc, but this is one of my top two spas in the world. Everything is done to perfection and the amenities are above and beyond. The price of treatments covers your admission the spa, so plan on spending an extra hour enjoying the lap of luxury with pools, sauna, steam, and showers. The therapists are incredible. I have been to the salon and the spa several times and I've always been blown away by the techniques and precision that the staff has. Bite the bullet and get a treatment. You only live once and you could be doing much more indulgent things in Vegas, right?
4	We were staying at the Wynn, but because of the reviews decided to try the spa at Encore.  I had a fusion massage, and my sister had a facial scheduled (her first ever).So, when you book a treatment, you get access to the spa all day, which is nice but I've yet to spend an entire day in a spa.  There are a couple of jaccuzi pools, heated tiled loungers, cool-water pools, waterfall showers, and multiple shower head showers in the wet area.  There's also a steam room and sauna.  There are several locker areas that include a vanity with a blowdryer and curling irons, a private changing room, and the toilets are separate from the showers.  They make water, towels, hot tea, some fruit (in the lounge area) and some snacky trail-mix stuff available.  The decor is very nice and the atmosphere is relaxing.  It's all very standard for a spa.  My sister had never had a facial before and really enjoyed it; it was customized for her and she said she might even like it better than getting a massage.  My massage was fabulous.  Jenny was my massage therapist and she really worked on the knots in my back, which I appreciated a great deal (I've been to other therapists who dig into my shoulderblades, spine, or other bones thinking they are helping; or others who just kind of smooth lotion all over me).  Definitely recommend the spa, it seems a little smaller than Qua (Ceasar's Palace, one of my favorites), but it is well equipped and the therapists are very friendly and know what they are doing.
5	It is expensive amd worth every penny, I spent a relaxing two hours in the jacuzzis, on the hot stone loungers and in the sauna and Steam rooms before an 80 minute facial with Karen.  What a perfect way to unwind in a gorgeous setting.
4	When you first walk into the palatial hallway there is a fitness center on the right and the pool elevators on the left. The check in for the spa is at the end of the yellow brick road and is very royal with white and gold colors lighting up your path. The women's check in has cold fruity water and warm tea, and also fruit baskets with red and green apples and oranges. The spa itself seems to have the theme of luxury. The lockers look like Louis Vuitton suitcases and everything has gold accents. There is a sauna, a steam bath (with cool towels and cucumbers on ice outside), showers (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, shaving cream, and body lotion are all in the shower cabin with individual razors and shower caps nearby), and a separate changing room for those that are shy. Once you reach the end of the hallway there is a room with two warm jacuzzi pools and two cold pools, as well as heated lounge chairs. On the side there are about 5 waterfall showers that have water flowing from all directions and a temperature control outside of every shower. 5 min before your treatment you go into the waiting lounge that has couches and lounge chairs. There's tea, coffee, and trail mix available. Once your therapist picks you up, the real part of your journey begins. My first therapist was Michael Coleman and when he opened the doors I stepped into an opulent regal hall. The path was drenched in magic. The room was simple but I want to point out that the sheets on the massage table felt like silk. First time I experienced silk sheets at a massage.My treatment was the Thai oil massage. I later had the foot, hand, neck massage. The latter was simple and not very impressive. I wouldn't recommend that one. Perhaps because of the former. The Thai treatment was one of the best I've ever had. Michael was an artist. He knew what he was doing. He knew where the pressure points were and he knew how much pressure to apply on each one. I would recommend this to anyone! I didn't feel a second of discomfort. Completely epic. In short, I enjoyed my time here but if I were to come back, it would only be if I could request Michael again. I don't think the impression would feel as magical a second time and the service, albeit good, was not as impressive as at the Mandarin Oriental.
5	The best Spa I have ever been in my life! Hard to describe since everything was just the best. The details of the spa and the service were incredibile...so good that I went twice in 3 days! Can't wait to be back!
5	This has to be the best spa in Vegas. The ambience is tranquil and the service is five star. we got the couples massage for 100 minutes wow did I feel like new again. I will come back here and recommend this spa over any other spa.
5	Deep tissue massage by Andrea Senese was fabulous! I would definitely request her. Spa is one of the most beautiful and luxurious I have ever had the pleasure of patronizing. Felt like I had been transported to another world. Sauna, steam room, whirlpools, tranquility room. Massage table linens and robes, high quality. Lighting, relaxing and soothing. You do not want to miss this.
5	Had a wonderful time at the spa. I had a terrible haircut at home. Isabel prana did a wonderful job fixing my hair. She paid a lot of attention to it. Getting to use the spa was an added benefit. I am almost considering flying to Vegas just to get my hair done.
5	Not being an avid spa goer, I don't really have anywhere else to benchmark this experience. But based on how relaxed and pampered I feel afterwards, I give this place 5 stars! The spa is very clean, and has impeccable service. Equipped with a steam room, sauna, waterfall showers, heated stone chairs, hot tub and cool tub. At the end of it I hung out on the plush sofas in the quiet room with my fluffy spa robe on. Magazine in one hand, juice and fresh fruit in the other...it was absolutely the best experience.
5	One word: L-A-V-I-S-H! Once you walk in from the elevator to this facility area, your nose will sense a very rich, aromatic, calming scent throughout the hallway... this place is so...ostentatiously rich and luxurious... there are majestic, mixture of opulent Persian and Indian decors & furnitures. I felt like a royalty walking by here for my spa/massage. As you walk up to this spacious area, on your right. there is this fancy fitness center you can go to. All machines are squeaky clean and sanitized, the staff are very professional (as expected from a 5-star hotel at Encore), purified water is provided for the guests, a fresh headset (in case you forgot to bring them), and at end of your workout, you will be provided with fresh fruits on your way out. On the left side, there is a walkway to the elevator to the pool area, which is ginormous. I've never seen a beautiful pool in my life. It seems like Taj Mahal or some sort. The cabanas are so cool and modern, the plants are shaped beautifully, and the people here are beautiful, lol.. Everything here is almost... perfect! The spa here is darn expensive (expect to pay at least $200 for the cheapest package), but the service here and that luxurious feel, you can't beat it. Damn, I'm spoiled and broke. Come pamper yourself here at least once and you will not regret it!
4	WOW! Gorgeous! When I first walked in to check in, I already appreciated the silence. The spa and salon are on a different level from the rest of the casino so the only people down there are there for the fitness center, spa, salon which is nice. I can't forget my experience at Canyon Ranch that while you wait with 10 people ahead of you to check in, there are wild loud people in bikinis heading to the pool and cutting through to walk to their destination. Very strange set up and not relaxing. This was the opposite. I walked in and waited about 2 minutes, then went right up to the check in counter. I was immediately impressed with the waiting area where you check in. I've never seen such pretty couches, chairs, lamps, everything was so beautiful. I liked how the fitness center was easy access from the spa, very close and behind large doors, very private from anyone passing by. Again not like Canyon Ranch where you had to walk a mile to get to the fitness center! Once I entered I was greeted by friendly attendants who showed me to my locker. I enjoyed the fitness center for a bit, but after seeing the jacuzzi area, I could not keep my mind off of it and had to stop working out to head over to what I was there for, relaxation! I liked the posted sign telling you what order to enjoy things in. Hot shower, then steam, then sauna, etc. The steam room was just right for me, sometimes they are too hot but this was perfect. The sauna on the other hand felt like room temperature, not even hot. Luckily, that isn't my favorite so it didn't bother me that much, but I thought that with these prices it should be in working condition. The jacuzzi area was really nice and it had little seats carved into it, so you aren't sharing one long bench and they all face the same way, which is nice too, so you don't need to stare at other women while in there. My only gripe was the jets didn't work unless you pressed a button (outside of the jacuzzi). Well that kind of sucked because you get nice and comfy and then the jets turn off! You need to get out and turn them back on. Kind of ruins the mood a bit. I love the heated chairs oh my goodness. A huge wall behind it with the sound of waterfall as you read magazine or take a nap. There are also waterfall showers. I didn't use them, because I was so busy using everything in there. Finally it's my time to go to the waiting area inside the women's lounge to wait for my appointment. Assorted teas, trail mixes, and coffee are available. They should have some sort of fruity water in this area. They only had room temperature water bottles, hmm. The real WOW was once you enter to go the treatment rooms and that hall is breathtaking!! There is no way you cant feel relaxed at this point if you did not prior to this moment. The lighting is really serene. I enjoyed my facial, the therapist, the hot mitts on my hand, and my heated robe at the end of it all. I wish I just relaxed a little more instead of talking nonstop, bad habit. Locals discount now Mon-Thur 20% off. -1 star for :showers don't completely shut leaving about 6-8 inches of space that anyone who walks by can watch you shower-cucumbers all around jacuzzi area-trash left on some of the heated chairs never cleaned up during the whole time I was there-button to turn on jets is annoying because you need to keep pressing it after a few minutes I went during a quiet Sunday during dinner time. I am not sure it would be this empty during peak times. I enjoyed the little amount of people when I went. I think everyone deserves to go here at least once!
4	Very luxurious! Spent almost 4 hours here and felt so great afterwards. Kind of miffed they don't give hotel guests a discount though. I paid the full $40 for the day spa. The spa is gorgeous but I feel a bit snobby since my first experience was at Caesar's spa and nothing compares to that one! For one, there are only two rooms, a steam room and sauna. The steam room gets really hot, which I like. The sauna however is not as hot as it could be. The jacuzzis are great though - there are two large long ones with powerful jets to ease those aching joints. There is even a jet at your feet to relax after a night of dancing! I did the rejuvenating cycle 3 times - it is where you take a warm shower, go into the steam room, sauna, then do a cold plunge, go in the jacuzzi, do another cold plunge, and repeat. I loved the waterfall showers here! Something I haven't seen before. There is only one lounge area but there are two kinds of snacks, three kinds of teas (which were all delicious) and coffee. The is not a lot of space to do makeup since each locker room area only has two seats but since I went when it was not crowded, this was not a problem. Go here ONLY after you have gone to Qua, the spa at Caesar's. I will be back in Vegas this weekend to check out Canyon Ranch Spa at Venetian!
5	My husband spoiled me with an afternoon at the salon and spa at the Encore. From start to finish, it was so amazing!I started with a pedicure at the salon. The chairs faced a row of floor-to-ceiling windows, giving an incredible view of Vegas! My tech offered me a glass of champagne (it was 10am, but it's a $100 pedicure in Vegas--GO FOR IT!), and I graciously accepted.The actual pedicure was great. The water felt great, the products smelled yummy, and the foot/calf massage and moisturizing masque felt wonderful! Combined with 2 glasses of bubbles and an amazing view of the city, it was perfect. If you get a treatment at the salon, you get to enjoy the spa as well--it's a great deal since a day spa pass is $40 on its own, I believe.After my pedicure, I walked down the hall to the reception area of the spa. Try to take it all in! There is so much detail, so much luxurious, ornate decor, that I was overwhelmed with how beautiful it all was. And this was just the reception area--I hadn't even gone back yet! After check-in, I was brought back by a spa attendant who gave me a tour of the facility. While the attendant grabbed some slippers for me, I helped myself to some infused water from the drink station. Coffee and herbal teas were also available. I was then given a tour. There is one main hallway, and several rooms along the side. There are several locker areas, restrooms, private dressing area, a sauna, showers, and plenty of bottled water, iced towels, and cucumbers along the way. At the end of the hallway is a large wet area with two long jacuzzis with carved seats (no awkward eye contact with others, lol), cold plunge pool, a room with waterfall showers, and a row of heated stone seats. I had to get ready for my massage so I only had a quick peak at everything.After changing into my cushy robe, I went to the Relaxation Area where you wait for your treatment. Plush couches, low lighting, and another drink/snack station. I only waited a couple of minutes before my therapist came for me. The walk down the hallway to the treatment rooms is INSANE. Breathtakingly jaw-dropping. It's a moment in time you won't forget! Take it all in!!My massage was unreal. My therapist was so therapeutic, in addition to being relaxing. It was so worth every penny! She worked on an old neck injury I had, and even showed me some stretching techniques I could do at home to help.After the massage, I was walked back out to the spa, and had the rest of the day to enjoy the facility. After trying out everything, I was ready for a real nap (or a Vodka Red Bull! Lol), so I got dressed to leave. They have shower amenities like shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, razors, shaving cream, mouthwash, and hair accessories if you choose to get ready here. But, I opted to head back to my room, and was reminded that I could come back anytime I wanted to for the rest of the day! It's a splurge, but totally worth it! Do it!!
4	Wow!! In one word it's the best spa in vegas!! I was there in my birthday it's was Amizing !!Me and my friend had so much fun at the spa .. We just love that !!
5	Loved it! Went here on a Sunday a.m. And took full advantage of the heated chairs, whirlpool, sauna, rainshower and steam room before my treatment. Had the Bacial and it was very nice. Smelled wonderful everywhere. I would do this every year on race day :)
4	Was hoping for 5 stars, but they didn't have a pool or any good snacks compared to other spas... the facilities were very nice and my massage was quite luxurious... very expensive and small place, but worth it for one time...
5	BEST spa I have ever been to hands down! If you want to relax this is the perfect get away from a hectic Vegas trip. Staff are very friendly and informative if you need anything. Such a clean beautiful environment, very European style spa with a south Asian theme. There is a sauna, steam room, one small cold pool and two heated pools. By the pools there are heated lounge chairs and 5 types of waterfall showers you can enjoy after your dip in the pool. There are also over 10 private showers you can use in the facility. I get a 50 min fusion massage usually and every masseuse I've had have been amazing and professional. There is a relaxation waiting room before you get your treatments with some refreshments (try the coconut cashew mix, it's AMAZING!) best place ever, when I think of heaven this Spa comes closest :)
5	This is an amazingly beautiful, luxurious spa that is dedicated to pampering you and making you feel special.  Let's face it, once you've decided to get a massage in Vegas, you're already paying more than what you normally would at home -- and then once you compare prices, you're going to see that the Encore may be a premium, but it's not much more than other places and you get so much more.  It's worth it!!!There are four Jacuzzis -- two are hot while the others are for cold plunges, but the hot ones are big enough to accommodate quite a few people comfortably (I can't stand spas where only four people can fit or else you're on top of each other).  There's also a sauna and steam room to spend your time in. You are also getting the extra amenities -- like bottled water everywhere, cold face clothes with cucumber, and every type of toiletry you'd need to shower and get ready to go out afterward (except your own makeup).I got a Blended Fusion 80 min. massage and it was easily one of the best I've ever had -- four others went and we all felt the same way.  Everyone was in bliss and we'd just wished we'd planned out even more time to spend in the facilities (we spent about 90 min. on top of the massage, before and after).  We also came on a Monday, which was cheaper and much less crowded.The only down side is that it is a split gender facility, so if you come with the opposite sex, you're on your own the entire time.
5	Everything has pretty much been said about this spa. And it's all true....it's beautiful!! I've been to Korean spas in CA, Burke Williams, hotel spas, etc. This spa, and Qua at Caesars are def in the top 3. I came here Memorial weekend, and I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't that busy at all. That's how I like to enjoy spas....which is one reason I wasn't crazy to go back to Qua this weekend....I went two weekends ago on a non holiday/Sunday, and there were people everywhere in the spa. The stone chairs were all taken and everyone had to wait their turns for them. I do wish Encore spa had a few more refreshments, snacks, and drinks around the place. They mostly have room temp bottles of water everywhere. The treatment I got was a 80 minute blended fusion massage and scalp enhancement. One of the best massages ever!!! During the massage, I immediately regretted not getting a 100 minute one instead. Amazing massage and amazing facility. Will def return next Vegas trip.
5	Utmost luxurious spa I've ever experienced. Just being there made me feel so relaxed and happy. I loved everything about this spa. The massage therapist was amazing!! I had Lisa and I can't say how perfect she was. Ive had my experience in some one the top notch spas in Beverly Hills and this place is nothing in comparison. Only wish it was closer to home so that I can be a regular. The facilities are clean and nice. Love how the showers are in it's own seclusive place. The details are impeccable. Must experience for anyone in town. Plus so worth the price! In comparison to Qua Bath at Caesars ( which was my go to spa) wish there were more amenities like Qua and the tea service at Qua is amazing. Both spas are really good but I definitely in love with this spa!!!!!
5	Make sure to request only Skin Authority products! This is the absolute best line. I can't find it in my home state so, I have this facial here whenever possible. #MissUnitedStates
3	The spa is pretty. Yes it is. Filled with alot of buddhas and birds chirping throughout the spa.  When we arrived, it was a little strange. I expected them to ask us to fill out paperwork regarding health conditions etc. All they did was ask for us to pay them first. We whipped out our ids because everywhere else, they ask you for that. They didn't want anything except for their payment up front. It was the last day of our trip. So I go set up with my locker and sat down to wait for my masseuse. When he came out, he wasn't super friendly but just wanted to get the job done. I usually act that way too. I don't talk alot during my massages but I expected my masseuse to at least be friendly. He talked the least amount possible and that was fine. His massage work was good but it was not exceptional. Certainly not worth $170. I picked this spa because of all the spectacular yelp reviews. I thought it had to be THE BEST. It was good not but not the best. I had the whirlpools to myself which was nice even though I brought a swimsuit anyway. The waterfall showers were also nice. I did not even attempt to use the steam room as Las Vegas is hot enough for me. No real good snacks either. Just trail mix, or nuts with wasabi peas and tea, coffee and water. The showers were clean and there weren't alot of other guests which makes it nice. But I still like Mandalay Bay the best.
5	Totally amazing spa.  I'm a spa junkie and this place is unbelievable! Treatments are great, staff is friendly and honest, very clean and not to mention beautiful.  Plan to stay awhile and get comfortable.  Only 5 diamond rated spa in the US I believe.
5	I just got back from a weekend visit to the Wynn/Encore. While visiting, I had the luxury of getting a 50 minute signature massage at the Encore Spa. It was hands down the most amazing massage I have ever had.I have been to quite a few high-end spas, but this one was breathtakingly gorgeous and the service was impeccable.  My massage therapist was named Lori. I am going back to Vegas in October and will be visiting her again. She listed to my requests on where to focus and I left feeling like a princess. I can't say enough good things about this spa.
4	Thanks to all the fantastic Yelp reviews, I added this spa to my Vegas itinerary this past week. I'd visited Qua the previous day, and walked about a mile up the strip to get to Encore and buy a day pass* (see comments at bottom of review-- basically, day pass is supposed to be available only for hotel guests). From the moment you step into it, this spa is extremely luxurious. If you want to feel that you are living the life of the 1%, you have come to the right place. The robes are nicer. The tea bags are silkier. The air smells fancier. The magazines in the lounge are the ones you would read if you were not a person who frantically flips through US in the checkout line to learn whether Kim Kardashian is in fact getting a divorce. The bathroom has striped curtains on either side of it, held back by tassels and large seashells, because on this day you are a woman whose life looks like a Vogue spread even when she is on the way to the toilet.At the very back of the spa is the room holding two large heated tubs, two cold plunges, the waterfall and "experience showers" (I'll get to those), heated lounges, and two statues of Kwan Yin framed by iridescent pearls. This facility is beautiful. The 80-degree cold plunge is a very nice touch. I've gone to many spas in numerous states, including several Korean spas, and only the bravest among us actually use the cold plunges (read: not me). But this one was pleasant, like a lake on a spring day, and I could step all the way into it up to the waist. The heated lounges are nice-- about the same as the ones at Qua, which is to say mildly warm. Just outside this room there is a eucalyptus-scented steam room as well as the prettiest dry sauna I have ever seen. It's really lovely, with a lot of stone and reclaimed wood.The facilities, though, have a few shortcomings. I'm saying these things not to criticize, but to help you figure out which of the numerous excellent Vegas spas you'd prefer to spend your time at. For one thing, the two hot pools are identical in every way-- setup, temperature, jets. This means that while the room gives the appearance of four pools to use, it's actually three, only one of which is hot/warm. By contrast, Qua has three hot/warm pools of different temperatures plus a cold plunge. Also, you can turn on the jets for the hot pool, but this causes a *lot* of foam to suddenly build up. I found that unpleasant enough to not press that button twice.The "experience showers" were the main reason I visited this spa. It isn't the spa's fault what fantasies I had conjured in my head, but the reality of these showers wasn't very impressive. They're a little complicated to set up, and then they're not much different at all from the spa showers either near the dressing rooms either here or at Qua. The light color changes above you; that's about it. There *is* a "deluge shower" that will pour a waterfall over your head or shoulders for two minutes, and that's pretty nice if you stave off the guilty feelings about your water usage. And then, the dressing room showers. It's a separate room, but I'm referring to the "get clean" ones rather than the "spa experience" ones. They barely get warm. It's kind of ridiculous. I walked all over the spa in a towel for several minutes before I finally found a staff member, and I asked her why the shower wouldn't heat up. She came over, fidgeted with it, then gave me a funny look and said, "It's warm. See? It's warm right now." Well, barely-- I won't be shivering, but that's not usually even close to what I think of as "shower temperature." Boo hoo, I know, but after an experience this relaxing, nobody wants to be frustrated at the very end.Overall, the best thing about this spa was the sheer luxury of it. Even with just a day pass and no specific treatment, you feel pampered and swathed in luxury. I do think Qua has the advantage in terms of its saunas and pools, and service is more attentive there, but I appreciated the loveliness of this environment and how peaceful it was.From the top: *When I arrived, I was dismayed to be told that day passes are only available to guests of the hotel. I sorta gave the guy a hard time about that, saying I hadn't seen that mentioned on Yelp and that I'd made a special trip because I'd heard such good things about the facility (I'd also checked the website and saw nothing about this). He relented and let me in for the $40 fee, which was nice of him. But I double-checked the website once I got home, and indeed it says nothing about day passes only being available to guests of the hotel. If they want that to be a policy, they really should mention it
5	The greatest pleasure I take in Vegas is the spa. The encore spa does not disappoint. I have been to the wynn spa so I know the level of pampering to expect. First of all, no issues booking appt which was great. Very helpful staff during my entire experience. Booked the last appt of the day at 7pm do they gave us passes to enjoy the spa facilities the next day. Very happy with that. Really loved the amenities. The waterfall showers have an electronic key pad, very cool to customize your waterfall experience! Loved the heated stone seats. I melted laying there in ultimate relaxation. I also took advantage of the steam room and wore cucumbers over my eyes in the sauna. I thought that was a nice touch. I had the signature massage and got it deep tissue. Tatiana was amazing. Very close to a tui na massage as she really applied tremendous pressure to alleviate the tightness in my shoulders and neck. Not a relaxing massage and actually quite painful but that's what it takes to align my body, so be it. It's definitely not for the faint as they work you. Hubby got deep tissue and he said the same thing but felt amazing afterwards. For the ultimate pampering experience, you have to come to the encore spa! I highly recommend!!!
4	A wonderful aromatherapy treatment with scalp enhancement has prepared me well for my last night in Vegas. I had a male therapist and he was amazing! The spa is beautiful and comfortable but not as quiet in the common areas as others I have visited, which is the only reason I don't give them five stars. (I'm a lone spa-goer so enjoy the peace and quiet.) There are heated stone lounges that were a great start and the rainwater showers - spectacular!
5	I was unable to take advantage of the spa amenities like so many others had here, due to time restraints (which is a shame as you get a free spa pass with a salon booking), but I did have the pleasure of visiting the salon. What an experience! I was first given my first of two complimentary mimosas by the posh receptionist while I waited --very needed on my wedding day! I came to have my hair and make-up done for my wedding and I was given so many compliments! I told my makeup artist (I think her name was Jennifer) the look I was going for and she pulled it off without a hitch! I got the wedding make-up package with airbrushing and the final look was light and flawless. She was done in about a half hour and then I was sent to my hairdresser (sorry I can't remember her name). We had a little trouble getting the exact look at first but after a couple extra curls and a little teasing, it all fell into place. She did a phenomenal job as well and also finished in about a half hour. In fact, she was so pleased with the results, she snapped a couple of pictures! I definitely enjoyed the pampering at the salon and will definitely return on my next visit-- hopefully to try the spa next time too!
4	There were no issues with booking it. The ambiance is mind blowing. You walk in and feel like the royalty you are. I loved the tranquility room and the waterfall shower. The massage was lackluster to be nice. I enjoyed the facilities. I wish I would have chose a facial instead.
