4	OMG, this place was yummy!  I had a sausage and mushroom pizza - it came Chicago style the crust was that perfect combination of soft by crispy!  Surprisingly enough, this was the best place I ate on this Vegas trip, def stop by on your way back from the pool!
5	While staying at the MGM Grand, my girls and I ate here two days in a row. So good! I had their cheeseburger and Meditteranean salad. Delicious! The salad was better than the burger though, but the fries with the burger were delicious. It's located in the pool area and I'm not sure if you need to be a guest there to get in. The service is okay though, but they are really bad a refilling waters. I'd highly recommend checking Cabana Grill out when staying at the MGM. I think all the food was under $20 during lunch, so it's not bad in Vegas terms.
4	Swimming makes you hungry, doesn't it? The Cabana Grill will cure your food fix. This place is located in the MGM Grand Pool area. Prices average about $10-15 a person. Which is fair considering it Vegas, and in the pool area, where its the only restaurant in site. Unless you want to leave the pool area. I don't think outside food is permitted, but I'm not to sure. The sandwiches must of had about a pound of meat! Really, insane amounts of meat. I had the grilled ham and Swiss burger, which came with fries and a pickle. I only ended up eat half the burger, cause it was so massive. Remember what your parents told you, "wait an hour after you eat, before getting in the pool". After the massive burger I felt like an anchor in the pool! LOL! Some of my other buddies ordered the cabana dog, which was also massive, looked like a foot long dog. And the bucket of nachos...it was literally a big "bucket" full of nachos! Overall good food and convenient if you've been floating in the lazy river all day and get hungry!
2	Located in the MGM Grand outside by the pool, we figured we'd eat this before going into the pool.  I know you're not supposed to go into the pool right after you eat, but hey, it's Vegas.I had the chicken strips which came with 4 big pieces of chicken and a bucket of seasoned crisscut fries.  Tasted good and there was a lot of it.The grilled cheese sandwiches were a different story.  Two sandwiches came out with the cheese barely melted.  Thats not grilled cheese in my book.   Also one sandwich was missing the fries it was supposed to come with.  So it took a while to get that straightened out.The frozen drinks were not that great either and kind of expensive, $20 dollars each. Considering that the service wasn't very good, it was annoying that the bill had already added in the tip for a group of 4 people.
4	This place isn't cheap, but it's not too expensive either due to the large portions.I ordered the vegetarian omelet for breakfast on my most recent Vegas trip and I was very satisfied. The omelet was large enough for two people and came with hash browns. The service wasn't bad either. I came back for lunch with my boyfriend and he ordered a chicken cob sandwich. The sandwich was also large and came with a pile of criss-cut fries and a pickle. The service wasn't as good as my breakfast experience, because there was some seating assignment confusion. Three waiters passed our table and never asked our order. After 15 minutes of waiting, we asked the hostess stand (which we were seated adjacent to) where our waiter was, and then our order was promptly taken.If you're tired of fast food but don't want to drop $25 on a meal, then give this place a shot. You'll get a lot of good quality food for about $13 a person.
4	Chicken cobb pool-sideSprouts, avocado, so good!Six dollar Cokes - bargain?
4	Poolside bar with a few appetizers and a limited menu.  You pay a premium for being outside and near a resort pool.  Today the pool scenery was limited.  The hummus appetizer was excellent, wine and cock  tails were 50 percent more than other bars in the resort.
1	Had the chicken tenders and they were very mediocre. I had them two years ago and they were amazing. They definitely changed them for the extreme worse. The fries used to be waffle fries and now they are terrible raw fries. The chicken used to be fresh now they seem like they were microwaved and really very poor. I came to MGM for the cabana grill and now I'm soured on the whole hotel. Fix the cabana. For the love of god fix it.
1	Horrible. Had the burger, fries and hot dog. Couldn't even eat the hotdog, smelled like it was the epitome of food borne illness. Fries were passable, burger was as dry and tactless as the desert itself. Would not go back, even if I was starving poolside. MGM should be ashamed, especially when there's quality pub food just inside at Wolfgang pucks.
2	I was disappointed to stay at MGM, where I planned to spend every day and all day at the pools, and find out that they do not have poolside food service via waitress. Most hotels on the strip do. The fact that MGM didn't was impeding on my time in the sun and taking away from my 8am efforts to grab the first and best pool-side chairs that I'd potentially lose by leaving for lunch. The only option is the to-go portion of Cabana grill which is a very limited menu and quite heavy fare for pool-side. I would have preferred a healthier lighter selection.
5	I had the nachos and OMG THEY WERE TO DIE FOR. I am still having dreams about them..lol. And its a HUGE portion too...so worth it!
4	Yummy breakfast before going to our cabana. crunch french toast is a must!
3	I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars on this one. The Cabana Grill is an open air restaurant in the Grand Pool Complex at the MGM really more like a cafe in style. You need to be a hotel guest to get through the entry that leads to the cafe. The seating area is covered from the sun - thank God! The staff were all friendly and nice. Everything came really quickly and was quite tasty. I had the Breakfast Sandwich minus the bacon and my b/f had a Shrimp cocktail and Greek salad. Of all the places to eat around the pool this was the best option for us as we didn't want "fast pool cabana type food".
3	We arrived here for breakfast with the family. All of us had ordered a breakfast burrito and coffee. When our burrito arrived, it was cold! We ate it regardless but had to ask the waiter on why it had arrived cold. She later found out the kitchen had forgot to turn on the stove all the way? Made no sense but moving on...
4	The Cabana Grill is located poolside the MGM Grand Pool.  If you choose to "dine in" they have an outdoor area that is separated specifically for restaurant patrons.  This area has fans blowing and mist machines going to keep you cool in the intense heat.  There is also a self serve area where you can go up to a counter and order the same food and either take back to your room or eat in a shaded area with outdoor tables and benches.  I came here twice and participated in both options.  The dining in experience was nice and relaxing.  You are able to get a nice lunch while also taking in the poolside atmosphere.  I had the club sandwich and it was huge!  The fries were amaze balls as well.  I was completely stuffed after this meal which rarely happens for me.  Prices were relatively inexpensive.  A cheap lunch could run you from $10-20.  They do serve alcohol hear, as they do at almost every establishment in Vegas.  I also had the pizza from here to go and this was not as good.  Though it is cheaper to grab your food on the go it is much more of a pleasant experience when you are seated and dining under the fans.  The slice of pizza was just average and it was $8.  For a dollar or so less I could have went to Bonanno's in the food court.  The fries on the go option was nice though.Cabana Grill is the only but a good poolside option.
4	We ate here 3 times on our recent stay at the MGM. Great location overlooking the pool area.  Most of it is in the shade which feels excellent with a few misters on the sides.  We took breaks from the pool, on two days, and it was nice to cool off int he shade before hitting the pool area again.  We had excellent service each time. We came for lunch but I had breakfast foods and it was perfect. Also, I eat gluten free and they have gluten free bread. This is huge for us GF eaters. You thus can get burgers, toast, etc.....  Really improves things to have the GF bread. They actually have a separate GF menu at the grill with a ton of items like fish tacos among other good sounding things.   I had bacon, eggs and GF bread and it was tasty!  Our service was very good. Two of the days our waitress was excellent. I feel so bad I forgot her name. Aylani!?  Top notch. She won't be a waitress for long. She will be in management I am sure.  Also, the busboy, Gino (I think it was) was excellent.  Kept filling those drinks and you need that water on the hot days!  Oh ya, I noticed the last time there that it was $6 for my iced tea. Ahhhhh, hello, that was not a Long Island Iced Tea so what gives!?  Other than that prices seemed very reasonable for a hotel. We will be back but might drink water next time!
