1	Do not shop here. You will regret it .Absolutely horrible! 15 day return policy is bogus. Tried to return a hat two days after I bought it because it shrunk which they said it wouldn't. They say that since I wore the hat it was not returnable. Which means they don't return anything. The two kids that run the shop don't k ow what manners are either because they were so rude.
4	In the last week, I've been to 3 different Sideline Sports.  I've been to the North Decatur location, Boca Park's, and this one.  Out of the 3, this has to be the best. Best in terms of size of the location, selection, cleanliness, and staff.  When I comes to searching for your favorite team gear or shopping for Christmas presents, value and selection is a must.  When it comes to prices, Sideline Sports is about average with the rest of the sport shops.  When it comes to selection, this specific Sideline Sports has it all.  I initially came here looking for a few Christmas gifts for friends and family.  I ended up buying most things for myself.  Christmas is about giving.  And sometimes I will not hesitate to give to myself.  I'm huge on customer service and this one doesn't disappoint.  My most recent visit was 5 minutes before closing.  I expected to find that one thing for my brother-in-law and ended up spending an additional 15 minutes shopping for myself.  The staff never rushed me out and even took the extra time to help me find what I was looking for.  Overall 4 stars for service and selection.  I will definitely be back very soon.
1	If I could give NEGATIVE stars, I would!!!  I have been a long time customer and brought in a friend for the first time. My friend and I made purchases and she attempted to make a return of one of her purchases the same week....and was met with the WORST experience I have ever had as a customer in ANY store. The "manager" Chris got mouthy with me and with my friend. He told me that although his return and store policy sign ADMITS that they have the right to alter their store policy, he explained, "that only means I can alter it for OUR benefit"!!!  REALLY???  So you are outwardly telling me that you don't care at all about mine or my friend's business??  Yes, he did say that. And here I have been a LOYAL customer...myself, my husband, my in-laws, my folks and my extended family...and now, all in the name of 100 dollars, this store chose to be nasty and refuse a return with tags on it and a receipt. BUYER BEWARE...THEY ADMIT TO YOUR FACE THAT THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS!!!  I'm SOOO very disappointed...but Amazon here we all come!!!  Way better customer service and a WAY better attitude!!!
5	If I had to describe Sideline Sports in 2 words both words would be majestic.I'm not one to praise or bash stores on the internet, I normally have a lot better things to do with my time. Although this time I had to share my feelings towards this amazing retail location. I would give it 10 stars if I could.It's the greatest place in the history of this world and possibly other worlds. God bless america and god bless sideline sports
4	I love this place.  New Era hats are buy one get one 50% off.  Jackets, pullovers, hoodies are 20% off.  Prices are very competitive, and the employees are friendly, and helpful.  No other sports apparrel retailer anywhere can offer such great deals on New Era, Nike, and Addidas.   The only downside that I see is that they don't have a huge selection, and are limited on sizes.
5	Great products they have EVERY team. The guys that work their are great and helped me find what I needed and were very knowledgable. I will for sure be back here to get some stuff for my favorite teams!
4	What a great store!  They have all the teams, and a huge selection of merchandise.  They were the only place in town that had Spurs championship gear!  Their prices are comparable to other sports stores or ordering merchandise on line.  The employees seem helpful and friendly.  My biggest beef is I live in the Henderson area.  Both of their stores are in the far Northwest part of town (they have another smaller store on North Decatur, near 215).  They could use a store in the Henderson area.  The Galleria has a couple of sports stores in it, but they don't compare to this place.
4	I'm a day one Texans Fan that moved here to LV. I appreciate that this store carries my team in most of the products here. I understand that we still have to "shock" the world to gain some respect for stores to stock more Texans gear (we will). I appreciate that they carry every team so there Is no way that you should be walking out of here without purchasing anything. Great store for the dudes. I also bought my girlfriend some stuff here too.
1	I always shopped at this store when it was in Boca park, so when i found out that one was closing and i'd have to go to the Centennial Hills location I was a bit annoyed bc its kinda far away... Last week i wanted to pick up a football jersey and a few hats so i thought i'd drive out to that location.  I wanted to try on a jersey and the guy acted like he was annoyed.... whatever i got over it...  I ended up buying myself and my fiance hats and a few other things with our hometown decal on it... I did ask the guy that was working if i would be able to return the hat if it didn't fit my fiance he said yeah no problem. Ends up the hat didn't fit so i just took it back today a week later bc today is my day off, anyways i go in and tell the guy i want to return the hat bc it didn't fit.... He starts huffing and puffing and gets an attitude right away. I say "what's wrong?" he starts to get loud and says UGHHHHHH this hat has been worn... I say NO IT HASNT he tried it on and thats it... So he goes on and on about how he's still going to return it for me even though ITS BEEN WORN saying over and over again and being a TOTAL DICK... if your going to return something for a customer don't be rude to them JUST RETURN IT YOU DICK!!! You just lost a good customer who always shopped at your store instead of going to a huge corporate store like champs or Lids...
