3	I was craving some mexican food the other day & went to Roberto's which is now called Laurita's. I go inside and it smells spicy! Yum! Order up a chimichanga plate with an extra side of rice. Got it home and it was HUGE. It seriously took me 3 days to eat this thing.I dont usually eat much ethnic food but I have to say this was not bad..it was not the best I ever ate but is sure beats Taco Bell. LOL
5	Went today and had a bean and cheese burrito. It was really good. Better than Fausto's and Roberto's. Plus the place smelled and looked clean. Can't wait to go back to try the huevos rancheros and flautas!
3	One step above Taco Bell and Del Taco, but not a sit down style restaurant. When looking for cheap, greasy eats at 2am in the morning, this joint hits the spots. I am not sure what the difference is between Laurita's and Roberto's, because it all taste the same and I do not mean that in a bad way. The rolled tacos smothered in guacamole never fails to satisfy and for five dollars, it is affordable. Add another dollar to make it a combo with a drink. The salsas do not have a distinct flavor, but the pickled vegetables are delicious.
4	After pondering whether to go to Roberto's or try out Laurita's my wife and I finally landed on trying a new hole in the wall. We were very happy with the results. If you've read my Mexican Food reviews in the past you will know that the key to my heart is through a bean & cheese burrito. Something so simple can often times go so bad. It's a travesty really. I wasn't sure what to expect from Laurita's. The establishment itself used to be a Roberto's and still sports some of the old Roberto's attire. Fortunately, their bean burrito isn't anything like Roberto's. They have numerous specials at ridonkulously cheap prices. A coke, bean & cheese burrito, and a churro for the mere price of $3.99. Holy guacamole is that cheap! The beans are very good, the burritto could have used some extra cheese (since I did pay for extra cheese). The beans were piping hot and the burrito was massive. I could barely finish it. Top it off with a churro that was just a notch below a Disneyland churro and now we're talking a good meal. My wife had the wet bean & cheese burrito. She definitely liked it, personally I didn't care for the enchilada sauce (I prefer more of the cherry red colored sauce, this one was a little darker - but not bad according to her). The service was surprisingly good. Can't say I've had too much good service at Taco Shops, but the gentleman running the register, filling drinks, and providing refills was exceptionally friendly. Much appreciated! I'll definitely be back to burrito it up at Laurita's.
4	I really like this place!  The food is so good and fast.  I think the longest we've waited is about 10 minutes to get our food...I would strongly suggest the carne asada plate.  Awesome meat!  There is guacamole on the side, along with rice, beans, and tortillas.  Can't go wrong!  It's kind of a random location off of Maryland and Pebble...just look right behind/next to the Shell Station and you'll see it.
4	Like Roberto's, but better food!  Best chile relleno I've had since L.A. 20 years ago.  They get horchata right too:  Not too watery.  It might seem silly, but more than half the time I've been to Roberto's the horchata is too watered down.   Great hot sauces at the sauce and vegetable bar.  Beef burritos have lots of onions and green pepper --  I like them that way, but if you don't,  then you'll probably want them to hold the peppers and/or onions.  Counter s staff are always friendly and helpful, unlike Roberto's.  There's a reason every time I come in here there's always locals ordering.  They do a taco shop the way it ought to be done!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!  The food is always amazing, and hot and super yummy!  I've visited this establishment multiple times at different hours of the day and have always had amazing service and amazing food!  This is my go to place for mexican food!!  hands down in looooooove!
1	Horrible food! They reheat their meats by adding oil. The guy at the counter never said hello, thank you or smiled once. After we sat down the guy at the counter and one of the guys in the back started wrestling around on the floor. A la lucha libre. The salsa bar was nasty and dirty.Super burrito is so much better.
4	Really good taco shop for Las Vegas standards (obviously not as good as a San Diego taco shop).  Open 24 hours.I had a quesadilla and 5 rolled tacos.  Food was cooked up really really quick.  Tables inside are clean.The quesadilla was very cheesy and very buttery.  Delicious.  Tortilla was a tad bit rubbery, but not nearly as bad as most taco shops around town.The rolled tacos were great.  A bit big too.  They were crispy without being overcooked.  Guacamole was slightly above average.
4	Love this place. Like a Roberto's, but a bit more personable (and it's close to my house). They'll make a costumized breakfast burrito and I can call it in. It'd get 5 stars if they had fresh brewed iced tea...
4	Anything with El Pastor (super flavorful pork) is crazy good here! Open 24 hours is a major plus! Service is great even at 3am. I do find my self adding salt to anything with asada here
2	I have only had the Breakfast Burrito. It was below average. it had very little taste was greasy and the potatoes they put in it were almost mashed. I will give them another shot cause they are close to my house but with so many options in the area I don't think they will make they cut.
4	Use to be a roberto's, but now they ae much cleaner and the food seems to be much better.  Friendly people and fast service.
4	I tried this place out today when I was looking for a cheap, quick Mexican joint and it was actually pretty damn good. I had the El Pastor Plate ($7.50), which usually comes with rice, beans, lettuce and tortillas, but I opted to go without the beans or lettuce. The meat was very juicy with a fantastic flavor, as was the rice. The tortilla was piping hot and I made myself some nice miniature tacos.I also ordered a side of chips ($1) and tried out one of the salsas. Whichever one I picked was delicious. It was the red one that didn't have seeds in it. The perfect amount of spice without being so hot that there's no flavor.I would definitely say I enjoyed this place far more than Don Tortaco, Roberto's, Fillipito's, Tacos El Gordo, Tacos Mexico...the list goes on and on. Definitely my favorite taco shop.
5	After trying Roberto's many times and liking it, we discovered Laurita's...it's less than 5 mins from our house.  We are HOOKED on the Carne Asada Burritos...absolutely the best we've tasted since moving here from So Cal 6 yrs ago.  The meat is so tasty, the guacamole fresh and just the right amount of pico de gallo.  The tortilla is thin, like we like it...and it never falls apart.  The salsa's at the salsa bars are fresh, you can tell they replenish them often.  Such a simple, totally yummy burrito..we go often, probably too often and hardly ever want to try anything else.
4	It's pretty much Roberto's without the convenience of the drive thru. We Yelped other Mexican places and came across Laurita's.My husband had a Carnita's Tacos plate and I just had cheese with tortilla chips. I know boring but I ate waaay too much in Vegas and I just wanted a snack. My husband said he prefers the beans at Roberto's. The cleanliness was meh but heck it is cheap and a little hole in the wall. Tacos were good and prices were decent.Nice little change from Roberto's.
3	I classify this type of Mexican spots by my level of soberness or drunkness however you rather call it my party people. Laurita is on the "damn im drunk and need food asap" category.. Not as low as robertos " FOOD NOW cause regardless im gonna vomit it" category but down there. And its not a bad thing trust me ..its just not the food for me.Their portions are big and generous but not high on quality. But we both know that this place is not aiming for 5 stars..The "damn im drunk and need to eat asap" crowd usually shows up late and they love it. But for me, that rather enjoy a little more quality ..its just okThe flavor is decent. Its not bad at all , but sometimes its greasy and just kinda have that industrially line cooked kinda flavor but for the price you cant complain. It is a good choice when either your liver is crying for food or when your pocket is thin.The location is very centric and clean. Food comes fast and their menu is extensive giving you almost innumerable amounts of combos!. To top this their prices are great . Inexpensive and a lot of food is what some people look for and at Lauritas you can find it.
5	If you want a great deal, and BEST authentic Mexican food Laurita's is where you need to eat. It is quick, it is good, it is worth more than they charge.
3	Seems like a carbon copy of Roberto's or Don Tortaco. Cheap, tasty mexican food. I would give it more stars IF there was ever a clean table in the place. Seems like everytime I go in there is crumbled up taco all over the table or seats. I also wish that their enchilada sauce had a little more pep in its step and the cheese on the inside was actually melted. You can't go wrong with chicken tacos or rolled tacos tho! Summer yummy.
3	My husband and I were looking for mexican food outside of the Las Vegas strip. We are from San Diego county, land of the taco shop on almost every corner. We have plenty of Roberto's taco shops, so we wanted to try something new. Our GPS found this one close to the area we were driving so we gave it a chance. The food was good, I had a California Burrito and he had the Carne Asada Burrito. The meat was seasoned appropriately and the portions were a good size. The only thing that lost it for me was their aguas. (jamaica, tamarindo, orchata) Most people don't care about the kind of drink they buy with their meal. But I do. I don't care for that Ole brand of aguas, but I rather drink that than soda. I ordered their version of Jamaica and the water had a very gross taste to it. Not sure if they have cleaned their fountain drink filters lately. But I was turned off by the taste of the drink. It tasted like the water was stale and if a goat bathed in it.I did like the food overall, & next time I'll just order a soda and deal it with it.I am not sure how the Las vegas version of Roberto's is but we may try that place next time.
5	This place has never let me down. the food is fresh and quick. I usually order the California burrito but last time i ordered the three tacos and chips. Still delicious, inexpensive AND open 24/7.
5	Love this place, better than Robertos!I love everything.  The workers are friendly, there jalapenos and carrot mix is the bomb.com!
5	The BEST Mexican food I have had yet in Las Vegas! I had a tamale and the rolled tacos.The tamale came dressed up with sauce, cheese, tomato and other goodies! Very yummy! The rolled tacos were also very delicious and filling!Would totally come back again!
4	This is definitely one of my favorite late night, bad decision dining choices. I love the rolled beef tacos smothered in guacamole and cheese. Carne Asada tacos or tostada. The carne Asada nachos are awesome, but you need someone to share them. The green sauce salsa is my favorite. I could almost drink it. I eat here often enough but I never really thought about writing a review. I mean everyone knows what they are getting with a place like this, but the last time I was there, I changed my mind. The counter guy seriously washed his hands at least 3 times while I was there. I was the only customer. I was very impressed with this excellent display of good sanitation. He washed his hands before he took my order, after he took my order and again before he handed me my food. Cleanliness like this really makes me confident in a place.
4	Whenever I get those late night cravings or after a night of drinking, my boyfriend and I always come here for some good food. The interior is small, but from what I've seen, it's always been clean. The staff is friendly and food comes out quick. I always get the carne asada nachos and I have never been disappointed. Don't forget to grab some pickled jalapenos and carrots, they're always fresh and crunchy. Laurita's beats Roberto's, hands down.
4	great food and fast ,and cheap
4	Not bad.  Any time of day or night get some pretty good Mexican food, good size portions for a good price.  Save your calories for this place.  The taste is good, too!
1	Freaking terrible!!! I asked for the hard shell tacos with fish, and the guy just said no, even though they do have the hard shells for chicken!Way overpriced, it wasn't even really good, and on top of it all I realized at home that they didn't even give me the whole order!Never again.
5	Solid food, quick prep, but more importantly they have avocado sauce. My childhood taco shop in LA had it, but they folded years ago, I have been searching for a place that has solid burritos and the special green sauce in Vegas. Lauritas is it. Good quick and cheap.
4	Laurita's is way better than any of the Roberto's I've been too. Very authentic. Homemade everything. They have so much on the menu I haven't been able to try them all. Tacos and burritos are always great. Also with it being open 24 hours - huge plus for me and my crazy hours. I had a Carne Asada super burrito and loved it. The salsa was on point. Definitely going back!
1	I don't know if the fact I was sober, or read previous reviews caused my visit to Laurita's to be so disappointing.I was hungry, craving enchiladas, driving around aimlessly, we checked Yelp and decided to try Laurita's, after reading all of the reviews about their "cheap, amazing food."Looking at the menu, the "cheap" part of the reviews was instantly disproved. Figuring we were hungry, there already, and willing to try it, we went ahead and ordered. My wife's order went through pretty much without a hitch. I tried ordering my food, then asked a question about how much a side of rice was. The cashier's mind went on the fritz and couldn't grasp that I wanted two plates of food and a side of rice. She kept asking questions in a circular conversation. I had to just walk away.My wife attempted to pay with her card. Their machine asked them to input the last four digits of the card. What did they input? Nearly every combination BUT the last four. I will explain. Let's say this is the card #: ABCD EFGHIJ KLMNOThey entered KLMN (three times).They entered the four digit security code onceThey also entered IJKL, JKLM and perhaps even GHIJ.This should have been a major red flag. If you can't count to four, how can you properly prepare our food?Our food was brought out, and I attacked it with the fervor of a cheetah on an African savannah, Impala in it's grasp.Once more, the Disappointment-O-Meter jumped through the roof. When I order cheese enchiladas, I would like cheese enchiladas; not, shredded cheese wrapped in a corn tortilla, drenched in sauce, and with a splash of melted cheese on the top. If I wanted to eat a tortilla filled with cold, shredded cheese, I don't need to pay $2.50 each for that.The chicken enchilada was a little better, however, after such a weak offering in the cheese enchilada arena, Laurita would need to have served me a mind blowing pair of chicken enchiladas to make up for it. Their food was mediocre at best. I can see how drunk people may think it is amazing. Then again, you could feed some Vegas drunks from a dumpster and get the same reaction.If you want overpriced, bad, undercooked food, with extreme frustration when attempting to order and pay, go to Laurita's.
1	This place is AWFUL. They never get your order right and last time I was there they tried to tell me it was $27 for 12 rolled tacos. You've got to be kidding me. They charge extra for everything and their hot sauce bar is disgusting. Not even drunk food worthy.
3	This my first review, but have eaten here before. Stay away from the nachos, all they do is melt cheddar cheese over chips so, when the chips and cheese get hard they get stuck together and cheese is soon oily. The Chicken Chimichanga is very good. yummy with sour cream of course. Going to try there tacos today, not your typical taco bell. Made with real tortilla.
3	Great substitute for oxnard cali taco shops. Burrito size varys on who makes it! thats one thing i dont like... always ready for me 10mins after i call in my order.wasn't great today. Dayshift cooks dont cook like laurita herself.
5	This place is close and cheap. What more do you want? Alright,  I guess cleanliness and tasty food are musts as well. This restaurant has all of that. The food is great for what you're paying for and is cheap. It's not gourmet food by any means,  but it is good and great for a college student budget.  Steer clear of the obvious American items mainly to please the people oblivious of Mexican cuisine and you're good to go. Definitely craving some Al pastor right now.
4	89123 residents, Laurita's is a better option for Mexican fast food compare to Roberto's , taco y taco, and super burrito. For the most part I order a carne asada burrito with scrabble egg and cheese, sour Creme on the side because I don't like added right away it cools of the meat. Try it
4	This place is a gem! Tacos are amazing, service is prompt,  and the portions are generous! I got a couple of carne asada tacos and a soda, they have amazing pico de Gallo! Definitely a great place to stop in and grab a bite. Gave it 4 stars because they gave me chicken in one of my tacos Lol. A million times better than Robertos (starting to find out that a lot of places are better than Roberto's ). Recommend this place wholeheartedly.
5	Reliable. Open 24/7. Great prices and the staff are friendly. Food comes out fast, how fast you say? When you're done choosing hot sauces and packing em up your food is ready.
4	We pass this place all the time so, we finally checked it out. When we first walked in we were hit by either smell of incense or a very powerful cologne!! So needless to say did not smell like Mexican food and we almost walked out due to my husband not being able to handle it with his Asthma. Thats how bad it was.Needless to say we did place an order. The person at the counter was nice and they were kinda busy. We ordered 3 rolled tacos with guac. 3 bean and cheese burritos 1 bean rice and cheese burrito and 2 drinks.We sat down to wait. They could up date or fix up the area we sit in and they could clean up the Salsa bar. But as we waited more and more people came in.I loved my rolled tacos chicken with guac. The guac had flavor to it and it was great. My husband loved his burritos especially the homemade flour tort. Im picky about my refried beans and me personally not sure if i like theres! But we will try it again and i will decide. I can say the green salsa is really good
2	I live nearby and this place is an easy quick takeout. Last two times here I ordered BEEF enchiladas only to find nothing but cheese.  caught them the last time and ended up with the cheese ones for free.  just make sure you're getting what you order
5	Straight bomb Mexican food! Everything I have had here is the bomb. The chimichangas are on point. The Laurtia burrito is as big as your arm.... The street tacos are like the ones in TJ. The prices are even close to Taco Bell so why not get the real deal.
1	Ordered to go food. Came home and half way thru my son had a metal piece in his mouth. I called them to let them know and the guys response was What's wrong with that? Well that set me off! A simple apology would have sufficed but to say what he said?!? Is ridiculous! If you want a little more iron in your diet EAT HERE. WTF!  Wish I didn't have to put a star up but I wanted to post!
4	Love this place.  Each time I come here I try something new on the menu and have not been disappointed.  Everything is great.  So far my favorites are the Al Pastor Tacos and the Chicarones (sp) Great food, great prices, and friendly service.
4	I always get the chicken chimichanga platter and I'm never disappointed. It is now my go-to place in the middle of the night instead of Don tortaco, which I am sad to say offered very wet, soaked dribbling burritos the last few times I was there. Cleanliness is OK. Service is pretty good. Doesn't take long to get my food.
5	This place is great!! Always a big portion size and friendly staff. We eat here often because it's close to my house and always open.
