3	** Note:  This is a review specifically for their Gluten-Free burgers.When I found out Uncle Bear's did gluten-free burgers, I rushed over to try one with eager anticipation.  They serve buns from the gluten-free bakery in Phoenix, Gluten-Free Creations.  Since I love GFC, I was happy to support them and anyone else willing to put GF items on their menu.I ordered the O.G. burger... adding thousand island, pickles, and bacon.  So here's the deal.. apparently the GF buns are much smaller than their regular burger buns, so what they do is literally fold the 1/2 pound patty over, like a quesadilla, to make it fit.  This creates a few problems, most importantly screwing up the meat to everything else ratio.  WAY too much burger per-bite which pretty much eliminates the tastes from the other toppings on the burger.... all you taste is meat.  I guess this is fine if you love eating plain hamburger, but I get a burger for all components of the burger.  It would be better if they just gave you half the meat and didn't fold the patty over.Second issue was the price.  Base price for the burger was $9.50.  They then charge another $2.25 for the gluten-free bun!!!  That is ridiculous.  When it was all said and done, with bacon, burger came with fries, and a glass of water for drink, tip included, my total was $15.75!!!!!!  That is just crazy for a mediocre burger, IMO.  They have a great idea, serving gluten free burgers.... they would literally get 100% of my burger business, and I'm sure about the same as other gluten-free diners.  Bottom line, when a buddy wants to go grab a drink and some "bar food", I'll recommend we go here so at least I can eat something, but the price point prohibits me from eating there even semi-regularly.  They also sell chicken sandwiches on burger buns, I may go back and try one of those.
2	I've tried a couple of things here (prime rib, hamburgers, queso, fried combo) and everything was just ok. Nothing special or great. They also give you peanuts in a plastic dog bowl and you drop the shells on the floor. This is a nice place to come and watch a game and chat with the friendly bartenders up at the bar. Cool neighborhood bar. They have live music here sometimes too, just can't remember which days. Love all the pics of the dogs around the restaurant. I keep forgetting to bring pics of my two pups.
3	I got the steak fajita salad. The steak was pretty good, their could have been a bit more meat but the taste was good. The salad was nice and large and wasn't just of the iceberg variety, it was mixed greens. Although the $10.99 price was a bit steep. The menu pricing overall is a little high for my preference for this little sports bar/restaurant. I tried the fries which were good. They have a bunch of TVs for sports lovers and pictures of people's pooches all over the walls. That's a nice touch.
4	I'm totally a fan of this place!!!So we go to watch the Cardinals Game on Sunday. Great Atmosphere, cheap pitchers of beer and Pizza and a dozen wings for $15.99, I think the pitcher of Beer was $6.50... They have other specials as well, Mondays I know you can get a Brat and a Side for $6 bones, not too bad either.They have T.V.'s everywhere for the Football games, I'm thinking close to 30ish T.V.'s give or take a few. Plenty of seating, also outside covered seating.I have been there about 5 or 6 times now and really for a Neighborhood bar it's pretty nice, no spectular or Scottsdalish or anything else, but if you want a Neighborhood Bar with Friendly service, decent food and decently...way decently price Beer, with a lot of T.V.s to watch the Games, then this is the place for you if you live around here.p.s. the pizza we had and the Honey Hot wings were pretty good in my opinon... It's a thin crust pizza, sauce is good. Wings could of used a little more meat on them, but sometimes it just happens that way.
4	After taking the dog to Comsmo dog park (for his first swim) we stopped here. Great patio. Plus, water bowls and treats for the canine were provided. I also enjoyed my Jalapeno Cheesburger! This is great place to hang with Fido!
1	Came here to eat today as my boss and 2 coworkers wanted to. I know People love this place, I am just not a fan, even though I want to be as I understand it is a local business. I like the decor as the owners invite customers to bring in 8x10 photos of their dogs and they display the photos on the walls around the restaurant. The also serve free peanuts, they put in dog bowls and they let you toss the shells on the floor. The service has always been friendly and today was no exception. I knew going in I was going to ask the server for a recommendation. She said without hesitation the burgers were delicious. Sounded great, so I ordered a teryaki burger, served with mayo, pineapple, swiss & teryaki sauce. 35 minutes later our party got our food including my burger. Not sure what was the hold up as we were among maybe 10 other customers in the restaurant at lunch time. I took a bite of the burger and could instantly tell the bun on the burger was at least day old, the meat had no flavor and clearly was previously frozen. I did let the server know I did not like my burger and she took it off the bill without making me feel bad about not liking it. So I did not get lunch today, but those who know me would say I could stand to miss a meal or two. Maybe next time I will just drink at the bar and eat free peanuts.
4	I like this place.1. FREE Peanuts!!!2. Good, simple menu.3. Good beer selection including local beers!4. Daily specials5. Pictures of customer's dogs...EVERYWHERE!6. Friendly Service.7. Sliders!!!!!8. Local Business.9. Hockey Games!10. FREE Peanuts!!!
4	After moving from Tempe to far east Mesa, me and my boyfriend needed new places to hang out.  being out in what seems like the middle of nowhere, we were having no luck.  One night we decided to check out this place and from the minute we walked in, we had a blast.  They had karaoke and pitchers of beer, also peanut shells all over the floor like at texas roadhouse.  the people were all super friendly and after a few drinks, i almost convinced my bf to sing karaoke. Maybe next time ;)  we'll def be back asap!;)
4	Good fried food, the chicken sliders are awesome. I don't like looking at dogs and dog food when I eat. And I also think it doesn't smell like a restaurant. When you walk in, you can't smell food! That sounds strange, but it really does kind of bother me...
4	If you're familiar with Uncle Bears, then you know what to expect here: shelled peanuts, lots of TVs, and license plates and dog photos everywhere. This location is a little bigger than the others I've been to though. Came here for lunch. It was busy, but not crowded. I was seated promptly and my server took my drink and lunch order quickly. Food came out fast - cooked to order and nice and hot. Server was attentive throughout my meal without being overly so. Bonus points... ...for having someone who actually paid attention to the games on TV, making sure all TVs had a good assortment of games around the restaurant. I hate it when you go to a sports bar and half the TVs are on infomercials or soap operas and you can't find someone who can operate the remote. No concerns about that here.
3	Alright this place was about to be a four star place until I saw the bartender use the pitcher she was pouring the excess head from my beer in to serve another customer. Bad form. Although she was friendly and helpful. Ok beer selection, good menu. Lunch menu is always the same. Wings are ok, with the best flavor being honey hot.
4	Standard four but lunch specials are very good. Enjoy the hot buffalo wings. Tuesday lunch half price pizza.
3	My daughter and I went there on a Saturday night.  Megan got a hamburger, and it was very good.  Fries were good, service was good.  My prime rib sandwich on the other hand, was way overdone.  Like a piece of roast beef that had been boiled for a long time.  Overdone, dry, brown.  Only thing that saved this sandwich was the mediocre horse radish.  Otherwise it would have been like chewing on old shoe leather with no taste.  So I split the difference between the two sandwiches.  4 for Megan's hamburger, 1 for my sandwich, and 3 for the service...rounds out to a 3 in my little head.
4	Well....after driving 2100 miles cross country with three vehicles and I got the farting dog, we deserved a decent meal but couldn't leave the pup alone yet.  So we decided on take out - and Uncle Bear's was the closest we could find.  And not a bad find at that!DS ordered the Asian Chicken salad. It had a nice amount of chicken tossed with Mandarin oranges and greens and a very tasty sesame dressing - not overly gingery like some.DH got the Thai pasta with chicken and he licked the plate clean.  The peanut sauce was just kicky enough to add flavor but not enough to force him out with the farting dog.  Tossed with diced tomatoes and cilantro and loads of cashews.  Quite yummy.We hit the trifecta with the Chicken Walnut salad.  Granted, I am a wuss and left off the avocado but, trust me, it was not missed. Lots of chicken and lots of walnuts and grapes.  But - and here was the crowning grace - the best raspberry vinagrette in town. Seriously good. It even had little bits of the berries in it.  I would go back again for just that!Portions were quite nice sized. Prices reasonable. While picking up the food, I realized this is a truly dog-friendly restaurant - you can bring your pup and sit in the outside patio.  You can be sure that we will take the DP (dear pup) with us the next time and eat in - and help ourselves to a dogbowl of peanuts while we are there!
5	Definitely one of my most favorite restaurants! The food is wonderful, my fav is the veggie tacos...to die for!!  What kept me coming back was that all of the walls are covered with fun pictures of all breeds of dogs...a dog lovers heaven!!!
3	Sunday night waiting 13 minutes not because there wasn't a table, because the hostess never came to seat us :/Dinner - second time here and loved it the first time.Little disappointing tonight, maybe it's because it was Sunday? Food just wasn't like it was last time.
5	This is one of my favorite neigborhood joints, I live a mile away and can ride the bike over anytime.  The meatball sandwich is the best item on the menu, and they have a good beer selection.  Golden tee and peanuts allow you to hang out for hours.
3	It has a cute atmosphere with all the dog photos and dog related stuff, but the food is pretty meh. Dont try the bombers... I think theyre just a couple shots of their cheapest alcohol mixed with kool aid
5	Fantastic service matched by the quality of the food and atmosphere!  The waiter made time to interact with everyone in our dinner party, even the kids!  Great food and drink specials.  Regular menu is not too pricey either.  Lots of tv's to choose from.  They serve peanuts in a dog bowl on your table and you throw the shells on the ground.  Great option for a family dinner or catching that sporting event with your buddies.
4	Killer place in Mesa to get your munch on with your furry friends!The patio rawks (love the misters), and they allow smoking outside (yay!) - deal with it! Mitch's Mushroom served with sweet potato fries is the sammie of my dreams, and the bar kicks out a mean snakebite!!Thanks guys, we'll see you soon!
3	I go here all the time because it's within walking distance and I can bring my dogs on the patio.  I like the casual atmosphere with dog pics on the walls and peanuts in dog bowls.  But the food is only average.  Service on the patio is hit and miss - sometimes I think they forget we are out there.  Tends to be better when we eat inside.  And we have to deal with the smokers outside - wish they would designate half the patio for smoking and half for dogs.  I don't want my dogs laying in cigarette butts.
5	Out in the middle of no where, but such a fantastic find!Went here for a few drinks with some sorority sisters before heading out to a festival in Queen Creek. Did a little research on the place and knew I was going to love the overall dog theme. They have outstanding happy hour special everyday of the week. Wish I loved closer so I could bring my dog to the very dog-friendly patio and enjoy a game on the many flat screens. Inside, there's tons of booth and the walls are simply lined with framed photos of dogs. It's hilarious. What's even better is they let you throw peanut shells all over the floor and the peanuts are hed in dog bowls. Love it.Didn't order food but they had an outstanding selection of drinks. I would def go back to this place.
3	The best thing about this restaurant is definitely all the pictures of dogs. The restaurant has a very cool theme!I didn't care too much for the food though, although it was alright. And it didn't really seem to be worth the price, but in any case we had a good time dining here.
2	We have been going to Uncle Bears since the very first one opened in Gilbert. We use to talk to the owner (Todd) all the time even.  Not sure if he still owns the chain or not. That said; we ate at the Mesa location (Ellsworth/Baseline) last night, and I must say, it was a bit dissapointing.  Food took longer then usual to arrive, and the fries were cold.  The Fish & Chips which I use to rate the best were more like square fish sticks (like you can buy in the frozen section).  The worse was the Herd Chopped Beef burger. It was very dry, almost no onions and literally looked like they took 1-2 hamburger patties and tore them in to pieces.  I'm hoping this is just a Chef change that can be corrected, or we won't be stopping in here very much anymore. :(The beer was still good....and cold.
4	I ordered the Cajun belly rub Burger and fries for dinner, burger was good not as spicy as I expected, but that didn't stop me from eating every messy bite and needing a belly rub after...  My daughter and her cousin split the BBQ wings appetizer and if sauce all over their hands isn't proof they enjoyed it, you should have seen their faces! It's a great family place for dinner. The girls loved the dog pictures everywhere and they especially loved eating peanuts from a dog dish and dropping the shells on the floor. Good atmosphere and service too!
5	my neighborhood spot.  awesome servers and some really really good, unique items on the menu.  karaoke friday and saturdays plus a dog friendly patio.  Love it.
2	This review would have been 4 stars except they keep their air conditioning set so high that you sweat.   This is where my parents request to go when I take them out. We walked in on saturday which was 119 degrees that day.  I will bet it was 85 inside this restaurant.  I would have turned and bolted but was with my elerly parents. Food was good.  Service was so so.  Atmosphere is good.  They just cheap out on the air conditioning.
2	I've ate here a few times, but stopped going in spite of it being so close to my home. The food (after trying a lot of different items, and appetizers like the roast beef sliders) just doesn't do it for me. I feel like most of the items on the menu are 'thaw and deep fry' frozen items, in spite of some of them actually being pretty good.  Service was hit or miss. Atmosphere is friendly,  Albeit a bit corny . Actually this place reminds me more of a sports bar as opposed to a bar and grill. For the prices paid, and food quality combined with a lower brow "sports bar" atmosphere... I'm just not impressed. You could get better ambience and food at a Friday's.
4	Dunno if I can really comment on the longterm vibe of this place, but for a fella who was invited out for a night of karaoke with pals it certainly fit the bill. It was just the ticket. It was what you wanted.First off, it's in a strip mall there on Baseline. I always get thrown for a loop when I see a bar in a strip mall, but it's really neither here nor there. No matter the setting, there are certain things I want from my neighborhood bar and grill. First off, it's gotta have a menu full of stuff. I know that sounds terribly generic, but you've got to go in with no real hankering in mind, paw through a bunch of stuff, point to something, and then have them bring it to you. It's so nondescript, it's specific. Uncle Bear's has a menu full of the aforementioned stuff. The pizza. The burgers. The wings. The hot dogs. It's all perfectly available and was served up quick. I had a loose burger with fries and also tried the bbq chicken pizza. Bar food at its finest. Warmed up those pipes for karaoke. On the subject of service, or guy took care of business. There was a big table full of us folks, and he was there to refill drinks and get food shuttled around. One of the other great needs of a neighborhood bar & grill is the gimmick, and they've got that in spayeds. (I know it's really "spades" but if you read on, you'll definitely praise my pun...). Dog bowls for the peanuts, doggy pics all over the wall, and a dog mascot. It's an ode to the K9. Nice touch. Perfect.I had a nice night of belting tunes and dancing like an idiot. It's not about the food, or the service, or the ambiance, it's really about all of that in a convenient package.
2	I truly believe in the three strikes and you're out method of picking restaurants. This place is now out. The service is bad, slow and without the necessary help. Two of the visits I asked for something after the food was delivered incorrectly and they forgot, so I had to ask twice. Two of the visits there were flies around our table. The pizza was undercooked and drink refills were not happening. Not a place I will go to again.Oh and the real gross out, the Tshirts hanging in the restaurant are so dusty, they look furry...between the flies and the shirts...yuck.
2	We've given Uncle Bears a few tries because they are pet friendly and have outdoor seating but we won't be back because the food is consistently bad. The pizza is absolutely gross, the tortilla soup is overpriced tasteless broth and the nachos are a huge ripoff. Don't be fooled by the show of love for pets in their advertising, only once have they even offered to bring her water. The servers are always pleasant but often completely untrained as they usually have no idea what's on the menu or what the specials are.
2	Done,done,and done... I have been visiting Uncle Bears in Mesa for 8 years and today was the last straw.  Over the past year I have goton a pet so I sit outside at the patio Nice you would think NOT, never have they brought water to my pet I have to bring my own.  But that's not my issue the food has become gross, there is no longer one thing on the menu I care to go there to have....Today will be my last visit I stopped for a beer and some wings , they no longer carry 4 peaks, tried their new micro brew ,not for me ordered wings w/bl ch then decided to get them to go.... Arrived home under cooked wings ,tasteless and no bl ch and not even one napkin.  I'll be at the Hub from now on the food and staff are sooooo much better.
1	December 5th - we came here for dinner and were very disappointed.  First was service lacked severely - eaiting took forever to come and get our food orders :( Wasn't that busy.....MIL meal was not placed with our meals, waiter forgot :((When meal did come, MIL had mac and cheese with shrimp, 2 times returned still not hot. Hubby and FIL had chili dogs. Both had chili on the side which was very dry and looked very lumpy. The buns were hard not fresh looking at all.Watched manager/owner and other workers drink at the bar - big no-no!!Filed conplaint and only comped the mac and cheese... Needless to say we wint be bavk for a long time.....
3	I enjoy Uncle Bears on Sunday after taking the family and I take the dog to the park. It has good beer on tap, sports playing on several TVs, outdoor seating and decent food. I like two things on their menu the best,  the Cajun belly rub burger and the sliders.
4	This place is a cool, they have outdoor seating as well as a reasonably large indoor restaurant area. The service was friendly and quick (granted they were not super busy at the time.) The decor is pretty cute, I mean who doesn't love cute doggie pictures!Recommendations:Cobb Salad - fresh greens, crispy bacon, avocado, boiled eggs, tomatoes with grilled chicken breast. (I opted for no bleu cheese crumbles.) *All the produce was fresh tasting and the chicken was cooked perfectly tender. Sizzling Fajita Salad - fresh greens, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and salsa topped with sizzling beef and sauteed onions. *If you go with the beef, order the temperature a little under what you normally would because the meat continues to cook when it's served.I was pleasantly surprised that i liked this place as much as i did. This location is a little hidden but is a good neighborhood bar and grill.
2	Ordered a salad and wings, way more expensive that it should be. Service took ever for refill, and the place wasn't even that busy. Looking at the prices on the entire menu, everything is priced an average of a dollar more than expected.
4	food was good, we got burgers and fries.  We went on a Friday evening around 5 and it was more of a bar mode than restaurant mode to us.  We thought about sitting outside but it was a little windy and we didn't want the stuff from the trees in our food and hair. We had great service.  If we go back, we just would not go on a Friday night due to our own preference.
4	Purchased a living social or something b/c of their dog friendly advertisement. Called to ask a few questions about the patio and the girl was extremely pleasant snd helpful. Service was great, food was a little above average. The steak sliders were yummy, loved the fries,  the burger could use something to make it more than average, bun was a plus. Get the cookie bowl or whatever that deliciousness is. Our dog would have loved a bone. We will come back and recommend.
1	Uncle bears is my local go to burger joint. Good food, good atmosphere. Generally the service is fine. However, tonight I called to place a to-go order. 16mins later, I drove to the restaurant still on hold. I spoke to the manager. He took my order right away. And the good came out promptly. The he had the BALLS to charge me full price!  Wow!  A nice gesture would have been to at least throw in a coupon for a return visit. Or 10% off for my troublesGot home and my order was wrong. Called the manager. Don't argue with me. I know I didn't order sliders. I don't like sliders so why would I order them!?!!!!And no please don't make me a sandwich. I don't want to drive back to your establishment again. And you will probably charge me for YOUR MISTAKE!
2	The service was great but the food was meh.  I've definitely had better.  Ok for a bar and grill but there are better options available.
4	Fun place for the kiddos! My son loves it here! It would be 5 stars but with the recent menu change, not too happy! Always had my regular 1/2 chicken salad sandwich, french onion soup and order of hushpuppies, then one day....all 3 were gone! Now all I get is a salad but we went from going once a week to once every few months :(
1	Yea, got home and the order was wrong. Called and the manager told me I ordered incorrectly. I NEVER said sliders I said sandwich. What a jerk
1	I really wish there was a way to not give any stars as this place does not deserve any after my experience tonight. When we got to Uncle Bears there was no wait we got seated right at a table. After ordering our drinks we waited awhile before the waiter came by to take our order. My boyfriend ordered wings and a side of fries, our son (2 years old) got the hotdog and I ordered a chicken salad. NOT A HARD ORDER OR HARD TO MAKE. The table behind us was empty when we sat down and now there is a party of 2 behind us after we had already ordered. They received their appetizer and then there meal before we even received our food. We asked where it was and the waiters excuse was we are extremely busy. We then asked if they could rush my son's food. It came out cold. While trying to entertain my 2 year old during this wait we "washed" my son's hands with a baby wipe and then he decided he wanted to clean the table with it. The baby wipe was black by the time he was done with his cleaning of the table. We waited 40 minutes from the time we ordered to the time it was delivered and it wasn't even warm. The waiter never check on us while we waited for our food my soda and my boyfriend's beer was empty and never once was asked if we wanted a refill until after our food was delivered. When we asked for the manager he was behind the bar bartending and very rude when we told him what had happen
2	Beer was decent. That about the only good thing I can say about this place. A friend and I sat at the bar, bartender was quick to get us drinks and that's About the extent of his serving skills. He took our order, a different person ran the food, that's fine. However, our food was wrong and I never got the water I ordered. The bartender checked on the guys next to me about 4 time to refill beers and see how they were doing but did not say a word to me. Did not even check to see how we were doing.Maybe they were regulars but that in no way justifies giving crappy service to a first timer. The only way I could get his attention was to finish my beer and THEN, he ask if we needed another round. Needless to say I declined and got the hell out of there.
3	The waiter was pleasant and knowledgeable, but service, overall poor. The restaurant was understaffed or staff poorly trained. Wine and non-alcoholic beverage came after first course; water glasses refilled only upon request; bill delivered before requested. We have dined at Uncle Bear's Grill & Bar, a neighborhood restaurant, several times, both indoors and outside. The restaurant appears to have expanded to accommodate more clients without enlarging its staff.
5	Came here for the first time a couple months ago. Now, my friend and I are regulars. The waitstaff are quick to seat you and take your order. The food is fantastic. I recommend trying the mozzarella stick appetizers! They always have specials going on, so check this out. People do complain about the peanut shells on the ground, but that is the atmosphere of the restaurant. They have live music on certain days and host large groups for special occasions. The place has hundreds of pictures of customer's dogs on the walls and old license plates. There are plenty of TVs available for watching the game. I love this place and will always recommend it.
