1	I went to this place once and will NEVER go back.  I live nearby and like to support local businesses, but they did such a horrible job ironing my shirts that they'll have to be re-done (somewhere else) before I can wear them.  I can't believe someone in this business could make such a mess of a customer's shirt and then just think "Oh well!", put it on a hanger, and go on to the next one.  And that's not even the worst part.  They *wrote* inside all my clothes with what appears to be *permanent marker*.  I guess that's their way of keeping track of stuff, but none of the other cleaners I've been to have ever *written* on my clothes in permanent marker, so I assume there are other ways of keeping track of people's stuff.  They also charge extra to pay with a credit or debit card, even when paying for a large order.  There's a cleaners in practically every shopping center around here, so I know I can do better.
5	Amazing service and dry cleaning for the price.  The owner takes it upon himself to learn his customers names and as you walk in the door your dry cleaning is waiting.  Yes, they do write your name in your clothes allowing them to easily identify your items.  I've been using their services for years.  If I have an item that may need to be redone, no questions ask (such as a crease in my pants) they will redo it.     You can pay 3x to 4x more at the other cleaners in Ahwatukee but it will be a waste of your time and money.
4	I was surprised to see the other review on this place. We've used this cleaners since moving here almost two years ago now. They clothes are fresh and cleaned and pressed when needed. The staff is friendly and very accommodating with pick up times when needed. They also offer next day pick up if needed. It's close to my house and where I grocery shop so it's way convenient.
5	I take my clothes in every week . I am a medical director so I have to look my best. Eddy is the owner and he goes out if his way to take care of my order. They dry cleaned one of my black dresses that I wore to my friends wedding and it looked better than brand new after they dry cleaned it . I absolutely love the price and the phenomenal service. They are fantastic and they make me look fabulous every day!!!
