4	BYOS - Build Your Own Stack.  You get a pencil and list to check off your burger preference!Step 1 - Select beef - # of burgers, or chicken or veggie.               The burger is 1/4 pound but you get 2 for $6.                And you can add another.  Cooked mild well, only.                Stack'd has its own blend of fresh meat for the burger.Step 2  - Choose a bread - 5 choices including a wrap.Step 3 - Add a cheese - 5 cheeses.  American blue, provolone, feta, cheddar.Step 4 - Slather in Sauce - about 20 different including OMFG (Very HOT)Step 5 - Top it off - about 20 toppings - from lettuce , to various peppers, pickles, etc.Add to your order if you want fries, from regular, curly, cajun, old bay.Wait and get hungry watching everyone else in the place chow down.My burger was stack'd high, very good and juicy.  Would have preferred medium burger; seemed to be a little to well done for my taste.  The cajun fries are very good and spicy; long thin crisp fries. The back of the checklist has salads, crisp wings with about 8 dipped and 5 rubbed flavors. Add another good burger joint to list.Stack'd is rather small with 4 booths, 4 tables and about 10 bar stools.  4 TV's and a large beer list with about 20 drafts.Service was very friendly made sure we had refills.
4	I'm not really sure you should call yourself a place that specializes in burgers when the burger meat only comes medium-well.  I take that as either the cook isn't confident enough in his abilities or the management isn't confident enough in the quality of the meat to not poison the clientele.  Because of this, Stack'd automatically lost one star before even I even ordered.  There are a few other things that Stack'd needs to improve upon.  First, while there is a pretty good Yeungling pitcher special on weeknights, the rest of the happy hour isn't really that great (only $1 off drinks).  Second, apparently there wasn't a server in the upstairs area, so if you want to order food or drinks, you either have to sit at the bar or keep going up to the bar to order.  Third, if it's quiet in the bar, there is some awful game in the back that plays the most annoying little tunes every few minutes.  To some, that might not even be something to notice, but for someone who cringes at loud, unexpected noises like that, I found it unsettling.Now for the reasons that Stack'd salvages a 4th star... The kitchen is actually open until 1 am, which if you've ever found yourself looking for a damn open kitchen in Shadyside after 10 only to be disappointed, this is a big deal.  The bartender was really friendly and made sure we were well taken care of.  There are many, many TVs (including a TV in each booth) and if you're an out of town football fan who can't get the game at home (think Eagles, Raiders, etc.), you will be able to find your game playing - and you won't even get harassed for not being a Steelers fan.  Finally, the restroom was probably the nicest in Shadyside so that wins big points with me.Overall, I would most certianly go back, but I truly hope the ownership reconsiders its policy on buger cooking!
4	I have been craving a burger for about two weeks now. So long that I've gone from wanting a crazy gourmet burger (aka Burgatory) to just wanting ANY DANG BURGER. Finally yesterday, a Sunday, nothing to do, I can go get my burger. I found out from the Yelp forum about this place and, as it's closer (and cheaper) than Burgatory, we decided to check it out. We are pleased. So I have obviously been setting up this review to compare it to Burgatory because after you've eaten there, every burger place is compared to Burgatory (or Winghart's). Winghart's and Burgatory are the kings of gourmet burgers, in my opinion, but Stack'd delivers a really, really, REALLY good burger. They offer a $6 build-your-own option. There are no options on the meat besides ground beef, vegetarian and chicken (so no bison or crazy meats) and whether you would like a double, triple or quad burger - or as big as you can possibly handle. There are a few selections on bun type, sauce, and cheese and then some great options for toppings. I went with a double provolone cheeseburger on a kaiser bun with BBQ sauce, banana peppers, grilled mushrooms, field greens, and bacon. $9. Yessss, this place is so on my price-wavelength! You can add fries for $1 or onion rings for $2, and they have regular, cajun, curly and old bay fries. The fries were my least favorite part, though. I could have done without them.The burgers come out and they are freaking huge. Like, can't get my mouth on it to get a bite huge lol. One of my first thoughts when I was cutting it in half was that I wasn't asked how I would like it cooked. I don't know if they don't take requests or the bartender just forgot to mention, though. The burger was more done than I like (think well vs medium), but surprisingly still very juicy and tasty. I was hesitant on the banana peppers, as much as I love them, but the bartender recommended them and I am super glad I got them. They added a nice crunch and sweetness to the burger.Their beer selection for a small place is incredible. Any place who has Pumking right now is an automatic win spot for me. The also had Magic Hat's Hex, Brooklyn Brown Ale, and a few other great selections on tap with a very good varied bottle selection.The bartenders were friendly and it was neat being off the main road in Shadyside. Less traffic and noise. TV set up is great for catching the game, any game. I'd highly recommend this place for a lunch or game watching spot. They offer other options for food like wings and salads, but I obviously was only in the mood for a burger.
2	We heard of the new burger joint and decided to give it a try.  My fave burger place is BRGR and my boyfriend says the best burger is to be had at Meat and Potatoes.  The place is nice, although small.  We were the only customers on a Sunday afternoon.  We were given a menu and a pencil.  You check off on the menu what you want and the waitress comes back to pick up your choices.  We ordered the chili cheese fries as an appetizer and they were really good.  After we ordered, I realized we weren't asked on the menu card of by the waitress how we wanted our burgers prepared.  We do not like our burgers cooked well, so I went to find our waitress at the bar.  I asked her if we could have our burgers prepared rare.  She said that they prepare all burgers medium well, but would ask to get ours as rare as possible.  I'm a little confused on why a burger joint would prepare all burgers medium well, when there are so many ways to prepare a burger.  The burgers were ok, nothing really to brag about, but my onion rings were very tasty.  Not sure I will be back.
4	This was my second STACK'D experience in two days. This was way better than the first. Food is really good for the price, service seems a little blase, but they have a decent beer selection. If you like their Facebook page and submit a photo of your burger, you get your fries for free ($1).
5	love love love this place. Burger Bar and Bar. Excellent food lots of toppings and if you'r efeeling adventurous, order the Burger of the Day and don't ask what it is before hand. One criticism, you can't ask for a medium/rare burger-- well you CAN but it's not standard for the waiters to ask. Great beer selection, decent price.
4	My friend and I ventured here to have a nice bite to eat after we escaped the rain of the Pitt game, and I have to admit, Stack'd has me hooked and wanting more. My biggest compliment is the fact that they have a variety of food, not just burgers.  Wings, yes, wings, and they are delicious wings with many sauces to choose from.  Lots of appetizer choices, and everything is very affordable.  I was actually blown away by the affordable prices since it is in a more upscale area.Burger was really tasty.  Toppings that usually cost extra at other burger places were free here.  I got a double blue cheese burger with grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, roasted red peppers, and spinach all for $8.  At other places that would cost me like $12 for all those toppings.  Sides are a la carte, but for only a buck or two you can add fries or onion rings.One of my complaints is that their burgers are cooked well done with nothing stated on the menu otherwise.  I honestly didn't mind it being cooked so much, but next time I go, I am asking for some pink.  Biggest complaint was that both my friend and mine's buns were cool, like refrigerator cold.  I was surprised when I went to go pick up my burger and was caught off guard by the chill.  I figured all places have gotten to the point of throwing the buns on the grill before they served it up?  Hmmmmm.. maybe next time.All in all, absolutely delicious.  I cannot wait to go back and build another delicious burger.  Next time I am saving room for a milkshake.
1	I did not get to eat at Stack'd, although we arrived at their front door. We were seeking lunch, so I pulled up my Yelp app and looked for something interesting. Stack'd! Great idea! According to Yelp, it is open. I double check on their website from my phone...no hours listed (and no mobile site either)...wtf? But surely a burger place would be open on a weekday at noon, right? Wrong. Only after we park in the garage, lug the baby and stroller out into the rain and pull up to their front door do we find out that they are indeed CLOSED. So we ate at China Palace instead.Moral of this story...I guess I need to just call any restaurant I want to visit to make sure they are actually open when they say they are.I'll be sure to update this review should I ever end up in Shadyside again while they are open...
3	The owner sent me a message apologizing for my experience and letting me know they corrected the hours and inviting me back to try Stack'd again. Glad to know the owner is serious about providing good service, so I'll be happy to stop back again once I have a chance!
4	Stack'd just might have the best vegetarian burger in the 'burgh.  It's homemade, and either fried or baked to have a super crispy outside.  As other reviewers said, the best part about this place its the choose-your-own-adventure type of menu.  Unlimited different sauces to top off my burger? Don't mind if I do!  You get a giant burger and you can add a generous heaping of fries for $1-2.They had several beers on tap and more in a cooler behind the bar.  I really enjoyed the food and will definitely be back.
4	Found this establishment while strolling around downtown Shadyside.  There were three of us, my wife, and 18 year old son.  They use the "build your own" burger concept where you fill out a questionnaire type menu with the burger type, bun, toppings, sauce, etc. They also have a large selection of beers, domestic, import and craft.What seems to set them apart are the choice of toppings and sauces, some truly original!  Choose from toppings l like mac and cheese, olives, fried egg or Fritos, or standards like bacon, lettuce and tomato.Sauces are unique too - Jerk, Cajun, OMFG! (Hot), and basic like BBQ, or Teriyaki. I had the standard beef  1/2lb burger, and the sear and meat was truly excellent.  The meat was tender, tasty and well prepared.  They seem to cook everything to a medium well, but nevertheless the meat was delicious.The wide had a veggie patty that I tried and found tasteless and boring.  She said she liked it, so go figure.Summary: worth the time for a quick brew and burger wither lunch or dinner.
4	Great veggie burger! BYOB'd w/ pepper jack cheese, stackd house sauce (their chipotle sauce), field greens, tomato, dill pickles and red onion on a wheat bun. Delicious and well put together. The veggie patty had a bit of crunch on the outer edges which was nice. I ordered a side of curly fries and also got to try old bay fries (they were out of onion rings), which while were overcooked just a tad (a little on the hard side) were still awesome. I would eat it all over again and order the old bay fries. Yum! We sat at the bar cause the tables and booths were filled around 9pm(!). Service was great though - friendly and attentive. The bartender was nice enough to change one of the tvs to the Texas Kansas State game.
3	Stack'd has the same concept as Burgatory, but wiith less options. Basically, it's a build-your-own burger, so you can choose any kind of combination you like, and you can add fries for an extra dollar or two.The strange thing about this place was there was no option for the way you want your burger done--they have a standard and that's it. The burger was good when it came out, but service was a little slow and there weren't that many people there. I will definitely be back when I'm craving a good burger, but honestly, I'd rather go to Burgatory (except it's really far away from Carnegie Mellon).
4	This is quite the momentous occasion for me...my first yelp review!  Do I get some type of reward?  Preferably it'd be something edible.I was pretty thrilled to hear that a Burgatory-esque joint was opening up in Shadyside, but would it match up to Burgatory?My experience at Stack'd was interesting:UPS:-My burger was pretty delicious.  Fritos, guac, banana peppers, grilled onions, lettuce, pepper jack cheese and stack'd sauce...That is just a clear-cut recipe for burger heaven.-It's a nice sports bar, good deals (Tuesday's burgers are half off!)-Location, location, location.  It was nice to eat dinner/get some drinks, then venture off to the other Shadyside bars for the night.DAHNS:-There is nowhere to check off on your order sheet how you would like your burger cooked.  All of our burgers were close to well done, this seemed to really bother a couple of my friends...and it makes sense.  Why try to give us the experience of total control over our food, but not with the most rudimentary element of the experience itself?  Seems backwards to me.-The service.....oh the service.  I try to be patient, understanding, etc, with food service having had experience with it, but this brought poor tending to a whole new level.  The only example I need to give is after we ordered a pitcher of beer and it was delivered to our table (about 15 minutes later), we didn't have cups to drink that beer for about another 10 minutes.  My friends contemplated passing around the pitcher and taking sips communion style (My friends are jags, clearly).Overall: -I'm a sucker for anything burgers, so I'd rule Stack'd as a good burger place, local to me.  But, if I feel like making the trek to Burgatory, they shall victor over Stack'd easily.  I will definitely be visiting Stack'd again, in hopes that the poor service was just due to chance.  4 stars for you, Stack'd.  Albeit if half stars were available, i'd give you 3 and a half...just to keep you on your toes.
2	My first venture to Stack'd was for a Pitt Young Alumni Council event, and I was pretty disappointed.  While the service was excellent, and the drinks cheap, the food was underwhelming.  Not bad, just meh. It's basically the same concept of Burgatory without all the choices.  I detest well done burgers and that's all they offer. The burger was greasy, tasted like it had been prepared ahead of time and just had my toppings added. I did have the crab seasoning fries, and they were pretty tasty, along with my friends tater tots. ( I will give them mad props for serving tots.)It was a nice large space, perfect for group events, or going with a crowd.  They have a lot of TVs upstairs, so it's a great space for watching a game.  I feel like if they could improve the burgers this place would be awesome!I'll give it another shot...
4	Okay, I finally got to visit this restaurant and we definitely enjoyed it! I decided to pass on the free burger offered to me by the owner; I figured I would give Stack'd an honest chance as a regular paid customer. I appreciate the gesture from them though!I can't believe the wacky things they have to put on burgers...mozzarella sticks, PEANUT BUTTER, etc. Very cool. I stuck with a rather traditional bacon cheeseburger to test the waters. I like that they offer pretzel buns, and it was tasty although I wish it were slightly sweeter like pretzel buns I've had in the past. The beef itself was very tasty (luckily I like my burgers well done, and it as actually very juicy for a well done burger). My onion rings on the side were standard but tasty. We got a milkshake for an extra $5...eh. It was good but it wasn't $5 good.I'm not in Shadyside often because I don't like paying $4 to park for a couple hours...but if I am ever in the area this is definitely a place I would visit again!
2	Stack'd has got some stacked burger competition. With BRGR right around the corner, two Winghart's locations and two Burgatory locations... along with Tessaro's and a handful of other joints, you gotta really make those patties shine to get noticed in town. Did they shine? Not so much. It wasn't a bad burger. It just wasn't great either. To be honest, I really think that it may have been a frozen patty. It had that perfectly rounded shape that you see when you buy them pre-pattied (is that a word?) in the store. You're able to pick from a checklist of ingredients. I mean, TONS! And not just ketchup and mustard, but mac n' cheese and tator tots on top of the burger. I literally don't know how you'd eat the thing! What I've learned in my burger eating days is that I like to keep it simple. For me it's #1 the burger quality, #2 the cheese and #3 the sauce. I was really excited to try the Big Mac sauce they call McDowell sauce (why that name, no idea). Listen, I can't lie. Sometimes scarfing down a McD's burger is delicious. It may be when I'm super hungry and craving that type of food, but I'll instantly regret it after. I did not instantly regret it after, but the whole burger just fell flat. While the sauce was good, I really think it was the issue with the burger. Just not quality meat, no taste and possibly from a frozen patty. I ordered the tots on the side because they sounded so good on the toppings menu. They were tots. Again, I could get these tots out of the frozen section of Giant Eagle. Not that I'm expecting gourmet tots... this was just something I that I knew how it would taste before I got it. I was just lusting after some fried potatoes. The beer list actually looked decent and so did the boozy shakes. But after the burger, I'd be afraid to try them. Knowing that around the corner in East Liberty I'd be getting a delectable shake from BRGR. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. Actually, I'd probably not even suggest it. Just go to Winghart's, you'll be happy you did, I promise!
5	Okay I am new to the area and I heard about an awesome sports bar with great Beer selection and crazy good cheap food! So I came to Stack'd last night. When I walked in I was amazed at the great TV's to watch any game I would ever want. Also had plenty of bar games can you say free Foosball! The bar was huge I could see any size party I had fit comfortably.Now to why I came, had to check out this crazy cheap great food my friends told me about. The waitress who was very nice and super attentive came right over and handed me a cool little menu with a checklist of items to build my own burger on the front and on the back had every sports fans dream game time food from nacho's to wings! The options are endless at Stack'd no matter who you are you can get any type of burger you could think of. I went with a Stack'd burger on a pretzal bun, with an awesome house sauce. My toppings had fried Mac'n cheese bites grilled onions romaine lettuce and bannana peppers! The burger was by far in my top five burgers I have ever tasted! It was juicy and had a nice flavor and the toppings just made it something that I am already  thinking of on my next Stack'd burger combo. I got a huge side of cajun fries for just a buck extra yeah I said it for just 1 dollar! We also tried the spicy Chili which could probably win a couple Chili cook offs! My friend who claims to be the "Wing King" got an order of wings. He loved the fact you could split your wing order and get two flavors for no extra cost. He went with the Spicy Garlic Bbq and the Sriracha honey sauces. The "Wing King" was very impressed he said finally a place that can give me crispy wings without me asking to burn them. The sauce was amazing he said.I give this place 5 stars for sure!!!!! From the great service to the awesome Beer selection, plus great food and TV's everywhere this is by far the best sports bar in Shadyside!!!!
3	Decent burgers.  Good onion rings.I went to this place today for lunch.Music was way too loud for a Sunday afternoon.I made a conservative selection and the burger was fine. Not great but we fely we got a better value for money then either BRGR or burgatory. They did mix up our order and we had to send it back to get fixxed.Cajun fries are very good.
5	Without a doubt, the best veggie burger in Pittsburgh can be found here.  I brought a buddy here for dinner one night and we were both impressed. The options for customizing your burger are quite impressive and overwhelming.  I literally garnished mine with pretty much every ulcer inducing spice available.  My carnivore friend really enjoyed his burger as well.  The quantity of food in one meal is enough to feed a small African village.  The price is fair.  Service was good.  If you're looking to catch a game or just chill in a nice area, go upstairs and have a seat at the bar where you will enjoy dining in front of numerous and huge flat screen TVs.
2	I went there right around close on a Saturday night and the service was mediocre at best.The burger was not even hot or tasty. This was my second time there and I would not recommend it.It was noisy as well. I understand it's a bar, but it could have been a better restaurant.
4	I waited to try this place, given the iffy reviews it got when it first opened....  I'm glad I finally did try Stack'd because last night I had one tasty burger!I think my first question about Stack'd was...  where IS it?  It's in Shadyside off Walnut, in the space that was the Pittsburgh Deli Co.Last night was a Tuesday, which meant that the Stack'd burgers were 1/2 price.  The special applies *only* to the Stack'd burger which is a two patty burger.  I was disappointed because I wanted the small burger, or the chicken sandwich.  I think this is the kind of food issue only a woman would have, as my males friends were ready to chow down.There are endless combinations of ways you can order your burger.  You chose the size of your burger, and they also offer chicken and veggie burgers. You have your choice of bun:  sesame, kaiser, wheat, no bun, and a wrap.  There is a very long list of sauces to choose from, and just about every topping you could ever imagine.I had the Stack'd burger, on a sesame bun, with American cheese, sweet baby Ray's bbq sauce, a little bit of pineapple mayo, pickles, romaine lettuce, red onions, and a toasted pineapple.  It was EXCELLENT.My friend got fritos and a fried egg on her burger.  i would never ever order that but she seemed to enjoy it...and you know, I like having the opportunity to have, say, fritos and peanut butter and general tsos sauce on a burger!My burger and a pitcher of Yuengling ($6 pitchers on tuesday) came to $11.50.  Not too bad!  I recommend this place highly, and if you're not sure about the food--just come on a Tuesday night when the burgers are 1/2 off.
4	I decided to up the review after a recent visit to a competitor.  These guys havea  build a burger with a check sheet like that PIZZA place on elmsworth across from walnut grill.  All in all I think I am likely to return,
3	Not bad, but not great. Buffalo Wing sauce had good flavor, but was a little thin. Fries weren't bad, but a little soggy. Burger was pretty good and so was the service. I'd eat here again, but it's not on my 'to do list'
4	I wasn't sure what to expect of this place, which occupies the former Pittsburgh Deli Company.  Once I had a look at the menu (featuring burgers, alcoholic milkshakes) I instantly thought of a BRGR wannabe.However, STACK'D does set itself apart by allowing intense customization of a burger, from the bun (Pretzel buns!) to the sauces to the toppings (up to 4 for free, with traditional and "unique" options such as Fritos and peanut butter?)  Some more "premiere" ingredients such as fried mac and cheese can also go atop your burger for an extra fee.  With the option to make a perfectly customized meal, I was naturally pleased with my outcome and will give this place another try......perhaps for their $3 burger nights on Tuesdays after 9 PM!
3	Customized burgers are here! (for other options, consider Burgatory)Burgers are good and quick. Size seems a big small, even though you order a pre-determined size patty. The burger is as good as you want to make it, depending on what you choose, but some of the ways where places can try to stand out, such as buns, weren't all that impressive. Indeed, I often miss the Fuddrucker's down by the Waterfront for this reason; they had fantastic buns. (side note - screw you owner of Pittsburgh burger company, for taking over the Fuddrucker's location and then TOTALLY messing that up).I still think Tessaro's has the best burger in town. But, to be honest, burgers are not my thing, so, in a pinch, Stack'd is a perfectly reasonable place for a meal.
5	This is an amazing burger place !!! Double stack with Lett, Tomm pickles and onions with the house sauce was so good and cooked to perfection ... Tater tots were a lil greasy but awesome as well... I enjoyed it and cannot wait to go back ! Staff was also very friendly and helpful !! It's CYOB style! All burgers are cooked med-well unless other wise specified !
5	They have amazing burgers and some good specials on beer.
4	Hamburger was pretty decent. Especially for the price. Can't beat 7 bucks for a good burger and fries. Also $6 yuengling pitchers. In a nice area to walk around after.
4	stack'd is awesome. read some reviews before going and tried the veggie burger. not a vegetarian myself but wanted to try it out and am really glad I did. the veggie patty was delicious. also tried the pretzel bun which was amazing and well worth the extra charge. wish they had an option for how you want your patty cooked
2	My husband and I ate here this past Sunday and our experience was not what we hoped it would be. The reason it gets 2 stars is for service and choices of toppings. Our waitress was super polite and attentive. The amount of toppings to choose from in order to build your burger was awesome. They pretty much have every topping you could think of, plus more. As for the actual food, eh. We ordered the mac and cheese bites for an appetizer and they were really good, so I guess if I could give a half a star, that would be worth a half. It was served with a spicy ranch dressing that had a ton of flavor and was great for dipping. For our burgers, I had a hamburger on a kaiser roll with cheddar cheese, garlic aioli, lettuce, tomato and grilled onions with a side of fries. The garlic aioli was really tasty but the actual burger was disappointing. It was dry and tasteless and you can tell they don't really use quality beef. The french fries were just regular ol' fries, and I was really hoping for fresh cut ones seeing as they do so many homemade sauces. My husband had a hamburger on a wheat roll with ketchup, house sauce, hot pepper relish, cheddar cheese, lettuce and red onion with a side of onion rings. He thought the same thing, the toppings were great but the actual burger really lacked in taste, making the whole burger really unenjoyable. We both agreed afterwards that we much prefer burgers from 5 Guys and that's practically a fast food restaurant!All in all, unless the quality of the burger meat improves dramatically, I can't see us every going back.
3	It's a sports bar, that's the attitude you need to come in here with. Its loud, there's beer on the tables, the waitresses are super cute and they come just often enough.I come here for the Tuesday night half off Stack'd Burgers - its a pretty decent deal. I wish they were't so well done, but there's probably some system of patties being made and they can't customize to that level, oh well. Here's what did bug me though, I get my check and the burger was $6.50.Me: Hey I'm wondering if you could help me add this up - I see its $6.50Waitress: Yup, burger is $3, cheese is $1, cheese sticks are $1, and fries are $1.Me: Yeah - so that adds to $6. Where does that extra 50 cents come in?Waitress: I have no idea.Now, whatever, its 50 cents. But its the principle. When I come back and its not a game night, I'm going to raise this issue with the manager.
2	Stack'd does produce good food, but the rest of the experience is not so good.The environment/decor confuses me because it's somewhere between bar environment where dirtiness/upkeep is somewhat expected and fancy env where I'd expect cleaner, better ambience.The staff were not very attentive and when we walked in we sat a table that was just vacated. I'd expect the staff to see that the table still needed some cleaning/wiping but we had to ask for these things to be done. At least for that night, they didn't seem to check up on us enough to at least to see what else we needed.Lastly, this one is an easy fix, but they don't seem to read the menu that customers fill out in full. If you order something on both sides, make sure you let them know you have something on the other side (eg appetizers are on one side of the sheet, while burgers and the main sandwich is on the front). They missed our order for onion rings.
2	I moved to Shadyside this past week, and after an intense morning of heavy lifting, I thought I'd try ordering some pick-up from a local spot. My neighbors were talking up Stack'd, saying they had a pleasant experience on their $3 burger night, and their website touted themselves as the self-proclaimed Best Burger in Shadyside, so why not?Ah, Shadyside. Don't let the promising menus and beautiful restaurants fool you--this aesthetic appeal is all just a clever ruse, masking the overpriced mediocrity of a bland experience. Regrefully, the food is just as gentrified as the neighborhood, and although solid experiences exist (e.g. BRGR, Soba, Casbah), they are startlingly few.The burger--I had a Stack'd Burger (2 1/4 pound patties) had a well-made garlic BBQ sauce on it, and I don't have any complaints about the presentation...but the burger itself seemed frozen. Now, I don't want to make any accusations, as the menu says that it's a special blend recipe made fresh, but they were in perfect circles and had that flattened look of the frozen bulk-brand school-lunch burger. And, I don't want to make any accusations, but the taste verified my thoughts.The fries--I added a side order of fries for an extra buck. I was given eighteen thin, fast-food style fries. So what, I counted. I like thin fries. But I also like Wendy's, and so far this meal has added up to be a little bit more expensive than the fast-food alternative.The milkshake--this five-dollar milkshake provided yet again an overpriced let-down.The salad--the final blow was the salad. I ordered a grilled chicken caesar, and was given grilled chicken, shredded lettuce, and Kraft parmesan cheese. I'm not sure if they under-dressed the salad or forgot the dressing altogether, but it was surprisingly bland and bare. Hello Bistro offers a great $9 salad, and you can get caesar dressing on it, too, but you also get a little bit more than Kraft parmesan and lettuce. Even Wendy's throws in cherry tomatoes.All of this came to a whopping $23. I understand that fast-casual isn't fancy, but it also shouldn't equate to fast-food at double the price.My gripe is that a place like this has so much potential, and from the look of the menu, it's everything I've ever wanted in a fast-casual experience. I love the atmosphere, I love the options, I love everything about it...except for the food. Best Burger in Shadyside? Sorry. I might come back for a $3 special sometime, but other than that, let's just add this place to the ever-expanding list of Shadyside let-downs.
3	Food is good and love the idea of half-off make your own burger night. 2/3 of the time you get charged full price and if it is busy, it is a pain in the butt to get anyone to fix it. Would like to bring people to try it out on half off night but don't want to risk it. Instead my place to grab a quick bite late at night
5	Stackd has a really awesome down to earth staff who are always helpful and attentive. The burgers are awesome and they always put on what football game you wanna watch. I will definitely be coming back.
3	This is a great bar for a Tuesday night and highly recommend going after 9pm to get the $3 burger special.  Go early to get a seat because this place fills up slightly after 9. I sat all the way upstairs and the bar was quiet but it was a Tuesday night after all.  They had a great list of draft beers including Pumking which I would have normally gotten but at $10 for a small glass that was a little much for me. I ended up with a bottle of Purple Haze another favorite of mine. The bartender told me there was a glitch in the computer system and it only rang up for $3-nice surprise.  Unfortunately this didn't happen for the second round but the bartender made sure to tell me in advance which was perfectly fine.  I stayed for the 9 o'clock burger special and it was declivous. Pleasantly surprised by the double burger and highly recommend the Stack'd special sauce!
5	Great burgers, great curly fries and great prices! Also, it serves until later than most places in Pittsburgh which makes it even greater. We go to this place very often with many friends and all of us enjoy it. Never had any kind of problem so far. Good atmosphere also.
3	My friends and I go here A LOT. They have half price stack'd burgers on Tuesday nights starting at 9. I pretty much only go here for half-off burgers, but I've been here a few times for full-priced food. The food isn't all that great, so my review is essentially: for a half-price burger, it's awesome! But for a full-price burger, it's ok.They make you get the burger well-done and don't ask a temp. For people that actually like burgers, that can be kind of a deal breaker. But you can choose your bun, toppings, etc, and add fries for just a buck! They are also one of the only places that offers peanut butter burgers. I love a peanut butter burger with iceburg lettuce, fried bananas, and pineapple mayo. Seriously so good.The fries are always just a TINY BIT too salty for my tastes. And I looooove salty fries, so that really speaks to how much they tend to over salt them.The beer pitcher deal is great. I think it's 6 bucks for a pitcher of Yuengling. The service is always friendly. They've messed up our orders a few times, but when we're paying half-price, we don't even bother complaining. It's just not that big of a deal.All in all, decent place, decent service, AND I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER BURGERS.Oh, also, for the vegetarians of the world, the veggie burger is pretty good. Nice and crispy! Nom nom!
5	My girlfriend and I had a great time here during our brief visit to the 'Burgh.  My bacon-cheddar burger on a pretzel bun w/ spicy garlic BBQ sauce & cajun fries was the perfect way to soak up Saturday night's alcohol.  My girlfriend really enjoyed her turkey burger wrap w/ guacamole.  They have the NFL Sunday Ticket with plenty of TVs (our booth had it's own TV), and plenty of seating between the downstairs and upstairs bars, so it's a perfect place to watch the games.  Our waitress was attentive and always ready to refill our drinks before we had to ask.  The GM came by our table to make sure we were enjoying ourselves and put the game we wanted to watch on our booth's TV--he's a good dude.  If you're in/around Shady Side and haven't hit Stack'd yet, you're missing out.
5	This place..... ROCKS. I first came here between lunch and dinner (we woke up late) with my boyfriend. Their customizable sheet is what makes this place so awesome. There was 1 waitress I had a bad experience with (mainly inattentive, seemed to prefer flirting with the guys at the bar rather than taking her customer's orders, never once got my order correct--I had her 3 different occasions and each time she always forgot at least 1 thing), but everyone else has been spectacular. There is one waitress in particular who is my favorite, and the next time I go I will write her name up here because she is fantastic. Also, you can't beat the Tuesday night stack'd burger special, but I'd still go back any other time of the day.
5	This is hands down the best burger I've ever had.  And as a carnivore-for-life, I've had my fair share of burgers.  The toppings were creative (fired mac n'cheese?  get out of town), the beer selection was choice (there was Pumking on draft when we were there), and the siracha honey sauce had me licking the plate.I can't wait to go back (and have been pestering my friends to do so repeatedly) to satisfy my burgery hunger once more.
5	I would honestly say best burgers in town....period. And I am comparing to the well known competitors.
4	Half-priced burgers Tuesday Night (I kinda don't want to advertise this here at the fear of the place being crowded when I go!). A great deal - 3 bucks for a 1/2 lb burger and then you can add a bunch of free toppings and then other toppings are like a buck each. My burger with cheese and fried egg, cucumbers, relish, sauteed mushrooms and banana peppers with cajun fries was a total of 6 bucks (as a graduate student, I will gladly take up on anything that gets me full in 6 bucks) - and can't forget the 6 dollar pittcher of yuengling.The thing I like about the upstairs is that it doesn't really get crowded until a bit later (I am talking about the weekends) - though right off of walnut. They have a ton of TVs and decent drink prices, cheap beer, a couple of dart boards as well. So they do have that going for them and I usually like coming here if I want somewhere happening but not somewhere where I have to bump into 40 people just to get to the bar.As for the burgers - mind you they are tasty. Mine was a tad bit over done yesterday but I finished the whole thing - so that is a testament to my hunger as well as the tastiness of the burger (my friend got chicken fingers on a burger - where else can you add chicken fingers on a burger for a buck).All in a all, a toned down version of walnut that I don't mind going to. Thursday nights aren't super crowded either (and for you vegetarians out there - it's half price veggie burgers on wednesdays)
5	Great beer selection and custom-made burgers - what else do you need? Plenty of micro-brews for the beer enthusiasts out there. Fantastic amount of topping combinations to try out on any one of their brilliant burgers. If you're looking for more than pub-grub though, you may be disappointed. This is a rather no-nonsense beer & burger style joint. Well worth checking out and enjoying a game at if you're ever near Shady Side.
5	Try getting peanut butter and fritos on your burger!
3	The Birthday Cake Milkshake was good, the Burgers been ok but it wasn't special. The service was very nice!
4	I'm an unusual burger customer.  I am not impressed by a slew of toppings and opportunity to make my own crazy sandwich that is 5 times the size of my mouth.  I am looking for a good tasting burger on a complimentary bun with toppings that make sense.  Since toppings on huge burgers is Stack'd's (?) thang, I was expecting to feel stressed and overwhelmed about what to order, then spontaneously blurting out random things that separately may be delightful but smashed together are a horrid nightmare.This did not happen at Stack'd.  Maybe because fried mac n' cheese is good with/on/in anything?  Same with bacon and egg?  Yes, I played it safe and picked toppings that could do no wrong, but even angelic toppings could not elevate a burger than isnt good in the first place.  Stack'd has good, big, juicy burgers.  On big, hearty buns.  Great beer selection, tater tots, friendly service.  I'll take Stack'd over BRGR any night.
4	My wife and I were in the Shadyside area today and were looking for a place to eat lunch because we couldn't find parking around Pitt's campus. We were walking down the street and saw Stack'd and I gave Yelp a quick look and saw some good reviews so we walked in.First off, we were only on the first floor so I'm not sure how much is upstairs but the I was concerned walking in about having a kid with us as our 2 yr old daughter was with but they had highchairs and also they had a chalkboard on the wall. However, the first floor was small. Again, maybe more room upstairs but I'm not sure.We had fried pierogies, two burgers and my wife has fries and I had tots. Everything was delicious especially for the price. I was surprised that my burger had two patties but then realized the place is called Stack'd so two stacked patties shouldn't have been that surprising. The only thing I would have liked was a few more tots on my plate. Seemed like my wife got a lot of fries and I can't say the same for the side of tots.Overall value here was fantastic. Great food comparable to BRGR in Cranberry but literally at half the price. We would definitely go again and are very glad we happened upon it.
4	We came upon this place after the recommended Italian restaurant across the street had a long wait.  We were weary from travelling to Pittsburgh from Va and hungry so we opted for burgers. What a great find.  You build your own tasty burger!  The beer was great and we ordered the peanutbutter bacon milkshake...this may sound gross but it was unique and yummy!
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! I found this place after they followed me on Twitter so I looked up what it was. After visiting  their website my husband and I were there the next week. We loved Burgatory, so we weren't sure how we would feel about this place... However, after our first visit a few months ago we have been back multiple times and take friends to experience it each time we go. Just like Burgatory, you can create your own Burger/sandwich, but the choices are way better and everything is much bigger and the prices are amazing for the amount of food you get not to mention it tastes delicious! They have specials on different days of the week, but they always have $6 pitchers of Yuengling and $15 fish bowls. I have yet to have their milkshakes, but hear they are comparable to Burgatory. If you love Burgatory, this is a must visit restaurant! You'll love it!!
3	I like the idea of Stack'd but I was a little underwhelmed when I actually came here.First, kudos to the bartender who didn't show that she was frustrated with me when I had so many requests for an order to-go.  The ambiance was also nice; it was pseudo-industrial/urban and clean.  There are four TVs at the bar and it looks like it seats a lot of people in a small space without being crushed.Second, I'm struggling with the value.  The burger was okay.  When you're only known for one thing, you should do that thing really well.  I elected to go with the 1/4 pound burger instead of the 1/2 pound (one patty vs. two patties).  My burger was quite frankly dry and didn't taste like much.  It was also quite a bit smaller than the whole wheat bun.  I tasted the toppings more - tomatoes, spinach, and Fritos.  There were only about 5 Fritos on top.  I think I also put a honey ranch sauce or something - clearly it didn't make an impression and was really only there to give it some moisture.Third, the fries.  They were good, but again, average.  I understand that in America we're used to getting 3 serving's worth of fries, so when I was presented with the small pile of fries, I was a little miffed.  $2 extra for just plain fries.  No curlies, no seasoning, nothing fancy.  If you want fries on the side, get the fancy ones because no matter what, you're paying a flat rate of two dollars.  I don't know what their business model is, but I would happily have a small side of fries or chips given to me and if I wanted something special (seasoned fries, curlies, etc) I would gladly pay extra.I would come back on their burger night for half-priced burgers, but I'm not sure if I'd make the trip out here on any other occasion.
5	Really enjoyed the burger and Old Bay Fries kicked it up a notch.  Great place with an excellent beer selection
4	First off, I just want to say that I don't consider myself a "burger type". It is not something I normally crave or order from a menu.  So, if I say I liked the burgers I had here at Stack'd...that's quite a big deal. I'm a total cheapskate, so when I heard about the $3 specials on Tuesdays, I had to give this place a try. It was pretty packed for a Tuesday night and seemed to appeal to a more college-age crowd. There are definitely certain college-bar features: loud music, poor lighting and drunken college kids. There are two floors so plenty of seats. The service was on point. Even though it was crowded, the waitress spotted us right away and came by for our order. The food came pretty quickly. The meat was juicy and flavorful. I really appreciate the fact that it was actual burger juice that dripped down my arm, not grease. I couldn't really taste the sauce or any of the other condiments, which isn't a bad thing because that great chunk of beef stole the show. For an extra $2, you get a handful of fries on the side. That was a total rip-off though. The fries weren't that spectacular, just your ordinary fries.     Overall, I thought it was great place to grab some late night fatty bites. For those on a budget like myself, go on Tuesdays after 9pm for their $3 burger special. With an additional $2 for fries, you're looking at only $5 for a pretty fulfilling meal. I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews for this place. I really liked it...can't beat $3 burgers.
5	The burgers here are so yummy . They have a pretty wide variety of beers as well . Pretty good place to hangout with friends !
1	I was super excited to go and get a fish bowl but they took it off the menu but we ended up staying and to get some apps and we started to eat and soon enough we found a bug in one of our dishes and ruined everything else. So just be mindful.
4	What a little gem in Shadyside. I lived here for 3 years right down the road and never went here. However, I just went in last night for the $3 veggie burger special! Unfortunately, I didn't realize that the special was only for 9-midnight, but that did not stop me from still getting the burger and leave me wanting to go here next Wednesday night. A friend and I stopped in here after work and just made it in time for happy hour- which I would say is not very good compared to similar restaurants (drafts are only $1 off). However, the list is pretty incredible and they do have good drinks specials on other nights (I think I read they have $1 mixed drinks on Thursday nights, which makes me want to go back tonight and take the morning off work tomorrow!). We received our burger check list and I was pleasantly surprised and the diversity of sauces, toppings, and add-ons to my burger. You can get up to 4 toppings free- further, the happy hour included half-off a basket of fries. The quality of the burger was very good. I enjoyed the food, the venue (which I didn't realize until I walked out that there is an entire second floor with a full bar and tables upstairs), and I am looking forward to coming back to enjoy some of the specials.
4	I have been to Stack'd multiple times and each experience has left me wanting for something. The 4 stars is more for the beer,the fried mac and cheese bites, and the pricing on their burgers. Let me start with the positives from Stack'd:The set up is very nice-all of the booths have an individual TV at them. We sat at the bar  during most of our trips here. The draft list was pretty solid-Bell's Two hearted (my personal favorite), Dogfish head 60 min IPA (what I drank last night),Yuengling,Redds Apple Ale,Victory Hop-it was a decent variety that seems to have something for everyone. Yuengling pitchers are $6 all day everyday which is a great price. Also they run food specials for half price burgers on Tuesday but we arrived too early for that. The best food item we ordered was the fried mac and cheese. They were served pipping hot and honestly it's hard to go wrong with mac and cheese anything. The spicy ranch was a complimentary sauce as well. We each built a burger-which I do agree with one of the previous reviews that I have had better cooked burgers from a fast food drive thru-my burger was charred and burned. On my burger was cheddar,grilled onions and mushrooms, and garlic BBQ sauce. I couldn't taste the garlic BBQ because there was hardly any on the burger. The grilled mushrooms and onions were good toppings but there needed to be more sauce as well as a burger cooked to my liking, which is medium. I ordered a 1/4 burger and received a 1/2 pound burger. My dining partner ordered a 1/2 pound burger and received a 1/4 pound burger so I ate half of mine and let him finish the rest. My dining partner's burger had grilled onions, blue cheese,and the Stack'd house sauce.He said the old bay fries were very good. I got tater tots which were hot but flavorless. Service was ok nothing notable about it. We both agreed these burgers were priced less than Burgatory and therefore we expected less so we were not too disappointed. These would be a real steal from 9-12 on Tuesdays when a 1/2 pound burger is only $3.
5	Absolutely outstanding service, atmosphere, drink specials, and food. The burgers are delicious, and it is hands down one of the best hidden gems on Walnut St.
3	This was my first time here and I would compare it to burgatory. The food was excellent and I maybe a little bit obsessed with their pretzel bun. They have some awesome add ons for your burgers like peanut butter, Fried Perogi, and fried bananas. My only complaint would be the service, I asked the waitress for some some suggestions for my burger and all she could say was "people do some crazy things". I really wanted a fun suggestion.
4	I love this place! The burgers are awesome! You fill out a check card of everything and anything you could possibly want on a burger. We also got the basket of fries with cheese. I was pleasantly surprised when they served the fries with liquid nacho cheese. I prefer that to melted shredded cheese which I found is popular in other places around here. Highly recommended! The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is because of how loud/dark the bar area is and how rude they are about the TVs in the booths. All we did was turn ours off and we ended up getting a 5 minute lecture about breaking it. Besides that I will definitely be back.
5	The honey sriracha chicken tenders are probably the greatest things I have ever placed in my mouth. These little crack nuggets are incredible and an incredible price. I dive face first into these every time I go.
4	I reserve my 5 stars for the fancy restaurants with ridiculously talented chefs, so this is the highest I'll go for stack'd.Stack'd is pretty cheap if you consider the specials. Monday night wings are $5, Tuesday night 1/2 lb burgers are $3 (some toppings and cheese aren't free tho), Wednesday night veggie burgers are $3... there are other specials too, but I don't drink much so I can't remember. Though you do have to make sure to show up between 9-12 for the specials. I think one of my orders went in at 8:55PM and it was full price.Aside from the specials, things are a little bit overpriced. The milkshakes are $5. Though they are really good, I don't give that much credit. But I do order the milkshakes a lot, partially due to my guiltiness of coming in on Tuesday nights way too much.About quality, it's pretty good considering its price. It's definitely worth it for the specials, and it's still pretty decent for its regular price. Also, the toppings and sauces available here covers almost everything you can imagine, plus some really creative ones, like peanut butter or fried pineapple or chicken fingers. I haven't tried much of those yet.I do have one problem with how they prepare the burgers though. They seemed to have tried too hard to stack it. Most places press on the patty when they grill it, which makes it ready faster and reduces the height, but not this place. As a result the patty's super thick while only half the area of the bun. It's not a deal breaker, but you do get trouble eating it since it's so high but half of it is empty.But that's a minor issue. Other than that, environment's fine, never seen it dirty, bartenders are nice, and there are always sports shows on the screens. On Tuesday nights the place is super crowded. I've seen parties waiting at the door. Other times are okay.
3	First off I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by how clean it was in here, especially at the bar area, and the reason I am not giving it only two stars is because of the cleanliness.My friend and I always order two things and split them in half to share since we usually want the same things. We ordered potato skins (I had been craving some for awhile now and saw them on the menu here so that's why we decided to give this place a shot) and got a quarter pound burger on a pretzel bun. We got the burger with lettuce, grilled onions, frito's, spicy ranch, and avocado's so let me just say I was excited for all those flavors! When it came to the potato skins I was disappointed even at first glance since I noticed that the cheese on top had not melted all the way and they seemed very oily. As for taste they were bland and greasy. The burger was disappointing as well. Let me tell you now that I do not recommend getting a quarter pound burger on a pretzel bun because it just is too small for that amount of bread, there was a least an inch of extra bread around the burger. The burger meat itself tasted unseasoned and not that great. The toppings made it slightly better, but there were maybe two frito's on the burger and I basically only tasted the avocado. We also got curly fries on the side and they were lukewarm to start and cold after a few minutes had past. On the plus side, the prices were a little cheaper than Burgatory or BRGR, but the taste does not make up for it. The bartender was also super nice and attentive. I don't know who controls the music, but it was perfect! It was like they took all my ITunes playlists, so that is another plus. I might come back for just drinks, but there are plenty of other options on Walnut street that might be better quality overall.
4	Veggie burger perfected to the way you like paired with incredible Cajun fries! The service was fast and friendly and the prices are reasonable, what else could you ask for? We stopped in late at night for some good food and they truly delivered!
1	Stack'd...your concept is brilliant but your dining room could use some extra side work.The choices on the burger BYO was impressive.  But why be so specific about toppings and then not ask me what temperature I want my burger cooked to?I like the decor and the music selection, but when there are six people in the restaurant, why is the bar music at a level that makes conversation near impossible...?The food looks and smells fantastic.  I just got a glimpse and a whiff of the stuff the annoying hipsters next to us ordered.  My own food, however, has taken over twenty minutes at this point.  (We ordered two burgers and an order of ten wings.)Your bartender texts a lot but at least she makes rounds frequently.My burger was good.  So were my wings.  The fries were a little lackluster, but hey, they're fries.  And they're not bad, just not what I expected.  Your napkins are too soft for wings.  And the bartender just took a plate out from under my girlfriend's face while she was eating.  Like elbows on the table chowing down on a wing.  Now, we both work  in the service industry - I'm a chef and she's a GM - and that just isn't done.I have to say, until that, I would have given you two stars for food and thrown you on my take-out list.  Now, we won't be back.
2	Just so disappointing, I would maybe go if they have the burger deal going. The customer service was great but the food IS AWFUL. WHY CAN YOU ONLY SERVE BURGERS WELL DONE?
2	Went here hoping for a burger without the fuss.   What I  got reminded me of all the marginal places near campus of every college town I've  ever been in. Disappointed
4	I was here for a Steeler's game 2 weeks ago and decided to try a chicken wrap instead of a burger since I've been pretty disappointed overall in the burgers I have received and maybe this is just what needs to be ordered more often. I dressed it up with sweet thai chili sauce,sauteed mushrooms,sauteed onions, and spinach and this is probably the best meal I have eaten at Stack'd.
4	I love their burgers and all appetizers. Everyday from 5 to 7, half off all appetizers!! No happy hour prices for takeout though, that's why one star slashed off
3	Your typical burger in a pub.  The great part about Stack'd is that you get to build your own burger and put whatever toppings you want on your burger, from guacamole to a fried egg to whatever vegetables your heart desires.  A little overcooked for my taste and the meat is 'eh', but the toppings and cheap prices are enough to satisfy your late night burger cravings (and the 3-star rating).
4	Look, I'm not an expert, but I can say for sure that this is the best burger I've had in Pittsburgh to date. The ordering and service model is similar to Burgatory, but the actual product runs laps around it. The burgers are mouth-wateringly flavorful and endlessly customizable.The shakes are definitely a 'meh' and are what holds this back from a 5/5 for me. Not to keep invoking B-tory, but their shakes are way better. The beer and TVs here also make this a great gameday joint.Would highly recommend!
