5	I have been a regular here for over 3 years now!! Thanks Jack, Jenny and the rest of the staff for always taking such great care of my Mani/Pedi needs!!
5	Thank you Jenny and Jack for always being so kind to me and to the friends who I sometimes bring to your salon. Love the way my nails feel every time I leave your place. Thumbs up! (Raising my toes too!) :D
5	I'm here visiting in Vegas and found Angel Nails and Spa on yelp. I saw they have great reviews and decided to give it a try. I couldn't have asked for a better experience! They were so kind and my nails look great. I also got my eyebrows waxed and I love them! The prices were awesome. I would definitely go back!!
1	Horrible! I asked the girl not to use the cheese grater but she did not listen. My foot is now peeling and is raw! I will not be back!
5	Friendly staff. Great Service. Good prices. Nice environment. Highly recommended !
5	This place is right down the street from my house and the only place I've gone to for manicures and pedicures for the past 2 years. The staff is very friendly, the services are reasonable priced, and I love their massage chairs!!!
5	Love this place! I've gotten my nails done by jack two times and I love them! I used to go to diamond nails on rainbow but the last couple of times... I've had to wait over 30 mins even though they told me it would only be 5 or 10. Would definitely recommend angels nail and spa!
5	My girlfriend drug me there. I didn't get any polish, so they massaged me longer. Really nice and personable people. Will definitely be returning!
5	I've come here twice and both times have been great. It's located in the back of a little gas station area and its not in a busy area so it's easy to look past. I tried it out one day when I was off work and couldn't find anywhere who would take me at 6, but they were more than willing and the pedicure was such a great surprise! They massage your feet and legs for at least 5 minutes per leg and then also use hot stones followed by hot cloths, well worth it for the $25, much better service than many of the pricier joints.
5	Stopped in for the first time just to get a quick mani. The staff was some of the friendliest I've experienced so far. I didn't have an appointment and they were able to see me right away. Will be back for sure.
2	This was my first time coming here and my pedicure is perfect! I loved it. No complains on that! But my gel manicure nails? She didn't clean my nails all the way from the black and silver gels I had before. So you can see it over my French tip gel nails. Also she didn't clean up the white tip nicely... Lines were crooked ): and smeared off. And they started to chip the next day. I was in a hurry for another appointment so I didn't have time to fix it! I'm not sure who's fault it is... Mine? Because I didn't tell her to fix all of them or hers? I'm a really nice person so I didn't want to be rude!! But overall the place was okay. I give it two stars  because the people there are VERY VERY FRIENDLY AND NICE and also how good she did on my pedicure(: would I come back? Maybe... But only for a pedicure!
1	Be ready to be forced into a chair or else get the evil eye from the ladies working there!!I am currently looking for a new shop who's priority for cleanliness is high (A lot of shops lack that's now a days)So I always eat at the restaurant next door Cafe Casera the food is delicious there so I saw the nail shop and decided to go in to check prices and see how they maintain  cleanliness...So I walk in and was immediately greeted by a lady sitting next to another lady who was eating chips and looking at a magazine... she says"Can I help you"(English was fine) I said "No I'm just looking &checking out your prices "She then said "Oh ok you want a pedicure"Again I said "No thank you I'm just looking..." Then I said" Do you mind me asking how do you clean the equipment you use" all of a sudden she didn't understand me , she just looked at me I said" Do you use a uv light ? " Still she said nothing and started talking in her language to the other lady sitting at the table, a man who was doing a ladies nails at another table said"yes we clean everything or else state board gives you a fine or ticket" So I looked at the lady and asked"Do you mind if I take a look at your pedicure chairs"why not what's the big deal I'm just looking they could possibly be gaining a new customer (I've been going to my current spot for over 2 years I'm not afraid to commit) She completely ignored me  she didn't even look at me.. So I just helped myself to a quick glance and I asked"Do you have a book I can look at of your designs" She didn't even look up again and said"Just what is there" She was so rude and I already knew I would never ever come  to a place that is supposed to be relaxing with someone like that around I said"Do you have problem with me looking around, if I'm bothering you I was just trying to look at the designs you " As I was looking at the nail designs display I felt very un welcomed  all because I had a few questions and because I wasnt opening my wallet... I guess your not allowed to check out where you send your money before you spend it... Customer Service isn't #1 anymore only the $$ that comes out of your wallet... I'm not saying don't go to this shop but if you get treated like crap don't be surprised.
4	I am so glad that I went to this salon the other night. I was contemplating on going to lovely nails, but the girl that answered the phone when I called didn't seem to have a clue about gel polish products. So I skipped lovely and went to angel salon.I ran in at about 620pm and asked if they can squeeze in a gel manicure. There were only two nail techs so I did wait for about 30 minutes. However, they were both so nice and I was glad they took me as closing time was 7pm. Jenny did a great job on my nails. They do not use opi base or top coats which is why I took off one star, but definitely not a deal breaker. I can't wait to return here for a fresh gel manicure!
4	Love this place! Not only is it close to home but they took my appointment very close to closing time and even stayed open an extra hour for me. The owners Jack & Jenny are incredibly sweet and I must say I love my manicure and pedicure. Beautiful nails and super relaxing, I'm a regular! It's tucked in a strip mall that's in a neighborhood off jones so don't miss it. Great prices & deals and wonderful owners & staff!
1	First time here & I WOULD NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!  First and foremost the employees here are welcoming that's why they get at least one star. Where to begin....Im a hard critique when it comes to manis, full sets, and pedis. I tend to be very picky on how my nails and toes are done but i mean who isnt?! I heard of this place through a cousin of mine, her nails were always done very nice so I thought "let me give this place a shot since I can't wait till I go back to Cali to get them done."A Man named Jack is who did my pink and white acrylic full set. Jack seemed like he knew what he was doing which he did but NO FULL SET should ever have left over gel around every single nail!!!!!!! On top of that after the gel was put on and dried there were bumps, the excess from the white tip that were filed off, weren't buffed off correctly, each finger were filed and shaped differently JUST ALL TYPES OF WRONGS! I will  kindly give him thumbs up on applying the pink and white acrylic correctly.Then came the woman who did my pedicure *slaps forehead* lets just say half assed on scrubbing my feet then had the nerve to tell me, "she couldn't scrup the rest of my calluses because my feet were already soft" when CLEARLY you could see more calluses. Isn't that what a pedi is all about?! Making your feet look and feel brand new? !?! Not to mention the way she painted my toes were HORRIBLE.I haven't been satisfied in a very long time with a couple of these nail salons here in vegas. They need to thoroughly do their jobs WELL!!!!END OF STORY!never coming here again. For $95 for a full set of pink and white acrylic plus gel on my toes was NOT WORTH EVERY DOLLAR! Sorry
4	Stopped in with 2 girlfriends for a ladies night out before going to dinner. They were beyond accommodating! The staff here is very friendly and funny... most importantly they all know what they are doing and the results are AMAZING! They currently have a promotion going on where if you spend $50 you get a free mani on your next visit... AWESOME! The pricing was al reasonable, especially for the quality work! Katie was my technician and did a fabulous pedi and gel mani with a sparkle fade! I will absolutely be heading back here soon to visit for my next service!Stop by the next time you need any nail service!
5	Love taking my girlfriend here to get her manis/pedis and wax done! Jenny does great gel nails & waxing and Jack does wonderful full sets. Great service & clean atmosphere! Jack always keeps the shop nice & tidy.So glad that they've returned to Angel Nails!
3	So I came here to get a quick manicure while I wait to meet a friend for dinner. I called ahead of time to see how much a regular manicure would be and if there was a wait. The lady on the phone spoke English and she had good phone etiquette. I came in and asked to get a regular manicure. My nail tech offered gel manicure for $30. I politely declined and chose a color. When I sat down she tried up selling me to do gel again and she explained the benefits of gel vs regular polish. I have done gel before and I already know the difference. So I explained to her that I'm actually just killing time and wanted a quick manicure an maybe I can do gel later. I really thought I was going to come back to make an appointment for a pedi/gel mani because the lady was super nice and she spoke good English. BUT she kept bringing up the gel thing!!! Right before she applied the first coat she's like..."well I can't guarantee it'll stay on long or that it won't chip because it's not gel"..."gel is better"... "Everyone likes gel".....so she's making these comments the whole time and so I start getting irritated and it just totally turned me off. She made me feel bad for not doing gel?! Sooo uncomfortable! Wow probably not going back again....so weird because she was nice....but more so passive aggressive. My nails came out good tho!!
5	JACK AND JENNY ARE BACK!!!! Jack has done my nails for over 3 years and I will follow him and Jenny where ever they go. Jenny does fantastic job on pedicure and waxing.  Jack does amazing on pink and whites and phenomenal free had designs. They are husband and wife running a great salon. Always call ahead they get busy but walk in 's  always welcome too.  Tell everyone Jack and Jenny are back!!!!!!
