5	One of the rare customer oriented bike shops in the Phoenix area. Denis is amazing and the staff takes time to address any questions without making you feel idiotic or uncool.
5	Andy is dabomb!
1	The long haired guy tried to tell me my bike didn't work (it does work) and that I needed an $80 tune-up for it to work again, I've been riding my bike all day with no problems!
5	I went in on New Years Eve.  Walked in with my flat tire, the associate came around the corner and took it, repaired it in less then two minutes and I was on my way.  Associate was hospitable and quick.  Just the way I like it.  FYI: I couldn't help but notice that they had a large selection of bikes too.  When I'm due for a new bike, I'll be sure to check this place out again.
5	This store has a service oriented crew and a very helpful owner, Andy.  They are always eager to assist and never have steered us wrong.  We are new to bicycling and they have been patient and informative. If you like two-wheeling, give them a try.
5	Andy (and his crew) are Awesome! I am new to town - found this place on Yelp! and brought my cruiser hybrid in. Andy went right to work - my rear sprocket was shot (amateur...) and Andy had it off and a new one on in minutes. A little oil and I was on my way. Brought back my '78 Peugot for a tune up and a new derailer. I have 5 new gears I never knew existed! Very reasonable for a nearly "new" bike! Thanks fellas!!
5	This is the store. No snobbery, just great customer service. Just when I thought I would never find a great down to earth store with professional knowledge I found it. I love the fact that I can send anybody to this shop and they always thanks me for doing so. Andy and his crew will take care of a simple flat to helping cable a 8,000 bike and you will still be treated with a friendly attitude. Honesty, kindness and a great attitude is what you're gonna get from this store. No more walking around like a zombie on a bike search or snobby remarks. Great job..Keep it up guys! I'm waiting to try the new Giant Propel and yet need a cruiser to ride to work. Perfect balance! Sweet!Peter NeyPro Triathlete/Avid Cyclist/And done with bike egos...go to BOP!
4	Had 2 bikes repaired - came in at 5:50 to pickup my bikes  ( 2 young guys) stayed late adding accessories that I wanted at the last minute- they went the extra mile and installed them without being pissed and had smile and seemed glad i was there as a customer -- you don't see that These days -- even though that I  kept them late. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this shop..
3	The owner seems very knowledgeable and service-oriented. He went out of his way to help me out on my first visit to the shop. And, for this, I wouldn't hesitate to give the shop 5 stars and to deal with owner any time and every time. The problem I experienced is with some of the staff. I am talking about 2 guys in particular, since others at the shop seem great. So these 2 performed unnecessary services to my bike without my prior authorization. (The owner and I had previously agreed that the bike was good to go.) They returned my bike to me with a major malfunction, which was not there before and which seems directly related to the services performed. Even if the malfunction had been there before, I can't see how a responsible bike repair professional could let a customer ride away like that without diagnosing the problem and offering to fix it for an extra charge. And, when asked about these things, these 2 staff members basically worked themselves up into a tantrum, instead of providing even the most basic level of customer service. I am giving this shop 3 stars, which is an average of 5 for the owner and 1 for the staff. Like I said, I literally had one of my best and one of my worst retail experiences here. Overall, I recommend the shop but be careful whom you deal with over there.
2	We've always come here to buy bikes and have our bikes repaired and had great customer service. Unfortunately, since new ownership has taken over, customer service has gone downhill significantly. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
5	Wow. If you are looking for a bicycle this is the place to come. Lots and lots of inventory. There is a very knowledgable staff that is very willing to discuss what you are looking for and make suggestions. I told Joe he was a little out of my budget range when  he showed me the $13000 bicycle. :-)  Merry Christmas BOP. I will see you again in the new year.
5	We purchased my son's first Giant mtn bike here 2 years ago and just purchased a much more advanced bike for him recently. We are very pleased with the knowledge and customer service from the gang at BOP. This is a down-to-earth, friendly place with guys and gals who know all kinds of biking. The inventory is first rate and extensive as is the service from Joe, Laura, and their team. Side note: As we've been shopping here since they opened and have had only enjoyable experiences with them I was surprised to see some negative comments below; I would encourage you to speak to Joe about them to set them right; he's a great listener, open to customer input and all about good relationships and making new friends. Thanks Joe, Laura and crew, you're the best!Dan
5	I went to BOP looking for a crossover Giant.   The staff, including the owner, was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable.  I am a big fan of customer service and couldn't be happier that I chose BOP to find my bike. I bought a Giant Roam Zero.  It was on back order due in Feb 2014. Joe (the owner) was able to pull strings to get Giant to send out earlier.  Received my bike on Nov 28th and love it.  I recommend anyone looking for a bike (of any kind) to go see the guys at BOP.  Knowledge is key and these guys know what's up with bikes!
4	Tucked behind, up & in from the Red Lobster on the E. side of PV Mall you'll find Bicycles of Phoenix (BOP), one of the largest & best bike shops I've ever been in. They have a huge selection of in-stock bikes & accessories. I found the white replacement grips for my daughter's pink & white beach cruiser that I couldn't find elsewhere (my first time in the shop). The only problem was that they were much NICER than my grips (plus a little pricey), but they fit the bill so I bit the bullet.When the hub on my Electra beach cruiser went out recently, they had it repaired quickly for a reasonable price. Recently, I've shopped BOP for a beach cruiser for my wife and a BMX bike for my son, but haven't bought. I find the prices high, but maybe I'm just cheap. I won't pay $300-$400+ for a recreational bike (cruiser or BMX style). And the few that were less just didn't cut it.The selection is great, the staff is friendly & helpful. The prices are what I'd classify as "high retail" - and I'm a bargain hunter. So if you don't mind that, BOP is a fantastic place to buy a bike. Plus, you'll probably find that accessory or part you're looking for there too.
5	Bicycles of Phoenix is a great store with a knowledgable staff that are really dedicated to the cycling industry.  The staff took the time to show me some shoes that I didn't even know existed and really listened to my questions and introduced me to the perfect product.  They also showed me some of their personal mountain bikes and it is good to know that the people in the shop ride the bikes that they sell.  BOP is a nicely laid out bike shop with a family friendly environment and a knowledgable staff.  Thank you!
5	We've been buying bikes there as our son grows up. We also bring our bikes there for tune ups and to buy accessories. The guys there always provide awesome service, helpful answers and a great selection of everything you need. Best in north Phx /Scottsdale!
5	Me and my girlfriend were looking for a bike last summer (2013). We went to the standard big box type stores like Target, Walmart, Toy R Us, etc... I was dead set on purchasing a Trek bike for myself, not from any of the aforementioned stores of course, and my girlfriend didn't really care where she got hers from. After looking around at these stores, I came to the conclusion that the bikes from these stores were nothing but junk. Because I am a local business owner, I do my best to shop small and local. After jumping on the internet, we came across BOP and saw that they were less than a mile away from us. We went in there and I was amazed at the size of the shop. What was even more amazing with the level of customer service that was provided and the time they took to answer all our questions. As I was looking around, I saw a Scott Hybrid style bike on sale, much like the Trek FX bike I was set on getting. It was a complete steal, and I got more of my money's worth than I would have with the Trek FX bike. So when I was done gawking at this bike, I decided to purchase it. We then turned to by girlfriends needs. This was tricky because my girlfriend didn't want to spend more than $150 on a bike for a beach cruiser style bike. The sales guy explained to us that the best "bang for your buck" was to go with an Electra. Although these were a bit pricy, the rep explained to us the their built quality is far more superior to any Huffy we'd find at other big box stores. After him taking the time to answer all of our questions, we decided to spend the extra cash to get the Electra. Here it is almost a year later and we couldn't be happier with our purchases. One of the main selling points for us was that the bikes came with free adjustments for life. We've gone in a couple of times now to get adjustments, and each time we go in there, it's been nothing but a pleasant experience. I am now looking for a full suspension bike, and I know this is where I'll be going to get it. There are many good, locally owned bike shops in Phoenix. Even if you don't purchase from them, I always suggest shopping small and supporting your local businesses. This place has my business for life :)
5	Just getting back on a bike after many, many years. Great to have a bike shop that takes the time to answer questions and give advice because they want you to do it right. Did not buy my bike from them but they treated me as if I had. Great service and rider support.
2	I really wanted to support this local bike shop but having visited this shop on two separate occasions the customer service was minimal at best. The shop is located in a very kid friendly complex so I thought they might also cater to kids.  I was wrong.  I went in to purchase my daughter her first bike and if she hadn't fallen in "love" with the pink bike(only 2 brands to choose from) I would have walked away.   There can always be one bad apple in a group so I decided to try them again. I returned today to get her a new helmet and a different employee was equally disinterested in helping us.
5	The folks at Bicycles of Phoenix are truly a class act. My wife and I, in our mid/late sixties were in the market for a couple of bikes that fit our changing bodies and exercise needs now (as oppose to the mountain bikes we bought 30+ years ago). We were extremely pleased with how the sales gent, Jason, provided us with the guidance we needed to make an informed decision as well as the patience and politeness he showed us, two members of the aging Baby Boomer generation. We think the world of this fellow because he steered us in the right direction in selecting the kind of bikes we  bought that fit our bodies and budget, as well as addressing the questions and concerns we had related to our changing riding patterns. All-in-all this was a great buying experience for us because of Jason and the rest of the crew at Bicycles of Phoenix...plus that operation's wide selection of bikes carrying a wide array of prices and styles. Thanks again Guys. Outstanding Job! Roger Marach
5	Stopped by to purchase a new bike for my son's 11th birthday.  Worked with Jason who was  terrific. Got a great quality bike that my son wanted, at a reasonsble price, and with unlimited adjustments for life. Great shop that I would not have found without you, Yelp. Recommend that you stop by....
5	Michael at Bicycles of Phoenix was just wonderful. I stopped in with a flat tire and he fixed it right away.  It is really nice to know that we have a family business right here in our backyard.  I will go there for all of by cycling needs.  Thank you Michael.
5	I just purchased a BMX bike for my son and everyone at BOP made the experience great!!! They were super helpful, friendly and knowledgable. This will be the only place we purchase bikes from now on.
5	Great Bike Shop and I do not even live here. Visiting a friend and needed a part. Reviewed them on Yelp and glad I stop by. I recently purchased a mountain bike where I live and I wish I bought it at BOP. He shared with me a ton of useful info about my bike and settings. He was going to let me have the part for free! I ended up buying a bag and water bottle. He took the time to show me my bike that I didn't even purchase from them. There selection was great. Buy your bike from here. It is far and few between you get honest customer service like that anymore.
5	I first came to Bicycles of Phoenix about two weeks ago to buy a helmet.  I'm just getting back into riding a bike, so needed a better helmet than the one I bought 20 years ago.  The staff at Bicycles of Phoenix helped me choose a perfect helmet.  I tried on 4 or 5 and the knowledgeable staff checked the fit on each one.Then I took my first longer distance ride and realized my bike need some new tires and a few adjustments.  I dropped my bike off on Sunday at 11:30.  Again, the staff took their time and explained what my bike needed in the way of tires.  I agreed to have the tires replaced, heavy duty tubes installed and slime as well.  I had the brakes adjusted and new grips and kickstand installed.  Although they told me it would be done on Monday, they called at 2:30 to say it was ready to go!When I picked up the bike, they told me that I didn't need the heavy duty tubes or slime due to the type of tire I had chosen.  This tire had a free tube replacement for 5 years and was an extra thick tire.  Now, they could have charged me for the upgrades, and I wouldn't have known the difference, but they didn't.  I love supporting small locally owned businesses, and couldn't be happier with the customer attention at Bicycles of Phoenix.  Their prices are reasonable and the service was top notch.  Thanks!
1	I'm surprised there are only two other not-so-great reviews. The small business, good vibe that used to exist here is gone. Under new ownership, this place has gone from a neighborhood treasure to a place to avoid. Before, I would go in for a new tube and a small repair and it would be done promptly and I'd feel like I'd been given a fair price (many times I wouldn't have to pay for labor if the parts were easy to install). The past 3 times I've been in, I've been charged for parts, installation and additional fees for simple tasks. Also, during each visit I've witnessed or overheard rude comments from the staff about customer stupidity. If you're looking for a place to feel condescension from an elite staff of arrogant hourly employees, here's your nirvana. I understand businesses need to make money and that retail is annoying at times, but I'll gladly drive a few extra miles to avoid more punishment.
5	What can I say about the amazing experience at this shop!First, as a new cyclist, it can be intimidating approaching a sport/hobby that comes with a hefty price tag.  However, the staff was very friendly, greeted me, and did not try to immediately shove a pricy bike down my throat.Adrian, a BOP worker, helped me out and answered all of my questions regarding different bikes and their respective components.  Ultimately, I picked a bike that I felt was within my price range and one which had the goods I was looking for.  I was amazed that Adrian would not try and up-sell me into something that was not for me.  In fact, he entertained my final pick and suggested a similar model, from the same brand, that was about $500 less.  Talk about taking confidence in that they genuinely care that you are buying a product that truly fits you!Joe and Laura (owners) definitely have a great thing going on with BOP.  After making my selection and waiting for my bike to get adjusted, they made conversation with me and made me feel relaxed and at home.  Not once did I feel pressured to buy something that wasn't "me."In closing, this is a great place to buy a bike.  It truly is a shop with the perfect mix of products and genuine customer service and care.  I am happy to say I am a new BOP customer.-J. Mauricio Valles-
5	Great service! Bought a 2" Yakima bike rack from these guys last week, and they were excellent! Very knowledgable, helpful, and communicative while the rack was being special ordered for my car. They even put it together and gave me a quick tutorial on how to use it, load it, and dismantle it. A+! Thank you for great customer service. I'll be back.
