4	Stopped into Guido's tonight.  What a great place.  Doing the low carb thing and had meatballs and a salad.  Everything was very tasty.  I brought pasta and garlic bread home for the girls.  They liked it as well.  I've been to Guido's many times.  It is a Chicago style Italian Deli.   I've had the Italian beef and sausage. Tastes great but is a heart  attack waiting to happen.  The Pizza is good too.I love the grocery/deli decor.  The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.
5	Ahhhh, sweet, sweet Guido's. This place rocks. Just met a friend for lunch and had the prosciutto & Provolone and some fries... I know, I know- but they are all worth it. I can't say enough about how great the food is here. I used to go way more often when I lived closer, but I still try to get back whenever I can. It's a nice little place with indoor and outdoor seating, not enough to be crazy, just enough to fill the place up right. They are quick enough for a business lunch and I promise if you take a client here, they will thank you and want to bring people back. The owner is ALWAYS there, and is always watching over the place, something I find very admirable and effective. While I was there, I watched him walking through the place straightening out, a big plus for me. The prices are in line with a sub shop of much lesser quality so for the same money you can get real Italian stuff :) Definitely worth stopping in if you like good food and laid back atmosphere.
5	Good stuff.  Stopped in for lunch yesterday, and picked up a roast beef sub and a turkey sub.  Both delicious.  Just what I was hoping for...authentic Chicago-Italian taste and presentation. Also picked up a couple cans of ground tomatoes and a jar of hot giardiniera.  Always good to have the former on hand, and the latter...yeah, I love being able to add that to my sandos at home.Marinara looked good, salads behind the counter were beautiful. Dry goods/foodstuffs were exactly what I was hoping for...pasta, sardines, clams, EVOO, etc.  Was stoked to see that they stock '00' flour.A deli that's done right.  Will be hitting this on a regular basis.
3	I told my mom to take me to somewhere good we could sit down and have an actual meal. She chose this, she has some obsession with deli's of late. I had the eggplant entree with spaghetti and garlic bread. The eggplant had a not so fresh color and it was a bit too salty for my taste. The spaghetti was great the sauce was sweet and fresh unlike the eggplant. This was lunch time mind you maybe no one orders eggplant parm so much. The garlic bread was delicous and next time I will just try a sandwich or pizza. The service was excellent the place was nice it wasn't busy. They had framed write ups in the paper posted. I'd give it another go.
4	Guido's looks like a classic italian deli to me, and a good one.  Disclaimer:  I am no expert, not being italian or ever frequented an italian neighborhood.  That being said, I sure would like to.  Meatballz was closed again and we all needed our fix.  Guido's hit the spot with their italian beef sandwich that was cheesey, juicy and on some of the best crusty roll I've had in a while.  On the downside, the beef was pretty tough, so I'll probably have to go back to test it out again.  Spaghetti and meatballs had a well made gravy and meatballs that looked pretty good, and my son said were good, but he wouldn't even let me have a tiny taste.  Never seen him mop up sauce with garlic bread before, but he took it up like a pro.They sell fresh pasta, pre-made entrees and salads, meats, italian ice and spumoni and the sought out San Marzano tomatoes.  The inventory is presented really well - not a speck of dust to be found on any can or shelf, fresh looking, well stocked and orderly.Guido's has the potential for five stars if everything tastes as good as it looks.  Looks like a few more visits are in order.
5	Five solid stars for the best meatballs I can remember eating in a LONG time!!!  YUM!It also didn't hurt that my Husband and I were able to enjoy a couple of beers in frosty mugs (frosty mugs alone = 5 stars) out on the patio while Freddy whipped up a couple of fresh slices of pizza for us.Fabulous meatballs, frosty mugs and fresh slices of pizza = 5 Stars in my book!
4	I was wandering around the shopping center at Shea and Scottsdale Road at lunch trying to decide what to eat.  I noticed a little Italian Deli, and was amazed  - it was before noon and the placed was packed.  I went in and before I looked at the menu, I wandered around looking at the diners and their plates.  The diners were very mixed - professionals,  construction workers, couples, singles, and groups. They all seemed to have something different, and they all seemed to be enjoying what they were eating.  So I decided to give it a try.  The person who took my order spoke heavily accented Italian, but I managed to convey what I wanted, which was really simple - an Italian Sub with salami, Mortadella, Pepperoni & Provolone.  It was packed with onions, tomatoes, and lettuce, and drenched in sub oil.  It was great, delicious - made me aware of what I had been missing all my life - and more than filled me up.My only disappointment was that I was full - I wanted to try everything on their menu, because everything looked so tempting.  But they are close to my home, so I'm sure it will become my lunchtime favorite.I only gave them 4 stars, since I only had the sandwich.  But I will update as I visit them again and try their complete menu, which also includes salads, pasta, pizza, and different kinds of subs.
4	I love this place! It is an really cool old school Italian deli with the kinds of things my grandparents would have just loved- lots of imported groceries, gardineria, sweets and deli meats. My absolute favorites are the Italian roast beef (great sub rolls!) and you must get the fresh mozzarella appetizer- half moons of crispy fried mozzarella served with marinara.
5	They have my favorite Chicken Parm sandwich AND the best French fries in town.   The fries are thicker than most but smaller than a steak-cut and they practically melt in your mouth.  I had never had fries like these...they are incredible.They finish the sandwich off in the oven so the bread is lightly crunchy when it comes out.  I did get a sandwich that was a little overdone for my taste once, and didn't notice it until after I had left with my to go order so keep an eye on that.  I think the food quality may suffer a bit when the owner isn't working. The Calzones are huge and taste pretty good. The Cannoli from their deli are a favorite in our office.
3	I've been to Guido's a few times and have enjoyed the Chicken Parmasean Sandwich, Spaghetti, Italian Sausage Sandwich and the 1/2 Italian Sub at today's visit. Management - Please train your wait staff, I asked how large the whole and half Italian Sub was and she couldn't tell me. Was the small 4 1/2 inches was it 6 inches, etc.? Guido's advertises on their web site "all you can eat Spaghetti from 5pm-7pm on Thursday for $5.95", but the waitress said they didn't do that anymore. Management - Please take the special off your web site because you're losing credibility. And why is Chicken Vesuvio not on the menu? That's a pretty standard dish in Italian eateries in Chicago.
4	I had the italian combo sandwich and it was delicious. Also the French fries were made from fresh potatoes and were great. As for the gentleman who stated they needed more salt, that's what a salt shaker is for. Personally I thought they were perfect. The only negative I can say was the slice of pizza we had was real doughy and not very good. Overall food and atmosphere was very good.
5	I love this place. The atmosphere and culture at Guido's is on point, right down to the people that frequent the place. Don't be surprised if a regular sparks up a conversation with you. The food was excellent. The deli salads, particularly the Greek Salad, are a favorite as well. Local, Fresh, Fun, with a deli full of meets and cheeses to take home.
5	Stopped in today while waiting for a haircut next door, WOW! I had noticed this place a few times before, but was never hungry or didn't have to wait for the haircut. This place is awesome! Reminds me of the Italian deli around the corner from my grandparents house in Pittsburgh. Fresh, Fresh, Fresh! Had the capicola and hard salami with provolone, sub. Bread had obviously been baked that day, and the meat/cheese was so fresh you would have thought the cows and pigs were out back! I will continue to get a mediocre haircut over here just to have an excuse to drive out of my way for this food!
4	I'm all over this place. The Hot Chicago Roast Beef sandwich is the best in Scottsdale. Pizza is superb, Guido hails directly from the "Windy City". Still qualifies as "reasonably priced", even during our economic slow down.
4	Been coming to Guido's since we moved to Scottsdale in 1997.  Back then there was much more family running the place.  The only 2 people I recognize now are the cook (always the same dude) and Guido.Of all the reviews I read on Guido's (I didn't read them all, admittedly), I'm shocked more people didn't try the Broasted Chicken.  Not "fried" chicken, but a close cousin and absolutely terrific.  Juicy, crispy and darn good.  Comes with 3 huge Broasted potato wedges and cold slaw.  Let's talk about the cold slaw:  BEST in the state.  Has some kind of oniony taste that just knocks it out of the park.  Sounds strange, but sometimes I crave the cold slaw more than the chicken! Wings are solid.  Pizza's OK (I'm from Brooklyn and a huge pizza snob, so nothing in AZ is going to work for me).  Hot Sandwiches are great.  Chicken Parm and Meatball sub are favorites of my teenage sons.  Great selection of beverages.  Interesting beer choices from the help-yourself-refridgerator in the front.Prices are decent.  Service is spotty, but the kitchen is right in front of you and very open so if things aren't going well, you can walk right up to the cook and tell him.  Also, Guido is always there, so...Only real disappointment are the frozen "Italian Ices" that sit in a freezer near the front of the place.  They are pre-packaged and frozen.  Tempting to look at, but a poor immitation of the real thing. If you're headed to the Harkins Shea 14 movie heater or the Big League Dugout for your baseball gear stop in.  With the lack of good Italian places in AZ, this one's worth checking out.
4	This place is located along a grocery store strip mall. It's a little hard to find because it's tucked in on the inside corner. That doesn't seem to deter people though. This place has been busy serving customers for the past 28 years. I had no idea they'd been there that long. Geesh, they must be doing something right. I've only tried a couple of things. By far, my favorite is their Italian sub. It's a freshly baked submarine roll absolutely stuffed with deli meats (salami and mortadella, pepperoni) and provolone cheese, then lettuce, tomato, onion, with a generous amount of Italian dressing poured over it. I know I should only order the half portion, but sometimes I just gotta go for the whole. Roll up your sleeves and get the napkins ready. You're in for a fantastic, messy, tasty treat.
5	Dig this place. It helps that it is within long-boarding distance of the crib, but even if it wasn't, I'd still make the drive. Granted it is located in a strip-mall, but what isn't down here. Very authentic Chicago-style deli feel to the inside, a handful of booths, tables and a few spots to sit outside on the sidewalk if that's what you prefer. Typically I get the Meatball Parmesan sandwich, the meatballs are fantastic, (that's a good meatball) but I've tried many others including their pizza, all tasty and large portions. They also have the fresh deli counter for meats, cheese, etc as well as many other staples for your home-made Italian dishes, check it out, glad I did.
4	An authentic family-run deli experience. The Italian Sausage is out of this world - get it with a side of beef juice to dip it in. This is an Italian grocery store, a meat market, and a deli all in one. Do yourself a favor and give Guido's a try soon. Very casual atmosphere with a few booths if you choose to dine in.
1	Poor service mediocre food. NY NJ native we appreciate Chicago food, this was very poor imitation of Italian food.
5	Been coming into Guido's since the late 80's. This ain't Chi-town or NY or Philly, so get over it. It's Scottsdale and its the best Chicago/Italian deli this side of the Illinois river. I haven't found another deli this side of town that is better. Food is great. I've eaten everything on the menu. All fresh. Some things they make the night before but I can tell you for a fact that food does not hang around here for more than 24 hours.  I actually like the tuna sub. Of course, the bread makes the sammy. I always buy a loaf and some meatballs from the deli to make a pasta dinner for the family. I'm not going to be pretentious and make recommendations. Go for yourself and see. Oh, and the owner always says goodbye to me when I get up and leave. Yea, that's a 5 STAR act in my book. BADDABING!
5	One of the best meals I've had in a long time with great prices!  I had the calamari and Howie's Pastrami Sandwich.  Both were incredible! I highly recommend it.
5	I just plain love Guido's. There's something almost magical about the glow of Christmas lights in the window, the arrangement of black and white memorabilia photos on the walls and the deli/market layout. My other half is from Chicago and last night he was in food heaven. He had the gnocchi and I had the mostaccioli -- yum and yum!
5	I love this place!  Their bread is sooooo good, which in turn means their sandwiches are amazing!  All of the sandwiches I've tried are good but, I usually get a half a turkey sub with a side of hot peppers and coleslaw.  I could literally eat tubs of their slaw.  It's the best slaw I've ever had in my life!  The broasted chicken is also delicious.  It was juicy, full of flavor, and not greasy.  The fries were amazing as well.  Their salads are delicious too.  They're full of meat cheese and veggies and their dressing is delicious.  Their desserts are also very good.  I've tried the cannoli and cheesecake, both were delicious!
4	Most people with Italian blood lines, and who call themselves Italians, are merely people who happen to like spaghetti and meatballs or pizza. Kind of like a six-year old.And me.I'm straight-up American on most days, until I go into an Italian deli...where there are other Italians. That's when I switch on my ancestry and lose my fucking mind.Asking for mooooozadellla instead of mozzarella. Or pahm-oodg-onnna rather than parmesan.I know, I'm an asshole. But really no more of an asshole than Oprah interviewing Chris Rock. It's weird, I know, but that's what people do.They get around their own ethnicity and turn on the shit.So I guess I shouldn't be surprised (but I always am) each time the counter person at Guido's appears confused, much like a dog not understanding a command as his head goes sideways and he says..."huh, you want what?"Guido, You really should have someone of Italian descent working the counter. Someone who can capish Italian-American-douchebaggery.Your salad and greek olives, margherita pepperoni, Aurechio provolone, prosciutto, and crusty bread have wowed me for years.And, when I'm too lazy to make my own dough, for two bucks, you always save my hide after promising the kids I'd make pizza.No offense, but I will never come in for pizza or spaghetti, mainly because I can't put any kind of Italian dialect on the words pizza or spaghetti. Unless I talk like I'm from New York.          "Heya....yo....gimme a dish 'o post-r  and a couple o yoo hoos."But I'm afraid the guy with his head cocked sideways will spit in my food or something.Get someone Italian working the counter and I'll give you that extra star.Your ardent admirer,Diego
3	I was very excited about visiting Guido's. Been looking for a good Italian sub shop that cranks out a nice chicken parm sub. I went to Guido's with my wife and four year old daughter. The atmosphere was what I expected for an Italian market. The selection of items for sale was also interesting. As you wait for your food you can peruse the market area to kill time. The service was very attentive and the waitress was sweet. My wife ordered the fried calamari and she said it was delicious. So good even my four year old ate some. My daughter had a bowl of pasta with butter and cheese. Not rocket science at all. I ordered my longtime craved chicken parm sub. I was somewhat satisfied but the sauce was a little generic and the two pieces of chicken were so small they did not even fill the bread up. I would say overall my dish was okay. I would give them a try again as the menu is varied and I would give another dish a shot. The prices seemed very fair to me. I wish I could give them four stars but just not good enough the first time around. I will keep an open mind for next time and maybe find another star. Good appetite to you all!
4	Great lunch spot hidden in a strip mall.  Everything I've eaten on the menu is great.  The owner is very personable and add to the authentic feel of this grocery store/ deli.
3	Didn't feel like cooking Sunday night. The assembled horde were hungry. Decided to order Italian and have it delivered from Guido's. Then, later that week, we all wanted to watch the CWS-NYY game and I had a hankering for eggplant parmigianaSunday, we ordered a margharita pizza, sausage pizza, garlic bread w melted mozzarella and marinara and cheesecake for all. The second time, we ordered eggplant parmigiana, antipasto, fried calamari w marinara, a couple of subs and cheesecake for all.Okay, for starters, I understand that any restaurant-delivered food is not gonna be as fresh as it would be in their dining room. That said, the food from Guido's was pretty good on that score. The delivered food was reasonably warm or reasonably cold depending on the item. The spaghetti accompanying the eggplant was al dente.Other than the calamari -- it was over-breaded, soft and overdone -- everyone was delighted with their dinner. Except me. But, that's what I get for ordering seafood in Arizona. The pizzas were warm, but a little light on the sausage topping. The cheesecake was especially good, a nice-sized portion, reminiscent of NY cheesecake. The filling was creamy without being too heavy. Guido's cheesecake has a very thin graham cracker crust. Be warned: there is an 18% service charge for orders delivered. If this food was served in their dining room, I'd knock them down a star. But, as for delivered pizza/italian food, this is about as good as it gets.
1	This place made me sangry (sad + angry). I really wanted to like it as an Italian who works right around the corner. Went here with my work team for lunch on a Friday and the service was so slow I missed my regular after-lunch meeting with my boss. Not cool! Not only did the food take forever to come out, paying the bill felt like it took just as long as eating. As we were wrapping up, I let the waitress know we were in a hurry, but it was at least 10 minutes until we got our check. I walked up to the counter area to ask her about it, and it was clear there was some confusion about our bill and what we ordered. Probably because one in our party was served well before everyone else (probably someone else's pasta), one who ordered chicken for her pasta never got it, and other general poor service related issues. She asked me to sit back down and said she'd bring it out to us, so I sat for countless minutes more until I eventually went up to her again only to have her tell me she thought she'd dropped it off already and had it in her apron pocket. OMG was I seeing red by that time. If the food had at least been good, I might have been in a better mood,... but out of the six of us not ONE of us enjoyed the meal. The food was mediocre - like my reheated manicotti that seemed like a frozen Marie Callender's someone heated in the microwave. The garlic bread was rock hard and only edible after soaking it in red sauce for a few minutes to soften it out of desperation because the rest of our food was terrible.Looking back at the reviews, perhaps sandwiches to-go might be alright, but I would never repeat our pasta eat-in experience ever again.
4	A splendid Italian deli in Scottsdale.I frequented Guido's when I lived down the street in Scottsdale.The food is invariably fresh and tasty.  The grocery selection of italian staples is fantastic.
1	I have eaten at Guido's several times over the past few years and was always impressed with the food, but not so much with the service. Just recently, we visited again and we were so DISGUSTED with how bad the service was that we didn't even stay and eat this time.For example, the waitress never came to our table initially. We had to go the front of the restaurant to try and place an order. This did not work, as we were told to go back and sit down and wait some more. I must also say that as we were waiting in line, the owner, I  presume, ignored us and spoke with some customers behind us in line, putting their orders in immediately. So, in the end, we waited a bit more at our table and then got up and left. Even though the service has tended to be slow and rather inattentive in the past, we have never experienced this level of rudeness before. We will not be back.
5	Great chicken parm, incredible prosciutto caprese sandwich!
5	Awesome deli! Salami is awesome and pizza pasta is top notch! Worth the drive from Tempe.
5	Lov this place.  Italian subs, specialty italian foods, homemade salsicc!  Table service and pizza.  When u want to hear some south side and have great food, go here.
4	Haven't been in for years but the home made sausages were killer!
3	How authentic of a Chicago place is Guido's?  Well, they have Old Style beer in the Frig!Guido's is really a Chicago Italian deli, that doubles as sandwich and pasta place.  The food is good, but where they excel are with items from their deli case.  Take for instance the italian sausage.  It's home made and delicious.  Really!  You should come here just to order it for lunch, or to take a roll of it home for cooking.As we were waiting for our dinner order to arrive, I decided to walk around the store.  The specialty salads looked amazing.  If I hadn't already ordered, the calamari salad really looked good.  I don't know how it tastes, but I made a mental note to come back for lunch and try it.They also have a wide selection of non deli items, but the prices can be high.  The San Marzano brand of Marinara pasta sauces was marked $12.99 on a dusty jar.  The same sauce at Whole Foods is $8.75.  That 12 oz can of Old Style I mentioned above?  Well, it was $4.00.  I could go on, but you can see where I am going.Competition can be a wonderful thing, Guido's reminds me very much of DeFalco's further down Scottsdale Road and south of Old Town. If you live north of here, then Guido's is a viable alternative. http://www.yelp.com/biz/defalcos-italian-grocery-scottsdale#hrid:4ltqc2OvnsY8NUYW-NLU-w For dinner we ordered the Chicken Parmesan and bowl of Angel Hair with sausage and meatballs.  Both came with a house salad.  The marinara sauce was good, but somewhat bland, without the taste of any garlic or oregano. Along with two Ice Teas, our meal ran us $35.90 including taxes, but before gratuities.  Guido's is Three Stars, "A-OK".
5	This place is amazing..!! From the atmoshere to the customer service and the food speaks for itself.  I have visited twice now, in the same week, both experiences were eough for me to write this "my first writen review, ever".  I was simply taken by the entire experience, I recommend making Guido's Chicago Meat & Deli a must on everyone's to do list.  My first visit I enjoyed their signature sausage sub, best hot sandwhich I ever had.  My next visit, I ate the Pork Loin sandwhich (ask for it-not on menu) Just in case you're wondering, I am not related in any way to the owner or his employees.  I was working in the area last week and solicited the place.  Had to go back three times in order to get a minute of the owners undivided attention. (Keep in mind, most people see me and run in the other direction)
4	There are a lot of places in Phoenix Metro where you can get a good Italian sub, but only a handful where you can score a great Italian sub. Guido's is one of them.Their subs, hot or cold, are some of the best in the area. I say this tongue in cheek, mainly because if you're from New York or Philly you'll disagree with my 'great' assessment. But do try to keep in mind this is the desert. Where we don't have decent breads unless the deli is buying local from MJ or Arizona Bread Company, which they typically don't.The cold cuts are Boar's heads and not imported. And the tomatoes are desert tomatoes, not Jersey sweets.So there IS a difference, you're right NY and Philly, but once you get off your high horse and figure out there aren't a whole lot of places to choose from here, you'll eat Guido's and you'll like it goddammit. Ughhh.  I visit here regularly to restock my fridge with fresh olives, imported provolone, and Margherita pepperoni, one of the few places that has it. They also have decent homemade biscotti and pizzelles. Their homemade sausage is tasty too. Not the best, just tasty.If you often find yourself eating at any of the chain sub shops around town, give yourself a break from the insufferable shit they call 'Italian' and try Guido's. Guido's.Where in light of everything, easier (and cheaper) than a trip to New York, Philly, or Atlantic City.
5	Sandwiches are great.  Order at the counter, fast and excellent sandwiches.  Love the Sandwiches, Salami, Caprese and Meatball.  Favorite place to go after golfing on this side of town.
4	Old time Scottsdale favorite - excellent food and take out service. Broasted Chicken &Fish are awesome.. Try the coleslaw and Joe runs a good restaurant ..
4	Grand children sporting events in the area took me there twice this week. Sandwiches both times were outstanding! Bread was fresh and they give you a very generous serving of meat. It has a large deli meat selection. Lots of "regulars " in the place of lunch.
5	Delicious food.  Breasted chicken....fried shrimp.....cole slaw....lasagne.And they deliver!!!!!
5	Fantastic! Awesome atmosphere and food is top notch! It was worth the 30 mile drive for me!
5	Guido's is awesome! I came in not expecting Chicago food and left full and surprised that the food tastes just like it does in Chicago. I had the Chicago roast beef sub and it was great. This hoagie roll was loaded with hot roast beef, peppers, and onions along with some dipping sauce. I will definitely be going back to this place when I am in town again.
5	This place is a gem.  One of the best sandwiches in Scottsdale, and they truly make you feel at home here.  I try to stop by at least once a month for something over here.   Great for an affordable meal or for some fresh deli when you don't want to cook.
4	Had a craving for chicken parmesan as usual and found Guido's by accident, but had heard of this place before. Lots of things to look at in all corners of the place, cookies, salads, pasta, etc. The prices are reasonable for this part of town and I liked the fact that you could get 1/2 sandwich if desired. The chicken parm was massive and filling and had one large cutlet, a good amount of sauce and melted cheese of course. It was making me regret that i didn't get the whole sandwich, but my waistline thanked me in the end.
5	Everything is amazing!  Guido makes the world's best sandwich. They are all great but ask for a lemon pepper chicken with hot peppers.
3	The 1/2 turkey sandwich special was a mess. They did not use Boars Head on the special deal. It was some other form of turkey. The works minus mustard means a wet, sloppy mix of a ton of sub oil and mayonaise slopped on a soft roll with lousy turkey. Had better hopes. I think the bald  guy who made the sandwich was in a rush, but either way I will stick to Italian dishes here and you should too.
3	The food here is really good, but I miss the casual old neighborhood place.  I used to stop in for quick sandwiches all the time -- you'd walk up to the counter, order a sandwich to go, and the very efficient guys behind the counter would have you walking out with a great sub in just a few minutes.For the last year, though, it's table service.  Same good food, but slower and more expensive.  An Italian sub (no side) and a coke is now $14 with a 20% tip. Sure it's good, but that's not something I'm going to do every day.
5	Clean, neat, friendly and GOOD. Definitely a bias toward Chicago style sandwiches, pizza and Italian dishes. Had the Chicago roast beef sandwich with sausage and peppers, and au jus. Au hell - tasty! Will be back.
5	What a find on the corner of Shea and N. scottsdale Blvd.  Great tasting food, great service, great menu.  The pizza was to die for and did not upset the senior stomach.  The broasted chicken, the best ever, the spaghetti w sausage or meatball fantastic using a home made sauce.  Cannot say anything less about this place with some outside seating.   If your looking for fantastic food in a none formal setting, this is the place.  I will definitely return to this one.
5	Best Italian sausage and roast beef in the valley hands down! The have a huge selection of Italian groceries too. Also the homemade cannolis are delicious!
4	This place is a great authentic Chicago style deli but also serves hot pastas as well as many other treats. Has been here for a very long time and if you go in you will find out why.
4	Legit meatball sandwhich.  Broasted Chicken moist juicy hot, just they way I like it.
5	One of the more amazing finds thanks to Yelp.   I would not have found this place just passing by on the street.  It's a bit out of the way in the Safeway shopping center.  Everytime I've gone, everything was really fresh and flavorful.  I especially like the Italian sub.  Probably the best sandwich I've ever had.  I wish there was a place like this near where I live, I'd go there at least once a week.
5	This place is a hidden gem! It's been in AZ since 1980 and I only learned of it within the last few years. It's a combination of italian deli and sit-down restaurant. Surprisingly, the pizza wasn't very good, but they offer broasted chicken and broasted fish with broasted potato wedges or broasted fries and it is amazingly and consistently delicious. We drive from Glendale to eat here and then drive back home - it is so worth it. We've had broasted chicken at other places but we've never seen anyone else offer broasted fish. It's like thick nuggets of cod in a light batter and it is so good (comes with coleslaw, chicken meal comes with salad or coleslaw).They serve you hot garlic bread in a basket that is often made from Italian bread, French bread and even a sesame French bread, baked on premises!We've never had to wait to be seated and its one reason my wife and I do NOT like to go out to eat on a Friday or Saturday night in the Phoenix metropolitan area, where dine-in restaurants commonly have a  1-2 hour wait before getting a table (Grimaldi's, Texas Roadhouse, Applebees, Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Cheesecake Factory, etc...etc...)They also sell dry pastas, sauces and oils imported from Italy as well as offer a variety of fresh baked goods, I also like that I can pick up the latest copy of the free New Times newspaper there.The pasta dishes are excellent. The only thing we've had they we were disappointed with is the pizza - which is kind of shocking, given how good everything else is and how authentically Italian it is otherwise.Haven't tried anything from the deli. We go there primarily for the broasted fish and broasted chicken. You have to try both and decide which you like better (most people I take prefer the fish, but agree they are both great!).Prices are very reasonable and lots of menu items to select from. And they serve Coke products. What more could I ask for?
5	I am a HUGE fan of this place, I go often, and not only do I love the food but I HIGHLY recommend others to go there.  I don't want to write a big, long boring play by play...  But here is what I CAN tell you:The owner is from Chicago (Hence the name!)He is ALWAYS there, and greets everyone and is super nice.  Every single thing I have ever ordered there is DELISH.  I have not had a single complaint, or been disappointed even once.  Their sandwiches, particularly the eggplant parm and the chicken parm are incredible.  Amazing crusty bread with a huge portion, they don't skimp.  Their sauce is outstanding as well. The meatballs are phenomenal. I am also a fan of their minestrone soup.  I have gone there just for that.  its hearty, needs absolutely nothing sprinkled on or added to it.  And they are consistent.  Always good, every time.I am actually salivating as I type this review LOL.  Seriously though, if you haven't tried it, please go.  It's a casual, friendly environment, and the food is outstanding, I don't care who you are, Italian or not.  (Although, it IS an Italian import store as well and their cheeses and bread are amaze balls!)
5	Really great food and super nice staff!  Love the grocery and how fresh and delicious every dish is, yummy desserts too!!!  Plus, they cater to Atkins and healthy dishes too!
4	Had the Italian Sub VERY GOOD! The service was great very friendly and my sandwich came out quickly.  Would vista again!
5	There is one reason, that sticks out like a sore thumb why I have them 5 stars.  THEY HAVE MARGARITA BRAND PEPPERONI!!! Seriously this is like the only place in town I could find it. When I walked in and saw "Boars Head" brand I was really irritated that an Italian specialty grocery store would sell Safeway grade deli meats. But then I asked and they had it. So amp'ed.
3	Food is outstanding, but don't expect amazing service.  Freshest calamari I've had in a while.  The server we had was was not good about simple things.  For example, we had to ask for plates for our starter item, which was brought out without any forks or knives. She made three separate trips back and forth from our table just for the starter.  Before taking our drink orders she took drink orders from a table which was seated after us.  It was very noticeable.  I'm not sure if the service follies were intentional or just because she wasn't a good server.  She was outwardly nice - just not efficient.     I like that there are some authentic grocery items available for purchase as well.  Generally a good place.  Like the rating says, my overall experience was "A-OK."
1	The rating keeps plummeting here at Guido's as does the quality of food. The last chicken parmesan I had here was pretty epic, but now they are breading small strips of chicken (not a full cutlet) and dumping it on their bread with not enough cheese and too big of a roll. They are generous with the parsley. Also, they need to find cooks who understand English better or have someone American taking my order. I clearly said I want half a sandwich to the Mexican cook, yet I got a full sandwich instead. Since I thought it would be a good hero I shook it off, but guess what, the joke was on me in the end.
5	The Italian Beef sandwich is crazy good here. I forget the name of my waitress, but she was amazing. "Above and beyond." We were first timers and the food and service made such a good impression on me.. Will be back next time I'm craving one of those Italian beefs.
1	Just the worst. Owner was ranting in the back and humiliating his staff. So nasty and so rude.
1	This place used to be wonderful, but they have seriously gone down hill in the past year. Management, service, and cleanliness are terrible. Stay away...
4	Interesting! Old school Chicago Italian decorated place.The service is a bit slow. The food is not good just looks good. I guess this place went down.
5	One of the best authentic Italian food places in the area that I have found!  Everything is fresh and made from scratch.  It's hidden in the corner of a Safeway shopping center I would never think to go in for Italian food but now I'm just mad I have lived in the area for 10 years and just found this place about a year ago.
5	Great line of Italian meats and foods.  Never have I ever tasted mortadella better than theirs!  Restaurant portion has great sandwiches and entries!
5	The kids really enjoyed soup and sandwich and the waitress was kind enough to split a single order between the two of them, to make it kid size. My husband really enjoyed the pastrami sandwich and my stuffed shells were good, but the french fries were awesome!
5	Outstanding, outstanding, outstanding. Happened across this place on Urbanspoon - for some reason it wasn't showing up on Yelp. What a hidden gem! Authentic Italian food and atmosphere. This really is a trip to Chicago hidden in a shopping center. Upon entering we were enthusiastically greeted by the owner, who must have overheard us talking about getting an Italian Beef, and pitched us a turkey sub with fries special he had going on. I got the turkey sub, my husband got the Italian beef.Service was outstanding. Our food was out within 10 minutes of ordering and our waitress was very attentive. The owner came and inspected our dishes after they were served and joked with us briefly. Our only regret is we are only in town from the Midwest for one day and can't come back every single day for something different! We will make this a place we come back to every time we are out here now though!
4	Coming from the NJ/NY area I was pretty skeptical about a deli in a strip mall but this place really came through. It reminded me of a pizza place back home that hasn't been updated since the 90s but doesn't matter since the food is on point. I got the italian sandwich, would've liked more meat but it was good. I will definitely become a regular here. Oh, and if you complained about the service, did you really expect 5 star service at a deli? Get off your "foodie" high horse.
5	Came in for a sandwich and found myself getting an AMAZING toasted italian sub with a side salad. Absolutely outstanding.  The person at the counter was friendly and informative, and helped with suggestions. They have an amazing menu of Italian cuisine, and they also have frozen, fresh and Italian product market items you can purchase to take home. I truly recommend them if you are around Shea and Scottsdale road for a great lunch or dinner!
5	The hot Chicago roast beef with onions and peppers is the best west of Chicago!  A great place for lunch and deli meats and cheeses!!!
5	Flew to AZ for a conference and found Guido's on several searches.  It was close (6 miles) from my hotel.  After flying all night and morning I was starving and found the shopping center Guido's was located in and went right in.  Old school Italian deli I have encountered on my mainland trips and was very happy.Starving I ordered a half Chicago special with Italian beef and sausage, a whole Italian combo and a Greek salad to go.  Ran over to Safeway next door to get a six pack of craft beer.  Got back to the hotel and had a feast.The next day I was planning on eating with some folks but fell through.  Tried to get a reservation on my own, but too late to book any thing and landed up at Guido's again.  Had the Veal Piccata, a small Guido's combo pizza and some desert cookies.  Back to the hotel to polish off the meal with the left over beer.  Fantastic, nothing like it here in Hawaii.Two days later, leaving for the airport, I swung by to pick up two sandwiches for the long flights back to Honolulu and cookies for my family.  Sandwiches were the Italian combo and the cappicola/salami.  Great homemade Italian cookies, also.All in all, no better place to find Italian food.  Real old school and family run to boot.  Owner, Joe Guido is there all the time I was there and is a really friendly to all his customers, new and old.
