5	My fiance and I had my engagement ring made by Ron here and were extremely satisfied. We had some general idea of what we wanted and let him know our budget and the quality of the stone we wanted. He was able to see our vision and made it into a beautiful ring with very modern and simple design that I will love and wear everyday. Ron is truely an artist and you will get the best value, quality, design and service here. After your initial meeting to go over design concepts, he will make a wax mold for you to see what the product will look like. We did not have to wait too long to get the final product (a week or two) after the mold was made and stone was selected. They can also make matching bands that are similar but a little different in style and it'll fit perfectly to your engagement ring. They have since then moved to this near by location now (above and to the right of the the French crepes store), which is closer to the parking lot off Walnut street:The Collection732 Filbert St.Pittsburgh PA 15232 There are multiple artists that work there and you can see some of their work here on their new website below. There are also some unique and simple styles of rings that you can try on in the store if you need some inspirations. http://www.thecollectionpittsburgh.comI highly recommend you check this place out if you are considering custom made engagement rings or jewelry that's unique and one of a kind. If you have been looking for a perfect ring but haven't found it yet, make an appointment and you'll be very happy that you look into it (it's more effort but definitely worth it!). Ron is extremely experienced and the ring he made us was very comfortable, extremely well made and sturdy. I have got so many compliments on it. It also has a square shaped bottom so it doesn't slide around my finger like regular rings(which is a bonus). Ron's also very friendly and honest with his pricing, no hidden charges. There are no design fee, they charge a percentage of the actual jewelry value. You can also ask them to get an outside appraisal for your insurance as well as go back for checkup and cleaning after you've worn your ring for a few months.
5	I recently took my engagement ring into The Collection for resizing and I had a very nice experience there. The ring belonged to my fiance's great grandmother and has a delicate setting and band. My ring finger is a good deal smaller than the ring's past owner, however, and the ring needed to be sized down from a 7 to a 3 and 3/4. I was a bit worried that such a large reduction would alter the shape and/or design of the ring. However it all worked out beautifully. Karen and everyone else in the shop were all very kind and provided lots of information. The job took less than two hours and the price was very reasonable. I am hoping to return there to have our wedding rings made.
2	They work quickly, but speed isn't worth it if the final product is damaged.
5	I took my ring here to have a stone replaced, to have it resized, to have the shank replaced, and to have it engraved. At each point in the process, they kept me updated with different options (there were some structural problems with the ring initially and there were several possible ways to fix it; I ended up having the shank replaced). It ended up taking several weeks, a little longer than expected, but the final product came out perfectly. The ring is stronger and more beautiful than ever. Customer service was great too; they were very friendly and remembered my name every time I came back! For all the work they did, the price was reasonable as well. I have to admit, I did get a little worried when I had trouble reaching them for about a week while trying to figure out what the hold up was with the engraver. But it ended up being sorted out just fine, which is why I am not letting this affect the rating.I will be coming back to The Collection the next time I need to purchase or have jewelry repaired.
5	Ron created an interlocking engagement and wedding band for us 34 years ago.  Today they are still attracting complements. They are so unique and beautiful that I consider them one the most treasured symbols of our lives. The process was delightful, the result beyond our expectations.
5	Fantastic service! I needed to get my engagement ring sized down and saw the great reviews The Collection had and decided to give them a call. I had my ring resized in a matter of about an hour. It came back nicely cleaned and polished and finally fits! Kerry was so nice and professional and I felt like I could trust them. Love it, thanks!
