4	I seem to spend my life on the hunt for nice deli's and am usually disappointed by what I find in most of them, very often these places seem to be all style and no substance; reformed ham on a mass produced, nasty, white baguette? No thank you. Scott's, however, is quite a nice wee place on the border of Tollcross and Bruntsfield, although I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's the best deli in town, it does manage to live up to some of my gastro-expectations. It ticks all the boxes in terms of a good selection of cheese, meat, salad-y bits (olives, roast peppers, artichoke hearts etc) and they will gladly make you up a sandwich or salad for a reasonable price. There are a few seats too, if you fancy enjoying something to eat there like the pizza, Stromboli, tortillas and really good quiches (probably best not to sample them all at once...). They are one of the few places to still do hot chocolate with cream, marshmallows and maltesers (aka the holy trinity of hot chocolate toppings). Yum.
4	Unlike the majority of so called Deli's in Edinburgh (of which there are infinite amounts) , Scott's seems to understand the meaning of delicatessen: a vendor of fine foods or delicacies.Its thanks to Scott that I'm familiar with the likes of applewood smoked cheddar, harlequin olives and panatas.  The affordable prices have meant I can freely get my grubby mitts on such exotic delicacies and enjoy some unique and interesting food.Panatas, for example is a Portuguese custard tart that has taken a considerable chunk out of my lunch money on many an occasion, superb.Space to sit down, papers to read and all within the confines of a fully competent Deli. Thanks Scott.
5	Oh, delicious foodstuffs. And what a great space, to boot! I'm pretty sure I stumbled upon Scott's Deli without meaning to. I can't even remember when or how or with whom, but I've been totally addicted ever since. Scott's is on the way to Monkey Temple, where a friend of mine worked, so when I was feeling particularly generous, I'd pick us up lunch and coffee there to munch on at her work. There're salads of all delicious types: roasted carrot with spinach doused in healthy quantities of olive oil, tomato and mozzarella salad, artichokes, roasted peppers, roasted aubergines, many a beautiful thing. You can also choose to put these salads in a sandwich: you choose the bread, choose whether you want mayo or pesto (freshly made) on your bread, then pick a few fillings, including cheese and meat. And the coffee, oh the coffee is delicious. But it's hardcore. You will never need more than one. So, you're obviously sitting at home reading this. You should now leave and go eat a sandwich. Good.
3	Scott's deli was a place I regularly visited when I lived close by in Bruntsfield. From the outside, the deli looks quite cool, laid back and almost cosmopolitan. And when you are inside, this feeling is confirmed. You can always be guaranteed that there is someone in their reading the Guardian or young professionals looking concerned at their blackberry! Not like your normal deli, Scott's deli provides what can only be described as 'gourmet' sandwiches and baguettes, along with soups, pastries and hot drinks. Not content at the range of foods on offer, the price of a roll/sandwich/baguette is very reasonable. So if you want to expand your range of deli snacks, then Scott's deli is ideal!
3	Like many of the reviews of Scott's Deli, I want to wax lyrical about the deli side of it all....Sam C sums it up with "vendor of find foods and delicacies".  You wouldn't be disappointed if you went in expecting to find this!Having been in for lunch and snacks on previous occassions, we tried them for breakfast on Sunday.  The breakfast service seems new - it wasn't as organised as the rest of their usually good service.  It was, however, generous and delicious.  Not haute cuisine but perfectly tasty breakfast nonetheless, and good coffee.  It was a hard choice, as usual, to choose what to have...all the deli items are so tempting that actually plumping for a traditional breakfast seemed a heart-breaking waste!The odd item I've ordered in the past doesn't quite reach the otherwise high standard of their deli choices but, overall, a consistently good to excellent experience.  I don't think I've ever been truly disappointed any of the times I've been here and feel a little like I'm being unfair only giving three stars rather than four.  But there are just a few little things that let it down...can I give it three and a half??
3	I've been impressed by the fresh, beautiful salads on offer here for lunch, but was very disappointed by breakfast this morning. Not only was it too expensive, but it took fifteen minutes to prepare, and we were the only ones in the shop. In general, Scott's has awesome food for a decent price--especially for vegetarians or veggie sympathisers--but rule this place out if you're looking for breakfast (especially a quick one!). There's lots of better choices around.
4	Popped in here on Saturday for a quick coffee and was really impressed. These guys are running a real community business.With a cracking deli side - "the Bear Cave" is an impressive way of bringing in the plethora of young parents around that part of the city. Its seems to be like an actice creche and clerarly very popular.Upstairs maintains that south side chique coffee shop feel with computers and magazines. While in I had a cappucino and a scone - nice coffee and a cracking scone with butter and jam!! Nom nom.I the feel of the place - the poudly laid out fresh crossants and other baked goods done in house (as apparent by the smoke) add almost a french feel to it that really sits well with me!Great work  - a place I will be back to for sure!
