5	Vancouver could take a hint from these guys, they sure know how to do Lebanese food. For under $5 you can get a hearty wrap or for under $10 you can choose up to 5 items from their delicious array of grilled eggplant, sauteed cauliflower, falafel, garlic potatoes and many meaty delights.No matter how broke you are this place will treat you right and keep you coming back for more.
2	The food is meh...  Their delivery prices are really high, especially when there is a better middle eastern restaurant next door called Boustans, and they have free delivery.You're better off just going next door to Boustans, or if you want to order in, order from Boustans.  They deliver later too.
4	A healthier alternative to greasy pizza after a night out!Atmosphere: The place is often crowded after 1am; not the ideal place to go for dinner unless you're starving after clubbing.  In the afternoons though, the place is much quieter, arabic music is often on, and you can really enjoy a meal outside (weather permitting) and bask in the sunshine.Service: I have gotten to know the family that owns this franchise; 3 (of 6!) sisters. The ladies run the place in various shifts, but have always been very pleasant and courteous.  They know that the restaurant is their livelihood, and thus work very hard to keep their customers happy.Food: The Amir menu + some surprise dishes cooked up by the franchises depending on the mood.  Given the heavy footfalls in this area, the chicken and beef shawarma racks are constantly fresh.  In the evening, just before the clubs unleash their patrons out onto the streets (3ish) is the best time to grab some grub.  At that time, it's fresh (in anticipation of the onslaught of inebriated people), so it's the best time to grab some :O)Food is good, the people are even better
1	I was not really happy with the food there. I know Lebanese food well, the food at this place is more of a fast-food. The restaurant did not look so clean either. Even though the price was cheap, still had the same price for similar food elsewhere and the quality was so much better.
2	2 stars for their low prices. Though, i had a much better Lebanese food for the same price. It was my first time at this restaurant. The food was so so and the restaurant did look so clean. I guess they cater more for late night crowd, where quality is less of an issue. Anything taste good at 5 in the morning I guess. Unfortunately In my case I was not quite there yet as I went there early in the evening. I do not think I am going back again.
