4	The ingredients were very fresh and tasty. I ordered the santa fe salad.  Service was friendly and fast. Was a little disappointed in the amount of ingredients compared to the amount of lettuce and not enough dressing for the size (ordered on the side and dipped and ran out with a lot of salad left). Have since read in review comments that you can ask for extra veggies at no cost (minus the expensive toppibgs like cheese, avocado, meat, etc). Not sure about dressing. I also ordered a diet soda (no brand provided but wasn't coke or pepsi). I paid $3 for a large. Soda wasn't very big for that price and  was mostly ice. Now that I know I can order with extra veggies, I will go back but won't order a soda.  Overall, really good and convenient to get restaurant like salads easily on my way home.  Definitely a better option than the other fast food places in the area. They have other items besides salads: soups,  wraps, smoothies, and healthy breakfast items.
4	Not sure why there are no reviews of this place, but this place is awesome.  Super fresh salads.  Everything tastes like it is from farm to plate.  You can customize any of the salads they have.  The chicken is amazing and doesn't taste like that weird processed or pre made chicken breast you get at fast food places.   I've been twice.   The fist time I went I got the Caesar.  The second time I got the Caesar in a wrap and let me tell you that decision was life altering.  The tortilla they used tastes homemade, and they are so soft.  Therefore, if assume the breakfast burritos are killer.  Finally, the real icing on the cake at this place for me is they have Boylans soda on tap here.  I had NO IDEA This existed, but it is a gift from above.  I work from home so having this place decently close to the Seville area is awesome.  It's a little hidden if you're headed north on higley.  You won't see it until you actually turn east on williams field.   Anyway highly recommended.  I do wish they maybe had a meal option that subsidized the cost a little it's about $10 for a drink and salad/wrap.  However, based on quality I don't argue it's a fair price.
4	I really did salad and go. I rarely use a drive-through but I was on the way to campus and needed something to eat quickly. I really enjoyed my chicken Caesar wrap. I do wish there were a few more side dish options. I look forward to swinging back through the next time I'm nearby.
4	My new favorite stop in Higley. So nice to have such fast, refreshing food. My only complaint would be prices. While you do get a lot of salad (and I mean a LOT), I know I'd prefer to get less and pay less. However, it is justifiable seeing as it's all fresh and organic food. Just a suggestion! Will be coming back for a long time!!!
5	I love Salad and Go. The delicious salads and nice employees make my day.  Eating here is making me more healthy.   It's a very convenient drive through with outdoor seating.  It's clean and the owners care about us.  The manager was patient with me when I asked about organics. They serve large filling salads for an inexpensive price.As a single person who has fresh food spoil in the refrigerator, I would like to divert my whole grocery budget to them.
5	I love this place. The food is a healthier alternative and you get it so quick! I love the free range chicken option. I've had the Greek, bbq and oriental salad, all delicious! And their soups are delicious too! This is a place I have no problem recommending and returning to on a daily basis.
