5	I wanted something fresh for lunch and definitely came to the right place.  Bistro 19 is a relatively new restaurant in the South Hills.  The decor is very simple and cosmopolitan; rich, dark wood grains and contemporary lighting against an antique silver tin ceiling.  Very simple, very small and intimate.Anyway, I had the Southwest BBQ chicken salad.  It was awesome, the chile lime dressing mixed well with the sweetness of the BBQ sauce, corn, tomatoes, cheddar and romaine.  The crisp tortilla strips that topped the salad were still warm.  This salad was excellent.   I loved their raspberry iced tea, it was super good.  With a salad this great, I could not pass up dessert.  I had the berry cobbler.  It was amazing, a fresh mix of berries in a sugar cookie crust, artfully served warm with ice cream, whipped cream and fresh raspberries.While I was there, I checked out the dinner menu and the brunch menu.  They have a nice selection of surf and turf and the menu includes duck.  Sandy, my server, said their signature dish is the Chilean sea bass.  From the bar, they offer a great selection of martinis, the wine list includes a broad mix.  I will definitely be back to the Bistro!
2	I visited for lunch with two friends and thought it was just okay.  The service was less than ideal - they seemed to ignore a table of twenty-somethings to fawn over Ladies Lunching; the waitress was one who doesn't write anything down and brought me the wrong wrap; and there were occasional long delays.  Our group ordered the crab cake, the penne, and the vegetable wrap, and nothing really stuck out.  My wrap and sweet potato fries were very bland.Desserts were the definite upside - perfect creme brulee and raspberry cheesecake.  The restaurant is also very pretty and there is excellent people-watching.  But the food is just mediocre.
3	I know Mt. Lebanon and Bethel Park are fairly upscale, but after a few years in the California of short memories and constant reinvention, I still tend to associate a certain old-fashioned downtown design with a more working-class lifestyle. Brick and slate, side alleys, hemmed in by hillsides--it's like South Bethlehem, East Allentown, or any town in Schuylkill County. South Suburban Pittsburgh is quite sprawl-free, and winding roads snake past closely set houses in old mining and industrial villages. Keep a close eye on street signs, since main roads might not be labeled (it's a major road, shouldn't you recognize it?).Bistro 19's location might have once been a place that served mainly Iron City beer (Yuengling didn't distribute out west back in the day), but now it has the small plates, local farm products, and extended wine list that you expect at an upscale-casual place. The by-the-glass selection was amazing to see for someone who grew up in the days when PA State Stores sold mainly a few kinds of cheap mass-market wine. Appetizers looked great, and the crab cake delivered in a way you only get east of the Great Lakes. Not formed crab puree, but real crabmeat coated in very light seasoned breading and (my guess) pan fried. The local duck breast was cooked perfectly--with the other layer of fat and skin cooked enough to make it crispy but not chewy or gristly. The green beans on the side were cooked past the limit of doneness, but didn't cross over to Pennsylvania Done (liquified, like most of the foul cooked vegetables I saw as a kid). I may have misread the menu, because I got sweet potatoes inside of regular mashed (not sure if it was a kitchen substitution or if my Squash Avoidance System failed me), but even those nasty things were prepared quite well (not like preparation can hide their evil squashness, though, so I had to quit after one taste). Chambord cheme brulee made up for it with a good creme brulee base enhanced with just a little flavor.Service at the bar was friendly for a solo traveling diner, and the wine poured quickly and generously. It was nice to get away from the malls and chains near the hotel and find a real downtown with personality.
4	I just moved here from Boston and was worried that I might not find a nice restaurant near our house.  Thankfully I was wrong.  My husband and I went here for "date night" and were pleasantly surprised.  We made a reservation, which I hear is a must, and were seated very promptly.  Our waitress seemed like she was just being nice because she felt she had to, but I can't point out anything she did wrong in particular.  She did bring out our entrees while the appetizer plates were still on our table them blame someone else for not picking them up, but this may have been an honest mistake.  The Calamari appetizer was cooked perfectly and that is a rarity these days.  My filet mignon was wonderful and the port reduction was the highlight of the dish in my opinion.  Very flavorful.  My husband had the sea scallops and they were not carmelized as much as he would have liked but were also cooked to the proper doneness.  The sweet potatoe creme brulee and the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake were a letdown.  I would just stop before dessert and it will be a wonderful meal!  I would go again.
5	Great food, sometimes pricy but sometimes well worth it. It can be a bit snobby there, so not a regular spot of mine. Their new prix fixe menu is great.
5	Went in Friday night with my BBF to celebration a great occasion. We had reservations and were seated promptly. The host staff is warm and friendly and more than happy to take our coats. Bistro 19 is on the small side and the place was packed with the exception of the bar area. Athena appeared right away with a bread plate and to serve water and take our drink orders. I was in a festive mood and more than happy to try a signature drink, the "Nine-teeni". The drink was Amaretto, Three Olives Raspberry, cranberry juice with a raspberry sugared rim. Very yummy! For an appetizer, we shared a jumbo lump crab cake with whole grain mustard aioli and served with a bit of parmesan pine nut salad. B.J. thought it was a bit mushy and it was, but the flavor combination was wonderful. We also ordered a Bistro salad to share, but somehow managed to get the house signature salad, the "Pear and Roasted Beet salad". We didn't mind, it was wonderful and included candied walnuts and huge blue cheese crumbles with a nice walnut vinaigrette. Jim ordered an evening special, scallops with homemade oxtail ravioli, also served with asparagus. Very good. I had the center cut filet mignon, with gorgonzola, wild mushroom compote, port wine demi-glace, whipped potatoes and asparagus. The steak was cooked perfectly and very delicious.  Too much for one girl, so BJ gobbled it right up! For dessert we shared a dessert special, pearl tapioca with mango chutney. J. thought it was just okay, but I loved it. I have never had pearl tapioca and I really liked the texture, the fact that is wasn't sickeningly sweet and thought the mango was a perfect flavored accent. Also, loved all their choices of coffee drinks. I had the Cafe Joy, which was Malibu, Bailey's and Frangelico. Very good. The restaurant had a steady stream of customers the entire time we were there. It was a little noisy, but the restaurant has a very warm feeling, sorta romantic, very chic and stylish. When you enter the huge front door, it's like stepping into another world from away from Washington Road.  Executive chef Jessica Gibson does an amazing job and I appreciate her creative specials on the menu.  Service from Athena was excellent. Every dish was served right on time and she was incredibly professional, yet warm and friendly. I love Bistro 19. It's a bit of a road trip from where I live, but worth the trip!
4	We were lucky enough to get the corner table in Bistro 19 with a great view for our meal.  The decor was minimalist and trendy.  The lighting was low and the place seemed very relaxed.  We had the calamari were lightly breaded and the dipping sauce is delicious (don't compare it to every overcooked and fatty calamari you've had in any cheap Italian restaurant).  My wife and I both loved our entrees and they were perfectly cooked.  However, dessert was a disappointment.  The only reason I didn't mind too much is that I had already had a cocktail, wine, and a nightcap!  Next time I think we will skip dessert.  Most of their desserts are brought in from a store down the street anyway, so in the future we'll just get a second appetizer!
4	Has it really been almost a month since I've reviewed a restaurant in Pittsburgh?? Well, for shame Neal M. let me remedy this directly and I couldn't have picked a much better spot than Bistro 19 to begin my spring reviews.  I was here for dinner on Tuesday of last week with a couple business associates.  I arrived a little after 7 PM to meet Tom and Mike who were seated at the bar enjoying their first cocktail.  The space itself is quite nice and intimate.  However, they seem to use the space well as to make it seem much larger than it's actual I'd guess 1,000 - 1,500 sq. ft dimension.  You enter and are greated by a large bar typcially packed with locals in casual wear and suits alike,  The interior is sparce and minimalist with high ornate ceilings and tables located throughout but not so close as to lack privacy.  The colors are dark deep browns, gold and green.  The tile columns and exposed wine rack are also a nice touch.  The bathroom is located in the back near the kitchen entrance and are large and well designed.  After a cocktail at the bar we make our way to a table in the back with a nice view of the bustling suburban street on a spring weekday.  The server greets us promptly with a big smile and reviews the features while grabbing us all another cocktail.  I'm having dirty martini rocks which are pretty good, however lacking those really big olives that I likeand most often get at steakhouses.  The meal starts with some bread and butter, meh.. then we order a couple of appetizers.  Mike says he really likes the "pot stickers", so we try those and then also try the lemon pepper calamari.  The calamari is fine served very lightly breaded with some type of mayo sauce or remoulade.  The pot stickers are also adequate spiced with some type of thai sauce.  We all decide on salads instead of soups and I try the french onion soup, which was very good.  It had a much more layered flavor than many other french onion soups you get in casual spots and was well seasoned with a somehow still crunchy croute and mounds of gruyare.  Tom and Mike tried the soup of the day which was some type of chicken thai soup that also tasted pretty good from the small sampling I had.  It is so true that you can tell a lot about a chef by their soups and this start led me to believe the rest of the meal wouldn't let us down.  Tom and Mike had the chilean sea bass, which was a nice healthy serving of perfectly cooked sweet sea bass with a nice slaw and marinade.  I had the "steak and cake" which was their filet (good quality, not prime) cooked perfectly medium rare along with large perfectly cooked asparagus, mashed potatoes (forgettable) and a good crabcake.  The crabcake had almost no filler and was served with a nice mustard sauce.  This crabcake is good and almost in the same league as Andora's or monterey bay's crabcake,,, almost...  We finished by splitting their version of "bananas foster",,, it was very good with a flaky crust and homemade whipped cream I'd guess.  Overall this is a very good option with a warm atmosphere and good prospects in my estimation for long term success in this casual fine dining segment.
4	I really enjoyed having lunch here - the atmosphere is relaxed and the food is excellent.  We sat outside and the road noise was a little much, but if you opt for the inside, I'm sure you'll have a better experience.We both tried the watermelon soup, which was quite tasty and a great summer dish.  I had the tiger shrimps, which were perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious.  I'd happily have them again.  Boyfriend tried the roast beef sandwich, which was, by all accounts, delicious, but potentially a little too rich.At any rate, a real winner in my book.  I just wish that they had better outdoor seating.  I hear they have a delectable Sunday brunch, so watch for an update.
4	With a very chic and modern atmosphere for the burg', Bistro 19 serves a wide array of new American cuisine. Notably, they have a great selection of wines by the glass and they give you a HUGE portion - almost two glasses in one. I had the Malbec, it was very tasty. For food I had the pear and roasted beet salad - very good and my entree was the pumpkin ravioli with spinach. My only complaint would be the spinach had a bit of a bitter finish. Overall, great for a quiet weeknight evening with a friend or two. N.B.  Not the best choice for dining with children.
2	I'm not 100% sure how Bistro 19 stays in business in Mount Lebanon. Our waitress was sniffly and snorty. She was definitely not the endearing type you'd think you'd encounter at an upscale little bistro. My husband and I were there for lunch, so we both ordered the French Onion soup, and I got a barbecue cheddar bison burger, and my husband got a turkey sandwich.If I was basing Bistro 19 on the French Onion Soup alone, I wouldn't hesitate giving it 4 stars. It was delicious! They brought out for me another burger entirely, and my medium I requested was very medium-well to well done. I'm not the type to ask to have my food returned for being incorrect, so I ate the burger I did not order. It was ok. Too well done for my liking, and the cheddar cheese was sliced too thick and not melted over the burger.
5	We have eaten here several times since we moved into the area last year. The latest time was this past saturday. A musician friend of ours was in town and we wanted to take him to a nice lunch before his performance, We could not have made a better choice. We had three different entres and each of us raved about ours. The soup was obviously homemade and delicious. Excellent service coupled with excellent food, I can't rave enough.
4	my friend and i ate here over the weekend and it was sooo good!  we had lunch outside, and our waitress was friendly and attentive.  i loved the atmosphere and the neighborhood.  my food was delicious and the prices were good.  i had the chicken caprese wrap and it was perfect.
4	I'm not sure who rated the prices as $$$, but at least for lunch, the selections are really reasonably priced, and perfectly sized. The Cuban sandwich, which was delicious, stuffed with pulled pork and gruyere, was $9 with a side of fries. It's not a $1 slice of pizza, but I don't think $9 warrants any "overpriced" concerns.Our charming server, Mick, was helpful -- with suggestions and information on the menu -- but unobtrusive. Bistro 19 was a pleasant surprise on a trip to see the parents -- the kind of place I'm glad to see reappearing on Washington Road.
4	Brunch was GrEaT!!  The food was excellent and our party of 5 was pleased with everything.  We had the Egg White Frittata, Eggs Benedict, Bistro Brunch, Chocolate Raspberry Pancakes (we actually shared this as there were too many yummy items on the menu) and Omelet.  Drink were also fab...even the "virgin" Bloody Mary was really good;)The service was quite good-attentive but not smothering.  We left happy and just right stuffed.  A great placed to go for Sunday brunch without being rushed or uncomfortably stuffed.
4	I just experienced a case of very bad food envy!You know what that means?  When the person across from you (the hubby in this instance) orders something that ends up being WAY more amazing than your own meal.  Hence the end result being food envy!I ordered the Lobster Cake Cobb Salad and Hubby ordered the Chicken Salad Croissant.  Don't get me wrong, my meal was good but his, by far, blew away the competition.  The Lobster Cake itself was really fantastic.  I think I made a mistake by mushing it up too fast into my salad because I didn't get to really taste it once everything was mixed in.  The salad toppings of tomatoes, bacon, blue cheese, cheddar cheese, hard boiled egg and avocado was A LOT compared to the spinach.  I feel as if you should always have a good balance of ingredients and spinach.  Overall I'd give my salad a 3 1/2 starts.Now to give you some background info on Hubby...hardly ANYTHING impresses him.  I may think something is amazing and it's just ok to him.  Actually, his scale goes from ok to bad.  So for him to say that this was "pretty tasty" was mind blowing!  Of course I had to take a bite and, sure enough, it was amazing!  The chicken salad was mixed with sun dried tomato, bacon, currants, pecans, lettuce and tomato.  I think the sun dried tomato and bacon really brought out the whole taste.  Just incredible!  I'm excited to go back and try their dinner options because I really think this is a stellar restaurant.  When I'm back for lunch, you can be SURE I'll be getting the Chicken Salad Croissant.  I'd maybe even make whoever is my dining partner to get that as well!  I wouldn't wish food envy on anyone...that's just cruel!
4	Just had a case of very good food envy.  Rachel C., we had someone two tables over stand up and look at our orders...found he wanted to order one of the items we had and his better half made him change his order.  Our meals were excellent!  Started with the Pear and Roasted Beet salad that include some of the best blue cheese crumbles and walnut vinaigette.  I had the pork tenderloin with a rub and raspberry chipotle glaze, chive whipped potatoes, grilled squash and some of the thinest onion rings with just a touch of breading (delicious rings).  The pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly, tender, juicy, and a great combination of flavors from the rub and the raspberry chipotle glaze.For desert we share a blueberry cheesecake that we one of the better cheesecakes I have had in the area.Our server was wonderful, helpful and really just about perfect.  The menu references the local establishments that provide some of the dinner items including meat, veggies, bread, desert.My one minor complaint is, it gets noisy.  Nice interior but mostly hard surfaces except one wall.   We were a walk in at about 7:30 on a Friday night and the Greeter asked for a few minutes and then said he would have a table ready in about 5 minutes.  Was surprised to get in and boy was it worth it!Set up like a NYC type bistro.  What a great meal!
4	A great place in Mt. Lebo. We went for brunch on a Sunday and they were very helpgul for my gluten free diet. I had the scrambled eggs with salmon and goat cheese (DELICIOUS). The boyfriend has some type of french toast and loved it. I want to go for dinner sometime, they open up the doors when the weather is nice. A great atmosphere.
3	This was my first visit even though I have eaten at almost every other restaurant in the Mt. Lebanon area in the recent years. I was warmly greeted and the service was excellent. I sat outside in a small table. The noise from the busy street was annoying but tolerable. The food was very tasty . The only problem I had was the portion size and price. I ordered the scallops at a price of $25. I was expecting at least six at a good size but I got four at a very small size. I was done with my dinner in two minutes. That comes out to over $8 for each scallop. Come on Bistro 19. I don't mind paying to go to a nicer restaurant but I don't like being robbed either.Next time I decide to come here, I will ask the server exactly how big are the portions.
3	Meh. The decor is nice, and the menu's ambitious, but you'll get much better food down the road at Il Pizzaiolo. I like this place best for drinks and either appetizers or dessert. Their bananas foster napoleon dessert is delicious (and I am not a huge banana dessert fan).
3	Had lunch today.  Service was great at first, but when it got busy the two waiters were in over their heads and the manager sat down and ate lunch.  I think the waitress was doing the best she could, but they need more staff.  We ordered sweet potato fries with the burger and they never showed up, couldn't tell the waitress because she did not return to check on us.  We were relaxing, so we were in no rush, but we were in the place for an hour and 45 minutes, a little too long for lunch!I think the "whipped cream" on the dessert trio was Cool Whip -- whipping cream is easy, that just seemed strange to me.We have been here a many times with mixed results, I do wish they would have some new items on the menu, espiecially the lunch appetizers.
5	This place deserves five stars.  It is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, it is a place where I go for Birthdays and Valentines days, I love the food!  I went there last week again with a group of friends and it was delicious. Great wine and martini selection.  We ordered the Calamari and Fried Green Tomatoes apps which were both great.  The four of us ordered Almond Chicken, Crab Cakes, Filet Mignon, and Sea Scallops as entrees.  All four were delicious (we all tasted everything).  I highly recommend the Almond Chicken and the Filet the most!  But this is one of those places where I think everything is delicious. Reservations are recommend but I have gotten in on Valentine's Day in the past without a reservation, the staff was terrific. Prices are higher for Pittsburgh but you get what you pay for here - it is worth every cent.
5	Looooove this place! It is where I come when I'm feeling terribly nostalgic because it reminds me of all my favorite places in my favorite city. Intimate, modern, romantic, quiet, great service, delicious food and a convenient location. My boo and I usually share an appetizer and an entree which is perfect and they always have vegetarian options. Pittsburgh needs more places like this.
4	Totally great ambiance - the decor was sleek and modern and it reminded me of a bar that would be found in some ultra-hip and cool city.  But here it is in, right in lil ol' southern suburb of Pittsburgh - Mt. Lebo. I met a friend for drinks and had the Asian Pear Martini - yum, yum!  It wasn't ultra sweet, but definitely had a pear taste to it and a hint of ginger.  It was really good and I highly recommend.  We shared the calamari as an appetizer and typically I'm not a big fan of calamari, but it was tasty.  The dipping sauce was delish and a great compliment to the dish.  I definitely want to check this place out for lunch or dinner sometime!
4	Bistro 19 boasts a funky modern decor, a variety of brunch cocktails and an "eat your heart out" brunch menu. Steven and I met up some friends for brunch here recently. To start my Sunday off right, I ordered their Villa Mosa, a cocktail made with prosecco and limoncello. The tangy flavor of lemon infused with the bubbly taste of prosecco was refreshing and delicious.My brunch order was Eggs Benedict - perfectly poached eggs on a fresh toasted croissant smothered in creamy hollandaise sauce and garnished with crumbled prosciutto. If that wasn't enough decadence, this dish comes with a side of golden brown home fried potatoes. Steven ordered their Bananas Foster Pancakes. One word - amazing! The Bananas Foster sauce was caramelized golden goodness and a perfect pairing for the glazed bananas as well as the pancake. I will definitely be back for more. Kudos Bistro 19!
5	Consistently great food from this gem in the south hills. Vibrant atmosphere. We have been here several times over the last two years and the food is always terrific. Try the beet salad and the grilled crab appetizer. Fantastic.
5	Asian Pear Martini, it doesn't get better!  We love the hummus sampler, too!
3	Girls' Dinner Club visited for Restaurant Week. This review is strictly based on the $30 restaurant week menu/$15 wine pairing. My opinion on Restaurant Week is that the menus should highlight the skill and direction of the restaurant, which unfortunately I do not think Bistro 19 was effective in doing. Regular menu prices are $19-30 for entrees, $8-15 wines by the glass. They also regularly do special dinners, one of which coming up is a local corn dinner (all dishes made with corn!). Service was great - timely, and unobtrusive. Appetizers were the highlight of the meal. I had a watermelon crab gazpacho, that started a little sweet, and finished with a hint of spice. Fresh lump crab and a beautiful deep red color. This is one I will try to reproduce. Entrees were a little blase. Options were a Parm/Panko crusted chicken with whipped potatoes and zucchini salad; or salmon with a lime-caramel glaze, green beans, and a chilled asian noodle salad. The chicken dish was all one color, which to me was generally unappealing - but the crowd seemed to approve. Salmon was dry (although I will admit, I am a salmon elitist and since having it sous vide, salmon will never be the same) and the glaze was non-apparent. The green beans were the best part of the plate. There was a third dish offered; a pasta with alfredo, which no one ordered so I can't comment, but pasta with alfredo is a little 1998.  At the end of the day, the food was just nothing special. It has good intention, but execution missed the mark. My inner environmentalist also has a big concern with the sustainability factor here. Bay of Fundy salmon was a highlight on the restaurant week menu. The chef's 'signature' dish is Chilean Sea Bass. Unless the restaurant could ensure they were purchasing MSC-certified fish, I would hesitate to order any seafood here because I do not agree with the philosophy of serving endangered fishes. I like the ambiance; its a cool interior with a nice little bar area - modern, but warm at the same time. Sounds like I need to head back and try this Asian Pear Martini that everyone raves about!
3	I was visiting Mount Lebanon and Bistro 19 certainly looked like the "nice place" in town.  I was there on a Tuesday night, and every table was accounted for so I took a seat at the bar.I ordered a pumpkin ale (yum) and the autumn penne.  But unlike the scrumptious description of the penne on the menu, I found myself eating a fairly bland penne alfredo-alike with some supermarket-tasting chicken sausage on top.I think it's one thing to be a nice place and it's one thing to have pretty descriptions and combinations on your menu, but another for your food to taste as good as it sounds.  And as far as taste went, the food just didn't live up to what I expected.
5	This is one of the best places to eat in the burgh!  I've been here a few times now and have yet to leave without having a fantastic meal. I live in miami so I know good food, Pittsburgh needs more places as good as bistro!
5	Nice cocktails, great food, reasonable cost for quality, good intimate atmosphere, friendly servers.I was feeling good after the USA Hockey triumph over Canada at the 2013 World Junior Tournament, so I honored out "neighbours to the North" with my selection of the Maple Leaf cocktail and the Maple Leaf farms duck breast. I don't care for Brussels sprouts, and I substituted baby carrots.First, the cocktail: Knob Creek Bourbon, maple syrup, lemon wedge. I'm not sure the ratio of maple syrup, but it wasn't too sweet. There was enough syrup to get that maple flavor, especially toward the end of the drink. We also had some calamari, and the remoulade was a highlight. The breading was light and the firmness of the calamari was just right. Wedding soup was on special. I would have liked some parmesan on top in retrospect. It wasn't offered, but I also didn't ask.The duck was cooked to good temperature and the skin was not too chewy or tough as I've experienced in a few other places.I look forward to another visit next time I'm in town.
4	I feel so comfortable at B19.  While the decor is somewhat trendy and stylish, it has something that just seems comfy.  That comfy could come from the servers and bartender...all so nice and do a great job.  Stopped by on a snowy night when a function we were going to was canceled...needed to find a nice comfy place with good comfy food...B19.  The food is very good and sometimes a little adventurous with some great comfort type items.   We stopped at the bar and since we did not have reservations decided to eat at the bar since the wait would be very long...gee, it is snowing like crazy and not one cancelation.   The bartender is great, friendly and mixes a good drink.  We split the Lamb Empanada with mole sauce, lime cilantro slaw and the Pear and Roasted Beet salad; both were very good.  For the main course, I had the Red Wine Raised Beef Short Ribs that had an apple cider glaze with some delicious whipped potatoes and baby carrots.  The meal was delicious, meat was tender and tasty.  If your looking for a neighborhood bistro with a comfy and trendy feel, B19 is it.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this dinner with some of my good friends, it was nice that Bistro 19 was able to accommodate a reservation of 6 people on a Friday night with less than a week notice. I guess we just were lucky, anyhow everything about this place is consistently good. The have a great bar with excellent wines to chose from. I actually kept it simple on this most recent visit and tried the Bay of Fundy Salmon which I was very happy with. It was quite a large size piece of fish topped with a tasty creamy/ Dijon mustard sauce that was not overpowering at all. The fish was cooked perfectly and it flaked apart very nice. Also, had the French Onion Soup which was very good but my personal preference would have the cheese on top cooked a little bit more, I thought it was, as if the cheese was barely melted. Don't get me wrong though very good soup. Then for desert I tried the Caramel Popcorn Sundae which was extremely tasty.  I typically don't order desert but I just had to try this simply because of the name, I love caramel popcorn. I will be certain to save room for desert every time I come here. Service was very professional, timely and accurate. I was happy that we all had a great meal while doing some catching up.
5	Went to Bistro 19  for Valentine's day dinner with my girlfriend. We arrived 15 minutes before our 9:00 reservation. Even though it was a holiday we were seated right away. The restaurant is small and cozy with a relaxed atmosphere and nice modern decor. The waitress was nice and attentive. I ordered the French onion soup and the roast duck breast. The soup was pretty good but the duck was fantastic. My girlfriend ordered the short ribs. She enjoyed it and the portion was large. Both dishes were around $20 each. She also ordered the pear martini which was delicious but over priced. All in all everything was great. Probably one of the best restaurants in the south hills.
4	The BF and I had been itching to try Bistro 19, and the $30 Fixed-Price Meal offered during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week was the perfect incentive to join the Real Housewives of Mt. Lebanon for a tasty night out.Let me start by saying the food was delicious, but I was really blown away by my yummy beverage.  For the life of me, I can't remember what is was called, and Bistro 19 doesn't have their cocktail list on their website (I think b/c it's rotating).  Suffice it to say, it was strong and delicious, a fruity variation of a martini with vodka.  Their wine list is EXTENSIVE, too, so this is def. a place to drink and dine.I started with the Pan-Seared Scallops for my first course.  There were only two scallops (bummer, b/c I LOVE scallops).  Tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. @Curtis G's first course, the braised pork mac & cheese was much more plentiful, and full of baked cheesy goodness.I had the Roasted Lamb Gnocchi for my main entree - the lamb was seasoned well and def. had that slow-roasted taste.  What the first course lacked in size, the entree made up for; I could barely handle all the lamb/gnocchi goodness!Dessert was also included as part of the Fixed-Price Meal and was A-OK.  I don't think I can give dessert a fair review, as I was soooo stuffed from my entree and delicious martinis.So, why 4 stars?  I just can't imagine making a special trip to Mt. Lebo to go back.  I thoroughly enjoyed the food, the prices were reasonable, and we experienced good service.  With so many excellent restaurants in the city, I don't think I'd make the drive back out (yes, I'm a city snob!).  If I'm in that area for some unknown reason, I would for sure go back.  If I lived there, I'd join the Mt. Lebo locals often.
3	A recent foursome for early dinner on a Saturday yielded good apps (duck confit flatbread, lemon-pepper calamari, tri-plate of hummus: red-pepper, herb, and original)The filet and pork chop were reasonably sized and tasty.The four stuffed shrimp were good, but, there were (4) for $24.The scallops require special treatment here.  There were also (4) of them, also for $24, but that's not the problem.Even the fact that they came out RAW in the middle isn't so much of the problem.A long delay checking on us was a problem, and then the "helpful" advice was the problem.  The waitress suggested that, in the future, that we order our scallops well done if we want them that way.  Uhhhh, I just want the damn things cooked.Oh, and a nice hard sear on the outside isn't too much to ask, is it?I expected better service for a $200 (including drinks and tip) for four meal.The Kous Kous Cafe has scallops on special, serving (5) for the same $24, but with a PERFECT sear and properly cooked.  Your overall meal would likely be better AND cheaper.  And just 500ft down the road.
5	Great food and experience, glad to have found this place. I love watching their social updates on Facebook too. Would highly recommend for foodies but comfortable enough for everyone.
5	Thank you Darren for bringing me here for our anniversary (3 years!). I wanted a romantic, intimate dinner, and the staff pulled out all the stops, even putting us in a posh booth in the back of the dining room and giving us a free shareable dessert with a candle in it. A serving of the Pan Seared Scallops was our starter, and they were delicious, especially with the bacon marmalade. My entree was the Maple Leaf Farm's Duck Breast which was tender beyond compare. It was complimented by a blueberry port reduction, parmesan risotto, and green beans, all of which was fantastic. Our dessert that we shared was the scrumptious Banana Foster Napoleon. Our server Cheryl was really nice as was the decor. Bistro 19 rocks.
5	I came here for lunch with some family back in mid-May and I really liked this restaurant. The staff were very nice and the restaurant was very nice inside. The food was also very, very tasty and I genuinely enjoyed my meal. It's a bit pricey for lunch, but the whole area might be pricey in general (I'm not too sure, was just stopping by). Despite that, I would definitely stop in again if I'm in the area.
5	I enjoyed the burger I had which was cooked how I ordered it. The chocolate cake was rich and delicious. I would go back again.
4	Took my daughter and son-in-law here for dinner this past weekend based on Yelp reviews. This restaurant did not disappoint. The stacked vegetables were great. The pork tenderloin was tender, moist and flavorful. The risotto served with the veal chop was the highlight of the dish. The veal was very good, but the risotto was great. Bistro 19 was a great experience for all of us.
5	Had a great experience here tonight.  Food was excellent as was the ambiance.  Couldn't ask for more.
3	We were ravenous when we arrived after a morning of wedding dress shopping, and we didn't have much time because we had another appointment after lunch. Our server was very nice. Among the 4 of us, we had 2 turkey burgers, 1 salmon taco, and 1 chicken with brie cream sauce. The food was good, but nothing spectacular. My turkey burger was rather small, particularly for the size of the bun (even after I pulled off some excess bread). The tortellini salad lacked any flavor whatsoever. My sister's sweet potato fries were delicious. The service was decent, but we had told our server what time we needed to leave and we waited quite a while for her to give us a check (we were almost late for our appointment). She apologized saying she got stuck on a long phone call. Not sure why a server is taking phone calls at the restaurant (or whether it was even related to work). Either way, it was a decent lunch spot but I wouldn't rush back.
3	We used to go to Bistro 19 for Sunday brunch with our parents and when we have out of town guests but I find that we are visiting Bistro less and less. At first I was a raving fan back when service was great, portions were large and they had Filet and Hash as one of their brunch meals. The Filet and Hash was taken off of the menu probably about a year and a half ago and since then, I have a hard time finding something else that I like there. I usually end up with Eggs Benedict or the boring Bistro Brunch. The portions have gotten smaller and the service team is just, meh. Bring the Filet and Hash back, Bistro!
4	We came here with new friends recently, and I must say it was a great evening. We all had fish as our entrees and loved all of the different iterations. Appetizers were tasty and a good value. Drinks were generous pours and well-priced. Overall, a great place if you want a cozy meal with friends. This will definitely be our go-to place for dinners when in the South Hills!
4	Went here for a birthday dinner. We started with the duck confit flatbread and lemon pepper calamari. Both were very good and could feed a lot of people. The calamari was very light and was served with a great horseradish sauce.For dinner, I had the Chilean sea bass which the waiter said was their specialty dish. It was pretty good and very filling.Overall, it was a nice place. Cute interior right in uptown and good food!
4	Food is decent enough, but a little pricey for what it is. Bartenders are friendly and have a few nice spins on drinks. A plus for warmer weather dining are the large front windows being open.
4	I've been to Bistro 19 a couple of times for dinner but this review is mainly based on a recent lunch experience. I joined a friend who frequents B19 at least once a week for lunch. She raves about the food and reasonable lunch prices. At 12 on a recent Wednesday, there were about 5 other tables in the restaurant. I looked over the menu and decided to indulge my inner carnivore with a bacon cheese burger which came with a side of tortellini salad. The menu had an array of sandwiches and lunch entrees. Some of your favorites were included (burger, wrap) but were done with a gourmet twist. There were also heavier meals (entrees) like almond chicken with brie, rice and veggies. We were served bread and butter while we waited. Within a few minutes, my well done burger arrived. Although ordering well done could often result in a dry, rubbery slab of beef, this burger was juicy and tender. In fact, it was so tender that the burger fell apart a little as I chomped down big bites. The accompanying tortellini salad was light and refreshing. I also chomped down on my friend's green beans which were cooked to perfection with a hint of garlic. Overall, a great lunch experience at a reasonable cost. If you are looking for an above average lunch with reasonable prices ($9-12) Bistro 19 is a great choice.
5	I thought about rating this a 4 but then I couldn't think of anything to have made my experience/meal any better!  I ordered the black tiger shrimp which were topped/stuffed with this creamy spinach and artichoke mixture.  You get 4 large shrimps and this is more than enough because of the richness of the dish.  There's risotto in the center of the dish which just adds to the richness and comfort of having this entree on a cold evening.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and while I thought some bites were a bit too cream-cheesy for my taste...I think it's more me than the dish.  The waitress also warned me that this dish is filling as I was debating on whether to get the shrimp or Bay of Fundy Salmon.  She mentioned the salmon is a bit lighter while the shrimp is a heavier dish.  I could only finish 3 of the shrimp and while I'm sure I could have managed to get the last one down I did want to save some room for dessert.I'm glad the last shrimp didn't make its way in to my mouth because the Bananas Foster Napoleon would have been a crime to miss!  The caramel sauce, vanilla cream, bananas and pastry dough was heavenly.  My only "complaint" if you could even call it that, was that I wish that the pastry was a bit more melt-in-your-mouth like butter type of flaky.  Bistro 19 is not to be missed!
5	I'm going to make a bold statement and say this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Why? Because it's ALWAYS consistently excellent.My only experience had been for lunch, but I finally made it to dinner and I have to say, what took me so long?? It was incredible. I ordered "what they're know for" (as the waitress said), the Chilean Seabass. Another bold statement, it may be one of the best dishes I've ever had! It was so light and fluffy, but packed with flavor. Mainly because the horseradish glaze was out of control good. Add on a delicious mix of slaw and rice and it was the perfect dish.Please, city folks, do not poo poo coming out to the South Hills! It's so worth the annoying ride up West Liberty, promise!!
4	Came for lunch had salmon salad excellent service decent portion size. Everything was freshly prepared.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the South Hills.  They are just consistently excellent in food and service.  I have loved everything I have tried here.  And I have to repectfully disagree with Peter F :)  I have had better food and service here than at Legume.
5	Superb restaurant ! Consistently good. The menu is eclectic and varied. Two recommendations: Chilean sea bass!!! - one of the best dishes anywhere! Pear walnut salad!!  Helpful wait staff. A bit pricey but worth it.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, always consistent. Great drink menu that changes seasonally. Every visit is as good if not better than the last.
5	What an amazing place! This is our first restaurant experience in Pittsburgh. Could not have been happier! Thank you for accommodating our dietary needs. We already came back twice and will be here often!
4	Great hip restaurant on 19 in the heart of Mt Lebanons shopping district. Very good service and great entrees.  I'd give it five stars if it had more meatless offerings. As it is there is only one, the spinach  and ravioli which was very good. I would recommend Bistro 19.
5	Got my side business on Etsy started yesterday! Yay! So my husband and I went out to celebrate and decided to give Bistro 19 a try since we has heard so many great things from friends. Gotta say that everything was really good, all our food came out at the right temperature, wait staff was attentive and we didn't feel rushed. Atmosphere was romantic and trendy but remotely quite, which we definitely appreciated after a long stretch with the business. Definitely have to give them 5 stars since it all went so smooth and I truly wish I had had room for dessert. There was only thing however, I was disappointed in and that was their current summer menu. Many times I find summer menus to be overly saturated with "fresh" meals that are overpopulated with vegetables. That is what a salad section is for in my opinion. I wanted  to see more of a variety of meats and styles but a friend told me that their fall and winter menus usually encompasses that more. I love summer but sometimes it is my downfall :). Looking forward to going back though and seeing what they have to offer.
4	This is one of my fav restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is a sophisticated yet relaxing, intimate setting and the food matches. Great for a celebratory splurge dinner or a higher end lunch. Their chipotle rubbed pork loin is to die for. And I am not even really a pork loin fan but it is prepared perfectly. Moist, tender and oh so flavorful. Treat yourself and enjoy!!
5	This is one of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is delicious and the service is top notch. Every time I've been (and I've been a lot) it is consistently great. The atmosphere is tough to beat as well. Perfect for brunch, lunch, an intimate dinner or dinner with a big group. If you haven't been, you're missing out!
5	Wonderful little find in Mount Lebanon.  The restaurant is small and quaint but has some amazing flavors in their food.  The decor is nice and you need a reservation to prevent you from waiting for a table.  We have had almost everything off the menu and believe me when I say you can't go wrong with anything you order.  One of our personal favorites that we make sure we get everytime we come is the pork tenderloin.  It is just amazing and so full of flavor that it is like a party in your mouth with each bite.  Do youself a favor and try a meal here, I'm sure it won't be your last.
