5	So glad Eastside is back! And better than ever! Full stock of hard to find LP's and 45's that I have been needing for my collection. I always stumble on something new, or something I forgot even existed. Great punk/rock selections, hard to finds and everything is priced really well... amazing selection of jazz, funk and soul LP's. Always informative and willing to help. Thanks guys!
5	Eastside records is what a record should be, but often is not! Something for everyone, a great collection of records you will not find down the road at the other record store. Great prices, staff who know a thing or two about what they are selling and talking about. There is something for everyone, if have any need for vinyl, this is the place for you. I can't even recall all of the gems I have found over the years digging in their bins. A Tempe staple, that needs to be supported!
5	After another hiatus the best record store in the valley is back and better than ever.  Went into the store the other day and their selection is ridiculous.  Great jazz, punk, rock, soul and reggae.  Better than any other store in the valley hands down.  If you can only go to one store while visiting Phoenix this is the place.  The only record store that could exist in LA or NYC with rare awesome records but at a Phoenix price.
5	Nice owner. Nice selection. Reasonable prices. Parking ehh.
5	Love this place. Friendly knowledgeable staff.
5	Great selection! I found every artist I was looking for and I found a really cool Pink Floyd album that I didn't already have. The owner is so cool! He has a lot of stories to tell about the good old days of punk rock and really loves music. He's friendly,  welcoming, and knowledgeable. We are visiting from OC California and this is so far the best place we've found! We will definitely be back here, either in person or from their eBay store. The parking is metered but he gives you a deal if you have to pay to park- that's really nice. Thanks Eastside!!!
3	Great to see an all vinyl store. Emphasis on indie and punk rock vinyl. Not a whole lot of "gems".  Most of the used stuff was tired and overpriced and the new singles started at 7.00. Nonetheless, how else is the guy gonna make a living?  Support your indie record store.
5	Love this place!
5	Let me open with this, absolutely one of the best record shops I've been to, hands down and when it comes to record shopping, its a serious business for me.  I have looked up a bit of their history, and it looks like they moved and downsized a bit in the past couple years, and now they go by the name "Ghost of Eastside records".  The space was small and a bit dark, no more than 1 window in the whole place.  Regardless of their small and cramped space, The records were well organized and i had no trouble navigating through the stacks.But here comes the important part.  The used stock was amazing!  In great condition and clean, every stack i looked through had 5 or 6 lp's that you would not find anywhere else at prices that would be easily double anywhere else.  I have no clue where they get these titles.  I grabbed up some Beefheart, a live Coltrane lp I have never seen, Rahsaan Roland Kirk,  Iggy pop, Furry Lewis (Mississippi blues wizard) and 2 more that are escaping me right now all for less than $80.  When i walked in, I felt sort of like I did when i entered Amoeba in San Fran the first time, with amazing titles all around me, the difference is Amoeba had an overwhelming amount, with rare and interesting titles mixed in between common titles, whereas Eastside Records took all those rare and interesting titles, and condensed them into a small space with none of the filler.  If you are in the Phoenix/Tempe area, DO NOT MISS THIS STORE!
5	Eastside has now become the Double Nickels Collective near Yucca Tap Room on SOuthern and Mill in Tempe.  I accidentally stumbled upon the store the other day and I was so excited.  The place is ridiculous with multiple record stores having stock inside the store, absolutely amazing selection.
