4	This place is great. I have been several times and remember going when i was little. They had this workbook thing that my geeky younger self found really cool (you had to find stuff in the museum i think!)Its a good dose of nostalgia - even for those of us who are not that old - definitely go its worth a couple of hours!!
5	The Museum of Childhood is a wonderland for people who never grow up, and a nostalgia trip for those who want to go back to those carefree years.Glass cabinets line the wall, preserving an amazing amount of childhood nostalgia, dating back from as early as the Victorian era. On all floors you can find themed exhibits with old 1940s bikes to early computer games and girls comics. They host a large number of toys spanning over the past 100 years and it's incredible seeing how far we've advanced. What scares me, however, is seeing toys I vividly remember cherishing as a child now hammered up on these walls - am I that old already? Saying that, it's nice to see they keep their exhibits up to date.It's amazing to watch the timescale unfold in front of your eyes and to see how our interests have changed, from the laid back 60s playsets to the high tech mechanical machines of the 80s. With a working coin operated "spooky room" in a dolls house to the awesome coin operated piano, there's something in here for people of all ages. Not surprisingly, you'll find the adults loving it as much as the kids, if not more!Did I mention it's free?
3	Across from John Knoxx's House is the Museum of Childhood. Despite its slightly creepy name , my friend and I decided to take a look around, mostly because of its free entrance. It's pretty cool, you get to see a lot of toys from olden days to modern ones (you might even see your own childhood games which makes one feel particularly old!) and other than the particularly scary porcelain dolls room, it's all a bit of fun. On weekends it tends to be particularly crowded of families, so if you want a scream-free wonder around I would suggest going on a week day.The gift shop is pretty cool too, with lots of stocking fillers for Christmas!
2	I find the Museum of Childhood quite a depressing place to visit these days. I suggested to my boyfriend that we should go down for a look not so long ago, I hadn't been since I was a child so I thought it might make for a fun afternoon, I was wrong wrong wrong. It seems that nothing has changed since my last visit in the early nineties. The exhibits looked tired and out of date and generally a bit rubbish; this place is in need of a lick of paint and some serious investment. It is a great idea for a museum and one that appeals to both adults and children alike, hopefully they manage to restore it to its former glory by the time I have my own little ones. Edinburgh City Council, get your act together!
4	I love this museum purely for the nostalgic, feel good factor it has. The exhibits showcase all sorts of toys dating back over a hundred years which I find really interesting. It amazes me how some of the toys seem so simple, yet they were bound to have provided hours of entertainment. I'm not sure how I feel seeing toys that I played with when I was younger in a museum, but that is my own personal issue. I think the sheer nostalgia of this place clouds my judgment of this museum.  It has clearly been forgotten about, what with the massive refurbishment of the Royal Museum up the road. So it could do with some updating and perhaps developing the exhibits further. However it is great fun and best down with your grandparents and parents so everyone can point out their old toys and reminisce.
3	Hidden away behind an unassumiong door on the royal mile, hides the museum of childhood - a nostalgic, if a bit dated tour through some of histories greatest toys and all other manner of child related objects.I say dated, because while I understand that the toys obviously are old, I got the general impression that this place has been the same for a very long time. The exhibit is still great, don't get me wrong, but it just needs sprucing up a little bit. Other than that, the museum is rather splendid, a must for kids of all ages.
5	The Museum of Childhood is nostalgic on two levels. Older people will get nostalgic as they see toys similar to those they actually used, while the under 30s will get nostalgic as the museum reminds them of school trips in the 80s and 90s. The place has hardly changed at all since then.Quite small and so easily fully appreciated within an hour or two, it's a wonderfully honest little tourist attraction, and while some complain that it feels a bit old and tired, I think the dusty feel and 80s interior just adds to the experience.Whilst browsing the exhibits, I did begin to feel that there should perhaps be more stuff from the 80s and 90s, as 20 and 30 somethings would absolutely lap this up. I was then quite chuffed to see a sign downstairs stating how they're actively looking for toys from this era, and donations would be appreciated. Sadly I think my Ninja Turtles and Ghostbusters got chucked out some time ago, but I'll have a rummage when I get the chance.
4	Anywhere where I can get a good run of nostalgia and reminiscing on the go is a winner with me. This place definitely reminds me of trips and days out when I was younger, when obstructing my brother from sharing my little red car and pretending to cook lumps of Play-Doh on my toy cooker was all I had to worry about.The museum is a good call if you have young people in your possession for the day, and you've been instructed to do something educational, yet fun. I avoid babysitting/making awkward conversation with children at all costs, just because I'm truly rubbish at it, so this doesn't really apply to me, but I know other humans like to wander about with their kids or wee cousins or whatever, so this could be an idea for a few hours of wandering. People of any age would get enjoyment out of the museum though, so after all that child blarb, I'm basically now saying that you should all attend the museum, all of you!Anyway, this was apparently the first museum in the world to specialise in the history of childhood, and it's packed with toy relics, and more recent toy memorabilia. There is also some history on the way children have been brought up, and dressed over the years. Plus it's free entry, so you've got no excuse not to come and take a look.
5	The Museum of Childhood will always have a special place in my heart as it's where my mum used to take me every summer when I was little. My mum loves cuddly toys, dolls and even has her very own teddy bear collection so whenever I think of this place, I think of her... it's as if my mum is synonymous with the Museum of Childhood.They have some amazing toys in here and best of all, a visit here is absolutely FREE! I've been here so many times that I've lost count but it was only on my last visit that I discovered a glass cabinet with three cheeky toy monkeys inside, there was a note beside them saying that they were the stars of the story; "The Royal Mile at Midnight" which tells of all the toys in the museum coming to life at night. I couldn't believe I'd never heard of this before so on my way out I had a look around the gift shop to see if I could find a copy of the book. I couldn't believe my luck when I found a copy in the bargain bucket for 50p! It's such a cute story and the next time I go back to the museum I'll think of all the toys in a different light. Especially the skeleton who is apparently partial to the odd cup of tea.
4	Not being originally from Edinburgh or nearby, I can't compare my childhood memories of the Museum of Childhood from school trips or weekend visits, like some of my other yelpers.During my visit I was impressed. Here is a decent sized museum on an interesting topic which appeals to all ages and is all importantly free to the public. I can't really understand what people say about this place getting really busy because when I've been in there's been hardly anyone here. This has always surprised me as although the Museum of Edinburgh or The People's Story down the road is a little more out the way, The Museum of Childhood is in tourist central.The Museum is basically a collection of toy, games and playthings from different periods of mostly  the 19th and 20th century, starting with the Victorians where the modern idea of Children's toys derives. The Museum isn't really a deep meditation on the nature of childhood, at least not in any obvious way, and any sort of greater meaning will be arrived at personally. Rather it is a display of both historical novelty and recent nostalgia. In particular I enjoyed the large room absolutely filled to the brim with dolls from different period and around the world. Whilst the museum is almost solely western focused, this was an interesting comparison of not only different time but different space.When I'm in the Museum of Childhood I'm really pleased to see the intrigue of contemporary children of childhood past. It gives me hope that children are not now solely mindless occupiers of a digital world. They seem equally taken in by the gift shop (no surprise there as such), which sells traditional toys like diablo and yo-yo. This shop even kept me amused, particularly there nice selection of nostalgic and humorous postcards.A fantastic and free museum, perfect for family visits.
5	Also went here today. Anybody who is interested in history or history of toys may want to pay a visit here.I quite enjoyed just a little nit more than the peoples story. Every picture here told a story.
3	Cute and small museum.  Good for a 15 minute break. Good for reminiscing. Kids would be bored. The gift shop had a pretty good selection of old fashion toys and books. It is a well done little museum though!
4	This was a pleasant surprise on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh. The Museum of Childhood has free admission, and is much larger than it appears from the storefront. It's a collection of toys from centuries ago through today, and is an interesting tour through five floors of displays. Our particular favorites were the coin-operated Sweeney Todd and Guillotine machines, disturbing on every possible level. Loved this little hole in the wall.
4	Peeps you don't have to have children to enjoy this place.  Wowza this place is free so spend a few pennies and have a go at the coin operated Sweeney Todd, guillotine and automatic piano machines, etc.  So many toys that take you back to when you were a child, I loved  the Charlie's Angels dolls, a bit before my time but oh the memories of the show.  A bit of history re the toys of yester year which was interesting.  Bible related toys on a Sunday, oh how times have changed.  Xoxo
4	Saw lots and lots of really old toys from my childhood and stood fascinated at the toys from my parents and grand parents era. They have nice collection of scary looking dolls too. I was only in there for 15 minutes or so, and I bought some dolls house tea set for my daughter in the very reasonably priced gift shop (I can't work out if it's a shop with a museum or a museum with a gift shop).
