4	Great service. They really worked with my husband to create a one-of-a-kind gift for his siblings. They turned out great and were such high quality.Highly recommend!
5	I've had them design and print shirts for me.  Their artist was great. He really came up with a fantastic design and the shirts have held up really well after multiple washes.  We are very happy with all the orders we've had done here, both for gifts and for our business.
1	I needed my company logo embroidered on my uniforms (which are specially-made and have to be ordered directly from the manufacturer), and was curtly told they "are moving out of customer-supplied items". I then asked if they could please refer me to someone who would be able to help me and the lady smugly told me to "try a kiosk at a mall". I then said I was looking for a professional company who I could rely upon not only currently for my uniforms, but also for future work such as hats and polo shirts that I would order directly from the company doing the embroidery. She then went to the back for a couple of minutes, I assume to speak with her boss, and when she came back, she told me to "go use Google". I guess that since they are a small company with a couple of large accounts, little guys like me are insignificant. Moving on...
5	Ordered a shirt online from their website for my friend's birthday. It was awesome how much I could personalize it on the website, and it came out exactly how I wanted it!! Fast shipping too! Definitely ordering from them again!
3	I needed my company logo embroidered on my uniforms (which are specially-made and have to be ordered directly from the manufacturer), and was curtly told they "are moving out of customer-supplied items". I then asked if they could please refer me to someone who would be able to help me and the lady smugly told me to "try a kiosk at a mall". I then said I was looking for a professional company who I could rely upon not only currently for my uniforms, but also for future work such as hats and polo shirts that I would order directly from the company doing the embroidery. She then went to the back for a couple of minutes, I assume to speak with her boss, and when she came back, she told me to "go use Google". I guess that since they are a small company with a couple of large accounts, little guys like me are insignificant. Moving on...
