2	We ordered the mixed seafood platter but found that it had been "too" deep fried and therefore too heavy for us. We should have ordered something like a grilled fish. Friends of ours rave about this restaurant so we'll have to try it again and next time be more selective about what we order.
3	This is the  very popular Phoenix location of a restaurant chain, with 32 locations, 23 of them in Texas.The faire is mostly Cajun, so gulf type seafood dishes, blackened spices, and Texas size portions are in the norm. This location gets jammed packed, and you will wait 45 minutes if you are there after 6:00pm. They do have a number call system. The mains are solid choices with nice side dishes. This is not high brow food, but it is a good meal and a place to go with friends to drink, laugh and yak, as it gets pretty loud at peak times for anything else.
5	Wow!  I ordered the Louisiana Blackened Catfish topped with pecan butter and spicy pecans with dirty rice.  The fish was done just right -- succulent, moist and flavorful.  I also had the fried alligator appetizer.  The meat is tender and scrumptous.  If I can eat it, so can you.  Oh, you haven't tasted a roll until you have one from Pappadeaux's.  Hot and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.   If you're in Phoenix, be sure to make this your top restaurant visit. You won't be disappointed.
5	I grew up in AZ and still have family there so every trip home going to Pappadeaux's is a MUST!  They have the greatest food and a huge selection even for those who don't like seafood.  They have great Oysters and Jose the oyster shucker is the best!  The staff there is always warm and inviting and even when you have to wait on weekends they have a great live band out on the patio.  It's always packed so I would recommend reservations.  I usually get the steamed muscles and the cedar block salmon which is sooo yummy it's served with asparagus that is the best I have ever had in a restaurant.  If you are going to Phoenix or live there, this place is a MUST!
5	Just returned from sleep inducing dinner at Pappadeaux's. In my stomach: half dozen (actually 8) raw oysters, Pontchartrain fillet, and peanut butter cheesecake. Service was A+... luckily Justin (our waiter) was a jovial one. Will update next time with details. My system will have the sweetest sleep tonight.
4	Louisiana born Hubby decided he wanted to go to Pappadeaux's for his birthday dinner after we discovered that Barrio Cafe would be closed Monday. The restaurant was unbelievably packed for a random Monday, but I was a tad annoyed that we still had to wait about a half hour to be seated- and that was with a reservation. Our waitress was great and got Hubby's requisite Oyster, Crawfish, and Mushroom "Fondeaux" started right away. That kind of chain-y cutesy naming cheesiness makes me roll my eyes, but Hubby is blind to such lameness since Pappa's has a whole empire of similarly named restaurants in Texas (from where he moved to Arcosanti whence I snagged him- but I digress). He also ordered some kind of layered frozen fruity monstrosity that made him positively loopy (in his defense, we're not big drinkers).After the Fondeaux appetizer, we barely had room for our entrees, so we both have excellent lunches today. I had a mixed seafood grill which had very nicely cooked pieces of scallop, mahi, and salmon together with way too well done shrimp. In apparently some sort of fugue state I also ordered a side of onion rings which I promptly regretted when the platter came out bigger than my head. They were mighty tasty, though, and I have not had much luck before finding really good onion rings (except at Ted's Hot Dogs, of course). Hubby ordered a crawfish platter with fried pieces and etoufee, but the waitress  convinced him to get the triple slam with blackened crawfish as well- and this turned out to be his favorite on the plate. All the portions are gargantuan, so we have to remember next time to share an entree, especially if we need to get the Fondeaux. Which I'm sure we will...
5	Is there such a thing as orgasm in a bowl?  YES!  Crawfish ettouffee at Pappadeaux!I had no idea this was a chain restaurant, or I probably wouldn't have gone.  I'm a mom-and-pop snob :}Anyway, we had a party of 6 and had about a half hour wait.  We had reservations.  It was a beautiful night, so sitting out on the patio was no big deal.  The hostess even came by once during our wait to let us know they hadn't forgotten about us!I don't usually get fried calamari (I prefer non-fried seafood) but it was light and crispy and the calamari wasn't rubbery at all.Service was great, too.  We never had to ask to have our glasses refilled.it's a great place for a date or a group!
5	Pappadeaux is definitely my favorite restaurant.  The food is to die for! Cajun deliciousness and fresh seafood!  Who could resist?Things to definitely try:Oyster & Shrimp FondueMediterranean CalamariShrimp BrochettePasta Mardi GrasCrawfish BisqueMusselsBlackened OpelousasDesserts?  Where do I begin???  Sweet potato pecan pie ala mode, carrot cake cheesecake, creme brulee, bread pudding, banana pudding, all are good!  The list goes on. They also have yummy cocktails, including the famous Swamp Thing.  It's a fru fru girlie's drink and pretty sweet and potent.  If you like that sort of thing give it a go!Things to note:If you are on a diet forget it, there is nothing lite on the menu. They have a happy hour M-F and a live band on the patio on Friday/Saturday.  The service is almost always good and the interior is warm and inviting.
5	Pappadeaux and Mammadeaux too~ This place is kicken for Happy Hour Mon-Fri 3pm to 6pm with crazy good food at great prices. Start off with the Blackened Oyster Fondue (under $10), Cold Boiled Shrimp (under $5), Fried Alligator (under $5) and a tall Blue Moon or Swamp Thing! The place packs up around 5ish and the Happy Hour prices only apply to the bar area. A band plays every Friday starting at 6. Good times!The main restaurant is a great place for groups, however, can be a little loud for intimate dates. The menu is extensive with a lot of great choices.  Check out the website for menu details.
3	Whatever the crawfish thing is I get every time I go there is, it's so freekin good.  I like sitting in the bar better than in the actual restaurant part where the tables are crammed in and there's probably kids running around them.  A little too commercial feeling for me to give it 4 stars, but I'll still go there for some dang good crawfish.
5	Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my top five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some top notch food, and the best thing is that it's such a deliciously welcome change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican crap that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include fried alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and delicious shrimp topped with a really nice creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even NICER sauce, and dirty rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely worth coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very quaint outside waiting area with water feature, giant fans etc. The service was also great and both times I've been, the waiters have been very helpful (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a great tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before like etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely love the place. You will too.Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fresh fruit) and sweet potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum.
4	For being a chain restaurant, Pappadeaux is pretty good.  For an appetizer, I usually have the Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux or the Lump Crab & Spinach Dip;  both are luscious and come with French bread.  My two favorite entrees are the Crawfish Etouffee with white rice and the Pontchartrain Panbroiled Fillet.  My adult beverage of choice is the Swamp Thing.  I do not know what is in it but it is quite tasty and pretty to look at (Yes, I'm a girl!).  I have never had dessert;  have always been too full.  However, my sister and nephew swear by the banana pudding which is served in a Mason jar (Ick!).The only real draw back  to Pappadeaux is the wait for a table.  No matter when I have gone, the wait has always been at least an hour.
5	The hubby suggested Pappa's for dinner last Friday, during a rare and precious weekend without any kids. He had been craving it since a recent layover in Houston - he killed time between connecting flights with oysters and beer. I happily agreed, since this is a place that never disappoints, yet I rarely think of it. The wait was quoted at 50-60 minutes, but we quickly found a couple seats at the bar. In nearly no time, we had a couple of good beers and a dozen oysters were being shucked in front of us. Yum... so big and meaty, with a really clean taste. There's no room for wimpy horseradish here, either, just the really good, strong stuff. We were seated pretty quickly afterwards. Kudos to the staff, for immediately moving us (corner table, drafty and too close to wait station) to the inner tables, by the oil lamps. It's a dark, kind of romantic atmosphere. The service was excellent, very friendly, timely and efficient. Overall, I always like the ambiance. Ah, the food. Hubby usually goes for fried fried with a fried, which has a good beer batter. I went for the single crabcake on a bed of crawfish. I'd order the double cake, but I can barely finish one! It's so good though. Topped with fried sweet potato garnish, the crabcake is thick, buttery, and full of lump crab meat. The light breading (probably panko) is very complimentary, and the crawfish... oh my, I could eat a pound of crawfish by itself (which is no longer on the menu, sniff sniff) but this crawfish is shelled and lightly sauteed in a buttery sauce with a hint of lemon. I will admit, it was a littel saltier than usual, this time, but not overly salted. I also had their wedge salad, but had to send first one back when it came with the carrots I had asked them to omit. The replacement salad came with croutons (which the first did not have), which I just picked off. It was a decent wedge salad - it's hard to screw that up. This rich dinner left no room for dessert, but if there were, I would have gone for the key lime pie. Theirs is very good. Or maybe the bread pudding... yummy! A very nice outing with my sweetie. Every meal I've had here, including happy hour, has been great, whether it is a simple dinner or special occasion. We will definitely be back.
4	Okay so we just  went to New Orleans for our mini food eating tour. We still crave those interesting seafood /spice/ over the top flavors. So Pappadeaux will do!  or is it deaux?  We hit the seafood here a couple times  a year. It may be  a chain but it feels unique to us. And we love oysters on the half shell. Strangely the place was not packed no waiting at 6:00 pm on a Friday night. We started with  oysters on the half shell , tasted fresh and not gritty.My husband had the Blackened Catfish Opelousas With oysters, shrimp & crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice.I had the  Texas Redfish on the Half Shell Creole roasted tomatoes, long stem artichoke hearts & capers in a light brown butter sauce.Both were great but the catfish was the tastier. My husband fell for the Turtle Brownie which was the downfall of the evening too sweet, too turtlely, oh well.  Great service , maybe the best we have had there.  Why four star not five.   Although it tasted great, we had better in New Orleans !
5	I have been around Phoenix for about 4 years and today was one of the saddest days of these 4 years... I realised today that I was so close but so far away from an amazingly delicious kitchen of Pappadeaux Seafood for those 4 long years... wish somebody had told me about this place earlier and I would have spent at least a double dozen nights at Pappadeaux while I was in Phoenix... what an amazing place !We started with a bowl of "Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo... yummmm... spicy and so tasty ! ... (those who don't go for spicy food should stay a yard away from it... it was really spicy... as in Indian Vindaloo spicy... ) ... I felt like I could have easily had a couple more of that gumbo... :)Shrimp Creole With white rice and Crawfish Etouffee With dirty rice followed that gumbo... both of these were so mouth watering... a perfectly cooked Crawfish with rice so close to Jambalaya, it was probably the best seafood I have had after my last visit to New Orleans...The place carried a very nice, relaxed ambiance with light jazz in the background... our server was very soft spoken and knew her way through the menu and preparations... I don't think this place gets crowded easily as it could sit, to my guess, 5 times more number of guests that an averagely large restaurant... Overall, definite 5 stars for variety, taste, ambiance and service... be it a family or a romantic one on one dinner, this place is just too awesome !
4	this restaurant has really good quality seafood. the menu is large. the restaurant is large, romantic and has a separate bar area. it's very pretty and classy on the inside, but not snooty, meaning you can go casual and relax. the food has always been good especially the catfish. the prices are ok.  they're generally anywhere from $11-$15 for a really nice meal. of course there's pricier choices depending what you're getting.  it's a great atmosphere especially for a romantic date. the only downside, IT'S ALWAYS PACKED WHETHER YOU GO THERE FOR LUNCH OR DINNER. IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT DAY OF THE WEEK. IT'S ALWAYS SUPER BUSY. if it's an especially busy nite like a friday or saturday, they will give you a pager. sometimes the wait is over 1 hour. alot of those people go to fridays directly next door for cheaper drinks then go back to pappadeaux when it's gets closer to getting a table.
3	My hubby and his friends are huge fans and they took me there 2 days ago for dinner.Disappointed, I would say.  To me, it is just another Cheesecake Factory restaurant NOT in terms of food portion but the style: noisy, dark, crowded.For those of you who have never been to Pappadeaux, I still think you should go experience.  Try especially the dirty rice.  Would I go back?  Probably not.   I just hate talking to people by yelling and being not able to see the food clearly.
4	Oysters.  They have them.  I like them.CheersUntil then, get the beers in...
5	Setting:  Dimly lit, nice for dates.  Very clean.  There is another room for bigger parties.  Nice bar for just to hang out and watch a game.Food:  Yum!!!  Had the steamed Maine lobster.  For less than $20 it was very very good!  Meaty too.  They give you the whole lobster, complete with thick juicy claws.  Oh, and the Greek salad was very very good as well.  Highly recommended for big groups.  Finally, the fondeaux is also very tasty.  Although it's a bit think on the cheese.  But hey, if you like cheese, this is the appetizer for ya.Service:  Awesome folks, we had a cool waitress.  So sorry we made you take pictures of us and you almost fell off the table!  :(  But she was a great sport.  Very helpful, very nice.
4	The unyielding devotion to this chain (which is a half step above Bubba Gump's) is quite amazing, but they truly live up to their good rep.  I had a great time here.I have family in Texas that rave about this chain, so when I when I drove by this one in Phoenix, I knew I had to check it out.  And as fate would have it, a friend decided to bring me here for happy hour.  We were on a mission to try the Category 5.  This is a blended drink which combines a house Margarita with a Hurricane.  This won't knock you out like a Hurricane, but it definately packs a punch.  What kind of punch you ask?  The one that let's you think that ordering FRIED Calamari (with artichokes), FRIED catfish (I think) and FRIED Alligator is a good idea.  Yeah, I said it.  "FRIED GATOR".Yes, it tasted like chicken, and it was delicious.  I think after a Category 5, they could have fried up the sole of a shoe and I would have liked it.  This place has great ambiance, and a good fun, festive vibe.
5	So good.  But, be warned - it's expensive!  Four entrees, two appetizers and a couple of beers totaled nearly $180.00.  Our server, while a bit confused, was charming and likeable.  The food was delicious.  We tried the fried alligator (a first for me) and I'm hooked.  I also got a tilapia fillet that was cooked perfectly with a delicious sauce and side dishes.  I'll go back, just maybe not while we're still in a recession.
4	I'm allergic to seafood/fish. So I could very well be disqualified for reviewing this restaurant. However! And its a big however! They have the yummiest banana pudding this side of the Mason-Dixon line! Where is that by the way??!! LOL! Seriously, it comes served in a Mason jar and if you don't finish it all ( I never do), they give you the lid to close it up and take it home! I guess I could share it....but noooo!!Natalie's F*#! the Recession Item:BROILED CRAWFISH w/ Potatoes & Corn only $3.95 per 1.25lbWednesday & Thursday Only. March 4 thru April 30After 5pm Dine In Only
4	Love Pappas for happy hour.  Love to go when the Texas Gulf oysters on the half shell are CHEAP!  The go for $3.95/doz.  LOVE THAT!  Love the Caesar salad.  Oh, we never eat in the restaurant anymore.  I've done that 3 or 4 times (been there 30+ times) and I've always had horrid service.  It's like they have tons of hostesses and servers standing around.  Very friendly with each other.  But no one can come to the table and refill drinks, get more bread...whatever we need - nope.So the bar is where we eat.  At the bar or in the booths.  Almost always get good service there.  The bread is so yum when it comes out really fresh.  It's good when it's an hour old too:)  The butter is cold and so great and has always been fresh for us too.Love the fondue.  So rich and fattening.  Fun to find oysters hidden in there.  Beers are cold.  Not a good selection of wine.  Don't go for girlie drinks but I see a lot of other folks enjoying them.Catfish is fantastic!  Dirty rice - YES!  Pasta Marti Gras is mighty fine.  There are other good things.  Try them.Sweet potato pie is ridiculously good!Price is alright.  Like sitting outside with groups for live music.  You may not have entrees out there though.  Only drinks and apps.  Fun though.We go mostly for the Texas Gulf oysters on the half shell, when in season.  Oh my goodness!
4	the Greek house salad....... is friggin delish!  lots of different offerings from the sea........ lakes and rivers too!haven't had the gumbo or etouffes...... but i hear they're pretty decent.the most recent visit consisted of:Greek saladGrilled Costa Rican Tilapia LafayetteBlackened Catfish OpelousasOven Baked Stuffed Tilapiaeveryone was happy with their food...... but i am guaranteeing i will b gettin the blackened catfish opelousas next time!
4	Went last Friday at 4:30.  They were so busy.  We couldn't find a seat in the bar at all.  The entire bar and bar booths were all filled up.  We sat outside.  It was great weather. Service was not good.  Two female servers took a long time to get orders taken and seemed to relish in being able to say what we already knew (and were okay with)... you can only order appetizers and drinks out here.  Yea, we knew that.  So we ordered 2 ceasers, 2 doz. oysters, mini fondue, fried pickles.  We loved it all.  The table was small, and the server didn't like to pick up any empty plates.  Even when she could, she'd just hold up what was coming and watch us move empty plates around and then smash the new ones on, walking away satisfied.  The raw Texas Gulf oysters tasted wonderful, but this new presentation thing they are doing is not.  The individual oysters came wedged in a mountain of crushed ice.  This method made bits of shell get into the little cup of oyster meat.  Almost every oyster had shell and when they used to come all flat, they never had shell.  I hope they stop piling them like this.  The horseradish sauce was nice as always, as well as the cocktail sauce, but this watery/oily juisce that they've begun serving with it also stinks.  It's like Italian dressing.  Why?  I don't get it.  Still going back again.  Like the price and those oysters (even with the shell).
1	Pappadeaux used to have this oreo cookie mousse dessert thingIt was the best dessert ever in this world.  Ever.Then they stopped carrying it.  So now I won't go back.  I protest Pappadeaux!
3	Lived in Houston for a few months, and we developed a love for the Pappas family of restaurants. Pappasitos is the best of the bunch, I wish they'd send a chain out to AZ!We've been to this location twice, and probably won't go back because it is such a schlep! As usual, we sat in a booth near the bar. Both times we ordered the Lobster seafood salad with the dressing on the side. It was fairly large salad, but the lobster was minimal. The shrimp were nicely sized, and cut into decent pieces. However, the scallops were practically diced causing an unfortunate change in texture. I guess we were expecting too much because of our love for their sister restaurant!
5	Well we made the mistake of going here on a Friday night at about 7pm.  This place was packed.  Strange considering the average price of a dinner is around 20 bucks.  But we decided to try anyways.  I have been here before but that was maybe six years ago. Upon arrival we went to the hostess table and she told us there would be a two hour wait.  She said that if you wait for a table in the bar you can get one of those tables first come first serve.  So we took a number and hung out in the bar.  About 20 minutes of waiting in the bar we got two seats at the bar.  Lucky.  The bar staff is very friendly and very fast considering this place was absolutely packed!    We ordered two of the specialty drinks called the swamp thing!   they were damn tasty.  I don't know how much alcohol is in one but that's all I needed for the rest of the night!  We also ordered some fried alligator as an appetizer.  The alligator taste like a  cross of fish with a chicken texture.  It is very tasty! The presentation was also nice not messy or greasy.  We then ordered our dinner.  She got the Shrimp Etoufee and I got the Pontchartrain Fish.  The shrimp etoufee came in a smoky sauce with dirty rice.  The Pontchartrain was the fish of the day which was tilapia and had shrimp and crab meat in a butter sauce with dirty rice.  The food is outstanding!  Portion size is fantastic and food served hot and fresh.  The fish has no fishy taste or smell to it.  Its as if it came off the boat and served in your plate.  Overall I say two thumbs way up!  For an expensive dinner this place is worth it.  Date night yes, want to surprise the family with some creole food YES!   Only thing I would say is that come early and hungry! Also if it is date night the bar is the way to go.  You don't even have to get alcohol you can get a soda and order food.
4	I've been to this restaurant more than a few times and am rarely disappointed. On most occasions I sit at the bar with one or two friends. They have a great atmosphere, decent happy hour, and well trained bartenders. I have never had a "slow service' problem eating here, but then again I rarely sit at the tables. It gets busy pretty much EVERYDAY not just on weekends so if you are going with a big group or even just a few people and are gonna want a table, I would recommend calling ahead. I would have to say their best deal is when their oysters are on sale for something like 4 buck a dozen. They aren't the most premium oysters (out of season) but still pretty good, especially when they are at a bargain price. Try their blue cheese chopped salad its great, they have some kind of special blue cheese dressing that is something to brag about.
3	Let me start by saying the crawfish ettouffee was the best I've had in a long time! The food itself should probably get 4 stars, however, our service was just plain bad, so I'm just going with 3 stars.The outside patio area was really nice and they had live music and a bar outside.
5	I will leave California just to eat here! I ate at the Phoenix location first and then I went to Atlanta and it was just as good!!I even had fried frog legs and they were excellent! So far everything I tried was very good and they also give you plenty to eat.They didn't have any LOUISIANA BACK BAY BAYOU BUNNY BORDELAIS A' LA ANTOINE though. :-)
4	Just had dinner here tonight and absolutely loved it.  I had raw oysters, boiled shrimp, salad, and prime rib with asparagus.  Everything was superb and perfectly timed. A young man named Steven waited on our table and took excellent care of us.  The one complaint I have is that there was no hot water in the men's rest room.  I hope that the restaurant is not trying to cut costs, especially considering the many menu items that require eating by hand.
5	I'm having a real hard time writing a review for this restaurant. I want to write a great review, but I don't wanna use the words "superb" or "excellent" when describing the food, and I don't wanna say the service was "friendly" since all of these are overdone. So let me give this a shot: Upon walking inside I'm greeted with "The Saints Go Marching In" playing in the background and the aroma of some great food being served. The four of us go to the auxiliary bar (4 stools inside, main purpose is to drink up the patio guests) and have a seat and order drinks from our lovely waitress. Her timing was right on the button with EVERYTHING as drinks were always full and there was no lull between courses. As for the food, WOW. For the appetizer I went with an order of the Lotsa Shrimp. One dozen cold boiled shrimp (whatever cold boiled means) served with cocktail sauce mixed with fresh horseradish. Boy let me tell you that puts every shrimp cocktail I've had between San Francisco and New York to shame. Just the right amount of kick to it, but not the same old lame old. For the entree I had the Pasta New Orleans. Overall just an explosion in Cajun flavoring going on in my bowl. A wonderful blend of linguine, crawfish, sausage, mushrooms, and jumbo shrimp mixed in with a creamy yet spicy marinara sauce. And unlike every other place that skimps on the fish, you will not be disappointed here. Portions here are big, so bring an appetite. I hate writing lengthy reviews, (yes this is lengthy to me) but this place deserves it. One of the best meals I've had in a long time as far as value for the meal, overall presentation of the meal and restaurant, and just an overall well trained and attentive staff. I normally don't drive west of the 51 freeway, but I'm looking for reasons to do so now.
4	From the moment I stepped up to the Pappadeaux !
5	Let me take you on a journey through time, about 6 years ago I was introduced to this Cajun temptress! My brother called and said "I found a place with all you can eat lobster"! I said "WTF? Are you serious"? All you can eat LOBSTER! We immediately made plans to go. It was the beginning of summer just about dusk on a Friday. We arrived and entered the brick courtyard I call it. The had a live band playing really good happy jazz, they had fans and misters going. There's a fountain it's funky and fun so we didn't mind the wait to get in. We had some drinks and decided to try some appetizers. It was a large group of us mind you. We tried the alligator, mussels, oysters on the half & some seafood fondeaux. My fav is the gator. Yummy my niece who was 2 at the time ended up eating a full order of the alligator herself. I think our table ate about 40 lobsters! We asked our server "what is the most anyone person has eaten at one time"? We thought 9 or 10 we were wrong 18 was the magic number. Holy melted butter batman that's a lot of crustacean for one person! I have never had a bad meal at Pappa's. I don't really care for the fried selections at Pappa's. Main courses that is catfish, shrimp and other fish for example. The coating or breading or whatever you want to call it isn't very good to me. Some of my fav's are as follows: Fried Alligator (the breading is different) Andouille sausage and seafood gumbo The dirty rice! Crawfish Etouffee Shrimp Creole The seafood grill Pasta Mardi Gras! Mahi Maribella Steaks - yes I did say steaks normally I would not recommend ordering a steak at a seafood restaurant, do it here they are wonderful. Banana pudding (served in a mason jar) Love it! Sweet potato pecan pie YA-HUM! The last time I was here I had the Mahi with broccoli and just let me say that was the best broccoli I had ever had! Ever! It was huge bright vibrant green and perfectly steamed and buttered! It was outstanding! The have a great happy hour from 4 to 6:30 Mon - Fri. You will pay a little more here but it is so worth it! I put the $ mark at 11 to 30 per person, depending on what you get. it is probably closer to 45 a person when you add in drinks and an appetizer. My recommendation go with a group of friends everyone order different items and share. You won't be disappointed.
5	After writing the review the other day I had a taste for Pappa's. So I went last night and YA-HUMMEE! I tried something new the Hudson platter and this baby did not disappoint! Perfectly grilled scallops, 2 succulent and sweet lobster tails, 4 huge shrimp brochette. If you are not familiar with shrimp brochette it is shrimp stuffed with Monterey jack cheese and a sliver of Jalapeno, wrapped in bacon and char -grilled. DELICIOUSNESS! It is served with the fabulous dirty rice and sauteed green beans all for are you ready for this wait for it 22.95! I also indulged in sharing a little pecan sweet potato pie with Hagen daas vanilla ice cream and bourbon sauce. WOOHOO! FYI all deserts purchased until July 26th will have a portion of the proceeds go to a local food bank! Dinner last night was sooo freakin good I may be back tonight! Bon Appetite
5	I have not been to New Orleans for a while but last weekend I felt as if I were there again, WOW!! This place is great, the ambiance, the food ,the people, a cornucopia of what was to come. We started with oysters on the half shell, fresh,briny, and sooo cold I got brain freeze. I've had frog legs from Alabama to Zanesville and these were far by the best ever fall off bone croaking delicious flippers I ever had. My 1 1/2 lb. fresh Maine lobster was so sweet I did not even think twice about using the clarified butter. The claws were as big as a baseball mitt. Oh, by the way I did have the wedge lettuce with blue cheese and bacon dressing and again it was the best. The rest of our party had food fit for a king and remarked on every aspect of our dining pleasure.When ever I get a hankering for the Big Easy again this fine establishment will beckon my name, and it will be soon.
4	Chains are usually very predictable, usually on the negative side. However I find Pappadeaux probably from a quality and consistancy standpoint, the very best. I was reminded again today at lunch having a seafood gumbo and half a shrimp po boy which could be a whole sandwich anywhere else. Dinner is also great but can get rather pricey especially for a chain. However despite of that, it's worth going back. Just save your pennies for your next taste treat.
4	Never been here before...never even heard of them actually, until this recent biz trip down to Phoenix.  For being a "chain" restaurant, boy were they good!  Everything tasted extremely fresh and the quality of the seafood was wonderful.   I was accompanied by two of my co-workers with all very different palates.  We each ordered something extremely different from the other and all you heard was the sound of us chowing down.  One colleague got a salad which she devoured...said it was fresh, not too little/much dressing, etc.  My other colleague ordered the crab legs and she loved every last bite...tore it all up.  I ordered a tuna dinner item...don't remember the name...but it was a special item they had that evening and it was divine.  The mashed potatoes were so fluffy...loved it all.  I also ordered the banana pudding for dessert and was a complete pig...and ooooMG was it worth it.  It was layered so well and served in a keepsake mason jar...very cute.  Anyhow, it beat my mom's banana pudding which is one of the many foods I would eat before death...!  SO, I couldn't believe how delicious everything was.  Additionally, the service was SUPER prompt and the young woman who was our server was extremely courteous and efficient.  Would definitely return again!
5	Seafood is so fresh here! And cooked to perfection.Surprisingly this place is affordable too. Makes red lobster look like a mc donalds in terms of quality.
4	It is no New Orleans but the food was surprisingly decent for a chain restuarant.  The seafood was fresh and cooked well.  I had the halibut with the Diablo sauce.  They are great with mixing and matching sauces and fishes.  We also ordered a dozen raw oysters and oyster pappadeux.  There are hints of southern style cuisine such as dirty rice, crawfish sauce, and any seafood you like fried.  As for actual taste, I didn't get much southerness from the flavors.The second time, we got the seabass and two of us got the all you can east lobster. The seabass was cooked well and the sauce was tasty. The lobsters came with dirty rice as the side and it was pretty good. The lobsters are a good decent size and good quality lobsters. I finished 5 of them and the other finished 9 of them. I think eating 3 would be good. i cant say it is necessarily a good deal because it is just eating too much lobster unnecessarily. The time in between each round of new lobster fluctuated a lot and the service was just decent.
4	I acually always go here with my mother who absolutly loves this place!  I think the service is great and the food is really delicious!  I am a fan of spicey food, and they totally meet the standard here.  I like everything about this place, I only give it a 4 star rating because the menu is too freaking huge!  I never know what to get since there are so many creole and cajun dishes and they use lingo more native to like Loiusiana, so I don't know what it means.  But all in all a great experience every time.  My mother even chose this place to go to after her wedding.  So cute mom!
4	We were in Glendale for a friend son's football game and it was lunchtime, so my husband asked me to check out Yelp for restaurants near us. I really love the iPhone app, I sorted my bookmarks and Pappadeux was the closest.My husband ordered a chicken pasta dish (not in the mood for seafood), our friend a Cajun combo plate and for me the fried crawfish/etoufee.Everyone enjoyed their food, our friends really liked the dirty rice. My dish was absolutely delicious, the etoufee sauce was smoky/spicy and very flavorful and I as well loved the dirty rice The fried crawfish was ok, nothing special. The loaf of bread before dinner was warm and crispy, very good. The kids menu didn't had much for my 17 mo/old son,most  everything was fried  (he doesn't  like fried food much...I know, he didn't got that from me;) but he filled up on bread and the crackers they had at the table. The waiter was very nice and prompt, although it took a while for our food to come out.We have friends from New Orleans who are great cooks and they enjoyed the food here as well.I'll definitely will come back for the dirty rice and crawfish etoufee.
5	Staff was wonderful!  Waiter went the extra mile to get us waters to-go as he found out we were tourists heading out to Sedona for a hike.  During happy hour, bartender was extremely courteous.  When we wanted to move to a booth, she not only helped us bus the table herself personally, but she also continued to bring extra ice teas.  I really miss the service at Pappadeaux.  If only all restaurants give the same experience.  As for the food, order the Happy Hour Fondeaux, cheesy wine butter crawfish and shrimp delight.  Half dozen Oysters for $4.99!
5	I love this restaurant. Whenever I'm in Phoenix for work, I make sure I stop by. The service is wonderful and the food is pretty damn good. I love the soft shell crabs with a load mashed potato. I've also tried the Alaskan King Crab, Lobster, and Salmon and Pappadeaux never dissapoints. They sometimes have specials for a half dozen oysters for only $5. I'm from Los Angeles and I wished they tore down all the Red Lobsters and Joe's Crab Shacks and opened a couple of these restaurants closer to home.
4	We came came for a schmoozing from a corporate client. It worked. We had the Mediterranean Calamari for apps. They were really good, I like the deep fried artichoke. I had lobster bisque, it was really creamy and had great flavor. The lunch was a halibut fillet sandwich and dirty rice. The rice was perfectly seasoned and fluffy. The halibut was cooked perfectly and was a very nice size. It was flaky and not dry at all. The building was really neat, I think a nice outside happy hour would be great in mid to late October. The service was perfect, not over pretentious or up on you the whole time.
4	Love the Pappadeuax delux platter.  Enough food to feed two easily with extra to take home...great value!  Love the environment, and the desserts are awesome!
5	Can't go wrong. Great atmosphere, wonderful food and great service. Really fun outdoor area and a large comfortable indoor space. Food is not overly spicy (which unfortunately seems par for most "Cajun" restaurants). Very tasty and while not exactly cheap, it's more reasonable than you might expect given the quality and amount of food you get.  Nice bar area too.
3	Pappadeaux is good but it had the feel of a worn-down Red Lobster.  This is not to say the food was not good, but that was the impression that I felt.I have had the jambalaya and the etoufee here and both were adequate, though I had to douse on the Tabasco to truly make the flavor something I desired.  I would recommend this place to somebody interested in a casual happy hour or a family who wants to eat their fill as the quantity was quite large.
5	I really love this place!! Nothinglike a fun Sunday meal with my family to make me love it even more. We stuffed ourselves with delish catfish, fried shrimp , and tasty hazelnut Mahi. Service from Rocky was really fast , effiecient without that fake cloying attitude. Felt like we werethe center of the restaurant. Funny how things like fast drink refills, quick service and welltime plate removal can do that.  And here is the kicker of the evening ..I know have ordered or tasted every dessert on thier dessert tray, scary but true. Did you know that three of their desserts are made fresh there the rest including cheesecakes are made in Texas and brought in. I got the fresh Brulee  . yummy.   Can't wait to go back.
4	There was a 7lb lobster in the tank! OMG! We only get to Pappas once a year so we definitely ate a lot of food. During happy hour i had a delicious cocktail, the cajun fonduex, and the gator. I was full before i even ordered the entree but, i still got one anyway. We ordered the Hudson Platter, The Shrimp Brochette and the fried catfish. Everyone loved the shrimp but i thought it was too cheesy, and i love cheese. The fried fish and hudson platter were the bomb, especially cold the next day. I can't wait to return next year!
5	My team of 54 people left well fed and commening on how effecient and friendly the wait staff were. With our large group they worked with us on price and selection. Way too much food in the end. The shrimp brochette over tender and spicy dirty rice- excellent. I hated the fact that I ate soo much of my key lime pie but even though I was bursting at the seams I couldn't help myself. Good food. Good service. Very pleasant atmosphere.
5	Father-in law was in town and felt like some seafood. I thought nowhere better to take this out of town-er than Pappadeaux's.. My husband and I have eaten a few times here for lunch and everytime it's been out of control good. We arrived friday night, no waiting needed. We sat in the back and ordered drinks, and a medium size gator app, yes as in alligator. My margarita was very sweet, felt like they added a cup of sugar in it, and it came in a fu/fu glass. The gator was good, but too small for three people. Wait staff was very nice and explained that the fish flys in fresh daily, and went into detail of the dishes we were going to order. I ordered the Marti Gra.. My husband and his dad got some seafood array?? not sure of the name.. but it looked good. My main dish came and woohoo... it was slammin good. It had crawfish, sausage, shrimp over a bed of creamy pasta.. it was so good, I could only eat 1/4 of the bowl. The portion sizes are pretty big. By the way there bread is baked daily and is so good, they serve a loaf of it for an app, if you eat the whole thing you can ask for another. (Very Good stuff) Anyways.. always fantastic food, if you have visitors from out of town that like seafood I would recommend this place... Lunch is cheaper, around $12-16 a plate.. Dinner from $15-35.
4	Worth coming in here at least just for the $3.95/dozen oysters! Steal of a deal!Albeit I came for a late Sunday dinner, I shall count the ways why this place is bomb diggity:- SUPER warm fresh french bread roll upon being sat- Did I mention a dozen oysters for $3.95?!- A bigass piece of delicious tilapia that was still good as a leftover lunch- Cajun shrimp creole- definitely worth trying- Excellent service: helpful, informative, efficient, and not overbearing at allWell worth a visit!
4	Holy Moly! This food is sooooo yummy! I came here while on vacay in Phoenix with a group of people. The restaurant is pretty huge and it was PACKED! Good thing we had reservations! We started off with the oysters, which I thought were tasty (though I'm no expert). Then we had the coconut shrimp, which was awesome! The breading was very tasty! Then I had the scallops which were phenomenal! So melt-in-your-mouth with a little kick to them! Finally we had to have the sweet potato pie. Holy Smokes did it ROCK! This is an absolute must try! The key lime pie was also good (not too sweet). This restaurant has quality food and quality service.
3	Been on our to-try list for months, and we finally made it.  Sorry, we won't be hurrying backFirst, order two glasses of wine at a time.  That way, you'll get one decent sized serving.  Had the catfish po-boys.  Huge, but something was lacking.  We just didn't think much of the sauce, kind of a strange flavor for Nawlins, which is where I go to compare po-boys.  We would have been happier with a smaller sandwich, if it had some flavor.  Or I would have ordered a catfish plate, but how can you eat catfish without hush puppies?Service was like the food - just ok.  And someone said the place was tired.  Yep, my take as well.  But 8 glasses of wine out of a bottle?  And not cheap wine either.
5	Disclaimer: for a weekend night the parking lot was beyond a nightmere...imagine the mall on Saturday December 23rd.  We actually saw a guy steal a spot and then just about get into a fist fight over it, THEY WERE OUT OF THEIR CARS PEOPLE!  FYI, with a little patience we found a great spot close to the enterance.  For a chain....this place is AWESOME!  First of all the garden and fountains had me 100% even if the food had sucked (which it didnt).  Live music and cocktails while sitting in lush foliage with the sound of running water and the beauty of sparkling light made the 2 hour wait worth it (it was friday night, I've been told its not that bad on other days).  You pretty much HAVE to try the Spamp Thing cocktail....its the strongest bomb pop you'll ever drink.   We also sampled a strawberry peach cooler and a 'catagory 5', also fantastic.  Our server was great.  Charles Chester  was double sat but did an awesome job of making us feel as though we were his only table.  The general atmospher is very southern bayou with dim lighting and gas lamps, pretty unique for phoenix even if it might be considered cliche.  And listen here ladies, that flickering gas light does WONDERS for the complextion!   Alligator bites, eh....but the Lousiana Talipia I had served with green beans and spagetti squash was SOOOOOO GOOOODDD!  Plus I added a garden salad (which was huge....I actually ate very little of my meal due to this) for 2.95.  Where do you see THAT price anymore??  My dinner partners enjoyed a blackened talipia with dirty rice, fried catfish with fries, and a steak with mash potatoes and brocoli.  There was not a single complaint at our table!  Dessert was great.  Pappadeaux has those cheesy 80's dessert trays where everything has a coat of acrylic to keep it looking fresh....I LOVE those corny presentation trays!  FYI Pappadeaux has maybe 15 options for dessert?  Pretty impressive.  As a first time visitor we were offered a dessert on the house (WOW) and choose a chocolate brownie turtle thingie which was served warm w some yumm-o vanilla ice cream.  The single slice was HUGE, even shared between the 4 of us we hardly finished it.  Somehow we were able to force it down :)  For the price i thought the meal was a good value with plenty of fresh options.  The only think I'm dissappointed about is that Pappadeaux is not actually locally owned, although it is family owned.  It doesnt feel chain-y but I still try to avoid them as much as possible.
3	We get to Pappadeaux's on a Monday night.  It was packed.  We put our name in and we were told it would be a half hour wait.  Not bad.  We were early and we were waiting for another friend to show up.  She finally arrived and we chatted during our wait.  Our half hour wait turned into an hour.  How did that happen????  My friend complained and we were seated just like that.  We made it to our table, relief.  Our waitress was friendly.  The bread was good.  There was a great special on gulf oysters and our waitress explained that the season was coming to an end.  $4 something for a dozen oysters.  Great deal.  They were tasty too.  We had them for an appetizer.  I was happy so far.I ordered the scallops.  They were not huge.  In fact my entree was not that big portion wise.  I had to order a salad a la carte.  No bang for your buck here.  The scallops were over $20 bucks and adding a salad to that pushed my portion of the bill over $30.  I had an ice tea too.  I enjoyed my salad and the scallops were good.  BUT!  I felt a little ripped off.One thing they have to change is the PA system.  "Bob party of 3 your table is ready" is heard loudly throughout the entire restaurant.  Yikes!!!  Change that please.Pappadeaux's is A-OK.
4	Went to Pappadeaux's last night for dinner after a spring training game.  I started with my favorite NOLA beverage the "Hurricane".  It was a blended mix version but still had lot's of alcohol which is never a bad thing.  I then had a cup of Shrimp gumbo that was very spicy and full of flavor.  Finally for the main coarse I had the "Lobster in a Pot".  It is just as it says a 1 lb. Maine Lobster with shrimp, sausage, corn, potatoes, and garlic bread in a pot.  I love being able to eat seafood like this because it's messy and you get to rip apart these sea bugs and really enjoy them.  The broth was full of flavor and was great for bread dunking after all the food was gone.  I can't wait to head back on Wednesday for the Crawfish boil.
5	Went for the Crawfish boil with some friends last night.  It was awesome I had 3 lbs of Crawfish.  They had very good spice to them and the corn and potatoes in the boil were great as well.  I had a couple strawberry lemonade's to drink which were good they had real strawberries in them not just the flavoring.  Then to top off my already full stomach I ordered the bread pudding.  It was awesome it had apples and blueberries in it and the bourbon sauce just really made it pop.  Great meal and even greater prices.  Bread Pudding: $2.95Strawberry Lemonade: $2.95Crawfish: $3.95 a lb
4	Pappadeaux was definitely a highlight of my trip to PHX. The Oysters were great, fried alligator was moist, bread was fresh, lobster bisque was flavorful (altho a tad salty), and the blacked cat fish I had was cooked perfectly. Hard to imagine better than this outside of NOLA.Enjoy!
2	Pappa deaux more like Papa-don't. The only reason to come here is the 3.95 dozen oysters. We got here super early on a sunday afternoon (4:30) and the place was still packed for lunch. Service was friendly, kitchen was a little slow, the food was a step above Red Lobster. The stuffed friend shrimp and crab was not really good at all. I guess if you live at least 4 hours a way from fresh ocean this place will have to do.
4	Thank you, Pappadeaux, for giving us landlocked Phoenicians a nice seafood place that doesn't break the bank.  The relatives from up north were coming to town and the request was for those classicly native Phoenician foods, lobster and crab legs.  There were going to be 8 of us, and I was getting ready to take out the $1,000 bank loan when Yelp pointed me to Pappadeaux.   Thank goodness they take reservations for 8 or more.  I'm all over it.Turns out it was crawdad night (crawfish for you cultured Creoles), and the place was an absolute madhouse.  We lucked out finding a parking spot and slowly made our way through the crush of people waiting outside.  I lost my entire party in the crowd and by the time I made it to the hostess desk was sure our reservation was a goner.  But the disheveled hostess, who probably suffers from PTSD after that night, said we were good.  whew.  I sent a rescue crew to retrieve my lost troops.It was incredibly noisy so we had to do some strategic table placement for the hard of hearing.The service was impeccable.  Demands for substitutions, butter sent back because it was too salty, help needed for seafood haters - our waiter fielded them all calmly and accommodated even the pickiest requests. Everyone loved their food, which really was very good.  I got my favorite banana pudding - who needs an entree, really.  The bill was reasonable and everyone was happy.  Another mission accomplished, another bullet dodged.
2	This place made me ANGRY!!It's been a while since I've been in, and I remember how delicious it was, but I guess I forgot how expensive it was for what I was getting. I remember the crawfish etouffe was delicious, so I can recommend that, but for $20.00?? I skipped it. My friend and I ordered the frog legs, 1 dozen gulf oysters (the only thing worth coming in for @ $3.95) and we split the Bay Platter.My main gripe here is that EVERYTHING TOOK FOREVER and we even arrived early before the crowds!! The people behind us were seated long after us, were served and finished and left before we even got our entree (they had a female waiter who seemed totally on it), and meanwhile our waiter's presence was bordering Bigfoot mythical. The beers took 10 minutes even with the bar in sight, the frog legs took a while and there weren't many on the plate (delicious though), and the oysters came THIRTY MINUTES LATER. "I don't know WHY the oysters are taking so long...." OH COME ON!! There's ZERO PREP involved with these, don't play me for a damn fool!! I sure wish I could remember the waiter's name so his inattentive chicanery can be fully exposed. I was too angry to remember 2 minutes after walking out the door.It was AN HOUR before our entree arrived, and like a previous reviewer said, it was one step above Red Lobster, but how can you screw up lobster and jumbo shrimp? Dirty rice and green beans also on the platter. I scarfed down my half, I was starving after waiting to grow old for so long sitting there.I am generously giving 2 stars because the food tasted good and was well-prepared. No one is getting their value for the money, you're paying for the waitstaff and the overhead. Fancy white linens, high prices and high dollar inattentive waitstaff to serve me Cajun food, that's not what it's about, is it? NO WAY!LOOK OUT PAPPADEAUX, there's a new player in town and they are CAJUN SEAFOOD CORNER in Mesa. Casual, not fancy, better value and delicious. Their crawfish etouffe is only $9.99!! No longer will I have to feel like I've been extorted by Don Fanucci.
5	Went here for the first time today and i'm in love!!! I think that Crawfish nights are Asians' night. When happy hours hit, I felt like I'm back in the old country. If you have ghetto nails with all kind of crystal-ness, be careful not to choke on the crystals when you go to lick the deliciousness off your fingers.
5	I love Pappadeaux. I've been going to Pappadeaux for over ten years starting in Houston. When they opened up the one in Phoenix, I was sooo ecstatic! Seafood in Arizona! And I don't have to drive 40 min to Scottsdale to enjoy it!Before I gush, I will say that I have received some crappy service. When it's bad, you have to make sure you get your waiter to bring you everything you need at once, otherwise it may take a while to track him or her down. Usually these are the times when the place is really busy so I guess I can't get too mad. For the most part though, the waiters know the menu, can offer some good suggestions and come back often for refills. OK, now for some love. Seriously, Love love LOVE when it's $3.95/per dozen oyster time. You do have to make sure it's the right time of the season otherwise you can get some measly oysters. But 99% of the time the oysters are incredibly tasty and fresh. For the person complaining about slow oyster service, they shuck their oysters when you order them. So when they've got 8 orders, there is going to be a wait. I don't know what oysters you're used to eating, but I know shucking oysters is not easy. (Plus you're doing all that work and you don't get to eat them! That would be torture for me!)I've had a lot of the main fish entrees and they've all been very yummy. It is really pricey, but one entree at Pappadeaux's can last me 2, maybe even 3 meals. It's the damn butter! It fills me up! Butter, you ask? YES! Pappadeaux has the most taste bud pleasing, whipped, salted butter that I have ever eaten. It helps polish down that loaf of freshly toasted french bread that impedes entree eating time.Fave dessert is the creme brulee for sure. Best way to end the meal. How I have ever had room for dessert, though, is beyond me. Dang butter.Other dishes I recommend: Calamari, alligator, Greek salad, crawfish etoufee (!!!), soft shelled crab (broiled and fried, ask to go easy on the salt), crawfish gumbo (they only have seafood gumbo listed, but you can ask to have crawfish only)
3	Last night me and two friends stopped at Pappadeaux and man this place was packed.  I mean PACKED like they were giving away food. Come to find out that they were having their special crawfish boil every Wednesday and Thursday til sometime next month and its only $3.95lb. Now we can understand why this place was bursting at the seams.So anyway, we get there, it's packed, however we were able to be seated in about 20 mins. Now considering the average wait was about 45mins to an hour, we were some happy campers. (Thank you Haley !!) We get seated and the poor family next us were having a little bit of a rough time considering they had been waiting for 1.5 hours to be seated and had three kids with them. Haley asked if we wouldn't mind moving to another table so that they could accommodate this family. Of course we said, considering how fast we got seated, no problemo.We are now comfy cozy at our second table and we wait, and wait, and wait for exactly 7 mins before we are acknowledged. (Yes I timed it) This bugs me a little bit because at our first table it took about 30 seconds before we are acknowledged, heck we were barely in our seats and yes I know that the place is busy, I get that but even if someone would have acknowledged us and said I will be right with you, I wouldn't have had a problem. Now Eric, our server, turned out to be a really nice guy.  I asked him how many tables he had, he said he only had three but two had very large parties then us. Aha I said. Interesting. Now we know why it took so long to get water and bread. Haley, the fabulous hostess, came over to thank us for moving and to let us know that she was treating us to an appetizer. Score!!! So we ordered the appetizer trio which had mini shrimp, crawfish fondue, fried alligator and calamari. YUM!  We also ordered some mudbugs (crawfish for those that don't know that term) and they were off the hook. Salty yes but well worth the mess and swollen fingers and toes I had later from all that salt. We ordered our main courses as soon as the appetizer arrived so that we wouldn't have to wait so long (or so we thought) JD ordered the blackened catfish poboy, Dennis ordered the mardi gras pasta, and I ordered a dozen oysters. Now mind you, Eric warned me that it was going to take at least 15 to 20 mins for the oysters to arrive but everyone else should get theirs before me. No problem I said I can wait.  So 20+ mins later, I get my oysters but get this, they guys are still waiting for their food. Not good!! Not good at all. The General Manager, Asogi had already been to our table earlier that night to personally speak to JD as he had been there a few times before and the service had been pretty bad.  Asogi listened to us voice our concerns and let us know that he would be talking to his staff about the quality of service that not only we were receiving but all the guest  were receiving. Cool!!! So back to the food. It's been 20+ mins, I have received my oysters, which by the way was going to take the longest, waited about 5 mins to get an oyster fork, prepped them to eat them, had eaten 6 before they had received their food. Tsk, tsk, tsk. So we asked to speak to Asogi again and we let him know that the guys had just received their food even after Eric told me that my oysters would take the longest.  Asogi was like "you are just receiving your food since I came over to talk to you earlier"? We said yep and mind you, the restaurant had died down by then, meaning that there were quite a few empty tables. Asogi apologized on behalf of his staff and comped our entire meal! Wow. That is not what we were after. We just wanted to get our point across and let him know that although we love the food, the service kinda sucks.Yes I know this is one long review but my point is this, overworked servers leads to crappy service which leads to unhappy guests. Will I go back? Absolutely! The food is very good and very reasonable. Eric our server even apologized and yes he still got a very nice tip from us. So thank you to Haley, the hostess with mostess, Eric, the overworked server, and Asogi, the General Manager for listening to us share our thoughts and for your generosity regarding our meal.
4	When I want to get my fix for oysters on the half I come here...you can't beat the price!!  Usually between $4 and $6 a dozen depending on specials they have going on.   They also have one of my favorite happy hours with some limited drink specials but some nice food specials served at the bar. When I am looking to order a meal I have to say my favorite on the menu is the shrimp brochette (large shrimp stuffed with jalapenos and jack cheese wrapped in bacon and grilled).  I while not bad, opt out of the dirty rice that is served with this dish and have them sub with asparagus or the steamed veggies.   I have had a few other things from the menu like the mixed grill and their cedar plank salmon, and once did the all you can eat lobster special they were running once.   Honestly I have yet to be disapointed by most Pappadeaux's I visit (except the one that was out of oysters).
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Make reservations or call and get your name on the list at least one hour early....the wait is often 1-2 hours.Yes it is a chain.  WHO CARES.The quality is always top notch.  The service is great.  The fish is ultra super fresh 10,000 (if you end anything with 10,000 it means it is the best.)Most fish are flown in only in season.  Right now you can get a lb of crawfish or a dozen oysters on the half shell for $3.95 (Wednesday nights it he best because fresh shell fish come in that morning.)PS- Awesome and economic happy hour.
4	Went here for a business lunch with customers. Was seated right away, greeted within a minute and had fantastic service. This place was recommended for their seafood. We started off lunch by splitting the sampler of mini shrimp, crawfish fondue, fried alligator and calamari. The alligator was the bomb digitty. I had the fresh sushi and it was fantastic, everything has a southern creole twist on it. Lunch for 3 with appetizer was $75.00 but well worth the money. I will be back again.
4	This in truth had been my first "Cajun" eats.The atmosphere was cool.The service was good.The food was rich and filling.
4	*3.5 stars*My hunny loves this place, so we went for his birthday last Friday. I'm glad I made reservations because the restaurant was packed (like sardines *har har*) when we arrived at 6:30 pm. It was VERY LOUD inside...This is NOT a good place for a first date because my husband and I were practically yelling and we still could barely hear each other. The 4-man N'awlins band playing was complimentary to the atmosphere, but the music just added to the din. Phil was our waiter and he was friendly and personable.We started with soup...hubs enjoyed his shrimp gumbo, although he and I thought my cup of lobster bisque was better (my mouth is watering as I'm typing this!) The french bread that came out before the meal was standard and nothing special. My entree was filet mignon with mashed potatoes and asparagus. I also added king crab legs which my sweetie and I shared. The filet was cooked right, but didn't have much flavor...had to ask for A-1 (gasp!) The asparagus were downright delicious and the taters were yummy too. Crab legs were fresh and tasty. I liked the tealight our server brought to the table to melt the butter for my crab because it kept the butter melted throughout dinner. My husband got mahi mahi with etouffee on top (came with dirty rice) and he was transported to food heaven.I had a weird experience when I excused myself to go to the restroom. After admiring my hair, a woman (that I had never met) told me she was a spiritualist, said she saw lots of tension around me, and saw lots of change in my future. All I saw was the crab shell that had lodged itself in my eye when I had attempted to crack it. Along with the tears running down my cheek because of said crab shell. Bet you can imagine how annoying it was to be accosted in the bathroom...and it was......but I just can't be rude to someone who says I have pretty hair. Even if she was a wacka-doo.Next time we go to Pappadeaux's I'm going to avoid the crab and the ladies restroom.......Just kidding.I'll still get the crab.
5	What a great place to eat! My brother and I have had lunch here a couple of times and the food has been excellent both times.We tried the alligator bits. As cliche' as it may sound, it "tastes like chicken".Although people always make fun of me for it, I like catfish. I ordered the blackened catfish with dirty rice and it was excellent. Portions are very large and I couldn't finish my meal (although not for lack of trying). My brother had the tilapia on one occasion and a mixed seafood dish on another. Both were great.The seafood tastes fresh, the location is great and the service staff is friendly. Also, I love the patio in the entrance area. Highly recommended.
5	Your one-stop destination for all the Cajun food you've been craving. Met up with friends here for a Wednesday night outing, so that we could try their boiled crawfish. I have to say that this is crawfish done right... and at $3.95/lb, you can't beat the value.We started with an appetizer of Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux with garlic bread, which was free by using a coupon I got by signing up on their website and providing my e-mail address. I would've been a bit disappointed if I had paid for this particular appetizer, since it skimped on the bits of seafood and wasn't a particularly well-done fondue (not nearly cheesy enough), but it kept the group I was with something to nosh on while we waited on our entree orders. Judging from the other reviews, this place is always busy.I was very happy with the 7-oz. Blackened Mahi Yvette covered with shrimp, crawfish, mushrooms and spinach in a Monterey Jack cheese sauce. No need to order the larger 11-oz. filet, since I had already started filling up on bread, fondue, and a dinner salad. The dirty rice was delicious and scarfable.Everyone seemed more than happy with their selections as we all shared and sampled from each others' plates of oysters on the half shell, boiled crawfish, and fried alligator. I think the place delivered a great value on the meal, a fantastic selection of nearly every Cajun delight you can think of (although I have yet to spot the elusive Muffaletta on area restaurants' menus), and a great dining experience. This place IS busy... I can only imagine the crowd on the weekends, but the wait staff did their best to be attentive and tend to all of our requests.We left satisfied and stuffed, reeking of Cajun spices. Now if only they had some Oompah Loompahs available to roll me to my car...
5	The Wife and I visited this Pappadeaux  this evening...and i must say i thought the one in Illinois was great, but this one was even greater. It is the only location in the entire state of Arizona...and it is very spacious with plenty of outdoor seating with cool zone fans. They were having a special on Crawfish which my wife had and i had to show her how to eat them...but she really enjoyed them. I had my usual blackened Halibut with the yvette sauce, and dirty rice and it was simply delicious as usual with other locations i have been to.The happy hour there is top notch as well, we will probably try that next time...but this place while always packed is so very relaxing and the service is spectacular. If it is not on the menu and you want something in particular they probably will have it there, and they will be more than happy to prepare it for you. It is a little expensive to eat here because it is quality seafood...made to order...but it is well worth it. So the next time you want some great cajun and seafood delights make a trip to this establishment off the I-17 South here in phoenix and you will leave happy. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my friends!!!!
5	Being from Louisiana / Mississippi I have a special spot in my heart (and stomach) for Cajun food. If you want truly authentic Cajun food then look no further than this restaurant off the I-17. Everything is great. No matter if you want broiled fish or fried seafood the taste is awesome and the price is good. The raw oysters are great. The crawfish platter is fanstastic. The crawfish bisque is to die for. The boudin is authentic and good served on a bed of white rice. The only other place in town for Cajun food is Baby Kay's. I'm posting a review of them as well.
5	Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux... what more do I need to say.  This was the first thing I tried at Pappadeaux's and I have ordered it every time since.  From the fried seafood menu, the Pappadeaux Platter is great and there is enough food for 2 if you get an appetizer to start, unless you are real hungry.
4	Great food, great service. And they were happy to accommodate to gluten free or other allergy needs.Very good fruit ice tea.
5	My new favorite place to eat.  Fried alligator ROCKS!!!
4	This place is right by my folks house and I have been here many times. Great happy hour spot to. I have had so many things on this menu its rediculous. They have deep fried aligator app that is so good. Inside they have a lobster tank with for sure the biggest lobsters I have ever seen. Today I went for lunch and got the Crispy Halibut sanwich and fries. They gave me shoestring fries, if you get fries make sure you get the regular fries cause shoe string fries look cute but they are just annoying. The sandwich was so good, and it was a big piece of halibut for $12.95. My girlfriend got the wood fired talapia with greenbeans, shrimp, and veggy. It was so good and the lunch price $13.95. She usually gets the crab legs and like i said, so many good things i get something different everytime. Nice big bar with a few boths and the dinning area is huge. This place can get busy at night and especialy on the weekends but its worth the wait if you have to.
5	I LOVE to frequent this place for lunch or dinner 10 or so times a year. The food is fantastic and the atmosphere wonderful with live Cajun music on the patio outside when the weather is tolerable. The raw oysters are awesome. I've tried most of the menu items and I really don't believe they have a lousy item to serve. They can be extremely busy at times (I try to avoid dining then) but the service has always been lovely with no complaints. The food can be pricey especially the seafood items. The shrimp po-boy sandwich is very reasonably priced and is delicious on the freshly baked bread which is somewhat crispy on the outside and velvety soft inside. My favorite entrees are the shrimp creole and pasta mardi gras but like I've said, you can't go wrong. The frog legs were perfectly cooked. Perhaps the best reason of all to go is the special Cajun & creole spices they use to prepare the dishes, WOW! I've also eaten at their location in CO Spgs & ABQ and they too were good. Give them a try, Just try to time your meal so you aren't fighting the crowds.
5	This is the 2nd time I have been here. After a shopping excursion with my Wife, we stopped in around 8pm. It wasnt too busy, and found a booth in the bar right off the bat.We decided to be a little adventurous and try out the Fired Alligator and Fried Frog legs. Both were extremely good. Since I am afraid to death of alligators it was a little self satisifing eating one! Now instead of looking at them as scary things, I see them in bite sized fried nuggets! The Frog legs were equally as good. As the saying goes, tastes like chicken.Dinner I had the Australian lobster tail. It was cooked perfectly! My wife had the tilapia laffayette thing, and it too was cooked perfectly. Nothing was overcooked or undercooked. They definately know what they are doing here cooking fish.Waiter was prompt, courteous, and was johnny on the spot for water/tea refills. We didnt feel rushed at all, but we were definately in and out very quickly.Would definatley visit again!
5	This is the 4th time I have been there and it was the best experience this time.  The service was outstanding.  The waiter kept checking on us and refills came without asking (even after the bill was paid).  I ordered the naked fish selection: blacken costa rica mahi with dirty rice.  WOW, it was very tasty and delicious!  I ordered my fish well, the normally serve it medium.  I was so full, I did not make it to dessert.  The other ladies were impressed too.  One had the cedar planked salmon and the other had a greek salad.  No complaints from us...
3	Food is hit or miss 50/50.Once I got an awesome andoulie sausage with seasoned rice.Another time, I got very bland pasta with way too much grease and very little seasoning.I guess it all depends on what you order.Wait times are moderate to long depending on what time you get there.I like the misters in the waiting area in the summer.Pretty cool decor, especially the outdoor fountain area.Kind of nice when the lights turn on.
4	I have been to Pappadeaux a couple times, but yesterday for lunch was the most recent.My dad & bro like to eat lunch early to beat the "lunch crowd" so when we got there around 11:15 it was pretty dead, probably only about 10 other parties there. Sounds like a lot but this place is huge inside.I don't remember her name but our server was a sweet girl & always made sure our glasses were full. And when I couldn't finish my meal she offered to box it up & even threw in an entire loaf of bread, nice!My dad & bro are one in the same & ordered the blackened catfish with broccoli instead of rice & I ordered the mardi gras pasta. I sampled the catfish & it was delicious, literally melts in your mouth. My pasta dish was very good but also very rich/filling. I ate about a third of it & took the rest home for hubby. He loved it! If it wasn't lunch time & I wasn't so full already, I would have ordered dessert. Their bread pudding & creme brulee are amazing!!If you have never been to Pappadeaux you must try it, you won't regret it.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The food was amazing,who cares if it's  chain restaurant.      We had tried to go the night before but they were packd so we made a reservation for the next night.It was really busy when we go there but we were seated immediately.Our server was really nice and very helpful when we told him we had never been there before.           We ordered the fried alligator app,and loved every bite of it.I had the filet mignon and rock lobster tail.The steak was cooked perfectly and was a good size for the price.I'm not usually a huge fan of lobster but wanted to give it a try,Pappadeux has changed my opinion about lobster,the meat  came right out of the tail.It was buttery andjust plain yummy! It was the first chance hubby and I really had a chance to go out to eat without the kids,so we really wanted to make the most of our time.And we wre definetly able to do that here.Refills kept coming even after we had paid the bill.I also loved the live music from the jazz quartet making its way around the room.The only thing thats keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that the tables were too close to each other,and it was so loud I could hear the discussion at the table next to me but I had a hard time hearing my huband across the table.I will definetly be going back to Pappadeux over and over again.
4	Yes, it's a chain... but there are some good chains. This is one of those places that has such a gargantuan menu with so much goodness that you want to go back just to try everything that you missed on the first run.  The appetizer offerings had so much I wanted to try, particularly the fried alligator; however, this time we tried the mussels, which were delicious.  I'm pretty picky about mussels, I don't like when they are small and have that graininess when you bite into them.  The mussels at Pappadeaux were fantastic -- large in size, very mild, without any graininess whatsoever.   I ordered the Big Bay Platter for the main course, which comes with Montage Shrimp (jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab), 3 small Caribbean lobster tails, and grilled shrimp.  The price was reasonable for the amount of seafood, about $25.95 and I was really happy with the dish.  The shrimp montage were delicious, stuffed with generous portion of crab meat; the lobster was pretty good, and the grilled shrimp were basted with a spicy sauce that was very tasty.  This was all served on a bed of dirty rice and green beans.  There is so much more I want to come back and try, like the alligator, and some of the other entrees.  A few tips:- Get there early or call ahead to get your name on the list, this place gets packed.-  be prepared that it's very loud in here, especially when they have the "New Orleans trio" band playing.  - Watch out for the parking lot, it's like a parking lot at the mall on black Friday. You've been warned.I will definitely return to Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen.
5	I have found a new favorite restaurant.  If there is one place on my reviews where I could go for a special occasion - this would be it.To start - the ambience...  You feel immersed in New Orleans, from the moderately lit dining hall, gaslit lamps, waiters in black pants and white aprons and wonderful music.The food was absolutely fantistic.  I had the Crawfish Trio, which was a mix of Crawfish Etoufee, Fried Crawfish and Sauteed Crawfish.  The etoufee had a rich, dark, buttery roux and was smothered over dirty rice.  The sauteed crawdad was a pleasant surprise.  I expected a crawdad sauteed in butter, but instead it was sauteed in a spicy cream sauce.  They also served the dinner with a loaf of fresh bread baked in-house.  If you've been to Disneyland's "Blue Bayou", this place reminds you a little of that restaurant.The shelfish/seafood selection is EXTENSIVE.Like it and Loved It!  Go to this place and you will not be disappointed.  I heard they have several locations throughout the US.   When are they coming to California?!
5	Went there for happy hour yesterday (Friday).  Food was excellent, service was spectacular, and the oysters were quite good.  The desserts looked amazing but when it came time for a slice of cheesecake we were just way too full...  Great prices for happy hour!
4	Love this place. We went tonight, the Sunday  before Labor Day, and it was quite busy. We were quoted 45 minutes, but we were called after 15 minutes. We decided to stay at the intimate, quiet bar. Our app, the trio, took awhile, but was so worth it! We replaced the calamari, which they were out of, with more alligator. The app was great! I loved the fondeaux, but my hubby thought the alligator, which was usually moist, was king of dry. We ordered the horseradish plank tilapia and the porchartrain. The tilapia was a bit dry, without sauce. I loved my fish, but I feel like there wasn't enough sauce. The service at the bar was awesome. We will definitely return, but maybe try new entrees. The potions are huge, so we will have a great lunch.
5	Great place for a New Orleans style feast.  The restaurant is easy to get to; in a great location; beautiful patio; and has a great atmosphere. I went on a Tuesday night at 7:30pm and there was no waiting.  The service was great and the food was excellent.  I ordered the blackened catfish covered with shrimp and crab in a cream/creole sauce.  It could have been a bit more blackened and spicy.  The house salad was good and the gumbo was excellent...just spicy enough for a good kick.  They serve a full loaf of French bread with warm, whipped butter.  There could have been more beer selections.  I may go every night while I'm in town here for 3 days.  MMMMMmmmmm.....GOOD!!
5	Simply the best food and service!
5	Great food. Fantastic service. Lovely atmosphere. Dinner was absolutely Delicious. I wasn't sure if I liked some of the sauces that came on the entree & the waitress had me taste everything before I made my final choice. It was a busy night & she apologized for our food not being up faster, without me even complaining about it, & gave us 20% of our bill! The atmosphere was casual & relaxed. The staff is so friendly & welcoming, you just can't help but feel comfortable & happy to be there! They have a return customer in me :)
4	I love happy hour at Pappadeaux, $5 Grey Goose cocktails and great appetizers.   Try the Grey Goose with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, so refreshing!   Order the oysters when in season and ask for blackened alligator, which is so good.   It's not usually on the menu, but they will make it.   I prefer it to fried alligator.   The cold boiled shrimp are to die for.
5	I told myself I would Yelp on every restaurant that I ate at on the course of this "road trip" I'm taking, so here goes.  We started off in the familiar territory of Phoenix, AZ.  Our "go to" spot in the northern suburbs of Phoenix used to be the Fish Market in Scottsdale, but since it "changed hands" so to speak, we've been on the look out for another destination.  Well... I think we found it in Pappadeaux.Service:  5/5The service we received at Pappadeaux was outstanding from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.  It was about 7:30 on a Friday evening when we got to the restaurant, and since we had been traveling, I did not have the opportunity to make reservations ahead of time.  The parking lot was VERY crowded and we were afraid of a long wait time.  But we were quoted 5-10 minutes when we arrived, and were seated after 7 minutes.  We got one of the few booths in the restaurant near the bar area.Our waiter, Nate, was very attentive and helpful.  He pointed out some of their more famous dishes and the specials, some of which we ended up ordering.  He was prompt in refilling our water glasses when needed and even stopped a moment to chat with us about our 4-month old son.  The only small blemish I would mention is that dessert was a long time in coming.  It took about ten minutes after we ordered it.  Now I know they don't bake cheesecakes on the fly, so I'm unsure about the reason for the delay, but I thought in the interest of being complete that I would mention it.Food:  5/5Absolutely no complaints here.  Everything we ordered was outstanding.  My wife and I got the baked oyster trio and split a Greek salad for appetizers.  The salad was great and so were the oysters.  The salad is served table-side for that extra little touch.  If we were to order again though, I think we would have just gotten a full order of the Parmesan baked oysters instead of the trio.For entrees, I ordered the special of the evening which was Salmon Diablo, a blackened salmon fillet with extra kick.  The only very minor complaint I would note is the sauce was a bit too much.  It was absolutely delicious, a mix of crab meat and butter and cream, but it overpowered the fish to a degree.  I ended up eating it separately.   As I said, delicious, but a bit much.  My wife ordered the lobster bisque and it was every bit as good as other reviewers have commented.For dessert we split a carrot cake cheesecake.  I'm always on the look out for new and interesting desserts, and while I have had tons of cheesecakes, this was a combination I hadn't encountered before, so I had to give it a try.  The sweet potato pie also looked interesting, but we went with the cheesecake.  Aside from the delay mentioned above, no complaints here.  The cake was moist, flavorful, and delicious.Overall Impressions:  5/5The environment at Pappadeaux is exactly what you would expect.  They do a good job of bringing in that Cajun/creole atmosphere and balance an upscale look with a "down home" attitude.  You'll feel right at home here in your t-shirt and jeans, or in your business attire after a long day at the office.  The staff is very helpful and accommodating.  Overall if you are looking for a seafood or creole meal in the Phoenix area, I can heartily recommend Pappadeaux.
4	A long wait but the gator and frog wernt too bad!
5	So for my Dad's birthday dinner I decided to show him one of my favorite places to go around the valley.  So we had a reservation at 7:30 and got there around 7:10 which was fine we got to sit outside and enjoy the weather which is awesome this time of year.  At 7:35 we were called to our table.  We already saw the menu outside so we were ready to order once seated.  My dad got the stuffed lobster and I got the Chilean sea bass.  After about 20 min the manager came over and apologized for the wait which I wasn't even concerned about yet.  She said they overcooked the sea bass the first time so they had to re-fire it.  They brought our dishes out about 5 min later.  Everything was good as always and then about 7 min later she brings over this huge piece of sea bass and said again she was sorry.  I was amazed as I was not worried about anything and didn't even get upset for the overcooking the first time.  She also said she was going to comp a dessert for me which worked out great cause it was my Dad's bday so she brought a special creme brulee at the end of the meal with a candle and happy birthday written in chocolate which was just perfect.  I love this place and it brings me back to New Orleans every time I go which is a great place to be reminded of.
4	Always great food and service.  It's always busy and boisterous, not the place to come if you're looking for a quiet evening...
5	I believe in heaven and it is located on Peoria and I-17.....guess God couldn't find a better place to park it.  I love this place, the atmosphere is nice the outside is beautiful, the service is always great, and the food oh the food is awesome.  I took my mother here for her birthday this week and she ordered some sort of salmon special and loved it of course.  I love the Costa Rican Talapia with the spaghetti squash.  I have also had the steak sandwich as well and that is a great hearty meal (a little much for the ladies).  I have had the Greek salad (great) and the po-boys fish sandwich and that was just OK.  the bread they bring out is always warm.  I just cant say enough about this place, especially because there isn't much good in the Metrocenter area except maybe Fajitas which is probably my next review.
4	I stop just short of 5 stars only because it's a chain.  Not a huge chain, but a chain none the less.  I love the oysters, but the appetizer trio they have is incredible, especially the fondeaux.  Everything tastes fresh and flavorful from start to finish.  Fried alligator anybody???  You betcha'.  And an incredible dessert selection to finish it all off.  Have the banana pudding with Nilla wafers!!!
4	Pappadeaux and I have a history.  We're both from Houston.  At home, I've been to just about every Pappas restaurant there is many times.  The Pappas family is an integral part of the Houston restaurant scene, love them or hate them.  (Most people love them.)  And in good old H-Town, they have a longstanding informal rivalry with the Goode family, who are like the working man's Pappas family, maintaining similar but less pricey/fancy restaurants.  At home, given a choice between Pappadeaux and Goode Co. Seafood, I will always choose Goode Co., because that's how my family rolls.  But when you take Pappadeaux out of that context, you must acknowledge that it is really a great restaurant.This place is a carbon copy of the original, down to the plants on the patio.  I'm fine with that.  Why fix it if it ain't broke?  As far as I can tell, the food is carbon copy too.  And I'm fine with that, too!  It's pretty darn good food, and it's an accurate representation of the kind of food that our part of the world loves best.  You've got your Cajun, you've got your Creole.  You've got your fried fish (yummmm) and you've got your grilled fish (yummm!!!).  Their po-boy is not too terrible at all, considering how removed it is from its original context!  As a matter of fact, it was downright tasty!  I much prefer flounder to catfish, but hey, I'll live.The original down-home dishes are what Pappadeaux does best, and I am always weirded out to see it advertising itself as some kind of fusion restaurant or lobster buffet.  Sushi?  Seriously?  Come on guys!  You don't need a gimmick!  This isn't a Landry's!If I had to pick favorite dishes, I'd go with anything mesquite grilled, their fried shrimp, and their crawfish bisque, just because I love bisque (although Pappadeaux does not, I should add, have the best in the world).  The service is always good, although I miss the witty signage that all Pappadeuxs have in Houston.  AH WELL.  I enjoy their atmosphere because it is like so many other seafood restaurants on the Gulf Coast, where I half-expect to see a picture of my grandfather's boat on the wall.  I haven't had much of what Phoenix has to offer in the seafood department, but I'm willing to bet, based purely on my Houstonian hubris, that this Texas import is one of the best in town.  Now if only we could get Goode Co. out here...
5	Place is bomb.. had the grilled Frog Legs, Lobster sushi Roll, and the seafood cobb salad for lunch.. sooooo good.. Been here once before and had the aligator appetizer, which was really good and also the crab stuffed shrimp.. everything was great.Tiffany, the girl that waited on us, was really nice and very helpful as well.Will definitely go back again !
5	2 favorite dishes are Costa Rica Talapia  or blackened mahi. Came here again yesterday with my family and since my son is sensitive to many things the manager came out and asked us exactly what he was allergic to in order to make something custom just for my son.  He was so accommodating that I just had to write another review on it.  I had to order my usual Talapia and it was fantastic as well.  I also did not know that they ship in new seafood daily and everything here is homemade, which is probably why this place is full of awesomeness!
1	First off, I know I'm going to come off as sounding crazy because it seems like everyone loves this place. I have had 3 separate experiences that just weren't up to par (1st time was a pick-up order & the steak was extremely chewy 2nd time was similar to my experience I had on Sunday.) I went to have dinner with my boyfriend and  we were promptly seated, but that is where the promptness ended. When we finally received our food (both had the seafood sampler for somewhere around $21 per plate) and everything tasted similar without any of the WOW factor I was hoping for. The worst part was when we were done eating the waitress brought us our to-go boxes and then took 30 minutes to bring us the check. We debated on just leaving but decided to be responsible, but lets just say the tip was minimal. Overall this place just wasn't worth my $64 bill at the end of the night. I ended up having a BOMB dinner the next day at Jason's Dell for $20 and I enjoyed it WAY more! nuff said
4	The only reason I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars is because the atmosphere inside is terrible. (too crazy, very loud, poor lighting, high traffic)Seating outside is another story, especially in the fall. It is beautiful. The food is great and definitely exceeded my expectations. I ordered the Atlantic Salmon as I had heard it was excellent there. I've never been a big fan of salmon and have had several bad experiences with it in other restaurants. My first bite was timid, but by the end I thought I was going to start licking the crumbs off my cedar plank. Amazing. Absolutely amazing.My dish also came with some of the largest asparagus I've had. I'm always very leery of large asparagus as it is almost always too firm. Once again, grilled to perfection just like the salmon. The wait staff was also very courteous and enjoyable. Overall a great experience after we had moved to the courtyard area. I highly suggest, especially if you are a fan of all you can eat lobster.
1	$20 for a double Maker's Mark?  Me thinks not T.G.I. McPappadeaux.  I was not impressed by anything that was there and will not only steer clear but may avoid the I-17 all together.
5	This restaurant is an awesome place to dine, I felt i was in New Orleans! My only negative I have with Pappadeaux is trying to decide what to order - the selection is huge! We arrived around 6:30 pm and there was a 25 minute wait, so I decided to dine outside on the heated patio which happened to have a live band playing. For starters I ordered a dozen of oysters on the 1/2 shell. The oysters were brought out on a large tray of ice and they were served with a light ravish Cajun sauce - SOOOO YUMMY! They went great with the baguette of hot bread spread with butter. For my main entree I ordered the Mississippi Catfish Opelousas - blackened catfish with oysters, shrimp & crab meat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice. The catfish was a large portion with a delish creamy Cajun sauce and the dirty rice was the BEST! I took some to go BC I could not finish all of the large portion. The soft shells crabs are delish too with fries or dirty rice. We celebrated a birthday so our waiter Matt who was on the spot fantastic said dessert was complimentary. We ordered the praline cheesecake which was topped with pecans and berry's. Pappadeaux is my favorite national chain restaurant, PLEASE OPEN IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!
5	Oh Pappadeaux's, how I wish you were closer to my home. If I didn't have to drive 40-45 minutes to get there, I would probably spend my entire paycheck on two things: Oysters and Fried Alligator. As such, I'm going to stick to those two things in my review. Those are really the only two things that I eat when I go, because I cannot get enough of them.First things first, the staff and ambiance. The music can get a little bit loud, but the atmosphere is always fun and upbeat. The staff all seems to be pretty friendly, too. Our server was especially friendly and helpful. This is definitely a place I like to go to with my friends to hang out and have a good night.Now, I'll talk about the food. First, the oysters. The oysters here are great! They give you a few different sauces to go along with them, each of which has a distinct, delicious flavor to add. To make the oysters even better, they have incredible deals on them! They only cost about $4.00 per dozen for the special they supposedly have running almost all the time. The type of oysters that you get on the special vary based on whatever factors affect the catching of oysters. As for the Fried Alligator, IT'S FRIED ALLIGATOR. As soon as I saw it on the menu, I had to have it. To quote one of my favorite movies (Transformers), "Alligator is the most succulent meat." The Fried Alligator here is one of my favorite things to eat. I absolutely cannot have enough Fried Alligator. The meat is moist and juicy with a light and non-fishy flavor, and the batter/breading layer is fried crisp. That combo of the moist meat with the crispy outside is phenomenal. Add on the dusting of cajun seasoning and the creole dipping sauce, and you have a dish you won't forget. In conclusion, I definitely recommend this place. I can't really speak for anything other than the oysters and the fried alligator, but do I need to? Come on, it's Fried Alligator and cheap oysters! Stop reading and go to Pappadeaux's!
5	Since my last review of Pappa, we've been back about eight times. In fact, six of those times were to celebrate my or my hubby's birthdays, which are two weeks apart. Last visit was last Saturday, the 8th; previous was Dec 26th. This review update could fit either visit. Again- quoted 45-50 min wait, but vultured around the bar until a couple of seats opened up and dumped our table wait. It was CRAZY busy this time, with all of the folks in town for BCS, etc. Oysters - wow. They were HUGE, delicious and showed up quickly. Our shucker even came by, after we were finished, to ask if we were happy with our order. Boy howdy, yes we were. Hubby got filet mignon w/Alaskan King crab compliment; I got my usual crab cake on lemon-caper sauced crawfish bed (sweet potato garnish changed up to fried onion strings with a tomato-y relish on top, yum!). We were both 100% happy with the food. When I mentioned to our bartender (he gets his own paragraph) that it was hubby's birthday, he offered the normal comped dessert (key lime pie, MMMM), but threw in a bonus gift: the rum bottle token. It was appropriate; my hubby had sampled five different rum drinks during our meal. (Pirate Punch was my favorite!) Ben was our bartender; he was just incredible!! Before we even got seats at the bar, Ben was asking what drink he could make for us. In fact, despite the extremely busy and loud atmosphere, his excellent and attentive service made it feel like he was our personal server - and I noticed that he was giving everyone around his end of the bar the same service. He is just that great! Or maybe he was just that happy that the Colts lost... :). Another 'tender, Kim, also kept a great eye on us and other nearby patrons, whenever Ben had stepped away. Our thanks to them both, for an absolutely fabulous experience which guarantees the future of our 3-year-old birthday tradition!
5	I really don't give 5 stars that often (ever?) but I absolutely love Pappadeaux.Both times I have eaten there, I've gotten absolutely delicious food across the board.  Typically I will have appetizers (mussels, clams, some gumbo, etc.) but I've also had the trout (which was delicious).  I find their food seasoned well, balanced in flavor, and visually appetizing without tasting too greasy or obnoxiously oily/buttery.They are open late as well, and the drinks are outstanding.  Fresh lime juice margaritas, not too sweet, with Patron where they don't skimp on the booze?  What can be better?Pardon my brevity on this review, but just go and you won't be disappointed.  Hats off to the Pappas' group for bringing a great restaurant to Phoenix.  Please don't expand and ruin a good thing either!
5	We LOVE pappadeaux and go every time we are close to one.  Never have been disappointed. We started at the bar with a couple happy hour grey goose lemon drops. Coconut shrimp app followed by cedar plank salmon and stuffed shrimp (unbelievably delish!). We also added some king crab legs and a beer and blood orange mojito. Got out for $112 including $20 tip. Service was top notch food was phenomenal, if I had to knock something the crab legs were a little soggy. Server immediately tried to replace them or comp them but I can't waste crab legs so I ate every scrap of them!  Can't wait to go back.
4	I really enjoy coming to Pappadeaux. The service is pretty good, and the food is excellent. They have alligator for an appetizer which is very tasty. I love ordering the gumbo and the lobster bisque for starters. As for the main course, The Mardi Gras pasta is very delicious. This place can be a bit expensive but if you love seafood this place is an excellent choice.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Get me some lobster bisque and the Mardi Gras pasta and I'm all yours! Happy Hour here is pretty darn good because the prices become more affordable. I feel that you get what you pay for at Pappadeaux's in terms of food and service, but anytime you can get that with a discount it definitely gets better! I love all the desserts, but the sweet potato pecan pie with a cup of coffee really makes the evening paired with a side of Jazz on the covered patio.
5	We've been coming here for years - and it has always been one of our very favorite places. Perfect for a special night out - either for a romantic dinner or with friends.  But tonight we discovered a new thing to love here at Pappadeaux: the chargrilled salmon diablo! Perfectly prepared - and the flavors of the mesquite-grilled salmon were perfectly complemented by the slightly tangy diablo cream sauce, with big tasty pieces of crab and crawfish in it. Even the broccoli was delicious! Steamed with a light sprinkling of garlic lemon olive oil and a touch of warm red pepper flakes. Love!!!
4	Saturday night - it was packed but the music and the patio helped the wait.  Family get together.  Party of 9 - all ages.  All food tastes.  Oysters, alligator, crab, shrimp, catfish, lobster.  We ate it all but the absolute best was the Banana Pudding in a jar.  No one pressured us to hurry up.  We all gave Tony an extra tip for great, friendly service..
5	This is my Favorite Restaurant by FAR. There are a few cons in the past 3 visits though.  Food on one hand is always excellent. Service is usually really prompt, but if you want optimal service I would eat at the bar.1. Lobster Sizes. I try to Order 2lbs or So, and every time I have been up-sold to a 3 or 4 pounder without any discount.2. The Lobster Eat All you Can deal was turning away customers by 7pm on the opening night,, I was showing off and brought 4 guests up from Gilbert, just to get turned away.3. The Temperature in there is a bit chilly, so if you don't devour your food quickly, it can tend to get a bit cold.Best Dish LobsterBest Appetizer P.E.I MusselsBest Drink Fat tireOn a nice Date, expect to pay about 80 to 100 per couple..
4	Restaurant: Came at night and the restaurant and decor was what was expected, lively and a little loud.Service: Was seated right away. Server was very quick and food came out quickly. Drink refills were done timely.Food: Ordered the spinach dip. It was excellent. Sampled some of the other food from friends' plates and they were all good.
5	Oh, where to begin..I stopped by Pappadeaux last week to grab a bite when on a Wed, they told me it was a 45min wait for two.. wow.  The place was packed.   The hostess recommended we make a reservation for the weekend, so we made one for Friday at 7PM.The smells coming from the place when you first pull in automatically keep you wondering what delicious things are waiting inside.  I'm so glad we did. We showed up and they gave us a card with a number and once our number showed up on the screen, it was seating time.  I think we waited maybe ten minutes.After gazing over the menu for a quick minute, we decided to try the fried alligator with creole sauce.  Being one to enjoy new things, I was pretty excited.  The waiter took our drink orders and and put in the appetizer.  The place at this point was insanely packed, but it was nice to see a place like this.  Made ya feel that something good was to come.  Heck, a place cant' suck if it's this packed, right?   So we order our food, I decided on the stuffed shrimp and the rest of my friends all ordered different things.  It would be a share-a-meal night.. About 10min into drinks and conversation, they bring out the fried alligator..  Ok, if you've never eaten anything weird before.  Please please.. you've got to try this.  It sorta reminded me of a cross between soft pork or chicken.  The taste literally melted in my mouth.  To top it off, the creole sauce that went with it, only complimented it.  I could easily have eaten the entire plate alone.  Sadly, I had to share..After quickly destroying the fried alligator, we got our entrees.  I took one bite and had to pause a moment.. the taste of the stuff shrimp with the crab, Alfredo, spices inside just floored me.  There were only six pieces, but after sharing a piece or two and eating the amazing green beans, this was plenty of food. I can't wait for my next trip here.. fantastic food.
3	I have been here 2-3 times in the past and remember liking it a lot more.  Today, however, I went during the lunch and thought the food was very uninspired.I really hate to say this, but I think Pappadeaux is becoming Red Lobster with a Cajun twist.  This place has somehow transformed itself from a unique eatery into a full blown Red Lobster meets Joe's Crab Shack franchise.  The only difference is the price (higher) and the seasoning (Cajun) instead of over-salting.  The seafood is no doubt frozen as well.Sure, I love fried fish and other creole calorie bombs just as much as everyone else, but I think this place is losing its authenticity as it makes its play towards the masses.Anyway, I wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their offering to prove my theory, but I'm certainly not going to rush.
2	I was really excited to try this restaurant as I heard good things.  The food was okay, but everything took FOREVER and they were not that busy.  I probably will not go there again.
3	Ok, they should be happy that I am understanding of the flying bug that landed in my dessert and died before it was served.  Yes, I found it as I was eating the dessert, grossed me out, but not necessarily their fault.  The manager came over and apologized and took the dessert off the bill and offered me another one.  Anyway, the rest of the meal was great.  My party and I had the scallops with green beans and capers.  Yummy!  I do like Pappadeaux's overall and this is the first time I didn't have a great experience.
5	One of my favorite restaurant to go to the best seafood out here.
4	Treated my friend's family here recently, on a busy Sunday night.  We have been here several times now, but I do not remember the food taking this long.We had reservations for a party of 7 at 6:30pm, we showed up early at 6:15pm  but we still had to wait till about 6:50pm to be seated.  It was extremely busy.Food took awhile but it was worth it.  Our server was pretty nice and overall we had a good experience.
2	Maybe it's because this Pappadeaux is in the desert it's not as good as the one's in Texas. But I have been to one in Dallas and one in the Houston airport and both are much better.Sorry but I don't remember what I had but I just wasn't impressed and didn't get the feeling the seafood was really fresh. I guess I will continue to look for a place to get fried seafood in Arizona.If you are expecting Pappadeaux like it is in Texas don't go here.If you are expecting Legal Seafood don't go here.
2	Great food, but the 1hr wait for a patio table ruined it (while there were a few open tables out there).
4	Since I was in AZ area for the weekend with my gf for pleasure we decided to visit one of my friends in the area. She picked this place and we decided to get seafood instead of steak or a meat house. First of all, I'd suggest making reservations otherwise DO NOT COME HERE. We showed up at 7pm but weren't seated until 845. Good thing we ate a really good lunch otherwise I'd be starving and complaining like a baby. At least this gave us time to have a few drinks before dinner in the LARGE outdoor waiting patio area. I think it was so crowded because it was the weekend before Fat Tuesday. This place kinda reminds me of Bubba Gump or something similar. It seems fun and they do have a large bar and waiting area. We ordered alligator and frog legs as an appetizer. LOVED IT!!! We wanted the fried alligator and frog legs but the waiter absolutely loved that he worked here and HIGHLY recommended that we order it grilled instead. Since he worked here, we figured why not? I was thinking to myself that the cooks were a bit lazy and maybe they didn't want to prepare it. Lol. To my surprise, it was good as he mentioned. I have had both before but not for a few years so I was pleased. My gf ordered the crab stuffed shrimp which was really good. I ordered a  combination seafood plate which was good but not great. There are way too many things to order on the menu. A lot of fried food so if you are trying to watch your diet/weight then don't come here. I would definitely come here again but I wouldn't be in any rush. Great for a lot of people and groups, but PLEASE make RESERVATIONS.
4	Don't arrive without reservations, especially after 6PM! You don't want to risk waiting over an hour. I've been here a few times, my favorite is the alligator! It's super yummy! I've never had any complaints, only 1 time was my salmon under cooked, which was disappointing. However I would still go back and LOVE ALLIGATOR! I know a few people that have been to the Texas location as well, and they just as satisfied with this location as well.
2	I usually enjoy a trip over to Pappadeaux but last night was the worst dining experience I've had in years. We were quoted a 10-20 min wait time... no biggie... ended up waiting 55 min to be seated. It is spring training and spring break so not a big deal because we did arrive at 7pm. The problem is we left at 10:30pm! I ordered the seasonal craw fish as an appetizer since I had an hour to look over the menu I ordered right away. Took 45 min to get the craw fish out and when they came there was an old dehydrated piece of corn with scraps of potatoes. I had watched other tables getting several pieces of corn with large potatoes so we must have been given the "left overs". It was truly pathetic. We ended up just getting the gumbo since we had already filled up on bread and my real motivation to eat here was the dessert. We ordered two desserts and after 15 min our waitress only brought out one (she forgot the other one). Our waitress was nice but just not good at her job. Every time she knew she messed up she would have the manager come to our table instead of just explaining to us what had happened. It was a long confusing $50 app, soup, and dessert. I would recommend going at 2pm for a stress free dinner!
2	They've gone down in general.  Portions are smaller for happy hour.  Service is still aright.  Drained the pond out front.  Sad.  Bread and butter were not fresh last week and I always look forward to THAT simple pleasure .  We can forgive the burnt and salty lobster since they gave us a new one on the house without us even asking.  Just disappointed as we used to LOVE this place.
4	Actually about 4.5 stars and I am deducting the half star only because the place is sooo noisy. Hubby and I finally got around to hitting Pappadeaux's after we'd talked about it for months. On the wrong side of town for us but tonight we were in the area and decided to go for it. It was about 8:45 when we got there and the place was packed. We were told about 20 minutes for the wait but if it was longer than 7 minutes, I'd be surprised. For appetizers, we tried the Crispy Fried Alligator and a dozen Texas Gulf Coast Oysters. I was starving by the time we were seated and the napkins probably would have tasted good at that point but thank goodness we had these two appetizers to nosh on instead. The alligator was so succulent, we wished we had gotten the large order instead of the medium. The oysters were very fresh (yes, I do believe they fly all of their seafood in fresh every day). Next came some light and airy yet crusty bread. And bringing me my own little dish of butter so I don't have to share--much appreciated! Entrees: Hubby had the Pappadeaux Platter. Lots of fried goodness on there, including crawfish, stuffed shrimp, regular shrimp, catfish and a blue crabcake. We both mistook the crabcake for a hush puppy because of its size and shape. I asked if I could try the "hush puppy" and hubby handed it over. I should have kept my mouth shut and just eaten the whole thing because he doesn't like them but I stupidly said, "Hey, this is crab!" The look on my husband's face was priceless, I could just tell he was begrudging me the bite I'd just taken. I was nice and handed it back to him without a fight. Sucker. The verdict from him on the Pappadeux Platter was that it was good and tasty but next time we go he's going to try something else because that was a lot of fried food. Of course our very helpful server had told us they can basically make anything on the menu other ways than what is listed so maybe getting some of the food on there grilled or broiled would have been a option? For me, it was the Crawfish Platter, which consists of Fried Crawfish and Crawfish Etouffee. I loved it. Even being fried, the crawfish were still light and delicate to me. The Etouffee had just the right amount of spice for me. And the dirty rice that accompanied it was darned good too. I could only eat about 1/3 of my entree because the portions are HUGE! So even though it cost us $22.95 for my dinner, I don't think it was too bad considering I still have lunch for tomorrow! Hubby is sad he ate everything on his plate but the french fries. No dessert or drinks for us, couldn't afford it. To be honest, I made a bad boo-boo when suggesting the place because I had only skimmed their website and saw they are having a Crawfish Boil special for $7.95 and that's what we thought we'd be having. That special is only good on Wednesday and Thursday so don't be a dumb ass and go on Saturday night like we did if that's what you want. We're hoping to get back on the proper night to try the boil. I'm sure it will be just as excellent as everything we had tonight. Oh...about the noise. I can say one good thing about it...at least it mostly drowned out the crying baby at the next table. Seriously, folks. Doesn't anyone get a sitter anymore? This is NOT the place for infants and young kids.
5	Had lunch here today It was great, the food was great We had the Appetizer Trio, Pasta Mardi Gras, and the Mixed Seafood Grill. It was way more food than the two of us could eat. The server was very attentive and very helpful. I would recommend Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen to anyone who likes Cajun food or Seafood there is so much to choose from and basically the server said we could change anything on the menu to have it made just the way we wanted. AWESOME
4	Good  shit most of the time.
5	My wife and I stopped in here on Saturday night after the D'Backs game and were told there would be an hour and half wait.  The very visually frazzled hostess kept her composer and let us know that the bar area is first come first serve so we decided to try there.  We scored some seats within 10 minutes and were immediately met by Sarah the bartender and the smiles and service never stopped.  Based on our questions Sarah knew it was our first time and really explained their menu and how everything works.  Our whisky was 10$ a glass but based on the "long pour" it was worth it.  There was a mistake in the kitchen and someone miss ordered a crab legs, we scored because Sarah brought them to us to try.  AMAZING... I ordered a sampler trio as our appetizer and the wife loved it all until she realized it was not breaded chicken and little chunks of lobster in the seafood fondue (I may have led her on a little) but rather alligator and crawfish.  The smile on her face (maybe the whisky) or just the general fun atmosphere and the food quality was well worth the total bill at the end of the night.  I can't wait to go back...
1	Pappadeaux has been one of my family's favorite seafood restaurants in Phoenix for several years......until today!We just went for dinner fairly early to beat the Friday rush.  We ordered our drinks and appetizer, approximately 15 minutes later my beer showed up after I had to ask the waiter for it again.  That was the first disappointment but was actually the least disappointing!We ordered our food and were patiently waiting, we understand that the food does not arrive immediately.  20 minutes went by...then 30.  After about 40 minutes the waiter came out and let us know that he was sorry it was taking so long and that our food was coming right out.  After this extremely long wait our 22 month old son was at the end of his rope and was out of patience.  We told them that we had to have the food to go since it had been so long.The manager came out and apologized to us and offered us either a free desert or a gift certificate ($7 desert or $50 gift certificate...don't take the desert!).  We do appreciate the gift certificate, however the disappointment was not over.We got home to eat the food (travel time only about 15 minutes).  My fried oysters were cold and soggy, I assume they had been sitting on the counter for quite awhile before they packaged them up for us.  My son's kids shrimp meal ended up being only 4 shrimp in the box with no fries!  My wife was also not very happy with her fish, very bland and not satisfying.We are very disappointed that Pappadeaux's has sunk to this level, we used to love it in the past but will not be eating there again.  To whoever we end up giving the gift certificate to.....sorry!
5	This is the kind of place you can't go wrong, if you like seafood, then you gotta try this place for sure! We first tried it in Texas, yes it's a chain restaurant, but you cannot beat the consistent food we find everytime we go and each one we visit, it's the same good find! We manage to always start with Pappadeaux oysters, very tasty, spinach, cheese, bread crumbs with a sauce you wanta use the bread to soak up all of it! Next on the menu for me I am eating the jumbo shrimp stuffed with cheese and jalapeno, then wrapped with bacon. This is eight, big stuffed shrimp, so big it's too much to finish. There is a bed of dirty rice that fills the plate as well, so you get a lot of food for price. To finish our meal today, we got the banana pudding, it a huge serving in a mason jar, stuffed with vanilla wafers and topped with whip cream. You must try Pappadeaux's, it's great food, great service and worth the wait!
5	This place is simply amazing.  If this place didn't break the bank I would be there all the time.  The crab cakes covered in rich sause with crawdad's is unbelievable.  Atmosphere draws you in and the service is top notch.It is pricey but once you taste the food you will understand the price.
5	Ate here on a recent trip to Phoenix and loved it. We had a group of 16 guys, mostly drunk and they even put our meals on separate checks without us asking. Gratuity included of course. I had Penne Pasta with chicken as I am allergic to shell fish and had no worries watching everyone else engulf lobster tail, gumbo and crab claws.
4	this place is awesome! I brought my family for lunch along with some out of town guest. great food. the marti gras pasta ( shrimp, crawfish,sausage, and clams) was awesome along with the service.
3	The atmosphere was awesome, great courtyard area, open kitchen. Service was top notch. Food was incredible! Very fresh, didn't have the typical give of a chain restaurant. My boyfriend and I went on catfish night and though we didn't get any it was fun to watch everyone get their buckets. Cocktail was yummy.. calamari melted in my mouth, halibut in burre blanc was amazing.
2	This place is so messed up.  I've been maybe 10 times now, and it is so hit and miss. I keep coming back because I love the king crab legs and the lobster tail; haven't found another place that has them along with a decent array of other food in a lively atmosphere, but they don't inspire me with confidence considering I always spend over $100. My partners always end up with poor meals. First of all, their seating management is a disaster. On Friday's visit, I first called for a reservation - 9:30pm was the earliest offer.  I drove there anyway, arrived at 7:30pm, put in our name for a table for two, outside (new system in place - no more numbers, but vibrating alert gizmos).  I asked for outside, but she said 'let us know that when you are called' - probably the problem right there. We were told '20-30 minutes'.  No problem, we went to the smaller bar next to the outdoor dining patio and had a beer.  The Patio was 30% full only, and the waiters servicing the outdoor patio were standing around idle. After watching the patio remain largely empty for at least 20 minutes, I approached the front desk and asked, 'how come we aren't being seated since the patio is not full?" She immediately grabbed a couple of menus and seated us.  We later asked our waiter what was going on, he said ...'million dollar business with a couple of high-school kids running the front desk'.  Just about sums it up! We also got dripped on and generally over-chilled by the misters and fans. We finally asked for them to be turned off, but it took a good 20 mins for the misters to completely 'dry out' (one of the reasons I want to sit outside is to avoid the over-chilled interior). I had the lobster tail, it was great. My partner had the 'hudson bay combo' ... the bacon-wrapped shrimp were great, but the lobster tail and the scallop were totally lukewarm, tasting like they were cooked well in advance.  Not good for a $27 entree.
5	Having grown up in Texas, exposed to lots of cajun food and now living in LA where there is none, a promised visit to Pappadeaux was what sealed the deal for me to visit Phoenix. Pappadeaux did not disappoint - food was just as good as I remembered the chain to be in Texas. I love my crawfish etouffee. And going at lunch (even on the weekends) is definitely the best bang for your buck. They are very, very generous with the portions.
5	Hello All! Last night my husband Michael and I went out to dinner to celebrate my new job, we went to Pappadeaux which we had been numerous time before but last night I have to say we had the BEST server that Pappadeaux has her name is Kara Reveas and she listen to want we liked she picked up on the fact that my husband doesn't eat meat so when she brought our meals out she replaced his dirty rice with white rice since they prepare their dirty rice with meat. She offered us choices to try on our return visit of certain items on the menu. You could see when she explained how they prepared the meal that she was passionate in her job and wanting the customer to have a wonderful food experience. We also meet the Manager from Mississippi Cori Woods she was absolutely wonderful as well very charming and caring you could tell that she really enjoys her work. If you haven't eaten there please stop in you will be so happy that you did. The food, atmosphere and service is 5 Stars and remember to ask for Kara she works Thursday evenings. Oh and the Alligator is great you need to try it!!!!!!
5	Been here many times and even had an event for 20 people.  Best Sea Food place in Phoenix.  Service is always 5 stars and the staff is always great.  Try the seafood gumbo, oysters and lobsters.  I had a 4lb lobster there and it was the best.
4	Pappadeaux is an excellent place to have delicious seafood in the Phoenix area.  They have a wide selection and every time I've eaten here the service was prompt and courteous, the meals well prepared, and they always seem pretty busy.  I had the Caribbean lobster tail, scallops, and shrimp wrapped in bacon followed by key lime pie.  Everything was cooked to perfection and I always try to eat at  Pappadeaux when I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	This place is absolutely wonderful! I've only been here twice but both times I left extremely satisfied.On my second visit I tried some alligator and had no idea what to expect, but it tasted like spicy chicken! Awesome menu! Of course a little pricey, but totally worth it.The atmosphere was great. Fancy and almost elaborate, but in a friendly inviting way. Very relaxed!service was always fantastic.I'm a sucker for cajun, so I'll definitely be back when I get some spare cash to dump on a night of fancy feasting.
4	I am a fan of Pappadeaux...Went on a Saturday night in JUNE; seated right away; hostess/manager came by to say our server just had a "7 top" and was taking their order; and would be there to get our order.  It took over 15 minutes to get our drink order; because none of the wait staff or management told our server that we were seated behind a wooden support beam.  We didn't even get water; not good...But after our server saw us he apologized for the delay; and the meal was great from that moment on; the food & drinks were great.  Our server after the rocky start; was one of the best I ever had at any establishment.
4	always consistent quality and value. we have been regulars of pappadeaux in our previous  home of TX, and we still are big fans!
5	Had a fantastic dinner here on 7/22.  P.H.I.L. was our waiter and he was phenomenal !  Food was GREAT! As was service!    Highly recommend this place!  Sat outside and was very comfortable!   Will be back again and again!!!!
5	Pappadeaux. What can I say? You are DELICIOUS! Our waitress was probably the best waitress I've ever had. Carrie was enthusiastic, really attentive without being overbearing or annoying, and just overall super awesome. We came in for lunch around 1 p.m. (their lunch is until 3), and I ordered the sampler platter, but I don't really like tilapia, so I asked if I could get some calamari instead of tilapia - done, without a hassle. Mum got the crawfish lunch. The bread they bring out is amazing, by the way.Our food was out in probably ten minutes. Not only did I have an abnormally huge portion of calamari on my plate, but our waitress brought me out all the sauces that go with the calamari - their spicy marinara and a lemon aioli that you will stare at for several minutes and wonder how an aioli can taste that good. Yup. Several minutes.Our waitress checked in on us often, and when we were done, boxed up our meal for us while we got our check. It was really hot out, and I was dreading walking to the car to sit on sizzling black leather seats, and before I know it BAM! There is a take-out cup for each of us, filled with our respective drink choice, our food bagged up and extra sauce for my leftoevers in little plastic take-out cups... Has anyone ever seen such awesome service?If you go... you better ask for Carrie. If you don't, you will be incredibly and horribly jealous that you did not get the best waitress I have ever SEEN.
3	If you are a Cajun or from New Orleans you will be disappointed. If youre not and are just looking for a casual seafood restaurant with some hints of Nawlins, then you may like this place. The food was good, just not once you've experienced The Big Easy.  I do agree with the other review, it was very loud!
5	Delicious Cajun food! A friend took me here for my birthday and I am definitely a fan. Great flavors and great selections. The food is slightly pricey but wonderful for the restaurant. Very memorable. :) I would definitely come back. I love spicy and butter and this place has a wonderful combination of both. The portions are also large so it will feel you up until you are a happy full. Service at the table is also a hundred times better than the bar so sit at the table. For Westcoasters, like myself, definitely give this place a try!
1	After all the positive reviews the hubby & I decided to check it out. Upon entering everything looks great, the place is spacious and we were greeted and seated immediately. I ordered the cajun comb and my husband got the tilipia. While we're waiting for our meals to arrive our waiter offered us fresh baked bread right out of the oven. Not wanting to fill up on bread we declined. We're still sitting there when a roach scurries arcoss the ledge near our booth. ALL BUGS FREAK ME OUT!!!!!!! My husband said it wasn't that big a deal and I should just calm down. The table next to us received their food a couple of minutes before us, as soon as the waiter sat the food on the tray flies swarmed. I tried not to FREAK out but I was really getting uneasy about the safety of our food. Finally, our food comes out a couple of minutes later and I'm eyeballing it like a hawk.....no flies touched it, but it didn't stop them from trying to attack our food once it arrived. It's hard to enjoy your meal while you're swatting away flies and make sure roaches are coming up behind you. On to the food, my fish was salty and my husband's was buttery. 2 perfectly good pieces of fish were ruined.While I went to the restroom my hubby ordered a slice of keylime pie for me. The pie was delicious, our waiter was great, the people watching is extremely interesting, but we will never return here.
4	Great stick to your bones food.  Try the fried crab claws and fried gator. The service is spotty however, the food is great.
5	Eating here is more like an experience than just a meal. I had the salmon Yvette tonight, it was perfectly cooked, in a luxurious citrus sauce with crawfish and shrimp... This is definitely the best seafood dish I've had in Phoenix to date... Go to pappadeaux! You won't be disappointed!
5	Very nice environment. Prices a little spendy but the experience is well worth it.
5	I've been here many times and have always enjoyed it. The seafood is excellent, I especially recommend the oyster plate... wow!
2	Pappadeaux is overpriced and overrated.  There are so few choices in seafood restaurants in the Phoenix area.  It's a shame.  Franchise.  The food is ok.  One step up from Red Lobster.
5	In town for business, and came to Pappadeaux's for dinner...what a great experience.  Hostess, wait staff, and servers were all outstanding.  The food was amazing.  Perfectly cooked vegetables to accompany the Costa Rican Mahi.  Ice cold beer on a hot, 102 degree day was a welcome addition!Although we later found out our waiter was in training (it was his first day), he was attentive, professional, and available to answer any questions we had.Highly recommended.
5	Three of us went here an hour before they closed (9pm) and were seated right away. We ordered the alligator appetizer and a cup of lobster bisque. The alligator with the Cajun sauce was deli-sh! My cup of lobster bisque was creamy with chunks of lobster in it. Probably one of the best that i have had. When ordering our waitress was very helpful, we ordered Costa Rican Mahi Alexander, Crawfish Etouffee, and the Soft Shell Crab. By far HANDS DOWN the Alexander was the best dish. It offered a little bit of everything and the flavor or the sauce plus the amazing dirty rice. OMG it was amazing and i am kind of upset that i wasn't the one who ordered them. The Etouffee was colorful and deli-sh the crawfish were really soft and easy to chewy plus the flavor the sauce thy were in was amazing. I ordered the soft shell crab... i had never had soft shell crab before. It was pretty good! I would recommend that you put a little of the Cajun sauce that was served with the alligator.
5	Seafood Grandeur. Reminded me fondly of the great seafood days I had in New England and Boston in the past. The fish and chips (two-headed fried shrimp, fried tilapia, french fries) is so very New England. The Blackened Mahi Alexander is so creative they put shredded crawfish on top. You may choose something other as an entree, but please do yourself a favor and order the Lobster Bisque, which isn't only brisk bisque but also generous with lobster bites. You'll be full, so don't even dream of somersaults afterwards not unless you're purging.
5	Fast service, fastest i have seen!! Also very nice servers!!! I reallllly love their foods here oh and their bread omg!!! Honey plus bread=ftw
4	We went to meet some friends and had drinks while our friends finished dinner.  The server was OUTSTANDING!!!  She knew her job and did it with amazing accuracy! I have not had this kind of service since leaving Okinawa.  The place was packed but we were acknowledged immediatly and there was no issue when we joined our friends. :-)  CANNOT wait to go back for a full meal!!
5	We had to go to the west side of Phoenix and that was just the excuse for another dinner at Pappadeaux.This time we were there in the middle of the week so there was no wait for a table.  We went the same route on the appetizers with alligator and oysters.  No sense messing with perfection.The hubby ordered the Chilean Sea Bass.  Expensive but fabulous.  I stole a couple of bites and it was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right.  Heavenly!I wasn't very hungry after appetizers so I just had a bowl of Lobster Bisque.  HUGE chunks of lobster in there and so warm and satisfying.  This will be my choice from now on if I'm not feeling super hungry.  Pappadeaux definitely has my vote as the best seafood place in Phoenix.
5	5 Stars is saying a lot about the quality of your dining experience at Pappadeaux.-I've been here probably over five times since I've lived in AZ and every experience is top notch! Our server was really chill, laid back and even though very busy always checked to see if we needed anything. Most people these days even if the place is dead will not even check on you unless they are looking to drop off the bill. -The food is bomb, I had Stuffed Jumbo Shrimp wrapped in bacon over dirty rice (recommended). Atmosphere is fun and poppin all on a Sunday at that! I was really surprised. -Beast Seafood in AZ hands down for the reasons above, I would definitely check it out if your in town and want some good food and southern hospitality in the desert. 5 STARS
5	my dad took us here for my mom's birthday -- one of the best seafood restaurants i've been to! prices are reasonable for the quality of food and service you receive. also, complimentary choice of dessert on your birthday. great place!
5	My first time at a cajun seafood kitchen and let me tell you it was great.  I wasn't so sure how the whole experience would go since I don't usually eat fish and I haven't had a lot of experience with cajun food either.  But my hesitation quickly slipped away as the ambiance of the restaurant engulfed me.  This is a fun place.It was a busy night and so we had cocktails and appetizers on the patio--great patio!  As our table came available, we were escorted inside to nice location by the window.  (I love tables with a view.)  Our waiter was very helpful with the selections explaining in detail which dishes would suit our individual tastes. Nice variety of dishes on the menu.  My ceasar salad was was as nice complement to the shrimp etouffee and dirty rice.  Everything was spiced just right and the favors were just watering.Our waiter checked back on us periodically, just enough to keep in touch but not be a bother.  He was attentive and concerned that his dinner suggestions met with our approval--they did.  He was very good and I wish I could remember his name, to give him a proper shout out. Needless to say, I'll be back next time I'm in Phoenix---Love you, Pappadeaux's!
5	Mmm Mmm, love Pappadeaux! Such great cajun/creole style food in a really fun environment. You must try the fondeaux and lobster bisque - my favorites! Always super crowded, so I would def make a reservation.
5	Unbelievable food for a chain restaurant! Normally we would never go to a chain place for dinner - especially in phoenix - but i could not resist all the pics of their food on facebook.We started with the spinach/lump crab dip, it was good but not outstanding. I ordered the big bayou platter with stuffed shrimp, bacon wrapped shrimp and lobster - it was excellent (dirty rice was great too). My gf ordered king crab legs - wow - she got the medium and i swear it was a full pound and they tasted great.
5	Pappadeaux's is by far my favorite seafood splurge in AZ! Although this place is a chain the customer service is always excellent as well as the food. I've been here many times and have never had anything I didn't think was extraordinary. This last time I went I ordered the Crawfish Etouffee with Dirty rice; every bite was loaded with crawfish it was so much I could only eat half. It was fairly priced at $20.95, which at any other restaurant I would tucked my tail and hide but the food here is well worth the price. For appetizers my favorites include the Lobster Bisque, Fried Alligator and Crab Fingers. The only thing I don't like about Pappadeaux's is they don't have free refills on the Strawberry Lemonade.  Which again is fantastic, it has a delicate balance of sweet and sour but the glass is so loaded with ice you're literally paying $3.50 per glass on about  cups of actual juice.  The atmosphere is fun the lighting is more on the dim side but it fits the New Orleans theme throughout the restaurant. This place handles large crowds like a champ, my group this past Saturday was a party of 12 and the server had no problems with remembering who ordered what, as well as properly splitting the check. I highly recommend the restaurant to any seafood lover. If you don't like seafood there are a few other options but not many; the few they have are well executed. I also recommend trying out the Chef's Special of the Night. This place has an outdoor patio and the band is always playing on the weekend which serves as great entertainment when waiting for your table.
5	My favorite spot.  Everything is delicious..Everyone should have a Swamp thing at least once.
3	Wonderful fried alligator and "ok shrimp gumbo". Seems like the bowl has shrunk on the gumbo, or it differs by location. We came here for lunch. The wait on a table was about 30 minutes and the fried Alligator came immediately. However, it took over 35 minutes for our meals to come.Seems coming on a crowded Thursday business lunch was a less than stellar idea. Generally, I've enjoyed this chain in other cities, but was a little less enthusiastic about this location and the food quality.
3	3 1/2 stars. It's been a year since last time I dined here and we sat in the main dinning room vs the outside patio. This area is large and overly noisy and it's difficult to even communicate here.For dinner I ordered the Pasta Mardi Gras Linguine tossed with crawfish, andouille sausage & crimini mushrooms in a marinara cream sauce topped with jumbo grilled shrimp. The dish was tasty and the seafood was fresh except for the crawfish which was out of season. The pasta was not temperature hot - I think the noodles were cold and that made the dish lukewarm. The other entree we tried was Seafood Platter - Fried tilapia fillet, shrimp, blue crab cake, stuffed shrimp & stuffed crab and french fries. This was just eh! There was much filler on the stuffed items and I thought was pricey for what we received. Favorite item was the tilapia. For dessert we split the mint chocolate chip cheesecake which was yummy.Our waiter was the best - very attentive to details constantly checked in with our needs and handled every request immediately. He was formerly employed at Pappadeaux in Houston but this gent could work at any dinning establishment.
3	Good food but service was subpar
4	It's the kind of place that I order what I think will be great, and it is, but everyone else seems to have ordered something even better. I walk out thinking, it's a bit more than what I usually want to spend, but I'm glad we went. The kind of place when we wonder where to go for seafood we wind up there.It seems to have been transplanted, or at least the best replica in Phoenix, of Louisiana when I look at the clientele, who look like transplants from New Orleans looking for a good place to eat. It's lively, and is beautiful building with a red brick courtyard. The staff is knowledgeable, and very helpful to someone raised here and not that familiar with the great variety of seafood. I usually tip larger there than any other place. I've been accused of having moths fly out of my wallet so I have to rate this place very highly. In fact, for seafood I've been here the most often, having been very disappointed with other places in the valley.
3	Being someone that spent a lot of time in New Orleans, it's hard for me to give this place any more than 3 stars. Their food is "OK" but way over priced. The gumbo is not very gumbo like and their PoBoys need "more"The drinks, however, will knock you out of your shoes! The bartenders are super friendly too!I totally miss the Gulf Coast Oyster special since the oil spill....3.95 a dozen!  Not any more :( Ahh well. Life goes on.I can't really suggest heading into Pappa for your seafood fix. There are better places in the valley.
3	Amazing
4	I've eaten here multiple time.  Have eaten at other Pappadeaux venues across the US.  Never really had a bad meal here or any other location.  Given that we live in a desert this is about as good as seafood gets.  There are other places that charge a lot more (Eddie Vs for example) but I've found Pappadeaux to be just as good and a whole lot cheaper (although Pappadeaux cost a few bucks).
4	Have been going to Pappaduex's off and on for awhile now.  Seems like I go through spurts where I wind up there several times in a row then not going back for what seems like a year.  That said, this chain is consistently good.  The service is always good, some times better than others but never bad.  It is hard to find good creole and/or cajun food here and while this may not be considered authentic, it is good.  The alligator is lip smackin' good.The atmosphere is somewhat lacking as the acoustics make conversation almost impossible.  Not a good place for a romantic meal, but a good place to have fun with friends.
5	The best advice that I can give is that if you plan to dine at Pappadeaux, plan to arrive early.  This place is positively packed later in the evening! Still, if you're ready to set aside the money to have a good night, you'll probably get it here.  The restaraunt is extremely customer-service oriented with very polite employees who attempt to fulfill all your needs.   They'll even offer suggestions on what items to select depending on what your party is looking for, very helpful! On this particular trip I settled on the Crawfish Etouffee and ordered a Bloody Mary from the bar.  Between my meal and our appetizers (we went with the combo platter and pan-fried frog legs) I can say that I was totally satisfied by the end of the night.   Things were noisy but we were in the mood to relax and have fun and the atmosphere was certainly condusive to doing just that.   The food may not have been particularly authentic compared to real Cajun/Creole food but it was completely satisfying and I was surprised that my drink was relatively inexpensive for its size and for a bar inside a restaraunt in the middle of the city.   While it can get expensive fast at Pappadeaux, the folks here definitely earn their money.  The live music on the patio was certainly a plus as well.
4	This place was excellent. I always go here when visiting Phoenix.  Best Seafood in town.
3	Been here a few times, the most recent of which was Wednesday evening for their annual crawfish broil (offered Wednesdays and Thursdays through March and April).  The seafood here is pretty fresh and service is usually top-notch.  I'm not a fan of crawfish, but my friends always rave about it, so I gave it a shot. I played it safe and ordered the 1 1/4 lb option ($7.95) while they ordered 2.5 lbs ($15.90).  I ate about four of the crawfish and sorry folks, still not a fan.  The seasoning was too spicy and salty.  I ate the corn and gave the rest of the crawfish away.  I'll stick to crab, lobster or shrimp  - more meat.I ordered the jumbo lump crab cake ($13.95) and shared an order of the P.E.I. mussels ($10.95). The crab cake was delicious - kudos to them for not skimping on the meat.  I was not a fan of mussels before Pappadeaux, but now I'm hooked and always order their P.E.I. mussels.  This place seems to always be packed, regardless of which day of the week it is.
3	Got the crawfish boil...yum!  Good spice mix, but I would have loved to have it spicier.  The oysters were mediocre, not the best quality.  I prefer Ocean Trail for my oysters.  It was super busy, luckily I got there at 5 and didn't have to wait.  I'd really only come here for the crawfish--everything else was average and not special.
5	Always great meal here.
1	First time and last...very dissapointed w service and food not good at all...guess that we are  not coming back. Joe's Crabs is.the best.
5	I'm not an expert on New Orleans seafood by any means, but the mixed seafood grill was very good.  Everything was cooked perfectly, which is quite a trick, especially with the variety of meats on the skewer.  I would have saved some for leftovers, but my hotel room doesn't have refrigerator or microwave :(The only thing I could have wished for is wild Pacific salmon instead of the Atlantic salmon, but I guess that would make it less authentic.I dined on the patio, so I didn't much of a feel for the ambience inside, but it did seem rather loud as I passed through the lobby...
4	Some think the term "It is what it is" is stupid. I think the saying " I hate fish that tastes fishy" is stupid. Especially when the person saying it  just happens to be the Summer's Eve poster child and coincidentally, your date for the evening.I've eaten here since they opened, trying everything on their menu at one time or another, even some things not on the menu. If you don't see the cedar planked salmon on the menu, ask for it. You'll never tell another soul how you don't like fishy fish again after eating this salmon...it's the most un-fishy-est, yet fishy-est fish fish dish you'll ever eat. If that makes any sense.You do however have your date to contend with afterwards. Or did you forget?Oh well.It is what it is.
4	Had some gator, pretty cool. Long wait to sit and the place is so busy that any messes are swept or kicked under the table. For my wife and I to eat, it cost $120 including tip.Cheesecake was awesome.
4	My wife & I went for dinner with some friends at Pappadeaux's.  The food was good.  We had fried alligator tail for a starter.  My wife had the softshell crabs.  I had the andouille sausage and seafood gumbo.  Both were very good.  The creme brulee we had afterwards was also wonderful.  For Arizona, I would call this good Cajun/Creole....however, nothing beats the French Quarter in New Orleans.
5	What a night! So I decided to treat myself to some lovely mudbugs aka crawfish during the annual crawfish boil that happens every March to April here at Pappadeaux's. I got in just in time to get a seat at the bar and get situated. The fantabulous Susan, Sarah and Colin took GREAT care of me all night. From Susan nudging me to get the bigger glass of beer (good call and it was an easy nudge) to all three of them checking in on me as I was devouring the 2.5 lbs of crawfish I had ordered. #teamgreedy in full effect!So between the fabulous bar staff and me meeting some new bar patrons, it was a great night. I chatted it up with about everyone and we even had some skinamax stuff going on at the end of the bar. Funny indeed. Oh and to top off my night, my entire dinner tab was paid for by the nice gentleman I had chatted it up with most of the evening. How very sweet and overly generous was that? ( No,no love connection or anything just a kind gesture with NO expectations!) Wow, talking about being blessed. I only have about two more weeks before the crawfish boil ends. So needless to say I will be back again the next two Thursdays to get my fix.
5	This is some good cajun!  First visit here.  I'd heard a lot about this place, but living in Gilbert it's not easy to get here.  Today we were within about 4 miles, so we went for it!Went with the family.  Between us we ordered the Cajun Combo (which was a blackened catfish and shrimp creole with dirty rice), Pasta Mardis Gras (which has andouille, crawfish, and grilled shrimp in a marinara over pasta), and a po boy and gumbo.  The po boy was good, the gumbo was very good.  And they were the least of the three orders!  The pasta and the combo were both outstanding!  Really flavorful and good!  Portion sizes were respectable.  We had to pack some of the food home.Service was a little weak.  A bit slow and inattentive.  Not really 'bad', but could have been better.  I'd take away maybe 1/2 star for it, at most.  But I can't bring myself to downgrade a whole star, so 5 it is.We'll definitely be coming back here when we can.  Best cajun/creole food we've found in the Valley so far.
4	Good food, very good actually- the oysters tasted like they were fresh and I usually eat them fresh off a boat.  The staff was a little odd with the check in, and I could do without the band, but the food was excellent.
5	I love this place. From gumbo, to crawfish I have never had anything bad here. The service is always stellar, I have had the pleasure to talk to some of the new waiters in training and it is intense apparently. They have to have the menus memorized backwards and forwards and be able to answer just about any question you can think of on the spot.However if I can give one piece of advise:Save room for dessert. Their dessert tray is to die for and they will bring it to your table so you can see everything on it and make your choice, then they will make you a fresh one of whatever you choose.Pros: Great for familiesGreat foodAmazing ServiceCon:Kinda expensive on the wallet
2	if you're looking for authentic cajun, this is not the place.  it's more like Joe's Crab Shack with a Louisiana theme.  overpriced food, the servers/bartenders are too busy to be attentive .  I ordered a special redfish dish (which was not cheap) and the redfish had either been frozen for a long time or, most likely, microwaved.  tis was the deal-breaker.  everything was decent until I got my entree but eating rubbery-textured redfish was not a great way to top off a meal.  I have spent some time in New Orleans and LOVE cajun food and this place does it no justice!  and for what you have to pay for the food, you can pretty much fly to N'Awlins and have the real deal.
4	It is only a short time in spring when crawfish are in season and on Wednesdays and Thursdays, this place flies them in fresh and offers them until they run out.  I am addicted to the mudbugs and have been to Pappadeauxs 5 times since mid March to get my fill of them.  The bartenders recognize me by now.  I have been going in every season for the past 4-5 years.  Usually I sit at the bar and find the service to be friendly and top notch.  I most often start with a half dozen raw oysters and then move on to the crawfish.  Oh, boy, are they good and go perfectly with an ice cold Shiner Bock draft!   Took my mom last week and we sat at the bar.  Had some mussels to start.  Very good again.  Even though this place is packed every time I go in, there never seems to be a break in the service quality.  I have also been in recently with a large group and sat in the dining room.  Fantastic meal.  We all had something different and everyone was pleased.  A little loud for my liking but that is to be expected when a place is as busy as this restaurant always seems to be.   Don't let the metro location scare you off.  Quality seafood and quality service.
1	First off... the smoking section is to open and close to the people waiting to be called for their tables... I don't mind this so much as i hate watching a stand-in hostess stuff her face with crackers while we wait 20 minutes (which turned in to longer, of course while people that got there after us went in before we did...) We get to our table and get the most lethargic and unresponsive waitress we could possibly get. Great we get our order in with no feedback or questions on how we want anything cooked or substitutes on sides or how we want our potatoes... absolutely unacceptable. Get our drinks and my SO's drink cup has a layer of grease film on the top of his Extremely watered down coke... yummy. Menus left on the table, extra silver on the table. Our waitress didn't even clear anything off and just let it all pile up. We ordered calamari and get this microwaved, freeze burn crap that tasted like rubber on some pieces and gushy  on others... gross. Look at the extra plate left on the other side of our already cluttered table and it had food flecks on it.... Absolutely disgusting. Will NEVER go back there again. bad bad bad.
5	For my 100th review, i choose Pappadeaux. The first time i was ever there , Saturday night.   Fantastic ,Wow we loved it!  Our server was Robert, he gets an A plus in customer service..We started with Water ,wine, Ice Tea, and my girl got coffee. He brought lemons and straws for our water, Brewed fresh coffee and kept my Ice Tea refilled the entire night.The meals were incredible. Our appetizer  was to die for.   The meals are huge ,we had to take it to go and we had enough for dinner on Sunday. Mediterranean Calamari was so good!  We did not like the Capers in it, but it also comes with fired artichoke!! Lobster Bisque, was probably the best i have ever had!  The Lobster,Crab, and Talapia were all very fresh. They say they have it flown in every day. I believe it because, it was as i said fantastic!    The decor is very good, dark wood, everything nice and big.   We cannot wait to come back here. Lots of Parking in the lot.
5	Excellent service and food           enjoyed live music on patio
3	Came here for mother's day! It was packed but the wait wasn't too bad and they had a band and drinks while you were waiting. We got Calamari for the app. It was your typical Calamari. My sister and I shared the Sampler Platter. It had Tilipia, Shrimp, and Chicken with fries. We got full pretty fast, and it was really good. I don't normally like seafood, but it was all fried and good. Dessert we shared the turtle brownie...It was a little dry and needed to be warmer. Our server was really outgoing and funny. It was super busy so it took her awhile to get to us, but she was a good waitress. Made us laugh quite a bit. I'd like to go back on a calmer day to see if the quality was lacking because of the Mother's Day rush.
5	Hands down the best Seafood and Cajun food in all of Phoenix and the surrounding cities! A must try!
5	I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! I try something new every time and they've never let me down! Everything from the fried alligator to the crawfish to the costa rican tilapia w/ lobster taste like a little piece of heaven!!
4	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Friday night with his parents for his birthday celebration.  I had heard it gets backed and that I should make a reservation.  Trying to ensure no annoyances with waiting, I made sure to call early in the afternoon to ask for a 6:00 pm reservation.  They don't take reservations during that time ... okay, that's fine, I understand BUT they will accept call-aheads and they will make sure your name is already on the waiting list before you get there.  Woo! that works! I call at 5:30 pm and let them know we will be half an hour.  Due to the fact they did not have a wait at that time, they would not take my name or party information.  When we got there at 6 pm, they had a wait.  I was decently annoyed but since it was only a 15-20 minute wait for our table, I wasn't overly annoyed.  We got our table, our server, and placed our order.  Sadly, there were multiple tables around us in and out before we even got our entrees.  There were several tables that ended up having three parties in and out before we were finally done.  That was a pretty big annoyance to say the least, especially since we were pretty hungry and we saw other tables getting served at a much more rapid pace!!!  The place does extremely well because the food is absolutely AMAZING.  The seafood gets flown in daily and not too many seafood places in Arizona can say the same thing.  Despite the waits we had to have to get seated and to finally get our food and then the wait for dessert, I still managed to embarass myself with the amount of amazing tasting food I devoured
2	It's a glorified and expensive Long John Silver's. Greasy fried seafood but 5 times the price.
2	Terrible service! Cold Mahi Mahi Alexander. Cold Andouille Sausage Gumbo. Cold hard bread. Server Renee B had zero personality, wasn't helpful, didn't bring silver wear until well after the meals were delivered. Never came back to check in us. If she did she would have learned that our food was cold and we didn't have silverware. I understand the place is super busy, but none of the other servers seemed to have a problem checking on their tables. I'm sorry, but there is just no excuse for bad customer service.And what kind of manager doesn't acknowledge when a mistake by his staff or kitchen has been made? Not even an apology? Shame on you Philip! I came from Cali to patronize your establishment and this is how you treat your customers? Not sure I'd return.
4	Great food love it
5	I went there last Saturday right after my 6 hours intense exam, it's a long drive from Mesa.  The waiter was very nice and helpful, I got seated right away without waiting, it's weekend, so the restaurant was very crowded. I ordered a crawfish platter, which I have been missing for quite a long time and Pappadeaux seems the first decent seafood restaurant I found that serve crawfish.  Both the service and the food were excellent.  I just feel the sauce was a bit spicy for me, should have told waiter to make it less spicy.  I also like the environment outside the restaurant, very pretty view~   I would definitely go back and try some more dishes if I am in Phoenix area next time and feel ok with long drive.
4	This place is pretty consistent.  But let me warn you, everything seems to come in EXTRA LARGE portions.  I guess that's kinda standard in AZ.  Everywhere I've been, everything seems super-sized.  It's a bit much and overwhelming in terms of their portions. Service/Atmosphere: Went there after I landed Friday night.  The place was not crazy packed like I remember when I went there on a weekend...usually there was a wait.  The main room was very loud and a table in the back room was much quieter.  Service is on point and they are really nice and attentive in terms of refills and such. Food: -Blue Point Oysters - didn't quite taste like blue point and kinda larger than I expected, but of course, still fresh and tasty!  Not as sweet as I think blue points should be.-Texas Redfish Pontchartrain topped with a savory crab and shrimp in a brown butter wine sauce over dirty rice.  The portion was enormous.  The fish lacked taste and it was only saved because of the sauce.  The dirty rice was awesome.-Lobster in a Pot - it's a mix of lobster, corn, sausage, onions, and potato.  The broth was tasty and the lobster was tender and not overcooked.  -Sampler dessert trio - I wasn't much of a fan, but the creme brulee was ok.  Overall:I've always enjoyed this place and the food is consistent and I've always had good service when I come here, although my friend has experienced both.  It's a redo for me here.
4	This is my hubby's go to place for seafood.  Love the fresh oysters and fish. Service for the most part is pretty good...it can be spotty in the dining room.  Food is consistently great every time.
5	We drive by this place every day on the way home from work. One Friday night we decided we would have dinner here. Upon walking in, I absolutely fell in love with the patio. They had music going and the atmosphere was amazing. We were seated before the rush kicked in. Our waiter was SO nice! We told him we had never been there and he was very attentive and helpful. He suggested we try to fried alligator for an appetizer, we both hesitated because we had never had alligator. But it was a go big or go home type of night so we decided to try it! Oddly enough we both LOVED It! My boyfriend had a fish dish and I had lobster with shrimp dish. I had never ate lobster and did not like it, but that's just my own review of the lobster NOT of the restaurant. We will definitely be going back!The only downside to it is the price, although for both of us our bill was about $120.00, we will definitely be going back. Next time we may not order as much food though.
2	This 2 stars is extremely generous. Wanna know why? Read on.My party of 7 and a baby got to Pappadeux's around 6:30. We were told that it would be a 30-minute wait. It ended up being more than an hour. We were standing right in front of the hostess station, yet no one ever came to give us updates on how long it would be for our table. We would go check about every 20 or so minutes. One time we were told that our table was ready. When we went to check on it after about 20 minutes we were told that they were waiting on a busboy to clean it. A few minutes later they were still waiting on a busboy. In what universe does it take a restaurant 30 minutes to find a busboy to clean a table? We watched group after group after group get seated. A group of 7 that came after us was seated before us. We ended up being sat next to them; by the time we were getting our menus, they were finishing up their meals.Once we were finally seated, we waited almost 10 minutes before someone came to our table to introduce himself as our waiter. When he asked how we were doing, we kindly told him that we were a little frustrated because it had taken more than twice as long as we were told, and we had been told twice that they were waiting on a busboy to clean the table. The waiter said that it was a busy night and said that he didn't get paid to deal with unhappy customers. He asked, "So are you gonna do this or what?" WHAT?! It was so rude - I don't know how he meant it, but it came across as sounding extremely annoyed. We were appalled and my boyfriend asked to speak to a manager.The manager came over and spoke with my boyfriend. Not sure what was said, but after that things got much better. The manager brought us an appetizer plate on the house. Our food ended up being really good - including the alligator. I got shrimp etoufee, and it was great. The gumbo wasn't so fabulous. Overall, everyone was satisfied with their meal. We got three different drinks, and they basically tasted the same: like cherry Nyquil.The food was good, but it's not always about the food. The service was horrible. Don't think I'd ever go there again. There are too many other places with great food and equally great service.
2	We went here for father's day. The place wasn't too busy when we arrived, about a 20 minute wait so we took seats at the bar which was open. It was nice to see that the bar offered full service and had the wait been longer we might have entertained the though of sitting at the bar but there is limited space and we weren't sure how big the servings were, the plates, etc. So we grabbed a few beers and waited. They do have Turbodog on tap which I had never heard of before then. The bartender offered me a sample and I really enjoyed it. We weren't up at the bar long and our pager went off. We had to cash out there which is customary and we headed to our seat.Our waitress was very friendly. We already had beers so she didn't need to get us drinks and we already knew what we wanted for appetizers so we ordered right away the and appetizers came out pretty quickly. We had the oysters Baton Rouge were fantastic to be honest with you. No complaints at all there. For our main dishes I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Brochette and Brandi ordered the Crawfish Platter which includes fried crawfish and crawfish etouffee. Each dish was 23.95 and neither dish was worth it. The jumbo shrimp was flavorless. All you could taste was the bacon. You could have served me straight bacon for 5 bucks and it would have tasted the same. The jalapeno rice that came with it was good though. the fried portion of the crawfish platter was plentiful and very good but the etouffee was bland. On top of that we never got any bread until the meal came out and here's the kicker on that. It took an HOUR for the meal to come out. Keep in mind they weren't even really that busy. We had 3 tables sit down around us afterwards and all three got their food before us. And the thing is the waitress was oblivious. We had to track her down in order to inquire about our food. I feel it is part of her responsibility to know that we are sitting there for an hour without food. She said she would get a manager right on it. and when we did get the food it was brought by a manager to us but he never once acknowledged us or said he was sorry for the wait or anything. Didn't ask if we needed anything else either. Came, dropped our food off and split. To be honest with you I expected the food to be cold as if it was sitting somewhere forgotten about but it wasn't. Seemed fresh which makes me think the order never was put in and when it was they made it immediately. For me to go to a place to eat and drop 100 bucks I expect better food than what I got and I definitely expect better service. I was extremely disappointed in this visit.
5	Every time I go to Pappadeaux  I get the item on the Appetizer menu, Large order of Fried Alligator.  I always ask that I get half Fried and half Blackened Cajun.  Take a piece dip it in that AMAZING sauce that it comes with and be prepared to know what HEAVEN IS LIKE!!!  I just LOVE this dish so much that I get it at least once a month if not more. And anytime I go to a Pappadeaux's Resturant I get this dish.  ITS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
5	this place is the best havnt had this kind of food in cali and the prices was fair,i really enjoyed the food and believe me im a very hard person to please thumbs up pappadeaux,please bring one to cali
4	This was my second time eating at Pappadeaux and I have to say that I was equally impressed as the first time.  The service was excellent both times and the food is pretty good too!  I had the Shrimp Etouffe the first time and it was an excellent choice and the second time I had the fried shrimp with a side of the Seafood Gumbo.  I really liked the fried shrimp but didn't really care for the Seafood Gumbo, it just totally fell below my expectations (it was chunky and bland) but I was so impressed with the rest of my food that it didn't take away from my overall experience.  We also had the Crab Spinach Dip...yummy!!
4	If you want Cajun food in Arizona, this is the place to go. If you want Oysters (remember, in season in months with an "R" in them) this is the best place in the valley to get them! If you want a giant hurricane with a skewer of fruit sitting on top, this is the place for that as well! What can I say, I love an alcoholic slushy!My personal favorites are the Pappas greek salad, the gumbo and the crawfish etoufee. You'll pay a fair bit, but you'll never leave Pappadeaux hungry or unimpressed!
5	Oh Papadeaux, you are one of my most f-a-v-o-r-i-t-e places to go enjoy a lovely, fresh and deliciously flavorful creole or Cajun seafood meal. I love the ambiance of this place as it truly feels like I'm back again in NOLA. I don't even mind waiting 30 or so minutes to be seated while live blues music serenades me in preparation for those addictive flavors to come. The sights, the smells, the sounds, the service and most importantly the flavors, Papadeaux consistently delivers the entire package. I most certainly will return again and again!
4	I've come here multiple times and each and every time I HAVE to get the alligator.I love almost everything on the menu. It's all worth trying. Just watch the deep fried platters...there is such a thing as too much deep fried food on one plate. It can tend to get a bit overwhelming.I think my only complaint is that the service always kinda seems a little slow and the prices are a bit much. I mean, I understand that seafood prices can be a bit much but they seem to seriously jack up the prices at this place.I love the little dessert tray they have to show you what they have on the dessert menu that night. I'm a visual type of person and it's just so helpful. They're desserts are really good too so if you can manage to leave room for them, I suggest you try something.
4	Pappadeaux has been my go to ever since I moved here.  I remember spending a night at their bar watching Kim blow the D-Back's lead in the World Series while eating some fried alligator.  Since then I have learned to appreciate food more and have become quite fond of Pappadeaux, especially during happy hour.  Pappadeaux's has never let me down in regards to food.  When you sit at the bar the service is sometimes, more often then not, lacking (hence the reason for only four stars).  You can't go wrong with the Oysters, and their Po' Boys are on point.  If you are there for dinner anything you order is sure to please, but maybe try the seafood platter.  Pretty sure we have sampled most of the menu, which does change.  If you have never had Alligator, try it!!  I can go on and on, but again I don't remember a menu item I did not like or would not recommend.  Me not being a dessert fan it is hard, but I would recommend the key lime pie.Pappadeaux's you are a treat, thank you for the fresh product and refreshing drink.
5	all the way from cali,had to have this place oh how i love the food great place icant lie i love there food
4	This place is a little more fancy than I expected....decor and atmosphere-wise...I thought it would be plain and simple like Red Lobster but actually the place has a very southern homey feeling to it.....although a seafood place they had like deer heads hanging and other sorts of weird decor.  Came here for dinner yesterday night with my bf and his apartment-mate...we got a table right away but even for a weekday they were still half a full house. The first thing I saw on their menu was the Crispy Alligator appetizer. ALLIGATOR! ooooh but then I wanted to try their oyster appetizers cause they sound good too....ahhhhhh their menu is full of yummy choices! It was difficult deciding what I wanted to get...but after much debate....my bf and I decided to order the Oyster Duo appetizer and share the Pappadeaux Platter -- which is an amazing sample platter of all the fried variety they offer on the fried seafood section of their menu. So the Oysters Duo -- comes with 3 oysters on half shell baked with a parmesan romano cheese sauce and 3 oysters on half shell topped with crabmeat, spinach and drizzled with Hollandaise sauce. -- oooh they were both delicious however I recommend the later one more just cause it's very unique to this restaurant. I got to also try a few pieces of the Crispy Fried Alligator from our friend's Appetizer Trio Platter - It was pretty good actually tastes like chicken...but surprisingly more tender - I was thinking alligator meat would be tough and rough but not at all....I wouldn't have known it's alligator meat if you didn't tell me. But now I can say I have had alligator meat!The Pappadeaux Platter was pretty good - everything is well  -- fried! However I like the blue crab cake the most, the mini fried crawfish (kind of like popcorn shrimp) is second best however I have to say that the fried Tilapia was a disappointment because it was sadly bland and really dry...it was the only thing I didn't like on the platter. but everything else was good. - - I even tried their watermelon lemonade and it was super refreshing!I was really excited for dessert cause I saw them carrying around a platter of sample of the desserts that they have...so when we were ready for dessert I was excited to see the dessert platter - unfortunately there was nothing on the dessert platter I wanted because they all looked really rich and sweet....such as their sweet potato pecan pie, key lime pie, praline cheesecake, praline bread pudding souffle or turtle fudge brownie was just too much even for the eyes..lol They were also massive in portions so I decided not to have any. The service was really good, our waitress was pretty quick and friendly. Overall I enjoyed the most of the food (except the fried tilapia) and the service is good so it earned it's four stars. :)
4	Experienced happy hour for the first time.  Amazing food and drink for cheap prices.  Only downer the bar tender.  It was a pasted on smile.  I will return and take people with me.
5	This place had some seriously amazing Louisiana style sea food dishes.  Too bad i showed up off-season for craw fish, but other than that, it was total class.  They seated me and my friend in the corner but we end up having a great view of the place, and seemed a bit more intimate that way. This also gave us a great view of the outside seating area to people watch as well.The food itself was very rich and delicious.  I don't remember the name of the dish but it featured baked oysters.  Every bite was delicious.I am definitely coming back there if I am looking for a nice seat down in the West Valley.
5	This place is amazing!!! Unbelievable how fresh the seafood is, especially since it's located in Arizona. Took my hubby here for his bday and the atmosphere was perfect! Awesome cocktails as well! They just need to get rid of all the soliciters out front.
4	I CRAVE their etouffee, their lobster bisque, and this amazing seafood dip with tons of cheese and cream and delicious garlic baguette. OH man, I'm making myself hungry right now!  It's sooo nice to have a great N'awwluns restaurant in north Phoenix. Go early to get a seat for happy hour or plan on standing around!!! They will steam your oysters if your boyfriend wants them that way and they will give you samples of different drinks if you can't make up your mind about what you want.  They have great happy hour specials!  The music is great, too.  I go there for my birthday every year, it's a great tradition that I love and transports you out of the desert (which a former friend who shall remain nameless once described as a "godforsaken wasteland" what a jerk) to the decadent, delightful, deep south. I've been going there for 5 plus years now and the servers are very professional and attentive. It's a fun, different, and top notch dining experience. Wear something elastic or that allows you to loosen the belt, ha ha.
5	Amazing food. I've tried almost everything on the menu from the gumbo to the alligator and this place doesn't ever fall short. Definitely try it if you haven't already!
5	First heard of this restaurant in Houston a few weeks ago.  Absolutely perfect.  Almost too good.  Found out there was one in Phoenix, AZ, where I live.  Tried it, expecting it not to be as good, since the Gulf is well known for its seafood, and Phoenix is not.  We received the exact level of quality in food and service.  Highly recommend this Restaurant
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my recent date night at Pappadeaux.  The Hubs and I have been dying to try this place out thanks to all these amazing reviews on yelp and boy are they right.  The place was packed on a Saturday night at 5pm, which is a good indication one is in for a treat.  We made a reservation just in case, since we were going to see a show later that night.  Our waiter greeted us quickly and was very friendly and upbeat.  He told us the specials and took our drink order while we looked over the huge menu.In the end we got the lobster roll appetizer, halibut, and bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was soooo... good and very filling.  The lobster appetizer was full of flavor, especially the sauce it came with.  The halibut was cooked perfectly and the grits on the side were amazing.  We loved the bread pudding, which was HUGE for the price.  I wish there weren't as many raisins, but all in all it was great.So glad to have found this place!  I know it's a chain, which I usually don't love, but the old-school vibe and good quality/quantity of food made up for that.  We'll be back for sure!
4	Best seafood in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is like dining in a little home restaurant.  The service is above average.  The food is to die for!  Rich and spicy cajun style cooking with delicious sauces.  When you order shrimp or oyster appetizers, you get big bivalves or shrimp.  Everything tastes fresh.  This is a favorite to take the wife for a nice evening out.
2	Ok. Nice entrance. Needs to have an ambiance update! Someone call Gordon Ramsey STAT. Established in 1986, and every bit of carpet and mirrored walls to prove it. Food, Lobster bisque was good. Seems more of a place for drinks though. The waitress messed up our order, so we weren't too impressed. A bit pricey too. Not going to go back.
4	Hey now, you can't go wrong with Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen and their friendly staff.Even thought some of their items are overpriced I love coming here once or twice a year.Not the best seafood place in town but still better than  most!!!Worth the visit and $100 for a party of two.Enjoy!!
5	If you like seafood this is a must place to eat when your in Arizona going back before I leave here We ate well  and you won't break the bank Dang this shit is Real Good
1	The service sucked!! We had a party of 20 and we didn't get our food till 2 hours later...I got my food 5 minutes after everyone in my party was done!!  Seriously you really need to have a talk with your staff!!!!  i work in a restaurant...serving the customers their food on a timely manner and not forgetting orders is very important!!
5	We went to Pappadeaux's for the first time tonight and it was seriously amazing. My wife and I started with the Oysters Pappadeaux they were very good. It was our first time trying any kind of baked oyster, we like the raw ones better for sure. We also had the greek salad with lump crab. Oh wow that was good. My wife had the Halibut Picata for dinner and I had the Snapper with Live Maine Lobster. The fish was cooked perfectly and the respective sauces were rich and citrusy balanced to perfection. The sides were great as well. For dessert we had the Strawberry Cheesecake and the Carrot Cake Cheesecake. Both were very good.The staff was freindly and engaging. Our waitress was very helpful and knew alot about the menu. We always ask our first time at a new place and she was very very good. This place is all class, the food is delicous and the staff is fantastic. I highly reccomend this place when you're in the mood for seafood.
4	Ahi tuna appetizer was delicious as were the cocktails. Our waitress was very friendly. Dinner portions are huge, even split are more than enough for two people. Will definitely be back.
1	Service was horrid!  When a party calls with a reservation and you confirm said reservation they should not be told to either sit outside or wait for an additional thirty minutes before being seated.  (This is after a 20 minute wait past the reservation already.)  All food was either overcooked or undercooked.  Some meals were not even brought out until after other party members had already fisnished.  Trying to flag down a waiter for a refill on a water was nearly impossiable.  I realize that it is not the wait staff's fault but rather poor management.  In the future I will stick to a less pricey better tasting cajun option.
4	Met our daughter to celebrate my wife's birthday. Coming from FH was about an hour and the traffic was congested but we made it on time, 6 PM on a Friday. As we walked to our table, I noticed that this place was packed. Our server, Audrey, was right on top of things. She greeted us, asked if this was our first time and told us about the specials. She made us feel like we were invited to her house. We started off with a small order of alligator which my wife and daughter have never tried. I told them it was like a very tender chicken nugget. They loved it., especially the bed of fried potatoe shavings.I loved the lettuce wedge and it's just as large as the one at Cheesecake Factory.My daughter ordered the Crispy Fried Shrimp. My wife had the Live Maine Lobster and I ordered the Cedar Plank Alaskan Salmon.The shrimp dish had butterflied shrimp with french fries and the main lobster was enjoyed, but I think I would have preferred the Caribbean lobster because the meat would be much firmer. My salmon was cooked just right, it only came with the asparagus which was nice and plump. I brought half of my dinner home.We finished off the dinner with a Key Lime pie which was delicious. Our server had a keen eye. She automatically assumed that it was a birthday dinner, because she saw my wife reading a birthday card and opening her present from my daughter, and comp'd the desert.Audrey made our evening enjoyable and when we go back, we'll ask for her.
5	We left town early enough to make it here before closing.  It's our favorite place for fresh fish.  Every time we come, regardless of the season, the food is always top notch.  The service is just as good as the food and tonight was no exception. For months we have been waiting for this trip, knowing we would be eating here made the planning even more exciting, and we finally got our most favorite desert, the carrot cake cheesecake.  We had tried this a long time ago and been waiting for it to come back on the menu and we were lucky enough tonight.   We love this place so much, we always end up buying gift cards for family members to enjoy it too!
5	This place changed my wife's views about seafood. When we first met she was not a big fan of seafood till Pappadeux took her mind to a new dimension. Must try items* Seafood Gumbo* Shrimp Etouffee With white rice* Atlantic Salmon Yvette* Tilapia LafayettePappadeux is a winning at all times wish there was more locations in phoenix
5	I've never had a bad experience at Pappadeauxs. I've been here at least a dozen times and have to say that the food and service is always outstanding. There are so many delicious looking items on the menu that it is tough to decide what to order sometimes.      I'm combining experiences here. I recently drove 200 miles round trip to have lunch here. My waitress/bartender Erin was awesome.     Appetizers... alligator is unbelievable. I always ask for it blackened instead of fried... sooo good. Shrimp and Crawfish fondeaux is sooo good yet so bad if you're on a diet. Don't miss out on the oyster duo.. cooked 2 ways. Mediterranean calamari is great, also crab cakes, oysters on the half shell...you get the point.     This place feels cajun and gets you in the mood with its ambience. Fresh fish, great food, service and generous portions are what Pappadeauxs is all about. You won't be dissapointed.
5	Yummy...Seafood.. This place has both seafood from the west coast and east coast..I love their selections.. Their shrimp and lobster salad looked succulent and their Cajun gumbo was to die for..  This is the real deal if you want to eat a seafood restaurant.. Hands down one of the best seafood restaurants I have been too in a long time...Wonderful very bright atmosphere makes you feel like your on island in the middle of the desert...hehe
5	Date night...Blackened Fish with Alexander Sauce!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix by far!Pappadeaux makes awesome cajun food. Cajun is one of my favorite styles of food because it is a way of getting food that is spicy and/or seafood and/or covered in butter.My favorite dish is the mediterranean calamari.  This calamari is fried with artichokes, then topped with feta, capers and tomatoes.  Finally, it is drizzled in butter.  There is clearly a greek influence in this dish, which is another one of my favorite types of cuisine.  I have frequented this place enough to fall in love with several other appetizers as well: the lump crab and spinach dip, the shrimp and crawfish fondeaux, the jumbo lump crab cakes and the lobster bisque are all delicious!  For an entree I would recommend the soft shell crab or the lobster tail.  If these are out of your price range, just get a bunch of appetizers and save room for dessert!  The seafood here is the freshest that one can hope for in Arizona, so I personally think it is worth splurging a little.  Their cocktails are great!  If you get any of the blended ones, be careful!  They are so tasty, you may not notice how strong they are!  I like the frozen margarita and the swamp thing.Last, but certainly not least, you will undoubtedly be tempted by the deserts here.   This is not only because they have a dessert tray but because they are southern comfort classics.  I am addicted to the banana bread pudding, the key lime pie and all of the different styles of cheesecakes.  They have a few staple items which are always on the tray and they have seasonal selections as well.I love the atmosphere here.  It has dim, romantic lighting.  It can get loud at times especially when they have live cajun music.  The service is great here, most of the time.  Once or twice it has been a bit slow, but because of how great the food is, I will always come back for more!
5	What can I say, oysters are the bomb here, and the deserts are top notch, my favorites are the key lime pie and tried a new one called pumpkin cheesecake - delicous!
5	First time here and it was great! Server (Matt) was very knowledgeable and helpful. We had crab and blackened mahi, both were great. Also never had to ask for a refill, my iced tea was always full!
4	What an interesting concept...Seafood in the desert.Nevertheless, it was very good and probably the best meal that I had in Phoenix.The things that we ordered:1. Oysters2. Gumbo3. Ahi Tuna4. Fried Alligator 5. CalamariThe food was delicious. Although I was hesitant, the alligator was quite delightful - It was surprisingly flavorful and tender.  The servers were very accommodating and it was an great atmosphere.I'd definitely come back here.
5	I've wanted to try this place out for a while but never did because it's a bit of a drive from the East Valley. But, I had the opportunity to dine here tonight with my boyfriend for a nice dinner out. Since it's a Friday night, we did have to wait but decided a nice drink at the bar would be a good idea. The bar is pretty big and the bartenders are very friendly. Full service bar too so if you don't want to wait, that's an option. The couple we sat next to are regulars of the restaurant and raved about the food before we even sat down to eat. The restaurant itself is very vibrant and nice. The decor is a little outdated but still comfortable. You can dress up or be casual.When we got our table, we were greeted by a friendly waitress. We were immediately served bread and continued to have great service throughout the night. If our waitress didn't get to us, there were many other staff available to get drinks, napkins, bring out food, etc. When I asked to sample the gumbo, they were more than happy to bring out a sample. It tasted great with the bread! I decided to eat light and went with the mussles whereas my boyfriend ate the mahi alexander. He loved it! Big portions but also a big price tag. For good seafood, this place is amazing. They also have a nice outdoor patio and on a nice night, it's nice to sit out and eat. They also have a live band on the weekends too. Overall, this place is great and will definitely return!
5	We walked in and were completely impressed by the ambiance and the overall look of the entire place.  We stared with the shrimp cocktail - which had Fresh gulf shrimp, chunky avocados & pico de gallo in a spicy cocktail sauce.  I can say, this was the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had.  We also split a ceasar salad which was perfect.  For dinner, I had the Mahi blackened over dirty rice .  The fish was fresh and spicy - all their fish is flown in daily.  My date had the Pasta Mardi Gra - Linguine tossed with crawfish, andouille sausage & crimini mushrooms in a marinara cream sauce topped with jumbo grilled shrimp. . .  This dish was quite spectacular... We thought we were in New Orleans...  For desert, we had NY Cheesecake - with fresh strawberries in a sauce - topped with fresh whipped cream - I can't think of any cheese cake I have ever had that was better than this...  The desert plate they bring to the table has all the deserts on there - they all looked amazing- quite a difficult choice... WOW - the entire dinner was perfect!  AND on top of it all, our service was top notch.  SAM was excellent - he talked with us and explained the items we had questions on, cleaned the table in between courses, and gave us fresh silver ware - along with always keeping our drinks full.  And he had a great attitude - he acted like he wanted to make our dinner very special.  The manager came and talked with us also, and thanked us for coming in.  Quite impressive.  This was one of the most memorable dinners we have had, from the time we walked in the door until we walked out.  We were completely impressed with Pappadeaux - and can't wait until we return.  If I could give it 10 stars, I would, it is worth it.
5	First time diners at this great restaurant and have nothing but great things to say! My hubby and I celebrated our 18th wedding anniversary Saturday night and after asking friends where we should go, most suggested Pappadeaux. Of course when I called for reservations, the time I wanted was fully booked. However the hostess suggested I call 15 minutes before getting there to be put on the wait list (which was a 30 min wait)... Did what she suggested and after checking in, getting the pager, only had to wait another 5 mins! Driving almost 30 mins to get there ... This was awesome! LOLWe had two waiters (I think one was training or was paired with our main waiter) were wonderful. The one who greeted us, took our drink orders cleared our plates after each course and filled our water glasses was so welcoming. (I have to say, while we were being seated, we crossed paths with a few wait staff and all said " welcome to Pappadeaux".)  Our main waiter, Sam, was THE BEST. I asked him what he liked and he recommended the Mahi Alexander... Which I ordered!  My husband ordered the filet and lobster combo. Everything was cooked to perfection. The steak was so tender, the lobster was so buttery and tasty and my Mahi Mahi was paired perfectly with the dirty rice and the creamy crawfish.  YUMMMMMY!!!!Of course, we couldn't finish everything ... Oh, and the baked oysters were soooo good! We ordered the Oyster Duo for our appetizer ... We also order the banana bread pudding for dessert... Also good! Our girl waiter took our dessert order and asked if we were celebrating anything special and after telling her it was our anniversary, our dessert came with a note written in strawberry jam "happy 18th wedding anniversary" Couldn't finish it all either but was able to take it home in the mason jar it came in. :) What a great impression this place gave us! From the gorgeous courtyard with the fountain and live band outside, to the well trained wait staff (BRAVO TO THE CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER!) and of course to the EXCELLENT food! We will definitely be coming here again ... And not just for special occasions.
1	Thanks for making my birthday dinner horrible! First, I would like to say that our waitress was courteous and very nice, but the food tonight was inedible! My hubby took me here for my birthday dinner, it was my favorite place and we have been coming here for 8 years. I ordered the lobster bisque and he ordered the clam chowder. Both soups were very very salty, but I was ok with that and ate half my soup. For the main course, he ordered the blackened catfish and I got the sea bass. My hubby took one bite of the fish and knew it was bad. I took a bite and yes it was very bad, not just bad in taste, but it tasted rank/sour. My sea bass was good, but what made me mad was that we told the waitress and she said she would have the manager come over and talk to us...... We waited and waited.... I ate my dinner alone while my hubby had nothing....... Finally the waitress came over and after two glasses of liquid courage, I gave her a piece of my mind. Evidently, that brought the manager over. My hubby didn't want to risk another choice from the menu and I was finished eating. They comped our meal, but that didn't make my birthday any better.... And Pappadeaux, no need to respond to my review because no apology is going to be good enough to have me dine in your establishment again.
3	As in all reviews, this review only reveals the observations of quality and conditions related to the dated visit. Observations may not be a full reflection of the establishments' day to day business, but comments should be taken into serious consideration when evaluating a business's ability to perform consistently which is paramount.The food the service and the atmosphere are great. They tend to go a little heavy on the dirty rice but other than that I can't complain.
5	Anniversary Dinner was fantastic!  First time there, I had the sea bass my husband had lobster. We also shared a ceasar salad, gumbo, and smoked salmon. I know it was way too much to eat but so delicious! Our server was Marlin and he was so friendly and informative. Really enjoyed it only complaint was I wish there was some seating a little more private, it was kind of noisy but tha'ts the only complaint I had. We will definately be going back, I never thought I liked salmon but that appetizer was so good I want to try the salmon for dinner. It is a bit pricey, but you do get what you pay for.
5	EVERYTHING I have had here is amazing. I'm just going to make this review short and sweet. GO THERE. It's worth the wait. Always busy, but fun atmosphere and you will love the appetizers, entrees and desserts. AND the drinks. Only place I will make the drive to from Gilbert. I heard people travel from different states to come here! I get it now! ;)
4	$6 for a dozen Texas Gulf oysters Mon-Thur.  We ordered 8.Waitress was slick and upsold us on alligator, which contrary to popular belief, does not taste like chicken.  Get the spinach dip with real crab meat - it's fantastic.
5	My family and I always go to the Pappadeaux in Albuquerque so when we saw this one off the freeway we knew we HAD to stop for dinner.We had a big group when we went but it really wasn't a problem for this place because it's such a large restaurant. The menu is extensive and heavy on the seafood which is awesome since it is delicious! We always get the fried alligator appetizer which is SO GOOD! I know it sounds gross but where the heck are you ever going to find ALLIGATOR?! Try it, especially with the sauce... YEAH! We have also tried the oysters on the half shell (great) and the fried oysters with fries (yum!)For dinner I like to get the pasta mardi gras which is linguine with shrimp and sausage in a creamy marinara sauce. It has a bit of a kick to it which I like but the portion is really big so it's best to share. Crawfish etouffee is great and is a favorite of my dad. We have had the king crab as well which is yummy but can be hard to crack the shells and take apart. The filet mignon oscar was good but a little light on the crab meat that is on top of the steak. This place can get quite loud so be careful! Also can be a bit pricey but I believe the cost is less if you go for lunch.
5	Bring more Pappas restaurants here! Being displaced Houstonians (where Pappa's corporate office is based), we were so happy to see that our new home had a Pappadeaux within driving distance. The food is not as good as it is back home, but much better than anything else Phoenix has to offer. I love it all. The flavored teas/lemonades, sourdough bread, soft butter, seafood, etc.
1	Very poor service.  Went in for late afternoon lunch (3:00) and the restaurant was less than half full but looked like a good number of servers working.  We were sat at a table and there we sat for 10 minutes without ever being acknowledged by any of the servers that walked by our table - after 10 min we walked out.   Good service isn't hard people - it's not rocket science.
2	We went to this restaurant last night and noticed that the prices have gone way up, so I had settled for expensive plate of simple chicken when my husband and I noticed that a small roach-like bug was crawling up the wall behind us. We were seated just on the other side of the kitchen, right below the window to look inside of it. We told our server who got the manager. He said "oh it's just a stink bug" and grabbed it with a tissue and threw it away. We asked for a new table and he went to find a new one. While he was gone (about 3 minutes) another critter started crawling up the wall and went right under the wood by the window into the kitchen area. At that point we just left. It was really disgusting. We have always loved their food, but I think it's going to be a very long time before we can go back there and we will not recommend this place to anybody again.
5	The BEST seafood every time we go and great service too!!! We had the best lobster we have ever had !!! The fried alligator with that dip is amazing !!
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Especially when they have crawfish or oysters on special. It is pretty expensive but nice for a treat when you feel like good seafood.
5	Ate here tonight! This is a really nice, spacious restaurant with an outdoor area that had live music tonight. We ate indoors though, and the decor and general ambiance was really nice. Not so uptight as to make you feel uncomfortable to eat with your family, but certainly befitting the price range and quality.I have a few minor quibbles that would make this more of a 4.5 star review, but I thought I'd round up since they're so insignificant.To begin with, the food and beverages were good! I had the Strawberry Tea and my mom had the Mango Lemonade, and they were both flavorful without tasting artificial. No review on the alcoholic drinks, unfortunately. The meals were VERY generously sized (Seriously, we all took home enough to have a second and possibly third meal tomorrow) and good... for the most part. The fried crabfinger dinner was a bit salty and the lobster bisque might not be for everyone. The clam chowder and pasta mardi gras were amazing though. Also, beware the dirty rice--the taste really lives up to the name, and you may not be prepared for it. My mom, thinking it was just a clever name for a rice pilaf, certainly wasn't.Service was great! Our waiter was very ninja-like, suddenly reappearing with refills. He was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. Our only issue was that at one point, as we were at the end of our meal, he seemed to disappear completely. We wanted to get our plates boxed and our check paid, and that took much longer than we expected. Still, it wasn't exactly a hassle waiting for him to show up and I'm sure we could have been more proactive about getting the bill if we had really been in a rush.In short, a great place to dine if you don't mind spending a bit of money. Considering this is seafood and they give you huge plates, I think the cost is definitely worth it, but don't be surprised to see those $20-$30+ entrees.
4	We have been to Pappadeaux restaurants before, in other cities, and have always enjoyed the experience.  This location was no exception.  Friendly, attentive service.  Great selection of seafood dishes and Cajun style entrees.  Mixed drinks were flavorful.  A bit pricey, but portions are very generous -- we went home with leftovers. Nice desserts that we took home with us.  Great experience.
5	Loved everything! We ate there because my Mother-in-Law got a tip from her friend that they had an Oyster deal that couldn't be beat! Dad hadn't had Oysters on the half shell in many years.The place is very large, dimly lit and was busy busy busy! But I think they have a lot of experience with handling the crowds. I would have preferred a quieter restaurant, but the food quality was worth the inconvenience of barely being able to carry on a conversation without yelling. We had appetizers (alligator was good!) and a good meal  -Costa Rican Tilapia LaFayette. OH man! the food was excellent. I would definitely go again in spite of the noise and crowd... I understand why the crowd!
5	I Luv this place! I am from NOLA...we go many times if we want to take the drive into the city and have never had one bad meal there!  The bread is so good and I have to have the Beefsteak tomato with blue cheese!   The pasta is great and we loved the fried alligator!  We have gone for lunch and dinner many times and have always left full, satisfied, and always brought some home for later!
5	Love...love...LOVE this place. And I think I'm hearing life music, what a treat. The fried alligator is the most.
1	Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater. The shrimp on skewer was over cooked with no flavor and the Caribbean lobster tail had no favor what so ever. first time there and might just be the last.
5	Seafood are soooo fresh specially the oysters. I'm a seafood lover & it's my 1st time eating in Pappadeaux & I'm definitely gonna come back. Service is great as well.
5	Now I'm not a huge seafood fan so coming here at first I was totally not feeling it. I didn't want to spoil the night for everyone else so i made due. I ended up ordering the Mahi fish with rice.....It was freakin ridiculously good. The seasoning and flavor was so intense in a good way. I really didn't want the meal to end. I am a fan now, hope to cone here again!
5	My fiancee and I ate here and we enjoyed the aura and ambiance of the place. The Shrimp Brochette is to die for!
4	My Favorite in DallasThis is my favorite restaurant to visit when I'm in Dallas.  I haven't made that trip in awhile, so was eager to come to this one.  The building layout is the same and the food is just as good.  Be ready to pay some $$ as it is not cheap.  $90 for two people.
5	First time we had ever been to Pappadeaux's.  My husband had the fried platter.  The badder was light and did not weigh you down or over power the food.  I had the Salmon salad.  Best salmon I've ever had!  My mother in law had mauhi over some type of mash.  All the food was fantastic!!  So we shared the bread pudding for dessert.  Best dessert I've ever had!  The server, Joe was also fabulous!  The whole experience is what gives this place 5 stars!  From start to finish, it was amazing!  It's a little higher priced, but definately worth it!  Upscale dining for sure!  Can't wait to go back!
5	All I can say about this place is that it is amazing.
1	Very, very disappointed. Dined on 2/10/13. Food was overcooked and served luke warm.  When we asked to have a few items served hotter, server seemed annoyed. Will not be back anytime soon.
2	Food was good experience not so good. Was told an hour wait, waited an hour an forty five minutes after complaining. Went to the bathroom and noticed six open tables. Waiter forgot our orders and never filled our drinks, and took forever to box up our leftovers.  For a 110 dollar tab for two. Not my top choice.
5	Hubby and I were back at Pappadeaux last Monday. Right off the bat I will say that I have never gone to Pappadeaux and not had at least a 15 minute wait. There have been times that I was quoted a 1.5 hour wait. Waiting sucks but the food is worth it. Personally a 45 minute wait is my cut off but if there is a seat at the bar I will get a few drinks while waiting. We were seated and the waitress explained that she was training so we expected to possibly experience a couple hiccups. We ordered a dozen oysters, fried gator and shared a blackened salmon and salad. Our oysters and gator came out immediately with bread and butter. Everything was excellent. Then we waited for our entree and salad....and waited...and waited. After about 15 to 20 minutes our waitress came by and apologized and let us know that our entree was coming. I tried to play it cool and not act agitated but at this point we knew we would miss the movie that we had planned on seeing after eating. I requested that she bring out our salad while we wait for our entree. Our waitress arrived 5 minutes later with our entree and salad in hand and once again apologized for the wait. She also explained that our there was an issue with our salmon when the chef split our meal onto two plates and that she would be bringing us out another fillet shortly. BTW, it is nice that it was split for 2 but I would have been equally happy to share from the same plate, however I do see this as an over and above service and appreciate these little efforts. She also offered to bring us a dessert at the end of our meal to make up for the wait and the problem with the salmon. The food was all delicious and as promised the waitress brought out the dessert tray and asked what we would like to try. We went for the creme brulee which did not disappoint. Our check did not include the dessert and we were given half off our oysters. This is why I adore Pappadeaux. If there is a problem they go way beyond to fix it and make it up to you.
4	I am all about great customer service and after my last experience, I considered Pappadeaux's off of our restraurant rotation. I was promptly contacted by the customer relations department and they assured me that my experience did not meet their standards for service or food.  This level of attention exceeded my expectations. After another visit, I am once again a FAN!!!!
4	First visit to this location. Not the last. Probably not even the last this month. I have only been to one other Pappadeaux's...it was in an airport...and it was phenomenal (even though I only had 30 minutes to scarf down the food and drink)I asked the waiter "Sampler platter or seafood platter, pick one" and he steered me to the seafood platter. Good choice! WAAaaaaaaAAAAyyyyy too much food, but nothing will go to waste. I'm set for lunch today AND dinner tonight. My fried food quota has been met.Baked potato was tasty...but was quickly eclipsed by the tilapia...which was then put to shame by the stuffed crab (is it me or does it taste JUST LIKE my mom's stuffed crab? WOW! MY FAVORITE!!!) Next time I think I'll just look for a stuffed crab meal (after I check out the kitchen to make sure Mommy isn't being held captive for her culinary skills in there). I have a hard time ordering crawfish from anywhere that isn't in Louisiana, but I might be persuaded to order it from here because the guy at the table next to ours looked like he was in some sort of throes of passion as he buried his head in the plate and licked his fingers (pinch da tails and suck da heads indeed! Maybe they should make one of the rooms in the restaurant ADULTS ONLY?!) . KINKY!!! Mom in law had the mahi and grits and despite her tiny frame, she was having a hard time putting her fork down! The Hubster (wooooord up!) chose the fried crawfish meal and papa in law chose something that I can't remember w/ a cup of gumbo on the side and he barely uttered a word the entire meal. Shhhh....I'm eating. :) If we didn't have King Cake waiting at home, we would've been happy to dive into their scrumptious looking dessert tray too, but alas, sometimes we must show a little restraint, mustn't we?Oh...and the bread and butter at the beginning of the dining event was deliciously fresh and soft too...I'll definitely be back!
2	Received an email from Pappadeaux advertising crawfish special on Wednesday and Thursdays after 3pm. So, me and my family of 8 made the 1 hour and 45 minute drive and we were excited as we haven't had crawfish in a long time.  We were seated at 5 pm and the menus stated the crawfish is available at 5. Ok, no biggie.  I place my order then I'm told "sorry we don't have any crawfish". So I ordered the soft shell crab and my son ordered the steak Oscar medium rare.  Our food arrived, mine is ice cold, my son's steak is still mooing and my sister's food was cold.  The server asked us once in a 2 hour time frame if we needed anything.  I will NOT waste my gas to make the trip here again.
4	Every year we are in Arizona my husband and I have to stop here for dinner.  He absolutely loves the fried alligator.  I love the fresh fish dishes.  The prices are a little bit high but well worth it for the quality of food you receive.  On this past visit we had a great waiter.  He was very helpful and friendly.  He did the right amount of "check ins" on us without being overbearing.
2	This 2-star review is based on our experience this past Friday.  All previous Pappadeaux experiences in any location, including at the IAH terminal consistently are 5 star.  We are huge fans of the Pappas group, and were looking forward to our anniversary dinner.We arrived about 5:45.  I gave our name to the hostess, was told to expect a 45 minute to 1 hour wait and handed a pager.  We grabbed seats at the bar, right in front of a draft beer station and I noticed a stale, yeasty smell, like the stench after a kegger at the frat house.  Watching the bartenders pour the beers, I immediately knew the cause.  They were extremely sloppy in their pours, letting each glass overflow by 2-3 oz.  My husband observed they probably waste at least 1/2 a keg each night.  He finished his drink, but I was nursing mine.  After about 45 minutes, I asked the hostess how much longer for our table.  She snapped "I have 2 people in front of you."  I replied "That doesn't tell me how long until we're seated."  She mumbled 'I have 10 minutes to seat you".  Finally, their pager dinged and another hostess took us to our table.  The waiter approached and said "I see you brought your drink from the bar, so what do you want sir?"  He didn't ask if I wanted water or any other beverage.  Although friendly, he lacked the Pappadeaux professionalism.  He quickly brought a loaf of bread, but it tasted off, just flat and flavorless.  We started with the Oysters Pappadeaux, 1/2 dozen oysters baked with crabmeat, spinach and hollandaise.  We've enjoyed these in the past, each of the toppings balanced.  Not so this visit.  Our waiter delivered the dish to the table next to us.  They were confused as they ordered oysters on the half shell.  Our waiter realized his mistake and brought the oysters to us.  The primary ingredient was the hollandaise, gobs of it sloppily doused over each oyster, followed by spinach, and lastly, a minute dollop of crab on each oyster.  In the past, you could see large lumps of crabmeat.  Sadly, they would prove to be the best dish of the night.Our waiter returned after about 15 minutes.  We had to tell him we were ready to order the rest of our meal.  I got the Catfish Opelousas, a favorite of mine.  I also ordered an iced tea.  My husband ordered the Costa Rican Mahi Alexander.  The tray with the empty oyster shells remained on our table until the waiter returned with our entrees.  He seemed put off that he had to clear them in order to set down the next course. My 1st bite of the Catfish Opelousas was dry and over cooked.  My 2nd bite was lukewarm.  Trying to decide whether to send it back, I took a 3rd bite and felt a most unpleasant, almost fatty texture.  I didn't know what they were trying to serve, but I am almost certain it was not catfish.  The menu states the Opelousas is blackened catfish with oysters, shrimp and jumbo lump crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce.  There was no jumbo lump crabmeat.  The sauce was a reddish cream sauce, with no lemon or garlic.  I called the waiter over.  I politely told him "We've been coming to Pappadeaux for almost 20 years.  I've ordered this dish many times, but it tastes really off tonight."  He wasn't listening when I was telling him it was overcooked and fatty.  He said "We'll take care of that" and whisked it away.  My husband offered me a taste of his dish.  It was blatantly dry and overcooked.  He decided not to send it back.  Soon, a manager approached our table.  He apologized, but said the reason I was unhappy is because they recently changed it so it would be the same sauce as their Salmon Yvette.  That explanation not only made no sense to me, but it was just wrong.  The Salmon Yvette is described on the menu as salmon with shrimp, crawfish, spinach and mushrooms in a sherry white wine sauce.  My catfish featured oysters, but no crawfish, spinach or mushrooms, nor any hint of sherry flavor.  I asked him if they could make the catfish with the "old" Opelousas sauce.  He said he was new and had to check with his kitchen manager.   He returned and said that would not be possible, but they could get me anything else.  I ordered the Shrimp Brochette.  He said "We'll get that right out to you".  After 20 minutes, my husband and I had picked at his dish and were well ready to be done with Pappadeaux.  We finally flagged down the waiter and told him to pack up the Shrimp Brochette, as we were ready to go.  We never saw the manager again.  It took another 15 minutes for the waiter to bring our check.  It was most disappointing.My husband said he was glad we weren't introducing the restaurant to new people for the 1st time, as "it just sucked tonight".  If we come back, hopefully, it will be like the Pappadeaux we know and love, not this abomination.
4	The food is pretty good and they have a huge selection of items on the menu. I think it's a bit overpriced but the service is great.
2	With all the great reviews and seeing as how crowded it was, I was really sad that my experience wasn't the same.  It's been a long time since I've been to the ones in TX but I certainly don't remember the experience being that bad so maybe it was the timing and the location.  On to my review...We ordered the fried alligator, Mississippi Catfish Opelousas, and what I think was the Crawfish Etouffee.  The only saving grace was the fried alligator which was very well done.  I always used to get it at a cajun place back home so I was excited to try it here.  This is the one thing that Pappadeaux cooked right.  It was perfectly fried without it being too greasy and the alligator was tender.The Mississippi Catfish Opelousas on the other hand was awful!  Maybe it was an off day but it wasn't nearly as good as it sounded.  The catfish fillet itself was the worse part.  You know how they usually make catfish nuggets with the stomach of the fish? The not-so-good part of the fish.  Well this fillet tasted worse than that.  The whole fillet was such bad quality that we didn't finish it.  I hate wasting food but I didn't even bother taking it home. It was a really big piece too.  It still leaves a bad taste in my mouth clearly. The etouffee was meh.  Not as horrible as the catfish dish but I've certainly had better.  And this is not even including the ones I had in TX and New Orleans.  Didn't bother taking that home either.  And I love leftovers since that means I don't have to cook!Sigh - overall, I was sorely disappointed especially more so b/c of all the great reviews and how crowded it was.  I'll have to go back again when I am in TX visiting family and see how it compares.The one nice thing was the live entertainment on the patio area while we waited outside for our table.  The band was good.
4	This place is always a return for me whenever I'm in town. I have to say, I'm never one to really like chain restaurants, but this is an exception! The food is generally really good and portions are just enormous. I like this place cuz of the oysters. Was a little disappointed that they didn't have the Blue Point, but for $5.99 a dozen for the Texas Gulf Coast was a score. The gumbo is always tasty. If you feel like sharing among others, order the Jumbo size that's not on the menu! The Greek salad was a good touch to all the heavy food that is served there too. One side note for the bartender. When serving a shot of whiskey or anything else, please don't add crushed ice. It sorta ruins the drink. I'm just saying. You don't serve whiskey with crushed ice. Bottom line: repeat for sure!
1	If you have a spare $100 and are not real hungry go here. Long wait,poor service very average food at best but hard to tell when it comes out cold
1	I ate here with a friend about a week ago and we both got the most horrible food poisoning ever!! Plus, we waited over 45 minutes for a table when the place was nearly empty. The host staff was extremely rude. The manager and our waiter were helpful and friendly but they're food is unsafe. Never ever eat here!!!
5	Love this place...  The seafood is super fresh and the atmosphere is fun.
4	Okay so this place is pure indulgence. Not a restaurant for someone trying to watch the calories. Long story short: the food was excellent, atmosphere fun, service great, and desserts AMAZING. The long review: we were able to call ahead which was a lifesaver. This place was BUSY and for good reason. We waited about 15 minutes where others were being quoted 45-60. When we got seated we started with the alligator. It was fun to try. I honestly think it tasted like any other meat since it was battered and fried. Anything tastes good fried, right?  What made it special was the dipping sauce. I liked it. For dinner my husband ordered some type of fish with the dirty rice. I could not stop eating his rice. I would love to know the secret ingredient.  I ordered the shrimp platter and it was heavenly. The shrimp with crab cakes on top was seriously something I will be craving. The portions are huge. We were so stuffed and yet could not resist taking a peek at the desserts. We ended up taking them home to eat later after we walked off some of the food we ate. We dropped them off and later when we got home to eat them they were still delicious. We got the bread pudding and banana pudding. I don't usually care for bread pudding but they have converted me with theirs. The next day we ate the banana pudding and again- I am converted. We bought our babysitter the chocolate cake and she seemed to really like it. Definitely will be returning!
1	Last night my husband and I had a horrible experienced! I met him and a friend there for dinner.  They were having a glass of wine in the patio when I got there.  We went inside for dinner.  Angela, the waitress came and asked the guys if they wanted more wine. I had to ask her if I could have a drink!  She came with drinks and we ordered alligator.  Alligator came and no bread, had to ask for it.  Our dinner came, friend was served. We ordered mussels.  The guy tried to pour them out of the pot and they were stuck in the pot!!  Both pots!!!..He said that wasn't good and would get new.  In the mean time Angela came out to tell us she was sorry and asked if we were done with the Alligator (2 left) and she actually had her fingers on them while she was talking to us!!!  I couldn't believe my eyes, also asked if we were done with the bread (with her fingers on the towel the bread was wrapped in).  All this time she was coming out to talk, she sounded  like she was reading from a book or something, slow and not saying anything worth anything. Was also watching people wiping off tables, very slow and really not liking what they were doing.  Get another job!! We have been here a lot and have seen workers fast and doing their job.  Busy and getting things done.  And the food was excellent.  But what has happened?  They should look around and maybe clean house!  The table next to us had a  big serving platter with dirty dishes and left over food next to them thru out their dinner and we had our appetizers next to us thru most of our dinner. The manager finally came out to say she was sorry also, I think it was the kitchen and waitress that was the problems here.  Alligator was very chewy, the mussels were like they were just cooked in water and had no flavor.  We have brought our out of town guests and family here and have always had a wonderful experience, but this time I don't know what went wrong. We will think twice the next time.  I think they are having issues with cooks and workers!!!
5	The absolutely most delicious Cajon food I have ever eaten.   Great family atmosphere,  friendly staff and yummy drinks.  My favorite restaurant of all times!
5	Will be coming back often!
5	Great food. Never had a bad meal. The fondeaux is crazy good
4	Great, unique, seafood dishes! Not to much for the dieter! Good food, and fun atmosphere !
5	My first visit to Pappadeaux was in Houston in the early 80's. Living in the dessert now I miss the great tasting flavors of living on the Gulf Coast and then some. This is the place we migrate to when we are looking for a that type of feel good food.Both outside and inside is fixed up so that you feel like you are in New Orleans or nearby. Service is exceptionable. Just let them know what you need and / or want and they will make it happen. Grandpa Mark says so. Trust me!Food is always very good and tasty. We like to start off with a  large portion of fried alligator with an extra side of their special Creole dipping sauce. The complimentary French Bead with butter definitely take it to the next level. Dip Me Baby!Some of our favorites are anything deep fried of coarse, the blackened fish, all the items they grill, as well as the gumbos, salads, all the etouffees dishes and the dirty rice. Tally ho! The menu is just too big to go over it all.  Yummo!Last visit with the extended family we ordered the Ginger Salmon, Blackened Mahi, Blackened Catfish. Sampler Seafood Platter, Shrimp and Catfish, and of course some Alligator to get things rolling.Mention a special occasion like a B-Day celebration for an extra special treat. Hmmm? This is not a Long John's Pete's type fish place so prepare to enjoy. Place gets really busy and loud at peak times. Recommend going there for an early lunch to get the extra attention. Mr. Mark ........ table ready.Ah-YEE!
5	This place has been my favorite restaurant for 10 years.  It's amazing!  I always get the Mediterranean Calamari and oysters on half shell... But truthfully... Everything is awesome!  5 star!  Highly recommend if u enjoy seafood!
5	This is my first time visiting Phoenix and because I am a lover of this style of cuisine, I had to come here. We had a party of six and the place was packed! We didn't have a long wait under 5 minutes on a Friday night. We were seated right away and our server Mia was fantastic. Her recommendations were right on and her timing was impeccable. We started with the Fried Alligator appetizers and had the lobster pot, another lobster dish shrimp and the crawfish ettoufe and another seafood platter. All was fantastic with above average portion size.  no one left hungry as we didn't have any room for dessert.
3	I love this place! I live in AZ, and have gone here many times. HOWEVER, it seems almost 90% of the time my food/soup/appetizers are NOT HOT!!! I took a good look over the rest of the yelp reviews to see if anyone else said anything about the temp of the food. Nobody has said anything, which really surprises me! Do people like food that is not hot? The last visit I made to Pappadeux I really wanted to ENJOY my meal without having to return it to be "nuked" so I told the waiter of my issues and he looked at me like I was crazy - I AM NOT CRAZY!!! Hahah I swear my food is just not hot enough, and it's not like I want it to burn my mouth off I just don't want it to be - warm! That is not SUFFICIENT. Hot meal please, yes thank you! I pay good money, I want hot soup. I want HOT seafood not WARM. The waiter said something about how they need to cook it at a certain temp...um yes I know how to cook seafood that doesn't mean it's served warm.... along with everything else on the dish that is NOT seafood. Nice try. So I guess I have sort of a love/hate relationship with this place. If they would just serve it hot the first time, I would be in heaven.. /end rant.
5	Wow, super impressed! I've never been but have always heard about it. I generally try to stay away from huge chain restaurants, but this place wows. I started my meal with a 1/2 dozen raw oysters, super fresh and just perfect! I went with this blackened Mahi Mahi with crab, shrimp and crawfish in a spicy cream sauce. Holy hell, this dish was perfect. The seafood was cooked to perfection and everything seasoned well. All in all, a great meal and I'd definitely come back
5	Went to Pappadeaux's last night for our 20th wedding anniversary. Have been here a few times for special occasions. Never have had a problem. But had to write a review about last night. Great service, Tanya (our waitress) was perfect. Her attention to detail and her skill was amazing. Found out after speaking with her that this is her first waitress position. You couldnt tell.  Definitely ask for her if you can. The dining manager Forrest, stopped by to wish us a happy anniversary and comped our dessert for the occasion. Very nice touch. Loved the food, we had alligator and blue point oysters for appetizers, yum, i had the shrimp brochette, husband had the costa rican mahi alexander, all was perfectly seasoned and served hot. This definitely will be a continuing date night spot for us in the future. Truly enjoyed our visit.
5	The best word to describe this restaurant...AWESOME!!  I  have found my new favorite dish...Jumbo Shrimp Brochette.  Wish Pappadeaux was in San Diego!Everything was delicious!  Blue Point Oysters on the half shell, alligator bites, Jumbo Shrimp Brochette, Pasta Mardi Gras (spicy and creamy) and excellent desserts! Even the kid's menu was good.   Do yourself a favor and go indulge!!  Our server Audrey was great.  She gave us helpful tips, suggestions and kept a great pace on the food.  Wish all servers were as efficient, professional and friendly as she was.
4	Great food but had some issues with being told they were out of the selection after order went to kitchen.  But manager really went the extra mile to correct things.  Would go back.  Very fresh fish.
3	(I technically give it a 3.75 stars)*My family come from New Orleans, LA and Pappadeaux is a place that we like to go to since there are no other cajun/seafood style places nearby. Plus, the food can be pretty good. Unfortunately, this trip to the restaurant was not what I had anticipated. To begin with, the waitress we had was awfully slow. There weren't that many customers in the restaurant either (which is rare, but makes sense since it was 114F degrees outside). Anyways, back to the main point, the service sucked this time. Other than the long waits, most of the food came out pretty normal. As if the waiting hadn't already irritated me, my food came out with a hair in it. EW. The waitress took it back to the kitchen and the manager came over to do her apology and what not. She gave me a newly cooked fondeaux; she also let me pick any "on-the house" dessert. In the end, the manager took one of the appetizers, my meal, and the dessert off the bill. She gave us a $25 Pappadeaux gift card too. Overall, my experience today wasn't terrible. I was peeved about the waits and disgusted at the hair in my food though. Pappadeaux isn't a bad place, stuff happens I guess. Food was still tasty! Be aware of the service as it fluctuates in quality.
5	This place is by far the best seafood in Arizona, this is why it gets 5 stars. However, it is a bit pricey on the food. But Pappadeaux also has some seasonal specials that make up for that. Like 50 cents an oyster. I could spend all day there at that price. Also they have a great happy hour both on drinks and food.Its a great atmosphere also with great service. They offer a variety of mixed drinks that are superb. I recommend the sweet tea and the swamp thing.Also don't forget to try the crispy fried alligator ;)
4	I know you wouldn't be thinking of eating seafood in AZ, but if you are around you gotta try it out. Back in the day when home-base was Pheonix I would frequent this place, it was pretty much my religion. Pappadeaux is some of the most amazing cajun food you will ever experience. Why 4 and not 5 stars you ask? Well, I went home to visit the family and came to eat and wasn't too impressed since things seemed to have changed, sad but not overly sad.I always get the crawfish, always always. Always perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. Crawfish etouffee is amazing, tastes like a million bucks. Appetizers like calamari and fried allligator are pretty normal, nothing special. Don't miss out on dessert, the dessert trio lets you try a little bit of everything. A++
4	This place is d'lish for seafood in the desert !  My boyfriend and I have been twice in the past few years because it is pretty far on the west side for us.  But it is well worth it when we are craving some crawfish or crabcakes!  It's easy to pass by if you haven't been because it is along side the highway shortly after you pass Bobby-Q's.The front entrance is very pretty with the vines, fountain and greenery.  It's nice to see this in the desert...it cools things down drastically !  The bar inside is great and every time I've been it's always been packed but chairs open up pretty quickly.  The bartenders are great and always happy to tweak drinks (I got the mango margarita and added strawberry puree). :)  They had oysters flying outta that bar like ninjas!!  I wished that I liked them because it's part of what everyone loves about this place.  Just can't get past that texture....yeesh. When we sat we were in the back room that if this restaurant was on the water we would be hanging right over it....I wish.  Our waiter came back who was VERY stressed out - he stressed US out !  Wiping the sweat from his face, hands shaking, running back and fourth.  It's a good thing they have food runners who help out because I'm not sure we could have handled that all evening.  Now, onto the good stuff....We ordered a small bowl of Seafood Gumbo to share and try as well as the Fried Calamari.  The Seafood Gumbo was delicious with a little bit of spice to it, lumps of seafood which I'm pretty sure is what gave the yummy broth it's good flavor! Calamari was crispy and good.....not as good as Salt Cellar, but good. :)For dinner we split the Seafood Platter which they split up for us before it got to our table.  It had.....EVERYTHING.  Crawfish, crabcakes, stuffed shrimp, oysters, etc.  It was a MASSIVE portion so do not order this on your own unless you can gorge yourself into a coma.  I don't recommend it because they have a lot of desserts to chose from.  On that note, we ordered the creme brulee.  Good....lawd.  It was amazing.  the inside was super creamy and perfect. Top was crispy as expected with a side of strawberries and raspberries.  I was very happy with our choice on desert!
5	Best seafood restaurant in Arizona, HANDS DOWN! The Shellfish fondue is absolutely mouth watering.  Wednesday night, I decided to switch it up from my usual Shrimp Montage and got the Atlantic salmon. Holy bejesus, it was exquisite!! (Oh my gosh I am getting hungry just thinking about it!!) The staff is always so incredibly friendly and even though the place is ALWAYS packed, they always seem to find a great seat !  If I could give 6 stars, I would! =)
5	Wife found Pappadeaux on Yelp, and boy am I happy she did. We have been watching a lot of Duck Dynasty, and after watching Mrs. K cook up a whole lotta squirrel Brain Jambalaya, my cajun taste buds kicked in. we started with the frog legs and lobster egg rolls. The frog legs were incredible, I could not believe how juicy they were. For an entre, Tasia got the scallops, and I got the blackened catfish with the dirty rice. I loved this dish, but could barely finish half of it. We will be back for sure
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The seafood is very fresh, I'm not quite sure how they do that. The crab cakes are to die for. They put crawfish in them and the sauce is d'lish. I love the plank salmon too, but I recently discovered the pasta mardi gras (seafood pasta). I'm usually not a fan of seafood pastas because they taste so fishy, but this was really good. I've never had anything less than great here and each time I go I try something new.The drinks are good, but the speciality drinks are pretty weak. If you want a good strong drink, order a mixer. On the weekends they usually have live music on the patio, which is usually jazz or blues. It makes waiting for a table all the easier for sure. They do take reservations though, so if you don't want to wait an hour, call ahead.If you go all out on the meal (appetizer, drinks, and dessert), for two people, you can expect it will easily be over $100. Worth it! Though we usually save it for special occasions.
4	Great seafood and an enjoyable atmoshpere! It's always packed and they are still timely with seating, order taking and refills. Crab cakes are a must!
4	Good atmosphere, good service and awesome food, Lobster tails are HUGE and always seems to be fresh. I love going there for the seafood, it's a nice treat. The wait staff always seem to be helpful and the service is good. They can also handle large groups looks like to me.
3	A bit overpriced, I think. It's really good... but not 5-star amazing. I've gone here many times before, and I'll come back eventually. This is a great place to take a date, but some of the seating is just awful. Who wants to sit near the entrance or on the edge of a hall with people constantly walking by and bumping your chair? Kind of annoying... especially when the place is empty and there are far better seats.The little things are what get you 5 stars.
4	I've been meaning to check this place out.  Very Authentic cuisine and nice atmosphere!  I had the seafood gumbo and a salad..which was the perfect size for a lunch.  My friends were all happy with their meals and everyone had leftovers.  Our server Denny was very personable and attentive.  I appreciated how accommodating he was and that the restaurant lets you make substitutions with side dishes.  I would definitely go back.
5	First heard of this restaurant in Houston a few weeks ago.  Absolutely perfect.  Almost too good.  Found out there was one in Phoenix, AZ, where I live.  Tried it, expecting it not to be as good, since the Gulf is well known for its seafood, and Phoenix is not.  We received the exact level of quality in food and service.  Highly recommend this RestaurantHave been back several times, and all have been fantastic until last Sunday. Waitress was obviously new, but without trainer.  Spoke very broken English and I knew she wasn't understanding order.  My wife ordered soup for app and crab and lobster salad for lunch.  I ordered one crab cake for app and pan seared talapia for lunch.  Even pointed to the dinner item so she wouldn't mix it up with what my mother in law ordered, which was the lunch grilled talapia.  Totally different dish.  First my crab cake came out.  10 min later my wife's salad came out.  I asked about her soup.  Waitress replied that she wasn't sure which she wanted first so she guessed.  2 minutes later the soup and our lunches came out.  I received the wrong lunch, as I expected.  She asked me if I wanted to change it.  Didn't feel like waiting, so I ate just the fish, but none of the sides.  The waitress just asked how everything was, even though my plate was barely touched.  She should have noticed, and not just smiled and took my plate.  At minimal, she should have sent the manager over to talk to us.  Figured she just wanted to cover her mistakes.  I am 3rd on regular check in's, so we will continue to come back.  Service was definitely not up to their norm.  Was not very busy at the time, so she was not rushed.Just grabbed a to go order. Very efficient and super friendly. Heard that they were rolling out new training for take out. Everyone was enthused and seemed happy to be there. Thanks Pappa!
3	Visited Pappadeaux's on a Friday around 8pm and there was no wait so we quickly ordered drinks and began looking at the menus.  We munched on bread while we waited for our dinner.  I ordered the Seafood Platter ($25) while my friend ordered a pasta and seafood dish ($30).  Our waiter was Brian and he was a friendly guy. He appeared to be new as he had to see the menu to know what sides and such we would receive.  The blue lump crab cake was good, but not as good as I remembered. All the food seemed to taste the same.  I also had the spaghetti squash and it was fairly bland. My friend devoured her pasta and seafood dish, but it wasn't much food for the price.
5	Oh man.  So good.  Went here on my birthday and went all out with the rock lobster and filet combo.  Holy crap!  It is amazing!!  We also had crab cakes as an app. and my boyfriend got the crawfish ettouffe (sp?).  Everything was super yummy, the server was great (Thanks Alex!) and the restaurant ran like a well oiled machine.  Can't wait to go back!!!PS- get a Bellini!!!
2	I thought the food was only ok. I  have been t Papadeaux's in Houston,Dallas and Austin and the food was great!  We were hungry for Cajun food and even though the restaurant was 30 miles away,my wife and I gave it a try .The gumbo was as far from the real thing as I have ever tasted. It wasn't awful,it just wasn't gumbo. The Shrimp Po Boy was ok and they were generous with the amount of shrimp butI wouldn't drive 30 miles to go there again.
2	Pappadeaux is pronounced Pappa Dough I think of it now as Pappa don't season the food here.I really liked the building inside and out. The patio is charming and the inside looks so old fashioned and established. The wait staff looks professional and the place is very lively with lots of activity. What I didn't like about the atmosphere was all the NOISE! It was so loud you have to shout at anyone you talk to and it is very hard to hear the server.Maybe because it was early in the evening the Gumbo was very watery and needed to cook down. It was kind of disappointing and lacked depth of flavor but was slightly spicy. We also shared a very average but very fresh house salad that had very strong red onions in it and tasty fresh made seasoned croutons. The salad was good.I tried the Rock Port Redfish, it was very large and generous. The Shrimp and Crab that came with it were overcooked, sort of hard and dry but the Redfish was cooked nice but not so tasty. I think they forgot to add salt, pepper, olive oil because it was unseasoned. The fish had a very nice texture but left a not so tasty taste in my mouth. Maybe I was just tasting blood line from the fish. I try to eat fish all the time on weekends since I can't buy fresh fish near me, I enjoy fish and have had Redfish before but it never seemed disappointing before. I can't say it was bad either but it just wasn't tasty. It came with a barley salad. I ate barley salad till I was full and thought it was also unseasoned until I took my last two bites and it tasted good. I got salt and pepper and tasty toasted almonds in it. Those last two bites were delicious but unfortunately It seemed the barley salad wasn't mixed correctly so on most of what I ate I didn't get it the way it was meant to be.My husband's complaint about the shrimp creole was mostly on the creole sauce. He said the tomatoes were good but it completely lacked creole flavor and could have almost passed for a spaghetti sauce. He said the grits had little flavor on their own but got some from the tossed in andouille sausage. We don't know but maybe they did give him the wrong sauce as they do have something with spaghetti sauce on the menu.Maybe they are normally better but It seemed the kitchen didn't take much care in the food preparation when we were here and at the spendy level price point ( $88.48 with two drinks before tip) I feel a two stars is accurate.
5	Pappadeaux is over the 5 start rating.  It was the first time there.  The photos do not do the place justice as it is so much better in person.  Lucky to be seated away from the bar area to avoid the noise.  Very accommodating as asked to be seated at a bit larger table that was available.  There was a number in our group.  I'm more about the food and could care less about the settings, not so here.  From the minute you are in the parking lot you feel like you are mentally taken away and transported to somewhere else.  Never been to New Orleans but, the other guest said it was very nice.  So, from the minute you get out of your car take the time to look around. Enjoy the settings from your car and including up to your table.  Glad to be seated away from the bar area noise.  The inside was nice as the lighting was just right as not to be to dark or to light.  I like to see what I'm eating and enjoy it, perfect lighting. Staff was helpful and nice.  We all got the Pappadeax Platter. We were told it is a lot of food and I thought, ya sure I'll see.  It was and had some to go home and I'm ok with that!  Enjoy it a bit longer.  The food was very good and was fresh, even the next day ... what I took home.  We all were to full for any desert and then saw some of deserts pass by to the next table, we're drooling at the site.  Just to full so, we plan on going back before dinner crowd just for desert. For a special night out it is a winner.  It is a relax place without the stuffy attitude that some places have.
4	Several people suggested that I revisit Pappadeaux and since it's close and I often eat seafood out I did.I had a very different exsperience this time. I sat on the patio this time and I found the patio very pleasant and comfortable.We started with the in house made Hot Smoked Salmon appetizer. We received a generous portion of salmon topped with a mustard herb sauce and seasoned thin crisp bread toasts. The salmon seemed like it was slow cooked as it just melted like butter in your mouth. I also liked that it was lightly smoked and not too much so you could get the yummy taste of the sauce with it. I thought this was a masterfully prepared dish and this one really wowed me as I would like to get it again some time.We received our dinners. My husband ordered the Gulf Coast Redfish Pontchartrain and I got the Halibut with spaghetti squash. I taste the redfish and this one is perfect, it's fresh, tasty and prepared perfect. Then I taste the Halibut and it's overcooked and dry. I sort of feared sending it back since it was still edible but my husband convinced me to do so. We flagged the waiter over and he took care of it right away and sent the manager over.  The manager and the waiter were extremely kind and didn't at all make me feel guilty for sending the fish back. They also remade my husband's dinner so he could have a fresh one with me and also gave him the option of nibbling on the current one he had if he wanted to. The manager even suggested having some salad or soup while we wait he really couldn't be more hospitable.We receive our new dinners and both were very good. My Halibut was MUCH BETTER as it was tasty and flaky and moist. The Spaghetti squash was good it was slightly sweet and buttery and the redfish was nailed perfect again, it was really delicious. The manager checked on us and said we could have dessert on them. We enjoyed the dinners very much and over ate a bit so we didn't have room for dessert but we saw someone walk by with a dessert tray and they looked really good.This was an educational exsperience for me. I know I can come back to Pappdeaux because the food will be good or they will do their best to make it again right for you.I will try to be a better diner and say something to my server if I need too.
4	Yes, I'm once again a fan of Pappadeaux.  Sweet hubby picked up some to-go a couple weekends ago and they are back in the game.  The food was MUCH better than our miserable experience in March.  He enjoyed the shrimp po' boy and seafood gumbo (he kindly gave me some of the gumbo, including a gigantic oyster, which I thoroughly enjoyed).  I ordered the lunch Blackened Catfish with Shrimp Etouffee Pistolette and Dirty Rice.  The catfish was sweet and tender and oh so yummy.  The Shrimp Etouffee Pistolette was a dish of their outstanding Etouffee with a hunk of French bread so decadent, I think they actually dunked it in melted butter and then deep fried it (Texas State Fair anyone?).  I saved some of the Etouffee and cooked plain wild rice to go with it for lunch on Monday.  The dirty rice was once again delicious, so happy they use ground chicken livers, as it should be.
3	I went here for happy hour today.  The bartender was very attentive. I ordered shrimp and crawfish fondeaux and catfish beignets. I also ordered a large swamp thing to drink. The swamp thing was really good. The catfish beignets were delicious. I didn't love the fondeaux though. First of all it had mushrooms in it and I hate mushrooms. But also the shrimp tasted like dirty dishwater, which is not unusual for shrimp in my opinion, but that ruined the fondeaux for me. Overall my experience was A-Ok.
5	I loved this place. My boyfriend and I went here for our two year anniversary and received excellent service. We had to cancel our original reservation and we're able to make another for later in the evening. When we arrived we were seated right away and our server was awesome! She made sure our drinks were never empty, kept the boyfriend's beer filled and took her time discussing the options with us. The food was sooooooo gooooood, extra letters needed. Based on the reviews we orders the gator tail. We were so full we couldn't order dessert. And then to top it off, I was so happy, full, and distracted, I forgot my purse at the table. Our server chased after us and returned it, what an awesome chick. She was a blonde white chick (can't remember her name, it's been about 5 months), so if you get her you are in good hands!
2	Met the girls for lunch Tuesday, some of us got sick.Most everything is fried, no healthy choices.Way overpriced, for what is is. I had fried shrimp with dirty rice.The rice was really undercooked and there was something off with the shrimp.My friend had the shrimp and lobster salad, She ended up really sick.I say Papa Don't.
5	I'm giving this place a 5 star review because not only is the food excellent, the service was exceptional!   I've eaten here a few times and I can't review the meals I've eaten in the past and I'm sorry but my meal tonight was not seafood.  I went for their original Greek salad.  At the bar...solo.  bar help all work together, they all seem happy to be here and they are so polite and service oriented.   My salad was put together right at the bar so not only will it not get soggy in route from th kitchen, I was able to approve of everything that went into the salad.  Great experience.  Next time I will review thir Seafood meals!
3	I can't say anything bad about the food or the service in the past.  Always my favorite place.  However, I went this past Saturday evening and contracted some sort of allergy from the shell fish that I've had many times before.  As soon as I was leaving the restaruant I got sick in the bathroom.  As we were leaving the parking lot, my entire head and neck broke out in hives-and I don't have a seafood allergy.My date is now also sick and we shared the food.  He is having severe stomach issues.  After reading Patricia M.s review dated 11/6/13, I decided to comment in the hopes that management may look into their food quality and kitchen cleanliness.
2	My Pappadeaux experiences have been different every time. But the negative has outweighed the positive. On a first visit a couple years ago I went with a group of friends and our children. We enjoyed various appetizers of Shrimp and Crawfish Fondeaux, Calamari and Fried Alligator - which the kids got a kick out of trying for the first time. All was tasty. I ordered a plank salmon with grilled asparagus. No complaints. We did have a mighty tasty watermelon cocktail that was refreshing and strong. A second visit was a little less desirable. I was meeting a friend for happy hour. It was late afternoon...about 4:30 and it was quite packed. I had my 11 year (at the time) old daughter with me but she was being picked up by a friend on the way home from work so I could enjoy an outing with a girlfriend. There was a wait to be seated and we wanted to sit at the bar anyways. There were a few chairs and we took a seat. I ordered a chocolate milk for my daughter and was told by the bartender, 'she's not allowed to sit in this area'. I said, 'Really? She's being picked up in 15 minutes anyways so it won't be long. She's sitting here.' Not to mention there was a table right NEXT to the bar behind us with 2 children at it. I'm sure he just didn't want the seat taken by a child and reduce his drink orders...but he was rude about it and I wasn't pleased. Almost wanted to leave. The rest of the visit was decent. Had a cocktail and appetizer with the girlfriend and then left. Bartender continued to NOT be friendly. 3rd trip was a date night and my first time trying oysters. We ordered an appetizer to start and then a dozen oysters that came out later. My date gave me tips on how to eat. I enjoyed the first one. 2nd one we both ate...had debris, shell fragments, sand or whatever else might be in the oysters that aren't properly cleaned. We ended up returning the oysters and leaving disappointed and still hungry.
5	I love this place! They don't have it on the menu any more but one of my favorite things you can still order is Mediterranean style calamari. The gator appetizer has the best sauce too. My favorite experience there was when they had a live jazz band playing. It's very noisy and crowded and usually you have to wait for a table but it's SO worth it if you like seafood.
5	Just leaving now and I had to post! There aren't many places that have blown me away and this place blew me away. I had the Mississippi plate and omgosh it was amazing. My husband had the seafood platter which was also amazing.The catfish was cooked perfect and the dirty rice reminded me of being down south.As for the seafood platter it was good my husband thought the tilapia needed a little salt but otherwise was good :)To drink I had the swamp thing which was very sweet and very good. My husband the Hennessy drink which he actually loved!Our waiter was very good and for a packed restaurant the fact the waiter was on point with everything blew me away.I'm in the car as I type this and I can't wait to go back next weekend! I'm full and my wallet isn't empty that says a lot!
3	My in-laws wanted to take me somewhere for my birthday, and Pappa's always used to be one of my favorites so for dinner, this is where we decided to go. Even though many chain restaurants have come and gone in the era, this restaurant has remained a staple along the I-17 freeway. It's always tricky to get to especially when heading south on the I-17 since you have to go one exit past the restaurant, make a U-turn, and drive on the access road, but it's always crowded no matter what, even on a Thursday evening. The oysters were really good. They were fresh and regular in size. The Grand Hennessy drink was an especially tasty treat! Almost dessert like from the start! It featured the Hennessy VS Marnier with fresh lemon and orange juices with a "splash of Moscato D'Asti." It's also very refreshing too - something I'd really enjoy during the summer.I usually order more traditional fare like catfish with dirty rice or similar, but this time I ordered the biggest photo right smack on in the middle of their menu, The Lobster Boil. It somewhat reminded me of what you'd find at Joe's Crab Shack, but definitely much higher quality and less salty. I felt like everything was deliciously bathed in butter and light spices. The service was less than to be desired. It seemed like the restaurant was understaffed that night. From the get go, they sat our group of four instead of the couple that arrived there before us, so they brought only two menus, so as the hostess sat us, she only gave us two menus and took away the other 2 place settings. No problemo. I simply asked for her to keep those extra settings there and bring us two more menus. But then, our waiter would disappear for long periods of time, and forgot to bring my father in law a 2nd drink as requested, so the less than stellar performance kind of left us disappointed even though the food was good. It's not a deal breaker or anything, but that cheerful memory of this place is definitely jaded a bit now.
5	I don't give five stars very often, but yes Pappadeaux's deserves them all. Coming from the east coast, I do miss my seafood. I'm a bit wary of any seafood I get in the Valley because it obviously has to be flown or trucked into the desert. Pappadeaux's was recommended to me before I even arrived in Phoenix. The moving company driver told me about this place when he was loading my belongings on his 18-wheeler in North Carolina. I found the place on Yelp, showed him the picture, and he said, "Yep! That's it!" I bookmarked it in the app to check out. I've been here a couple times already, but for some reason hadn't reviewed it yet. I most recently came with a friend for his company dinner (dinner on the boss! yay!). I had lobster, shrimp, oysters (fried and on the half-shell), calamari, and something else I can't even remember. The food has always been great. They have some pretty good salads and other items on the menu if you're not into seafood (my friend isn't, so that came in handy).  Love this place -- will definitely come back!
5	Food is wonderful, the atmosphere perfect, and Alex is a sweet and charming waitress.
5	Food was great but not as great as out waiter Anthony ABad he really made our dinner awesome and gave us the best service We will be back and will make sure to sit in Anthony's section
3	Out of Flounder and no halibut tonight. Mushroom risotto very salty and too mushroomy. Very pricey. Everything else ok
5	Always enjoy the experience of dining at Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen. Probably the best selection of seafood items in the Greater Phoenix area. We both ordered salmon dishes. My wife's was med-rare and she ordered well. It was quickly taken care of and corrected. The service was excellent. Our waiter, Ed, helped make the evening a good time. He was efficient, but took time to chat and make sure it was a nice experience for us. We like the way the restaurant is decorated to add to the experience. From the outside curb appeal, to the entry way, to the inside, you feel like you have left Phoenix and are in some New Orleans restaurant.
5	Love this place.  Food is great.  Taste fresh.  Doesn't have that  old fish taste.  Atmosphere is good.  Service is great.  I had oysters and shrimp then New Orleans crawfish etouffee. Everything was on point
4	I've been here several times and the food is excellent.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because on my the last visit my date and I were bombarded by flies (we sat towards the street by a window)However the food is amazing!  Seriously, the only thing i've ever had bad here were all the dates I've been on.The mediterranean calamari is orgasmic, the lobster bisque is yummy.  The service is good.  Get there early or else you'll be waiting, either for a seat at the bar or in the dining area.
5	I deliberated over where to celebrate my birthday dinner and I knew seafood was in order. Especially with the limited fresh options in Phoenix, Pappadeaux's was calling my name. I'd been here once before and really enjoyed it and appreciate how flavorful the creole-inspired dishes are!We had the crispy fried alligator and shrimp and crawfish fondeaux to start. After living on the Gulf Coast, the alligator was not a "shock" to me as it is to some people and it was fun and tasty. The fondeaux was rich and yummy! A brief flashback to my first Pappadeaux experience reminded me not to fill up too much on apps, since I ended up taking up most of my entree home. I did not listen to that little voice. We ordered our entrees -- Gulf Coast Redfish Pontchartrain for me and Pasta Mardi Gras for him -- including a cup of gumbo. Our friends ordered their entrees too, including the lobster bisque (YUM! The gumbo was good, but the bisque was GREAT!). Sure enough...by the time our entrees arrived, I was full again!! Fail for me, because the food was all soooo very tasty! The waitress was amazing and willing to box everything up for us. And the cherry on top?  Well, Pappadeaux's has a mean birthday brownie a la mode that was HUGE and delicious! Needless to say, I've got enough food for 2 days...I definitely am a fan of this place, especially among Phoenix seafood options...and though there seems to always be a wait, the courtyard is lovely to hang out in while you wait for a table.
4	We try to avoid chains when we travel but there were very few restaurants in the vicinity of our hotel except this one. We were well pleased with the food and the service of this place. It had the feel of a mom and pop and we had a good waiter. We had shrimp and fish dishes that were very good.
4	Recommendations: 1) fried alligator--you have to try it at least once in your life2) gulf coast oysters--shucked right at the bar3) cajun bloody mary4) stuffed shrimp montagePass:1) cheesecake --it wasn't bad; but it is probably better to try one of the other unique desserts like the praline bread or banana wafer puddings2) cedar plank salmon--my friend's salmon came out mostly raw, even when reheatedThis place was pretty frickin' sweet. I haven't enjoyed a dining experience quite like this one in a long time. I savored our meal and had a great time. Our server Rich went above and beyond to make sure things went right.
3	Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen11051 N. Black Canyon HighwayPhoenixI ate at Pappadeaux exactly one year ago, and decided to give it another try. I arrived by myself at 5:15, and was seated immediately.My first impression was how very noisy it was. All the wait staff was busy yelling at each other and most of what they were yelling was personal business and not about orders. The waiter sat down at my table and asked "what are we going to eat?" I was wondering if I had to feed him too. I'm not used to having the waiter sit at my table.I started with a dozen Blue point oysters on the half shell. After a 15 minute wait, the oysters arrived.At $17.95 a dozen, they don't come cheap, but to be fair, they were without any sand or grit. On the down side, some of the oysters were just put haphazard on the plate, and lost all of their wonderful liquor in the ice. Also bad was the horseradish, which tasted old and had absolutely no heat at all. After dumping the entire amount of horseradish I was given into the oyster sauce, I still had to add a generous amount of hot sauce to bring it up to a tolerable level.For the main course, I ordered the large order of Fried Shrimp ($22.95). The waiter assured me that these were butterflied shrimp, and they were ordered with a baked potato ($2.95 extra). I was also offered a loaf of fresh baked bread.After an interminable amount of time, the shrimp finally showed up, having been brought by a different waiter. Generally, butterflied shrimp are around a U-10 size - large meaty morsels that will normally fill  you up after eating perhaps a half dozen. What came to me might have been U-25 or U30 shrimp, which were improperly cut all the way through so that it looked more like a butterfly than a butterflied shrimp. It came with a tiny cup of tarter sauce. I had to ask the waiter which particular shrimp the tarter sauce was for, as it certainly was not enough for them all. I ended up ordering 5 more cups of tarter sauce. As for the potato, it was close in size to a small football, and could have used a little more baking.After I finished the main course, the original waiter reappeared, and promptly sat himself down at my table again. His question was "What dessert are we going to get tonight?". After looking at the dessert menu and the prices of the desserts, I opted not to have any.I was extremely disappointed in the restaurant, and have downgraded it since my last visit. I'll give them 3 stars, but I must say it was a challenge not to give them 2 stars this time. They have cheapened the food, the service is poor, and the noise close to unbearable. I'd give it a lot of thought before going to eat in this restaurant.
4	My husband and I have been here several times and have always been pleased with the quality of our meals.  It's hard to find fresh seafood in Phoenix and this place has delivered time and again. We always go during their happy hour which is from 3-6 M-F in their bar area which includes seats at the HUGE bar top and a few booths.  Not sure if HH is available on the patio... Compared to their normal menu prices ($$$) their HH pricing is fantastic.  And if you have a hankering for oysters this is the place to go.  Last time we went we got a dozen  of delicious Gulf Coast oysters for $7.95. They have several other HH food items in the $4-$7 price range ( calamari, catfish poboys, steamed cajun shrimp served with sausage and corn on the cob) but our favorite by far is the alligator.  They typically serve it fried but on our first visit our server recommended trying it blackened. We went with her suggestion and were not disappointed. It is served with a rich, brown sauces that is is on it's own fantastic. The drink prices on their HH are decent as well.  I usually go with their specialty cocktail "The Swampthing" It's a deceptively strong, frozen drink that I highly suggest. Get the large, it comes in an icy goblet that will keep your drink nice and cold as you enjoy your meal. They also have a good draft beer selection if that is more your thing.  The bill between the two of us is usually around $50 for a few  apps, a couple drinks a piece and a dozen oysters. They will also provide you with some fresh baked bread.The regular menu is rather large and features a variety of seafood.  You have quite the selection to choose from including alaskan king crab legs, live maine lobster  and all sorts of fish.  I think I saw a scallop dish or two on there as well.  They also have several "combination" platters that feature fried shrimp, fish, stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, etc. My husband once ordered a cajun tilapia (mahi perhaps?) with scallops dish that he loved off their "Specialty Menu". I can suggest the live lobster as well.  On one visit I saw the lobster tank and couldn't help myself. They actually had an 8 lb lobster in there! He proudly carried the title "KIng of the Tank" He was $159 and probably would have been worth every cent but I opted for one of the smaller guys.  I was not disappointed.  Mr Delicious was served with drawn butter and a side of pasta (linguine with diablo sauce I believe) and I have actually gone back and ordered just the side of pasta it was so good! The restaurant itself is rather large but it is always busy so get there early or at least call ahead.  Especially if you have a larger group.
4	So I was an idiot and thought gumbo was jambalaya...  I set myself up for disappointment when I received a bowl of soup. BUT WOW it was so jam packed full of flavor. I don't think I've ever eaten real crab either. It's always been that fake imitation type. And the shrimps!! Mmm I love shrimps. I'm sad I'm leaving Phoenix today. I won't get to try the other seafood items, but just from this bowl of gumbo I can tell the other food must be bomb.
4	The epitome of a 4-star restaurant.Very good food, very large portions, lots of menu options. service was friendly, but not totally unrushed. Try the fried alligator and cajun bloody mary. Also, shrimp is deliciousFood was somewhat overpriced. Wait times are long on Friday nights.
4	Food was good, but a little overpriced.  Drinks were good.  Food was cooked perfect, lobster and filet mignon with asparagus was done to perfection, I had the catfish, it's not my favorite.  Very crowded and little bit of a wait.  Service was good, we got everything we needed right away.  We will be back.
3	Location: Phoenix, AZParking: Not an issue at all since I walked here from my hotel, but there's a massive parking lot with many available spaces.Ambiance: The ambiance and decor immediately transport you to the bayou, although I have never been to the bayou and only know it from what I've seen in the media.  Went twice during my stay in Phoenix.  Once during dinner and also a to-go order for lunch.  During dinner, it was very dim and some would say too dim to even see what you are eating.  Very loud so you can forget about having a nice, tranquil conversation with whomever you are dining alongside.Service: DINNER - service was ok.  I got really irked when I asked for recommendations from our waiter.  Their menu is massive and I had a hard time deciding what to get.  I asked for some recommendations and the waiter immediately blurted out the most expensive thing on the menu and nothing else.  Hmm so just one recommendation...do you really think that's good, or are you just fishing for a bigger bill which will lead to a bigger tip?  Water refills were on time, and the wait staff was for the most part attentive, so the recommendation thing was the only major downfall.LUNCH - Called in my order and said it would be ready in 10-15 min.  Walked over from my hotel (about a 10-15 min walk) and went inside.  Hostess pointed me to the to-go pick-up area.  Went over and waited for another 5 min before being attended to.  Paid for my order and waited another 5 min before receiving my food.  Waited a total of 20-25 min for my food.  Not that big of a deal, but they should know this for future reference.Food: DINNER - After receiving a short-ended recommendation, I had to look over the menu a little bit more so my table mates placed their orders first.  I ended up getting the Crawfish Etoufee.  The dish was filled with crawfish.  Everything tasted fine except the white rice.  I'm Filipino so I've had my fair share of rice in my lifetime.  This rice tasted like minute rice.  That might fly in Phoenix, but in my world I expect something a little better.  At least the rest of the dish kinda sorta made up for it.  Portions are huge!  Everyone at my table had leftovers.  I would've had leftovers too but I was pretty hungry and ended up leaving super stuffed!LUNCH - I ordered the "Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo & Shrimp Po Boy.  Now this was good!  Gumbo had a bounty of different seafood and tasted awesome.  The po boy had plenty of fried shrimp.  The bread on the po boy could have been better.  When I dipped the po boy into the gumbo MAN OH MAN was that BANGIN!!  Here's a tip for a new menu item: instead of a "French Dip," how bout a 'FRENCH QUARTER' DIP = Shrimp Po Boy + ("Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo - white rice).  Dip the po boy in the gumbo and as Chef Emeril Lagasse would say BAM!!!Overall: 3.5 STARS this place is A-OK.  It is a bit overpriced.  If it weren't for the great lunch I had, I probably would have given it a lower rating.  Get the GUMBO and PO BOY and you won't be disappointed.
2	take this as you may. We wanted to rsvp a group of 7 for mothers day however they do not take reservations on mothers day of all days. Called day before but said they didn't, next day on mother's day we show up because one in the group called and said he got reservations, so totally excited group of 7 went there but no reservations where made or kept told 2 hr wait i.e keep a reservation list on mothers day it would be smart we (4 ) people normally go here all the time and spend about $200 or so and have had good exper. and good food however this time it def. made us change our mind about this place and yet to be back. I must say  yes this is a late post however I think if they take reservations on busy days.
3	Pretty good. Not as amazing as I expected because the flavor was there on some things but overall hit and miss. When there was flavor it was AMAZING. Definitely worth trying not so sure it was worth the price but I will probably come back and see if it's better next time.
5	Come on! Who doesn't love this place?! The best seafood from down south Cajun style or not, you cannot beat this menu! I know it's a little pricey, but the food is always super fresh and delicious. A great place to go for a nice broiled lobster! The specialty drinks are yummy.
5	Best seafood I've ever had hands down!! The Mediterranean calamari are the best I've had and I've tried lots of different calamari all over the valley. I will never go to red lobster again it's McDonalds compared to pappadeaux!! The staff is friendly and always knows the menu so well. The Pappas salad is fresh and tossed right in front of you. I dream about their filet and lobster plate!! I've found my favorite seafood restaurant!!
1	Spend your money elsewhere!First time at Pappadeaux we had a bad experience with 1 staff member, brought it to the attention of management and were given a $50 gift card to make things right (was a pretty bad experience, not normally complainers)When returned for a 2nd time, to use the gift card, the hostess sat our party of 3 in between 2-10+ person parties.  Our 4 person table was squished in between the 2 parties that when the server went to take people's orders at the big party she was literally standing over top of me, shouting to the people on the other side of the table.  We asked to move as they clearly had open tables in other areas that were not so cramped - it was such an ordeal to allow us to move 30 ft to a new table.We get a new table and it takes 15-20 minutes before anyone comes over.  By this time it's about 6:15pm and we know happy hour is only until 6:30pm.  We asked for a round of drinks and are told happy hour is only available in the bar area.  WTF.We decline ordering drinks at the table and one of use walks to the bar, orders happy hour priced drinks and brings them back to our table.  Genius!  Apparently this is frowned upon though, oh well.  And the happy hour drink prices are laughable, a sweet tea...whatever its called was $8 - what the hell does it cost non-happy hour.  Their food is horribly over priced for what you get, its on par with Red Lobster and almost twice as expensive.  My friend ordered the stuffed crab and the server lets her know there is no crab in this dish, its 2 empty crab shells stuffed with breading, shrimp and fish bits.  12 shrimp cost about $17, I did not see any evidence that they had been dipped in gold prior to the fryer.  My friends Caesar salad has ONE lone crouton floating in the soggy, limp lettuce.  Our server, Jimmy was empathetic that we were having a rough experience and he gave us a creme brulee on the house.  Not to sound unappreciative, but I'm glad we didn't pay for it, was just meh.Time to pay.  Our bill comes to $72.  We have the $50 gift card and throw in $40 in cash and decide to let Jimmy keep the difference which is a pretty nice tip, since he had given us dessert.  He picks up the check book and we tell him we are good, no change needed.  We start to get ready to leave and another server/manager perhaps comes over w/ a receipt showing we owe $18 after the gift card was charged.  The $40 has disappeared, did Jimmy think we gave him a $40 tip??  To avoid any further annoyance we just leave and leave the $18 DUE receipt on the table.  Go to Red Lobster :)
5	Best ever. I come in from California for this place... Everything on the menu is a win!
3	Love this place... The only thing that upsets me is that the portion of the aligator is so small for the price...and no oyster tonight. Not a good night. Darn
1	I wanted to order the Caesar salad until I asked about the ingredients and found out that it is not a true Caesar, but is made with soybean oil mayo.  94% of all soy has been genetically modified.  If you want more info on GMOs (genetically modified organisms) watch "Genetic Roulette" on YouTube.  No human safety studies were done on GMOs before these poisons were unleashed on an unsuspecting public.  In animal studies they have been shown to cause tumors.  They can also cause gastrointestinal problems and allergies.  The food that has been genetically altered include soybeans, corn, sugar beets, cottonseed, Hawaiian papaya, zucchini and yellow squash.  Cows have also been treated with a genetically modified hormone called rBGH which causes pain to the cows as their udders become infected with the unnatural increase in milk production.  The residue from rBGH in milk reduces has been linked to breast cancer.  I only buy organic when it comes to these products as they can't be genetically modified.
4	Great seafood - Blue Point oysters are so fresh and you don't want to miss. The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating is ... it is pretty loud and the price range is high. The quality of the service is not consistent - either you get a super good server or lazy one. Overall, I always go home happy after visiting there :)
3	Decent food...horrible service. My husband and I ate here recently to celebrate our six year anniversary and it was an experience that left a bad taste in my mouth. We dont get to eat out much with two little ones at home so when we can find a sitter we look forward to an enjoyable night out. Well we arrive on a Saturday night and we expected to wait and wait we did....an hour and a half later we're seated....and more waiting. It takes a good ten minutes just to get water. Finally the waiter comes to take our order and I request a margarita, half strength. The waiter looks at me like I'm an idiot and says well thats a new one. Hey smartass bring me my drink and keep your mouth shut. We also order the calamari which comes out pretty quick but with no aioli. I have to ask the waiter which at this point is pretty annoying. Eventually we put our order in, my husband orders a steak oscar and I order a ceaser salad.  And again with another stupid look from the waiter like Im waisting his time. At this point I just wanted to walk out. The rest of the dinner went fine but I sincerely dont think we'll be eating here again.
3	So I kept driving by his place a bunch of times so I figured I would give it a try . I pulled up and noticed this is a large ass reasuraunt good thing I went on a monday night, I got seated quickly and got a menu in hand. Getting ready to order will review shortly....Started out w lobster bisque which was good there was enough lobster chunks to make it worth while to eatFor main course I got house salmon , portion was large and the shrimp was a nice touch they added to the dishOverall nice seafood place to take a date to and plenty of things to choose from
5	Second time eating here and each time has been outstanding! Fantastic service, top notch food. Happy hour offers nice range of foods to choose from and they're all excellent. Alligator was great, shrimp and the mini fondeaux (sp) was all amazing. Will be back as often as time and my wallet allows!
4	Craw fish season! Came here last night with a couple of friends for oysters and crawfishes. It was delicious. The crawfishes are juicy and big. Our server was nice and attentive. The environment inside however is quite loud since the tables are close by. If you have a large group of people, help to make reservation ahead of time.
4	Sat at the bar for Happy Hour.  The bartenders were friendly and made fresh squeezed orange juice for my drink. Had a really good half size fondue app.  Dinner was delicious... The best scallops I have had! Also had a really good atmosphere. The patio section was beautiful!
4	I am all about good Cajun food. I wasn't expecting to find it in Phoenix, but I sure did! I had catfish with shrimp etouffe, and the traditional calamari as an appetizer. The calamari tasted fresh, and wasn't like the cheap rubberband-like calamari you find at bad restaurants. The catfish was light and flaky, but the shrimp etouffe was my favorite by far. The decor reminded me of New Orleans. It was beautiful weather to sit outside, and the waiter was prompt and friendly.
5	This place is always packed so my husband made a reservation to avoid the wait.  This was our 1st visit and the food and service was great.  I ordered the Caribbean lobster tail and he got the deep fried shrimp & chicken.  He mistakenly ordered a large portion which he couldn't finish.  We ordered the sweet tea and mango ice tea and they were the best we've ever had. I now get why this place is packed all the time.
2	5-1-14 Update***I received a letter of apology today and a gift card. I will return and update my review based on our 2nd dining experience. *******************************************************************************************************************OK, so here we go again with a "split" review. Food, as far as taste goes, is a solid 3.5 stars. Like other Yelpers, to me its nothing more than an over priced Red Lobster with Cajun seasoning, much smaller portions and WAY TOO MANY FRIES to fill up the dead space on the plate. I have NEVER had people look at me strangely when I asked for Tabasco to accompany a dozen raw oysters on the half shell appetizer. But when they brought them out, I was in the restroom washing my hands. When I returned to the table, I did not see my server ASHLEIGH B (who was excellent in my opinion) around. I did see another server (ALEX) at one of the corner beverage stations not really doing anything and so I approached him and asked for Tabasco. Without looking up, he told me "You'll have to sit down and wait for your server." No, really, those were his exact words. Really? No problem, I went to the back of the restaurant to the main service line and asked someone else. Clearly, since I was not in his section and therefore he could not extract a tip from me by helping out, he decided to pass on a chance to display good customer service. Not excellent customer service, just good. So, ALEX, when you pull stunts like that you not only make yourself look unprofessional, but you also drag down your other servers and the restaurant you work for by reputation. If we ever come back and happen to be seated in your section, what do you think we will remember from this visit and how do you think we will feel about rewarding your service with a nice tip?
3	We came and they were out of crawfish on the last day, but it's okay I'm not mad. However, another customer and I did agree at they need bigger TV screens.
4	I don't eat seafood nearly enough, primarily because it is typically so expensive, and the pricing here was no exception.I showed up for dinner at 9:30 on a Tuesday night, so they were not very busy. The restaurant itself was rather large and very nicely decorated. They had a beautiful patio area and I asked if I could be seated out there, but was told it was not available at this time. (I don't know if this was due to it being 9:30 at night or what, but it was an amazing 75 degrees out and would have been perfect. Of course, for most acclimated Arizonans, that is rather chilly.)  I wish I had requested a table as the main area of the restaurant seemed really relaxed and intimate. I ended up being seated at a booth in the bar, directly next to the very loud kitchen. The waitress was reasonably friendly and promptly re-filled my water cup at least six times. I ordered the Alaskan Halibut & Jumbo Crab.  Within minutes she brought out a loaf of hot, freshly baked bread. It was delicious. My meal came out not long after that. My first impression was, holy crap, that is a TINY meal for $40!The food was amazing, however. Lot's of flavor and cooked just right. Although I tried to pace myself, it was over all too soon. Immediately upon finishing, I was thinking I could have easily eaten three more just like it. A little bit later, after the meal had settled however, I felt very satisfied, if not quite full. My total bill, including the tip, came to just less than $50. As I stated above, that is a lot of money for me, and it will definitely limit how often I eat at this place.  I am sure I will try it again sometime however.
5	I was very happy to see that there was a Pappadeaux here - a little bit of home!  It gets busy at peak times so either go early or plan to wait a bit. The food is excellent so bring your appetite.
5	Love... Love... Love!! After my long flight back to the Arizona desert, I was excited to try their frog and alligator - extremely delicious.  Next time, I will try the frog and alligator legit, no frying and no bread crumbs to change their natural flavor.  Oysters are soo yummy.  I automatically taste the ocean, which I miss dearly.  Definitely recommend and don't be scared to try the unusual!!
5	One of my fave restaurants in Dallas and so happy there is one here in this godforsaken wasteland.  If you like raw bar seafood..this is the place for you.  Their oysters are awesome (just hint..don't be swayed by the more expensive oysters..not worth it and they are smaller.  Texas gulf oysters are delicious).  This place can get expensive, but the portions are huge and splitting is recommended.  The raw bar is very very reasonable and it's where I tend to hang out.  Bakers dozen of oysters and one of their sublime Bloody Mary's is a perfect combo.  Usually get their mozzarella sticks too which are light and crunchy with a very good marinara sauce.  Salads are yummy.  I tend not to order off the menu as the appetizers are filling enough, but I have had their fish, although I don't Cajun anything..if it's a good piece of fish and cooked right, you don't need to pepper it up.  Seafood brochette over dirty rice is one of my favorites and always tons left over for like a dinner and a lunch.  Best seafood place in the valley..hands down.  Oh..and the waitstaff is top notch.
4	Out of town and close to where we were staying. Looked at reviews and was excited to go. The place is HuGe. We couldn't get a table for 45 min so ate at the bar. Food was really good. But note this is not a chap place.
4	Son of a gun, had some fun on the bayou...  We decided to splurge a little for a special occasion, and I'm glad we did!  Pappadeaux was a really fine evening out with exceptional food, delightful surroundings, and excellent company.  I ordered the lobster despite my inexperience with how to approach it -- our waiter gave me a quick tutorial and I'm so grateful.  My husband ordered Pasta Mardi Gras and loved it - he likes it spicy!  I was glad we left the young 'un home so we could be free and easy on a date night, but we could have brought her as it was kid friendly and she would have enjoyed it.  It was a grand night on the town - we loved the ambiance and the swanky yet unpretentious feel of this place.  Their website says "Fun, Festive & Always Original" and I must agree...
4	We went there on Saturday, and it was" very" busy, not just cause it was a Saturday, but the Saturday before Mothers Day. However our experience was awesome. We sat at the bar, and well gotta send a "shout out" to Jemma, who was not our waitress, but was delivering food to the bar. She took time to tell us what each dish was as this was our first time there. She was Awesome! And our two bartenders who took care of us Nick and Missy, hooked us up on the lump crab & spinach dish which was amazing. The food here was very good, and these three persons great service will definitely bring us back!!
5	Exclusive seafood restaurant... easily the best in the phoenix area. we love the fried frog legs(try pan fried too) . also the crab cakes are awesome.first time oyster eaters and it was a great experience. the items on the lunch and dinner section are very pricey but worth it. too rich in flavor if looking to find a fault. don't buy drinks , even their strongest drink (swamp thing or something like that) was a joke. buy another round of frog legs instead !!!!!
5	oh nom nom nom nom here. I've been to the one in New Mexico - but for some reason, it didn't stand out as much there. I think it might have been the Lunch course.THIS was definitely a much better experience.We got here a little after 8 pm, a bit early for our 8:30 pm reservations. They had our table ready and whenever we were ready to go. They were uber accommodating - even when our party of 10 became a party of 8.Brook was our server. AWESOME MAN. Fantastic suggestions, substitution, and all over awesomeness. Wished I lived closer to have this place all the time.Wine cellar for our private party. You should ask - it fits about 10-12 people comfortably. What we ordered-* Mississippi Catfish Opelousas - Blackened catfish with shrimp, oysters & jumbo lump crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice ... It was so light, so flavorful. OH my. I totally understand why my friend LOVES this dish. $29.99*Atlantic Salmon Yvette (11 oz. 26.95 .. 7 oz. 22.95) Char-grilled salmon with shrimp, crawfish, mushrooms & spinach, in a sherry white wine sauce, with dirty rice.* Pappadeaux sampler - Fried fish filets (choice of catfish, tilapia or both), shrimp, blue crab cake, stuffed shrimp & stuffed crab with extra fried shrimp & crawfish)... the extra is what separates the seafood platter vs pappadeaux sampler. ($32.99)*Oyster sampler appetizer - with both of their baked oysters (Oysters Pappadeaux - Baked oysters on the half shell with crabmeat, spinach & hollandaise and Oysters Baton Rouge - Oysters on the half shell baked with a Parmesan Romano cheese sauce) - $13.95, with three of each oyster.*Appetizer Trio - Mini shrimp & crawfish fondeaux, fried alligator & hot smoked salmon* (we switched the salmon for Coconut shrimp) OH nom nom nom. This was one fantastic appetizer - can be shared or ordered as an entree - $22.99Somewhat disappointed in their section of raw oysters - Gulf Coast and Blue point only.Lobster tank in front, with their prices per pound. Will definitely come back especially now i know what I ordered. Pretty pricey, but totally worth the flavors and food. OH nom nom nom indeed
5	Love this place. Great food!  Closest thing to new orleans seafood.  I always bring my family here and they really love it!  Prefect for big parties.  Note: must try the category 5 daiquiri (more than one is at your own risk) lol! Enjoy!!!!!
4	Good food, good service.
5	Its a Thursday night and the kids are at Grandma's house. Catfish and shrimp are two of my favorites and they were excellent here. The place is packed yet the service was still great. I've been coming here for years and will continue to. And The shrimp and crab fondue is awesome!!!
5	While in the Phoenix area I decided to have dinner here on a friend recommendation. The food is absolutely the best. I had the seafood, sausage gumbo. Absolutely the best. No skimping on the seafood or sausage. The breaded, fried alligator was a little spicy for my wife, but it was great for me. Went back the second nite for dinner.  Wait staff very good, service very good. Would go back again.
4	Lunch visit:  I dine here with work friends once or twice per year.  Huge fan of the seafood salad, frog legs, alligator, shrimp, catfish, and clam chowder.  I like the change of pace and it's large enough that you rarely have to wait being seated around noon.For groups of 8-10 ask for the Wine Room off the bar for a more intimate dining experience with groups.  It's a nice quiet room where they store their wines, a great place to have conversation when you are with an oversized group.The courtyard is nice transition zone from the parking lot and helps set mood.  Unfortunately when you get in it can be a bit noisy.
5	hand down,  this is the ceasar and emperor of seafood restaurants!  period! i started my delectable journey with pappadeaux's in the early 90's when i used to take business trips to houston,  dallas & austin,  texas. then in 2005, i discovered that they were in phoenix, az. equally as phenomenal!  now, over 5 years later,  i'm back in the phoenix area and of course i have to stop back here! and its just as delicious and phenomenol as ever!  you must order the new salmon & shrimp and the sea bass. they are both off the chain!!!! if eating those dishes were a crime!  it would be a felony! the catfish is omg, so, so, so tender, meaty  and dreamy!
4	This place is pretty great. It's a bit pricey, but from what I tasted, you get what you pay for. I had a "alex-something" dish, and it was amazing. The menu is huge, and if even half of it tastes as good as what I had, then I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. I will be back.
5	Live this place!!! My favorite thing to have here is blackened Puerto rican mahi, it's so tasty...I'm only allowed to eat fish once a week but if I could I would eat here everyday.
4	Stopped by late night for a nice big beer and some alligator. We tried the appetizer trio and the seared ahi tuna. Food was delicious. Service was great for a Friday night. Definitely go for the larger beer on tap. The bigger size is definitely worth the dollar!!
5	The food was not only fresh and amazing, but the service was 10 star worthy! Our server Matt went above and beyond and above again to make sure our experience was top notch!
5	My first experience at this chain... I usually try to eat local when traveling but my partner wanted to eat here. The service was absolutely some of the best I have ever. Our server was Matt, he knew the menu forward and back and even offered us an appetizer that wasn't on the menu, blacked alligator, crazy good. The food was great as well, I ordered the Caribbean lobster tail, it was huge and very flavorful. We did have one mix up with the kitchen but Matt explained the situation and handled it. One of the best dining experiences ever. Check them out, and ask for Matt, you won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place! My server was Matt and he was awesome. I asked him for his recommendations and he knew them right off the bat.  He has many favorites as you really can't go wrong but I decided to go with his top picks: the lobster bisque to start with and the Jumbo Shrimp brochette with dirty rice. SO GOOD. When I got there, they had just opened 30 mins prior and already they were pretty busy. The place is clean, excellent food, and marvelous service. I'm definitely making this my go-to spot for my monthly business visits. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
5	Pappadeaux has one of the greatest happy hour menus at the bar.  The seafood fondue is one of our favorites.
2	I do not understand why a recipe gets changed after years of proven success.  I love Pappadeaux's - but why change the PO Boy recipe?  I was in Houston for business & thought how lucky to be getting a Po Boy from Pappadeaux's.  I did not read the menu as I knew ahead of time what I was going to get, but to my surprise it was different.  Instead of Remoulade Sauce, it now comes with Tartar & Cocktail sauce and pickle slices??? Not so good anymore...planning a trip to Phx in August, want Po-Boys...but not with the new recipe.
5	My bestie and I came in for dinner a few weeks ago.  Everything was perfect.  The food is by far some of the best I've had in a while.  I definitely recommend the spinach and lump crab dip, the Mahi Mahi, and the creme brulee.  The ambiance is dim, lively, and very New Orleans.  Our server, LeAndrew (sp?) was perfect and made us laugh the whole time (a couple of times I'm pretty sure he didn't mean too; he was just so accommodating it made us smile).  Additionally, any staff member who walked by made sure to clear our dirty dishes and fill our only half empty waters.  Even though it is far from my Mesa home base I WILL be returning!
5	Delicious and great service!  First time I've been here - busy on a Wednesday evening but we were greeted and seated very promptly, had a great waiter and the food was delicious.  Huge restaurant so even though it was busy it didn't feel crowded.  Highly recommend!
5	One of the BEST CAJUN SEAFOOD restaurant that I've eaten at! Vontae our server was spot on with his recommendations from the Blackened Alligator, Cajun Crabcakes and Pasta Mardi Gras with extra sauce on the side. I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out, the menu is stacked with seafood entrees with fish flown in daily & everything is made from scratch. Be prepared for an even more pleasant dining experience if you are fortunate to have Vontae as your server. Can't say enough great things about this place. Kudos to Vontae as this was my first time eating here & in Phoenix.
5	I was in phoenix for the day and had a craving for oysters on the half shell.  Living in a small town in northern Arizona a person does not have that luxury.  Went there for lunch ordered the blue point oysters, gumbo and shrimp poor boy. The oysters were  ice cold and fresh as you will find anywhere. Everything there was great including the service.  I will be back.
4	We returned here for dinner and had a much better experience than previously.This time, we ordered the appetizer trio, shrimp gumbo, the fried shrimp & cajun chicken tenderloins platter, & the 2 catfish plate. We thought that the best thing on the trio platter was the shrimp & crawfish fondeaux! It was really creamy & tasted delicious with the crostini. The two other items on the plate were also worth mentioning; the hot salmon was really flavorful due to the honey mustard that it was topped with & the alligator sauce was really tasty (I've never had alligator & it wasn't for me but it was really crispy). The shrimp gumbo was interesting ... again, not for me but not bad either. Our dinner items we had ordered were good - the shrimp & chicken were both crispy & tasty, the catfish not as much but still okay.I think that this restaurant, based on the service & food gets 3.5 stars (4 only b/c I really enjoyed the fondeaux!!). This would have been much more impressive of a restaurant if the prices were lower, but I'd leave it as an option for a once-in-a-blue-moon date night option.
5	Absolutely amazing food. Our server was Amanda, she was unbelievably attentive, especially for how busy they were, and extremely sweet to my children. It was our first time there and I already can't wait to go back!
5	3 words: Chilean Sea Bass. I have always loved this place. The atmosphere is Great!  My fiance and I always get the oysters and Alligator. It is a bit pricey, but well worth it. We go every chance we get. Service is ALWAYS on point! Love love love!
5	Chilean sea bass is to die for. Bartender ryan was excellent.  Outstanding food and service. Oysters pappadeux were incredible.
4	Well worth the drive from Chandler... there have been many who have tired to duplicate but this is the closest to NOLA food there is here in the valley.  The atmosphere is great, the staff is always prompt and polite... and if you sign up for the email club you get a comp dessert for your birthday..get here
1	Ugh... I love Pappadeaux, but I will never understand why the service is so bad in the AZ location.  We asked to move tables and after arguing with me for a few minutes the waiter finally agreed to let us switch to a more suitable table (one with slightly less flies) ... He promptly stood back and watched me carry all of our drinks and plates to the next table.  Another server was kind enough to come from his section to help my grandmother from her seat.  Food is typically delicious, but the continued poor service leaves an awful taste in my mouth.
5	This is absolutely the best place for fresh lobster/seafood. I was able to pick out the lobster I wanted from the tank and it was served fresh with butter and asparagus. The service was incredible and made for a great date. I will be going again soon I hope.
4	The wife & I finally got back to give these guys another try by using the gift cards they sent us in apology for our last experience. This time was much better. Our server, JENNIFER (a trainer) was awesome. Never wanted, needed or had to ask for anything. She was on top of her game! Food was hot, fresh and came out in a relatively quick amount of time. I had the fried shrimp & catfish filets again and my wife tried the Lobster & Crab salad. We were both happy. We also started with a lobster bisque which was just slightly on the salty side. I still think the portions are small in relation to price. I had 5 shrimp and 2 catfish filets ($25). Overall, a save on their part in customer retention.
5	Wow. Catfish poboy and the father in law had fried oysters and shrimp with a baked potato. Portions are big and the good is outstanding!! Server was Jessica who is more reason to give this place 5 stars! The Mrs. ate before we went and just tagged along...also decided to get the bread pudding and loved every bite. Place is huge and the atmosphere is a lot of fun. We'll be back for that poboy and to see Jessica!
5	The Pappas restaurant group is always superb, with Pappadeaux being one of the best. Food is high quality and serving size is larger than most restaurants. Service is always attentive. Atmosphere is pure cajun. We tried the oysters on the half shell and shrimp gumbo for appetizers, the pan seared tilapia was outstanding, and for dessert the pumpkin pecan pie with ice cream was delicious. Wine list is extensive with wine by the glass available, and the bar is stocked with premiums too. Pappadeaux is highly recommended. Enjoy!
3	Since writing the original review, I have been contacted by the manager of the restaurant. He discussed correcting the problems that I noticed, and sent a card for a free meal. Since I accept no free meals from anyone, I gave the card away to another person who would like to eat there. While I can't give another star without eating there again, the concern of the manager speaks volumes to me. I will be reevaluating this restaurant in the future.
4	The restaurant is a great environment and the food is excellent. I recommend getting the alligator bites as an appetizer or their oysters.Every lunch and dinner entree I have tasted has been top quality. The only reason that I do not give Papadeaux a 5 star rating is that all entrees are high price. I understand greeting crab stuffed crab claws and lobster being pricey, but typical Cajun dishes are $10-15 over priced. Expect a $75-100 check if getting an app with dinner.
4	Excellent restaurant, very fresh seafood, and a nice ambience. Our server was a bit wet behind the ears, but polite. I would definitely come here again! Good place for a date night.
4	Lovely tomato salad with lump crab meat enough for a meal by itself, mussels are great as an app! Good food and consistent.
5	This is the place in Phoenix to get real, authentic, and delicious southern style seafood.I've had lunch and dinner here, multiple times, and I have never been disappointed by the quality and quantity of the dishes or drinks. The Blue Point oysters, crayfish, lobsters (I bought a 4+ pounder!), well...everything. It's all fantastic.
4	Hoo, boy..these are some good eats!We stopped in for lunch to find a bustling crowd in a massive restaurant, though the attentive staff more than made up for the lunch rush.We were seated quickly and had little trouble finding something on the seafood heavy, Cajun-inspired menu. Kicking off the meal was an order of the alligator bites: spiced, fried chunks of alligator with a zesty red sauce for dipping and a heap of crispy potato straws. The gator was cooked perfectly, neither mushy nor rubbery with a noticeable punch. Figuring it would be awhile before I saw alligator on a menu again, I went for the half po boy/gumbo lunch combo. The baguette was stuffed with fried alligator, lettuce, and pickles covered with tartar and cocktail sauces. Topped with a squeeze of lemon, it was hearty, delicious, and paired nicely with a cup of fiery andouille and seafood gumbo, packed with crab meat, sausage, shrimp, and that holy trinity of bell pepper, celery, and onions.Worth the trek from lower Phoenix (or the suburbs).
5	I have been here twice and twice I have been satisfied. Of course the parking lot get's full after 1 pm , poeple want to dine with friends and family also the waiting patios gets full very fast. So make time to plan it. Well, any ways  , My wife and I tried the Gumbo and Shrimp Coktail , Pasta Mardi Gras and Shrimp  Scallop Pasta. For Dessert the " Dessert Trio " ..  Pricey but Good.. I dont' always dine here, but when I  do I enjoy it..... There is alot of plates to choose from they look good. Very good come and check it out .
5	The Chilean Sea Bass was so well caught  packed, cooked and prepared I can not imagine a seafood experience in the middle of the desert so exceptional. It's no mirage. Great service! Worth the drive. Ill be back.
5	OMG I Love this place! The Calamari was super fresh! And the lemon aioli sauce was so refreshing, it was an explosion of flavors! My husband ordered the steamed muscles and was completely satisfied! They were cooked to perfection and were soooo fresh! I ordered the Main Lobster and it was freaken HUGE! It was definitely more than I expected! Oh and did I mention their oysters were on sale that night? They were like $8.00 a dozen and fresh and so tasty! Our server was so polite and very knowledgeable about the menu. The price was a little steep but definitely worth it!
5	This is our first of many visits to this excellent Cajun Restaurant. on this trip we got the alligator appetizer,  my wife ordered the seafood platter and I the crayfish platter.Keep in mind you get a large amount of food for every plate.Alligators is superb with the perfect amount of tastey spice. Slightly hot but outstanding seasoning. The side sauce is very smokey and pairs perfectly.The seafood platter was excellent. I ate the crab cake for my wife since it was a bit spicey for her. She loved the fish, shrimp, and the huge baked potato fully loaded. Crayfish platter was a huge portion of fried crayfish and a large full serving of crayfish etouffet. Wonderfully seasoned with perfect heat. Amazing food.Also had the excellent praline pecan cheesecake that surpasses all cheesecakes I gave ever eaten. All said and done we had 4 to go boxes that could easily cover two more meals. I can not say enough wonderful things. Our waiter was so knowledgeable about every aspect of the food and made our stay outstanding. We asked for the manager to sing his praises. Outstanding guy.
5	This was a delicious experience.  The atmosphere is fantastic and so is the food and finally the customer service.  The first items I ordered:  fried alligator 5/5(the sauce was spicy, creamy, and almost gravy like).  The next was the spinach dip with the bombest bread ever 5/5!For the main course I had to try the Andouille, Crab, and Shrimp Gumbo!  Delicious people!  It took me down south with every bite!  It was an explosion of flavor that I truly enjoyed.  Also, the Shrimp Po Boys were fantastic!  Finally I ordered the Fried Catfish with almost a beignet covered in spicy gravy!  Yum!  Also the sides were great I highly recommend the Cheesy Grits with Andouille.  Bring your friends, bring hour family, and definitely bring your fat pants!  Pappadeaux oh how I've fallen in love with thee!  Cheers !!
4	Several years ago, when business travel to Houston was regular, I became a big fan of the Pappas family restaurants-- Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen in particular.  As we drove north from Phoenix airport to Sedona I noticed a sign for Pappadeaux, and knew that this would be a lunch stop when the final portion of our vacation brought us back to Phoenix.The restaurant is large, attractively appointed and comfortable, with an encyclopedic menu of fish and seafood offerings.  Although best known for their Cajun preparations, there are abundant choices for everyone who enjoys well-prepared fish and seafood.Our server, Nicholaus, effortlessly navigated a crowded lunchtime dining room with our order.  Although a bit distant, he was a consummate professional.Brought first to the table was a large platter of crispy fried alligator nuggets, served with a full-bodied spicy sauce.  I ordered a platter of fried oysters, one of my favorites, while my family selected po boy sandwiches of shrimp or alligator.  We each had a cup of their Andouille, Crab, and Shrimp Gumbo.  The sandwiches were bountiful, and from what I was told, absolutely delicious.  The same could be said for the fried oysters.  A tartar sauce whose consistency was a bit less obvious as a packaged commercial product is all that separated this lunch from greatness.  The seafood was all fried just to the point of presenting a crispy coating surrounding tender, moist and flavorful protein.Hardly an inexpensive lunch, Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen is in that class of restaurant that I would seek out wherever they operate.
4	We always come to Papadeaux when we come to Phoenix! The fried shrimp and catfish is my go too! I have tried several things here and they have all been tasty but there is something about the simplicity of fried shrimp and catfish that just makes me happy! :) The portions are large there's always good food. It's hard to save room for dessert so we ordered it to go. Definitely get the banana pudding. When you order it to go they just put the whole mason jar in the to go box and give it to you!
2	We looked forward for over a month to our meal at Pappadeaux. And I want immediately understood that the only reason I could not leave a better review was I couldn't taste any of the food. I guess one should understand that Cajun means over spiced, but there were so many things I was looking forward to I guess I just didn't expect the food to be so very spicy. My mother is Mexican so I have had my share of food that had heat, but somewhere along in my years to me heat just stopped being a flavor and became a coverup for sub par food. Like I said, my review should not in any way hinder you from giving them a shot. Especially if you're one of those folks who likes their dinner with generous wads of napkins to wipe away sweat. I wanted so much to like it here, but I can't in good conscience say it was a good experience.
5	Best cajun food outside of Louisiana, without question. I could eat their crawfish etouffee every day for the rest of my life and die a happy man
5	I prefer my food from the land and not the sea so seafood is not a dining favorite of mine. My picky style has never resisted me for taking up an opportunity to dine at Pappadeux as they have on shore tasty items on the menu. I always seem to dive into the crispy chicken fingers along with the wide variety of sides, however my last visited I was tempted to try the broiled half chicken. Boy was I impressed. It was so flavorful and fell right off the bone. Not only was it not dry but it was juicy. Matter of fact those seafood eaters who dined with me tasted a sample and wanted to clean my plate. Too bad and so sad for them they will have to come back because I ate it all. Along with the spaghetti squash and a bed of white rice. The great thing about this restaurant is they have a wide variety of options to choose from. A large dining area for larger parties and even a private room. You can dine casually to a romantic date or even have a party the whole crew will be impressed. They even have a full size bar with the same great menu. Pappadeaux the place to go!
5	I'm not usually big on chain restaurants but Pappadeaux's has consistently been good at every location I've been to.  I almost always get the Crawfish Etoufee.  I'm so addicted to that stuff.  I took my husband here for his birthday on our most recent visit and mentioned it was his birthday.  Hubs got to pick out any dessert he wanted, complimentary!  I know a lot of places do this but it was also a full size dessert.  Awesome!
5	Ya know, I just kinda get Pappadeaux. Is it exquisite? No. Is it fancy? No. Is it really really good and consistent? Yes. The food is always spot on. It is as fresh as it can be in Phoenix. I have yet to find anyplace as consistently good as Pappadeaux. It is not cheap but quality seafood never is. Party of 5 with 1 child 300.00 with gratuity. We ate really well. My two favorites are Shrimp Po Boy and Shrimp Etouffe for meals. Alligator is very very good, so is the lobster bisque and the oysters on the half shell. I don't know how else to say it other than I personally totally get it and I love the fact that I do.
3	With seafood cravings at an all time high, I had high expectations of Pappadeaux, I mean it has the word seafood in it's name after all ...I came here for dinner with intentions of ordering oysters and possibly trying their other signature items I've heard so much about. Kind of gimmicky since it's has that themed restaurant feel, think Bubba Gump's, Red Lobster and the likes. It's dark and covered with seaside/fishing decor.I went with a Watermelon Lemonade to sip on. A dozen Blue Point oysters and the Appetizer Trio to share. No entrees here as we knew this place does hefty portions. The service here is good and very quick, they refill waters with a quickness!The Watermelon Lemonade was okay, just a lemonade with watermelon syrup and really sweet.The Blue Point Oysters were good, though they came with horseradish, cocktail sauce ,spicy soy sauce and lemons, I was hoping they would at least have served it with a mignonette. The horseradish was okay, cocktail sauce too sweet and the spicy soy sauce was just plain wrong. I ended up eating the oysters with lemon and tabasco. Nice and slightly more briney than the Pacific oysters that were also on the menu and had more of a bite to them.The Appetizer Trio came with fried gator, Crawfish/Shrimp Fondeaux and Smoked Salmon. To be quite honest, the fried gator is hands down amazing! I have never had gator and didn't expect it to be so juicy, tender and delicious. The sauce they serve it with is such a great pairing. The Smoked Salmon was juicy and cooked well, slightly smokey flavor. The Fondeaux tasted too strange for my liking, the shrimp tasted off, crawfish was a bit tough and the cheese for the Fondeaux did not pair well with the seafood and garlic bread.This place is pretty pricey, appetizers go from $10-16 and the entrees from what I recall go from $25+ The only thing that was good about Pappadeaux was their fried gator, other than that I would have to pass.
4	Always a fan of Pappadeux.  The last time I was here was for a group Valentine's date with two other couples.  Love was in the air that night especially since the couple at the table next to us got engaged.  Not exactly what I would call a romantic intimate setting but hey, it worked for them because the lady said yes!I love their crawfish, the fried alligator, and the Pappadeux oysters.  I haven't really ventured out to try anything else besides those three items.  The crawfish they serve up here has good flavor and are big but not exactly the best with all the new crawfish boil shops popping up.  I do think their fried alligator is still the best in town especially with their dipping sauce.  As for the Pappadeux oysters, what's not to love?  It's a dressed up oyster!This place gets packed fast, it's always super loud in here, and the decor is kind of tacky and gimmicky but it's a seafood restaurant so what do you really expect?  Come to Pappadeux for a fun night out with some decent eats!
5	This is a true favorite.  Have been here several times, and have NEVER had any thing less than a great experience.  Food... well awesome.  Servers are out of this world.   It is always fun... recommend the patio in permissible weather.  Actually...never have eaten inside.. The Crab fingers.. and the oysters are THE best! :)
5	This place is amazing.. any time I have extra cash I spend it right here! the service is amazing and what I love is the fact that I could order a to go order and still get the same amount of food and bread as if I were sitting at the table to dine in. This is something that many restaurants lack! when ordering take out many times they take away a soup or salad... not at this place! The seafood is always fresh and the staff always have a smile!!! I love it here
4	I came here with co-workers on a business trip to have some great food and unwind.  The decor is nice, and we were seated very quickly.  Service is fantastic and I never had a water glass less than half full.  Excellent specialty cocktails and ice-cold beer complimented our food.I ordered a appetizer sampler and it was incredible.  Highly recommended.  Also had fish which was cooked to perfection.  Pappadeaux is a bit on the pricey side, but that was expected and the food and service are definitely up to par with the prices.
2	Just left after having dinner and this time just was not a pleasant experience.We started with an hour wait (no problem at all we sat and had drinks)At the bar we had frog legs mmm they were good.Our buzzer went off and we got seated.First they never gave us silverware I had to get up and ask for it (no problem they were busy)Our waiter seemed pre-occupied and made us feel like unwanted guest.We sat with our drinks empty most of the dinner our appetizers came late and our food came cold.I had Costa Rican Mahi it was very good although cold the grits and sauce were amazing.My husband had bacon wrapped shrimp he asked for a baked potato side was quoted a $3.95 price (I may be wrong on the change) and when the bill came it was almost $6.00 for a baked potato that also came way after the food came out.We went with friends they had the seafood platter and chicken linguini.Meal is over we are thirsty as our glasses weren't refilled.Our friends food gets taken to the back to be boxed only one meal got boxed and when we asked about the other he went to the back and came back with a piece of fish in a box. When we asked where the rest of the meal went he said it got dumped. Well wait that makes no sense as I have a piece of fish right here how do you dump fries but save the fish that was on top of the fries?Needless to say they won't be eating the fish! He did give 2 free deserts to make up for the food that got thrown.Key lime pie was very good as was the chocolate brownie.Of course we will return we enjoy this place.Hopefully next time it will be better :)
5	A must if you are in the area!! We had a party of 6 and everyone was pleased with their meal. The decor gives you that New Orleans vibe. We were seated promptly although it was very crowded.   The crab legs ate HUGE, mussels very flavorful and the fried platters are amazing!
5	Been here several times and never dissapointed!!!! Foods great, service is amazing!! Wait time can suck but worth the wait
5	I've had Pappadeaux in Dallas, Austin, Albuquerque and Phoenix and was more than satisfied every single time!  This is one of my favorite chain seafood restaurants!  The quality of the seafood at every location is suburb.  Big portions and flavor galore!I must admit ... this location I think has the slowest service ... even at the bar!
5	First great service! Our waitress filled our teas and was just wonderful.  Even brought us a to go ice tea. The appetizer was the fried calamari.  I would call it a 3.5 it was tough and chewy and greasy. I ordered the Chicken Pasta dish and I give it a 5/5. Big portion great flavors. My husband had the Cajun Combo. He loved the catfish but the shrimp portion had a huge pile of white rice with tomatoes and then 5 little shrimp. Still a great value and well done. I recommend sitting in the back as its a noisy place but great atmosphere.
5	Let me start out by saying that I don't like chains, but I do like Pappas. However, living in California, I rarely have a chance to patronize them. Was in town visiting this past weekend, so I finally had my chance. Turns out that we liked it so much on Saturday that we came back again the next night on Sunday!In order to avoid the wait. we had reservations both times. On Saturday, Andres C. Rodriguez was singing and playing some beautiful acoustic guitar, so we decided to sit outside to listen. Even though it was over 80 degrees, it was OK, since the sun wasn't on us. Colin was our server, and he did a great job. Good selection of local beers on tap in 18 and 12 ounce sizes.Started with Oysters Pappadeaux with crabmeat, spinach & hollandaise, which was absolutely insane! Mom and I agreed that it may indeed have been the best single dish that we have ever eaten and a good value at $13.95 for six. Despite the cooking, the oysters were still juicy and not overdone. I had the amazing Seafood Platter, which included Fried tilapia, shrimp, blue crab cake, stuffed shrimp & stuffed crab with French fries. So much food...I couldn't finish it! Had the fries and one of the tilapia fillets for breakfast! The tilapia was very lightly breaded and perfectly fired. Still very juicy inside. Perhaps the best fried fish anywhere. Mom had sauteed soft shell crabs with dirty rice. No...room...for...dessert! On Sunday, we went inside. Nice cozy, dark space. We tried to be clever, but we still over-ordered. Started with the complimentary warm baguette and the small Greek salad, which was expertly assembled table-side and was 100% crisp and fresh. Shared a full bowl of seafood gumbo. Amazing flavor, with okra, crab and tons of shrimp! Followed by Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes over crawfish in a light butter sauce ($23 for two) They were served with a garnish of potato sticks and a bit over-wrought for my taste. No need for breading...these deserve to be broiled. Loved the sauce...mopped it all up!For our entree, we ordered the Crawfish sampler which was half fried crawfish and half Crawfish etouffee over dirty rice. Took a few bites of the fried while it was warm. It was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. No need for extra sauces. Took the rest to-go. Etouffee had tons of large, juicy tails. It was delicious, even when re-heated in a microwave (I know, god forbid!!!)One of the good parts about a chain is consistency, in food quality and service. Both were made very clear at this location. The prices aren't cheap, but it's not ridiculous either. Both times, our bill for two, with drinks was in the $90 range. Wish I lived closer. I'm now dying to find proper Gulf Coast seafood in Los Angeles...it's not easy!
5	When I found out there was a Pappadeaux in Phoenix, I wanted to treat my girlfriend for something different since she's never tried Pappadeaux or Cajun style food.  Atmosphere was great, but it was a tad bit chilly inside (had to grab my coat from the car).  The oysters and cocktail shrimps were nice and plump not the miniature sized ones you would find in other chain seafood restaurants.  I ordered the deep fried soft shell crab and it was amazing as usual and my gf ordered the mahi mahi with the cheese grits and green beans.  One thing that my gf complained was that the menu did not have indications of the food being spicy.  Her grits were a little bit spicy.  But I told her it's kind of inferred since it is Cajun style.  Other than that, food was fantastic.  And would definitely try it if you're in the PHX area.
5	Very impressive!!! The place looks classy very romantic atmosphere... On a friday night (we arrived at approximately 8:40) at which point they  said the wait time would be about an hour. We sat outside enjoyed the live music & within 20 minutes... BAAAMMN we were seated! Our server NATHAN was oh so helpful in recommending food as this was our 1st time. Everything was delicious & well portions were filling no room for desert :'(A bit pricey but great place to take a date or celebrate something! Will definitely come back soon!!!
4	Always great food and service.  Their mignonette for the oysters is one of the best I have ever tasted. Great for a quick seafood fix or a nice sit down meal.
4	Great place with a large variety of menu choices from alligator, crab, lobster, pastas, and steaks.  The banana pudding is a must have for dessert.  A bit pricey, expect to spend over $50 for a dinner for two.  Has a nice outdoor seating area and offers a full bar.
5	We went for our anniversary on a Friday Night. There was a very large crowd and a thirty minute wait. We decided to stay, and boy was I glad we did. They had a live band playing in a very nice court yard with water features and seating outside. The cocktails were very good. I started with a dozen oysters, they were excellent. I also had the Filet Mignon and grilled lobster tail. It was beyond words. The service was excellent. A little pricey our tab was over $300  for a party of three. I would go again. It is a very fun environment and very loud, so if you are looking for a quiet romantic place, not so much.
5	Excellent
5	The salads here are absolutely ah-mazing!  My fav is the chopped salad with crawfish....delicious!
5	Honestly this was the best meal with my family in a very long time. Not only is this place absolutely beautiful, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the food is amazing! I had the spiked cherry limeade with my dinner (yum!). We also had both the calamari  and the alligator and appetizers. My husband and daughter had steak and lobster and I had the grilled shrimp brochettes. Each dish was fresh and flavorful! Not a dud in the bunch. We had a wonderful time and are looking forward to returning.
5	can't wait for crawfish seafood ... most of all can't wait till they open one up on the east side ... like gilbert az area ...:)
5	INCREDIBLE! My dad had been to their locations in Texas and highly recommended we go out of the way to try this place. So glad we did. EVERYTHING we had was to die for. Even the bread. So I imagine you can't go wrong with anything here. I had the sirloin and was blown away. And the bread pudding... Again, incredible!
5	Great food and great service! If you want to experience New Orleans delicious cuisine, this is the place. I will be back and recommend it !
5	I had often heard of this place and was excited to go. I must say that I was not disappointed at all. The customer service was excellent from beginning to end.  The peach ice tea was great, with a fresh taste to it. We ordered the large basket of calamari which was shared between 3 people. Large, warm  French bread was included and it was fresh. With so many options to choose from, I chose the Seafood Platter. The seasoning was not overwhelming, but rather just enough, to still know you had seafood on your plate. This meal is actually enough to share with your special person. I highly recommend this place for just about any special occasion or with a group of friends.
5	I was in Phoenix for the annual Origami Owl convention.  Pappadeaux is where my team leader chose to have our team dinner. I loved this choice because of the extensive options on the menu. There was so much to choose from that I didn't know where to start! I studied the menu the best way I knew how while hungry . I chose a cup of Louisiana  Shrimp Gumbo to start. It wasn't salty like most places it had the right amount of spice to clear your throat. There was also a generous amount of seafood for the size.  I chose the Mississippi Catfish Opelousas for my main dish  after much debate  going on in my head. I usually like my catfish fried but I thought this would be healthier even though it would be sitting on Lemon Garlic Butter sauce. I really can't say, " No" to things with lemon garlic butter. I had an issue with eating oysters that night so they simply left them out and added more Shrimp and jumbo crab meat. It was absolutely divine with the dirty rice ! Loved it!! I was stuffed but I couldn't turn my back on the Banana Wafer pudding that was served in a cute mason jar! The pudding was nice and thick and not too sweet. It was perfect! I also shared my husband's drink Swamp Thing but it was too strong for me. I wish we had one of these restaurants in Las Vegas!
5	Mm mm MMM. this place is outstanding!! Excellent food, not to mention excellent service!!! My boyfriend & I dropped a pretty penny here, not to mention our server got a great tip for being so outstanding & helpful. Super cool guy, our drinks were always full, went above & beyond explaining all the food/dessert options they had, super polite. I have nothing to complain about. Food was promptly delivered. Thanks guys!
5	New update guys.. Group of 5 came in on Fri. Our server will, was amazing very detailed oriented and punctual even in a large room and crowd. The food has gotten alot better. In the past it tended to be a tad bit salty. This time everything was on point. Oyster where super fresh no sand witch u tend to get alot out here.had po.boy catfish recommendation more coleslaw the fries or amazing creole seasoning.gumbo had amazing taste not overly saltedWish They Would Increase Beer Selection MO RE Stouts Ipa.etc. better then last time service and food amazing.
2	I frequent the Pappadeaux in Denver which has been consistently excellent over the past 10 years. The Pappadeaux here in Phoenix, while "never" up to the standards of the Devnver franchise, was always worth the trip. Not so on my past 2 visits, while the ambience is still up to standard, the food quality, service, and bar energy has dropped off a cliff. The place was still packed with customers, I guess there's no accounting for taste.I can't see myself going back.
4	I love this restaurant no matter what location. We had Justin as our server Sat night. He was informative, hospitable and very accommodating. The mussels, gumbo, and lobsters were cooked perfectly. The bread pudding was delicious.  I wish we had one closer to Chandler.
3	My family ate here on Christmas eve.  The pros: crawfish bisque was excellent, the serve was great, the deserts were very good - large portions.  The cons: my Crawfish platter which included both Etoufee and fried crawfish was awful.  The etoufee had a dark brown gravy like taste that overwhelmed the few small pieces of crawfish it included over brown/dirty rice.  It was nasty, I picked out a few of the crawfish, but their flavor was overwhelmed with dark sauce -- I didn't eat.  The fried crawfish was a little better, but instead of being lightly fried, it was very small pieces of crawfish with heavy breading.  Basically, my meal was a waste - so I really didn't bother to eat much of it.  On the flip side, the rest of my family thought the place was pretty good -- not excellent, but good.  I would recommend avoiding the fried platters. My son ordered the chicken, he rated it as nothing special. I should mention that the noise level in the restaurant was extremely loud - so much so, there was a strong desire to exit as soon as possible, even possibly boxing the deserts to go home and eat instead.Based on this experience, I have no plans to return.
5	I know this place is a chain restaurant and I usually avoid those but damn the food is too good to resist. We always receive fabulous service at this location even when the place is packed. Management is good about actually having adequate amounts of servers at all times. We have been here for many lunches and dinners. They are wonderful at either time. The lunch specials do make this place more affordable for all.  Whatever time you come just know it will be worth it.
5	My wife and I decided to try Pappadaux since neither of us had ever eaten there before. What a great experience! Not knowing what to expect, I was extremely pleased with the restaurant. We arrived with no reservations and told it would be a 20-30 minute wait but we were shown to the bar area. As I am a fan of local microbrew beer, I ordered a Four Peaks Kiltlifter My wife had her usual cup of coffee. The bartenders were happy and funny and seemed to genuinely enjoy their job. The 20-30 minute wait only lasted about 10 minutes and we were shown to our table. The server was extremely helpful and knowledgeable in giving us a few suggestions to try. Even going to the point of letting us know what dishes she prefers in pairing with the appetizers. Since my allergy to mushrooms can cause issues, I asked if the meal can be made without them. Absolutely she replied. What happened next is what shocked us. The person running the kitchen came over to our table to make sure it is just an ingestion allergy and not a contact. She wanted to make sure that it was OK to cook in certain pots and pans. In my 48 years, no restaurant has ever asked me that. I felt taken care of from the beginning. The appetizers we had were fantastic. We enjoyed the crisp fried alligator and he crawfish and shrimp fondeaux. The fondeaux was the best creamy blend of cheese and seafood I've ever had. Definitely one appetizer you must try. Our main courses were equally as good. I had the Pasta Mardi Gras. Normally in restaurants when you order a main dish you can finish the entire thing. Pappadeaux loads up the plate with their food. I had lunch leftovers for two days. All in all the meal cost us about $100 with appetizers and drinks. Not a bad price for the experience we had. The atmosphere and employees were five star all the way. Leave room for their bread pudding for dessert. It's worth it.
5	I absolutely love this place! I was here for a company get together and was so impressed with the quality of food and service. I ordered the sea bass and it was absolutely to die for! I have heard great things about this restaurant and I'm glad I finally got to try it. I would recommend this place to everyone! I can not wait to go back and try some more! I'm not too sure what the cost is like because my meal was pre ordered for me.
2	New Year's EVE - we arrived @ 4 PM.    The waitress was a fly we wanted to get rid of.   It made the dinner most unpleasant.  I understand they want to turn the tables - but don't be a gnat.   Several times we ignored her.   The clam chowder hadn't been cooked enough.  The potatoes were not cooked.  It seemed like they had been added as an after thought.  The short well drink of gin/tonic came to almost $7 a piece.   REALLY?On New Year's I always give a 50% tip.   Not this year.   It was quite disappointing - from several servers outside smoking to the icky waitress.    TOO BAD!
5	Best seafood restaurant I've ever been to. Seafood flown in fresh everyday and all the sauces are made from scratch everyday.
5	What a great evening! My husband and I enjoy trying new restaurants (to us) and decided it was time to try Papadeaux's. I'm not going to lie, I was a little apprehensive since I'm not a "frog leg" or "alligator" type of person and up until this point, that's all I knew of Papadeaux's.  Boy was I wrong! Brenda, our server, was so helpful and suggested different ways we could try our selection of foods. She was on point with checking in at our table to make sure everything was good. Drinks never went empty and the food arrived one right after the other. Our bartender came by our table and it was then we learned he was actually one of the managers. Forrest had heard it was our first visit and wanted to  expressed his gratitude that we chose to visit Papadeaux's and even went out of his way to make sure our first visit was perfect. I've never been so pleased with a restaurant before visiting Papadeaux's so a big thank you to Brenda and Forrest. The drinks were amazing, the food was amazing, the service was amazing, everything was amazing!
5	My husband and I have been coming to this restaurant for many years. We had the best service from Brenda this past weekend and I had to share. She is worth requesting when you stop in to eat! Thank you Brenda for such great service! Can't wait to eat here again!
4	Shrimp po-boy all the way!  The bisque is good too!  I love this place.
5	I love this place! I have been going here for many years. My wife and I always celebrate our anniversary and birthdays here. This past weekend we celebrated my birthday here and we had Brenda as our server. She was awesome and we never had to wait for anything too long. Request her she won't let you down! :)
2	I just don't see how this place gets so much credit. Maybe the illusion of how good it is is set by the high prices. Having lived in Louisiana for 18 years, this place doesn't do Cajun a whole lot of justice. Yet it's always packed which makes it less appealing in my book. There is no desirable ambiance and the tables are snugged up together too tight to make conversion at your own enjoyable.There are more atmosphere friendly places in the valley with much better food and much better prices, like Baby Kay's. Spices are much more spot on as well.
1	Waitress spilled ice cold water on me in first 5 minutes. Drinks from bar were really bad. Had to send the first back. Second still was not good. Took her 10 minutes to make the Greek salads at the table while the other guests food got cold. Bad experience overall. This was Monday.
