4	I stopped by here with an enormous summer craving of Daquiri Ice, my all-time favorite flavor from BR31.  Sometimes this location does not have it, but I saw at least 5 or 6 sherbert-y flavors and started to worry, moved to the left of the case, and there it was....insert dream sequence making love to ice cream cone here.Actually before I even go to the door, a male customer opened the door for me, so I felt sort of red carpet-ish on my beat the heat mission.The two ice cream scoopers (or whatever their official title is) were soooo nice.  They approved of my daquiri ice craving (I said it was better than the old margarita, and one said, "I wouldn't know" and I realized they are in high school so I said, "Oh, not margaritas, I mean the flavor margarita ice!" -ahhhh so cute to be young!)Then they have a sign that the majority of their ice creams with a few exceptions are made in a kosher facility!  I knew Coffee Bean is all kosher but apparently ice cream factory here locally makes it kosher!  AFTER I ordered and paid, the girl offered me free samples of anything else (turned it down, only wanted DAQ ICE baby!) and we chatted a little bit.  The boy told me I can call a day in advance and get a pint or more to take home of DAQ ICE in the future.  He also threw in that they put it out only the day before, so it was like KISMET that I walked in for my fix that day.Daquiri ice dreams to all!!! Liiiick!
5	Great service and yummilicious ice cream!!!  5 stars in my book
4	99 cents Single Scoop on Mondays and Tuesdays99 cents kids size cone of soft serve every day!!!friendly, quick and yummy.
1	9:20pm and chair's all up on tables. Had to stand outside!
5	I got ice cream here just yesterday. And the staff are always excited to see you and not only this they are happy to see locals. They remember your name and the ice cream is always very good. I give it 5 stars.
5	Wednesday is buy one get one free for sundaes, this month only. I was there every Wednesdays with my kids, time to give it a break.Great employees!
1	If you're going to pass out free "single scoop coupons...honor them and don't say the coupons are only good for kids scoops. You have it on your signs...Single, Double & Kids...the coupon specifically says "single". The ice cream is always soft and melty here. Unfortunately for the kids who work here, if a customer asks for another scoop because they don't like the melted ice cream, the employees have to pay out of their own pockets...ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!! These guys probably make minimum wage and you expect them to pay for poorly refrigerated ice cream because you're too cheap to crank up the freezer to a normal level!Very disgusted with this BR. It's hard enough for these kids to earn a wage but this is unacceptable. I am boycotting this location and encourage my Yelpers to say something on here for these poor kids.
4	We really enjoy this ice cream store. We drive by a couple of places to go here: yummy ice cream & good price.  Children get so little true choices in life.  This is a great place where they can make a bunch of decisions.  (Like Starbucks for adults)There is a good deal of $.99 kids cups on Monday & Tuesday.  There is also discounted soft serve.Just purchased an ice cream cake for my son's birthday.  He had spent a great deal of time thinking about what design he wanted on it.  It looks awesome!  While they do not make the cakes at this location, they do allow you to pay & pick up there.  They were able to put one of their cool designs on a medium cake.  Love this place!  Sign up for their birthday club!
5	I've been coming to this Baskin Robbins since the early 90's. Trying not to reveal my age here... hahah! Have never left with a bad experience. I love their ice-cream and the clown cones especially. My daughter wanted rainbows for her 5th birthday and I placed an order for a speciality cake. I wanted their St. Patrick's cake, but modified. I even drew a little picture. Everything came out perfect! So it was such a shame I let my daughter hold the cake for the 1/2 mile trip back to our house... She managed to slap the top of the box as I stopped at the lights on Valle Verde and Sunset, and she knocked the end of the writing off on 'birthday'. So her cake then said 'Happy Birth Charlotte' - which I think made it all the funnier. Thanks for the awesome cake, Baskin Robbins! Your decorator did a great job.
4	I've been going to this baskin robins since I was little! It's in a quaint little corner :) Only down side about this place is there is no bathroom.
3	It's Monday or Tuesday and you're craving a sweet, what do you do? Well, if you're like me, you head over to Baskin Robbins for a 99 cent kid's size daiquiri ice. The place gets extremely crowded and although there wasn't much of a line when we got there, it was extremely busy as we sat there enjoying our ice cream. The employees are really nice and helpful, but I did notice that the ice cream seemed a little meltier than I'm used to. Still good, just wish it was a little more solid.
