3	Just like any Outback, but  this one serves lunch (which I am told is rare for them)!Decent food, excellent service, and hell, it was happy hour (2 for 1 domestic drafts) - w00t!//end rant
1	Oh this was not good. A server brought bread to our table for three with a small dish of butter(?) We had no plates or silverware. When I asked a waiter if we could have plates she said (with a straight face), "We don't have any plates. We have large plates for the meal, but no small plates. If we get some, I'll bring them to you." I said, do you have silverware? She said, "Yes." Could we have some?  "Oh, ok. Sure."The food? Stay home, make a bologna sandwich (on a plate) and enjoy yourself.
5	normally, I hate chain restaurants. This Outback is the exception. I order their kid's meals to-go for lunch pretty often and Andrew is the best thing that could have happened to this Outback! And Angelina :)One time, I was waiting for my to-go order to come while making calls for work when I realized almost an entire hour had gone by. I called just to get an update, not to complain or anything (thankfully I wasn't in a hurry).  The manager apologized and I guess something happened in the kitchen? I don't remember but when he came out with my food he didn't charge me and told me that he was going to take care of me the next visit. I was shocked!!! He did not need to do that but it was definitely something that set this chain above the rest.
3	Evidently there's a zagat survey list on the best chain restaurant steak.  Which I find preposterous.  Would they have a list judging the best movie about grass growing?  "In the end, Crabgrass beat out Ragweed just because of the potential allergens."No, because sometimes you can make an entire category of things that suck, and chain restaurants, as a general rule, serve shitty steak. Not that I'm judging.So if you go to Outback, don't expect anything amazing, despite the fact that zagat said they were tasty.  But outback is worth visiting anyway, because have you ever had their shrimp appetizer served on their brown bread garlic slab-thing?  The bread is better than the shrimp.  It's amazing.But truly legendary status is only accorded thusly: imagine an appetizer with so many calories that three could share and still crack a thousand calories each?  Enter the cheese fries with bacon and a glob of ranch and you will know what spoonfuls of lard feel like to your arteries.  This particular location has a number of great bartenders and if you go there looking for a pleasant time and decent food, you'll be satisfied.  Chicken breast with BBQ sauce: palatable.  Broccoli with crab-butter sauce?  Tasty.  Rack of lamb? Surprisingly good.  Really there are a ton of options here but one thing you will not get is world-beating steak.  So save it, Zagat.
1	Getting to this location is an effin' nightmare right now. It's especially irritating if they forget part of your order and you have to go back - not going to happen. Occasionally we'll get food to go here..nearly every time they forget some part of our order. We peek in the bag look to make sure most of it is there but don't open each and every carton to inspect (big mistake).The salmon comes with some sort of sauce that at least makes it edible. No  sauce. I called. "oh yeah, the salmon doesn't come with sauce anymore"  How am I supposed to know that? How is anyone supposed to know that?!  Should we just start asking about every menu item? Does the pasta come with sauce? Well, actually...it does...but not nearly as much as it used to.  It's TO GO. NO napkins, No plasticware.The no rules pasta with chicken was dry. The chicken - A grilled breast tossed on the top of the pasta. Not cut into strips or cubes.I've always been disappointed with the level of service and quality of food. It used to be convenient so I would suck it up and do curbside.No more. Never again.
1	I've been to better Outbacks in the ghetto's of Detroit.  Went once, ordered prime rib...ordered it med rare, it came out gray.  Server NEVER came back.  Wife finished meal, went to hostess stand and asked for manager.  Manager apologized, didn't take plate away.  Server came back and I asked her to get this plate out of my site.  She told me not to be angry, she had other tables.  My food was comped, got a $25 gift card, left hungry.  Gave card to a friend.  I'll never go to a chain steak place again.  I was also told by a former Outback manager that Downtown Scottsdale Outback is one of the lowest rated Outback's in the country.  Go figure.
5	In all fairness, this is not a review for the food, but rather, a review for service in the bar. I see that not a lot of people are happy with the quality of the food and I totally get that, but since I've never ordered food at this particular Outback, I'm compelled to give five stars for the booze experiences I've had here. We've never had bad service sitting at the bar. Big draft beers are $5 or $6, normally-priced. Football or baseball is on the flat screens and it's never too crowded to find a seat. In my experience, staff has always been friendly and attentive. Occasionally I will order a side salad but only because I love the blue cheese dressing. I like coming here for a mellow night, drink or two when I just want to get out of the house without any bells nor whistles.
4	This Outback is now out of business.  I really liked their prime rib, but given how the servers were constantly complaining about the management I'm not too surprised they folded.
