5	When I moved here from North Dakota, I was pretty spoiled - I lived in the same town as my brother, the mechanic.  In Arizona, I was just not sure who to trust.  After being scammed by several dealerships, I decided to try this Midas on my way to work.  They could not be more fantastic.  They've always taken really good care of me.Two examples:This summer I needed new tires.  I stopped in, discussed the prices with Shane, and he steered me toward one brand that is less expensive but just as good as the tires I had picked out.  I made an appointment for the following week, but when his supplier didn't have the tires we decided on in stock, he upgraded me to the more expensive version for the original price.Another time, my brakes started grinding.  I stopped in, and while he was driving me to my office (another nice perk), Shane said "wait, weren't you just in for an oil change a month ago?"  Me, "Yes"...  Shane:  "Well, we do a brake inspection at every oil change, so we should have caught that.  We're going to charge you for the plain old brake job, but anything extra, we'll cover."  They paid for the new rotors, and all the stuff that comes with it.  When I called my brother to tell him what had happened, he was stunned.  My shop would never do that, he said.To sum it up, I'd recommend these guys to you, your mama, and your grandmama.  A bunch of good guys doing the right thing.  They're on my Christmas cake list.
5	Thanks for being honest and straightforward, guys! They actually recommended that I call the dealership to find out if a repair would be covered under the transmission warranty, before agreeing to go ahead with the repairs. Turns out it's covered, and they saved me couple hundred bucks. :):) Can't beat that service!!
5	Honest, friendly, knowledgeable, fair, and polite. I get a little nervous when someone else works on my vehicle. They allowed me to watch the whole process. When their original diagnosis was wrong they went to option b and didn't charge me for the unneeded replacement. They usually very busy, but we'll worth any wait.
5	What a great group of guys!!  My AC stopped working in June (ugh!) and they had me fixed up in no time and for a great price.  Very knowledgeable and honest, took the time to explain everything and gave me my options.  I won't take my car anywhere else.
