1	My mom had the chicken souvlaki platter, I had the pork. In both cases, the meat was quite overdone -- better than underdone, but extremely dried out and I could taste the charred fat.  The potatoes and rice were okay, but nothing special. The salad was pretty pathetic: it looked like sandwich lettuce with some store-bought vinaigrette slathered on top. The only other vegetable in it was carrots; no onions, no peppers, no tomatoes, no feta. Just lettuce and a few carrots -- not exactly a first class Greek salad.The service was adequate but they seemed to be in a rush to get rid of us, despite the restaurant only being half full. The ambiance was nothing to write home about -- despite the relative emptiness of the place, they chose to seat us right between two noisy large groups of customers. In retrospect we should have asked to be seated farther away, but really, what were they thinking?The most insulting thing was that they charged us $4.95 for tzatziki that should've come with each of the ~$15 souvlaki platters.Overall this place was not cheap and the food did not live up to the price tag. I've had better souvlaki at chain restaurants like Nickels. I'll never be going back and would suggest you try another Greek restaurant, maybe one of the ones on Parc a few blocks away.
4	Panama is a fancy Greek Restaurant. This is NOT a Casa Grecque type of Greek Restaurant. It is more expensive then other "fast food Greek" locations. However its worth the price. The garden salad is amazing. I had the lamb, and it was mouth watering delicious.The staff is really friendly, and the restaurant is nicely decorated. I had a great time.
4	In terms of quality of the food I honestly can't complain, I've tried plenty of greek food and this is very good. Prices are a bit high, but the quality is there so it's worth it.
3	I love going there for lunch with the family. The lamb chops are great, as is the chicken and greek salad. Plus it almost looks like a real Greek taverna.
2	Haven't been there in a couple of years and I must say that this time the service was terrible. Your order is basically thrown on your table and the waiter is already halfway across the restaurant before you can say a word. When you finally get the hold on one you get attitude and the management too. The food is ok but the attitude and service ruin it. Sorry
