5	I like the fact that this is inside a Safeway. Not because it's Safeway, but because they have longer banking hours than typical. PLUS, Starbucks is inside too! Right next to the Wells Fargo. Now that's incentive!The people are nice and the lines have never been long for me. They usually have candy or bottle water too. I like that.
4	It is usually difficult to get very happy with any bank. By their very nature banks tend to suck... But, not so with Wells Fargo and especially this mini-branch inside a Safeway Supermarket. I have had my personal accounts there since 2007, but what really made me appreciate this branch was when I started doing business banking there. First, I opened a business checking account for the advertising payments I started receiving from Google for a couple of my blogs. Then, when we grew the business and incorporated as Automotive Media Partners, LLC I went to this branch to meet with them. The business banking manager walked me through various options for setting up our new company accounts, handled everything very professionally and provided a level of service that exceeds what I have come to expect from banks. He set up accounts for AR, AP and Equity. The Wells Fargo banker set up my Merchant Services account so we could take credit card payments... At a discount rate of 2% and 2.25% for Amex (very low cost). Then he went on to approve a line of credit for the company that far exceeded what I expected.  AMP has exceeded our revenue forecasts for 2012 and I am appreciative enough for Wells Fargo and the way this branch treats me an my company to be fiercely loyal. My investors have tried to get me to move accounts to B of A and I have insisted that we keep our growing business accounts with Wells Fargo and this branch.
1	I am about to be a "former" Premier customer with this bank.  I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.   A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.  They voided the sale, however Wells Fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!  I have the voided slip... still nothing!  If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.  If not, find somewhere else to go to.  The fact is, they just have people read off of the computer screens and tell you "they are sorry, but they can't help you".
