4	This is my favorite neighborhood 7-Eleven for three reasons:It is easy to get to from Boulder Highway or Racetrack.They sell gas, the 7-Eleven that is closer to my house doesn't. They stock 20 pound bags of ice. Most places only have the smaller bags.For a month or so after his surgery, my husband would ice his knee for the majority of the day, which meant we were going through a LOT of ice each day. This 7-Eleven became my go-to spot for ice because I could grab a couple 20 lb bags and be set for a few days... A nice cashier even offered to help me carry my large bags of ice out to my car once which was awesome of him to do... I didn't need the help though, I'm a pretty strong chick.
3	Just a regular gas station...It's a RedBox which is a plus...gas is reasonable...Milk no longer 2 for $5 which is a downer but still cheaper than Kauai's $9.32 MUAHAHAHA.
4	This is a classic 7-11 with gas pumps. It's busy, so it gets a little dirty but the staff tries hard to keep it clean. Compare this 7-11 against many others around the valley and you'll quickly understand. It's actually a little larger than some 7-11's so it's easier to get around inside. The parking lot is tight so getting to the gas pumps or parking up front can get a little interesting especially if people are not paying attention. As for the staff they have a mix of nationalities working there and while I've seen other customers give those staff members grief, they are some pretty friendly people if you're nice and smile with them. In short, I like this 7-11. Go in without an attitude and chances are you will like it too! On a personal note I don't buy 7-11 gas. That's not a slam on this 7-11, but I had such nightmarish experiences with 7-11 gas in Colorado that left me stranded on Vail Pass in a blizzard that I swore never, ever again no matter what 7-11 it is, anywhere in America. One last thing: in a pinch 2 Taquitos for $2.22 has been a godsend when nothing else is open and your stomach is screaming for something, anything to eat. Oh Thank Heaven indeed!
