2	Thank GOD they opened a Lowe's by me.  I doubt you'll ever find me in a HD again.  I have never felt so dumb as when I was forced into Home Depot the other day.  Just because I look like I have no busines being in a hardware store, doesnt mean that I have no business being in a hardware store.  I have money to spend dammit!!  Cut me some freaking slack.  I had to search high and low for a "friendly sales representative" who was stick-up-their-ass crabby at best, and watch them look at me like a moron when I asked what aisle a laser level would be in.  I'm no Tim-the-Toolman-Taylor but I think thats a pretty common item.  QUIT LOOKING AT ME LIKE I SHOULD BE AT A BAR SOMEWHERE AND SHOW ME THE LEVEL AISLE.I also needed help carrying a huge ceiling fan out of the store.  This is not unreasonable but the clerk and helper-guy looked completely put out.  You work at HOME DEPOT you jerks, lend an effing hand.  The only reason this crap shoot gets 2 stars is because its always pretty clean, its has a boat load of stuff if you know where to look, and the worker's uniforms are all a lovely matching orange.  Thats it.
5	I usually hate this location (bad service, poor selection) but last night I had the best customer service Ive ever had at any Home Depot. I was asked several times by several different workers if I needed help with anything. It was fantastic having that level of service! Maybe they are going to turn it around?
2	"You Can Do It, We're No Help" should be their new slogan.  This location sucks.  Difficult to find help in any department.  Someone usually has to be "called" and that person is never in a hurry to get to you.  Selection is poor.  Indoor plants look like they have never seen water.  And the worst part, you are acosted by outside sales people (infomericals, Direct TV, etc) or their "free in-home project consult" people every time you come in.  Yes, I'm very confident they could manage a kitchen remodel when they can't answer a phone.Yesterday we went through self-check and couldn't get the item to scan.  We notified the clerk working that area who told us we would have to wait--so she could watch the two guys in a full-service line buy plants.  Then she walked over to our kiosk, cleared the screen, and walked off but never scanned the item.  Needless to say, we left.  Unfortunately, we'll probably be back at some point because the Lowe's near our home is almost as bad with service.  In fact, I should review that place as well.An extra star because I'm in a charitable mood.
5	Five stars no doubt, for Brian the store manager. I know you can't seek him out for everything because I'm sure he's busy. Last night my husband had to have a water heater replaced...GE agreed to replace it but had us take it to home depot and then have home depot call GE. I thought it would be a nightmare and they would look at him like he was a nut.Brian got right on it. Had someone from the Customer Service desk call while he searched for the water heater (which was hiding btw, he found it though!) My husband doesn't go in to details about his experience at stores...he's just not that interested but he raved about Brian.Brian helped us once before in the lawn and garden dept. He was honest about the product and offered something more effective. He must have taken some crazy advanced Customer Service class or he is.not.from.this.planet. Seriously, he rocks.There's a woman that works in plumbing too..I don't know her name. I think she said her family owned a plumbing business at one time. She knows her shit. If it not for these two, I wouldn't even rate that store because my mother always said "if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all".
2	when i moved here and bought a fixer upper, this was the closest home depot, so for 3 months, i was here, everyday, sometimes 5 times a day, and more on the weekends. i bought everything from drywall to stucco, plumbing to plants, nails, chop saws, cordless drills, EVERYTHING. i probably spent 20 grand here to do everything myself. NOT ONCE did anyone help here. i bought a DIY book and learned from that. everytime i needed help, no matter how professionally dirty/contracture-ish i looked, the staff still made me feel like i was an idiot. it took forever to find someone to ask a question. if they had an answer, it was always sharp tongued and sarcastic. if they didn't know the answer, they would "be right back" with an answer and never return. my brother worked at a home depot for 6 months and said that was standard procedure and they thought it was funny to leave people like that. i didn't find it funny at all. i mean, i didn't know the difference between cement backerboard and drywall at the time...all i wanted was the commercial...is that too much to ask?unfortunately, they are cheaper than lowe's, closer, so i'll probably be back here more than i care to.
5	This HD is awesome, they have a super friendly staff... I am renovating portions of my house one step at a time and they really stand behind what their slogan is. "You can do it, we can help". This location in particular is very friendly and helpful, their paint guys have spent hours with me on consulting how to best approach certain projects.
5	Ordered a washer for my rental house. Easy purchase and delivery. They were there with the washer when they said they would be! Took the old one away for $10.00 more. Cant beat it! Im happy, tenant is happy...everyone is happy! Thanks HomeDepot!
3	Needed to get some keys made, so I dropped by here.  The key machine is located at the front of the store at the customer service/returns desk.  I popped in and they made my keys within minutes.  The girl working the machine was really efficient and got me out of there fast......which is great because I hate waiting.Will have to drop by here for other home stuff another time.Return Factor - 84%
4	this is the least busiest of any home depot i have visited.the people at appliances and cabinets are very helpful!
1	Totally incompetent employees. We ordered a Maytag dishwasher, paid for installation and when the delivery guys showed up, they said they can't install because we have copper plumbing. When I made the purchase, the sales rep only mentioned that the hoses might not be long enough. He never mentioned that their delivery company can't install dishwashers with copper plumbing. The delivery guy said to call the store and they should be able to get people to the house who can install the dishwasher. But when I spoke with Home Depot, the employee told me it was "unheard" of for copper plumbing and he would have to get back with us on this. Unbelievable! So I called another Home Depot in Scottsdale and was told this was wrong and very strange and to discuss with the store we bought the dishwasher from. Well, they don't seem to care. While I write this, we should have a new dishwasher but it's sitting out on the back porch. Thanks Home Depot for nothing! Lousy lousy lousy service. We called a plumber and will get this installed next week. We did get a refund over the phone for the installation charge without a problem. The odd thing is the employee didn't even care. It seems this issue was too difficult to deal with so he'd rather refund us. So sad to see such bad service. Next time Lowe's. Home Depot NEVER AGAIN! If you buy from this store, make sure you ask lots of questions because the sales people are only interested in getting your money and don't care what happens after that. Good riddance Home Depot!!!UPDATE: The store OPs manager called me in regards to an email I sent to Home Depot's Customer Care department. He apologized and informed me this was a "training" issue and was being dealt with. He did go on to explain that the salespeople in Appliances had a lot going on with all the recent flurry of sales but "this isn't an excuse" he made sure to point out. In my opinion, telling a customer their salespeople are swamped and overloaded really only makes things seem worse. Why would someone shop at a store where the employees get overwhelmed during sales or busy holiday seasons and can't function properly? I worked at a department store, a grocery store and in customer service so I understand retail and certainly would never consider making this kind of statement. I think "training issue" is the standard customer service reply and should stop there. The OPs manager did offer to have their plumber come out and evaluate the situation but I declined. Home Depot can "train" their people on someone else! I'm not their guinea pig!
4	I'm going to have to bump up my review of this particular Home Depot thanks to Anne..at least I think that was her name, but let's just call her the Queen of Thrones.We had a running toilet that my husband tried to fix.  Yep, all that resulted was the need to replace the whole damn thing.  So we spent a lovely evening at HD browsing the commodes.  Picked out a sporty little model, but they don't really let you test drive it.  Enter Anne.  Do you need any help?  Nope, we got this.  Then the barrage of questions.  Do you want round or elongated?  Chair height or standard height?  Single flush or double flush?  Uh, does it matter?  Apparently, it does.  Men prefer elongated you know?  Why?  You could give them a target the size of a swimming pool, and they'll miss.  Men also often prefer chair height?  Why?  It's more comfortable for them, and we all know how much time the average man sits parked on the pot.  I'm pretty sure mine has a Playstation hidden in there somewhere.   Men also NEED the double flush.  Saving water is great, but if you have to flush six times, you really didn't.  She also made sure we got the right seal.  You need the double wax seal, not the standard wax the installer will try to use.  You also need an extra long flexible hosey thing (my words not hers) for the chair height.So it's all about men.  Thanks to Anne, we flushed our original choice down the toilet (hahahah), and went with the super industrial man model-elongated, chair height, double flush.  I feel like a 2-year old on it, but he's happy.  And this is one sacrifice I'm willing to make.
4	I like this Home Depot. There's a few great things about it.1. It's next to my house2. It's never that busy3. People there are usually pretty knowledgeable (When you can find someone in the department)I had an especially good experience there last night. I had called to check the price on a vacuum that I had seen online that was marked down. I called to double check price and they transferred me to the flooring department. The associate repeated back to me the item and quoted me the wrong price. I chalked it up to online vs. store pricing. But, my inquisitiveness got the best of me and I headed in. I double checked the price in person. I was right! The item had been marked down and the associate hadn't actually checked in the system. Long story short, I had to buy the item "online" and pickup in store to get the price I wanted and it was just about closing time. The manager Mark walked me throug the process and helped me out a ton by ensuring I got what I needed while I was there and even kept the store open for a few extra minutes for me. Gold stars for Mark.
1	Based on my recent experience: Warning..... Do not do not do kitchen granite counter tops through Home Depot. They did incorrect measurements, wrong cuts, & installed defective cracked granite. They do not stand behind their product or installations as they claim. They were unethical & deceptive to me. I am in shock over the poor customer service levels. I will never do business with them on any level ever again.  Very disappointed as one would think Home Depot would be a go to place.
3	There's something about going into a store and being struck by all the security measures.We had been shopping for some new lighting and came here after visiting nearby Lamps Plus.  It's your typical Home Depot, except this one has over 18 overhead Las Vegas style security cameras.  I didn't realized that this part of Indian Bend was such a high crime area.Since we couldn't find what we were looking for, we made additional stops at Lowe's and Home Depot up near Northsight and Frank Lloyd Wright.  Neither of these two stores had the obvious cameras as you came in, but did have some well placed throughout the store.  Now put down that phillips screwdriver and step back and no one will be hurt!  Wow
4	I am a chick and think HD has WAY too much stuff and you have to walk WAY too far but, this place is meant for guys....which means they love all the stuff and don't mind walking as they could discover something that they didn't even know they needed while they walk from one end of the store to other.  I have to say that whether you are a guy or a gal, you will find that the people here are very friendly and it is hard to prevent them from escorting you to the aisle  (no really, it is fine, just tell me the aisle number and I can find it!) of whatever item you asked for.  There never seems to be long lines so it is easy to check out.
4	This store is a lot of fun to shop for plants in.  They seem to have a nice variety and friendly employees.  Also, the store was not too busy or loud.  Enjoyable way to spend a Saturday morning.
5	It is nice to feel welcomed when you shop at a business.
5	We desperately needed sprinkler heads at home and were in the neighborhood, thus began our journey into this humungous Home Depot. The outside itself is radical looking - completely different from the regular Home Depot signs/storefronts I've seen before. We entered through the garden section and it was the largest garden section I've ever seen. Flowers, trees, shrubs, etc. dotted every open space like a botanical garden with all the items needed for yard maintenance and care. After gawking, we went inside to wander and stumbled upon the tile/flooring section. (We want new tile but haven't found the right one yet.) During our tile gazing, an employee walked up and asked if we needed help with anything. He was very nice and I asked which aisle we could find sprinkler heads in. He told me aisle 14 and after thanking him and assuring that was all we needed, away he went to help another customer. It was easy to find aisle 14 and get our sprinkler heads. We still managed to wander around some more before checking out. For home improvement stores, this Home Depot really takes the cake. It is ginormous, has tons of items, and the staff is super friendly. I'd definitely recommend it!
5	Wonderful customer service. I was starting a gardening project that I found on pinterest and of course within 10 mins of arriving quickly realized I needed more help then my pinterest page could offer. Bob works in the gardening section and stuck with me for 45+ minutes answering questions and giving me helpful suggestions. He was an absolute delight. I had interaction with an additional 3 more employees who were helpful and one even assisted me to my car and loaded it up! Fantastic experience!
1	Worst Home Depot I've ever been to. Needed a sheet of plywood cut and was told by 3 different people someone would be with me. I waited for 30 minutes for something that should have taken 5 minutes at the most. The store was empty and there were employees near the front in a circle on their phones. No excuses for their inability to help.
3	I don't find this location as helpful as the other Home Depots that I have visited. Nonetheless the layouts are all the same so if I just continue to meander, eventually I will find what I am looking for - and then some (because I'm female and will shop anywhere).Of the many times I have been here the ONLY time I have ever received any help was in the gardening section. I was very impressed by the young employee's (sorry, I forgot your name!) knowledge because I was throwing question after question at him about temperature, water schedule, shade issues, and if he thought the plant was hardy enough to survive my black thumb. I came out with some great plants, pots, and fertilizer. Unfortunately, two plants died, but that was because of too much direct sun and not being mature enough to handle that kind of heat. What is great about Home Depot is they have a 1 year warranty on their plants so keep your receipt and bring in your dead plant and they will give you store credit. I did not partake in this warranty due to sheer embarrassment, but I still think it's great that it is available.Due to the lack of customer service I have experienced here, I will continue to go to other locations for any future needs.
4	This used to be a place of amazing knowledge. The cletks were a few cuts above. The depth of inventory is still deep. I have enjoyed their gardening area more recently.
3	Reducing stars to three. I often kid about being invisible. Overweight but ignored. I went for something which they were down to one left. Service desk told me far off locations had some. Then I looked at bath tubs, tub wall enclosures,  shower doors, vanities and bath room sinks. After a half an hour alone I did not bother to look at tub and sink faucets. I went to the other place and had the same lack of service. Monday coming all the work and more begins from another party.
