5	There are not many places in Kitchener-Waterloo that serve crepes.  Even were there many, I would still go back to the Village Creperie.  When we walked in the door we were delighted to see art on the walls, nice tablecloths and place settings at every table, even a little plant beside each salt and pepper shaker.  The crepes were wonderful.  They were also square.   I had never seen a square crepe before, but the flavour was unaffected by its shape.  I ordered one with smoked salmon, egg, cheese and hollandaise sauce, and it was exquisite.  Everything on our plates was organic.  On their menu it says "we only use organic flours, fish, meats, vegetables, fruits & dairy".  I suspect that the waitress and chef were also organic, I did not see any cyborg parts on them.
4	Good place. I loved la suzette. Great bread. Small portions
5	Best in town.   Go here.  Daily specials are awesome from Brandon an up and coming chef from Stratford and worked w lynn crawford @ Ruby Watcho in Toronto.  I just registered to do their Sunday night prix fixe dinner in the Ruby Watcho style. Can't wait.btw, wifi pass : creperie
5	Had the 'sunday night' dinner from chef Brandon this past sunday.  What a talented guy - i'll let the pics speak for themselves.   This was launch with a bang with 4 serious courses.  The subtlety of the flavours were very impressive with the swoosh of curry for the perfectly done pork belly, to the wasabi mayo on the also perfectly roasted and rare striploin and potato pave, and the starter was delicate arugula, thinly sliced cantaloupe, prociutto and other goodies that was so well balanced and refreshing.  Looking forward to the next one, heard it was going to be more asian influenced and smaller courses - can't wait.  Get in in advance the places was fully booked even at the bar.During the week the specials are usually Brandon's and still, the crepes are great healthy and tasty treats for lunch or for dessert.  Theres a lot of gluten free options as well which I'm starting to eat because its healthier and still delish.
