1	This is the 1st review I've written and I felt it necessary to write one on FastMed after my experience today. I am writing this in tears...I went in today for jaw pain, the NP came in and looked at my jaw and did the whole song and dance asking questions...then she says I'm a liar and I'm not being honest. I was a little taken back and she says my RX's have had too many narcotics. I would love to see how her RX list looked after having 6 root canals in the last few months and have a deviated septum surgery on top of that. Maybe if I had shown her my bank statements and she saw the thousands of dollars we have spent in the last few months getting my dental work done she'd see why. I am completely on board with the RX checks and balances, I think they are crucial and protect the medical facility but every patient is an individual. She made me feel ashamed and embarrassed, I am NOT a drug addict...I do NOT shop around for drugs. I have unfortunately had a lot of issues dental wide and am trying to get it all done to avoid issues down the road. I will NEVER go there again after the way she made me feel. WHY didn't she ask me what they RX's were for????? They weren't filled for random things...I never felt so crappy in my life, all this was in front of my 2 kids too, my 6 year old asked me why she said I wasn't an honest person. I could care less if she wrote a RX out for narcotics or for a cold...but to have no clue as to why I had those RX's and then call me a liar was hurtful and I can't stop thinking about it...I'm completely devastated by that experience.
5	I very much appreciate Fastmed coming to Baseline Road. I have been to a few urgent care centers over the years, but this is a different experience and a wonderful center. The medical provider spent time with me and reviewed my treatment options and was very compasstionate and caring. I am thankful that I did not have to go to the ER and wait 4 hours to be seen. I have now been to FastMed 3 times and I never write reviews, but this clinic was terrific and people should know about it.
1	Funny how after I emailed FastMed with my experience there I was told I'd be contacted shortly...but still waiting. Even funnier is a "great" review after the email? I was also happy they opened near my home, that's why I went...I was relieved I wouldn't have to drive out of my way to be seen....but looks like I will drive a million miles to avoid this place!!!!! Yes it was nice in there, it's brand new, duh! The triage nurse was nice enough and was kind...the front desk lady was a bit cold but whatever... I didn't even see a physician, I got some teeny bopper right out of school who didn't have her MD...I will be sure to let everyone I know how mean the PA is there and if you want to be treated like crap then go there!
1	I'm going to write one last review on FastMed, as if the two previous ones weren't clear enough. Yes, I had an incredibly horrible experience there...fine, lesson learned. I found the PA's behavior reprehensible and I now know not to walk foot in that place again. I took all the right steps to make them aware of my experience there, I emailed Dr. Williams, who is the Founder, President & CEO of FastMed. He did reply and said he would look into the issue and apologized for the bad experience. He then sent another email saying he forwarded my complaint to the Medical Director in Az and said I would be contacted shortly, that was 11 days ago,I have not been contacted. I also called my insurance company and filed a complaint with them and was advised to also file a complaint with the Medical Board of Az. I am not looking to get the PA fired, which I know wouldn't happen, nor am I trying to smear her name...I just want her to realize that each patient is an individual. I know Urgent Care is exactly what it claims to be, it's a fast solution to a medical problem after hours. I wasn't expecting her to take the same exact care my family doctor does, but I was expecting her to clearly look at my history, examine the issue, ask questions  and of course advise me accordingly. She failed to do so in a professional manner and just to be a complete and utter jerk she throws insults at me in front of my 2 children. Whatever her issue was with me, right or wrong, her bedside manner was disgusting and I will never forget that day I was treated like scum at FastMed Urgent Care.
1	After I wrote my last update on 4/25/13, I did forward that review again to FastMed. The same day I was contacted by them and was given another apology. He did ask me to explain what had happened, I did so, and he offered an RX for antibiotics, a Starbucks gift card (I'll get to that in a minute) and they would waive my $50 co-pay (they sent me a bill 2 weeks later). So I did receive a Starbucks gift card, for $5.00..seriously? It was almost a "thanks but no thanks" kind of feeling but hey $5.00 towards a green tea latte is better than $0 so I'll take it, slightly insulted, but I'll take it. I did get a bill in the mail for the co-pay and I left a friendly message reminding them of the waived co-pay.In the end I was truly sick with an infected tooth...I ended up in the ER with a high fever, infected mouth and had to have a root canal and I'm so glad to know FastMed thought I was full of it, faking it you know...that faking it cost me another $800...so yea I sure go through extreme measures to fake it, just to get lousy pain meds...it's laughable! Still would never set foot in there again, even if I was on fire...I'll drive a few more miles down the road where they can put the fire out professionally.
1	In April I visited this location because once again I had what I suspected was a sinus infection (an annual event with me). I had been to other locations in previous years for the same problem. I was happy to discover this new location located less than a half mile from where I live. The waiting room was empty and my wait was only about 20 minutes. The examination took even less time. I was given an Rx for antibiotic, which cleared it up. I had just become eligible for Medicare and was told that I owed nothing on the day I visited. Today, almost 4 months later, I received a bill. FastMed had billed Medicare $295.00 for the visit, of which Medicare paid $156.31, leaving me a balance to pay of $138.69. This is more than I have paid in previous years when I had NO insurance! The $295.00 billing is outrageous! Next time I will make appointment with a regular doctor. By the way, the bill (the first I have received from them) also shows "over 90 days" which will undoubtedly show up on my credit history. No thanks Fast Med. This is a rip off!
1	I'll probably never go to this one again. Walked in with a severe, green phlegm filled cough and a sore throat. I was literally the only person in the waiting room and sat for probably 15-20 min before they took me back. The front desk ladies were very nice but gossipy, which sorta made it feel like they didn't care about my sitting there, the lone patient in the huge (very nice, clean) waiting room.   When I got back to check in, there was no privacy while I was being asked about my medical history. Not even a curtain. A family of 5 walked right past me and the nurse and ogled my "interview" while they were taking my vitals. I'd appreciate a little privacy there.   The worst part was the doctor I got, Dr. Rena I think was her name. She talked over me a lot, didn't listen much and was dead set on my having just allergy problems, even though I'm coughing like crazy and I'm full of GREEN mucus, which is usually a sign of bacterial infection. I even tried to let her know that I get sick like this pretty much every year around this time, but that didn't deter her allergy diagnosis. I had to argue for it, but I was able to pry a prescription for a Z pak (azithromicine) out of her "just in case," which, low and behold! Is helping immediately, even though she said I shouldn't fill it yet since it was just "allergies." She was pretty snooty and seemed fairly new to her practice. I wasn't impressed. The nurses are very nice in this place and so is the front desk woman, it's very clean and fairly new and the decorations are nice, but my experience here was not good and I will most likely be driving a little further next time to avoid having to argue on behalf of myself with a new doctor about my symptoms.
1	Not even worth one star.  I really wish I would have read the reviews before walking in the door.   Each person I spoke to was extremely rude, not helpful at all.  I am paying you for a service, a little kindness and professionalism wouldn't kill you.   I ended up tearing my paperwork up and walking out, others, be aware, they are not friendly.
4	I've been to another location of Fast Med before but I really enjoy my experience with this location. The staff is really friendly and professional. The doctor was very easy to talk to as well. One tip is it is definitely recommended you have your actual insurance card if that is the first time you have been there. I have been here both for employment testing and when I had a really bad cold. I would highly recommend this for both needs!
4	Very clean place. Helpful staff. Wait time was a little long.Showed up here on a Saturday afternoon.
1	Shame on me for just going to the closest place to my house. I read the reviews I should have known better. It started with the front desk girl that barely greeted me when I got to the desk like she didn't know what I wanted. There were only 2 other people in the lobby. She took my insurance, ID and $.I sat down filled out my paperwork.I returned my paperwork she gave me back my id and insurance card and I sat down just to have her come out and ask me for my insurance card and ID again. I waited not too long but seemed like forever seeing that they weren't busy. I got my vitals from a guy that was very disinterested in anything. Then I waited forever for the dr. She popped her head in and said oopps wrong room. Then came back 20 mins later. Long story short I got a finger prick, vitals and was told no one has IV fluids to tread dehydration and was sent on my way. It took me longer to fill out my paperwork than for them to tell me that. No refund offered ended up going to the emergency room where I was actually treated and spent 3x's more money. Thanks for nothing!
4	Very clean location and friendly staff. However, i signed up for the zip pass for 545. I arrived shortly after 530 and checked in and I was the only person there. I sat in the waiting room until 615.  I would be prepared to wait but I think the same goes for any doctors office generally, especially urgent care. I would come here again (hopefully I won't need to too soon!!)
5	Here's the thing. Urgent Care is the fast food of healthcare. You don't go to McDonald's and expect someone to wait your table and bring you wine. Don't expect urgent care to provide you the level of personal attention a primary care physician might. The benefit is speed of process and convenience. I thought this location was awesome. Fast, friendly, efficient and Jason who helped me was super empathetic and heard me out. What more could I ask for? I even had to go back the next day and they helped me quickly. That's the whole point. If you would rather make an appointment and build a relationship, call your doctor instead. Other states don't have urgent care locations. Be grateful you can walk in on a Sunday morning and be treated.
