4	Visited this place for the first time today.  Those not familiar with the area...blink and you will miss it.  It sit right on the corner in Downtown Pineville.What can I say?!?!  This place is awesome.  Definitely out of character for Pineville and maybe Charlotte itself.  This place has a really really cool vibe.  There is a great deal of "Southern Hospitality" present here...but the place feels so metro-city-cafe-feel-good-spot-ish.  If that makes sense, lol.Prices are pretty awesome, as well as the food.  The staff is really knowledgeable about the different options they have available.  (Do not eat before you get to this place thinking it is coffee and bakery only.  You can actually have a meal here!) But even more awesome than that is the fact that the staff seems really concerned that you get your order just like you like it. I can't wait to get back to this place and enjoy some coffee and a cake or scone.  Think I will go with the Vanilla Bean next time, LOL.NOTICE:  I forgot to check if they have wi-fi.  I don't think I did (yet), but could be wrong.  So if you are going for a working visit....make sure to care you cable to attach to your laptop.Parking is in a lot just next to the building across the small cross street (not highway 51).
4	This place meets all of my criteria... It is a place that you would not expect to be where it is, great people doing their best to give you a great meal, squeaky clean, and most important awesome food.I have eaten there for lunch several times and have stopped by for a muffin or egg sandwich on occasion.  I have never been disappointed.  Their specialty is definately with the baked goods at far better prices than the bakeries around south charlotte but everything is awesome.If you are around the mall shopping or staying in a hotel closeby... this is a much better place to go for breakfast or lunch then the local chains or the food court in the mall.  It may seem off the beaten path but it really isn't.
4	Very Good Cupcakes!!!  Large Space - Very Comfortable!The service is "relaxed" which means they'll get to you when they "can"!  I'm never in a hurry so it does not matter to me!  I have only been here three times and each time everyone is friendly and the cupcakes are Very Good!  The patrons are friendly too!Comfortable Seating and Comfortable Atmosphere!
1	Not bad, but good either. And at $9 per sandwich there are much better places to go. Service is spotty as well. Nice folks, but they have some work to do.
3	My wife had been itching to try this place once construction started what seemed to be a couple of years ago.  We finally got there today.  As was mentioned in the 1 star review below, $9 for a smallish sandwich is a tad overpriced, however, the sandwich I ordered was very tasty!  I got the Eliot which was a panini consisting of grilled chicken with mozzarella, roasted red peppers and pesto on sourdough.  Again, very tasty and came with a small side salad.  I'd have felt OK at $7, but not $8.95.  We bought a red velvet cupcake for our daughter and it was fresh and delicious.  Also a tad overpriced at $2.50, but the cupcake shop in Ballantyne charges $2.75 per cupcake for 75% of the size of Two on Earth's.  I'd order a custom red velvet cake from them anytime!!It looks like this place is far more economical for coffee and breakfast than lunch.  So, we will be back.I guess you can break my review down to 4.5 for the food taste and quality and 1.5 for the pricing, to get that 3.0 rating.*****UPDATE******We went back for scones for breakfast one Saturday morning.  Scones were very tasty, but small for their price.  Once again: great taste, but a tad overpriced.
4	This is a small coffee shop/bakery. Yes it's a bit pricey but it's not a franchise. Their drinks are good, the sandwich I got was tasty, as well as their sweets. I will definitely be visiting this place again, the customer service here was refreshing.
4	Stop! Just go ahead and stop! I pass by this cafe everyday to and from work. Today I did stop and I'm really glad I did. It's right at the railroad track in Pineville. The staff is committed to fresh ingredients and by hand preparation. I ordered the Caroline sandwich - their chicken salad sandwich - and it was very good: chicken breast, celery, water chestnuts and red grapes. Best of all it wasn't goopy! Two On Earth is open for breakfast (scones - hand beaten - or the eggs/bacon thing) and lunch (salads, sandwiches, quiche.) I should mention the red velvet cupcakes too.Like I said - after flying over the tracks, put on breaks and STOP at Two On Earth.
5	Excellent baked goods, the cupcakes are excellent and moist, with delicious frosting.The lunch menu is a reasonable size for lunch. Eating here you'll be full, but not stuffed. If you want quantity over quality, go to a buffet. The ingredients have been of the best quality, and well prepared.The fresh salads are well balanced and served with a reasonable amount of dressing - not a vat as would be served elsewhere to tempt you to grossly over-dress your salad.Coffee and Tea selections are excellent, and well prepared.
4	Really good food.  Had the Bryan sandwich split with a friend and cup of brocolli cheese soup each.  Order at the counter, food delivered to table. Owner stopped by table to make sure everything was ok.  Nice touch, as mentioned before prices are a little high but food is very fresh, unique and tasty!!  Not a lot of seating, scones looked wonderful, gonna have to make another stop to try these.
4	I was traveling for work and drove by the cafe on the way to my hotel.  I went on Yelp and read the reviews about the establishment and checked out some of the pictures.  Thank you to those who posted previously.  I was not disappointed with this place.  I ate a late lunch during my first visit.  For my second visit, I went for breakfast.The cafe was quite spacious, in part due to the high ceilings of the industrial space.  The menu is written on a chalkboard, but they also have paper menus at the register.  For me, the writing on the chalkboard was a little small, so definitely needed the paper menu.  Next to the register, all the freshly baked goods (scones, brownies, and muffins) are on display and everything looked delicious.  On my first visit, I opted for the house quiche with a side salad.  The house quiche was filled the brim with mushrooms, spinach, gruyere cheese, and bacon.  It was quite filling and the crust was nice and buttery - simply divine.  I washed it down with an iced coffee.  I would definitely order the quiche again, a welcomed departure from all the sandwich options - it was the perfect way to mix up the lunch routine.  I went back to the counter to indulge in one of the desserts.  I asked my server what was preferred, as I was torn between the peanut butter bar and the caramel butter bar.  She quickly suggested the caramel butter bar, which I purchased.  I was not disappointed.  It was very rich, so it was eaten over two days, but it held remarkably well.  On my return visit, I opted for a ham, egg, and  cheese sandwich on a croissant.  I added spinach and tomato, two of the add-on options.  Again, I washed it down with an iced coffee.  The two veggies add on were a small charge that I saw on the menu, though I didn't recall reading that adding a flavor to the coffee would incur a small nominal charge, but it did.  Not a big deal though.  Given the quality of the food, the portion sizes, I felt that the prices were more than fair.  If my travels bring me back, I will definitely want to visit again.  If you are in the neighborhood, check it out!
5	Love this little place!! Super friendly staff and great food!!! Love the breakfast sandwiches, scones are moist and so tasty!! Bible Study on Thursday mornings here is the perfect little spot~
4	Nice local stop for breakfast or lunch. Inventive sandwich selections for those whose tastes run beyond the average meat and cheese on white. Yummy baked goods too!  As for the prices, I do find this a bit odd. Sandwich alone - 5.95, with a side (a few chips, salad or soup) - 8.95.  Bag of chips beside register - 1.25 (a larger servings than the official side).  You do the math there. Honestly, I don't think 8.95 is too much for a combo lunch of this quality - not at all, I just think their pricing is a little off. They should maybe up the plain sandwich charge to around $7 (it would be worth it) and give you the side of chips free - and up charge for the other sides. But who am I to question? Either way, Two on Earth is worth a stop.
5	Love this little place! Had a great flavored coffee, caramel chocolate, and a pumpkin chocolate chip scone.  Both very very good.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful. It's a great space to relax.  It does get a little busy around lunch time, but not too bad.  I enjoy the quiet mornings.  Great place!
4	Whether you want great baked goods, great coffee, great home style ice cream, or a great cafe meal, Two On Earth has got it. Baked goods--not the air-filled, standard bakery-type stuff, but better than homemade, interesting (but not bizarre) taste combinations, and a very good variety of such things as scones, muffins, bars, cupcakes, and more (and you can taste the real butter). Some bakeries have a few to-die-for offerings, but this one does a superior job on every item, and everything is made on site. The only reason you might be disappointed is if you wanted French pastry, instead of the hearty fare sold here.Want top quality ice cream in a tasty cone?  They've got it, in a dozen flavors.  What about a really good sandwich, soup, salad, or a choice of two types of quiche?  Yep, they've got that, too. I can't give a personal review of the coffee (don't drink it), but other patrons indicated it is excellent.One unexpected find here was vintage-style linens and aprons for sale. They add to the cozy, but not crowded, feel of this place, a place you want to hang out in.
5	Stopped in (finally) for lunch and thought it was a charming spot with a creative menu. There were plenty of option from sandwiches and salads to quiche and soup. The bakery items looked amazing. The service was quick and friendly. My friend and I both had the Christopher panini, I had turkey and she had corned beef. Very tasty.
5	Hands down favorite place to go for breakfast and lunch on Saturdays. I only wish they were open on Sundays. I love that everything is full of flavor and made fresh. The marinated carrots that they give on the side are a nice touch. I love salty and sweet so it is nice to be able to get a sandwich and split one of the delicious scones for desert. The coffee is also delicious!
5	I found this little gem on Yelp about a year ago when I first started traveling to this area. I am from Connecticut and every time I come down here I have to at least stop there once to get my fix of their breakfast sandwiches and they're tasty treats. They also make a very good cappuccino. You're missing out if you haven't tried yet!
4	Went there during a business trip to Charlotte. The reviews were positive and it was next to my hotel so I decided to check it outThe very friendly guy behind the counter explained to me how everything worked. I ordered the eggs and cheese on croissant with provolone and a cappuccino. The sandwich was really good. Everything tasted fresh and at the right temperature. The coffee was good.My only gripe is that they don't take American Express. Yes I know the fees are higher but they are snubbing the business customers with this decision. I personally wouldn't mind paying a dollar more for these sandwiches if the impact is so great for taking AMEX.Other than that, the place is phenomenal. Definitely worth it
5	Slightly out of way. Heard of this place from a friend. Located in downtown/old town Pineville. Place is clean and comfortable. Staff is nice and receptive. Menu has nice variety. Food is delicious and unique. Would definitely go again and recommend to others. Would be nice to have 1-2 gluten-free items.
