1	Customer service IS NOT a priority at this CVS...at least not in the main section. The pharmacy is adequate. I came in to buy a mascara. I chose one by Physician's Formula because the display case had a large banner reading, "$2.00 Off Instantly". This was actually on two sections of the display. I took my intended purchases to the check out and inquired about getting a CVS card.Cashier:  You don't have one?Me: No, not yet.Cashier: *takes one out as an example* You don't have one of these?Me: No, but I'd like to sign up for one now, please.She was fine after that and did give me the rundown on the benefits of the card. Apparently those things are a hot commodity. (?)After she rang me up I checked the receipt and saw I'd been charged full price for the mascara. I told her about the instant discount and she asked me to show her the display. I did so and she said she didn't know how to ring it and would need the manager. No problem. Mr. Manager arrives on the scene and inspects the display. He then goes to the back of the store and returns moments later saying each individual box of mascara should have had a coupon on it, but someone removed them all and he knew who it was. (Kaiser Soze?) He asked if I'd still like the mascara. I said I would, but with the discount. He said he could not do that because there was no coupon. I pointed out that the display didn't indicate "$2.00 Off Instantly With Coupon". He replied that it was obvious that there should have been coupons on the boxes, indicating a piece of clear tape on the box. Evidently where there's tape, there's coupons. I told him I believed he was obligated by law to honor his display. ((has this law been changed??)) He refused and gave me my money back. Evidently it is better to lose a customer and a $10.00 sale than to honor what is posted and lose $2.00 and retain a customer. Taking my cash I said that I assumed he'd be removing the display now. "Oh, yes..to avoid any further confusion" Hmmm...who's confused?Didn't catch his name, btw, but it was around 11am, Tuesday 1/10/12...short, olive skinned man with spikey hair and scalp showing through.
5	Such a great bunch of people always so very welcoming!
1	Customer service sucks hard in the pharmacy department. The bald dude with the beard really needs an attitude adjustment
1	I have never written a review on yelp before but I feel compelled because of the horrible customer service I have experienced there. I have been going to their pharmacy for a year and they have never filled my prescription correctly, not once! Then when I call to tell them I wasn't given the appropriate amount of medication they act rude or frustrated with me. I have only had good customer service once or twice out of the multiple times I have gone. I do not recommend this pharmacy, both for its service and its customer relations.
1	I'm a native to Henderson and I gotta say...THE STAFF AT THIS PARTICULAR CVS PHARMACY IS THE WORST IN TOWN!! After speaking to the head pharmacist directly about their service things got much better UNTIL TODAY!! Collectively as a group they have to be THE MOST MISERABLE PEOPLE I HAVE EVER MET! Who do you think pays your salary people? We do!! All the poor bastards out there getting ripped off by 1. The pharmaceutical companies 2.The Doctors who sent us there and 3. THE STORE YOU WORK FOR!! We're not there buying ice cream you assholes so chances are we could very well be a little on edge having to fill these damn PRESCRIPTIONS in the first place and then we have to deal with your miserable shit? Do you have a monotonous,tedious customer service job? Yes, you do..guess what,SO DO I! However, if I treated my customers the way you did or any of my employees treated people the way you did they would be filing for unemployment IMMEDIATELY! So,if you hate your job to the point where as I'm walking up to the counter that you are ALREADY ANNOYED then quit you JACKHOLES! I would like to give an EXTRA SHOUT OUT to the ( pardon me for not getting either of your names, you both had no name tags on,GO FIGURE) black lady with the limp and the bald guy with the sweet beard that looks like he's in witness protection as a former Hells Angels member; YOU BOTH WERE EXTRA SPECIAL DOUCHBAGS!! I want to know how the he'll the 2 of you even got a job at a damn pharmacy!! Anyways,if at all possible ( which it isn't for me) DO YOURSELF A HUGE FAVOR AND FIND A DIFFERENT PHARMACY!!
2	I've been going to this pharmacy since I moved here, and normally they are pretty decent.  Pharmacies are always miserable, and they are a step above Walgreen's.  However, I had three prescriptions to be filled today.  They asked when I wanted to pick them up.  I told them I would wait.  They said it won't be ready until 11:15am (it was around 9:30am at the time).  So, I told them I would be back then.  I was almost a half hour late getting back over there, arriving at 11:40am.  They still were not ready.  They only had two pharmacists working this morning.  They claimed they were overwhelmed today.  They were not very apologetic.  I may have to find a different CVS to patronize in the future.
1	The worst customer service in the pharmacy, to transfer a prescription it has taken me six phone calls and three trips down to the pharmacy, on top of them not knowing what is going on they are rude and ignorant! The only reason I changed is because my insurance changed, looks like I need to find a new pharmacy because this one will not work for me.
1	If less than 1 star is possible, that is what I would give this pharmacy.Recently their service level has gone on a sharp decline.  In the drive up you wait a minimum of 30 minutes, that's if you are the second car in line.  I waited inside last time 40 minutes.   I am not sure what they have done, but they need to undo it!! This is ridiculous.
1	Very poor customer service, guy at drive up window keeps wanting to put the change-can you say $ is filthy-in the bag with the Rx.    Walgreens here I come.
