3	It's a good place to get a chicken rice bowl with sauce. There is a lot on the menu, so I suggest you check it out. I liked the mango shake as well. The lights in the place are cool too.Right now, it's just good, but I plan on going back and testing the rest of the menu.
4	This used to be Cafe Mitz, a crappy looking yucky bento joint.  This place has been open about a month and is a total transformation - better paint job, nice hanging lamps, fancy tables, and looks just brilliantly clean.  The staff was so sweet to me.I ordered something I have been trying to find forever - dolsot bimibap!  It had beef and kimchi....the fried egg, the crispy rice, the seaweed....and the hot sauce!  Came with tofu-green onion miso.  I was offered a second bowl.  The dolsot pot was hot and sizzling - the yolk of the egg broke when I mixed it all together and it was tasty.  I really enjoyed this and the sauce, and was able to put plenty in a to go box for tomorrow's lunch.It cost $8 with tax and was very tasty.  There are various bentos, teriyaki dishes, and korean dishes on the menu to try.  I would go back for sure.
5	Their simple bipbimbap is a perfect summer lunch - it's got texture, flavor, lots of vegetables, and that delicious sunnysideup egg...and given the closeness to the UNLV campus, it's an easy walk -- even in the heat - to get it. Major improvement over previous owner's attempt at a bento place -- this now quaint restaurant has three large flat screens that today, guests were glued to watching World Cup while trying to eat with chopstix...it was pretty funny.  Lots of Chinese options, too  - today a coworker had their bowl of Mongolian beef & broccoli with a terrific marinade and super fresh vegetables that were, surprisingly, not cooked to death.  I'm a fan!
3	This place is all the rage amongst my K-pop loving friends, so I had to check it out with the hopes of finding something vegan or at least veganizable on the menu.  And I did!! Based on the convo I had with the woman who took my order, I know it's insane to ask for vegan Korean food... but they accommodated me anyway with a giant bowl o' bi bim bap sans egg and meat.  It did have tons of veggies - carrot, daikon, spinach, bean sprouts, lettuce, seaweed and kimchi.  It was quite good spiced up with gojuchang or "bibimbap sauce," as the bottle was labeled. A ton of food for under $8.  It would have been great to have some tofu on there, but maybe they only have the soft kind for sundubu? Anyway, it seems that's your only vegan/vegetarian option there, but it's a pretty good one.  I will definitely go back next time I'm craving bi bim bap!I really wanted the dol sot bi bim bap (the crunchies are the best part!), but for some reason, they wouldn't make that vegan for me. Not sure how it would be so different, as I've had it made for me at someone's house before in a dol sot, but whatever -- my knowledge of the intricacies of Koren cuisine could practically fill a thimble, so maybe meat/broth is an intrinsic part?
5	This place is awesome!  Good food. Good price. Good place for lunch.  I've been to this place so many times and I've never been disappointed.  The teriyaki bowls are fresh and you get a free miso soup too.  The service is reasonably fast.  Some items take longer to make but the simple items usually gets served to my table within a minute.  In addition, there are three televisions and two computers.  They usually let us have the remote control for one of the TVs.  It's perfect for watching games while having lunch.
3	Had lunch here today, I was famished so I got a teriyaki beef bowl along with a spicy tuna roll. The bowl was very good, the tuna roll was below average. There was avocado in it, which I found odd. I think it was meant to be filler but my reaction is if I wanted avocado I would have ordered a California roll. If you want really good sushi in the UNLV area your best bet is Sushi Boy next to the Post Office.
4	mm YAKI TIME! I am a fan of getting the bento boxes. It's more than a full meal for about $7.00: comes with miso soup, salad, rice, your entree choice, and orange slices. I am a fan of the spicy Teriyaki chicken. Woooooohoo, SO spicy.. As said before they have plenty of food when you order the bentos. I would prefer getting this over a bowl. It's a great place to just sit and have the dine-in experience without the dine-in experience as you pay first, then eat. Another thing, I like having water with all my meals, no matter the meal. And because this place is not considered a sit down restaurant, you get your own drink. Instead of getting some dinky little water cup, they have real, human cups that are open for you to refill again and again when you get the spicy Korean zing!
4	What a nice stop for lunch with a remodeled interior that encourages hanging out for a while. Teriyaki Time offers UNLV students a place to relax, get some work done, and be entertained by Korean music videos while munching on pretty decent food. You order your meal at the register and refill your own drinks, but there's not a cafeteria tray or any paper cups in sight!The bento boxes are a very filling lunch. The chicken katsu and teriyaki bento was pretty decent; the food tastes a lot like you would expect it to at that budget-pretty standard. My box and drink was around $8, and I took home half my chicken. I have yet to order off the Korean side of the menu, but it looks like that is the real winner here.There is also some ramen on the menu I am looking forward to trying. Decor/Interior is an easy 4-5 stars. Food is a 3, definitely "ok" but nothing mindblowing so far. If you are in the area and craving some asian food that is quick and cheap, Teriyaki Time is a good option.
4	let me start by describing how this went down...my boyfriend and i had a little bit of time between class and work, so we needed to eat something in the area. we drove around campus and decided to try teriyaki time.we walk in, and big bang - beautiful hangover is playing (they have music playing, as well as a korean mtv type channel on one of the tvs, and two other tvs in the place). I LOVE KPOP!!!!! well...big bang and 2ne1 at least. we go and look at the menu and i immediately see "ramen" listed under korean food. and my boyfriend got a bulgogi bowl.the lady also noticed my tokidoki clutch and was like, "you're bag is so cute! but they're so expensive!"i told her the story about my clutch - as most of you know, tokidoki bags are no longer with lesportsac. i bought one on ebay for almost half the price! she was really surprised, and said she'd take a look on there.food was soooo good!!! my ramen was like a homemade kimchi bowl (the instant kind). best part - they have a condiments/utensils cart so you can grab everything you need for your meal. genius!service and food was great!!! will definitely be back for the ramen!!!
3	Teriyaki Time serves up decent Japanese and Korean delights to the university crowd nearby.We stopped by just before the busy lunch crowd came bustling through.  The menus are all posted, and when you're ready, head up to the register to give your order and pay.  They'll give you a number and you can find yourself a table.  Water and utensils are self service.The Husband had the Bibimbap "Steamed rice served with vegetables and meat to mix in a hot stone pot" ($7.25).  A decent offering along with miso soup.I ordered the Tempura Plate ($6.95) which came with steamed rice and a side salad.  There was a bit too much dressing as it ran all over the plate and was under my bed of rice.  The tempura included two shrimps and veggies (old broccoli).  Overall, it's nothing special but it satisfies the lunch craving when you're over on campus most of your life.  Bento boxes appear to be their specialty.
4	T-Time is pretty good, they have large portions and theyre food is authentic, well mostly anyway..But the best this is that its right next to UNLV and since i am at school all day, when im tired of fast food and junk food I can always turn to T-Time.Its the only decent asian restaurant near campus, and its pretty good.. anything here will fill you up, and the environment is hell chill as well..(they always have these sexy k-pop music videos on)But I recommend this place for a quick and easy, but good asian food.Kimchi time!
3	the prices are good. the food is a- ok too. there is nothing special about it. just a normal teryaki chicken or been teryaki. i got the bento special which was with chicket katsu and chicken teryaki and the amount of food was really good. worth for trying it but not a fav spot of mine.
4	I am always looking for a new place to try for lunch. Teriyaki Time is near my work. We had planned to go to Cugino's Deli but when we saw Teriyaki Time, we decided to give it a try.Teriyaki Time serves Korean and Japanese food.I ordered the kimchi dolsot bibimbap. It came with a cup of miso soup. The miso soup was fairly decent. I enjoyed the bibimbap quite a bit. I'm excited I found a place to get quick Korean food near my work. I'll definitely be back!
4	Kimchi dolsot bibimbap is the only thing I've eaten at Teriyaki Time, and it's probably the only thing I will ever eat at this place. It's just so good, I can't bring myself to try anything else and miss out on the opportunity to stuff myself with this sizzling hot bowl of yumminess. Besides this amazing dish, the ladies that work the register are always friendly and I love the K-Pop music videos!
3	Nothing super special here.  The prices are OK, the portions are OK.This is probably a good student-spot but it's not the best food in the world or anything.The people that work here are very nice and the place is very new and clean.We each had the bento plates for lunch and they were fine.
2	This place is just okay.  Not very authentic korean...I tried the kimchi dolsot bibimbap because everyone said it was very good.  If you really know really good korean this is definitely not authentic.  My husband had a combo bento plate and his was alright too.  Will not be returning.
4	Looking for something different for lunch, I came across Teriyaki time across from UNLV. I was expecting some teryaki cowls like samurai sams. I ordered a bento combo (chicken and Steak) and egg roll. I thought it was a bit pricey until it arrived. Definitely more food than I could eat. Came with chicken, steak, rice, salad, and soup and the egg roll. Boh chicken and steak were excellent. The egg rolls were great not a spring roll!! I took the left home to the wife and she thought it was great also.We will be visiting again.
3	I was really hoping Teriyaki Time would be better than my initial expectations but that didn't quite happen. Based on the restaurant's name I figured to try the Chicken Teriyaki with Gyoza. Most of the bento box was about average, nothing too impressive but at the same time not horrible. However I have to say that the salad they gave me was quite disappointing since the dressing they used seemed kind of cheap based on the looks of it. I also wished that the portions would have been bigger especially considering the overall quality of the food.To be fair, the lady working at the restaurant seemed nice based on first impression and it's right near campus so I'll give it a benefit of a doubt for those reasons only. It seems like a decent choice to get a meal if you happen to go to UNLV, just don't expect anything spectacular.
4	This is one of those hole in the wall restaurants of Vegas nobody really cares to notice. Not to say the place is rundown either, the restaurant has big screen televisions with the news and music videos playing from Korea and Japan, and it is nicely designed with the decor and the seating. Large parties are able to be accommodated here. The food might seem pricey, but you honestly get what you pay for, and sometimes even a little bit more. The food is always fresh, and I love the different variety of hot tea you can choose from (the portion size is large too, so you get a lot!) The only thing that I noticed change in was the smoothies they have, they seem a lot more watered down now than they used to be. Regardless, I love TT for the fact it's different from the other restaurants in the area, and the place to go when you want a little more ethnicity to eat.
4	This place is a little family-owned and operated restaurant tucked away into a strip mall just across from UNLV.  It's very unpretentious from the outside, but the inside!  Immaculate interior, sweet staff, and Hello Kitty curtains separating the kitchen area from the front counter area!  TV's featuring Korean pop are on pretty much all the time and there is even a computer with free internet access in the back of the restaurant.  The bathroom is one of the cutest I've ever seen: again, immaculate, and boasting a mid-purple tone on the upper half of the walls with white tiles on the lower half.  Black and white tiles form a checkerboard pattern on the floor and gilt mirrors are above the sink and on the opposite wall.  (I know, it's weird to describe a bathroom, but it really made an impression on me.  And, it is really cute.)The food: order from the Korean part of the menu.  I've only ever had the Korean food and it's always good.  Yes, it's pricier, but the portions are generous and everything is made to order.  I had the daeji bulgogi (bbq-ed pork) and the hubby had the kimchi dolsot bibimbap.  Both were sizzling hot and tasty.  Hubby particularly enjoyed the "crispy bits of rice" in his dish.If you're looking for a different place for lunch whilst on campus, come enjoy a more relaxing atmosphere here that's literally across the street from the chaos that is UNLV.
4	It was cold out and when I walked in I involuntarily shivered and the lady at the counter cracked up. I knew I was gonna love this place. K-pop on the big screen, reasonable prices, friendly staff and good food. The tempura was a little heavier than I am used to but the flavors were good. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is Yuuuuummy! It is located across the street from UNLV in a little plaza. Teriyaki Time is one of those restaurants where you can go there to eat a couple times and feel welcome and part of the family. Every time I go there the main cashier  always asks where I've been and how my classes have been. Knowing that an employee of any restaurant remembers me always makes me feel welcome! I have two main dishes that I order there. The Udon and the curry katsu. Both are very filling and reasonably priced. I recommend ordering the Udon if you want to eat on the lighter side, but still want something tasty and filling. The broth is perfectly seasoned and the noodles are always plentiful.The curry katsu is delicious, but be warned, pretty filling. If you have never tried curry katsu before, I recommend you do. Still need more convincing? They are always playing some of the latest K-Pop music videos. A little SNSD and Big Bang should be enough to bring you into the restaurant and enjoy your time.
4	I ordered the teriyaki chicken/bulgogi bento. The bulgogi left me wanting more. :-)
4	Great food cheap asian food. Also hits the spot, but typical of eating asian food, I'm hungry 2-3 hours later.
4	Teriyaki Time is a great place to get some Japanese/Korean food near UNLV. The decorum is nice with plentiful places to sit and a large table for larger groups of people. Staff was always courteous. I like the combos and bentos they have and their bibimbap is pretty good.
4	first time here, chicken teriyaki bowl.very good flavor, plenty of chicken.well worth the price.
3	Decided to have lunch here while i kill time waiting for my appointment. This place is located right across UNLV. Next to the Laundry shop.Location is good you can't miss this place. Service is great with a friendly staff and the atmosphere is great as well.They have free wifi which is a plus for all the students or anyone conducting business. Along with a Tv with Korean music playing, which is awesome.I'm not Korean, but im a big fan of their food and culture. Been there at least 3 times.The food is great. I usually get the Bento plates. The plates i usually get include teriyaki chicken with bulgogi along with tempura, salad, rice and  miso soup all for 10$ +It is a little pricey for what i'm normally used to but overall this place is ok.( I guess you can call me CHEAP.. sometimes :) And food is average still ok.. I would go back if i was in the area since it's the only korean/japanese place i know located near UNLV.Overall i give it a three star because i have had better, but i'm still willing to dine again with this establishment. Just convenient if your in the area craving japnese/korean food.
5	Kalbi is the best I've  ever had!!!!! Try it next time you're there.
4	Teriyaki Time serves great portion size, has a clean place, friendly staff, and reasonable prices. I have nothing against the place. Small discrepancies with a few things my boyfriend and I ordered. We ordered the Wok special teriyaki chicken, orange chicken, and curry chicken katzu. The teriyaki chicken was in my opinion great flavor but my boyfriend said it was too charred for his taste. He is korean and I know he knows asian food better than me. We both agreed the orange chicken had too much breading and not enough chicken. My boyfriend would have liked his to come with a side of some kind of vegetables.Last but not least my curry chicken katzu. The order came with rice, katzu, and a side salad. The flavor of the curry was great. Just the way I would have imagined curry katzu to taste. The salad was light and refreshing a nice flavor combination with the curry.We spent $20 and we both left happy and full!
3	I came in one day during my internship at a bakery to eat at this place. I use to come here when it was a Japanese bento place but now its Teriyaki time. Hearing the owners speak, I knew it was Korean owned, so why not just get something korean instead of some of the Japanese foods they sell here? I ended up getting bulgogi, which was a little different from from other places i have had it but it was still very good. The inside was dimly lit which I enjoyed. They have a large tv playing K-pop when I was there so you get something great to watch.Its the best Asian food in that area that I found, so I recommend it if your near UNLV .
5	BEST Asian restaurant by far. The cashier lady is super friendly, it's hard to not come back. The food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxing I recommend this place to everyone! Of you haven't gone yet, you must go.
3	This is a great and affordable spot near campus. The interior is bright, clean and buzzing with K-POP music. The ladies at the counter are always so nice and funny. For the regulars who come here, they treat you like a part of the family.I usually get a bento bowl for takeout or if dining in, bibimbap or yakisoba. There is an ample amount of food for the price point.
3	I had a few problems with my experience here. I came for boba and they only have like 5 flavors. I ordered Kimchi Bibimbap and a mango smoothie with boba to dine in. The cashier said "You can't have that now, maybe for dessert." Um, what? That is not how I ordered. I got the bibimbap and it wasn't anything special. Nothing to write home about. I thought their kimchi was pretty bland and I LOOOOOVE kimchi, I try A LOT of kimchi. So for the kimchi in your kimchi bibimbap to be lackluster seems pretty sad. I got my food and about 5-10 minutes after I got my smoothie. It was very artificial tasting and had absolutely no boba. I have been trying to find a good place to get boba near campus and this place will not be it.
5	A special place tucked away in a shopping center.  I just found this gem the other day.  I love their bulgogi and their veggies are super fresh.  They have a great menu, many items include soup and salad which you get more for your money.  The staff is very friendly and the place is clean.  Would definitely go back and take friends.  Their Korean options are fantastic.
4	I love Teriyaki Time. It is close to campus and where I live, so I come in here frequently. Their teriyaki chicken, general's chicken, and gyoza are great! I don't know why, but I feel like there is not very many decent teriyaki places in Vegas, or maybe there just isn't around where I live. The place is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is good. I always feel welcome.
4	Asides from the food being pretty delicious, it is quite convenient to come grab a bite since it is so close to school. Been here a good amount of times during my semesters and I really enjoy it here. I only listen to kpop most of the time and since this place plays the most updated music, what's not to love about music videos and food? The environment is always quite tidy and the lighting is a bit dimmed so to me it kind of gives off a cozy relaxed feeling that could perhaps pull off some stress from school. I've had their bibimbap, teriyaki chicken, udon noodles, some pieces of the sushi rolls, and the general tso chicken. Out of all the dishes, I can indulge in the general tso chicken almost every time I am here. I wish it was a little bigger, since i'm a big eater, so I have to take my time and slowly eat it so I can have a delayed onset of satisfaction that lasts.I'd recommend this place 100% if you go to UNLV;  if not then just stop by if you're around the area and love Kpop/Asian food.  Oh and the owner manager big boss lady is also really really really nice. When I was a regular, she'd always give me the biggest and warmest welcome. Not saying that she'll hate you the first visit, but ya she's a really nice lady.
5	This place was so good. Really decent pricing. Great food and atmosphere. Nice employees. Highly recommend.
4	Good eats at decent prices with free WiFi? I ordered the Bento Lunch with Chicken Teriyaki and Gyoza, both were delicious and I was a bit confused at first as to where to sit and whether or not to grab utensils, but was directed properly. I'm always out of place when I go eat by myself. Delicious food nonetheless and will come back for good eats!
4	This review received four stars on account of my visit not being an otherwordly experience. If there was a massage thrown in, that would have been amazing. I digress, however.I stayed safe and stuck with chicken: the chicken teriyaki/chicken katsu bento was very nicely proportioned. There wasn't too much of either item. All of their bentos come with steamed rice and a basic salad, of which the dressing was rather tasty; possibly a combination of ranch and sesame oil. You may ask for steamed brown rice instead. That's an extra $2.00 charge. As I was hungry, I ate everything in my box.Their katsu sauce was definitely an improvement over the fair I get at L&L and Hawaiian A-Go-Go off of East Charleston and Sloan.I recommend this place if you want to escape the oily fried foods you would experience elsewhere around UNLV. I will be back again to try something else. See you then!
4	This is probably the place I go to most around campus. Their menu is honestly kind of a little hit or miss, but when it's good, it's GOOD. My favorite thing off the menu is the curry katsu. The curry rice is good too when i'm not as hungry. I've tried the ramen and california roll combo- the ramen is seemingly a spicy top ramen. Not very good, but the california roll tasted home-made and was refreshing. Bibimbap was pretty okay too. I'm a sucker for Japanese comfort food and quiet ambiance. This place always has K-pop playing on the tv, but it's not too loud, and compared to the student union it's really peaceful.
1	I gave them one star because I had to in order to rate them.  Their ice water taste like it came directly from the toilet.  The food was over cooked.  The staff was as pleasant as an enema and the place smelled like someone had crapped under every table.  To the staff.  I told you I was a Yelper!!!  Laugh at me now.
1	I wanted to love the ramen for my craving fix but couldn't literally lol. So salty I felt like I was digging into a pile of salt in a cereal bowl. The staff are really unwelcoming and intimidating. Definitely not going back here sadly despite the endless Korean dish selection due to my bad experience.
5	Anyone know why they closed all of the sudden?  Love going there for lunch a few times a week.  Owners are great and very nice.  Sad that another small business is gone.
5	Stopped by about two weeks ago and discovered that they were closed. I had been coming to this place on again, off again for about four years. I guess in some ways it comes as no surprise. They slowly began to drop items (you used to get a slice of fruit with the various plate meals, then it was piece of red peppermint candy, then it was nothing), reduce portions (seemed that way at least), altogether stopped with customer services (in-house computer bar had been fully removed for at least a year) and prices slowly crept up.Despite all of this, I really liked the place. The food was great, the place was always kept very clean and the lady that worked the counter was awesome. She always did an excellent job.   My gut says the place going in is still owned by same owner and they are simply re-branding. We shall see! Thanks, Teriyaki Time!
