3	I'd walked past the other branch of this turkish cafe, which is at the Royal Mile, and was surprised to see it again on a day trip to Leith!In Edinburgh, one's got the option to eat foods from so many different cuisines of the world, but I was still very excited to try the food here, as it's the only turkish restaurant I've come across so far. If you're not that much of an adventurous eater, there's the traditional fry-up breakfast as well as sandwiches, but the really exciting stuff is the array of mediterranean food they serve!It's possible to have stuffed vine leaves, moussaka, and mezze platters, and there're some delicious desserts such as baklava available. The cafe's location at the shore means that you'll get some nice sea breeze and a great view to go with your food. It's good to keep in mind that they are a little bit pricier than a couple of other cafe's though!
3	Turkish cuisine isn't necesarily as chic, or in vogue, or as easy to find as it's Mediteranean neighbours on the high street. So I was quite bemused when I first stumbled across Cafe Truva. Chic it is not, but authentic it most certainly is. After 3 hours of ambling along the Water of Leith walkway, my friend and I were in need of lunch. Cafe Truva stood like a beacon on its corner, and I admit it did look a bit oddly placed. With no other cafes or bars around, it seemed to not quite 'fit in'. But after eating, drinking and relaxing there, I can understand why.It has a homely, open and airy feel. The tables and chairs are a bit rickety, in fact the whole place feels like it hasn't been revamped in at least 20 years. This isn't a bad thing. It has charm. And some aspects of the decoration were quite stunning. I immediately liked it. It was Turkish in essence, and so wasn't trying to be Turkish. The menu was reassuringly bizarre. English translations were limited, and I didn't know what half of the things were. The cakes on display were unlike most I've seen in regular Edinburgh cafes. Turkish delight, of course, but many other cakes that I must go back and try.I had the lamb meatballs, and my friend the feta and spinach pastry parcels. (There were real Turkish names for these dishes and I'm afraid I can't remember them. I feel so fake.) Tasty, meaty, cheesy, tomatoey goodness. Not blow-your-socks tasty (like the other Turkish restaurant I've reviewed) but I think because the cuisine was cafe style rather than restaurant. The side salad was presented in a dated and generic manner, with a few bits of iceberg lettuce, some cubes of feta, and a few olives. I think in comparison to the many other nouveau-med cafes around that are bang on trend, it seemed a little...lacking. But then my friend ordered a coffee and I was very impressed by how it came. It was real, gen-yoo-an Turkish coffee. It came with a small cup, a medium sized metal pot, that you steeped for a while then served. It was sweeter than normal coffee, but also darker and richer. Like nothing I've ever tried. And it complimented the cake we shared wonderfully (an intensely sweet, gooey layered honey and nuts creation. Again, authentic, and again I can't remember its name...)Cafe Truva is a slightly odd creature, but it has charm. It is authentically authenitc, rather than hamming it up for the tourists authentic. It feels like its been lifted straight from a Turkish village, circa 1980, that the locals visited for their afternoon coffee and cake. It's not trying to impress the ladies-who-lunch crowd, or compete with other nouveau-med joints. I wouldn't say to take a trip out here just for this cafe. But I would say if you're in the area, go and if you go, order the coffee and a sticky, sweet cake. And the meatballs (although not necesarily in that order.)
2	Although it has a sister coffee shop on the Royal Mile, I didnt get the same experience in this one.  The staff were a little rude, although it did supply some lovely goodies.
3	Cafe truva is a fit and healthy 3 if ever i saw one. Big portions, delicious pita (OK so not really supposed to eat pita bread at the moment but the temptation was too much) and generous nice salads. The chicken panini was bit tough for the boy's liking. Stuffed vine leaves were nice, the green olives that came with the salad were drop dead delicious with this buttery overtone that I didn't expect. Artichoke salad wasn't drained properly (artichokes from a can) so there was a lot of water combined with dressing that sadly soggi-fied my pita. Definitely nice, and a generous menu fit for most dietary needs. Baklava and assorted sweets looked appetizing. It's not a must visit, but it's definitely a good place to go if you need a lunch spot in Leith.
4	Cafe Truva on the Shore. This is one of the places that only get better and better! It has been there for years (in effect since 1998!) It went from small Turkish offerings to the full well placed Eastern Med  restaurant chain (3 restaurant and counting) I like this original shop. Cosy, clean and very friendly. They are frequented by locals as well as day trippers to the shore. It is well placed on the edge of the Shore over looking the water and it is a sun trap! Winter or Summer - if the sun is out - Truva will be in it. - The food is definatly Turkish with added burgers and panini's - the whole day breakfast (Turkish or Scottish) is a treat and a feast. Not too expensive. They offer free WiFi, take-away and also do outside Catering
