5	Staff is great, kind and always welcomes you when you arrive in the lobby.Rooms are comfortable and big. Most of them have balconies. The beds are comfortable along with the pillows. The rooms have a nice desk and big TV.The pool is amazing!!! Nice patio furniture and it is always kept clean. The hot tub was down for one day and the maintenance was on it right away. My new favorite place to relaxThe work out facility is small, but has the stuff to do the job. One elliptical and two treadmills. Weight set and yoga mats as well.The water pressure in the shower is my downfall, because I like to take baths that don't take half an hour to fill or a shower that i can get a good clean in. But the room we were moved into did have better water pressure. There are plenty of restaurants around town very close, within walking distance, to the hotel. They also have a full bar and happy hour in the lobby.I would recommend staying here
4	So, I am used to staying at the Red Rock Casino nearby, but can't always get a room there at a reasonable price, and I am trying to gain my Marriott points. Normally, for business I stay at Marriott's all over the country and I can tell you that this one is very well run. Good, friendly, attentive staff and Marriott remodels their locations regularly to keep them updated.  I've stayed here at least 10 times and my room is always clean and service is great. Employees don't do just the minimum here. They will go out of their way to help you. I met the General Manager today and learned why. He has what we call in the insurance industry "good management concern and control" and really works well with his employees. Good morale = good operations. I think the cafe in the lobby is overlooked by guests most of the time.  Marina, who works in the cafe is a very attentive and a wonderful employee who really tries to take care of guests. She is awesome and will take care of you if you eat or drink in the lobby.  I have noticed a lot of regular guests who just love her. Try them out if you want to stay off strip and avoid cigarette smoke, crime, traffic, parking issues, etc.
5	Very clean facility.  Friendly staff.  Well trained and well mannered.  We would stay again and recommend!
5	Staff was super friendly. Crystal at the front desk was SUPER NICE!!! Very accommodating. She helped us with a huge issue we had and was still VERY patient and understanding and even called us a cab to take us to our concert so we wouldn't miss it. I will for sure book this hotel again.
4	The hotel was priced fairly.  It was clean and easy to get to.   The service was nice and the pool was pleasant.  I'd stay there again if I were ever in the area.The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were up to date.
