4	Super cheap, super greasy, and super friendly.  This place is a splendid post-bar choice.  The staff were chatty and nice; they made us feel welcome.  The fish and chips I got were way too much for me to eat, but it was good.
5	There are only a few places in Edinburgh that I would recommend to a stranger in the street, but Bene's is numero uno, in my opinion. Yeah, ok, it's a fish and chip shop. But what's wrong with that?! I've eaten in fancy restaurants and paid through my ears for an average-tasting fish, but Bene's guarantees quality every single time. Fish and chips is, somewhat sadly, a trademark meal in the UK, so for tourists wanting to experience the best it has to be Bene's.The fish and chips are to die for, you just know it's good quality fish. I've lost count of the amount of nights out that have ended up in a visit to Bene's (open till 2am at the weekends). The staff are LOVELY. I would be embarrassed that my local chippy knows me on a first-name basis, but I am thoroughly pleased to be able to chat to Maria and her husband Carlo, and even Bene when he is around. They are lovely, genuine people who work very hard. As well as your standard fish and chips, I can thoroughly reccommend the mince pies, cheese-burgers and pizzas (which they make with haggis!). It's real, honest, comfort food that is the highlight of my month! Furthermore, it is a widely known fact that whenever royalty comes to Edinburgh, they get a Bene's fish and chips. If it's good enough for the Queen, it's good enough for me.
4	Just a stones throw away from my place of work, on a couple of occasions I've felt ravenous enough on the way home to devour a fish supper walking along the street. I always judge a chippy on the quality of it's more exotic options such as the king rib, chipsteak or chicken, and having only tried the fish I can't be certain how good these delights are, but the haddock supper I went for was more than satisfactory.Big, crunchy and tasty, the fish gets no complaints from me. Not unforgettable, but a bit above the average.
4	As Emily said, chips are one of the staple meals of the UK. We have a lot of good fish and chip shops, so if you're going to make a living out of making scrummy fast food, you'd best be sure you do it right!Bene's fish and chip shop is of a very high standard, and quite stand alone at this quieter end of the Royal Mile. Serving up pizzas, fish chips and sausage suppers, it's the kind of price you'd expect on the Royal Mile but the quality is amazing. Tasty, soft and with great service, you can't go wrong with Bene's.
5	Ahh Bene's - now you deliver!!!I was informed a few days ago that my mum had bought a new flat in the city and thus I was moving to it....but it's about 20 minutes from Bene's. Seriously, this upset me a bit. I've been so used to nipping up to Bene's for a pint of milk or some dinner, I've taken it for granted. Just when I thought all hope was lost, Maria informed me that they delivery. Thank you God.Now you have no excuse not to try on of their famous dishes, they deliver!!!! woohooo!!
5	I made friends here! Im from Los Angeles California and I got to perform at Venue 13 for the fringe festival and this was the place!! Everyone of my people came here and ordered the Calzones almost everyday!This is a cute family owned food place and I made friends with  Medea! you are so sweet and I will miss this place very much so! Dont forget to try a fried Mars bar!!!
5	I'll be honest and say that I've only ever had pizza and chips from here (though now that I've read the reviews I'll be getting fish next time) and while MAN was that pizza good it's their chips, oh their heavenly chips, that are the star.  They are, hand on heart, the best chips I have ever had.  It's the combination of chips which are all different sizes so you have some which are super crispy and some where are nice and soft, and the fact that the DOUSE them with salt and vinegar ... ooooohhh man my mouth is actually starting to water.  I used to live just five minutes from Bene's and it was my late night treat after a night out.  Now I live across town and try as I might I cannot find chips like Bene's.  I think I know where I'll be dragging my man on Saturday night!
4	Have been a few times as it is a very convenient fish and chip shop on my way home. More importantly though I keep coming back because the chips - in my view the real measure of a chippie - are really good.The chips I had last night - a large portion, which I shared were a lovely mix of sizes and all very well done, some crispy some soggy, none undercooked. For their location they aren't expensive, they seem to be open late and the staff are friendly. Also noticed this time some newspaper clippings on the wall detailing the royal clientele who make use of Bene's proximity to the Palace. So if you are a staunch republican you may have to steer clear, but I wouldn't let your politics get in the way of a good late night snack.
5	This was the BEST Fish and Chips I have ever had!  It was wonderful.  They fixed it while we waited and was still hot when we got back to our Hotel.  I only wish we were staying longer so we could go back.  Loved the added (your request) the vinegar and salt.
4	Benes is a must do.  There are a number of nominations as Edinburgh's best chippie.  While I haven't been able to do a statistically significant sample to that effect, it's damn good.  And Bene is a funny guy, just ask him!I came here twice because, the first time I was intent on fish and chips, they convinced me to try the haggis.  The first and so far only time I've had haggis. And I honestly (no offense) never thought I'd try haggis.  It wasn't bad!So I went back the next night for fish and chips.  But be warned, order the fish and chips and be without company, ye shall suffer a horrible fate - wasted good food.  Ay, on top of a healthy bunch of chips you get a small whale or a massive chunk of fish.  Best bring a friend or 2.
5	This chippy is brill! The fish and chips are the best and the fried cheeseburgers are amazing!! They are sooooo tasty!! I recommend Benes to everyone!!
