4	I like this salon. It has lots of windows and natural light so you can really see the color your hair has been dyed. Taylor has done my color a few times now and I love it! Her blow dry is fantastic too, I never want to run home and mess with it like usual.
5	This is truly a hidden gem in Summerlin! Everyone (and I mean everyone) there is so nice and welcoming! From the time you walk into the very chic salon,  you are treated like a member of the family. Michael and Jill have really put their heart and soul into thinking of everything that would make your visit awesome. I had a color treatment with Jill and cut with Lauren and both stylists took ample time chatting with me about likes, dislikes, and expectations. Jill was totally spot-on with what she did. I LOVE the color and it was precisely what I was looking for. I have to say this is the first time that the color was exactly the shade I wanted on the first try. It usually takes a colorist several tries before we get there.Lauren did my cut and blow-dry, both of which were outstanding .. and though she is new to Vegas .. she is definitely NOT new to the hair industry ;) One little extra is they have computers at the color bar .. so while she was putting the color on (and you know how long that takes) I was able to surf the internet, shop, check emails etc! The team at GHH is every bit as talented as they are genuinely nice and caring. I would highly recommend GHH and Jill and Lauren to anyone searching for a color specialist or hair stylist.
3	First of all I went to this salon because of groupon. I also went in with a pre-conceived idea of what I wanted my hair to look like. Having said this.....I really liked the salon. Very clean, lots of light, the staff was very nice and professional. The only thing I didn't like as much is my hair is way shorter then I wanted it to be, I told the stylist that I am very self conscious about my ears so to make sure she didn't cut it too short to where my ears show.... my ears show!  When she was done cutting my hair she said I could leave... I still had hair all over me, when I asked for  a towel or a blow dryer to get it off she blew the hair into my purse that was hanging off the chair... I went outside and had to "dust" off my clothes and face.....All in all it wasn't a horrible experience and in a couple of weeks I know I will like my "new" hair, but I can't say that I will go back again.
5	I went in for the first time, found the the salon, through a fabulous Groupon deal $30 for a $120 value (cut, deep condition & blowout). The salon is very clean, modern & beautifully designed. The stylists are very friendly and knowledgeable. My stylist was Eric. He listened well and gave very good suggestions for my cut. I was especially pleased that he didn't yap and ask me alot of personal questions like some stylists do. Another thing I noticed was, Eric is very meticulous with his work. Even though I came in looking rather bummish, hair unmaintained for quite sometime using a coupon, Eric didn't do coupon work. He was very gracious and tactful. He did an excellent job and I will certainly return to his salon as a repeat customer. Very pleased with my cut and service.
5	This is the best hair salon I've ever been to in Vegas. I've had two girls cut my hair and they both did a marvelous job.Lauren: Great at layering long hair. Taylor: Awesome hair extension specialist. She makes sure your real hair blends in perfectly with the extensions so the extensions don't look fake. There're also computers for you to use while she is doing your extensions. She is honest about her consultation. My extensions cost around $450 compared to other insanely expensive places.  But do keep in mind the price depends on the method that is right for you.  They are both super sweet girls. I have also decided to stay with this salon from now on.  Not only that, this salon does charity work. Very down to earth owners.
1	My hair was dark brown. Specifically asked to lighten my hair to a lighter brown.  Eric, the stylist explained what he would do and I replied whatever you need to do to lighten my hair.  Of course my hair came out darker.  I'm not sure what he misunderstood, but I asked him to fix it.  He then explains that only bleaching would lighten it, which he did not say the first time.  Anyway, he continues to say that it will cost more and he can't do it till 4 days later because the salon is closing.  Needless to say I will not return.
1	Well since the two best left I am not certain that it will ever live up to the salon it once was.  If you too were Michael and Jill fanatics you can find them below (GHH refused to tell me where he was).  Canyon Falls Spa and Salon7131 W Craig Rd Las Vegas, NV. 89129702-491-6434 ---To make an appointment with Nicole(yes the same sweet Nicole who always made appointments!)
3	I went here because of the great reviews on yelp and online. I've been searching for a new stylist and colorist in Vegas. It really seems hard to find good quality that is consistent.  I would give a 3.5 stars, but it isn't an option. The colorist was very nice and listened to what I wanted, though I went from highlights to low lights and could hardly see much of a difference between my new colors. I was expecting more drastic difference. The cut was pretty good but asked for long bangs and just got layers with no bang. All not that big of a deal....except when I had to pay the bill. I was charged $180 just for partial highlights barely noticeable, an extra $25 for extra color and an extra $25 for blowdry time because my hair is longer than shoulder length, it's not like my hair goes to my butt, it doesn't.  For a bill over $300 I should have been blown away by my hair, but sadly I wasn't.
5	My daughter and I had Courtney cut our hair a couple weeks ago. This was not the first time Courtney has cut our hair, and as expected she did a beautiful job! Courtney's the best! Love the new managment and feel at the salon.
5	I first started going to GHH a year ago when they had a Groupon. I had my haircut by Lauren and let me tell you, I am hooked! I have been looking for a stylist since moving out here from Cali 3 years ago. What I love about Lauren is that she just knows what you're looking for, like how she knows I shouldn't have bangs no matter what I say. She's a great colorist and always knows how to make you look even better than when you walked in. I drive all the way from Henderson to see her and wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Everyone here is fabulous!!! I come back fr Cali just to get my hair done here.
5	I love Eric!  I can come in with a photo, or just a general length whenever I want a new look and he always makes it look great. What's even better is that the look stays looking great until the next cut.  Very friendly and professional.
5	Eric is great! He always makes me feel very comfortable and manages to make my hair look great no matter what. He makes even a trim bring a whole new life to my hair. I had been going to him for a while just to get my layers freshened up. I'm very protective over my hair, and I always knew he would take only what he had to and keep it looking great. One day, I finally decided to take the plunge and lose the length. I searched Pinterest for weeks, until I found a style I loved. As I walked into the studio I felt butterflies over the idea of losing my long hair.  I was slightly concerned that I would burst into tears the moment he made the first snip. But I sat down and showed him the photo. He smiled and said "that'll be fun!" but made sure I had thought this through... I think he was also concerned about me bursting into tears. We decided to go through with the haircut, and I made it all the way without batting an eye. In fact, I had a giant smile on my face. He did great. Once he dried my hair, he made some minor adjustments to add a little extra "sass" to my hair. Six inches of hair on the ground, but all I could do was look at the great hairstyle he gave me. We finished the session with Eric telling me some ways to style it. He gave some great pointers that have been very helpful! It's been a week, and I couldn't be happier.
