1	Are you lost? Run away from this place as fast as you can! Not only the vodka will ruin your stomach but also the horrible thing they call food. At $35 ($45 with taxes and tips) the holidays menu is a total rip-off.
5	I always wanted to try famous russian chebureki and borshch. Finally decided to go at La Caverne. Little Beautiful place with nice ''easy'' ambience. Great to spend some time with your friends eat, take few drinks. Overall, it is a amazing local russian restaurant. I always recommend it to my friends. By the way we are going next friday, hope it will be as good as first time.
4	I had my first Russian food in this restaurant! And I left the place by promising myself to come back. The food was soooooooooooooo tasty, so delicious, the presentation of food excellent, the service in general top notch. Great restaurant! Enjoyed!
5	I have been many Russian restaurant and tried their food many times, but this place was one of the best Russian restaurant! Fantastic atmosphere, delicious food and most importantly great service !!!! Thank you for the great night, can't wait to go back :)
5	Authentic Russian/Slavic foods are to be had here.Don't expect your standard (horrible) run of the mill pierogi, you know the ones you can buy in the freezer bags at your grocery store and somehow make it onto restaurant menus, this is the real deal.For sure try the Khartcho (lightly spicy & sour beef soup with rice), and the pork & beef Pelmeni (small dumplings), they're amazing.It's a small place, located, as the name suggests, in a basement of sorts.It might be a little hard to spot at first, since the sign is rather small, but don't let that deter you from your ultimate goal: Tasty stuff & vodka.
5	Hands down best place in town for authentic Eastern european food. I can gladly say that the only food that can compete with my Babushka's home made pelmenies would be the ones served at La Caverne. I even brought my aunt when she came from Ukraine and she absolutely loved it. Would recommend to everyone.
