4	Welcome Five Guys!!!! Great choice for a location - as there is a Fudruckers right across the street, that sucks. It's next to Paradise (also new) in a strip mall setting. The location is huge, clean, organized. Outdoor seating, shade, lots of tables, and great service. The only downside, and this is for all locations, the decor is too close to In-N-Out. Not something to count against a star being deducted. I gave them 4 not 5 stars because they are new and have kinks to work out. Yet have to be open for awhile to really "wow" people. When you have so many dining selections in the Arrowhead Mall area, you need to have somethin that makes me and other ppl say "dinehere".. They use real meat, not processed. Fry orders are huge, always a ton to take home. The seasoned fries is basically similar to the stuff they have at Red Robin or Chuys (for the chips). It's good. Overall a good burger. Yum!
3	If you love burgers, you will love the food at this place! Big juicy real meat burgers are as good as it can get!  Also love the free peanuts they offer!  If I was to rate the burger for quality & taste only, it would be 5 stars. That's the positives.For me, the bun is too soft and tends to get soggy.  The girl who handles the money also hands you your drink cups with her dirty fingers all over the Top Rim of your cup. As for the decor, if you like sitting at tables surrounded by sacks of potatoes, you're gonna love this place!
5	I am from the home of the original Five Guys burger joint in the Washington, DC area. Now they're all over the USA and I have never been to a Five Guys anywhere that was not the same burger and fries as I had the first time I ate one when I was in Junior High. It's always consistent and I think it's the best burger you can get for under $6 anywhere.I love In N Out. I love Five Guys just a tiny bit more. 2 different experiences (no peanuts to enjoy while you wait at In N Out and not as clean at Five Guys) and Five Guys costs more, but one order of fries and a burger might convert you if you already have a favorite burger joint.
2	Loved this place back in California. It's pretty much the same here but a couple things I noticed that made me dock stars:1.  THEY DON'T USE FRESH MUSHROOMS. I always get grilled mushrooms on my burgers and these were soggy and had a sour aftertaste like canned mushrooms. I had to pick them out :(2. Lots of kids working here= poor service quality3. Fries didn't have the cajun seasoning...or maybe they just didn't put enough of it? They were somehow lacking. 4. They had the cool coke machines with the gazillion different flavors but I just got a coke and they needed to refill the syrup, the coke wasn't sweet at all :( I guess that goes more with the service complaint. Not a big fan of this location but I will definitely try out others.
5	We love it.  It's a great burger although one in the family still thinks In&Out is far superior.  It's close.  In&Out has a special sauce but these burgers just have more flavor.  We have been to the one in Arrowhead, Bell/7thStreet and Scottsdale.  All are great.
3	In-n-Out is better.
4	The fries are great they give you a ton. The burgers are alright, I like that they give you the topping at no extra charge, but they are pricey for a greasy burger joint. They are defiantly the place to go when you are hungry. If you are a tiny eater they are not you place. Free peanuts too.
5	I am a huge burger fan and have sampled burgers in the US and the UK.Five Guys is definitely one of my favorite burgers. Fresh and juicy, their burger tastes like it was made in someone's backyard in the best possible way. Their fries don't have that manufactured french fry taste...you can still taste the potato in their fries, which I love. I also love that this Five Guys location has the awesome soda selector where I can still enjoy Vanilla Coke.
4	Having never eaten at a Five Guys before, my husband and I decided to give it a try.  We both had the little bacon cheeseburger, regular fries (shared) and drink.  My husband thought it was the best burger he had eaten in a long time, due in part to the crispy bacon and mushrooms as toppings.  The fries were hot and plenty for the two of us.  I was most impressed with the friendliness of all the employees and the cleanliness of the dining area.  We will be back.
4	I like Five Guys Burgers and Fries.  They are up there with In and Out Burger.  In and Out Burgers are presented all nice and tidy, Five Guys Burgers and Fries are more in your face.  I have to open wide to take that initial bite.  It is a good juicy, drippy, carnivorous delight.  I always order the Cheeseburger.  I like being able to add toppings to the burger when you order.  It makes it easy.  The fries are good, almost over seasoned.  Almost.  I still ate them all.4 stars.  I am a fan.
4	Burgers always good... they cook the fries in peanut oil... they are on the softer side so if you like crispy fries... you may not like these... they are delicious though.  FYI... the little burger is one patty... the regular burger is two patties...  all cooked fresh to order and they have to cool coke machines too...  Oh, and while you wait there are open boxes of peanuts you can snack on while you wait for your food.
4	Really only giving it a 4 because of how great the food was. Today was my first time going here and we ordered 2 burgers, a fry and a pop. First, I like how they name their burgers, the regular burgers are doubles and then the "littles" only have a single patty-- pretty innovative. Also, condiments are free so you can maximize your dollar by getting every topping you want on it! Super awesome!So I loaded up my burger and when we got our order, but my burger was lacking. They didn't put all of the condiments on it, which would have been a complete bummer if I had gotten to-go. Luckily, we ate in so I was able to tell them. The customer service wasn't rude or stand-offish, they were just very "blah". The employees seemed very bored and uninterested, not quick to help. The feel of this restaurant is kind of cool except a few things:-The music was too loud-The soda pop machine was so "advanced" it was confusing to use and we had to ask someone for help (super awkward)-It's almost as if they expect/force you to get to-go. They don't ask you if it's "for here or to go", they automatically package your stuff up. Therefore, eating in was a bit of a hassle. So basically, this place gets four stars because the food was absolutely delicious.
1	I was very excited it try this burger joint and was very disappointed. I ordered a hamburger and they made a cheeseburger. I sent it back and told the guy i didnt want cheese. So he made it again and guess what, it had cheese AGAIN! By the time I actually got my burger without cheese, I was full from eating fries and my husband's burger was cold because he was waiting for me. They didn't even offer to comp us for  anything.  I also thought it was dirty. The floors needed to be sweeped and the trash needed to be emptied. With so many other choices out there, I won't go back.
2	For the life of me, I cannot figure out what the hype is about.  I tried a burger here, and frankly, it wasn't very good.  It was dry, and the bun was rather pathetic.  The burger was (barely) one step above what I'd get at McDonald's.  Their fries were very good, I will give them that, but I don't go to a burger joint just for that.  In-n-out has better burgers, but if you want a REALLY good burger, Smashburger is the way to go.
4	Is it just me or have the prices recently gone up? Either way the food year seems good and affordable to me.If you are going for a combo, the prices can get pretty high. But for 2 people, we just split a regular fry and skip the drinks and it really isn't any different than other fast food places. The fries are good. The burgers actually taste like meat.My only complaint with the free peanuts is it seems like the turnover on them must be pretty slow. I get quite a few rancid peanuts. But those are only a free snack while waiting for my burger.
4	Good burgers, but the prices seem to have gone up since the last time we were at one of these places. Two burgers and an order of fries to split seemed a bit steeper than I remembered. Even so, I still like the food, especially since they have malt vinegar freely available. Meaty burgers, not greasy ones, decent service and picking whatever toppings you want.
3	Went there last night after my brother kept saying they had the best burgers around. Ordered the regular bacon cheese burger, fries and a drink. Burger was cooked just right, but I wasn't a fan of the cheese they used, don't remember getting a choice. Fries were OK and you get a bunch if them, so order less than you think you might want. Not a fan of the pick your own coke machine, too many choices and you end up standing in line waiting for people to push all the different buttons. Plus it's a Coke machine, but NO cherry coke option.Decor is spartan and utilitairian, wood stools and tables with a tile floor, there are some metal tables and chairs outside. Music was way too loud and we left as soon as we finsihed eating because of the noise. Maybe that's why it's so loud, to turn the tables quicker.It was OK, but I'd rather do Samshburger. Better fries, service, intertior and soda machine.
4	foods ok. came quick. pretty clean. Update: Hotdogs at five guys, are awesome.
4	I know this is a burger joint, but their french fries are AWESOME!  I ordered the bacon cheese burger (I should have ordered the light - 1 patty instead of 2).  It was too much for me.  I again should have ordered the small fries not the normal size.  The soda machines are fun.  I had orange vanilla HC drink.  YUM...  I wanted to look through the machine to see what other options but I had someone behind me.  Minus -1 star:  The seat hurt my butt or I need more meat on my butt.  LOL!
4	Solid burgers and fries, and holy crap do they give you a lot. The cup they serve fries in is more like a suggestion, as they fill the bottom half of the bag with fries anyway. Why waste money on cups? Cajun fries are the bomb, especially if you like a little spice. The jalapenos here are pretty kickin' too.Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the price. I'd be here more often if it wasn't $10-$15 for one person. IMO a bit too high for what I'd consider a lunch spot, but you do get what you pay for, especially in this case.
4	you're getting sit down restaurant quality here but its fast easy and delicious!
4	I have kept hearing about this place but was wary because some of the other burger transplants in the last few years have been mediocre in my opinion.  I had the little cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, mayonnaise and grilled onions and a little fries.  Really good, with one exception of there being to much salt on the fries.  If you want to sit outside make sure at least one of your party stays inside to hear your number called.
4	If you are looking for a burger, you can't really go wrong with Five Guys. I also make a Five Guys run when I'm craving fresh, hot french fries. I'd love to avoid this, but I'm weak. Major pluses are the menu layout here, and the attentiveness of staff. I have been to this location a handful of times and order came out perfect every time. Given that there are so many permutations to ways people like their burgers, I appreciate the attention to detail. I'd go so far to say that I don't typically get this kind of attention to detail in many sit down restaurants. Only drawback for me is take out, as your burger will be soggy when you get home. Advise if you are planning on grabbing family dinner on your way home, to be sure to have them put the sauce in a side container for you. Other drawback is eating all your fries before your burger and not getting through your burger...
3	I love Five Guys. First time to this location and was disappointed on the large fries portion. You use to get an extra scope of fries at the bottom of the bag but I guess they don't do that anymore. You set that expectation so needless to say we were disappointed and so were other patrons as we heard their comments as well.
1	This review is a review of the corporate stores such as this one. I love their food but there is one thing that always makes me second guess going to Five Guys and I am sure you know what it is. The music. I am a very patient person but every time I walk into these places I want to walk right out. Don't go here if you are on a date or plan to visit with anybody. You will not be able to hear them without everyone else hearing the conversation. Thank god this one restaurant does have outdoor seating and there is no music. What you'll feel like when you go to these restaurants is that you're having five guys screaming at you the whole meal. Please turn the music down so people can enjoy each other's company and  also enjoy the food. Aside from the very loud music of this restaurant is the fact that when you order the most basic of the meals at this restaurant you will feel like someone picked hour pocket. Don't get me wrong the food is fresh tasting but I can feed a small family with what I have spent eating here and that's just a combo. Five guys you could be so much more!
2	Pluses:  Service, priced well for what they are attempting (attempting being the key word) clean, fun atmosphere.Minuses: I had the burger with A1.  It was smothered in A1 overpowering.  Made the bun super soggy.  Burgers are well done,  no other option.  Only American cheese no other cheese choice.  Really?  Fries were unevenly cooked.  Some were still white others crispy-very inconsistent.
3	I've been hearing people rave about this place for so long so we finally decided to come out & try it.  I was most excited for their fries because apparently, that's what everyone says they are amazing at.  We ordered & waited about 10 min, there were maybe 8 other people in the whole place (who were already eating I should add).  We finally received our food & my bun was cold, almost stale tasting & the fries were soggy.  They say they make the fries fresh each time which I'm really not buying because we waited so long & these were not made fresh whatsoever.  My burger was just okay, I've had much better, I think the bun really killed it for me. The toppings are free so you can add as many as your tummy desires which my husband liked. I'm not going to be rushing back here anytime soon.  I think I'll stick to In-N-Out when a burger craving hits.
4	Of all the burger places in the area, this is my favorite. Love all the toppings and the freshness of the burger.  I know everyone raves about the fries & I have to agree. What's makes them taste so great is the freshness...their kind of old-fashioned in the way that they are like home made. They are amazing. I do think this place is a little pricey. 30bucks for burgers fries & drinks is a lot for 2 people.  But I guess that's how it is these days...at least it tastes great!  My only complaint about this location is the customer service.  They people aren't overly friendly or welcoming...they have a job to do & they do it. Nothing terrible or overly rude, but I like a smile with my meal.
5	My husband chose Five guys for his birthday lunch.  I usually do not eat the bun with burgers but I decided to cheat since it was his birthday. The owner came over and asked how we liked our burgers and I advised him It was amazing especially the bun.  I said it's probably because I hadn't eaten bread in so long, but even still GREAT!  He said a great healthy alternative is their BLT.  He described it and I agreed it sounded good. The next thing we knew he showed up at our table with a BLT for free.  I thanked him and he said it was ultimately a selfish act as he knew I'd be hooked. HE WAS RIGHT!  I have NEVER had a BLT like this.  I wanted to finish it so badly, but I couldn't.  I know they are known for the burgers and fries, but if you like BLT's you need to try their version.  Excellent service, great music, and peanuts for free!
1	Go to Burger King it's better than this store. Don't get me wrong I usually love 5 Guys Burgers but I've been to this specific restaurant twice and both times I've had bad experiences. First time they put one piece of lettuce on my burger. I was so pissed and felt that they were probably short on it so I didn't say anything. Really 1 small piece? Fries were also undercooked and soggy.  Today as I was driving around I decided to try it again just in case they had a bad day on my first visit. I ordered the same as I have before when my order was ready I noticed my burger meat patty was so flat I didn't know if it was because they were messing with me or a training issue.  The bun was stale and the fries (you guessed it undercooked and soggy).  I am done and decided to just go elsewhere. Needless to say I will NEVER go to this store again. Management should focus on training staff on freshness and not pushing stale buns. Also don't flatted the patty to the point that you don't taste it.
1	First and last time here. French fries were disgusting overly salty soggy. Hamburger was a mess as well. Ugh so wanted to like it here.
5	Someone took my order instead of hers on mistake and left. The staff was so courteous, they gave us large fries instead of little for the extra wait and completely refunded our $20. Great customer service!
