2	all i can say is they cut g's bagel. i was explicitly clear in my order: one plain bagel as it is. no cutting, no toasting, just a normal bagel please, with plain cream cheese on the side. they cut g's bagel anyway. and just because saturday was my lucky day, the plain bagel they cut and smothered with an excessive amount of cream cheese was the last one.my bagel was ordered toasted, but received un-toasted. i can't say i really cared. but when i order the bagel in its natural state, i really want to receive it that way. please. and seriously,  who runs out of plain bagels at 9 am on saturday?!
4	Frequent visitor of this location. Usually a little bit of a line but manageable. They have a pretty good selection, not that I stray that much. Their coffee is pretty good, I like that I can refill it at my leisure. Like all Einsteins they put A LOT of cream cheese on the bagels, but its easy to spread off to your liking.
4	New Sourdough bagel is a good idea, and fairly tasty.  Service was fast, efficient, polite, and food was fine.  Decent parking.  Easy to find location.  Prices reasonable.
4	I love Einstein.  Fresh bagels are the bomb!  This Einstein is consistent with the others.  I think the layout is odd the way you have to enter and cross the store to start your order.  It's also a little cramped.  Most Einsteins are layed out better than this one.  Great location facing Papa John's across the street.
3	The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are good (they basically take the bottom and top of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An easy way to cut calories without losing the taste.
5	Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious.
4	Very friendly and helpful service in comparison to other locations i've been to.I have always loved their bagels. :-)
2	Normaly I would give this a better review, not this time though. Ok, rant time! Jalepeno shmear, put some on the damn bagel... oh and when I see you dont, I decided to order an extra side and considering it is very freaking small you charge $1.64. Pfffffft! NY Bagels on Deer Valley WAY BETTER!
5	Consistently comes to my rescue when I need a place to chill. I wish they were open for dinner. Today is what made me write the review. Went to one place, line was out the door. Went to another- same deal. Went to Einsteins and they were busy but not crazy busy. More like steady. Next time I'll go there first. Love the cranberry tasty turkey on a cranberry bagel. Love their seasonal food too!
4	I found this location on Yelp when looking for breakfast around 8am. The employees were prompt and very polite. I ordered the turkey sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel. It was easily one of the best I've had at an Einstein's!The coffee was also great, though I poured the last cup of their neighborhood blend. I let them know and by the time I was walking out, they had refilled all of coffee options. Glad to see attentive service like that.
4	Love Einstein bagels.  This is local to our house and I frequent 3-4 timers per month.  Place is always clean and service is usually fast.
2	About what one would expect from a conglomerate fast food chain as far as the food quality goes, but what was especially remarkable today was the very poor customer service. I sat outside, and when the employee brought my lunch out and did not bring a fork, she acted almost joyous that she got to tell me that I have to go inside to get my own fork. She will have no future in customer service I'm sure of that.This was at 2:30 on 11/2/13.
3	Short Version: Always loved their bagels and their egg sandwiches. Always hated the long wait.Long Version: I usually weight my ratings more heavily on food, but in this case, the wait and whole inefficient process of ordering just makes this such a terrible experience. What is the purpose of one person taking orders but not taking payment? How about just taking orders and payment and using the extra person to prepare the food so that we can get through the line faster?As for the bagels, the Everything Bagel is my favorite with salmon schmear on one side and light plain schmear on the other side. My office order Einstein bagels for us every Friday so I usually need to get to the kitchen early otherwise the Everything Bagel has been claimed.On the weekends, when the line is even worse, I like to order an Egg, Turkey and Cheddar sandwich on an Everything Bagel, but instead of the Turkey Sausage that is on the menu, I ask for Breakfast Turkey, which is just regular Turkey Lunchmeat. However, if you ask for Turkey Lunchmeat, they charge you an extra $1.50, but if you ask for Breakfast Turkey, it's free of charge. It must be a difference in portions. I also add plain schmear to one side, which is important because if it's added to both sides, your fillings will just slide out and your sandwich gets messy as funk.Anyways, I was there this weekend and it took me, no exaggeration, 40 minutes from the time I ordered to when my name was called. Booooo!Let's channel Einstein a bit more and get smarter with the ordering and preparing of food process!
3	Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here, thus waiting in line contrary to the program. Bummer.
2	Hubby ran in for what was supposed to be a quick trip for bagels to go. While I sat in the parking lot I didn't note how long I waited, but it was longer then usual and hubby confirmed the long wait inside.The pumpkin bagels didn't seem fresh, and had waaaay too much cream cheese to the point where globs and globs were dropping out of them onto our shirts.Don't think I will go back as there are too many options out there and a bagel is easy enough to make perfect.
