3	Spotted this cute food truck while checking out the cars out at the Super Run Classic Car show.  I didn't want to order anything too cumbersome to carry since I wanted a free hand to take pix of the cool cars while walking.  I wasn't really hungry either so those corn nuggets they had on the menu would be perfect! The young lady who took my order was friendly. We talked about how they need to start tweeting since I have never heard of them other than they said they did Vegas Streats. I rely on social media to track many of the food trucks around town. Wait time was less than 5 minutes . The nuggets were in a paper tray and very hot from being just out of the fryer, but it didn't take that long to cool off . Golden brown, had nice crunch when I bit into it. Inside creamy and kernels of sweet corn.  Nothing spectacular, but I liked it! It was portable, it wasn't messy and didn't get all over the place so I was happy with my first order here.  Looking forward to trying out their other menu items if I can track them down next time!
5	Best burger I've had...first time eating buffalo.  Amazing
2	Friendly staff. I also love the advertising wrap on the truck itself- it really does remind you of a chuck wagon, with images of hanging cast iron pots and other cookware.  As for the food, I just can't say it's worth the price. I had the wings and fries combo for $8.00. The wings tasted exactly the way I'd make them, which is to say, buy some premade buffalo sauce and douse the cooked wings in it. The fries looked like crinkle cut frozen fare that was deep fried on the spot.  I'm not saying the food is bad; if you're hungry for lunch it'll do. I like the people running the Chuck Wagon so I hate to give anything less than 5 or 4 stars but I'm being honest. If I can make the same quality meal at home with little effort and much less money, why pay $8 for it?
1	i got the buffalo chicken wrap and wasnt impressed. totally something i could make at home. they are nothing special.
5	Super yummy!! Loved the buffalo burger. And the staff where all super nice.
5	We had The Chuck Wagon come to our home and cater a birthday party.  The service and food were amazing.  Kathy Smith, the owner, is a wonderful gal and along with her crew provided some of the best food anyone could have asked for.  From meeting with them for the party menu, set up and take down, the whole experience was flawless.  Everyone attending the party raved about the food and service.  Looking for a great experience with some of the best food, you need to give them a try.The menu we had at the event was Smoked BBQ Pulled Pork (So good and had a wonderful smokey flavor), she smoked this herself and pulled it the day of the party, Marinated Grilled Chicken, Mac & Cheese (Again this was a homemade treat that was creamy and delicious) Coleslaw and Potato Salad, Corn Nuggets (Don't miss these wonderful treats) Fries and Dinner Rolls.Don't be fooled by some of the other review's because I promise your going to love having them if you need an event catered.
