5	Michelle colored my hair - partial highlight.  I love it!  I'm so happy with my how my blond highlights turned out.  Michelle is new to Tempe, but not new to hair.  She has excellent promotional prices so help her out - stop by and give her a big AZ welcome.
5	Michelle is THE BEST! She is easy going and comforting, but always delivers above and beyond what I had even imagined. She has years of experience and has traveled all over the country to take classes in hair cutting and coloring. I don't trust my highlights to anyone else! (Literally! I'm booking a flight to Tempe in December) She's truly an artist who NEVER disappoints!
5	Michelle is an amazing stylist with an enlightened spirit and an awesome sense of style. You will love her!!! Her cuts and colors are flawless. Run, don't walk, to this girl!
5	Being a traveling consultant, I've had my hair done by many different stylists in many different cities, from LA to New York to London to Tokyo. Based on this experience, I can wholeheartedly say that Michelle's skills are amongst very the best. Sad to say but I have an odd shaped head (think little green men), so finding stylists who can craft haircuts to complement the shape has always been difficult. Michelle, however, was able to create an amazing cut in our very first session! And it got even better in the subsequent sessions! Bottom line, if you are looking for a GREAT hair cut and a pleasant conversation, do yourself a favor and book an appointment with Michelle. I wish I still could but I don't live in Arizona :(
5	I have known Michelle for many years, throughout her entire career as a hairdresser.  She is skillful, knowledgeable, creative, and passionate.  She is full of ideas and suggestions to help create your inner dream hair.  She cares about making you feel your best! Her services don't stop at cut & color- she will always offer advice on styling, products, and upkeep so you are able to achieve a salon styled look at home. Michelle is a kind and generous soul, and a wonderful stylist.  You won't regret sitting in her chair!
5	I went to michelle for the first time today.  I did a lot of research before deciding to go to Michelle.  All of the reviews I read about her are true. She is very knowledgeable and educated about hair.  Not only does she do a fabulous job coloring hair (including balayage), she is also very easy to talk to, and she gives a great shampoo!  I could have fallen asleep in the chair while she was washing my hair.  I would highly recommend Michelle!
5	As a business owner of  multiple business  in the custom service industry, i am always looking out at people customer service and  ability to work with client.. Michelle was awesome... friendly, personable, listened to what I wanted but also gave me her opinion..I  would  and will recomend her to everyone.. and luckily she is  close to one of my business, so Ican see her  on a regualar basis for clean ups and cuts.. and dont forget to get the SCALP MASSAGE.... to die for!!
