4	GASP! SPLUTTER! They have a Teuscher Chocolates here. They had one in San Francisco where I'd purchase gifts from at Christmas. They make wonderful chocolates which are beautiful to look at as well as very tasty.Great selection of both sugared and sugar free chocolates from white to milk to dark.Had to take one star off for the lackluster customer service at this location though.
2	Was at the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile excited to find that Teuscher's store was still there,haven't been there since it was Aladdin.Purchased about $150.00 worth of chocolates on Monday June 23, 2008 about 8:10pm or so and was turned off by their employee.She had no personality and had a little attitude when I was still deciding of what to purchase, don't know if she was having a bad day or what?  The  store was not crowded there were no other customers besides myself then my husband came in to look.I had enquired about an ice pack since I remembered in the past the people who had worked there before were VERY KIND and had given me an ice pack for the chocolates so that they do not melt.She said that there were none and that they did not give out any ice packs at this store.  I mentioned to her that in the past I had gotten some .She just rolled her eyes.My husband was there with me and notice her attitude but he was nice enough to give a tip in the tip jar and she never thanked us for our purchase or the tip that he gave her.  I felt like going back in and taking the tip back!I find it always fun to go into a candy store but to have to deal with attitudes from the employee makes me feel like I was chewing on some sand.  Who needs to waste time dealing with attitudes,  I think I'll shop online from another Teuscher store if I want to purchase their candies.
2	I don't know what happened. Maybe I picked the wrong chocolate. After reading people's reviews, I feel like 5 stars is way too high.  I only bought several and none of them are top notch.  So, I was kind a dissapointed with the chocolate.  The lady who was helping me was nice, but I won't come back for the chocolate.  Godiva is just around the other corner.  Not good. :(
2	2.5 stars.For 6 chocolate bites, I paid about $15, which I feel I overpaid for chocolates that are just ok tasting. Many of the chocolates I picked out have this wierd, yet subtle sugary, grainy taste on the outside. If you were to try any of their chocolates, I would go for any of the truffles. Those actually taste a lot better than other chocolates, but I would probably head to Godiva next time.And yes, the lady behind the counter wasn't that nice to us either, but it's probably because she has to deal with drunkies all day long. That or having no customers at all. I would probably hate that job too. But after we were in there for about 10 minutes talking to her, she warmed up to us a tad.
4	Soooo good. Try the champagne truffles!
