2	The food is awesome but expensive and the service is impersonal and slow. Used to be one of the great sushi places in Montreal but I avoid it now.
4	I've been here twice, on two separate trips to Montreal and have enjoyed eating here both times. The rolls are creative mixtures and the presentation is lovely. The waiter was fabulous. He answered my questions, took note of my avocado allergy, made perfect recommendations  and basically attended us with care. The hostess on our second trip seemed too young to be up that late, and  a little bit slow on the uptake, but we only had 60 seconds worth of contact with her. The circular room is small but interesting. When it is filled, it does seem to be bustling and busy, but I don't find that to be a drawback. The prices are possibly a bit spendy. but overall I believe the food and the experience are worth it.
3	Coming from Toronto, the land of cheap all you can eat sushi and $10 bento boxes, I'm still getting used to Montreal sushi prices. Having said that, I still found Kaizen Sushi on the expensive end of the spectrum. Rolls ranged in price from about $6 to $20 if I remember correctly, BUT you only get 4 pieces per roll! While all of the rolls we tried were really good, I'm not sure that I would return, just based on the prices. I will say that the stand out rolls in my mind were the kobe beef roll and the soft shell crab roll. The kobe beef gyozas were also quite tasty and a good size. Service was pretty attentive, although it did take us a while to finally get our bill. I figured they would just bring it us when we said we didn't want to see the dessert menu, but I'm also figuring out that that's how restaurants roll in Montreal. It's not bad, I like that I don't feel rushed to leave, but also means you have to allot a good amount of time for meals. We had reservations, and the place seemed pretty full (mind you, it was a Friday night), so probably best to make reservations.My search for a Montreal sushi joint that can satisfy my cravings for cheap, good, plentiful sushi continues!
3	Good sushi but on the expensive side so be prepared.  And don't leave without trying at least one new fish they get imported weekly.  We tried sockeye salmon and it was just divine.  If u plan on parking in the lot- it's free if u spend 30 dollars in the mall or its 5.25- not too bad if ur used to NYC.The maki mango tolls were delish too.  Good place.
3	The food gets 4 to 5 stars. And they have delivery! But very weird how they demand cash payments for phone orders (hmmm...I wonder why) and they add a 10% charge for delivery or pick up. I would pick up more often if not for the strange policies- I downgraded the rating for that reason.
4	Was here for my 40th birthday with my husband and a bunch of friends. It was a beautiful, Friday summer night, and the place was rather on the empty side. When you walk into the restaurant, you can't help but notice the beautiful decor. However, the bathrooms are located in what seems to be a seedy bar/backroom--which is part of the restaurant...kind of odd. We ordered a few different appetizers, including sushi pizza--which was AWESOME!! For our main courses, we ordered a variety of sushi rolls--60 pieces.Everything was perfection!!! The drinks were good, but I've had better, my Mojito that was rather weak on the alcohol. As far as dessert, my husband ordered a special Happy Birthday fruit and chocolate mouse dessert for me, which was delicious!! The overall "food" experience was excellent, but the service left much to be desired, which was disappointing after all I've heard about this place!  Don't get me wrong, this is probably the BEST sushi place in Montreal, but bad service also leaves a bad taste in your mouth, especially at these prices!
4	I will start with my only complaint: the service at Kaizen is very slow. Plan to spent awhile sitting at your table waiting for food.That said, the food is excellent. I have always greatly enjoyed the sushi I had there. I decided that my college graduation gift to myself would be a dinner of Kobe beef - Kaizen was the only restaurant we could find with it on the menu (we didn't complain, we already were a fan of the restaurant). It was excellent. The dessert menu isn't too exciting.
2	Way over priced. I guess we're just spoiled by NY sushi. We have the best. Kaizen charges triple for what they call sushi. $10 beer? Ambiance is very nice though, if you want to pay just for that.
4	Kaizen is a little more upscale Sushi place. It's more of a place to take your business client to lunch. The prices are high, but it's sushi is actually pretty good. The Tempura Sushi is great, and they Kobe Teriyaki is very tender.
3	I know I know I'm from Vancity and I am a sushi snob. I am not going to deny my "birthright". So on with the review, Was the sushi good? Yes it was. Was it amazing and worth every penny? sigh. maybe in MTL but the fact is, it's really pricey for what it is.  For example, 12 freakin' dollars for Negitoro maki? Hells no, and I've never in my life had to think twice about ordering it. Dynamite roll for $8.95? eesh. you get the picture. I know what you're thinking? YVR Sushi snob should stop comparing prices across the country to the land of sushi plenty. It's true I will admit that, but there are also other decent-ish places that are much cheaper.So my final say? If you want to change things up in the world of sushi and money is no object, check it out, Kaizen is good, just not $12 a roll good. if you want to refrain from going there at least 8 times in a year, maybe you can pick up a plane ticket and check out sushi on the West coast.*Please note that it is not my fault that I was spoiled rotten for a long long time with great seafood choices in Vancouver, and amazing sushi restaurants for lower prices. My reviews though will be biased in terms of cost, and sometimes taste when it comes to Japanese food.
2	I used to love this place, I don't know what happened... The quality of the sushi dropped tremendously. The sushi was bland, and the soya sauce seemed watered down. The only thing that I enjoyed was the Garden Salad. I am very disappointed.
1	Totally overpriced. But the food used to be good, so we didn't care. I don't know what happened, but the food is like a "all you can eat" sushi restaurant. The sushi pizza bottom was so thick with rice and tasted so bad that we sent it back.  But they charges us the $20 for it.  We used to go 5-6 times a year, but we won't go back.  Bad food, bad attitude and decor is outdated.
5	My boyfriend and I had a lovely evening at Kaizen last week. I hadn't been in a while and enjoyed it immensely. Happy to find my favorite picks still on the menu and we got the opportunity to taste some delicious new additions. The sushi pizza is so tasy and I got my fix of delicious sashimi.  Is there a new chef behind those curtains?Wonderful experience and will be heading back again soon. Thanks for the service, most charming and friendliest bartenders in town. Merci :)
2	The Verdict : Banal and pricey!Why this restaurantI was always suspicion and not enthusiast about Kaizen. We decided to give it a try on a Sunday night because the japanese bistro/sushi we chose was closed.:-s  The First ImpressionNot a good! When a restaurant greets you with a bad taste advertising (girl holding a katana with sushi on it!!), it is always a bad sign.:-)   The ServicePeople were friendly. Service was quick and pleasant. Nothing to complaint. Perhaps it explains my 2 stars.:-/   The DecorIt is not very Japanese! If one takes off the Japanese paintings and the big buddha it resembles any French or Italian or ... restaurant. Decor is very subjective so I won't further comment but it wasn't to my taste.:-(   The FoodOh boy! There was no wow factor, no discovery... just ordinary... no more no less. I had fresher fish elsewhere in Montreal. Please don't take the grilled squid, not worth it. The tempuras (veggies) lacked the crunchiness it is supposed to have. Sushis were OK. Perhaps we were hungry. The Spider maki (soft shell crab) was not good... I think I don't need to go on!:-S  The AmbianceNothing to say here: just a regular restaurant. However it has live jazz on certain night. Jazz? Really? In a sushi restaurant? I like jazz but this goes with my comment on the decor.$$   PriceThe bill doesn't reflect the quality of the food! At 100$ for two without wine (including service and tax) it is not worth it. I can have the same OK food elsewhere for half the price.Perhaps my overall harsh critics comes from the fact that the sushis are pretty ordinary but overpriced! I have eaten at many sushi restaurants and Kaizen is pretty much at the bottom of the list because of this. You deserve more for your money!PV.
1	NOT GOOD. There, I started my review with my actual feelings about this place. I went with three friends this past week. I guess we based our decision on nostalgia. Kaizen USED TO be amazing.Now, it's just bad. Our food was bland, it tasted liked nothing. We ordered different things so we can actually vouch for the blandness of the food. The service was okay but leaning toward "meh" and the prices were outrageous. As a foodie restaurant goer, a resto needs to achieve the trifecta for it to be 5 stars. Trifecta: good service, amazing food, well priced. Now some places can get 2 of these three right. But this place could not justify its insane prices for the bad bland food they had the guts to serve us and the overall "meh" service they provided. I should have asked for a refund or something.  I don't like giving bad reviews but I really feel like I need to warn people. Please spend your money elsewhere.
5	I've always enjoyed Kaizen!! I believe they have a new kitchen chef as we were offered a few new suggestions by our waiter.  It was absolutely delicious! My favorite was this exquisite crab salad, perfect appetiser for summer and to wet your palate for the melt in your mouth sashimi that we really enjoyed.Yes, it's a little pricey but I've always felt the quality was worth the price. Highly recommended.
4	I must admit that I never had much of a love for sushi nor do I know much about it.  I love fish, don't get me wrong.  I mean, I would wrestle a portuguese fisherman for some fresh cod. But Kaizen has made me a believer.  We sat at the bar in the back.  The bar in my opinion is the best place to sit.  It allows you to watch the restaurant and make some interesting convo with fellow patrons... and you get your drink order way faster.The rock shrimp tempura was awesome. The steamed beef gyoza, delicious and THEN the grilled squid.  My knees buckled (and trust me I'm not a knee buckling kind of girl).  It was a great time.  Good food, great company.Fuggedaboutit!
4	The food is great but the service can be poor and it is quite pricy.
4	Easily in the top 3 sushi joints in town, by any standard, especially for delivery!
1	Having just moved to the area of westmount i was excited to find the local great places to eat.  Kaizen was recomended. My husband and i- plus another couple went for dinner.  We went ALL out- ordering drinks, bottle pf champagne, oysters and sushi.   The food was alright- nothing very special.The next morning my husband and i were SO sick we had to call in to miss work.  When i finally got around to calling Kaizen the manager insisted she had to ask the chef what was served to me before she could give me a answer. As if my saying i was sick was not enough  I said i would like a refund for my food, and not even the drinks.  Just the food which made us sick . She said she would call me back.  I NEVER heard from them. I have since left multiple voice mails and even emailed the owner personally twice with ZERO response.  I live a block away and i will NEVER go there again.  How dare they treat a good customer like this?! Beware and stay away
2	Just ordered from Kaizen and I waited 2 hours for delivery!!!! I was too lazy to walk six blocks on a cold and snowy evening yet craving for good sushi. I ordered the soft shell crab maki and a mix plate of sashimi. The selection was nice, however, $50 dollars for 5 pieces of maki and sashimi was not worth it. Kaizen is over priced and definitely overrated, there are many other sushi places in Montreal that are truly authentic and serve really fresh fish. I can't understand why it would take 2 hrs to deliver food considering the food is raw and I live six blocks away! I remember when Kaizen was THE place for sushi in Montreal but never again for awful service and below par food.
3	Update- A little late yet important to note. Later that evening Thomas from Kaizen called to apologize about the situation. It was nice to know that the restaurant cares about customer satisfaction and hold themselves accountable for the mishap. I was pleased by the way he rectfied the situation. I will give Kaizen another chance in the future.
2	This place, albeit being nicely decorated and set up, is a disappointment every time. The sushi is NOT good at all..After one experience having sushi here, I've tried the lunch box instead which is acceptable, but nothing amazing. Not really sure what else to say other than it seems to be a snobby place with food that is mediocre..at best. Bleh.
3	Expensive and the service is hit or miss yet the food is good.
1	I have a voucher for 2 which I tried to use but can't because I need to give my voucher number while reserving by phone. There is a problem with their phone reservations because there is no one there to man the phones. I tried several times calling with no success. I've also emailed them with no response.This is not a knock on their food but on their customer service which sucks.
1	Place was closed although Yelp showed it is supposed to be open. We are here in Quebec from California and it is quite frustrating to navigate your way on a hungry stomach simply to pay for metered parking and find the Restraunt closed.
