3	This is the only bar I have ever been ID'd in at 4 in the afternoon for a glass of coke. No joke, the girl insisted I show her my ID. Aside from deciding Coca Cola is not for under 18s, this bar is pretty average. Quite a large, spacious bar so you can sit in peace or have a chat with your mate without having to shout. Ideally located two minutes away from Haymarket station so if you are waiting on a train or airport bus, step in here away from the cold and enjoy a drink or two.
4	I've found myself having a swift couple in here on a number of occasions, despite it not really being near any other nightlife, and the fact I've never lived anywhere nearby. I'm not sure the reason behind it's seemingly magnetic appeal, it's just a regular locals pub. Reasonable prices, busy for sports, with the usual pub grub and middle aged decor.It almost, but not quite, loses a star due to the regular presence of rugby fans. This shower are the main reason I've never chose to permanently locate in Edinburgh, and their presence in The Haymarket is the reason why (on certain days), I'd choose not to locate in this pub.
2	This is basically just your average, fairly big, no frills, no nonsense pub, which is a perfectly respectable formula, but just not one I really warmed to on the occasion I visited the Haymarket Bar for a drink before my friend went off to get a train at Haymarket Station.Another warmth related angle to this review was that the white wine I got was a bit tepid in temperature, not the best start for me, as I'm quite fussy about white wine, and like it really chilled. To be fair, the bar staff were perfectly helpful and nice, so would probably have happily replaced my vino with a colder version, but my friend was in a bit of a rush, so I felt I probably didn't have time to queue up at the bar to get another glass. Great if you want a quick stop off drink in a traditional bar before you go and get a train somewhere, or if you're keen to watch some form of sports, maybe not so great if you're looking for up to the minute style and ultra trendiness.
2	I seem to have suffered a very similar tainting experience to Amy.I've visited the Haymarket bar a couple of times but my last experience was unfortunately the most memorable.At its heart Haymarket bar is a large, standard pub, neither particularly traditional nor anything new. I've never found it as busy as I thought it should be given its location opposite Haymarket station. All in all the drink prices are average the pub food is standard to substandard. nothing bad in itself there though.My poor experience of this place came when a group from my martial arts school visited after celebrating Chinese New Year at the nearby Chop Chop. It was the middle of the evening, the place wasn't exactly sprawling, and you would have thought they would welcome the custom. But as soon as we entered we got dirty looks. The staff seemed bored and looked like they wanted to go home. Perhaps we upset their quiet evening. Well as soon as we had ordered drinks (that is AFTER we had ordered drinks), they started asking us for ID. At this point I was only drinking a orange juice, yet for some reason they began by singling me out. After saying I would leave, I presumed they would let me finish my drink. Apparently not. In the end, after more of us were asked to leave, we all decided it wasn't worth it. Poor show Haymarket.
4	cheap food and drinks!When I stayed in Edimgburgh, this was my go to watering hole. Wifi, food under 5 pounds, drink specials, and a bunch of beer on draft. Good place to watch football, and it's across from a hostel; easy to walk back when you had a bit too much.
3	I was really pleasantly surprised by the Haymarket Bar. I admit, I had judged this book by its cover (and location) and expected it to be a slightly sticky, stale boozer with unwelcoming locals and warm drinks.After a lovely yelper dinner out at First Coast along Dalry Road, a few of us were in need of a wee drink. It was cold out, and we needed to warm up. So upon walking into the Haymarket Bar I was actually audibly impressed by just how clean, well-presented, nicely decorated and welcoming it was.Joe A tells me it's been done up recently, and before that it *was* of the sticky, stale ilk. But all the furnishings looked new but still in the traditional style of dark wood, tartan furnishings etc. It is really, really big inside with plenty tables. The toilets are miles away too, and upon going up to them I felt like I was in a nice hotel, not a bar!The bar staff were friendly, especially when I couldn't make up my mind and asked him to list the many types of gin only to decide on a vodka. They had unusual ciders, Kerrin seemed happy with the beer he got on top. Only one type of bourbon but many gins. No slimline tonic though.They also serve food, so I guess it could be considered a "gastro-pub" although not quite. Bar snacks included cumberland sausage which amused me (as a snack?!)I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, at all. It does what it says on the tin. It's a pub. But if I'm in the area and need somewhere to keep warm or get a wee drinkie, I wouldn't hesitate to come here. It's a slightly patchy area for both restaurants and bars, and I did assume most would be less than appealing but the Haymarket Bar proved me wrong.
4	Following its refurbishment (twelve months or so ago) this has gained eight real ale taps, albeit at the expense of the bar no longer being a circular one & the toilets being migrated to the upstairs and accessible without the need to enter the bar.Consequently it's become another Nicholson's pub in which it's possible to pleasantly enjoy a wide range of beers in comfortable surroundings at prices that don't as yet bring tears to your eyes.
2	I havent been in here for many years and it feels like the place has changed massively. The selction of ales is impressive and their main line spirts/beers are interesting enough, but thats where it ends. I remember the bar being quite different and a bit old worldy in design. Example being I am sure they used to have book shelves with old books and now they have wall paper with books on instead. It kind of felt like being in an airport bar when everyones flight is delayed. The menu looked like standard pub fair and looked really nice when it was being served up. I am not going to use the phrase gastro pub as everywhere seems to be a gastro pub these day and the bar has been raised on that. The place was busy but the staff seemed bored and a little disinterested with proceedings. Dont think I would refuse to go there, but I wouldnt be rushing back considering the number of great places around.
3	The Haymarket is one of those pubs; the pubs that nobody ever says "YEAH! LET'S GO THERE!" - you just end up there, or you happen upon it. Usually if it's raining, to be honest.A bit of a shame, it's very welcoming inside, with bright, well spaced out tables and homely decorations - fake bookcases, anybody? - making it very comfortable.I've never eaten the food here, but then, that's because I never plan to be here. The menu looks pretty varied and nicely put together, and being a Nicholson's pub, it should be fairly decent.Being a Nicholson's pub has it's advantages on the beer front. Quite a varied range of the real ale, as well as the Nicholson standards.The downside of all that is that it's a little bit samey. I was in a Nicholson's pub in London last year, and I'd swear it was exactly the same as this one, right down to the toilets being upstairs!It's a very definite three star review. It'll not let you down, but it'll not inspire you much either.
