1	Hmmm what can I say... I looked at the website and it seemed super nice. I wasn't expecting a 5 star place, but this was horrid. I went to wash 1 comforter and was sooo glad I didn't have to go back! The place is in a shopping center, a little hard to spot. It is big, but the inside was filthy. After getting detergant on my hands I walked into the bathroom and almost puked in my mouth! It smelled TERRIBLE. I won't tell you of what but it rhymes with tree. I sat down and seen a cockroach run across the floor, I kinda brushed it off... then I see 4! They were like a small family! Any-who, the dryer took forever and I just wanted to leave. I will def not return here, I felt like I needed to shower in bleach after.
3	Alas, I broke our washing machine at home by putting two blankets in it so I had to resort to going to a laundomat. This place is conveniently located in Chinatown so the hubby and I grabbed some boba tea and snacks before our sudsy date on a Saturday night.As soon as we walked in, the worker greeted us and asked if we needed help. He explained the difference between the different washing machines and was very friendly. The place is clean and the worker was wiping down any spilled detergent on the machines. There is a seating area but the tables are way too far and too high. Arcade games are available in the back but I'm not sure if there's free wifi. Dry cleaning and alteration service are also available. Based on the other review on this place, I was scared to use the restroom but I really had to go. To my surprise it was clean although it lacked seat covers and paper towels. Overall this was as decent as laundromats  get. I'd come back.
4	Laundromats.  One shouldn't expect big screen tv's, plush leather seating and bottle service even if it is located in Las Vegas, but Wash Tub Laundromat fits the bill when you are from out of town and your clothing needs to be cleaned.Greeted by a friendly gent who managed the front counter, he provided an overview of the facility, which includes washers of multiple load sizes, as well as a review of the dryer costs and dry times.  Having an attendant provides some additional sense of "security" while other patrons are mouthing off about starting a fight with other family members.Video games, candy and soda machines help whittle the time away.
4	I haven't gone to a laundromat in 15 years, but we have a big, white, down alternative comforter that I just can't fit in my washer at home...so, I came to this laundromat as it is the closest to my home.  It's not spectacular...just a normal laundromat as far as cleanliness and entertainment go, but my comforter came out of the washer looking absolutely sparkly white and brand new! The wash and dry cycles are pretty short and, above all, the service was outstanding!!!  They were very watchful for any way they could be of assistance and did not hesitate to lend a hand, whether it was to show me which washer to use, how to operate it properly, or just to hold one end of my sparkly clean comforter so it wouldn't drag on the floor.  I would recommend for them to put a TV in there and maybe a few magazines for other customers, but I will definitely come back for any of my future laundry needs.
4	I've done my laundry at least 2 or 3 times now at Wash Tub and have had no problems.  Plenty of machines, an attendant that will break bills, and a coin dispenser.  However, there's no wifi here which seems utterly ridiculous in this day.  And not much to do in this parking lot while you're waiting, though there IS a video poker bar or two.
5	the lady who watch the shop was super nice and friendly to me when i ran out of detergent.
1	The owner runs this joint with an iron fist and if you cross paths with him you'll feel like you in a North Korean labor camp :) It is fun to watch him on small dosesThe place is nice and clean and above all you feel safe inside ..Wifi is pretty solid alsoupdate, I've been here on few other occasions to wash my bed stuff and homeless are always around some wash in the bathroom and while the owner chases them away its not safe .. i will find a better one for the future
4	This laundromat is a good price and has flat screen TVs, video games and a theater in the back. Regular prices. nice washing machines and dryers dried all my clothes for $0.75. Good atmosphere. will be going back. would recommend to friends and family
5	I had previously rated this laundromat a 4* based on a positive experience doing my laundry myself.  But this past week, I was in a rush and dropped off my coworker and my laundry for fluff-n-fold.  At first they asked if the next day was ok, but I told them I wanted to come at the end of the day to pick it up.  They close at 9pm, but they said "Ok, come by anytime after 6pm."  I told them not to rush.I showed up around 8pm and was a little worried they might forget to keep our clothes separate.  They didn't, and they had both of our clothes waiting nicely folded in separate bags.  This was absolutely the best fluff-n-fold experience I have ever had.  Not only were all of my clothes folded with precision and care, my button up shirts were all hung up on hangers and wrapped in plastic.  They weren't pressed or ironed, but not having them folded saved me the huge aggravation of trying to iron out the huge wrinkles.  Never seen anyone do that with fluff-n-fold.On top of that, the prices were great.  My big bag was $10 and my coworker's was $7.  So I'm just guessing it was $1/lb?  I will be doing my laundry again next week and won't be in a time crunch, but will likely do fluff-n-fold anyway because it was THAT good.
4	My washer broke last night. I came in on a Sunday which was a little busier than normal but time flew and they have plenty of entertainment for the kids- video arcade games, a flat screen tv, and a theater room (who has that in a laundromat?!?) staff was friendly and I was in and out in no time. They also have a bathroom (you won't believe how many places don't) a change dispenser for quarters and a detergent machine for those that ran out or forgot to bring some. Big lots is in the same shopping complex though.The only downfall is that the facility is a bit small. I would DEFINITELY come back if my washer broke again even though I live about 15mins away. TOTALY worth it for all the amenities!
4	We were staying at Rio and I took my laundry here. It was about 7 pounds and I paid $7 for the fluff and fold service. I brought my laundry there at about 11am and got it back washed dried  and folded at 5 am same day as promised.I would have given this place a 5 star except when I called to check if my laundry is done, I was told that I have to come in and check for myself.
