2	This restaurant has replaced the Wolfgang Puck Bistro that recently closed.I'm being gracious here with 2 stars. The first time I went last week, the service was extremely slow. He swiped my credit card and finally handed me my receipt 20 minutes later. It took him 15 minutes to come to me and apologize, but even then, he didn't tell me what was going on. He kept walking back and forth and talking on the phone with someone, because the computer was not cooperating. The interior of the place is nice though, with flat-screen TVs on the sports channel and nice bar to sit at. The other workers there seemed to be having a good time as well. The food was bleh. I had the Baked Feta and Marinara starter, which was basically garlic bread with a huge bowl of marinara sauce mixed with feta cheese. Also, they gave me the wrong order. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap, and when I got home, I opened up a chicken bacon ranch wrap. Oh well!! Thumbs down to this place. If I go back, it will be just to see if their pizza is any better.
5	Brusco's does a great job of delivering very solid pizzas with a nice selection of Italian dishes.  I've eaten here three times and never been disappointed in either the food or service. Last time, I took a Brooklyn native with me who said it was a damn good pizza and especially liked the crust. The service staff has always been very friendly and quick. It should be noted the place opened up in June, so a previous post complaining about the service should have taken into account the staff was still in a learning stage. That being said, I've never had an issue with the service.
4	Finally a place in Charlotte to get real pizza. Crust is hand tossed and the sauce is real pizza sauce not just bland tomato sauce.  I have always had good service and the quality has been great. This is not Dominos pizza.
1	I gave these guys the benefit of 3 tries - but they struck out. First time I got a calzone that was cold inside - so they had to go stick it back in the oven (and that was after waiting a good while for it the first time round). Second time, the pizza was forgettable - and the service was slow. Third time, I walked in and sat at the bar to order - I was there for 10 minutes without anyone even looking my way - so I got up and left. It was like everyone was busy chatting with each other behind the counter. This joint won't be around long I predict - too bad because the location is pretty good and the Brusco's on the north side of Charlotte is pretty good in comparison. I wanted to like it - but 3 tries is my limit...
1	I would not recommend taking the time to find out if the food has improved.  Sad... the owner should read the reviews and figure out what is going on.The crust was limp and the sauce was scarce.  About the best thing that I can say about the pizza was that it was that I will not get acid reflux from eating it.There are much better places in the South Charlotte area.
5	I don't know why there are bad reviews here. We love, love this place. The bruschetta is the best I ever had. The baked ziti with a side of meatballs is my fave. Pizza is good too. I have yet to be disappointed and we have gone 10 times in the last 4 months.
4	Best pizza. New York. Style. Frequent this place. Got to have the garlic knots.
3	sorry that they closed . great pizza ...:-(
