4	=Jetta is a real person, not a childhood memory waiting to be parodied for comedic effect to lend humor to an otherwise worthless review. Don't worry though, we found one.=JETTAWhen my professor said we needed Japanese sumi-e brushes and ink for our class, I freaked out a little. SKELETORI would have incinerated the blasted fool! Just watch him try to charge me a lab fee and insist I bring in my own supplies!JETTAI had never even heard of this stuff, let alone know where to find it. Everyone suggested I get it online, but I couldn't risk showing up for class without them because of a shipping delay. SKELETORShipping!? Have your minions raid their warehouses! JETTASomebody suggested Arizona Art Supply, and I was really surprised to see their selection and reasonable prices. I found my brushes and ink, and even one of those crazy multi-colored pencils. The staff was very helpful, especially the manager. She might've been the owner. I don't know.SKELETORWho needs customer service when you've got a staff that shoots...I think it's magic? JETTASince I brought my class syllabus, I got a discount and a free portfolio, which they retrieved from back since they ran out of promotional ones. SKELETORI have a portfolio for all of my doodles. It was fashioned out of the hides of my enemies!JETTAWill you cut it out? I'm trying to do a testimonial.SKELETOR"Cut it out?" Who do you think you are? Dave Coulier? I'm fucking Skeletor, The Evil Lord of Destruction! You know what happened to the last person who told me to "cut it out"? I heat him to death with his own skull! JETTAIf you don't mind, I'm trying to do a real review for once.SKELETORYou? Real review? Ha! I'll believe that when I see Prince Adam and He-Man in the same room.JETTAHe-Man was a bitch. She-Ra was way better.SKELETORWhy are you visiting art supply stores, anyway? I always thought you were more of a "performing arts" type. JETTAMy advisor said it would be good to expand my horizons.SKELETORSee? This is why you'd make a horrible arch-villain! "My advisor told me this, my advisor told me that..." Screw your advisor! She's a pencil-pushing simpleton! Hang her from a cage over a bottomless abyss! Cast a curse upon her and her family! CHRIST! I don't need this. I fought the Masters of the Universe! JETTAHey, while you're here, just between us, can I ask you a question? Are you a lich?SKELETORA lich?JETTAYou know, the whole skull-head thing you got going on. I thought maybe you were a lich.SKELETORFool, I am an evil genius, not some Dungeons and Dragons monster. I'm outta here. I got lunch with Megatron at the titty bar.JETTARight. So. Arizona Art Supply. Good wares and 'mom and pop shop' customer service with discount prices. If you need art supplies, you should go there, and not just because, you know, it's "local". Although you should always shop locally, when you can. Places like Wal-Mart ruin local businesses, and bring nothing but misery and poverty wherever they go. Hey, where are you going? I'm not done. No, wait, I'm not--- BEWARE! THE SHOPOCALYPSE IS UPON US! BARGAIN BUYERS, REPENT!
5	This shop is great! The clerks always have been helpful and friendly, and seem to know what they are talking about. It's great to find an art store that people understand what I'm doing, even if it's weird, and can offer helpful tips. They are also very GBLTQ friendly.
2	this place could be SO much better. remember pearl?the selection for every medium here is tiny. the only selection that seems to be quite large is the drawers filled with letraset sheets. but i think i might be the only person still buying these.i will go here if i really need something with a quickness OR those rub on letters, otherwise i will just order anything i need from dickblick.com.
3	i have been going to AZ art supply for awhile now. never really put much thought into the store. the selections of supplies are good, they have rows for each type of supply you might need. i can usually walk in and find what i need and be on my way. i still get a student discount even if i'm no longer a student. who am i to complain about that right? i was buying supplies FOR a student, so i guess it really still counts. now why is this not a 5 star review? well i silkscreen, and the silkscreening supplies are dismal, not a whole lot to offer me, and the prices are allot higher then Dick Blick, which is usually where i will pick up supplies because it is more affordable. yes i know supporting your local business keeps the money local, i've read the flyer a few times, but sometimes i need to get the most for my money, especially in these trying times. but if i cannot wait to have something shipped to me, yup for sure i will head to AZ art supply instead of some craft whore like Michael's
5	Arizona Art Supply is a Phoenix institution--they've been around forever.  The service is great-they have spoiled me with their friendly, attentive staff.   BTW, their staff is comprised of artists (unlike Michaels, etc.) who know what they are talking about--and if they are not sure--they find out for you!        I went there this weekend--they are having a big moving sale-- they are moving down the road to a new store with classrooms-so that should be cool (although it is a mile farther for me, oh well).        In response to other posts-I shopped at Pearls, and I am glad they are not like that store.  I couldn't find anyone to help me, and, a real art supply store should not have enough dried flowers to choke a horse.  I've gone into Jerry's and couldn't get any help--the front cashier was too busy texting, and the floor person looked scared (or annoyed) that I might ask for help.  Also, they are not that pricey-I've called around to other stores on big ticket items, and I'll pay a few bucks more for better service, especially since they are locally owned.    It is the best art supply store in Phoenix, bar none.
4	I really like coming here, as it is also centrally located in Phoenix.  The selections truly caters to the art professional. They have canvases, paint, and supplies that one could ever imagine. They also have a decent supply of paper and the leftover bins is a real money saver.The staff is friendly and will guide you to your particular items. The good part is if you are a student, you get a small discount. The prices are acceptable as well as an acceptable return policy. I would put this on my short list of places to go to get deep selection of supplies, and be able to support local business.
5	great inventory of art suppliesincredibly helpful and friendly servicelove that all the staff i have met are artists!good supply of materials for all price ranges!best of all it is a local arizona business unlike Michaels
5	There are really no words to describe the vastness of the selection in this store. They have almost everything you could possibly need to create any type of art!The far drive, for me, is worth it because they have pretty good sales on supplies. The staff is all really cool and they are super knowledgeable.
1	Your typical overpriced art retail store staffed with minimum wage high school or college art students sporting ear gauges, pink hair, and facial piercings. What does that mean? Don't expect anything more than average customer service with ridiculously high prices.Check this out: I paid $4.69 for a product that I can buy for a $1.08 online. Literally. I only purchased because it was time sensitive and I needed it immediately. If you can wait a few extra days for shipping and have an Internet connection avoid this store I guarantee you can find much lower prices elsewhere.
5	For anything creatively related, you'll find it here.  The people are super duper nice too.
4	I walked int0 Arizona Art Supply and fell in love.  I moved downtown 2 years ago, and I've never quite gotten my craft room up and running.  But I had a particular project in mind, and stopped by the shop on a weekend for some spray adhesive.I struggled to find a place to lock up my bike.  They lose a star for this, as everyone does in my world.  Ended up locking to a sign in the middle of the parking lot.Once inside, I was dazzled by the available materials.  I hadn't been in an art store for a year.  To make matters even better, they were playing the soundtrack from Amelie, and the cashier was a handsome tattooed young man.I will regularly visit for inspiration and supplies.  This place is a treasure.
1	I have been shopping here for 25 years but no more - because of the incident there today. I bought what was labeled as tempera paint (and the label clearly states it washes off with soap and water) for a sidewalk/street painting project for a Festival and the product is clearly misrepresented.  I scrubbed for two hours with a push broom and soapy water to try to remove the so called tempera paint with absolutely no success with a couple of the colors - and partial success with a couple of others.  The Streets and Transportation Dept. finally had to come paint over it.  When I tried to take the paint back with my complaint I was basically told that oh, this is a high quality tempera paint that is made to last.  So why does the label say it washes off with soapy water?  They tried to imply it would not come off because of the unusual surface, but then went on to say it is meant to stick to anything and stay there because it is high quality tempera.  I asked what the difference was then between the tempera they are selling and acrylic paint and could get no good answer (oh, we can call the manufacturer and ask what is in it!).  I have always been a bit irked by their so called discounts for Artlink members, when in reality whenever you ask for a discount you are invariably told the item is already on sale, therefore not eligible for a discount.  From now on I will be taking my business to Jerry's Artarama, even though it is all the way over in Tempe.
5	The staff is very nice and knowledgeable and they always seem to have what I need.Love this place!
4	A great place for everything painting/drawing related. Some sculpting and silk screening as well. Unfortunately I was under the impression that this place was more like a Michael's, containing various craft supplies such as twine, ribbon, buttons, etc. for the projects I am working on. This is really a place for a serious artist, not someone who is just needing a few odds and ends like myself. I am still giving them 4 stars because for the audience they are actually targeting, they are great. A wonderful local art place- I will recommend it to my painter friends.
4	Really well organized and easy to find anything you may be looking for on the artist supply side.  We popped in for just a minute but we will for sure go back when we are in need of more canvases and paints. The staff was friendly and offered up help in guiding us to anything we may have been looking to find.  Overall: AA little bit of a drive from our house, but definitely has more to offer than Michael's or JoAnn's - and at better prices - in regards to art supplies!
4	I'd recommend this art supply store for professional fine artists and graphic artists, but NOT for occasional dabblers/hobbyists/crafters. The supplies they stock are high-quality, professional artist-grade materials, i.e. EXPENSIVE for the most part.If you are not absolutely sure of what you want and just want to try something out, DON'T come here because you might inadvertently spend a fortune. This is NOT the place to buy student-grade (lower-quality) art supplies.But if you are a serious artist, and have a good idea of what you need, you will likely find exactly what you are looking for. If you need advice on materials, the staff is very helpful. Once I brought in a tiny stub of charcoal that was the only one in my art kit that just felt right and made the most beautiful marks. This sweet young lady tested it for me and pronounced it a "6B" grade of charcoal and found some more for me. Now I'm happy because I have a whole stash of 6B charcoal sticks.Excellent selection of various graphite pencils and charcoals that are priced lower than the hobby/craft stores.This is the best art supply store in Phoenix, however if you are in the East Valley there are a couple of good stores also.10-20% Discounts for students, teachers and AZ Artist Guild members.TIP: Ask to see the kneaded eraser sculptures at the cash register.
5	My favorite store!Very pricey even with a student discountI've learned 2 pretend 2 be a AI student and get my Windsors there @ the AI student store along with prismas. AI student store is cheap on culinary kits as well & Aaron brothers has better quality brushes
5	I had a wonderful experience here. I was new to painting, and someone took the time to walk around with me and explain everything from paint brushes to canvases and everything in between.  He gave me an extra discount because I bought so much stuff.  It is super expensive, and he told me his prices were lower than other places, which wasn't true.  That is my only complaint. Upon further look, it is cheaper here than michaels without sales, but more expensive than Jerry's Artorama's in tempe.
4	I came here with my boyfriend while on a road trip! We stopped in Phoenix to visit his dad; and since we're both artists, we spray painted a mural on his dad's work trailer to advertise his business. We needed to find spray paint and ended up coming through here. The staff was super friendly!! Really! If I ever lived in Phoenix I could make a habit of coming to this place!
1	This store has the most absurdly terrible customer service that I've experienced in a long time. There are nasty signs all over the store (such as - don't touch the paper if your hands are grubby, and don't test our pens to make your masterpiece). At first I thought they were just being comical, but then as I was browsing a gentleman who I can only imagine is a shift manager stalked me around the store. He kept popping up every few minutes with a very unpleasant smile to "make sure I don't need help" in spite of me telling him repeatedly I am browsing, but thanks.  At the register he complimented my (VERY small) purse in a snide manner. I managed a retail store, so I'm well aware that this is the behavior you display when you think everyone who enters your store is trying to steal from you. Not sure why I would buy several small items totalling about $40.00 if I was stealing. I made certain when I took my wallet out to pay that I opened my purse on the counter for all to see. Hmm, no stashed brushes or ink in there. But the kicker was when an item rang up for a different price than it was labled. By a small amount, about a dollar. When I brought it up, we walked over to the display to confirm that it was marked incorrectly. His response? A customer moved those brushes, we can't be responsible for that, followed of course by a nasty smile. Are you kidding? When I protested, his response was, No that's ok. We won't be doing that (referring to honoring the price). I have had to tell customers no before. I wasn't mad about being told no, I was mad about the way it was done. This gentleman clearly thinks of his customers in a very adversarial way. It's really unfortunate that they are willing to lost customers over less than a dollar.That being said, this place has an AMAZING selection. I have a fine arts degree, and have been to a lot of art stores in my life, this one has one of the best selections I've seen. And it's less than a mile from my house! Too bad they clearly don't have any interest in treating their clients with respect.
5	My sister and I came for a demonstration class put on by Golden Paints and painter, Nancy Reyner.  We learned a tremendous amount And got a goody bag!  The employees of the store were nice, as well as helpful.  Their paper stock is beautiful and we both picked out selections that we will hang as posters.  This is a store where the clerks will make time to talk to you and help you expand what you already know.  Enjoy!
