1	this place is located in the corner of a stripmall on the edge of chinatown. i have driven by for years & seen their huge banner waving offering cheap teriyaki rice bowl specials.after a horrible experience at dq-i was up for some teriyaki chicken & rice.when you go in it a really small diner with 4 or 5 tables , a tv and the counter. the food is already made served buffet style in warmer pans on a steam table. they have 2,3 and 4 item meals & a la carte. the lady ahead of me ordered the last of the orange chicken-apparently they weren't planning on making any fresh after 5 pm.i ordered a 2 item-chicken teriyaki w/rice($4.99) & added a huge bbq rib for $2they chicken had no kind of any teriyaki flavor but it was very tender & moist. the rice was cooked perfectly but had nothing special to it. the rib was salty tough and was like it was cooked under a heatlamp for 24 hours.the lady running the place asked me 4 times here or to go!! i thought it was rice-to-go and since the tables were dirty, the tv was off and some guy was doing paperwork in the only good bother where exactly are you gonna-for here!!i would not waste your $5 here-the ribs look good & cheap under the lights but they really really suck-everything looked like it had been sitting since at least lunch. and i went at 5 pm
2	Nothing to run home to mom about. Stopped in the other day after driving by this place so many times. A fan of teriyaki bowls and after seeing the $3.49 special sign, I decided to stop in. I'm never one to shy away from hole in the wall food and thought the $4 was worth it. A bit dark when you walk in. There was a guy sitting at a table to the left. When I walked in he got up and went behind the counter and turned on the lights above the food. Looked like they had a decent lunch rush so they must be pretty popular in the area (only know this because the trays were pretty empty and the register had a lot of receipts still attached to it. So I though I may have just stumbled upon something good. Ordered the bowl and he went into the back to fill up the to-go bowl with white rice. He came back out to front trays and topped off my rice with a bunch of teriyaki chicken. Not a bad portion for $3.50. The meat was actually pretty tender and juicy but lacked much flavor. Definately needed more teriyaki sauce. The rice was fine, no complaints.Not a horrible spot, might give it another try and have a combo so I can try the other items they have. I wouldn't recommend going outside of prime hours as the food probably sits. I stopped in around 1:30pm. I only give 2 stars because nothing stood out about the meal or the place and the guy was grumpy and looked almost pissed off he had to get up to help me. I even left a dollar tip and it looked like it killed him when he mustered up a half-hearted "thank you".
3	Remember it is what it is. Very cheap prices and ok food for the price. Been there twice and it is what it is. If you want lots of food cheap give it a shot.
3	LARGE WAR WON TON SOUP TO GO PLEASE!jam packed with pork, beef, veggies, chicken and shrimp!this review is for the WAR WON TON SOUP only!don't waste your time trying anything else as is mediocre, but they have a bomb war won ton soup in my opinion!call in ahead otherwise you will be sitting and waiting a good 20 minutes while they make it. enjoy.
3	This is my regular post-haircut teriyaki stop.  Nothing too special and or amazing...standard fare that is in most teriyaki places,  but cut down to just the basic selections served in a choose-through the glass fashion.  Nothing really stands out its a pretty cookie cutter place... I would have given it two stars... But the $3.95 daily special Teriyaki cant be beat for a quick bite that doesn't bog u down.  Cheers!
4	Cheap cheap food!!It can get slow, but cheap and authentic!Ordered a big family size Shrimp Fried Rice, Beef Chow Fun, Hong Kong Style Noodle, and extra rice and side of broccoli for just $25! Ate them with my family of 5, got bloated with leftovers! Real good deal.
4	Here's the thing. This is cheap, delicious Chinese food and I have come here countless times. I enjoy all of their items and they are always friendly and remember me and my order when I come on in...The only reason they do not get a 5 star is, that they are VERY SLOW. Especially  with larger orders. We do not mind waiting at all, at times up to 30min... We always call ahead and show up 30min later, usually still with another 5min wait. I have countless times seen people get upset with the wait but if you have time, it is worth it.I will return and I already know I will wait but I don't mind... :)
3	I have never eaten inside this place and I probably never will... but call ahead and order your food and make sure they make it fresh... you will not be disappointed. Best deal in town or anywhere I've actual ever ordered from for shumai (large pork/shrimp balls wrapped and steamed commonly seen served at dim sum dining. The owner makes them himself fresh, and order from them... they sell 62 pieces for $30. thats a deal! We tend to order from here whenever we have to go to potlucks or we need to cater an event. Their cooking is fresh when you order from them, otherwise if you base it off the food they have displayed... it looks dried and old... but surprisingly when you get catering from them... they are hella generous, always give a little more, like free donuts. and when I order tray of lo mein from them... they don't just fill it to the rim... they fill past the rim and pile and pile the noodles in the tray and it's the foil that keeps from spilling out!!! they ain't stingy with servings here. They have awesome fried cream cheese wontons... and they're cheap!!! 12pieces for $6.95 you can't beat that price, coz you order from Rice N Noodle (not to bash on them) but you get 4 pieces for $5 something I think... just saying. Honestly I would give this place a 1 or 2 star just based on the place and display of the place... but they really are a "Rice To-Go" establishment... order your shit TO-GO or by the trays so your food is bomb bomb and fresh!! and you'll save money than ordering anywhere else. So rightfully I have to give 3 stars for awesome affordable cheap pricing, good food when you order, and for the best LARGE shumai in town!
5	This is place is great. Hands down the best price for almost everything they have to offer. Will definitely have catering done by them. As for the taste it's close to where I used to go out of Vegas and better than a lot others around Vegas. I only tend to get the large fried rice combo that feeds 3-4 people all for under $9.00! Recently tried the wanton soup and was equally impressed.
