4	I like that this place is conveniently close especially during football season and it's a winner since they have bagels and wraps. Their bagels are good, but I think I prefer Einstein's Sun Dried Tomato Cream Cheese. However,  I really do enjoy their wraps...there is plenty of protein and it leaves you full. They are only open till 6 or 7 depending on the day, but its definitely a good spot to grab a wrap, sandwich or a bagel.
5	I have been going to this breakfast place for over a year and totally forgot about this hidden gem. It is conveniently located down the street from our home. I love their bagel breakfast sandwiches! I always order the ham and egg with cheese on an onion bagel with runny yolk! They are made fresh and cooked to your liking! The lunch wraps are also very good, light and refreshing! Empire Bagels is clean with TV on so you can watch the news while eating breakfast.  They are open from 7am to 3pm and prices are pretty descent! I hope they don't ever close! If you live nearby and want to have some breakfast in your PJ's and flip flops, this is the place to be!
5	After waking up early from a long night of bar hopping and gambling, we needed a little something to soak up the festivities.Using my best friend Yelp we found this place. Being around the corner and having good reviews we embarked on a journey to sample these bagel delights. Walking in the locals noticed we were first timers. With a few suggestions they also mentioned that this place was only true New York style bagel shop around that made their own bagels fresh. That little tid-bit made us even more eager to try one. After ordering our meals I noticed they had smoothies and juices. I love fresh juices. I ordered one of their specialtie juices. Very refreshing. We all ordered breakfast bagels. The bagels were fresh and had that perfect chew to them. They were so good we took a dozen to go. This will now be our go to place for breakfast when we're in town.
5	awesome cool staff, fresh perfectly-chewy bagels. EVERYthing is good here. a must-visit for those morning after recoveries. great prices and a selection that can please anyone! so much love for empire!breakfast bagels or wraps - your choice, you can't lose!
4	It has been a while since I have last been here but I do remember enjoying my bagel breakfast.  It is certainly a different option then your typical Starbucks morning.  Show the bagel shop some LOVE!
1	I see other people have had great experiences here and I wish I could say the same. It has such potential being close to home and considering how much I love bagels. However, my roommate and I went here and the staff was cold at best. They weren't friendly or inviting. The store itself is dingy and not open consistently. They even took the hours off the door so you don't know when they're open and when they close. The bagel was stale and had mountains of cream cheese. I had to scrape some of it off. Also, there's a fee if you use your card and it's under a certain amount which I believe violates the agreement most companies have with Visa and MasterCard. The prices are entirely too expensive for what you're getting too. From my personal experience, I never want to go back. Other people seem to have had good ones though. Maybe try it for yourself and you be the judge. Be sure to write a review though. I'm curious what other people think.
2	The staff was very nice. No complaints there.The bagels however, not fresh. When I see the bagels covered in plastic I know they were not made that day. It was dry and had no taste at all. It was about 10:30 am, so they should have been fresh. I have to say the place seemed very dirty to me.  The floors and tables look like they do not get washed to often.
4	Yummy!  Minus one star because its a little pricey. But the food really is great.
3	I am honest a BLT bagel lover. This place isn't any different as another, but they do the bagels right. Prsonally I like having their BLT on an everything in the morning when I'm grabbing my chai at the Starbicks next door. Their bagels and schmear are good, too. I think it's a nice stop for a Sammie and some bagels toasted. It's not amazing, but it's nearby and the staff is friendly.
4	Tasty bagels served with a smile.  I 've gotten a breakfast sausage, egg, cheese sandwich as well as the regular bagel and cream cheese offerings.  I've always been pleased.  They aren't the best bagels you'll ver have by any means, but they are better than some other chains.I like the location, right next to starbuck's, so 1 person can grab the bagels while the other grabs the lattes.  Perfy!  Nice tables to dine al fresco as well.
5	The ultimate breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel with bacon is my go-to at empire! I honestly crave this breakfast sandwich! I just moved away from that area and really miss it! The bagel was perfectly chewy and always tastes delicious. It's fresh, and everything is made per your order, even the egg. The staff is quiet and it takes forever because it's fresh but it just gives you time to hop next door to grab Starbucks and it's worth the wait. I agree about this bagel being the perfect morning after recovery. Don't bother ordering their iced coffee, FYI, it tastes like 711's.
2	Meh. I gave up on finding a great bagel out here on the west coast. I came here twice, The first time, I really did not enjoy my food and this time, I just went bc the line at starbucks was super long and I needed my morning snack/ tea. The first time I had a plain bagel with egg salad. It was so gross. The egg  salad was green and it was just weird. The bagel wasn't that great. I would have given it a 1 star based on that experience.This time, I got the sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese and it was not terrible but it still just was not good. The bagel was pretty bland. And I asked for it toasted and it was warm but definitely not toasted!! The schmear tasted like plain cream cheese with like a few scallion pieces in it.I didn't like how they had like 20 boxes of tea but they did not have any plain black tea or a breakfast tea or just plain lipton. How do you not carry that?! Weird. Also the staff both times were not very welcoming. This morning, I was the only person in the place and they were rushing me!! They had like a bunch of cream cheese choices, I had to read them all before I picked one!! Jeeze!! lol.Anyways, it's edible and it's the only bagel place close to my work so I may end up here again but I can't say it's anything close to the best bagel I've had.
1	I had to update this review because my feelings have changed, I had originally given this place 5 stars because I love the sandwiches and te everything bagels here, but today I came in and prior to ordering I went to wash my hands in their restroom and there was not a drop of soap. My first thought was, obviously the employees aren't washing their hands after using the restrooms and returning back to work. Ugh my stomach turned. So I told the girl behind the counter there wasn't any soap in te bathroom, she shrugged her shoulders and then told another employee, in Spanish, "no soap in the bathrooms" neither of them seemed bothered. I left, and will never return. Good thing I have my hepatitis A vaccine. Like another yelper said, it's hard to find good bagels on the West coast but you have to make do with what you have and this and Brooklyn bagels are my favorite in town. My favorite bagel is an everything bagel and my pet peeve is when bagel places don't put the "everything" on both sides of the bagel and they do here! My favorite sandwich here is the uptown turkey, fresh sliced cucumbers, tomatoes, alfalfa sprout and scallion cream cheese spread, if you're watching carbs it tastes great on wheat bread but if not, of course an everything bagel then. Service here is, well not the greatest. I seem I get the same scowl faced girl who hates her job, but I'm not there to make friends.My only complaint, I wish they would open one in southern highlands! We need a bagel shop!!!
4	I love bagels. This place has a good salt bagel and good cream cheese. I enjoy this place most of the time. What I don't enjoy is the attitude of some of the women that work there.
5	Always come here for the good food and friendly staff.Get the Ultimate bagel sandwich with crispy bacon. Non nom nom nom
3	It is close and convenient to my office so I decided to try for breakfast one morning but I never expect much from bagel shops outside of NY/NJ. The 2 girls working the counter didn't seem very friendly but rather interested in their own conversations which lost them a star (I'm a big fan of customer service). I ordered a plain bagel which was decent. Fresh enough to still be good to eat 3 hours later for lunch. I also ordered a power wrap for breakfast and I wasn't a huge fan. All in all, I would return for a simple bagel and cream cheese but that's about it. OH, and they sell large containers of coconut water which I liked.
4	Boyfriend and I come here just about every sunday. We get our coffees from the starbucks next door and breakfast from empire bagels. They are pretty good only 2 things could be better1.. the last few times my breakfast bagel sandwhiches have been burnt 2.. I feel like the place could be a little nicer, I haven't really ever seen anything disgusting but it does look a little dusty around there.Over all I still love our sunday mornings spent here.
4	Good food, inexpensive. And it's a good thing they are located next to a Starbucks otherwise they would be out of business.
4	Amazing place to pick up a lunch sandwich... F*** subway
3	Great bagels but I got a dozen with two tubs of cream cheese and when I asked them to slice them, they said it would cost me an extra 2 bucks. Ridiculous!
4	Sooooo yummy!! I love to get my breakfast beagles from here. The lunch menu is great , you get soda and chips for free!! Always fast and alway consistent!
4	This is a quite a decent place. Nice local spot to grab some brunch! The New Yorker is a perfect size to satisfy your hungry stomachs!
4	It was pretty dang good, I didn't give it 5 stars because they were out of almost every bagel by 9:30 am... Little disappointed. But overall The Ultimate, with ham, double toasted, add cream cheese.... I'll be back
3	I'm not really a big bagel person but when I do come here I always get the lox. it tastes fine to me. no different than other places. the staff is pretty friendly. no real complaints about this place but nothing about it really stands out to me. I go here because it's close to where I live. would I recommend this to my friends? I'm not sure. depends how I feel that day I suppose. it is conveniently located next to Starbucks....
5	Awesome and delicious! Small but very good. Also, it seems like family operated and they are nice. I got the California club sandwich on everything bagel and everything is fresh and the bacon is crispy good.
4	I really like that this place uses real food for their breakfast sandwiches as opposed to that weird fake processed egg loaf thing they put in breakfast sandwiches at places like starbucks or einsteins. They actually crack a real egg and fry it. Friendly accommodating staff and good food.
1	Horrible service! If I could give zero stars I would. Went in on mother's day around 11:30a. They were nearly sold out of everything. The girl behind the counter was sitting down talking on the phone. I had to ask her if she could help me. She kept the phone between her shoulder and ear. I asked her if she was going to get off the phone to help me and she said no. Are you serious?! Then I asked if they were going to make any more bagels, she said no. I asked her what time they close and she said 3 o'clock. Why wouldn't you make more bagels when you're open for another 3 1/2 hrs, its Sunday (mother's day) and the parking lot is packed?! Mind you she's on the phone the whole time!I asked to speak to a manager and she said she wasn't there and the yelled something across the store in Spanish. A lady came from the back and I asked if she was the manager she said not really. I told her my complaint with the horrible customer service from the girl (who was still on the phone the whole time!) and that the deal with the bagels. She shrugged her shoulders and said nothing.I will never go back to this place and have told plenty of people about the horrendous customer service.Not a good way to run a business!
2	Quick look: Unlike any deli's in the Empire State, the "Empire Bagel's" versions were stale, bland and stored in what looked like plastic garbage bags. The sandwiches can best be described as mediocre at best. In depth review: Instead of waiting in line at the busy Starbucks next door we decided to get lunch at someplace new and Empire Bagels looked ideal. We are from NY and assumed that a business advertising the "Empire State" in it's name would have bagels that tasted like what we used to get back home, sadly we were wrong. Entire place was empty except for one table at 12pm (lunchtime) on a Monday. This should have tipped us off. The menu board looked messy as someone has tried to change prices w/ duct tape and paper. A few sandwiches and their ingredients were also changed or covered up. The sign above the drink cooler telling us to "smile that we are on camera and to be honest and pay for our beverages" was a nice welcoming touch. Was loud inside the shop as two large industrial fans are blasting overhead. They also nickel and dime you and charge you an additional 50 cents to use a credit or debit card. The sandwiches already cost about $8 - $10 on average, not exactly reasonable when you add in the extra fee. The sandwiches are made fresh and they took about 10 minutes before they were ready. So if you are pressed for time you nay want to call ahead. The Asiago Cheese Bagel that was on my California Club was stale and crunchy like a saltine cracker. The avocado slice on the sandwich was turning brown and starting to oxidize (see photo) - thought they were made "fresh?" Why serve a customer a brown avocado? The turkey was wet and dripped water from the bottom when I attempted to eat it. My wife also complained that her plain bagel was also stale and tasteless. She also had wet meat on her sandwich and dripped all over when trying to eat. The sandwiches were edible at best and they did give us good sized portions. Summary: We were a bit disappointed by our first visit here. Expected so much more for a place called "Empire Bagel's."  Most likely will not stop back if we are on this side of town again. We are still on the hunt for the perfect bagel in the Las Vegas valley that reminds us of the chewy and tasty bagels we grew up on back home...
2	I had a pastrami bagel and the meat was dry and unappetizing. I'm not incentivized to go back. My BF also had a bagel and hasn't suggested we go again even though we live right there...Eating area seemed clean and service was average.
3	Great size portions....had the Philly cheese steak....really good. Will definitely be back.
5	Some people complain about the prices but Subway is expensive and the sandwich looks like bread and lettuce and charges extra for fake avocado, I prefer EBD!
1	Bagels here are now $3.49 for a bagel with cream cheese. Uh sorry but it isn't that good! These bagels are pretty good but I'm not going to pay that much just for a bagel. I would rather stay home to eat one I bought from the store. One bagel is $1.19. How is adding cream cheese an extra $2.39? Wowza
4	I had an Asiago bagel with reduced fat cream cheese and it was delicious. People were friendly and prompt. I'll definitely come back.
3	This nice little place is a hole in the wall. Love the service and serves fresh food. It's inside cleanness is yet to be desired and the soda machine is "out of order"
4	So let me start off my saying I'm from New York City and bagels are kinda of my thing....With that said here is my review:Staff was very friendlyPrices are ok and fair.Bagels are good, fresh, a bit tough but that could be cause I was there at 9:45am and their daily stock was almost out or it was a bad batch, so I'll try again another day.Taste of the bagels was fine not disappointed and no different than the larger chain in the area, but not New York City bagels (the NYC water is the key to the taste when having a NYC bagel)Also had a sausage egg and cheese on a bagel and the portions were great...Overall I'd recommend this place to people to give it a try as I will do the same again vs waiting on insane lines at the other chain bagel shop cause it's a "fad" and place that dominates the market.The store appearance is simple and frankly I'm there for the bagels not the "wow this is a nice place factor"I find the best bagel / Deli places to eat are always the ones who focus on the food quality and portions vs spending their money on wowing customers with their appearance....Give it a try Yelper's support a local mom & pop shop!
5	My wife and I get bagels here almost every weekend for breakfast, nice cheap and delicious breakfast sandwiches that are reasonably priced. Recommend to anyone in the area. They do run out pretty fast, come early.
