5	Took a clock in to get fixed and knew nothing about it.  Very helpful and informative; 3 week turnaround.
5	I live in the neighborhood and so manage to stop in a couple times a year.  If you like antique clocks... This is the place to be!  Some of the grandfather and tall case clocks here are massive... And an endless assortment of table, shelf, wall and mantle clocks... All beautiful.  I have had repairs done on my antique grandfather clock and a couple other clocks by Kappel's and have been very pleased with the service.  I would highly recommend them to anyone needing clock repair... Wanting to purchase a clock... Or just wanting to take a step back in time(pun intended)and browse.  Try to get there on the hour when all the clocks strike their chimes... It's a delight!
1	If you like being treated poorly and as if you are incompetent, then this is the place for you! If I could give negative stars I would!My friend and I went in there to see if they could fix a pocket watch I had, and see if they had a part for her grandfather clock. Right away the owner seemed annoyed we were even in there, like we were bothering him and his employee, (They were just sitting in chairs talking).This was my first time in there so I didn't know they couldn't fix watches, but the owner still examined my pocket watch, and after telling me "You will spend $200-$300 fixing this $25.00 watch" hands it back to me says, "Well, that takes care of that", and sits back in his chair. Now, my friend shows them the part of her clock asking if they can fix the part or give her a new one, they say she has to bring in the actual clock, so they can see what they can do. They ask her what kind it is, but her answer that it is a grandfather clock is wrong because her clock hangs on the wall, and doesn't just sit there on it's own, so it can't possibly be a grandfather clock!. They acted like we were so stupid for not knowing anything about clocks! Sorry, that's why we had come to you, you are supposedly the "experts" on clocks! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone! Find a different shop to go to!!
1	Horrible service! The two guys working there are so rude. They acted like I was stupid because I didn't know anything about clocks! They spoke very condescendingly & seemed like they just wanted me to leave so they could go back to their conversation. I don't know about their quality of repair work, because I chose not to go back, obviously, but if it's anything like their customer service then it is awful.
