5	This is the only place in town to take your BMW for service. Alex is the man. He is honest, does the job super fast and only charges for the actual time he works on your car, not some book rate. I took my car to a place on 16th st in Phoenix, and they charged me 2 hours labor to tell me my ABS control unit needed to be replace at a cost of $1100 plus 3 hours labor. I didn't have the money at the time and had to wait until I save up to do the repair.A friend recommended Vaughan Motor Works so I took it to Alex. And in less than 15 minutes he found a broken wire was the cause. Saved me more than $1300!! A less than honest person could have just replaced the part and I wouldn't have been any the wiser.Take your Bimmer here!!!
5	I can't believe Vaughan Motor Works has not been reviewed on Yelp yet.  I've been taking my '05 525i to Alex since I moved to AZ in '11.  My good friend owns a high end mobile detailing service, and told me that most of his BMW clients take their cars to Alex at Vaughan Motor Works.  I couldn't be more pleased with the service, pricing and excellent customer service I receive by Alex and his team.  I've been a BMW owner for 16 years, and I know how difficult things can be when you don't have an ethical, trustworthy and highly experienced mechanic to take your car to.  Rest assured, Alex is a guy you can trust....
5	Alex is the only tech I take my bimmers to, he's worked on almost every car I've owned e30, e36, e39, e46, and whenever anything happens to my e53 he will be the one working on it. He is honest, fast and reliable, I've never left his shop without my car being fixed, he knows BMW's!! I would highly recommend Alex and his ability to work on BMW's.
5	I have an ongoing business relationship with Alex at Vaughan Motor Works. Personally I have to say he has been one of the nicest and well meaning clients I have ever had. As a BMW specialist and owner, Alex truly cares about you and your BMW. Combine that care with his technical mastery and you have a winning combination. Looking for an excellent service experience for your BMW? Demand and expect only the best? Get your BMW in to Vaughan Motor Works, I promise you won't regret it.
