5	Two Men And A Truck made my move as seamless as it could be.  I moved the day before Thanksgiving and they were available which was great.  They arrived on time, had great attitudes and also had extra tape and other materials if I needed anything.  They moved quickly yet carefully.  For an in town move, it was the easiest one I've done yet.  They are definitely worth the money!  Request Edwardo if you can!
2	I had a mixed experience with this company. I am currently 29 weeks pregnant.  We hired them to pack and move me out of a 3-bedroom rental into our new place. In part, I blame myself for contracting with the on nothing more than an email quoting an hourly rate for packing and the move. If they quote you an hourly rate, I _highly_ recommend getting them to commit to a maximum time-frame for your project and have them provide a price list for any packing materials to be used.The two men I had for the packing were courteous and relatively efficient. I was shocked, however, at what we ended up being charged for boxes and packing material. Especially, when asked, they could not provide us any sort of itemization for what was used. The next day for the move, we had one of the same people and a new person who seemed to be about 20 with very little experience moving. Again, they were courteous and very careful in the handling of our furniture. But they were the slowest movers I've ever used. It took just short of eight hours for them to move a three-bedroom house. There was a great deal of chatting between the two movers and hanging out in the truck. The "greener" of the two movers also frequently hovered around seeming uncertain of what needed to be done next.  I was literally standing over them in the 110 degree heat by the end of it trying to get them to finish. It then took them close to another hour to get hold of the main office and try to figure out the paperwork. We had planned to also use this company for my partner's move in two weeks but, based on our experience, we will be using another company.
5	I had a very positive experience.The office was quick to respond to my voice message request.  The office gave me a safe estimate and the movers worked inside that estimate by half.  The movers work very efficiently without scratching or damaging the furniture, floors, walls, or doorways.I recommend clear instructions on the scope and time frame of their work and fair expectations on the budget you are willing to work with.The reason why I give this company an A+ is because the two men who I actually worked with remained perfectly calm, professional, and efficient even while a new neighbor of mine was being rude to them.  It's terrible that my new neighbor could be so rude to guys while they are obviously working very hard.Anyway... I cannot thank my movers enough for their help.
1	Worst customer service ever. First of all, I have used this company in the past and was absolutely thrilled when I used them before...but it was a different franchise...one that didn't have Delores as their GM.Let me set the stage. My husband and I just bought our first house and couldn't wait to finally move and be settled in. We called to make an appointment for 11 am about a month in advance. The day of the move, they show up at 7:30 am. We weren't expecting them so early and asked if they could come back later. The movers said that it wouldn't be a problem and that they would be back at noon.We called the branch just to make sure that everything was still set up for noon and that's when everything started to go downhill. Delores answered and told us that it was our fault that we weren't ready (even though we never agreed to 7:30) and refused to make it right or admit fault. I asked if there was another branch that we could try and she told me that she would have Tyler, the other branch's DM, call me. (Why she couldn't have offered this as a solution in the beginning, I don't know.)I didn't know that prior to me calling Tyler, Delores had sent an email to him informing us of our situation and essentially telling him to mirror her response of "we'll try". He also refused to help us because of this.We spent the rest of the day calling other companies to see if anyone could move us on such short notice but no one could. We ended up getting a better rate from Camelback Movers and excellent service the next day.However, the problems with Two Men and a Truck don't stop there though. We were in the middle of moving (with Camelback Movers) when we get a call from Delores. She tells us that she can provide movers if we still need it. We told her that we went with someone else after she refused to help us. She then proceeded to tell me that they were still going to charge us for coming to our apartment the previous day (even though they came hours ahead of schedule AND ensured us that it was no problem for them to come back).We, of course, had every right to argue that charge. She put me on hold but forgot to mute the line and I could hear her talking to the owner's son who told Delores just to drop it and that it wasn't worth the fight. She was determined to charge us, however, because when she came back to the phone call, she told me that they would agree to pay half.As a company, agreeing to pay half is just as good as admitting fault. Her only argument for feeling she had the right to charge us was a confirmation email (which had the incorrect time). I hadn't noticed that the time was different when they sent it and when they called to confirm, there was no mention of time. Meaning there was no contract (neither verbally nor written) for the time of 7:30.After explaining this to Delores over the phone, she decided that the most professional thing to do was to hang up on my husband. She told him that she was no longer interested in having this conversation and terminated the call while he was mid-sentence.Ultimately, they never did charge us (because we had done nothing wrong) and we ended up with a much better company (Camelback Movers) for a lower rate.
1	I would not recommend this company, sometimes it just pays to pay more extra $$ for the quality of service and assurance of getting what you paid for. We hired Two Men for a total of 4 hours. Three men showed up and they had us sign some paperwork and went to work. However, they took MANY breaks and since it was an apartment complex that we moved out of, I could not see what they were doing only I know it does not take that long each time to load a few boxes into a truck parked 50 feet away. Eventually I came outside to see what was taking so long, to see them drinking and talking in the parking lot. What the heck? I understand it is still hot outside in November but it's not that damn hot, and it's completely unnecessary to take that many breaks.Eventually we are on the road and arrive at the house and everything went at an acceptable pace. Two of the men took a bathroom break which was fine but when the time came to pay the bill, they charged us for another increment of time even though the man admittedly stated that we only went over by 5 minutes! Something about it being "policy" to charge another increment if even only over by a few minutes. I think if they wouldn't have been taking so many damn breaks they would have finished on time. Even though customer service was sympathetic, they didn't offer a refund of the additional increment. A manager called us a few days later and seemed angry that his employees had been slacking off, however I didn't want to bother with the issue anymore so I told him it was fine. I will listen to the reviews more closely the next time I move and avoid this business like the plague.
1	STAY AWAY!!!  My rating is zero stars.  I called to schedule a move of just one item, a treadmill.  I gave two men and a truck  the addresses of where it was going to be moved between and told them that where it is going to be moved to is a two story house and the treadmill will be going upstairs.  They gave me two options, one was to pay by the hour and the other was a flat rate.  The person I talked to (Austin) told me that he recommends I go with the flat rate, because if I choose the per hour option that I risk paying more if the move takes longer than expected.  Therefore, I chose the flat rate, which was $140.  The two movers that were sent out did great work, however when they finished the move they told me that their boss (Jimmy) had called them and said that he was not happy that the move took longer than expected and that he wanted me to pay per hour for a total of $335.  I told him that I had the contract showing that I had agreed to a flat $140, to which he replied "Don't make me call the cops for theft of services".  Feeling very confident about my position considering that my scope of work matched exactly to what we'd agreed on and that I had a contract stating that it would be billed at a flat rate of $140, I told him that I would be delighted for the police to come by.  It was at that time that he called one of his movers, who were till at my house and told them to go ahead and charge the $140.  There are plenty of other highly rated movers on yelp, one of which I have used in the past (hint they have a 4.5 star rating with over 100 excellent reviews - they're in the CAMELBACK area) that I was extremely happy with.  The only reason I didn't use them for this move is that they said they have a minimum charge for a job and that it would not make sense for me to pay that to move just one item.  In other words they were honest.
5	We hired this company for unloading our truck when we moved from Washington State to Phoenix.From the very first step of our moving process to the last of our belongings being brought up the 3 flights of stairs everyone we had encountered was professional, personable and had fantastic customer service. The evening  online request was followed up by a phone call first thing the next morning by Austin. He gave complete and accurate information and answered all my questions. The estimate was emailed immediately after we spoke. We really appreciated the confirming phone call 3 days prior to our move in date, as we were traveling in our rental truck from Washington State to Phoenix. It gave us confidence in the company on that long trek south. The morning of our move in date the office called to confirm they were on their way. The two gentleman, Junior & Jay(I think his name was Jay..Sorry if it's incorrect) they were on time, did an excellent job of moving our things, up 3 flights of stairs in, what we are told by the locals, unusually hot weather for this early in the summer. I would give this company 10 stars if possible! Thank you everyone who helped us from beginning to end of this process. It made our move so much easier! I will highly recommend to everyone!
5	Great!
