5	I drink coffee like it's my job. Columbia Street Roastery is definitely the place to go to buy coffee or espresso beans. Not to mention, SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS! They carry a variety of flavors, decaf / caf, blends ...and there are quite a few choices when it comes to Fair Trade or Organic.  Looking for something to do on a Saturday? They offer tours of the plant. And complimentary tastes!   During the summer months, they have a booth setup at the Lincoln Square Mall's Farmers Market too.
4	I am absolutely not a coffee person, but I picked up a few bags for my brother last time I was in town.  While I waited (why did I have to wait so long?  This is why four stars and not five) I tried a sample, and oh my goodness... if I were gonna get hooked on coffee, this is the place that could do it.  Of course, I still needed a lot of cream & sugar, because that's how I roll, but I suspect that's exclusively my issue.  Highly recommended coffee, coming from a non-coffee-drinker.  My brother, the real coffee drinker in the family, still has our parents ship it to him periodically, now that he's living in LA as well.... so that's gotta say something.
5	I think it's amazing that Champaign has its own coffee roasters.  I think it's TOTALLY OMFG CRAZYAWESOME that said coffee is actually really, really delicious.  And reasonably priced (helloooo, under $11/pound).  And you can get great blends or beautiful single-origin.  Or a multitude of flavored coffees.  Or tea.  Or various coffee/tea accessories.  AND: If you buy 10 1lb bags of coffee, you get the 11th free.  What kind of wonderfulness is that??
5	I admit, I'm fairly new to the serious coffee game, but most anyone can tell the good stuff from the bad...and, man, does Columbia Street roast some delicious coffee! I can't speak to any of the flavored coffees since I've stuck to their single-origin and organic, fair-trade coffee blends (yeah, yeah...I'm one of THOSE people), but what I've had has been absolutely delicious. The staff is always friendly and eager to help you find exactly what you need.If you're a regular, don't forget to ask for a coffee punch card. Buy 10 half-pound (or one-pound) bags and get a bag free. Free coffee? YES, PLEASE.Oh, I almost forgot! They have lots of tea, as well. Immediately to your right when you enter the store. I haven't sampled any of them, but it looked like they have a nice selection.
5	Local, tasty, helpful. What more could I ask for? Dropped in on a busy Saturday. Things were frantic, but the employees were still helpful. No need to buy grocery store or out of town coffee again.
5	Wow, did it smell fantastic in there!  And the owner is pretty much the nicest, most helpful man in town.  After having one of their blends at Escobar's (next door, delicious), my family and I were looking in the window, bummed that they were closed on a Sunday, but thinking the shop looked cute.  The owner happened to walk by, and let us in for what amounted to a private tour!  He is one of those people that seems to know what you like more than you do -- he was asking us to describe things that we enjoy drinking / eating, and he helped us to select the coffee (and tea in my mom's case) that would best suit us.  He was very generous with both his time and coffee, spending time to discuss the various production methods, and their effects on taste.  I learned a lot!
5	Update: I have since tasted two more of Columbia Street Roastery's coffees -- the Guatemala HueHueTenango and the Mocha Java Bold blend.  I preferred the Guatemalan coffee -- nutty, with berry and chocolate notes [at least that is what I detected!], but both coffees are so good that my french press is getting a lot of action these days!
5	I came here for a coffee cupping with a small group.  The staff spent over an hour with us, taking us through the roastery and going through how coffee is made.  The cupping was fascinating, and we really learned how to properly taste good coffee.  The Guatemalan coffee that they served was incredible.
5	We live in the area and popped in one afternoon since we had a gift card. The owner asked if we'd ever been before and gave us a tour and recommendations. He was very friendly and knowledgeable and the coffee was delicious! (We buy whole bean and grind the coffee ourselves.)We've gone back several times to purchase pounds of coffee as gifts for friends and family. Terrific local business!
5	I have not purchased coffee anywhere else by Colombia St. in years.  It is simply the best. I love to go in and talk to the staff. They are know their coffee and are happy to tell you about it. They also make great recommendations. I've tried many different varieties. My favorite is the Dominican Gold (single bean) and I also like the Black Velvet ( a blend ). You can't go wrong here. I used to grind my own coffee but I found that when you ask them to grind it for a French press, the grind is more even and consistent than my poor grinder.  Also, they give you a punch card and after you buy 10 pounds of coffee, you get one free, so don't forget to ask for one! I don't drink tea, but they have a bunch of it! Probably worth checking out if you're a tea fan.
5	Excellent coffee selection, knowledgable and friendly staff.  It's just plain tasty coffee roasted right.  This is strictly a roastery so there's no on-site coffee or espresso, but if you can try a cupping, they're awesome and you'll learn a lot while you have some fun.
5	I love getting my coffee here for my french press.They have the best whole bean coffee,and its very fresh.Not something thats been sitting around for months on a grocery store shelf.                My fav. bean coffee is Colombian supremo then at times I'll get costa rican bean coffee.My girlfriends loves tip of the andes bean.We come from out of town every other month to stockup on our coffee.They roast it right on the spot,so you know your going to have fresh bean coffee to drink.Hands down this place is the best,and I always look forward to coming to this place.
5	I won't buy coffee anywhere else as long as I live here. . . Try the Burundi or Bob-O-Link Brazil for truly great, fresh single-origin beans.  Great price for great product!  Kind employees and great service.
5	Herriott's is one of a limited number of companies authorized by the manufacturer of my coffee grinder (Baratza) for maintenance and upgrade. Living in Chicago, Herriotts in Champaign made sense to approach for upgrading my grinder.  When contacting  Herriotts' I was immediately was put in touch with the manager of their service department ,Larry whose customer service response was impeccable and awesome. All my questions answered by email, advice  on what work should be done,on how and when to send my grinder, email notifying me of receipt, the work done and shipment back to me The whole transaction took four days until my grinder was back in my possessionAdditionally I talked with Larry about coffee and he recommended one of the Herriott blends for espresso.Coffee arrived with the grinder and, yes, the blend ( "411")  does work up  delicious shots of espresso.We have roasters in Chicago but I am sorry that  Herriotts  has no Chicago presence. Its a bit too distant for me for a casual drive :(I have to give this company five stars based on my experience and I will be ordering from Herriott's again.
5	Excellent coffee and wonderful help.  I drink their coffee both at work and at home.
4	I met the roaster this morning at a coffee shop, so I had to try her handiwork. It's pretty delicious. I can't speak fkr the shop or the service, but the end result is tasty.
5	Really fantastic coffee that is less expensive than buying at the co-op. We got the sumatra black label. It was worth every penny. The staff there also seemed really friendly and were helpful.
5	The coffee here is superior to all the other coffee in the area. The price for the coffee is very reasonable. I have bought unroasted and roasted coffee and have been very happy with both. My favorite roasted coffee is the Sumatra. The Sumatra has the sweet taste that I enjoy from coffee. As for unroasted I like the Colombian beans. I also like that when they grind the coffee for you because they grind them very evenly. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. All of the staff is very knowledgeable about coffee. The other day I had a couple questions about roasting coffee and the guy who roasts their coffee spent a  great deal of time giving me tips. If you are looking to upgrade your coffee equipment, this is also a great place to stop by. If you are not a coffee kind of person, they also have a tea room with many different options. My favorite tea is the black mango tea. They are just as knowledgeable about tea as they are about their coffee. The owner of the roastery is very friendly and is definitely passionate about his coffee. The owner takes a lot of pride in his coffee because he has invested in building relationships with the coffee farmers he works with and he knows the work it takes to get a good cup of coffee.
