2	The only reason I'm not giving this a 1 star rating is because, eventually, you do end up with a cup of coffee that is more or less what you asked for.Aside from that, I'm hard pushed to find good things to say about this particular branch of Costa; it's definitely my least favourite of all the city centre branches. For starters, it's always at least 5 degrees hotter in here than is ever really necessary. Not exactly what you want what you've just ordered a Venti piping hot drink.That is, of course, when you finally get your drink. On any given day you'll have to queue for about 10 minutes before you get to the front. And they don't even have the excuse of having to serve all the Waverley train-catchers, because there's another branch downstairs in the station itself.
4	Costa Coffee was a godsend for us early risers looking for a cuppa Appreciated the fact this shop was open early enough to stave off the caffeine headache & was within walking distance to our hotel! Most other places didn't open til mid-morning & that just wouldn't do! A swarm of other people were likewise feeling the pain & pounced upon the poor staff, right at the 1st inkling of opening activities & they ended up taking pity on us poor souls & started the espresso machines early PROPS!!! Latte was smooth, no sugar needed but be sure to get an extra shot - if you like your coffee strong, you'll need it Surprisingly enough, they also have a good & tasty assortment of pastries, muffins, yogurt drinks, sandwiches & whatnot Found in the top floor of the mall, above the train station. There must be a lot of commute traffic coming through this location & for us tourists looking for an early morning caffeine fix, you were king!
5	Feels New, Clean & Brighter. Even the tables are clean & clear. Impressive!
3	Average Costa location. Not the best, but not the worst. So I've been stopping at this Costa for tea for a week now due to my temporary housing arrangement nearby on Waterloo. The service is fine. My tea is ready quickly and the cashier is always friendly to me. The seating inside is facing Princes Mall. Yes, your indoor seating faces a mall. So with all of the beautiful things to see nearby, you are looking at a staircase to the mall and a few stores. The seating arrangement outside also leaves much to be desired. Again, no real view of anything. In terms of the service, it's average. They get your order out pretty quickly but often don't say much when you get your order. Often they are very busy and I would imagine this plays a role in determining whether or not they have time to talk to customers. But it would be nice if they did. In the end, this Costa is decent. I've been to other locations with a better street view and better service. So my verdict is that they are good and not great. I'll come here as long as I am conveniently close by.
