5	Great location and staff. Came here to drop off some books to send back to Chegg. The young lady working had awesome pink hair! She was really nice and bubbly, scanned my books and had me out in no time with receipt in hand!
1	I thought I'd just run in since it wad close by...WASTE of my time! The owner is the rudest business owner I've met in awhile, I'm not sure how they expect to keep the business running with that kind of attitude- not caring and apparently not happy with life in general. I was late getting back to work because they were incompetent and over charged me TWICE and had to redo the transaction! I ended up taking my packages and documents and telling them to cancel everything. NEVER going back yo this one- I'll drive out of my way to avoid it from now on
1	Website and front door say business opens at 8:00 am.  Twice in the last month I have gone here at 8:15 am, and its still closed.  This is extremely unprofessional and I will never give them my business again for wasting my valuable time before work in the morning.
1	Buyer beware PO Box rental -  After almost 2 years of renting a po box I informed the owner I didn't need my po box anymore. When I asked about forwarding  mail I was told mail can't be forwarded from a po box, which is fine, so I asked if that is the case please return any mail to the postman.. I was then firmly told they would hold all mail for 6 months and if I wanted to get it I would have to pay for 6 more months for the po box... MY MAIL will be held hostage unless I pay almost $200 seems like it should be mail theft... the worst of it was the attitude of the owner who pretty much told me if I dont like it then pay the hostage charge...  BUYER BEWARE!
1	Bring your own tape and scissors.  I wasn't allowed to use theirs because of "insurances", and they charged me $2 to tape my package.  Business must be slow.  FEDEX next time.
1	I am very upset.  I want my money back or at least a refund for the difference in shipping costs, from two day the ACTUALL time it took because of THEIR CLERKS ERROR!  I brought a package in and paid for two day air and it is not there!  Been 4 days now! Paid for two day air.  The man at the counter of this UPS store decided to rearrange the address I gave him. I told him at the time. This is not how it is supposed to be addressed, "see here" I said. It is going to a dormitory. The format the college requested is as follows... XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXI show him my phone with the address in LARGE letters. He said "No, its fine...look here is the address."  I said, "Are you sure?"  The College requested it to be in a different format."   He said "Its fine, it is correct." WRONG!!   WRONG!!  WRONG!!I have shipped fine from other carriers, amazon etc. only THIS STORE had a problem!!!  I have called UPS tracking and they are going to try to correct the clerk's error!   They also said I have to get my money back from THEM.  So I am asking for my money back!  BUT they don't even have an answering machine!!
1	I would not go back, I will not conduct business with them anymore.They wasted my time and I wasted my money on them. I brought in a painting that was about 40 X 30 inches and weighted about 3lbs. I ask the blonde girl at the counter for an estimate to ship the painting as I was getting a few quotes for the shipping businesses in the area, she tells me it's going to be $50 total. So, I come back in the next 2 days after thinking they had the best quote. I go through the process of sending out the painting and the lady (different person) tells me it's going to cost $233.14 in total. I was f''ing pissed AND now I'm in a time crunch to get this out before a meeting. I told the lady what I was quoted before, but all she could do was apologize and give me $5 off. I paid the f'ing amount and I was livid. I felt tricked and I would have went somewhere else if I had the time at that moment.I have many more paintings to mail out but I won't do business here again and I will let everyone of my business associates know of my horrible experience here.
