5	Dropped an Iphone 4s off yesterday at 6pm that fell in a sink full of water and had a broken screen.   The phone wouldn't turn on at all and had visible water inside the screen and camera. Got a call from the store today at 1pm that the phone was fixed.  They charged me 99 for the new screen and nothing for fixing the water damage.  A+
5	My iPhone battery needed to be replaced.  They completed the task in under 20 mins and phone is back to normal.  Thanks!
4	He'll yea
5	This is the go-to place for phone and ipod repairs.  The fiancee had a cracked screen on his iphone 3GS so we brought it here on a Saturday afternoon.  They told us that they didn't have any screens in yet but that they had a shipment coming in that afternoon and we should stop by later or the next day. They also took my phone number down and said they would call when it came in. Sure enough, we got a phone call around 5PM saying they had gotten the screen in and they were open until 7PM so we could drop by anytime.  We dropped the phone off, got a quick beer at Caliente, then went back and the phone was ready.  Less than 30 minutes! Not only was it super fast, but the cost was totally reasonable.  The cost for the screen replacement was $53, but we had the Yelp deal and it only cost $35!  We will definitely be back with any future repairs.
5	Have been there twice with my iphone, once for broken glass and once for water damage. Great service and reasonable prices!
5	I needed to replace the broken rear glass on my iPhone 4GS.  I dropped in  - no appointment necessary - and it was fixed in less than 5 mins for about $30.  Pleasant service, quick, not expensive.  I will definitely go here again if my phone again meets misfortune.
5	I was devastated when my iphone screen shattered.  Apple told me my only option was to purchase a new phone and that their Apple Care Protection Plan did not cover that type of repair. Based on the previous Yelp reviews, UBreakiFix seemed like the best option in the Pittsburgh area for screen repairs/replacements.  I was definitely not disappointment.  The service was quick and my phone looks as good as new.
5	Replaced the screen in 1/2 hr. like they said. It looks great. The staff was very nice.
5	My experience was great. They were prompt, friendly and efficient! I shattered yhe glass screen of my iphone 4 but They fixed the screen it and I haven't had any trouble since then.
5	SERIOUSLY THE MOST AMAZING PLACE EVER!!!!!! Staff is always so helpful and they really do an amazing job.  I was just there today and was told they will be opening a second shop in the North Hills!!! YAY!!!!
5	Excellent service! I dropped my iPhone and shattered the glass covering the back (luckily). For $29.99, I was in and out within about 3 minutes. The staff was polite and efficient, and the glass looks as good as new. I would definitely go back!
1	I break u waste my time.... I had a Galaxy S2 power switch to be replaced. I was told by two separate people at the counter that this couldn't be done, as the whole motherboard would have to be replaced. What a bunch of crock. There are videos readily available on Youtube that show you how a competent technician can perform the switch replacement in about 15 minutes, and there are eBay vendors that will replace the switch (including parts and shipping) for the princely sum of $38.48. Judging by other posts here the business model of uBreakiFix is to do trivial work only at what works out at an hourly rate of about $300. No thanks.
5	These guys are fantastic. Professional, courteous, honest, and fast (was in and out in 30 minutes). My Iphone 4s flew out of my Jeep shattering the glass.  Didn't want to use my upgrade and sign another contract. The iphone is as good as new and they even had Otterboxes there for sale. If you had any doubts about these guys, don't. They're good.
4	My daughter dumped a glass of water on my Macbook Pro while it was on.  It immediately turned off and would not turn back on.  Apple said it would be a minimum of $750, but probably closer to $900.  A local Mac repair shop said they could do it for no more than $500.  I decided to take it to uBreakiFix just to see if they could diagnose it for free before shelling out a few hundred bucks.  I dopped it off and got a call 30 minutes later that they got it to turn on, and it was working perfectly.  They worked on it for another hour or two, cleaning and repairing some of the parts that got wet.  They charged me $50!  The only issue I did have is that when I got the computer home, I realized the bottom of the computer was not put back on correctly.  When they reassembled they put a clamp in the wrong place inside, and used the wrong screws in two spots.  I was able to easily fix it myself, but it would have been nice if, as a repair shop, they paid a little closer attention to detail.All in all, I couldn't be happier that they got the computer up and running, and that they opened it up and tried to fix it BEFORE giving me a price and diagnosing the problem, something the Apple store and other Mac repair shops did not even do.
5	The screen on my CISCO FLIP video cracked while on vacation.  Although uBreakiFix focuses on cell phones, iPads, iPODs, etc. they replaced the screen on my FLIP in less than a week.  They are fantastic. professional, courteous, honest, and fast.  Did a great job!
5	They were able to fix my galaxy 3 which had been turning off and on by itself for days and was not functional. They fixed It within a couple of hours and didn't even charge me because I had been a customer at another store location! They were very nice and attended me very quickly also. Highly recommended.
5	I walked in at about 6pm they close at 7. I have an unlocked iPhone 4s and i've been having problems with people not being able to hear me at all when I call (but I can hear them) and my screen wouldn't go off when I made calls so I would always either hang up or hit mute with my cheek, they said the sensor on my induction sensor didn't work, so since they were already going to be working on my phone I could have the other piece put on for just the cost of the part. The total was about $72. He came back and said that they didn't have the same problem when calling so they just put a spacer in it. And only charged me $54! And my problem is fixed! There is also a 90 day warranty which is great!!They also fix computers I bought in my HP that has a broken LCD and it costs $175. I'm going to shop around for different price quotes but he told me they also price match which is great. I will go to them for all my pc/phone needs and would recommend them to anyone they were so helpful.
5	These guys are fantastic!! They are professional, friendly and very knowledgeable. I highly recommend ubreakifix and would not hesitate to refer a friend. Very satisfied with the quality of work and level of service!
5	My iPhone 5c's screen had popped out of the back color casing. I showed it to them, they took it into the back for a few minutes and then brought it back out to me, all fixed and good as new! They didn't even charge me! The staff was extremely friendly as well. I will definitely recommend this place to my friends, and come back if I ever have another problem with my phone!
5	My iphone 5 's screen was broken and I shown it to them. They took  around 20 minutes to fix it . Very efficient! Now my iphone looks like a new one.
5	This place is great. Had my completely shattered phone screen fixed in half an hour, my phone literally looks brand new. As far as I'm concerned, there is no other place to go if you need a phone repaired. Thanks uBreakiFix!
1	This place not only did not have my Screen replacement (I-phone 5C) which turned out to be a blessing in disguise, but they then changed prices on us twice.  From other reviews it looks like its only "$77" but fear not, add $100 more and you'll get your final price. ($180). Since I needed phone for work reasons, I could not go another day without it,. The major issue, although, was I purchased the "$30 for $50 voucher" for me and my wife, (discovering later that day you could buy a LCD Screen replacement, but will get to that later)  we called and at least were going to give them the business for the IPHONE 5S, and asked if they would accept BOTH Vouchers for at least the $60 value, as I had already fixed mine, and got a flat out "NO" and that the price sky rocketed $30 MORE DOLLARS since we only were doing ONE NOW!!! What a Scam on those vouchers and very un-customer friendly.I recommend anyone with IPHONE 5 or 5C just simply YOU TUBE how to fix your phone. You can go on Ebay and order a Replacements Iphone screen with all the features for $40 and REPLACE IT YOURSELF!  (AKA, THESE PLACES GROSS $140+ for each repair) In UbreakiFix defense, I am not just singling this vendor out, even though they were very un-customer friendly about the vouchers.  They did say they'll price match and I can say from visiting other places, the price is around the same. Also, there are tons of these kiosks, places out there, but all it takes is some research to understand how easy a Screen Replacement can be.
5	Took my kindle in because it wouldn't charge.  Dropped it off on a Wednesday evening and had it back the following morning.  Absolutely outstanding!!
5	I'm an expert at breaking phones and these guys are experts at fixing them. My Iphone 5c screen was shattered and all different colors. I thought for sure they would not be able to fix it and I'd have to shell out the $500+ dollars for a new one since I didn't have an update. Not only did they fix it, they did it in an hour and a half!! They truly are life savers! The total cost was $171.. even with an update its $200 at Verizon!
4	Fixed my iPhone 4 screen. First fix they did, the replacement screen was defective. It worked but looked washed out. Didn't charge me and called me to come back in when the new replacement screen arrived. Second fix worked. Unfortunately one of the associates broke my cell phone case because he attempted to remove it incorrectly rather than allow me to show him. They rectified the situation by taking the cost of replacement case off final cost of repair.Overall satisfied. Would use again.
5	I broke my iPhone yesterday and sent it to the store. They fixed the phone in an hour with reasonable price. Highly recommended.
4	they did a fine job until my 8 year old niece dropped the ipad and cracked the whole thing again. bummer. I am a fan of uBreak and protective cases....
1	They charged 120. I found out later other places do it for half that.  The glass is cracking again and they won't fix it because of some lame excuse that my phone must have warped when I dropped it. Scam. Other places offer warranties also
1	I just called to bring in a hard drive for a simple repair (PCB board replacement). The guy on the phone insisted that it was IMPOSSIBLE. It is very possible, I just don't have the desire to do it myself right now. I guess I'll be doing it myself or taking it to someone with the skills to actually fix something. I won't ever bring an item to a place that is staffed by such dense people.
5	I got my phone fixed here today. I did some shopping around and these guys undercut all the other shops by $75 and at least 3 days. I dropped of my phone and picked it up the same afternoon. I hope I never need them again, but I'd definitely return if I had to
4	I went in this morning to get my iPhone 5 screen replaced. I had bought a yelp deal that gave me $50 towards services. Before heading to the store, I called to inquire about prices. They quoted me $99 + tax. The service was fast and I was happy with my new screen. There was however a misunderstanding with my yelp deal. I had a $50 voucher but they initially credited me only $20. When I brought it to their attention, it was remedied relatively quickly. If you buy a groupon or yelp deal, be sure to read the details before purchasing.
4	This is the second time I have come here because I am a clumsy person who gets annoyed with phone covers and inevitably ends up cracking the screen of my iPhone 5. Overall, this place does what it says. The first time I went I had a Home Screen button on the fritz and the guy replaced it without charging me extra. They are prompt and I've never been treated poorly. While I do think almost $110 is a bit steep for something I could probably YouTube and DIY, it is what it is.  iBreakiLazyiPay.
5	Really good service, James was very helpful on the phone then again the next day when I brought the phone in for my wife. One of the kids had answered her phone and then dropped it or something and broke the glass. I highly recommend them they took less than an hour and with the coupon from Yelp it was a great price.
