3	Visiting lady love, we stopped into Petco to research all things for the new addition to la familia.  I just feel that big box stores in Vegas have more of a kick than back at home, they carry different or more types of items.  The staff was nice, place was clean and they hold a pet-adoption every Sunday so the community is out and about.  I always appreciate that animals are welcome to cruise the store with the human companions.
4	This isn't the Petco I frequent but one day we were in the area and I did not want to forget the kittytap food and found Solid Gold, Before Grain and Merricks cans to please him. And a few chew bones for the doggers. Check out the clearance bins, sometimes you find some crazy deals there specially on harnesses and leashes. I got a $5off coupon on my receipt this visit for any cat food kibble so bonus.The staff at this location is pretty nice, even when we observed one customer be uber rude to the girl helping us.
2	I totally hate giving bad reviews, but there was no other way to rate this place.So I walk in during the middle of the afternoon... not one person around except the gentleman being rung up.  I'm in the store looking for a new filter for my turtle's tank.  I find exactly what I'm looking for without any issues due to the clean organized presentation of the store, but when I get to the register and am ready to pay; I realize I do not have my wallet.  I tell the lady (which happens to be a manager) that I must have forgotten my wallet in the car.  I told her I'd be right back.  She didn't say anything nor did she smile.  I left the filter at the register and ran to my car.  I was back literally within 1 minute and got to the register, only to find that the manager is stocking the floor with new shipment.  She finally acknowledges me after 3 long minutes and tells me she'll be right there.  Another 4 minutes pass and an associate that is just coming in for the day walks through the doors.  He notices me and asks if I've been helped.  He tells me that he'll be right out.  I wait another 4 minutes before he comes out.  The manager at this point is still stocking product.  When the associate (that had just walked in) comes to the floor and begins ringing me up, the manager approaches and tells her associate what she wants him to work on.  She then concludes by saying: "I'm headed to lunch."  Wow!  There is no sense of urgency in this place!  If it wasn't for the associate who came walking in,I probably would have been left at the register for another 9 minutes. Because of the associate that rang me up, I gave this place a 2 star.  He actually understood the meaning of customer service and should actually be the manager's manager! What a disappointing experience.
4	This would probably be a 3 star review, for "yep, it's a chain store that sells organic dog food and treats, stuff is usually in stock, nothing great nothing really wrong", only the staff here is pretty amazing. We have a ridiculously shy little Corgi--or rather I should say had. The staff here is all great with dogs, and all apparently have treats in every pocket.We ended up visiting them every 3-5 days for about 2 months, just little 5-10 minute, "Hey, we're gonna go walk through the store, buy you a treat and let you meet people who we know are going to be super gentle and nice with you." And by about trip 5, Going To Petco is now one of our pups favorite activities. The staff were never put upon by our tiny crying pup, and they've always been very helpful while we were looking for one product or another. The only complaint I have is that they are often out of Bully Sticks, alas.
