3	Dish has a great menu, but the food is merely average.  I am always excited about what i order, but I always feel just ok about it when I leave.  I will say that the honey-butter biscuits are amazing, and they serve a deviled egg with many of the meals if you like that (it actually makes me want to die).  It is a fine place to go for lunch or dinner, but it's better to go a  little early because this place gets quite crowded.  Open after hours a few nights a week as a bar, but I wouldn't go unless you like hanging out with scene kids, etc that mostly think they are way better than you.
1	I heard alot about this place and went to check it out and i was not a fan at all... while the food was super duper cheap i did not like it... i had the special which was chiken and dumplings... not enough dumplings and very bland... my friend was not a fan of the meat loaf... if you like super cheap food check it out... but i wont go back...
5	Dish is my standby.  My boyfriend and I live in the Plaza Midwood area and we hit Dish about twice a week.  It is all delicious, and the specials are usually awesome!  Can't go wrong with old faithful shrimp and grits, or the honey glazed biscuits.  The drink specials are usually quite a steal and are worth asking about.  Best of all, local art adorns the wall and it changes regularly.  If you have the same experience I have had, you'll get great, friendly service and tasty eats each time!
4	Good food with a fun atmosphere.  I like everything that I get here, sometimes they get a little crowded and the service can be slightly on the slow side, but overall it's worth at least one visit.
5	I went here for the first time last year when I was home visiting. I can't get it out of my head ever since then. Very cool spot.
1	I heard raves about this restaurant and tried it twice. I was not amused. I thought the food was mediocre at best. Maybe their specialty is grits and shrimp (which I didn't try) but the fish dish dinner was horrible. Dry and tasted old. Prior to that I ate lunch there - I don't remember what it was (and that should tell the whole story!) Needless to say..I can't recommend them at all. Yuck! It is, however, rather inexpensive.
4	Dish has a quaint feel to it with artwork (that's for sale) from local artists and a small bar in the back room.  The service is exceptional, and the homestyle food is prepared quickly.  And speaking of the food.. this is what makes this place stand out.  Everything I have ordered from the menu has been absolutely delicious.  A great place to dine, especially for couples.
4	Nom Nom Nom. Dish is yummy. I've never had a problem with the "attitudes" other have described -- I've actually enjoyed it. The food is delicious, great chicken, shrimp & grits, deviled eggs, biscuits. It's cozy and just gives me a warm, happy feeling. It's the first restaurant that we really fell in love with when when moved to Charlotte from an extremely food-centric town, and frankly, it's still one of the few on that list. The atmosphere is funky and comfy all the same time. Don't go in expecting that from the staff, though. This place is at times hipper-than-thou, so those who are worried they may not be, please stay away. Your insecurity may keep you from enjoying your food. Those who don't care will dish divine.
1	I've been here a bunch and I want to continue supporting this place, I really do. But they make it nearly impossible. The kitchen staff works hard and the food is OK. But the wait staff is often inattentive at best and surly at worst. (Example: the host refused to seat our party at an empty table in the no-smoking section and insisted we sit adjacent to the loud, nasty bar section.)  After several such unpleasant experiences, I've given up.
4	Something about the outside of Dish had me under the impression that it was a fine dining kind of place. I was pleasantly surprised when a girlfriend and I headed over there after yoga class for dinner when I saw that it's much more casual. From North Carolina comfort-food favorites to nice bar food, Dish has a lot of options. The variety is good if you're going to bring a group of folks...I keep Dish on my list of family-friendly restaurants for when my folks visit. Dish has good options for vegetarians without freaking out my country-living parents.I thought the service was great, and I also am a fan of the pecan pie. It's located in a great part of town, and I'm glad that there are so many options opening up in this area to help share the Penguin's love.
5	Everyone is friendly and having a good time at Dish, and I always have a positive experience there.  It's got an artsy feel but it doesn't take itself seriously. The comfort food is excellent.  The meatloaf and mashed potatoes are amazing. But if you don't feel like taking a nap after you eat, I'd also recommend the Red, White and Blue burger. It's a great burger topped with blue cheese. Plus, most meals come with a honey-glazed biscuit and deviled egg. If they've got it, be sure to try the sweet potato pie. With $2 Yuengling pints and plenty of other good specials, Dish is also a good place to grab a few beers and start out your night in Plaza Midwood.
4	Amazing comfort food in all respects--comforting food in a chill, comforting environment. Cool artwork on the walls, nice layout of tables and the bar, and an amazing food. If you're up for a mellow night with friends, this place is perfect. Last time I was here we started out with deviled eggs--something I'd never really seen on the menu before I moved to Charlotte but which is ubiquitous here. There's a reason for this. Try one. Or a lot. The rest of the menu offers good bar-type food and things like burgers, fried chicken, mashed potatoes--you know, real-deal comfort food that you'd expect. In all honesty, where you're done eating you'll wanna go right to sleep--which is the point, right?
4	As a native Californian with 7 years experience in the restaurant industry, some might say my standards for food just might be on the more critical side of the spectrum. A friend of ours recommended Dish as our first "locals" style restaurant recommendation. He's a man of few words: "Dish is pretty good. Their spicy meatloaf is excellent." We stopped by for dinner and found some parking on the street, but I can see how parking can be hit or miss depending on the time of day and how busy the neighboring places can get. Dish has an understated exterior, with only a colorful cartoonishly hip logo painted outside and your staple one-word trendy name. The interior is open, bright, and eclectic. Paintings and china plates are displayed on the walls. It is cozy, familiar and conjures childhood memories. The clientele is decidedly hip and young - a quick survey of the folks yielded an Ozomotoli hoodied, bearded guy, surrounded by lean women in 70's blazers and jeans. My impression - not unlike the Silverlake crowd in Southern California, understated, casual cool. An efficient, friendly, nose-ringed waitress took our order. As prescribed, I stuck with the spicy meatloaf and mashed potatoes. My husband ordered the grits and shrimp. If you're going to eat Southern food, you gotta have some grits. Certain grits dishes can even aspire to the level of "sophisticated" cuisine; I was reminded of the well-loved shrimp and grits dish that a former Top Chef contestant whipped up that made me long for taste-o-vision. Entrees came with a deviled egg and biscuit. While the deviled egg was satisfactory, the biscuit was mundane and a bit cold. What made up for it was the warm, well-balanced shrimp and grits, just enough salty, creamy, cheesy, taste to make you shovel the strangely textured Southern favorite into your mouth and be reduced to caveman-like sounds of affirmation and delight. The spicy meatloaf did not disappoint, an intriguing, subtle heat, slight tart and sweetness and a lovely textured meatloaf that was neither too compacted or too delicate.   Portions were perfect, pricing a good value for a sit-down restaurant that has a local hangout vibe.My only criticism is the food temperature, which in the cool evening, dropped within minutes causing you to wonder if you could drop into the kitchen and ask to pop the dish just for a sec' into the microwave. The potatoes were a little on the dry side for my tastes, but all in all this was one of the best comfort food meals I've ever enjoyed. Simply put, I have a new-found respect for Charlotte restaurants and Southern comfort food.
4	So far all I've had there is beer and a deviled egg, but I have a feel for these things, and I know this is going to be one of my favorite places in Charlotte.Very friendly staff, simple but hearty (and veg-friendly) menu, and a really nice open space that doesn't have many windows, but is decorated with eye-catching art.For all of you transplanted Chicagoans, this is kind of like Bite Cafe on Western, but instead of BYO, Dish has a full bar.Can't wait to go back.
4	they have the best food and the greatest mushroom soup ever. sadly, they are so damn crowded! ahahahahaha.
3	Dish is just one of those places that you either like or don't like.On the deviled egg: I guess you get it or you don't.  I like eggs, but I don't like the deviled egg.  It's not that it detracts from anything, I just didn't really care for it.  It's something like adding lettuce and tomato to every burger that comes out at a burger joint - I'd so much rather have the option, like at Five Guys or Counter.  You know?On the menu: When you look over the menu, your mouth typically waters.  At least mine did.  Everything races through your mind and your taste buds go mad.  Then the gears start spinning and you have to figure out what to order.  That's when the wheels of the car start to come off.At this point, I typically either go with the special or ask a server for advice.  When I asked for advice, I was given absolutely no help.  The problem that you run into with the pretty people is that often they have no real-life experience.  A good server will be able to steer you in the right direction.I've even been in situations where diners flat out say "surprise me" and a good server will do just that, with no direction at all.  At Dish, the servers would likely run screaming in terror - they are simply afraid of being given too much responsibility, and in turn they give you the opportunity to make the decision.  That's a problem when everything sounds good.On the food: It is utterly average.  For someone who isn't from the South, then the comfort food of Dish might be fine.  But for someone who lives here, it's decent, but nothing special.  A chicken and dumplings special, for instance, barely stayed warm enough to eat, and had no flavor (both things that have been mentioned by others).  Even Cracker Barrel can do this well on comfort food.
3	I mean, I LIKED my blackened chicken sandwich; but, I don't know, it felt just kind of thrown together. If I lived in Charlotte, I'd eat at Dish again; but I'd certainly be in no rush to get back. Unlike Mike K., I think Bite in Chicago runs circles around this places.
5	If you want a life altering experience try the CAJUN MEATLOAF with collard greens, a honey biscuit, mashed potatoes and a deviled egg!  HOLY CRAP this is an amazing meal!!  If it were my last day on earth this would be my final meal PERIOD!
4	Here's the dish on Dish: it's Southern comfort food, served with a Bohemian twist. Other Yelpers have pegged it correctly: from the deviled egg and homemade biscuit served on the side, to the Cajun meatloaf, Dish delivers fare like it's made in Momma's kitchen. I've taken friends and elderly (yes, as in really old) relatives to this neighborhood joint, and I've found that Dish has something to please most everyone. I must admit I am extremely partial to one menu item I haven't seen mentioned here. Don't laugh, either, 'cause this stuff rivals the fancy-schmancy stuff you'd find at a much pricier bistro. It is Dish's grilled chicken livers. Served with a side of homemade honey-mustard sauce, these babies are lightly grilled- moist, slightly peppery, and absolutely yummy. It's okay if you pass, it'll leave more for me.One other thing about Dish: if you want a restaurant that exemplifies the "hip" part of Charlotte, Dish is my top pick. Like most of Plaza-Midwood, it is deliberately un-class conscious, playful, and iconoclastic. Old timers will think its flea-market decor looks homey, while hipsters will groove on the kitschy paint-by-numbers art and grandma's attic souvenir plate collection. Add to that a back patio festooned with pink flamingo lights and you have something like trailer-trash art to admire while you enjoy your meal.DIsh is unpretentious comfort food served with a stud-in-tongue-in-cheek attitude. If you "get it," or even if you don't, I think Dish serves up a mighty fine dining experience.
3	The shrimp and grits are delicious, as is the chocolate pecan pie.  Some of the other dishes are a little more mediocre and they seem to have a problem getting the food out hot.  Still a good bet if you are in the area.
5	I can't stop getting the Cajun Meatloaf with Macaroni and Cheese, a biscuit and a deviled egg.  This place serves it up.  The staff has lots of personality.  They are a lot of fun.  Some local musicians work here and Dish always has interesting local art on the wall.  Thomas St. Tavern (next door) is pretty good but try Dish next time.  You will love it.
4	Great restaurant.  They specialize in comfort foods like meatloaf and chicken dumplings.  They also have other dishes like vegetarian burritos.  A deviled egg is served with almost every dish.  I recommend the Cajun meatloaf.  My only complaint was that the collard greens were covered in sugar.
2	Aching for some good, southern soul food, I decided to give this place a try.   I ordered the meat loaf (recommended by friends) and the mashed potatoes.    The food was decent, definitely not as comforting as I would have liked and to be frank I receive a bit more comfort at Crackle Barrel :\.The wait staff (at least the one working my table) was horrible.   My food came out luke warm and I asked for it to be taken back and warmed up.   She did in fact take it back but it was another 15 minutes before I received my food again.   Most of the time she had this deer caught in head lights look about her which warned me to keep my questions simple and my replies brief.All in all, not a terrible place to eat, but I would make it a "nowhere else I really want to go" place.
4	I eat here at least once a week, and here's why: it's cheap, there's always a table waiting (might be in the back, which used to be the smoking section, but is no longer), waitstaff is awesome, and the food is all about simplicity and comfort. It doesn't matter what I'm in the mood for, there's something on the menu to satisfy my craving. Pile o' mac'n'cheese and some collards? Check. Awesome tomato soup and grilled pimento cheese? Yup. Salad with a big, tasty portabello on top? Mmm-hmm. A pile of black bean nachos with their limey-tasty salsa on the side? Aye. Starchy, chick-pea filled veggie burger? *Grab* (perfect hangover cure, in my humble opinion). I've had copious beverages here on weekend evenings (MEL YOU RULE) but also taken my family here numerous times for fancy dinners. It's all around win, and every time I leave I'm satisfied and proud to have frequented one of the best, yet chill, restaurants in Charlotte.
3	So, I finally went to Dish after much anticipation, given its rave reviews and eclectic demeanor.  My bf and I sat outside on the patio, which is quiet and relaxing.  We got down to business and ordered fried green tomatoes to start....he had the meatloaf with macaroni and cheese, I had a veggie burger with honey glazed carrots.  The food itself was average overall, with some components reaching the slighty-above-average mark.  My biggest issue here was the total lack of seasoning.  The cornmeal breading on the tomatoes was really, really bland, as was the mac and cheese.  My veggie burger was too, but with the addition of pimento cheese and creamy  cucumber sauce, it tasted a lot more flavorful.  But, by itself, it was pretty lifeless.  My bf thoroughly enjoyed his meatloaf and given the other reviews, I think that plate is pretty much a safe bet.  My expectations for Dish were pretty high and I will say, I was a little disappointed overall.  Our service was slow and the food was average, but I will be back to try a few other things on the menu, namely the shrimp and grits.  I have to give that one a shot before I write this place off completely.  Oh and the deviled egg was superb.....possibly the highlight of the entire dinner.
4	That meat loaf is oh SO good :)I also had the zucchini casserole for the side... yum!
2	It was kinda' busy for a Saturday night.  They seemed understaffed and our food took forever.  I can't really say that I'll be in a hurry to go back.  The meat loaf was rubbery but I have to say the Chicken Pot Pie soup was tasty.  It's too bad to see a business so disorganized.
1	Use to be one of my all time favorite restaraunts. Unfortunately my family and I wound up with severe cases of food poisoning that put us all in the hospital last weekend when we ate there. We had the pork chops and cajun meatloaf with collard greens.I'm really sad they don't take cleanliness and food preparation as seriously as they use to!
1	I'm a native Charlottean but have lived in Southern California for 6 yrs.  When I get back to CLT, I really look forward to some traditional Southern cooking.  Dish was a big disappointment.  They have the menu items down pat but fall down in the  flavor and preparation department.- Fried green tomatoes were bland and "hard."  The are lightly battered in an unseasoned flour and served with a dill/horseradish dipping sauce.  A seasoned corn meal batter would've been much better.  The tomatoes were thinly sliced but were "hard" (way too young).  Since they weren't that good it didn't bother me that they only give you about a third of a tomato.- Collard dip sounded like a cool idea but...  They basically take a traditional spinach dip and substitute collards.  The menu says served hot, but ours came cold (not room temp but cold) and clearly straight from the fridge!  The pita wedges were put on the grill for a few seconds, but were not grilled enough either.- Pork chops were very tough and grilled with a heavy handed too-sweet maple glaze- Salmon patties were cooked way too fast and ended up nicely browned on the outside but way undercooked and soupy on the inside.- Pot roast was tender and pretty good- Collards were fresh but over-the-top sweet.  Who wants sweet collards anyway?  A hint of sweetness I can see, but these were just not good.- Squash casserole was nicely flavored but the squash were cooked to death- Finally, the deviled egg had been boiled so long, my egg white was actually hardThe place was almost full when we visited.  I'm guessing that any repeat patrons are eating here because it's in a trendy locale, and they've probably never had good and true Southern cooking.  You certainly can't get that at Dish!
3	Dish can be hit or miss. I've been there a couple times - mainly when my mom comes to town because she loves Southern cooking.The chicken and dumplings is delicious. It's very thick and heavy, but I love it. And they give you LOTS of it.I think it's cute how the entrees come with a deveiled egg. And they're good so no complaints! The key lime pie is really good also.My dad had their pimento sandwich and seemed to hate it. The shrimp & grits are... "ok".The decor is meh. Not to say that I have to have an extravagant surrounding to enjoy a meal, but it was a little off-putting on my first visit. The service isn't very good for the most part. The server will be there and then not there. And even when they're not busy, everything still seems to be slow.If you want some good home cooking, I'd try it out. But I wouldn't expect to be "wow"ed.
4	I saw this restaurant featured on Diners Drive Ins and Dives and decided to give it a try. It was a beautiful day so we decided to sit out back on the patio. We started with drinks; I ordered the Ice Pick which was sweet tea, vodka, and lemon juice. It was a very good drink and at $4.00 it just can't be beat. My husband ordered the SoCo and lime it was also good and $4.00. We ordered the Collard Dip for an appetizer. This was the highlight of the meal a perfect balance of creamy salty and bitter on lightly toasted pita triangles; it also came with tortilla chips. I ordered the chicken and dumplings with potato salad for my side. The chicken and dumplings were the best I have had, they were not bland at all; black pepper, onion and garlic all flavored the thick broth. There was lots of shredded chicken and small tender pieces of dumpling. It also came with a tender, flaky, golden brown biscuit and a tasty deviled egg. The potato salad was good not great. My Husband ordered the salmon cakes they were good but nothing special. They did come with an orange honey butter on top and that was delish as well as two sides. The mac and cheese was kind of bland and greasy. The mashed sweet potatoes were nicely seasoned with butter, sugar and cinnamon. The service was quick and attentive. If it were not for the salmon cakes and the mac and cheese I would have given this place five stars.
4	I don't go to Dish for the culinary experience.  I do love the laid-back vibe with some good southern hangover/late night grub.  I like to order a half grilled cheese sandwish with a cup of tomato bisque.  I love that you get a deviled egg as a side to many dishes.  Nice touch.  My favorite is the black bean and rice burrito.  Cool tunes in the juke box.  Just a good local spot w/o the frills.
3	Walking into Dish provided me with a sense of comfort since I come from a deep Southern background.  The menu was rich in choices that I would expect of a place like this.The food was average if not a bit above average, however the waiter we had was unattentive and slow.I will return and try this diner again to see if possibly a different experience with the waiter/waitress will enhance the mood.  However, if I receive the same service, I will definitely reccomend other places instead of Dish because what you will find here is nothing extraordinary.
4	I don't know if some of these recent reviewers have ate there at the absolute worst time, or are super/unrealistically picky about places, but I've eaten at DISH regularly for the last 4-5 years and I can name on one hand the # of bad meals I've had. And before anyone asks, I eat out regularly at a variety of different places, from dives like Lupies and the roach-coach Tejano luncherias parked in parking lots, to places like Del Friscos and Lulu's. The food is always great, and at worst its good. I will agree tho, that the service can be REALLY hit  or miss (whether busy or not), and a lot of the time its just servers running around like chickens w/their heads cut off. But the food makes up for it
3	One word- Chicken'nDumplings! (or is that two words?)  Love it!  Not everything on the menu is perfect, but everyone comes here for their favorite thing, my boyfriend loved the pork chops, and rarely stray from their usual order.  A true southern diner.
4	I have been eating lunch at Dish for years and I have always enjoyed what I have ordered! From the Chicken n Dumplings, the grilled tilapia lunch special, half of a grilled pimiento cheese sandwich with a cup of tomato soup to the spinach n mushroom quesadilla. Fun, casual atmosphere and a variety of clientele. I am never disappointed! My friends and co-workers love it, too.
4	When friends recommended Dish to me and my wife, we had only been in Charlotte for a month or so. They gave it a two word description: comfort food. They weren't kidding. Being a Michigan native, I was eager to sample some southern eats, so I had to start off with the fried green tomatoes, which had a light breading with just a hint of cayenne. My wife ordered the chicken and dumplings and I don't think I've seen her that happy with a meal in a long time. I had the cajun meatloaf, and it was a serious slice of meatloaf. It was one of those meals where you almost annoy yourself by saying how good the food is after each bite.Don't go there expecting a fine dining experience. This isn't to say that  the services wasn't good because it was, but it's definitely a dive, and it's somehow the perfect feel for the food.When my wife's family came for a visit we took them there, and it is literally the first time in the seven years that i've known them that everyone really liked their meal.
4	I was really impressed with Dish! It's very unassuming from the outside, but the food the serve is wonderful. I had a buffalo chicken salad and it was huge, fresh and tasty. Others at my table ordered the creamy tomato soup and the vegetarian quesadillas, as well as another big salad - can't remember which one exactly. Everyone was very happy with their meal and I'm sure you will be too!
4	100% southern comfort food at a great price.  You can't beat it!
4	I had to bump this review up and give Dish another star.  I have eaten here many more times since my last review and have not been disappointed again!  The shrimp and grits have been added to my "crave worthy in Charlotte" list and it's definitely one of those meals I stare out the window and dream about.  Big, tender shrimp, spicy sausage, tomato chunks, and spinach served on top of grits and covered with a smokey, cheesy sauce that is just delicious.  My fave, for sure.  I also really dig the chicken pesto sandwich served panini style with grilled chicken, pesto, and cream cheese.  And it helps that my good buddy is the bartender in the back during the week.  He makes a hell of a mixed drink.....ask for the Dirty Mermaid next time you go!
4	I am staving off my food coma to be able to write this.  Dish is the ultimate in good southern food in Plaza-Midwood.  It is stick to your ribs food without all the grease.They are known for their chicken and dumplings, but the whole menu is solid.  Personally, it is hard for me to avoid the cajun meatloaf and mashed potatoes.  The biggest decision is whether or not to save the devil egg and honey glazed biscuit for before or after the main course.  There are always delicious fresh veggies incorporated into their side dishes for healthy tastiness.Its going to be hard to do, but try and save room for the desserts.  Super rich key lime pie will hit the spot and you cannot go wrong with the vanilla bourbon sweet potato pie, I am told.The kitchy decor of vintage plates and velvet paintings will almost make you feel like someone's grandma is cranking out the grub in the kitchen.
4	Been here many times.  This is the first time as a yelper. Hooray! They still give you a great biscuit and a deviled egg.  I live in Plaza Mid wood when I travel here from Greenville SC and I just  was too tired to venture very far. Actually I wanted steak but it seems that you are rather limited in this neighborhood for a really good steak.  I am strictly  a non drinker and something just didn't seem right about the Whiskey Warehouse. Besides I just don't want to spend a fortune at a chain.   Zada Jane's where I've had a great breakfast, was empty and too pricey for their steaks.  All this to say and ---- Hello! there in front of my eyes was trusty old Dish.  I guess it's going to be a chicken and dumplings night.  On the way in I note the special on one of those little sandwich boards outside on the side walk and decide that's it.  It was a brisket of beef with spicy orange BBQ sauce evening with a great side of potato salad and leafy side salad.  To the point, Lisa my waitress was great in helping me make up my mind and got my food to me in short order and also managed to chat briefly about the neighborhood. What was up, what was down etc etc.  My food? just great! Dish calls it "comfort food".  I looked around while I was eating and noted that the room was full of happy "comfortable " people.  In the back many of Dish's patrons seem to be thoroughly enjoying the bar.  The Place is solid! It's all about making sure that you enjoy your food and your visit.  If you have never been there, try it. You will be glad you did.  If you have not been there for a long time go back.  It's probably better than you remember.  BTW this place is great for lunch!.  Guess I bump my 3 1/2 stars up to four.  Yum Yum!
4	It's be over a year since I've been to Dish (I no longer live in Charlotte); however, I have lots of fond memories of this place.Dish is located in an edgy, off-beat part of Charlotte, and it fits in perfectly!  From the outside you might think that Dish is a simple restaurant with not much flare, but you would be wrong.  Once inside you realize that Dish is a colorful place.  The staff members have an edge that you would expect from a restaurant in this neighbor.  They may not always keep your glass full but they will certainly have style when forgetting to do so.Choosing what to order is certainly an enjoyable experience.  You're presented with several options from a menu filled with delicious comfort food.  I recommend the cajun meatloaf.  It's your mama's meatloaf with an extra kick!  Everything's reasonably priced so your wallet won't feel restricted in the slightest.The atmosphere isn't my personal favorite, but it's a look that I know some people appreciate.  And as I mentioned, everything about this restaurant is in harmony with the surrounding neighborhood.  The crowd that's usually found here is fun and down-to-earth.  It can get pretty busy on the weekends, but the wait is never long.If you're looking for a restaurant to take your friends from out of town, Dish is a good option.  Your friends won't be wow'd; however, they'll leave feeling satisfied.
3	So, we went to Dish because my roommate and I were both not yet feeling fat (and sassy) from the day's food and it was both not super greasy and within biking distance. Stepping into Dish was like stepping into a memory of my grandma's kitchen...or at least what I imagine that would have been like if my grandma was from the Carolinas, not a diabetic from Brooklyn.The simple design of Dish's facade carries inside, where the dinning area is plain, with occasional infestations of kitsch. The servers are friendly and quick. My roommate had the blacken chicken with green beans and mashed potato. I am told they were tasty. I decided to go for the 3 veggie plate with smokey lima beans, squash casserole and collard greens because I am a sucker for fresh veggies that I don't have to wash or worry about keeping fresh. The greens were solidly tasty in an appropriately unremarkable way. I do not know what they put the lima beans in to make them smokey (I surmised "liquid meat" at dinner) but I'm not terribly fond of it. Once I removed them from the excess sauce they were much better and I ate them all (don't you fear). The squash casserole was heavenly and if I knew how to make it I would grow fat on it.Did I mention that both dinners came with a delicious biscuit and a deviled egg? I love both of those things and haven't had the latter in far to long. Pleasant surprise.All in all, Dish did not blow my mind but I didn't want it to. It was excellent at being comfortable.
4	I remember avoiding Dish because I was unimpressed with the exterior appearance.  It quickly became one of my fall back places for tasty, comfort food.  It also has enough character of kitschy decor and usually a good playlist to enhance the experience and take it up a notch from the usual southern fare place.  Plus, what a great part of town!Before I became a vegetarian, the chicken and dumplings was one of my favorites.  Now, I usually order the three veggie plate-a big fan of the collards, mac and cheese, the squash casserole, and sweet potatoes.  Plus, the fluffy biscuit and yummy deviled egg take the plate up a notch and make it a very satisfying meal.  I got the black beans last time, which I was not such a fan as they weren't anything special--a little dry.  I also love the burrito with black-eyed peas, collards, and sweet potatoes.  My boyfriend orders the grilled cheese and tomato soup 99% of the time we go there.  The tomato soup is out of this world.Some people had compared Dish to Lupie's.  Dish is far superior in my opinion.  Everything is just a little better at Dish, whereas everything is a little bit of a letdown at Lupie's.  (Sorry to Lupie fans, just one opinion.)
4	Just realized I have not yet written a review for one of my favorite go to spots. I have been coming here pretty consistently for years now, seen a lot of changes, especially in the kitchen. But overall it is some of my favorite "comfort food" around. I have ordered just about everything one the menu once (its not that big) and I love it all.Chicken & dumplings are great, giant portion. Love the Cajun meatloaf, meatloaf sandwich is great too! (I like their meatloaf) Wife loves the deviled eggs, so she always gets mine.I don't really have anything bad to say about the dish Go check it out,you won't be sorry
4	I came here while visiting Charlotte in search for Southern comfort food. I loved the cozy atmosphere with kitschy decor including local art. Our group started with fried green tomatoes which were very tasty. The grilled chicken pesto sandwich was great. The macaroni and cheese wasn't as good as I expected for a comfort food restaurant. I was charmed by the biscuit and deviled egg offered with each entree. The desserts looked great, buy most of us were too full to try them.Overall, tasty food with a relaxed atmosphere. The service wasn't outstanding but wouldn't deter me from returning.
3	I dig Dish. After not wanting to wait over an hour at Soul, out of town friends and I walked over to Dish. I was telling my friend that it was featured on "Diners, Drive Ins and Dives" and they were sold on going. I've only been once before and remembered I liked it but nothing like " I need to go back to Dish soon!" so I was stoked to try it again. It looks a little hood from the outside but when you get in, it has a southern diner kind of feel with eclectic decor. I never knew they had a patio so we opted to sit out there and I thought it was a cute patio area and loved the touch of Christmas lights. We started off with the black eyed pea hummus which was fantastic. It was a tangy/hot chutney on top that was a nice touch to it served along with pita pieces. As always, I was flip flopping about what to order, they offer southern dishes but surprisingly offer quite a bit of vegetarian dishes as well such as veggie burgers, veggie plates and more. They also have a South of The Border selection which kinda threw me off a little since I wasn't expecting it. I couldn't decide on something so I decided to go with the old standby of a cheeseburger but jazzed it up by getting a Pimento Cheeseburger with mashed sweet potatoes. Great burger all in all but it could've used a bun the size of the patty and you can't go wrong with mashed sweet potatoes. We all split a piece of the Chocolate Pecan Pie which was rich and delicious. I know some people have described it as comfort food, Southern fare, etc but I really don't know what I would classify it as.I do know I had a great meal (VERY reasonable prices) with great service while enjoying a beautiful night on the patio so I would head back to try something more "comforting" next time.
2	Where did the old Dish go??None of the old staff, none of the old personality, the only reason I went here tonight is that the Penguin wait was much too long.Waited at the door for 10 min before we were even acknowledged.Once seated waited another 10 before someone even said hi to us at the table. That was when I decided to skip the meal, got just a beer, and got out for fear of further disappointment. Most of the staff looks like lost puppy dogs..It sucks,  I used to love this place. Come back to us old Dish, wherever you have gone.
5	So for me.... This place is the best!!!  I've been going to dish on a weekly basis after rugby practice and have formed the best bond with the waitress!  The food is great, the wait staff friendly and don't mind soaking wet workout attire!!!  Their menu is a little bit of home cooking in the heart of plaza midwood!  My fave is the burrito, but have a killer burger selection and vegan options!  For those who have a fancier taste their menu does include a variety of fish and meats as well as other seafood options.   Their sides are of a good variety as well and reasonable pricing all around.  The decor is that of it's name sake... There's dishes all over the wall and even some paint by numbers sets which are displayed with grandeur!  for those interested in eating in the elements there is a nice outdoor patio with christmas lights still hanging!  On the second "floor" there is a nice bar area and more seating, and the art is picked out by one of the waittresses and all for sale.  I have actually bought some interesting artsy fartsy stuff there as well! I know it's definitely worth checking out and supporting Plaza Midwood!
4	Watched the episode where Dish was featured on Diners Drive ins and Dives, so I had to check it out.  It was a Friday night (8ish) we were seated very quickly, not crowded at all.  Service was excellent, our server was pleasant and our food didn't take long from order to table.  I ordered the salmon cakes, collard greens n mac n cheese.  Salmon cakes had a dollop of some EXCELLENT orange honey butter and were cooked perfectly w/an excellent crispy on the outside texture, collards were very fresh tasting and a good tender texture, the mac n cheese....well let's say I was very disappointed ...dry, not creamy or cheesy at all.  My friend ordered the country fried steak which I did get a taste of and was very pleased.  LOVE the fresh biscuit and deviled egg! Both were fantastic! I also ordered the strawberry crumb pie (to go) which I haven't tried yet...I will in a few minutes tho :)  all in all I will def be back!!
3	Want a chill place to hang out with buddies?  This is the place.  Come in for vegetarian dishes as well as stick to your rib meals.  Love the concept of a biscuit with honey with every meal! I ordered the veggie combo with squash cassarole, mashed sweet potatoes, and macaroni and cheese.  Although nothing was AMAZING it's good, fast, and cheap!  The selection is great too!
3	Allow me to go ahead and dish on Dish. Dish is indeed A-OK in my book. With kitschy decor, down home grub and solid service, Dish is a solid choice for an affordable and tasty fare in Plaza Midwood. Hubs and I rolled into Dish after three failed attempts at other local restaurants on a Saturday evening. I was not in the mindset to wait an HOUR for a table, so Dish is where we landed!We grabbed an affordable drink at the bar and waited about 10 minutes for our table - that's a score at 8 pm on a Saturday night. The menu is filled with a variety of options ranging from Fried Green Tomatoes, to Pot Roast, to Shrimp and Grits. While it's definitely not a low cal location, Dish has a variety of dishes that will please just about any palate. Our server was kind and quick to offer suggestions for both appetizer and main course. We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes. Overall, not a bad dish. Small fried greenies with a tangy dill dipping sauce. I was hoping for more flavor in the breading - from what I could tell it was just flour and egg...no pepper, no additional spices, etc. About 15 minutes later I dug into my Chicken & Dumplings - a moderate and well priced portion of the milky soup stuffed with long bits of shredded chicken and hearty dumplings. It was well made and hearty - but again, it was lacking flavor. Boatloads of pepper were added. For my side, I chose the sweet potato mash which was indeed sweet - almost too sweet for my liking! And that's saying quite a bit. The gratis honey biscuit and deviled egg really were stars of the meal, though! The biscuit came out warm with a honey glaze...I promptly devoured my biscuit in 30 seconds flat. YUM. The deviled egg was super fresh and perfectly crafted. So, while Dish wasn't the greatest meal I've ever had it was comforting, solid and very affordable. If I find myself in a pinch next time I'm in PM, Dish is on my short list.
4	Ahh Dish, there's something about a place that mixes a Southern Grandma's charm with a tattoed-hipster vibe in the trendy neighborhood of Plaza Midwood.  Patterned plastic tablecloths and floral-themed china plates hung on the wall contrast with a long beer bar complete with neon signage that is tucked in the upper backhand corner of this otherwise unassuming building.In this study of contrasts, however, the food is distinctly Southern.  That means leave the calorie-counter at home.  Meatloaf, Chicken and dumplings, salmon cakes, and chicken salad are all regulars here.  I am partial to the creamy tomato soup with half sandwich, myself, but everything is served in ample portion sizes and no dining companion of mine has had any major complaints with their fare.  Even the sides- everything from green beans to sweet potato mash, are served with Southern flair (which usually means plenty of butter and salt).  Don't miss the biscuit and deviled egg that come with most entrees.  The lunch time crowd, a regular Charlotte mix of ties in tightly pressed white shirts and those with a swath of purple hair and multiple piercings, is yet another mash up that just seems to work- service is fast and non-fussy.  I rarely wait more than a couple minutes for a table but the place always seems full.  Great place to take out of town guests- if not for the mix of people then for the Southern kitsch the fills every corner.  In many ways, this restaurant is the epitome of Plaza Midwood- old Southern roots with the vibe of the young and trendy pulsing throughout.  The bottom line is this place is affordable and tasty- 2 things that should never contrast.  Luckily for Dish, they go hand in hand.
4	It seems that restaurants in Plaza Midwood never live up to their hype (read: The Penguin), but that doesn't deter me from trying them.  Long before "home cooking" was a novelty in CLT, I was eating grandpa's fatback and potato salad without a hint of irony. I know comfort food when I taste it and The Dish comes pretty darn close.I went around 1:30 PM in a predictable lull and order the Blackened Chicken, mac n cheese, and green beans.  They serve the chicken with "dixie caviar"- black eyed pea and corn salsa.   The biscuit was most awesome-fluffy, buttery goodness and the mac n cheese tasted homemade.  Mmm mmm. The food was well seasoned, except the green beans, and our server was friendly and attentive. So why not 5 stars?  Like Will H. noted, The Dish banks on blending old South and trendy Plaza Midwood icons.  Yeah the food looks like something your granny cooked, but the craft beer selection and tatted servers remind you you're not in Kansas (or should I say Podunk, NC?) anymore.  There are still home cooking places all over CLT that do a comparable job of serving "home cooking", with less fanfare and bigger portions.  The Dish is a good choice, but I've just "been there, done that" with home cooking.
3	Dish - local, comfort food, low key atmosphere and good location in the heart of Plaza Midwood. My first visit to Dish was good and I look forward to returning. Great place to go when you have no where else to go or are sitting in a car wondering where to go. Usually never a long wait and the staff moves quickly and are friendly. The food was OK. The theme of the evening was not enough seasoning in all areas. Don't get me wrong...not bad, but the difference between 3 and 4 stars for me. Started with the fried green tomatoes and they were OK, though the dill horseradish sauce was great! Was going between the meatloaf and pot roast. Saw SO MANY orders of the meatloaf pass me by, but decided on the pot roast instead. Came out with pot roast and gravy, as well as some mashed potatoes and a side. Went with the mac & cheese. The pot roast had good flavor with the gravy, though the mac & cheese and "potato scoop" were less to be desired. Added salt & pepper to everything. The biscuit was really good and just came out of the oven, and who doesn't love a deviled egg! Will I be returning...you bet! It's cheap and the food is good. Looking forward to the meatloaf next time! Oh yeah...$2 PBR!
5	Can you really go wrong with a restaurant that serves deviled eggs and a biscuit with almost everything?  This is one of my top recommendations in the Plaza Midwood area. Try the Salmon Patties! and Mac N Cheese!
3	I pass through Charlotte at least a couple times per year, typically around the holidays, and usually meet up with friends to grab a bite to eat.  Tonight, we ended up in Plaza Midwood (a small neighborhood with trendy eateries) at Dish.  Dish is a casual Southern restaurant with a laid back atmosphere, friendly staff, and reasonably priced food.The restaurant has a bit of an old school Southern feel to it with its small wooden tables and chairs, vinyl tablecloths, and retro signage and decor.  The menu features Southern staples such as chicken and dumplings, meatloaf, shrimp and grits, and a pot roast.  They also serve Mexican items (burritos and quesadillas) and sandwiches.I was drawn to their BBQ sliders appetizer because it included three sliders with a choice of three sauces: eastern NC (vinegar based), SC (mustard based), and "Chicago" (sweet tomato based).  I asked for one slider with each sauce.  Each slider had pulled pork with the sauce poured on top, inside of a biscuit with a pickle on top.  The plate was served with a small sample of Carolina-style cole slaw (vinegar, no mayo).  There was not as much meat as I hoped and while the biscuits were good, there was too high of a bread-to-meat ratio for my liking.Like other Southern restaurants, Dish offers vegetable plates.  Each vegetable plate comes with a biscuit, glazed on top with honey, and a deviled egg.  I tried the mac and cheese, squash casserole, and mashed sweet potatoes.  The noodles in the mac and cheese were your typical small sized mac and cheese noodles (like you make at home).  Good texture and not too oily.  Squash casserole tasted homemade (in a good way).  Not a huge fan of the mashed sweet potatoes, but you could tell they were freshly mashed sweet potatoes and not processed.  Check out my photos to see the food.Our server was Mollie and she provided good service.  The food came out fast.  The restaurant has a bar in the back and also has a bunch of unique paintings.  Not sure if they are for sale, but they were interesting to look at.  There's plenty of free parking in the open lot across the street from the entrance.
2	I'm not from the South, so you may say I'm crazy and chalk this review up to, "she's a Yankee", but Dish didn't impress this girl.Let's start out on a high note, though, shall we? The potato cakes were seriously delicious...I had honestly never heard of (much less tried) one of these delectables before coming to Dish (I know, I know...Yankee), and was...well, I can't say pleasantly surprised, because there's nothing surprising about something in the mashed potato family being yummy, but was delighted nonetheless. It was all down-hill from there...There was nothing horribly and obviously wrong with the meal...let me say that up front. Well, service kinda sucked, but as far as the food goes, it wasn't overtly awful. It was...hmm, how do I explain this? You know when you were a kid, and you'd go to your friend's house for dinner, and their mom would cook, and you'd eat the food because it was there and you knew you were supposed to, but all you kept thinking the whole time was how it just wasn't how your mom made it? That's something akin to how I felt about Dish -- it was passable, but the whole time I kept thinking that I could get better pot roast almost anywhere else (such as Jar restaurant in L.A...now THAT is pot roast!!). Overall it was just sub-par...like they had somebody's mom in the kitchen making it. I love moms, don't get me wrong....but moms aren't chefs! They're moms. I expect higher quality and better presentation from a chef that I'm paying for my food.I'm willing to give it another chance...like I said, perhaps I'm being too harsh (living in a city with some of the best cuisine in the country spoils me, I know), but I personally think Dish needs to step up their game. Who says comfort food can't be exquisitiely prepared and superbly delicious? Not me!
4	This place is certainly no five star restaurant, and it doesn't try to be. It is incredably good homecooking that everyone's grandma used to make. That in its self is very sellable to a broad range of folks, count me in as one of them. Scatch this off as a solid 4.5Service is eh... pretty much that of a diner. Nothing insanelyly spectacularr food came out hot and fast and let me ell you their soup hit the spit. It was a hearty broth- based white bean and porktastic offering. A cup of that and a couple o bites of that collars dip and i was good to go. Note to dish: y'all need bacon in your green beans
5	A great experience at Dish.  Fellow yelper BJ S and I decided to go there last night for a late dinner (was my first experience here).  I love the non chain type restaurants, where there is just a great feel when you walk inside, the decor, the lighting, the people - just feels right!  Plus, you can buy the art off the walls, made by local artists; it really is a really unique experience.  The food was awesome - I had the salmon cakes, squash casserole and rice.  All 3 were really quite amazing - I love the home cooking feel to the place, and you get very generous portions.  The wait staff was really friendly, letting us sit wherever we wanted, near the heaters or by the windows and the service overall was very attentive.  A great experience - I will definitely be back!
4	First time here and choose this place from Yelp. Ordered the special for today, Jerk Mahi-Mahi with a blueberry and vanilla cream sauce and side of collard greens and mashed sweet potatoes. And mustn't forget the Ice Pick, sweet tea with vodka,  to wash everything down.DELICIOUS!!!! Thank you yelpers for recommending!
4	I guess I forgot to write a real review for Dish after my initial visit (which was two plus years ago, wow!  time flies).Having now been to Dish plenty of times, I've come to know it as a reliable standby for a good wholesome dinner or lunch.  They have pretty good drink specials most nights, and a basic menu full of country classics.I especially like the Chicken and dumplings, and the put together a good BLT sandwich where the tomatoes are fried green ones.Another favorite of ours at Dish is the veggie combo plate.  I always get the smoky lima beans, which are creamy and delicious.If you're a dessert fan, try their key lime pie, which is fantastic.Dish is just one more factor in Plaza Midwood's greatness.
5	After six months back in the CLT, I think I'm finally coming to terms with the seemingly new Charlotte cuisine item that is the "Veggie Plate."  I've been to a number of places now where one of the vegetarian options is listed as the Veggie Plate (choice of 3 veggie sides or 4 veggie sides).  Out of principal, I've never ordered one since I've always been a little annoyed by the idea that vegetarians must only eat sides, but last night, at Dish for the first time, I caved.Mac and cheese (delicious), squash casserole (unidentifiably delicious), and stewed tomatoes and okra (that tasted just like my mom's veggie soup) were accompanied by Dish's signature deviled egg and biscuit.  I give up.  I give up to you, Veggie Plate.  Because you are, in certain mood, truly delicious.I appreciate that Dish treats the Veggie Plate as a legitimate entree and allows its biscuit and deviled egg to accompany it (as the biscuit is one of the best I've ever had).  I also appreciate that Dish has a number of other veg-friendly options on the menu.  Husband ordered the tomato soup and grilled pimento cheese sandwich (he can't resist that pairing), and both were excellent.  I'm so relieved they make an in-house veggie burger (seriously... there's no excuse not to), and I can't resist anything with black beans (the nachos look fantastic), so I imagine we'll be returning to Dish to sample some of the other menu items.(Good prices, too, and the decor is classic old school North Carolina.)
4	Had the pot roast today covered in delicious brown gravy. Perfect food for a cold day and an empty stomach!  The portion was big and it was well seasoned and moist.  Service was prompt despite a near packed house.  Thumbs up!
4	Dish has been one of my go-to restaurants since it opened.  The atmosphere is fun and funky.  The staff are helpful and attentive.  The food is almost uniformly good across a broad array of southern favorites and very reasonably priced.I'll just list some of my favorites.  I have three most common orders.  The first is the chicken and dumplings, which is mostly big shreds of white meat chicken in a thick gravy with dumplings.  It comes with two sides, a deviled egg, and a biscuit (lightly brushed with honey butter and DELICIOUS - now I'm drooling).  My second is the chicken livers (also with two sides, egg, and a biscuit).  The livers are dusted in cornmeal and cooked on the griddle with skewers.  They normally come with a remoulade, but I prefer the beef gravy, which they happily provide.  My last favorite is the cajun meatloaf, which comes with mashed potatoes, brown gravy, and a spicy catchup top.  They have a significant section for vegetarians, including a spinach salad with a smoked, sun-dried tomato vinaigrette that you would swear has bacon in it, a burger, a burrito, a quesadilla, soups, and the infamous veggie plate.  Their selection of veggies is quite extensive, and thankfully avoids gratuitous meat.  My favorites are the squash casserole (onions, cheese, breadcrumbs baked with big squash chunks), carrots (sweet and tender), and whatever smoky vegetable they may have on special.  If you are looking for someplace comfortable, filling, satisfying, and unpretentious, Dish will probably fit the bill.
2	This might be one of those places that were good prior to getting too much attention from the media and the public. The biscuits are good but the much hyped deviled eggs are bland and so are the mashed potatoes and the mac&cheese. The service was decent but the bar staff of managing their red wines. The atmosphere is nice and fun but the food is definitely overrated.
4	Stopped in for an early dinner one Saturday.  I had seen the restaurant on DDD and had been wanting to visit since I moved down here.  And I finally got it on my calendar.Things were pretty quiet when I arrived at 4:30pm.  It is apparently seat yourself as I stood at the cash register for about a minute before the hostess slid a menu across the counter and told me to seat my self.  Please don't be mad hostess lady, I would have been happy to seat myself if you had a sign...I grabbed a table and perused the menu to pick my side.  I had already decided that I was getting the chicken and dumplings, but I didn't know what to put with it.  There are at least 15 sides for you to choose from and I settled on the squash casserole.It took less than minutes for my food to arrive.  The chicken and dumplings were fantastic.  There was a ton of chicken and I loved the amount of black pepper in the mix (Note:  It may be a little strong for some people).  The squash casserole was not quite what I expected, but was still good.  It had a much more pureed consistency than I was expecting, but it was still pretty good.  The biscuit was okay.  Not the best biscuit I've had, but it served a purpose in scraping the bowl when I was done.I'll come back.  I can eat that chicken and dumplings all day long.  Service was passable, nothing spectacular.  I'll sit at the counter next time.
3	I've been to dish several times but have never been blown away with the food or service. It seems that the owner must be trying hard to make an impression but the rest of the staff just isn't. I've gotten the chicken and dumplings a few times but like Chad said they just lack the flavor you're looking for in a good chicken and dumplings. The mac and cheese is actually a pretty good side. The cheese is there. Never been a fan of deviled eggs so can't really comment there. The parking can be difficult at times since this location is on Thomas street and Thomas street only has one good lot across from dish that it shares with people that are eating at Penguin and Zada Janes. Overall good but not amazing. I've heard that if you are really looking for AMAZING chicken and dumplings that The Fresh House in Locust is amazing. I still have yet to try it but I hear some 80 year old grandmother makes them fresh every other weekend.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in CLT.  I have not had a thing I didn't like there.  Plus, their chocolate pecan pie; stuff of the gods.
4	This joint has replaced Loopies as my favorite Queen City restaurant. The vegetables are traditional Southern comfort/soul while being vegetarian friendly, as they are not cooked in meat broth, a practive which is so prevalent in the south. The ambiance is young & hip and the portions are huge for such a small price.  Do not miss this restaurant.
5	A youthful and hip approach to classic southern cooking and a full bar make Dish one of my favorite spots in the city.  I have enjoyed every menu item and have to say you really can't go wrong.  But my favorite is the country fried steak.  The sides are all fantastic too.  The best part is that every entree comes with a deviled egg and a biscuit.  The service is always impeccable and everything is priced very reasonably considering the size of the portions.
4	i had the cajun meatloaf or something. it was awesome.  the sides and stuff were pretty good...but this meatloaf was great. service was a bit slow and kinda not friendly. not unfriendly, but just not friendly. thus the 4 stars. the meatloaf is 6 stars
4	Ok, in all fairness I need to update my review, again.Since my last review I have kept coming back, hoping for my old favorite to show it's true colors again. And it did. Maybe a transitional period??Either way, I love the Dish. They have recently changed the menu, only a little. Adding biscuits & gravy and a few other little things I believe. Chicken and dumplings  consistently puts me into a food coma. Service has gotten a lot better, noticed some people are gone, others are always there. Corey is a great waitress, super friendly and always perfect service.
4	I have heard great things about Dish and FINALLY went to check it out last Friday.  Honestly, you cannot beat the prices!!  The food gives you that home cooked hearty meal feeling that just makes your taste buds feel grateful.  I had the meatloaf and my boyfriend had the salmon patties.  Both were absolutely mouth watering.  We usually split our dishes, but we both didn't feel like sharing the goodness :) We will definitely be coming back as soon as possible and will update on my next dish at Dish!
4	Just went to lunch here last week. I was very impressed, and my husband had a big lunch, but came with me, and Still kept eating off my plate..it was that good! I had the roast beef; every bite was great! I generally like a lighter brown gravy, but this darker gravy grew on me..it wasn't overly salty! The biscuit and my sides of mashed potatoes and mac n chz were both very good, as well. The biscuit does need a bit of honey (just ask your server for some), as most good homemade biscuits do--they are made to be a "background" to homemade jams, honey, etc that you layer on them, in the South. Will def be back to eat at Dish, the next time we visit N.C.!
4	The Dish is a wonderful restaurant.  They have a fantastic representation of southern food and it is a great spot to visit for any foodie.I went here for my last birthday celebration in Charlotte.  For an appetizer we had fried green tomatoes, and I had the chicken and dumplings.  Simply delicious.  It's hard to pick from the menu because all their dishes are great!
3	Dish was definitely a Charlotte destination after seeing it on TV. Chicken and dumplins is one of my favorite Southern dishes, so how could I pass up an opportunity to partake of it at a DDD eatery?The food is affordable, the vibe is casual, and the service is great. They also have a nice variety of alcohol to choose from. They do local beers, a few wines, and some mixed drinks; just enough to pair with your simple grub.Dish's menu is fairly straightforward, with mostly Southern dishes and a handful of unique options. I went with the C&D with a side of macaroni and cheese. Every dish comes with a biscuit and a deviled egg.The deviled egg was somewhat bland, but creamy. The biscuit was very buttery and soft on the inside, but it was a bit dry on the exterior. The macaroni and cheese was really creamy, but it lacked a cheesy and hearty flavor.The poultry and pastry was disappointing. The dumplings were extremely tough, almost doughy, and the little amount of chicken in the stew was somewhat bland. I enjoyed the well-seasoned stew a lot, but the stuff inside was sub-par.The bourbon-vanilla sweet potato pie was pretty good and unique. It was a thick and tall slice with a pecans and glaze on top with a really rich and sweet crust. I wish the crust was a little less gummy and sweet and more crumbly. The flavor of the filling itself was spot on.This joint definitely offers some classic Southern fare,  but the preparation and textures could use some work. I went at an off-time, so maybe I caught the bad end of the kitchen, but I did not think my meal was particularly special.
5	The epitome of good comfort food. Has a slightly funky vibe in keeping with it's Plaza Midwood feel. Clientele runs the gamut - From the body piercing crowd to the suburban family of 4 . Red checkered tablecloths aplenty. The Cajun meatloaf is highly recommended. The mandatory deviled eggs are a nice touch.
1	I've only been to Dish one time, but I will not be going back.My boyfriend & I went in sometime during the week around 5:30 / 6 PM.  We had to wait about 5 minutes for a table, of which we were seated in the corner (after several tables / booths were open). Ok, I get it, I know about the waiter / waitress rotation.  Well, after sitting 5 more minutes, we were passed over by a teenage / early 20s waiter who clearly was helping all his tables, just not ours.  Finally, a manager came over & got our drink order (& our food order, since we were prepared). So we sat & sat & sat...STILL waiting to get acknowledged by our waiter. Wait...Wait...Wait...It took our food about 20 minutes to come out...SERIOUSLY?! I got salmon cakes & macaroni & cheese & deviled eggs.  My boyfriend got the pork chops.  I have NO idea why it took so long.The food was horrible. I hardly ate any of it. STILL no acknowledgement from our waiter or anyone else for that matter.Finally, I had to go back this manager & ask for our bill so we could pay & get the heck out of there.  Oh, guess who finally decided to show his face? ...yeah, our waiter.  I went & told the manager what happened & he just kind of shrugged & said he was sorry. Will I give Dish another chance?Nope.
4	Only visited twice but both times have been great.  This last time I decided to try their buffalo chicken salad and it was awesome, grilled spicy buffalo chicken, tomatoes and red onions on a bed of spinach leaves with blue cheese dressing....YUM!!  The only thing that would have been an improvement would have been if they would have chilled the salad prior to serving.  I just prefer cold greens and accoutrements.  As always the biscuits are awesome and I don't get biscuits in Charlotte anymore hardly so when I can....I do :)
5	Not sure why the rating on this place is so low, but I LOVED this place!  I got a special that isn't on their current menu - tilapia fillet with some type of berry sauce.  DELICIOUS.  The mac and cheese was awesome too - your typical southern mac and cheese.  The chocolate pecan pie was awesome too.  Left the place in that happy-food-coma state.... would recommend to anyone who is looking for a hearty, "home-cooked" meal.
5	Amazing food! My BF took me here during my first weekend trip to Charlotte and it was sooo yummy.  I had the chicken and dumplings and fried potato cakes. The service and atmosphere were really great as well. I really liked to fusion of southern cooking and cajun and the fact I could get a delicious beer to go with my delicious food!
4	Really good food. My wife and I ate here today for lunch and unlike some of the other reviews got great food and service. I ordered the country fried steak with a side of chili and mashed potatoes. My wife ordered the chicken and dumplings and i was impressed by both meals. Both were made in house fresh to order and came out steaming. The cook actually brought the food out and everyone seemed concerned whether we like it or not which we loved. Our waitress was awesome and never left are drinks empty. For such a good meal and getting out of there only spending 26 dollars including tip i think that this is a wonderful spot to grab a meal.
1	The table was dirty when we sat down. My boyfriend found a hair in his bbq burrito. The hair was nearly 7 inches long- no exaggeration. My fried fish sandwish was extremely uninteresting on a non-toasted roll with a TINY piece of unripened tomato and a single lettuce leaf- the tartar sauce wasn't very good. After I watched him pull the hair out of his mouth I had to stop eating as well. The waiter never came to see if our food was ok- no one did. For about 15 minutes we sat there not eating, leaned back from our plates talking, waiting. Our server came up to a table near ours and started telling them he was the best waiter there and when he finished talking to them he walked away without even looking at our table. Finally another server came to clear our plates, we told her about the hair. She apologized but said nothing about my almost whole sandwich, she just took away the plates. When the bill came of course the burrito was removed but that wasn't enough considering how horrible everything was.
4	We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes.   Very good, served with an excellent horseradish dill sauce. I had the Shrimp & Grits, which were very good.  My partner had the Chicken & Dumplings, which were Awesome!Split decision on the Mac & Cheese, He liked it, I liked it more.No debate on the Collard Greens or Homemade Biscuits....Awesome!The Deviled Eggs were a bit disappointing.  Not bad, but compared to every thing else, they tasted like an after-thought that had been hanging around for a while.  We were told all the deserts are homemade so we got the Vanilla Bourbon Sweet Potato Pie to go.  It was a little on the sweet side, but very, very good.The service was efficient & friendly.  We are definitely looking forward to going back again.
4	Southern food should make you happy, it should as my friend Arry S. puts it so plainly, "it's like being hugged... from the inside out." Dish does that, you can only feel like the happy slowly filling you from the inside out.  I mean look, it's a simple location, a diner, by all traits.  It's not Johnny Rockets diner, it's the corner, hole in the wall diner, that you bring a girlfriend, wife, or someone you care about, for food that you wished your mom cooked every day for you.  In a bowl of warmth, you find yourself knee deep in Tomato Soup, a creamy, buttery, tangy, gritty all-in-one smart dish. Served with a buttermilk biscuit, brushed with butter, you can't ask for more for a starter.  The Chicken and Dumplings is that little slice of goodness, it's like the stuff your mother decided, to reward herself, but thought you might like it also.  The chicken was tender, and the dumplings were nicely done.  The Mac and Cheese, was the kind you find in Southern Cooking.  It's not the creamy kind you find in the fridge section, but the made-by-some-person-in-your-kitchen-sensibility and taste.  You may want some crazy cheese sauce, but this is the kind that makes you realize, they make it the way you make it at home, but just a little bit better. Okay, I'm not from the south, but I have been to every state in the US.  There are great foods out there, and really, this places shows that you don't have to execute gastro-etymology, to show case, the simple home like flavors that make this place a must visit.
4	Love the comfort food here.  Had the fried chicken special two nights ago and it was fantastic.  Previously I've had their Chicken and dumplings which are to die for.  Deviled eggs come withe entrees but are a little flavorless.  Everything else I've had here rocksCan't beat the cheap beer on tap either.
4	Went to this place because it was featured on drive ins, diners, and dives. Cool decor/ambiance on the inside, and looks like a plain Jane diner on the outside. Based off the show, We split the chicken and dumplings, and the pot roast. Neither were OUTSTANDING, but they were good. They did have a cool beer selection and the prices were good.I'd go again and try something else. Pretty eclectic place. Service was 'on point' as guy would say....
4	Have to say I went here during a recent visit to Charlotte based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed!  From the location to the staff to the clientele.... it was all very colorful and interesting. But as for the food, well, the fried green tomatoes which are an all time favorite of mine, were superb. My friend had the hot pimento dip and friends let me tell you, I do not like pimento cheese... but this dip... well bring it on, will have it again the next time!  She also ordered the shrimp & grits and they were also to die for!  I ordered a bowl of collard & bean soup and must say that the flavor was all there but it was extremely salty and I love salt!  I ate the collards & beans, but left most of the broth. OH, I almost forgot, the biscuits.... soooooo light and fluffy.... could have filled up on those alone!  Would go back in a heartbeat!
3	Dish, You have been on my list for a while! So in true Southern style I decided to make my sister venture to try this place last night. While she is a northern girl in every good way, I figured it would be something fun and different. You can't find chicken and dumplings or sweet tea in Jersey City! I love the location- Plaza Midwood, I feel like this part of town always has fun things for me to explore. Walking into Dish- I get your name as dishes line the walls. Not my  style, but hey I'm a sucker for a theme! We were seated in a back corner at a cozy table at the upper level. My sister was shocked at how good the unsweetened ice tea was, I didn't try any but I'll take her word for it. I ordered the chicken and dumplings... I mean when in Rome! Katie ordered the salmon cakes. It probably wasn't the best choice for a gluten free diet, but we did find out they don't cook any of their food in pork fat ( an added plus ).Our food came out very quickly for a busy night, everything was pretty good, a tad bland, but that may just be because Southern food isn't my personal fav. My mac and cheese side was loaded with cheese and Katie's mashed sweet potatoes were sweet, but had more flavor. Our sever was one of my favorite parts! He was wonderful. Really nice,funny, and quick, he checked in a few times, but didn't stalk our table. He even opened the door for us on our way out... While I'm not a fan or Southern Food, I'll take Southern  hospitality whenever I can.
4	Dish is AMAZING... sometimes.The problem with Dish is that the quality of the food varies greatly.   The first time my wife and I ate here we fell in love with the place.  In subsequent visits the food has ranged from great to ... mediocre.I'm sticking with 4 stars here because the BBQ pulled pork sandwich is always fantastic, and it is my favorite dish.   The squash casserole can be great on a good day, or bland on a bad day.The pot roast has been pretty awesome on a regular basis.  And the meatloaf is good.Service is a great, and the ambiance is pretty cozy during quiet times, and even fairly pleasant when the place is hopping.Oh, and the biscuits are some of the best in Charlotte.This restaurant really needs to do some quality control on their kitchen.   If they were at their best all the time, I would easily give them 5 stars.
5	Three words: Spicy Cajun Meatloaf.Super fast, friendly service at a reasonable price. Tried the meatloaf and chicken fried steak. Both were excellent. Definitely going back.
3	Friends always push me to go to the Dish. I always ask myself, why are you so fond of their "Southern homestyle cooking?" It's a part of that whole Central Ave corridor of restaurants like Penguin and The Diamond. We'll call it great just because of their location. Absolutely not. Every time I walk into the place, I laugh. I literally laugh out loud because of how tacky it feels. I know you're on Central Ave and want to get that artsy and we've character unlike everyone else. Please, there isn't a hint of character in the place. You're probably saying, who cares it's an unpretentious place, it's the food you go for and the price. Keep telling yourself that.The servers on the other hand are great. I have no complaints with them. They helped us as soon as we started looking at the menu and we received our drinks in a timely manner. The place was probably three-quarters filled and on a holiday. The menu is fairly standard and has your staple southern dishes hinted throughout the appetizers to the entrees. Nothing special. And I almost feel that for the location, the price for the appetizers would be a little more reasonable. What do I know though? We all ordered our food and I decided to go for something different this time. I got the Chicken & Dumplings the last time I was here, so I went for the meatloaf hoping for something more enticing than flour and cream of chicken. That's what the C&Ds taste like if you were wondering. Bland and tasteless. Apparently a lot of people like them, but if I had the choice I'd take the Swanson C&Ds. THAT good, my friends. Back to my meatloaf. This is how it was prepared; mash a bunch of ground beef, add no seasoning, cook in oven, dip and cover in tomato sauce, plop it on a scoop of mashed potatoes, and add a dash of cilantro on top. The meatloaf wasn't at all what I had expected. I was expecting more flavor for them to actually call it Cajun. There was no cajun seasoning, onion, celery, garlic, or cayenne peppers. I'm not even sure if I tasted the essential Worcestershire sauce. Mashed potatoes were decent I'll admit. Potato salad, eh. Deviled egg, eh too. Biscuit I enjoyed, but maybe because my mind hoped it could enjoy something from the meal. I didn't enjoy the price that went along with the food either. I know this place is locally owned and operated and is a part of Charlotte history and culture. It just feels that they are taking advantage of that and laugh quietly to themselves for each hungry customer that comes in. I honestly expect better because of that history. They are there for a reason, but not for their food lately. Customers need to wake up and realize that the Dish has greater potential.
3	Hit and miss.
5	Dish is in my top five favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Been coming here for years. The food is fresh and always delicious. Southern food with a new twist.Atmosphere is super cozy and decor is eclectic and cute. Back dining room and bar area features local artists' work on display (big ups to that!).My favorite dish to get at Dish is the veggie plate! Great selection of vegetarian friendly southern sides. I recommend the squash casserole over anything, but also highly enjoy: smokey lima beans, collard greens, mashed potatoes, and mac n cheese. Plates are served with deviled egg and the best homemade biscuit you'll ever have. If ordering an appetizer, make sure you check out the fried green tomatoes... they are to die for. Served with a dill dipping sauce that will blow your mind.
3	Another re-review of one of my fav hood joints. This one not sooo good. First off tried the new brunch on Saturdays, they only serve the eggs 2 ways. fried or scrambled. (at least at that time) We went with my father in-law and he asked for his eggs over medium. The answer from our waitress was "NO", not sorry we only are serving eggs this way right now because the kitchen is getting used to it. No, we got a big fat NO. To this day when I go back, and it is frequent (at least once a week) if I ever get her as a server I ask to be moved sections. Otherwise I echo my previous reviews, Chick & dumplings is great, Cajun meatloaf is hit or miss depending on who made it. I have had it super spicy, and I have had it with no spice (and left disappointed) .So over all love the place, some servers are iffy, front hostess stand is always chaos when its busy. I have almost gotten in 2 arguments with other patrons because we were sat before them but they had been there longer?? Not my fault, more attention needs to be paid to the front of the restaurant when they get busy. Very rarely do they ever have a wait list, where they take your name, its just kinda done by feel. Which has apparently angered at least 2 regular customers because I was sat before them, to the point where I felt uncomfortable going back to my staple lunch spot for over a month. Again, not my fault. Fix the front of house, have some sort of wait system when its busy, and I will keep coming back. But I walked out tonight because some preppy older couple decided to pick a fight with me b/c I was attempted to be seated before them.Again, blame front of house not me. DISH FIX FRONT OF HOUSE STAFF, I LOVE EVERYTHING ELSE!!!PS. Especially Corey, best waitress in CLT
3	The idea of this place is good in theory, but I have to say it doesn't really meet expectations. The fried green tomatoes were not at all as good as I expected for a place that specializes in southern cuisine. The chicken and dumplings were good as were the deviled egg and biscuit... And the pies, yum!
4	I've been here twice now, and Dish is quickly becoming one of my favorite places when I need some gold ol' fashioned comfort food.My first trip here I had the country fried steak and my partner had the chicken and dumplings.  The steak was quite tasty, but the mashed potatoes that came with it were to DIE for!  They were had some skins in the them, and they had great potato flavor (I can't think of a better way to describe them).  The entrees come with their deviled eggs, which are quite good (if you like them).  The next visit I had the fried green tomatoes, and I am told the horseradish dill is some of the best sauce to dip them in.  My last visit, I had the shrimp and grits, which have the potential to be completely wonderful.  The grits themselves were a little bland, but the shrimp, sausage, and sauce were all wonderful.  I've also had the chocolate pecan pie for dessert, which was yummy.  The decorating theme here is country dinner/industrial, which is an interesting combination.  The decor is quite eclectic, but it's warm and inviting.  The service has always been pretty good here.If you're looking for a bit of comfort, I highly recommend this place.
4	This year I really want to try to knock out a lot of local restaurants. The first one on my list was Dish, mainly because my dad was in town and he is very much a "country diner" guy. We went for lunch he ordered pork chops since I was paying -_- and I went with the chicken & dumplings. Let this be known, I only went with the chicken & dumplings because I do not like them and the fellow yelpers made me want to "eat" my words. Our food came out and the first thing I noticed were the large portions, it was a ton of food for lunch. I dug right into the chicken & dumplings and was amazed, they really are as good as reviewed. I am going to have a high standard for this dish whenever I eat them again, if I eat them anywhere else that is. For my side it was the squash casserole, it was interesting I have never had anything like it before. It was sweet, mushy and cheesy, I liked it. My dad loved his pork chops, even though before ordering he was complaining about the price. I feel like if you get huge portions that are good quality then price should not be a problem. I enjoyed Dish and look forward to dining here again in the future.
4	YUM!  Had the pleasure of dining at Dish several times and each time did not disappoint.  There's always a huge anticipation with me and southern food... maybe because I grew up a little (more) north, so my discovery of the goodness was much later and always gives me that same feeling of dread and awesomeness every time I think about it.My last visit, I had the cajun meatloaf.... the portion was gi-normous and I ate the entire thing (my mouth could not chew any faster).  Deviled eggs are one of my weaknesses in life.... good thing they are a side option item on the menu!Great location, right in the heart of things off of Thomas Street.  Last time I went there were a lot of families eating (not a bad thing), but it's great to see a place that everyone can enjoy!
3	Dish is one of the locally owned places that has plenty of character and quirkiness. One of the proprietors here also use to be part owner of the Milestone and  Tremont... so you can imagine that this place is going to be a little edgier than your standard southern diner. The first time I went there, everything was absolutely fabulous. The second visit didn't blow me away, but everything was solid.  I love comfort food so one of the biggest challenges for me is deciding what to order. On both visits, they offered great specials.  But being a southern girl, one of my fav childhood dishes was grandma's chicken & dumplings... and their version is good.If you are looking for a casual, affordable, comfort-food dining experience that isn't part of a big chain, this is a great option.  Its a great place to take out-of-town guests if you want them to experience a little local flavor.
4	Good food.  Enjoyed my collard greens and biscuit the most!  Definitely a good place to go if you are looking for comfort food!
2	I visited Dish on the saturday before Easter (April 7th) at the insistence of a former co-worker.  She had dined at Dish a couple times before and raved about their veggie plate.As someone who has grown up eating southern comfort food (i.e., macaroni&cheese, cornbread, meatloaf, chicken&dumplings, etc), I wasn't really interested in trying any of those dishes because I know I can get the real deal at home or at my grandma's.I was part of a group of eight dining, Dish makes sure that the entire party is together before they will allow you to be seated, so we started off at the bar. I ordered a fruity drink called 'gaybreeze' ($6) to pass the time. It was fruity and delicious (not too strong!) and the bartender served me promptly.After about 20 minutes, the entire party was available so we were seated. Incidentally, I was expecting Dish to be quite busy (because it was saturday evening after 7p.m.) but it wasn't. I decided on trying something that I wouldn't ordinarily get at home (or any other relatives' home) and that was the BLT with fried green tomatoes with vegetable soup.I was a bit disappointed for a couple reasons: (1) the BLT had a barely-there slice of fried green tomato and was stacked with bacon slices (2) the serving of vegetable soup took no more than five spoonfuls to finish. very, very small serving of soup.I would only recommend this place if you've never had southern comfort food at all. The only reason that I can grasp why this place has any 'hype' is because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  But if you want GOOD southern food, I'd recommend Mert's Heart & Soul in uptown.
4	9 times outta ten this place is awesome. the only time i have been dissapointed is when the owner isn't there. She may be owner or manager i am not sure but she has short hair wears sweats glasses and is super nice. the food is alway correct when she is there!
3	I get the impression that Dish is one of those places where the quality of the food depends on who's cooking on a given night. I've seen people on Yelp and heard people in real life rave about the chicken and dumplings, but when I went, they were super bland. I mean, I had to douse those things in salt and pepper. However, our waitress was super cool, and the collards I ordered on the side were tasty, so Dish gets three stars from me.
2	I wanted to love this place.  I really did.  But things just didn't work out between us  :(The other half and I popped in one evening recently since we were in the neighborhood.  He'd been there once before and had good things to say, so I said "heck yah man, let's go."  We both ordered the salmon patties.  Most southern establishments do a bang up job with those infamous little fish discs.   Not Dish.  They had the straaaangest flavor my taste buds have experienced in some time.  The mashed potatoes weren't MASHED, they were CLUMPED--big difference.  And oh dear Lord they were D-R-Y dry.  And to add insult to the proverbial injury, the mac-n-cheese was more like ick-n-cheese.  Clumpy.  Greasy.  Sad.Service was also substantially lacking.  There was NO ONE in the place except for a VERY FEW people in the back bar area, so one would expect to experience no wait time or not to have to hunt down a waitress for a refill.  Not so this evening.  I think she may have come by to check on us twice (which includes her taking the order).  In summary I experienced a very broken Dish and a bad taste left in my mouth (both literally and figuratively).  Neither one of us enjoyed our meal & wasted nearly $30.  HOWEVER I am willing to give them one more try.  Maybe this was just an ''off'' day.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  But next time better be HELLA yummy!!!
4	Nice place to go eat if you want some southern food cooking. The chicken n dumplings were awesome. Yum to the squash casserole too! Mac n cheese is fab. People sitting around me were getting the cajun meatloaf and I may just try that the next time. Overall this is great place for southern comfort food!
4	My girlfriend and I stopped by early last friday evening. It was our 1st time to dish so we looked over the menu and had some questions.  The waitress was very helpful and her suggestions were spot on. We started with the parmesan potato cakes.  I had no idea what to expect but they were delicious.  Flavorful "balls" of mashed potatos flavored just so and perfectly browned and crisped on the outside. I highly recommend these!  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and a bowl of creamy tomato soup and Cammi ordered the meatloaf sandwich w/ mac & cheese side.  My Chicken salad was as good as I've ever had. Chunky and flavorful with fresh tasty bread.  The tomato soup was super chunky and rich.  Not the best I've ever had but very good and a LARGE portion.  Cammi's meatloaf sandwich was delicious and I will be ordering that the next time I visit (and I will visit again). I ordered a slice of peanut butter pie to go since I was too full to eat it while we were there.  The peanut butter pie was very rich and yummy.  I will be ordering that again, I'm sure.  The food was awesome the service was outstanding and the prices reasonable.  I love the feel of the place as well.  A place where construction workers and hipsters could both enjoy a good meal and not feel out of place. The tab was about $30 not including tip.  Very reasonable for the great food and service.  I will be taking my parents when they visit from Nebraska in a few weeks as well as recommending Dish to all my friends.
3	Everything except the burritos are wonderful.  I have eaten at Dish several times and I have never been disappointed.  That is until I stopped in for lunch and had to wait 45 minutes for a chicken burrito.  The chicken was dry and the burrito was flavorless.  I will never, ever, ever get that again.  If you want the good stuff, stick to the cajun meatloaf, shrimp and grits, or pot roast.
2	Dish specializes in Southern\comfort foods with a "quirky" twist. Unfortunately, the quality of the food varies widely. My theory is that if the owner is there, the food's top-notch. But if she's not there, the kitchen slacks off in a really bad way. I've had the chicken & dumplings and thought it was great. I've had it other times and it was borderline awful. The Cajun meatloaf & mashed potatoes can be sublime; or the meatloaf can be greasy and the potatoes lumpy. The shrimp & grits can be absolutely delicious... but it can be nearly tasteless, too. The staff is usually pretty good, and are especially patient with our table (usually tables of 8 or 10), but they can have bad days, too. It's gotten to where I don't want to gamble on Dish when Midwood Smokehouse and The DIamond are in the same neighborhood, and are far more consistent.
3	Food was fabulous, but service not so much. Luckily, my chicken and dumplings was good enough to make up for my empty drink and rude server. My recommendation would be to order to-go, but this food is a must-try!!
5	DISH is another one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Absolutely love their Pot Roast entree, one of the best I have ever had.
4	We went here bc this place was featured on Diners, dives and drive-ins. I ordered the chicken and dumplings with mac n cheese. LOVED it!the waitress was not very attentive, and the place smelled a little funny.... but overall my experience was great and i would visit again.
4	Dish is a funky spot in Plaza Midwood that turns out great food including wonderful vegetables. Recently my mom and I had lunch here and truly enjoyed going meatless with the wide selection on the veggie menu. I particularly enjoyed the tomato soup and the green beans and the deviled egg and biscuit really added an extra touch. Dish also has plenty of options for carnivores including burgers (veggie available), sandwiches such as fish, grilled eggplant and grilled pimento cheese, entrees like meatloaf, shrimp & grits and chicken & dumplings, a variety of salads and "South of the Border" items like nachos, burritos and quesadillas. Desserts are also offered including a wonderful sounding vanilla bourbon sweet potato pie - yum! I look forward to returning to Dish again soon. In addition to lunch and dinner service, breakfast is also served on Saturday from 10-3.
4	Cozy diner feel. Been here twice and it has been awesome. I'd come here more often, but not the best hours (closed Sundays).I got the chicken-n-dumplings and mac-n-cheese. Comes with a biscuit - awesome.GF got the Cajun meatloaf (cajun?) and green beans - awesome.
5	Some great southern home cooked meals.  The Chicken fried steak is awesome and so is the chicken and dumplings.  Order the dead cowboy and get a good meal.  Great stuff.
4	You know that 'go to' restaurant that's always in the back of your mind when you're trying to figure out where you want to get a bite to eat?  Well that restaurant is Dish for me.  It doesn't mean I always go there, but it's always up for consideration.I'm a southern/soul food junky and Dish hits the spot.  All the comfort food side dishes (mac n' cheese, mashed potatoes, greens) are really good.  They also serve you a hot buttered biscuit and deviled egg with pretty much every entree.  That's pretty unique!  My 2 favorite entrees are the country fried steak ($8) & cajun meatloaf ($9), both come with 2 sides as well as the aforementioned biscuit/deviled egg.  That's such a great deal.  So much food, so little money!  I also consider the country fried steak the best around, and I have fetish for the stuff.....The breakfast on Saturday is basic, but solid.  The bloody mary bar is cool as they have many options to customize your 'hair of the dog'.
4	I have never had a bad meal here.  Everything looks and tastes homemade down to the green beans where you can tell they were cooked with just the right amount of salt, sugar, and bacon.  You really get the most bang for your buck here.
5	Southern comfort food at its best. The decor even looks like any grandmother's house. And just like a visit to grandma's house, you don't leave hungry. My soul-filling go to meal at Dish is simple yet rustic: A grilled cheese sandwich with a bowl of cheesy tomato soup (because a simple cup just won't do the job) to dip into.
4	Classic feeling southern food. I enjoyed my chicken and dumplings more than most places.... take that Cracker Barrel!
5	Just needed some simple comfort food...no large noisey crowds.... simply, nice and Great Food.One of my favorites
2	I want to like Dish, I really do, I try to support the restaurants in my hood but every time I've gone it's just been so blah.  Nothing stands out, everything is bland & not food related but the bathrooms are terrifying.  The only thing that really shined was the banana pudding.  I'd rather go down the street to The Diamond to get my homestyle food craving filled.
2	I wasn't very impressed with this place.  Everything we ordered was either gross or ok at best.  The tastiest thing we ordered was actually the grilled cheese, but I think that has more to do with the fact that you can't screw up a grilled cheese, right?  There are lots of other options in the area....
1	Loved this restaurant until today. Had the worst service I've ever had in a restaurant. Myself and three friends visited for lunch. Two in the party had never been to your restaurant. We were sat upstairs and waited on by a female bartender. From the beginning she acted like she'd rather be doing anything else...and honestly, she should be.1. She forgot to bring a coffee over that was ordered. When we first attempted to get her attention--she put a finger to shush us because she was headed to another table. Whe we were finally able to ask her about the coffee, she commented that she didn't forget, but that she didn't have any decaf until now. What's funny about that is just before she was refilling decaf coffee at the table behind ours...it's kind of hard to hide the orange coffee pot.2. When our food arrived, delivered by someone else after a long wait, she never once came to check on our table. We had to finally ask someone else to get her attention.3. By the time she came over, two of us were done. One person had not eaten anything because her food had been bad and since our server never checked on us she sat there without decent food, the mashed cauliflower was stringy and the squash was covered in so much oil/butter it was inedible. When my friend who had been unable to eat told our server, the server rudely picked up my plate and the bad food plate. She looked at my friend and in a very nasty tone of voice goes "Well, (exasperated breath) do you want to order something else or are you just done?" and then looked at the other person who was finished and ordered her to hand over her empty plate.4. Then in yet a nasty tone she rudely asked us if we wanted anything else or just our check. She was clearly through with our table. When she brought the tickets over, she handed them out to the wrong people--we had to correct that. And when she immediately returned and our money was not yet on each tablet, she made a loud groan, threw her hands in the air at our table and walked off.I've never left a restaurant without tipping. This table had two people in it who each had over 20+ years in the restaurant/service industry. And we were horrified at the level of disrespect and lack of service we were given today.And to top it off, when we asked for a manager we were told that there was no one in the building who could help us, but we were more than welcome to take a menu with the phone number on it if we felt the need to call later. How do you expect to run a restaurant and deal with problems if there is no management?Absolutely a horrible experience.
4	I've been meaning to check this place out, and glad I finally got around to it. Good southern food, I ordered the chicken and dumplings, which was delicious. The soup was alright, the biscuit was yummy, and the rest of my family enjoyed their meals. I'm definitely coming back!
3	He said: This was a meal that could have been excellent. Should have been excellent. A little lack of flavor. Cold, overcooked flank steak. Peppercorn "sauce" tasted like it came right off the SYSCO truck. The deviled eggs were good. Not special. The fgt were good but the coating lacked special. The potato poppers were great in every way but were just bland - texture spot on - flavor: no. Mac n cheese not gourmet. Salmon cakes ok. Biscuits good. My favorite thing: the sweet potatoes.  For a DDD place, I was expecting more. Maybe they were having an off night?Sasha, the waitress was knowledgeable and attentive.  She said: The food was good, but didn't blow me away. I was really looking forward to the salmon patties, but they just weren't great (and I really wanted them to be).  I would probably return and give the food another try.  Our server was awesome, though.  She knew everything about the food and we never lacked for refills or anything else we needed.
3	The restaurant is very charming and the service was great.  Southern cooking - and the menu is full of things I'd like to try.  I ordered the fried green tomatoes.  They arrived nice and hot.  Three were thin sliced and good, three were too thick and not quite as good.  We had an order of the potato poppers, and they were kind of bland.  I'll try again - meatloaf sliders I think, but I wouldn't order the tomatoes or the potatoes again.
4	Southern restaurant delight!!  Chicken livers, collard greens, and mac-n-cheese can't be beat!!  Cute atmosphere and great service.
4	Stopped in here for lunch while in town for a wedding.  The food was solid, the service friendly, and the atmosphere welcoming.  I particularly enjoyed the mashed potatoes and the tomato-basil soup, which was excellent and a surprisingly good complement to the more traditional southern food I ordered.
5	My experience at Dish was great. My food was excellent as well. I've been talking about those Chicken and dumplings and the collard greens since I left. My bowl just wasn't large enough. The waittress was nice, attentive and prompt. I will definitely be making a return visit.
2	Dingy atmosphere, lousy food, surly staff, poor service.....thoroughly unimpressed.
5	I simply love this place because I feel like I've walked into a nice southern mother's kitchen prepared to eat a sensational meal. It is definitely no-frills with this place, unless you considered the Devil egg a frill, but you will never leave this place hungry or thinking you should have ordered something different.
5	One of the best places for comfort food in Charlotte.  I've eaten here five times and have never been disappointed.  Their biscuit is one of the best around.
4	Loved eating here on a lazy Saturday. We sat on the patio and our server was very attentive.  The biscuit was delicious.  My favorite was the shrimp and grits. Perfectly creamy and full of big ol shrimp.
5	I live in Portland, OR but have family near Charlotte.  I was in town on business and needed to select a place for dinner convenient for a friend who lives in NoDa (North Davidson).  I had been to Dish several years ago and recalled it as super yummy.  When I suggested it as a place to meet, turns out she eats at Dish regularly!!This place was as I remembered- comfortable and homey.  Our waitress knew my friend and remembered her fav appetizer- the Pimento cheese spread served cold with pita bread and chips.  It was excellent.For my dinner I ordered the chicken fried steak & gravy with mashed red potatoes that comes with a deviled egg & a biscuit.  I ordered an extra side of mac & cheese with sweet tea to drink.  The tea was perfectly sweetened.  The chicken friend steak was cooked perfectly & the gravy was spot on.  Great deviled egg & I could have made a meal out of a dozen of those biscuits.  I love mashed red potatoes these did need a little salt.  But that mac & cheese... don't laugh, I dreamt about it that night!!All in all, so happy to 'rediscover' Dish.  If you are looking for good southern food and don't want to pay the steep prices in Uptown (what the locals call their downtown area) I strongly suggest paying Dish a visit.  I plan on coming back on my next visit to Charlotte.  PS- Aside from the good ole fashined southern food they also have a bit of Mexican on the menu as well!!
3	Really good food! Service is not great, though. The kitchen is typically slow and it takes a while to get your food. I won't make a special trip to eat here, but if I'm in the neighborhood, it's a good place to eat.
5	This place definitely gets 5 stars. At first glance it looks shabby and like an abandoned building (if thats anyway to explain it), but when you walk in, it looks like a country kitchen. Great atmosphere and yummy southern food, this place is perfect for lunch or dinner. I definitely recommend trying their chicken gizzards on kabobs. They are AMAZING. Every dish is served with a boiled egg, which puts spin on the dish. I work in the area, so its perfect.
3	Quick service, good food at a good price.  Love the atmosphere, food choices and the bar in the back.   Whether a table for 2 or 8, this is the place to go.
5	Good food, great service. Good entrees, and the sides of green beans, collards greens, and sweet potato mash were all delish. My only complaint: the portions were normal size, and I was hoping for large portions. Otherwise, a great lunch.
4	I used to come here back before I became a "Serial Yelper" so it was nice to return, which I did for lunch today.  I was accompanied by 2 chefs so the bar was set pretty high and they were both game when Dish was suggested so off we went.I love the location, revitalized and hip basically sets the scene.  Upon entering, during lunch the front part of the seating area was full and thankfully we were seated promptly in the back section.  There are lots of neat paintings / artwork on the walls which I think were for sale.  How cool!Good, southern comfort food describes the menu.  I ordered the cajun meatloaf and mashed potatoes with deviled eggs as the side since I've had their deviled eggs before and remembered how good they were.  I wasn't disappointed, the Cajun meatloaf was freaky spicy, and not too moist (which is good IMO) and covered with a creamy brown gravy as opposed to that normal foodservice nasty brown gravy.  The deviled eggs were perfectly made and had the perfect flavor that I think in a true act of gluttony I could have ate about a dozen.For dessert they had a bourbon sweet potato pie that was quite honestly one of the best desserts I have tried in a while.  They didn't scrimp on the Bourbon and was glad I didn't hit a license check on my way back to work!  Great job DISH.  I love locally owned places like this and am glad they're still around!
5	My friends (colleagues) and I went here based on the Diners, Drive ins and Dives TV Show and it's everything they said it was.  The service was fantastic.  John who said he had been with the place for four years really knew his stuff.  He offered great suggestions and was just attentive enough.  The food was great too!  Everyone had something different and we all loved what we had.  We tried their three different pies and each one was amazing!  The eclectic style of the location makes it a great place to relax, chill out and have a casual meal.  I highly recommend it!
3	Food was delicious and our waitress was really sweet and attentive.  It did have a dirty feel/vibe to it though which was hard to get past.
4	It was a beautiful spring day, and my friend and I chose to sit on the patio.  We received one of two tables that did not have umbrellas, but, being that it wasn't melt you down hot, it was fine.  Plus, when a table with an umbrella became available, our server offered to seat us there.  We stayed put, but that was so thoughtful of her.  Speaking of our server, what a treat she was!  Unabashedly friendly and prompt, she repeatedly answered our requests with, "it's my pleasure."  She served us as if we were guests in her home!  My friend ordered the fish sandwich and fruit.  I ordered the Southwest Cobb Salad sans chicken and bacon.  Because of my meatless request, the server brought the chef out to see if I wanted any extra vegetables on my salad.  It also came with an egg and a biscuit.  The biscuit was a tad sweet for my taste, and, because I shy away from gluten, I only took a nibble.  Ranch dressing, guacamole, and salsa accompanied the dish.  Fresh and favorable!
5	Great place with a funky fun decor.
5	I am in disbelief after reading some of the other reviews. I am actually upset with myself that it took eight years of living in Charlotte to go to Dish. I feel that I have missed out on the southern style cooking that they provide. After eating there I honestly felt welcomed into the south. It was amazing. The other reviews stating that the food was bland is surprising. The food I got was full of flavor. We ordered the meatloaf sliders to start, and for our entrees we order the chicken fried steak and the chicken and dumplings. The only mishap is that we did not receive the sliders until after our entrees arrived. They were busy and they did apologize for the mistake immediately and notified us that they were not going to charge us for them. I was not upset with them over this and it did not affect our experience.There was not a lot of meat loaf in the sliders, but they were still very good and flavorful. The chicken fried steak was perfectly cooked. It was crispy on the outside, yet still very tender. It was topped with a white gravy over a bed of mashed potatoes. Both the gravy and mash potatoes were tasty. I did not feel that there was too much butter, which is some times typical to southern cooking. The chicken and dumplings were also very tasty. It did taste similar to the gravy that was on the chicken fried steak but also tasted slightly different at the same time. It was very good and was filled with large pieces of chicken and huge dumplings. The dumplings were super moist but not to the point where they were soggy and soft. We ordered mac and cheese for the side. The mac and cheese was very good, it wasn't anything overly incredible, but was satisfying.Both meals came with a biscuit. I am not a big biscuit fan. Never grew up eating biscuits but I have had my share of biscuits since moving to Charlotte. These biscuits were by far the best I have ever had. They were so fresh, soft, moist, flaky. I wanted to order another one for dessert.For what we got, I felt that the pricing was fantastic and actually on the cheap side. The majority of the apps are around $5 and the entrees were around $8. Sandwiches on the menu were between $5-$8. For two people, one appetizer, two entrees and four beers the tab was about $30. I do not know of many other places in Charlotte that I could of received a meal like that for that kind of money.
5	The dish is simply fantastic. Prices are mind blowing for both the quality and the portion. The new breakfast option keeps that same theme and is deliciously simple. Bloody mary bar is fun on saturdays. Potato cake appetizer could serve as a whole meal. Although the place is consistently busy during prime dining hours, service is always solid. Chicken and dumplings are the tits. Its places like these that make plaza midwood the coolest 2 miles in town.
4	Dish has all the home style comfort food you could dream of! With reasonable prices and delicious options, it's hard to pass up. My fave is the 3 Veggie Plate that allows you to pick and choose 3 of their sides as your meal with a biscuit and deviled egg.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.   Recommend chicken & dumplings, pot roast.
5	Went in last wednesday night.  Everything was perfect!  Sat at the bar, service was on point, drinks were great, food was great!  Ill be back for sure!
3	We went here as a DDD place, though we have yet to see the episode.  We were a party of 4--two kids and two adults.  Kids are 2 and 5, and the Mac and cheese suited them just fine.I went with the chicken and dumplings.  Great!  This was a late lunch (1pm) and I was stuffed.  I started with a cup of potato soup which was also tasty.  My wife had the veggie burger, which she said was okay.The place is small, very bohemian wait staff (piercingly, tats, etc).  It was crowded though and really seems to be a local favorite.  Lots of awards on the wall.  They have a full bar too in the back of the restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable.  I think my chicken and dumplings (included two sides) was $8.
3	Average, not as awesome as advertised.
4	The best biscuits I have ever had IN MY LIFE!!!I love coming here!!  So cozy - feels like your mom's kitchen.  Always bustling with activity and wonderful smells emanating from the kitchen.  My favorite dish here is actually the tomato soup.  Nothing better on a rainy day or really any day.  Creamy and onion-y ('throw a mint in that dumpster!' it is my favorite thing on the menu.  Also fantastic are the chicken and dumplings, the biscuits are the best i have ever had, and the perfect accompaniment to the soup is the BLT.  Service is always fast and quick.  There is a bar upstairs in the back that is cozy and a great place to have an intimate drink with your beau.Give it a try!!  You will love it too!  :-D
4	Loved the fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese.  Good atmosphere and our waitress, Sasha, was very good.  I will definitely
4	This place is a hidden treasure! The food is unbeatable and priced nicely. The place looks sketch from the outside but it adds to the experience. There was a bizarre mix of people there. We saw men in business suits and a women in a handkerchief shirt with metallic pants. Her crack showed when she sat down but I transpire. Bottom line is their food is great so everyone eats there. The food took a while to come out because they were slammed (on a Thursday night), but it was worth the wait. I got chicken and dumplings and they were great. Their food choices are like Cracker Barrel but its locally owned, authentic, and oozes with Charlotte culture. We'll be back.
4	First time at the Dish.. we tried the Parmesan Potato Poppers. They are unbelievably good. So crip outside..and yumm mashed potatoes inside.. a must try!
5	Just moved to the neighborhood and stumbled across Dish. The food was so good and very affordable. Everyone in the restaurant was so friendly and our server I believe her name was Mileka - was great. The back patio was adorable and the tomato soup was amazing. I can't wait to go back and have their hummus plate and a glass of wine again.
5	Dish is deliciousness in my mouth! All of their food is amazing, southern style good ol' home cookin'. My favorite is the pot roast with mashed potatoes  and green beans. The waiters,waitresses are fun and friendly and always bring a smile to my face :)
5	Happy to Find something like the ATL' while on vacation this week, The atmosphere was great, the servers nice, the pot roast was made of "real" roast, loved the chunky mashed potatoes, never had a deviled egg with a meal unless it was on a salad though.I had the collards-so/so I like mine about as limp as you can get them,and the leaves were that way but the stems had a crunch. The pimento cheese  had a great flavor. My sister had heard about it and she was in heaven, chicken and dumplings, mac-n-cheese, and she was in a good mood for the rest of the evening. We ate so much had to go back to the hotel for a nap.
5	Southern style home cooked food done right.  Fried green tomatoes with a dill sauce from heaven.  Shrimp and grits which were the perfect blend of creamy and spicy.  My husband had the salmon cakes although I tried to talk him into the meatloaf. Hopefully next time we visit Charlotte we will be able to hit this place up again for more comfort food.
5	Delish! I had the meatloaf sandwich, so yummy and full of flavor. We enjoyed ourselves. Got seated immediately when it looked like it was going to be a busy night. Service was great fast and efficient. My mother had the tomato soup, which is out of this world! She also had the pimento cheese sandwich served nice and warm and Crisp. to die for as well. The bartender served us and was very gracious and seemed very happy! We will definitely be going back, even talked it up to my friends tonight. They were so jealous that I had gone. And want to make it the next place that we go for dinner night with girlfriends- comfort food style!
5	Excellente service.  Cozy hole in the wall neighborhood joint.I had a cheeseburger and side of sweet potatoes. I like the variety of sides. Prices are good and place is super friendly, so I would go again.
5	Delicious, I've never had a bad meal here. The brunch is tasty and you gotta love a Bloody Mary bar. Their sides are wonderful in fact most of the time I just order the Veggie plate and eat the sides. The smoked lima beans are to die for. The mac and cheese is creamy and rich and you get a deviled egg with your meal. This is my kind of southern comfort food!
5	Excellent! Server was great. Original and great dish choices. Prices are fair to cheap for are very delicious. The staff is friendly and definitely a go to spot in the Plaza Mid wood area.
5	I had the chicken and dumplings it was great. My husband had the meatloaf  his plate was clean when we left. Service was friendly and guick   The place was clean and neat.  Would go back
5	I didn't want my bowl of shrimp & grits to end...Dinner at Dish was so good, we returned for lunch the following day.  At both mealtimes, the place was packed with customers.Quick, friendly service; inexpensive; flippin' delicious!Hoping to return soon to experience the gooey, creole goodness that is Dish's shrimp & grits.
5	That black bean quesadilla!!!! Omg, best I've had anywhere in the world. Also, the spicy meatloaf! #Happiness
4	Excellent local spot with a great menu of southern homemade dishes. Pretty sure everything is served with a nice flaky biscuit and a deviled egg. The most popular items are the chicken and dumplings, the Cajun meatloaf and the shrimp and grits and you can't go wrong with any. Our table of 5 had all 3 of those along with the Reuben special and the buffalo chicken salad. Everybody walked out happy.
5	Fantastic lunch spot!  The fried green tomatoes were piping hot, the deviled eggs were spot on & the lime flank steak served over a corn cake was dynamite!  That being said, I wish I had ordered the shrimp n grits.  I had a taste & I need to come back again to get the full experience!
5	Went there tonight for a dinner date. Got there around 6pm and thankful that we did! Shortly after we received our drinks the place was packed. This doesn't surprise us seeing as the food is amazing and it was also a Saturday night. I tried all new stuff tonight to branch out of my comfort zone. I usually order the Cajun meatloaf (beyond amazing) but today I tried the pimiento cheeseburger. I do not regret the choice one bit! It was delicious and everything I could have asked for. So far we have never had a horrible experience and will continue to go.
4	Came here on Saturday for the first time! Great food and amazing prices!We all ordered beers....they were pretty well priced. I got the Old Meck Seasonal and I think it was like $4 or so. We ordered the pimento dip appetizer. It came with half tortillas chips and half pita chips. I thought this was good but, honestly, there was so much for for the meal that we could have done without it.I ordered the three veggie plate with collards, mashed potatoes, and squash. The collards were perfection....especially with some added vinegar on top. The mashed potatoes were great. The squash was a little bit of a downfall....not seasoned at all and was super rubbery. Guess that's what I get for trying to order slightly healthy. However, my husbands order was by far the best. He ordered the cajun meatloaf with mac and cheese as a side. OMG.....so good....I kinda kept reaching over when he wasn't looking just to get more. The sauce on top of the meatloaf was amazing and it was obvious I should have ordered mac and cheese instead of the squash. My husband grabbed the tab for us and another couple with us and for the 4 of us (all with beers), it was like $45! Will definitely be back.Side Note: We did have one service issue that didnt really rub any of us the right way. When I got my meal, they accidently brought out mac and cheese instead of the collards. Normally, I would just eat it (duh, it's mac and cheese) but I am a southern girl through and through and I LOVE my collards. So I told the waitress about the mixup. When she brought my collards out, she asked for the mac and cheese back. It was odd passing a bowl of mac and cheese across the table to her. Especially because we all knew that she was going to take it back and throw it away.It wasnt a huge deal but was just kinda weird and totally inappropriate for the situation.
5	One of my favorite places to Frequent for Lunch!! Food is Great, Customer Service is Great, what more could you ask for? I love the burgers and how big they are. Also you have the option to add as many condiments as you would like. If I'm not smacking on the burger I turn to the BLT with egg. My favorite side are the Grits!
4	A tale from my most recent visit: I discovered one of the most heartbreaking things to see. The server brings your food out and there are no biscuits on the plates. What? Wait? Where are the flaky, yummy biscuits? It was as if the server could read our minds... he said, "we have biscuits in the oven right now. We'll bring them out as soon as they're ready." Crisis averted. Let's move on.I love Dish. It almost feels like you're in a family member's kitchen. Cozy, welcoming. The only thing I don't like about it: they're closed on Sundays. I love the chicken and dumplings. Every bite feels like a hug. I've been hooked ever since I watched the triple D episode here. If it's good enough for Guy, then it's a must try. I'm also a big fan of the salmon cakes and collard greens. My friend Jason gets chicken fried steak without the gravy. Blasphemy. Pure blasphemy.Back to the biscuit situation... in the middle of our meal, here comes a plate of heaven. Warm, delicious biscuits. It was well worth the wait. Now if Jason wouldn't have been so selfish and ordered his gravy on the side... it would have been damn near perfection.The workers are incredibly friendly. We are always well taken care of here and everyone is so nice. Parking can be a little tricky in this area. Come with patience. I'm looking forward to Spring and enjoying my biscuits on the patio.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  I've been here for the first date with my wonderful boyfriend, with his parents from out of town, with my parents from out of town, with out of town professional guests, to try collard greens for the first time, to have a DELICIOUS relaxing dinner with friends, and I could go on.  The entire menu is mouthwatering.  I love the meatloaf because it's just spicy enough to be interesting, but not so spicy that I need my biscuit, I get to savor the biscuit and deivlled egg.  The vegetable plate is my all-time favorite and good for vegetarians.  Yes, macaroni and cheese is a vegetable!  You would have to try to go wrong at Dish, and even then, I'm not sure you could.  Just sit back and enjoy the wonderful food and service!
5	Dish was SO good!Was visiting the Carolina's and it was suggested to me by a local that I go here... glad I did.Pros?-Friendly atmosphere-Great service-Lots of seating-Home-like setting-Nothing was too salty -Perfect pricingCons?-You will most likely eat WAY too much :-)
4	Dish hits the southern-goodness spot. A must try for breakfast on Saturdays --- the hashbrown casserole is so good it should be illegal. Also great for casual, comfort food. We loves the chicken and dumplings, country fried steak and the smoked lima beans side. The staff can be sassy. Enjoy!
4	First timer so I had the veggie plate.  All good.  The deviled egg and biscuit were hits. The fried green tomatoes great.  But, the banana pudding was the real deal and the best ever!!
5	I absolutely love this place. Very good food, service, ambienceTry the fried green tomatoes
3	I am not a fan, but I am not a hater either.  I fall smack inbetween.My first impressions were not that favorable.  We walked in on a rainy Friday night and there was no structure to the entrance/hostess area.  Busy waitresses kept buzzing past us, no one greeted us for a solid 3 minutes (which is a long time to be standing in awkward land) and we weren't sure who to even tell we were looking for a table!  Finally someone came around and asked us if we wanted to be seated and immediately walked us to our table.  This place definitely has a cool 'local" flare to it and while there is nothing fancy about the decor, it does have a certain comforting aspect to it.  The menu was what I expected, southern style options and the prices were very reasonable.  I ordered the veggie plate and it was okay--a little bland but the sweet potatoes were pretty good!  The squash casserole was decent but mushy and didn't have a ton of flavor.  The black beans were pretty much gross and the biscuit wasn't anything more than a pillsbury dough biscuit from Harris Teeter.  We tried the Pimento Cheese and I have had better.  Husband got the burger, which wasn't made to order and was a pretty small patty but it was ok.  Again, nothing to rush back for.The waitress was very friendly, the food came out pretty quickly and the overall experience was decent.  I just wouldn't make a habit of returning to Dish.  I love the location, I love the vibe and I love the prices...but I didn't leave fully satisfied from the meal.
2	We decided to try this place for a nice Saturday afternoon lunch! I was very disappointed with my burger. It lacked any type of flavor. However, Kevin really enjoyed his chicken & dumplings. I probably won't try it again with all the other great restaurants in the area.
3	Deviled eggs were Ehhh which makes me sad because I heart deviled eggs they were bland. Food was okay, fairly decent. Service? Sloooooow. Particularly the bar service? Geeeerezzzzz rough man. Granted, it was peak hours. But if margaritas are the daily special well then...probably need to kick out quite a few.
4	Out of town family is visiting.  You don't know where to take them. The Dish is by far the best option. It is Southern, home style, everyone will find something on the menu and the atmosphere is relaxed. I absolutely love their grilled cheese and tomato soup (best tomato soup besides Trader Joe's tomato and roasted red pepper). They also have really good quesadilla's (or "Mexican pizza" as my brother in law calls it). Everyone loves their Cajun meatloaf. And, always, the deviled egg.There is usually local art on the walls. There is outdoor seating.They do have a breakfast (I think Saturday). HOLY CRAP it is fatty, but really delicious (there is some sort of hash brown casserole that is INSANE)I don't go here on a regular basis. I think I would easily gain 20 lbs if I did. If you are hankering home cooked food though- this is the place to go.I have noticed that the Dish has been a little inconsistent over the pass few years. I remember in 2005 it was ALWAYS GOOD. I guess that happens over time.
3	Pot roast and biscuit were solid.  Collards and fried green tomatoes were disappointing.   Overall nice meal with southern diner type atmosphere.  Next time I will try the chicken and dumplings.
5	Stopped for lunch. I had the meatloaf sandwich & it was super yum! We don't have anything like this in California. Good home cooking. Large menu selection. Hope I can get back here before my vacation is over.
5	I absolutely love this dish but decided to step outside the box and try something different I ordered the southwest veggie burger without cheese with a side if black beans! The veggie burger was delish and had good spicy taste to it the black beans were cooked to perfection! As always the service is always friendly!!!
5	Dish is the first, and still the best place I've been to in Charlotte.I'm from Alabama so I was really hoping I'd be able to find a good southern spot up here. I got lucky in that I was brought here first.I guess I'll start with the bad. Parking sucks. But it's in Plaza Midwood so I don't know how exactly anyone could fix this.Every time I come into Dish the host and service are absolutely top notch. I've come in 30 minutes before close (about when you'll start getting spit in your food) and the kitchen was still humming along and we were served quickly with a hot meal.You really can't go wrong. The mexican food is a little idiosyncratic but my friends tell me it's amazing. The meatloaf sliders are PERFECT as an appetizer, and fried green tomatoes are fantastic as well. Greens and mashed potatoes and mac + cheese are all top notch. I've had the fried steak and fried chicken.The biggest thing about Dish even after all the great service in food is that when you leave you're satisfied. The prices and portions are perfect balanced to where I don't feel like I've been ripped off. It's comfort food so in no way shape or form should you depend on Dish to help you keep your diet, but I also don't feel totally disgusting and bloated afterward either which is a feat in itself.Grats dish. You have a lifetime customer.
4	Their food brings back nostalgia of growing up and eating comfort food from recipes passed down generations ago. Everything is tasty from start to finish, from appetizer to dessert. Their meatloaf sliders are juicy, cheesy, hearty... just a really solid appetizer to warm up for the main course. And I could eat at least a dozen of their deviled eggs, simply made, but they perfect the little things like that at Dish. A very strong 1-2 lead-up to the entree.And their entrees don't disappoint. Chicken and dumplings, meatloaf, salmon patties, really whatever you order, odds are it's going to be on point. Heaping portions that are rich enough to induce a food coma by the time you leave, but it's worth the journey. I've always had an awesome dinner at Dish, and leftovers for the morning. If you can find a parking spot in this crowded area of Plaza-Midwood, you won't regret the journey!
5	Our server was Mickey and he was a  phenomenal server! Very welcoming and friendly! Not only was the service amazing but the food was heaven. We had Parmesan potato poppers for appetizer and they were mind blowing. I had fried egg and bacon sandwich and my boyfriend got a build your own burger (cheeseburger with the fixings and added a fried egg) and this food was so good and comforting. We had side of Mac and cheese which was super cheesy and deviled eggs. All around awesomeness.
5	Dish is an amazing restaurant! If your looking for that southern style home cooking than look no further. They also serve salads and tacos as well, so it is just not your typical fried chicken and collard green home cooking. From the outside the place looks grungy, but being located off of Central Ave in Plaza Midwood there isn't any upscale classy book covers anyway. I've been a couple of times and our service has always been amazing. The wait staff seem to love their jobs and knowledgeable about the food. The food is unexplainable to the tip. There isn't one item that I would recommend over the other because I haven't had anything that was horrible. Their menu is great for the "I don't know what do you want to eat?" conversation. My better half and I drive about 30 minutes to Dish because we can never agree on a place. We love sitting on the patio when the weather is nice out. Definitely a landmark in Charlotte and I highly recommend bringing guests that are visiting!
3	We have had it on our to do list for a while to visit Dish because we had seen it on Food Network. When we moved to Charlotte we were finally able to do so. I should also preface this with saying that I am a vegetarian so perhaps that has my vision of here a little off. When we first walked in I was already turned off, I mean I know it's a diner and I totally support that but it was not a very 'inviting' atmosphere to me. Luckily it was nice out so we were able to sit on the patio, we had the place basically to ourselves. Our waitress was ok, but was pretty boring honestly. She wasn't rude or inattentive just didn't seem like the happiest person. We had the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer and there was barely any tomato, just the corn meal crust. I had the veggie burrito and was less than impressed, it wasn't terrible just extremely bland and nothing special. It doesn't come with a side but it was more than enough to fill you up. My husband got the veggie burger topped with pimento cheese and a side of potato salad, again nothing special. I tried it and it was ok but not something I would ever want again given the choice.
3	I tried this because it was on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. I try to visit a location from the show everytime im visiting a new city. The food was okay. I had the salmon cakes with mac and cheese and collard greens. It came out a little cold/warm, but not hot fresh off the stove. It wasnt bad by any means but nothing to write home about (except for then biscuits, best I ever had!!!).  I would eat it again but it wouldn't be a must have.Definitely worth trying for yourself though. 3.5 stars
4	Very good southern style food with quaint atmosphere. The interior looks like grandmas kitchen turned into a restaurant. Entrees come with a side, a biscuit , and a deviled egg. The chicken and dumplings is great.
4	It's casual and southern and cave-like inside (dark). Make sure you go in with the right expectations and you will be pleasantly surprised. The cajun meatloaf sliders and fried green tomatoes are a must. I've tried a lot of different things on the menu and have not been disappointed - dumplings, salads, chicken dishes...
5	every item we ordered from the deviled eggs to the meatloaf was excellent. nice atmosphere.
3	Almost like home cooking. Service is on the slow side, but our waitress had to run two sections, so I guess the fault is with management. They seem to have an issue with keeping food warm. We got the veggie sliders as an app and they were good, but on the lukewarm side. Then we ordered chicken n dumplings and country fried steak for our meal. The chicken and dumplings were yummy, but outright cold and I had to send them back. The gravy on the country fried steak was good and peppery. All in all it was decent for the price, but with so many places in Charlotte to choose from, I'm not sure I would come back.
5	We ate at Dish last week when we were in Charlotte on vacation and were VERY pleased with both the service and food.  Everyone in our party (6 total) ordered something different and shared bites with each other.  The most recommended dishes in our group were the Shrimp and Grits, the Country Fried Steak, and the Chicken Burrito.  The biscuits were AWESOME and probably the best that we have ever eaten.As for the prices, I found them reasonable and actually thought that they were a good value for the size of the portions served.WE picked Dish because we are big fans of going to places featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and we were certainly not disappointed with Dish.i would absolutely recommend Dish to anyone because there is something on the menu that everyone can enjoy.
5	My all-time favor restaurant. Ever.I'm a vegetarian and they have FANTASTIC vegetarian options. I rotate between the spinach salad, the veggie pita, Mediterranean plate, and a few others. My meat-eating husband loves the place, too. He tends towards the meatloaf.Love the servers here. We're regulars- so, we see them all the time. I've never had bad service. The food is always on time, the servers are always on point- we get just enough friendliness not to feel ignored, but enough space not to feel uncomfortable (just the way I prefer).
5	Best fried green tomatoes ever ever. Veggie burger is awesome too; homemade with chickpeas, none of that frozen-mushroom-rice-patty nonsense. My husband, the toddler, and I all found great veggie food with friendly, quick service. The restaurant decor is fun, homey, and kitschy. I highly recommend this place.
5	We checked it out because we were in the area and we thought, why not? We read reviews but in reality we didn't know what to expect. The restaurant looks like your grandmother's house, a charming little place with pictures and knick-knacks on the walls. They had a menu with a lot of variety and being vegetarian, it was great to see many vegetarian options. The Black Bean Nachos are probably the best nachos I've ever had anywhere, ever. I loved that they had deviled eggs; you don't see that often in restaurants, especially with the option to order as a little as just three. Overall, we had a great time with friendly staff and great food.
5	I have never had a bad meal at the Dish. This place is a hidden Gem. Great Chicken and Dumplings.
5	Such a hot day!  My craving was for a light, chilled salad, and Dish delivered.  Fresh, crisp greens and yummy blue cheese dressing, complete with a biscuit.  So much for gluten free; I ate that biscuit and enjoyed every soft,  buttery mouthful.  We also ordered a serving of their deviled eggs as an appetizer that were riddled in unctiious creaminess.   My husband devoured his vegetable plate as well.  Decent wine and beer selections with prices that don't require one to take out a loan.  Impeccable, speedy, polite service.  What took me so long?  5 stars it is!
2	Huuuuu... I had high hopes for this place. I was here with a group and once we were seated, I was excited to order something delicious. However i wasn't all that hungry, so I decided to try my hand at something simple... I mean real simple. I ordered a Grilled Cheese and tomato sandwich with cheddar and Monterrey with a side of fruit. Let's see...where do I start? Once the plate came out I was excited to dig into my sandwich. Although simple, I love grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches, and figured no one can mess this up. Right?.... Wrong. After I took a bite, I noticed they forgot the tomato. I told the waitress and instead of bringing my sandwich back to actually grill a tomato and cheese sandwich, she brought me a bowl of 4 tomatoes. :-/... Now, my sandwich is grilled. So I had to pry apart the gooey cheese filled sandwich so I can stick a cold slice of tomato in. Smh.Then! My fruit. How can sliced fruit be bad? Well I'll tell you... It was warm. Why is my fruit warm??? The watermelon looked old, like they gave me the leftovers and they barely gave me any pineapple, which looked old as well. At least the two slices of orange I had were just okay... Again it was warm. The reasons for two stars? One for initial service and timeliness. The second star for the veggie loaf I tried from someone else's plate. It was soooooo good. Perhaps I'll give this place another try... Clearly staying clear from fruit and grilled cheese.
4	Yum!  I just moved to Charlotte recently and am slowly working my way through the food options.  I've known of Dish from the rave reviews of friends since long before I moved here.  Once I finally got to try it, I wasn't disappointed.  Went with a friend on a Saturday evening and had no problem getting a table even though it was definitely crowded.  The atmosphere is unassuming and homey and the food is delicious!  I had a mahi special with mac & cheese while my friend had chicken & dumplings and declared them better than her grandmother's.  We both had the strawberry/peach pie...also fabulous.  The only very minor thing I'd say is that it isn't a good place to go if you're looking for a quiet atmosphere.  It was a bit on the noisy side which didn't detract in any way from my experience.  Looking forward to future visits.
3	This is my first review of a place that triple D has been too. To be a place that serves southern style comfort food. I have had better in my new home of Maryland. The food was under seasoned for the style of food that they are presenting. Maybe it was a bad day. But the one redeeming quality was its biscuits!!!! The price can't be beat..
4	We were driving through Charlotte and wanted to stop for lunch. I Googled places to eat and found a Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives list and landed on Dish. I'm glad I did! Immediately loved the feel of this restaurant. Charming and home-y and my first experience of southern cooking. Due to all of the Yelp photos I had to get the Chicken and Dumplings - thank goodness for pictures because this dish was beyond delicious! My favorite meal growing up, just ridiculously better! And the biscuits... Wow. I could have just eaten those for a meal! I also tried the country fried steak and it was phenomenal. Our server was extremely friendly and attentive. The prices were very reasonable for the amount of food you received for each dish. I also liked how they had local art hanging around the restaurant that was available for purchase. Very neat idea. If we are ever in the area again, we will be stopping at Dish for sure!!
4	Love of my life and I tried Dish after being rained out on a run.  :(. We waited about five minutes for a table (Thursday night, 19:00), and then got one in a corner.  Place was full of people of all ages (lots of families) and casual.We ordered fried green tomatoes, buffalo chicken salad, and Cajun meatloaf.  Food was plentiful and served quickly.  We really liked the fried green tomatoes and biscuits.  The salad was good; however, the blue cheese was excessive.  The meatloaf was ok, but I wasn't as impressed as I thought it would be given the other reviews.Liked the place and would return.  Good food for a reasonable price.  Go Charlotte good scene...
4	This place is awesome.  The staff is so laid back and yet attentive at the same time...they are always smiling "real" smiles.  I've come in a couple times on break during work shifts and both times I was super happy.  Southern comfort food with vegan/veg options?  Hella good times.My most recent visit was on a bleak Sunday afternoon.  I sat in the back by the bar and the bartender hooked me up with a delicious, nicely seasoned Bloody Mary.  I got the veggie burger (house-made, cheers) and salad and the combination of the cocktail and flavorful, healthy food made my hangover disappear.  I can't remember the bartender's name but she was on point and had great hair/tattoos, lol.  I love it when service industry people are professional and eclectic at the same time.
5	Biscuits are HEAVEN !!!! Country fried steak and gravy are divine.....super friendly  staff...great prices...a real bargain but would pay a lot more for this food!!!!
4	The best biscuits in Charlotte! I always order two. They make wonderful, basic comfort food. My favorites are the mac and cheese and meat loaf. This is the perfect restaurant to take visitors looking for an authentic southern-style kitchen. Also I'm certain the biscuits are someone's grandmother's recipe. Outstanding.
5	I love this place!! Food for the heart and soul . Chicken and dumpling is my favorite . It feels like eating in grandmas kitchen
4	Great meal, good service. Feel of your grandmother's dining room both in the decoration and the food selection. Be it the Meatloaf, shrimp and grits, or the AMAZING mashed potato poppers, I have yet to be disappointed by this gem in Plaza Midwood.
4	I'm not from the South, and not typically the biggest fan of southern food, but even I love Dish!! It's amazing how easy it is to become addicted to this place.  We take my husband's family here every time they're in town, and it's always a hit.Must try: Country fried steak (smack your Momma kind of good!), deviled eggs, Cajun meatloaf, chicken and dumplings, collard dip, pimento cheese dip (served hot), the squash casserole side dish, green beans, and pretty much every dessert item.Highly recommended if you're in the mood for good old fashioned comfort food!!
2	Lentil soup had barely any lentils n had a grilled cheese sandwich with one maybe 2 slices cheese. Won't bother coming back
5	We were in town for the weekend. We wanted to hit up a local "Triple D" Dive, and we saw that The Dish had well written reviews. They weren't lying. The quality was excellent. It had a fresh and home made feel to every bite. Definitely coming back for dessert...one day.
4	Good pot roast and meatloaf. Grunge atmosphere, so get ready for some tattoos. Good local beer selection.
5	Love this place! Brunch is delicious with great prices, and the mimosas are always good. Love the huevos rancheros and the breakfast bowl. Went back for dinner and had the chicken and dumplings- it was amazing, and the biscuit was an added bonus. Can't wait to go back and try their sandwiches and the fried green tomatoes!
3	I liked the location area and general ambience of the restaurant. The restaurant is like the neighborhood, a mash-up of different generations, cultures and genres.  The prices online are cheaper than the actual prices in-store, which was slightly frustrating.  My girlfriend was planning on ordering Shrimp & Grits, online it was $12.39, but in store on the menu it was $15.99.  She ended up ordering the Special Flounder & Grits, which she was not happy with.  The grits were plain and unseasoned.  The flounder was fried and fine, but nothing spectacular and also came with an order of black beans.. again nothing spectacular.  Our daughter ordered a hamburger, which was also unseasoned and plain.. nothing spectacular for the price.  I ordered the veggie plate, which I liked because they tasted exactly how I would prepare them myself.  Got the collard greens, sweet potato mash, and mac & cheese.  Initially, I ordered the cauliflower, but did not like it at all and traded it for the mac & cheese.  Also, got a deviled egg which was good and a biscuit, which somebody in my family ate.. so it must have been pretty good.  Prices were kind of high considering portion sizes, but I do like how the ingredients are locally sourced and most of the menu is vegetarian friendly.. the vegetables are prepared vegan, instead of with ham hock or smoked turkey.  I would possibly go back..
4	good variety on their menu. southern food, but not EVERYTHING on their menu feels greasy, like other places around here. very affordable, which is a plus. The staff is always pleasant, too.
3	Have been here several times with the office for our weekly lunch together. I really like the quesadillas even though they are not what the restaurant is known for. Their salsa is also pretty good. Service is usually fast but note that they cannot seat partial parties so be sure to arrive with everyone in tow!
5	I'm from Charlotte but due to my husband's job I have been away from home for years. I was so excited when I found out about this place it seems like Charlotte is always coming out with some new dining place in this area everytime I come home. I ordered a vegan meal and was impressed when the waiter/bartender knew what a flexitarian was! The food was very well seasoned and I have to find out whom they order their grits from because they were seriously the most amazing tasting grits I had ever eaten.I forgot to ask what they use in their mac and cheese but I would imagine it was daiya. It of course did not look like my husband's ooey gooey mac and cheese but was freaking amazing! I mean seriously I can't stop thinking about it.The collards were a good but better with vinegar which they had on hand. Thank the goddess for the south and vinegar and collards. These collards were lightly seasoned so if you do not like yours heavily seasoned they would be perfect. If you are a truly southerner just add vinegar and taste perfection.I could go on and on about this place but I will end by saying if you live in the are or will be visiting the area this is a great southern comfort food place to try with option for many different types of diets.
4	Can't believe I haven't been told abut this place. Amazing Food. Veggie Burger was amazing and spicy! Love the Mac and cheese!
