4	My sister was in town and were in desperate need of sister-girly time. Mani-Pedi?! SURE THING! That has quality sister time written all over it. We Yelp'ed for some salons in the area and Special Nails came up. We arrived on a Friday at about 10:30 am and there was only one customer and plenty of available employees. This salon uses OPI polish - yay!!!! We selected our polish and sat down for our pedicures. Their chairs are super fab and very new! Excellent pedicure and time to chat with sister. Next up was my manicure. I had broken a nail earlier in the week so my nails were super short (I can't stand uneven or non-uniform nail lengths). There wasn't much filing or shaping to do but my cuticles were a nightmare! She fixed that right up and did a wonderful paint job that lasted me the entire week! By the time we had left there were several more customers in the store. Four in the pedi chairs and one more getting her nails done so it was nice to know others have found this great salon as well.I recommend Special Nails, and I know that I will be back again.
2	These people don't give two s**** about the customer. I went in for a mani/pedi. It was close to closing time but they weren't closed yet. When I asked how much they talked to each other in their language and kept shooting me glaring looks. Finally the lady set up my pedicure chair. While I was getting settled she came up and asked if they could just paint my hand nails instead of a full manicure... Uh NO! I told them I don't want to pay them for a full mani if I am not getting one, so just do my pedi. Halfway through the pedi they were already asking for me to pay... How can I judge how to tip them if they haven't completed the service?! Well this was last night around 6:00 and now it's the day after around 2:30... my toes are soar around the cuticles, the paint isn't quality, and I can see clear around the nail on my skin. This place sucks! Don't waste your money here because it's clear they don't even want it.
4	I am on my feet all week long. If I am not working, I am at the gym. I won't put everyone through the horror of describing the state of my feet, but know they are janky. Two of us came in for pedicures and my friend got a manicure as well. The ladies that work at this salon are all Vietnamese. I cannot help but think of the Anjelah Houston stand up skit. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsWrY77o77o. The ladies here do not push any extra services and barely speak to one another. I am always curious about what they say about their guest so I never admit I am Vietnamese just to listen in. Depends on how you look at it, it is either the most polite or boring salon. No one is talking smack and all of the chit chat is about work. For $20 a piece you can get a mani or pedi. For $30, both. I finished before my friend and just sat in the massage chair and slept. No one bothered me and I got a nap in the comfy chair instead of the ones in the front.
1	No. No. No.Came in a few days ago for a full set of acrylics. Sat down at a manicure station and the chic proceeded to finish polishing her toes before starting my treatment. Didn't even wash her hands. When I asked her if she minded to wash her hands first she rolled her eyes and did as i asked. I should have run then...I asked for them super short. being a bartender i cant have long nails. it took her 3 tries to actually finally get them where i wanted them.I put in my head phones and relaxed. They came out decent. not the best def not the worst... until the following dayI wake up only to find my nails had already lifted. When i showered that morning my hair kept getting stuck in them. This isn't supposed to happen for at least 2-3 weeks after... not then next day.When i went back the "manager" just said no refunds and that was that. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! I have yet to find a great nail salon in the mountains edge area. If you have any suggestions please send them my way :)
3	I know I've been here before for a pedicure,I didn't have any problems with the place. So I went again to get my gel polish changed. It's your average nail salon. The woman that did my service was nice, she did a good job. My nails look good and so far the polish hasn't chipped or anything so I'm satisfied especially for such an affordable price. The UV light dryer was a little dirty (greasy from lotion maybe?) so I made sure not to put my hands on it. Other than that oomph ain't, I'd return.
1	This place is friggin terrible.  A friend and I walked in (please note the door says walk-ins are welcome) to do basic pedicures.  We immediately asked if we had appointments, which we did not.  There was only 2 people there and it smelled gross.  The lady then told us that they cant take us because we didnt have an appointment.  Good job losing business!!
3	This place is ok. The last time I went I had to wait at least ten minutes before I was able to begin my pedicure. Once they called me over and let me soak my feet the water wasn't that warm and I had to sit with my feet in the water for another 10+ minutes. I feel that they should have more people working there because it was pretty busy the entire time I was there.They did a good job with my pedicure and manicure. They also did a good job waxing my eyebrows. Since I'm impatient the only thing that annoyed me was the wait. I would try to make an appointment next time or go during a less busy time of day.
3	In a rush? Perfect, so are they. This is not the place to come if you're looking to be pampered like a goddess. Or even just a local celebrity. They do nails, no more and no less with the occasional smile or half hearted joke. For not being a mecca of relaxation or pampering, this place gets BUSY. Get here before 11am or you might as well just wait until 3pm. They do quite a business probably because if nothing else, they are fast. More customers mean more money so I can't knock the hustle. I get gel manicures and color changes here, and aside from the occasional badgering about getting a full manicure as opposed to just a color change, the hard sell is not something you need to worry about here. There are about 7 manicure stations and maybe 6 pedicure chairs. They've got a pretty standard color selection for both regular polish and gel and they hold up for weeks.My reason for coming back like a kicked puppy is you can't beat the pricing. $25 for a gel manicure and $15 for a color change only. I can handle the abuse if it keeps my wallet a little more happy!
2	This place sucks...seems like they can never get it down ... COLOR INSIDE THE LINES... Bad polish job. Plus...since when is it okay to do a pedi with bubbles? Ugh!
3	Okay place, prices are good but they need to coordinate their time more.
5	I had a missing rhinestone on my nail that I needed to be fixed, but was in a rush and expected to wait when I walked into a super busy salon.  Not only did they fix my nail in less than a minute but they didn't even charge me... this is the type of service that keeps customers coming back.
1	Worst nail experience ever!!! Beware of nail tech named Kenny. He repeatedly ran the drill over my cuticles until I started to bleed! Not just one finger, but he made me bleed on four fingers!!! I asked him to please be careful but he blamed me by saying my skin was too dry. My skin is or at least was fine before he mutilated my cuticles! And aside from his clumsiness with the drill, my pink and white acrylic full set was lumpy and poorly shaped.  He left  bits of white acrylic under the pink . His work was messy and unprofessional, and he still charged me $60! I left there I with my fingers stinging, bleeding, and very unsatisfied!
1	Terrible nails. I had to give one star just for the review. My acrylic gel nails were bumpy, glue all over my cuticles and sides of my fingers. I asked the lady to file down the bumps but in a language I couldn't understand she called 2 other ladies over and they went on and on. Still no idea what they were Saying. The lady that did my nails got up and went to the back. Another lady sat down and did my polish and wrote me my ticket $45!!! I will never be back here.
5	I usually go to Polished for everything,  but lately I've noticed their quality of work going downhill do decided to try somewhere new for a pedicure.  This salon took me as a walk in right away , they were very nice and the nail tech did an awesome job.  Her attention to detail was impeccable!  She spent an hour on my feet and it was amazing.  I haven't had that kind of treatment in years, I think I've sadly become accustomed too my services being rushed at the other salon that I forgot what a pedicure should really be! They are also cheaper than Polished. I will from now on come here for my pedicures.  I don't know how their nail service but if you want a good priced high quality pedicure this is the place to go!
1	Horrible.... simply a horrible manicure .... I will never return here again cut me 5 times in a 12 minute manicure
3	I stopped by this place on my way home today because it's closer than my favorite nail salon. It's very small and they were very busy but the staff were all really nice. The elder lady who did my pedicure was very thorough and wonderful! I wanted to give my nails a break from gel polish so I only got a basic manicure. I felt like the lady who did my manicure could have shaped the edges of my nails better instead of leaving them so sharp but I'm overall happy with the final result. I didn't feel like they had a very soothing atmosphere though, which could be because it's such a small salon (only 6 manicure stations and 6 pedicure chairs) and they were busy but I didn't feel as relaxed during my time there as I do when I normally go to the nail salon. I also felt like they needed more polish options, more colors to choose from. The quality of their work is good and I would go back but it's not my first choice because of their hectic atmosphere. I give it 2.5 stars.
1	This place is awful! The staff is not friendly, and they are very rough! I went for a pedicure and the lady cut my toe twice and used the razor on my feet after I asked her not to... Do not recommend this place to anyone! Definitely will never go back!
