5	I found that the office hours are very convient for me because they are open on Saturdays. Dr. Kelsey was very friendly (as well as the Techs that helped me)and made me feel comfortable with my decision to choose Tempe Eyecare Assoc.    I can't forget to mention the selections of frames were excellent and it only took three days for me to receive my new specs! I definitely would recommend this place as the place to go for Eyecare.
5	I found this practice by an accident turn and it turns out to be the most pleasant experience I ever had, visiting an eyecare doctor. I was impressed by the cleanliness and organization of the office and friendliness of staff. It was easy making an appointment and having your insurance checked out right away prior to visiting the doctor. Dr. Kelsey is very down to earth and funny. He made it very clear and easy for me to understand his medical lingual. He took time to thoroughly checking out my eyes, listened to my concerns, explained things that I can understand and gave me the best eyecare options to choose from. He's ESPECIALLY FUNNY! My surprise encounter of finding this office has become a very pleasant experience. Your office and staff are AWESOME. Thank you and please continue with the great work!!!
4	Staff and Doctors were very nice and helpful.  I enjoyed the experience with choosing my frames.  I also enjoyed the frames they carried.  I am a guy that likes more of a sporty look and I loved that fact that they carried some nice Oakley frames.  I will definitely continue to be a patient of their's.
5	I've been relying on Dr. Chrisagis' excellent care and service for the past 15 years or more. About 10 years ago, I moved to Idaho but have come back every year for my annual appointment with Dr. See.  I couldn't be happier with both the doc and his fine staff.
5	Best place to go for your eyes!  Great staff, friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Whether dealing with a serious vision diagnosis or routine exams, Dr. Chrisagis has been our go-to guy for 20+ years. The staff--some of them there since I've been a patient--is caring and helpful every step of the way, from  scheduling, to insurance matters, to selecting frames and fitting, and their equipment and technology are always up to date. Family members and friends we have referred to Tempe Eyecare Associates have all been happy with the care as well.  There is no one I would trust more with my vision care.
5	Dr. Chrisagis is awesome!I had been going to eye masters, then a friend recommended me to an eye doctor in Ahwatukee, right by my house who was all about the money and charged outrageously, put me in a toric lens.Then I found Dr. Chrisagis in my VSP insurance book, probably 3-4 years ago and recommend him to everyone! He is down to earth, gives you options without saying you have to do the most expensive one. He explains everything to you in detail. Very knowledgeable and personable!The office is nicely decorated, comfortable and the office staff is always pleasant.
5	I love Dr. Chrisagis and his staff.  My family and I have been patients at Tempe Eye Care more than a decade.  Even when I didn't have eye insurance, I paid to see Dr. Chrisagis.  He and his staff are funny, light-hearted, patient, will adjust/clean my daughter's glasses anytime I drop by.  They offer a range of eye ware from "Huh, I can afford that" to "Whoa, those are expensive, but they look so good on my face!".  AND I can get same day contacts because he stocks them like crazy.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Chrisagis for many years.  He's got a great sense of humor but professionalism is not sacrificed.  Same goes for the staff.  I always feel like they go above & beyond each time I go in for an exam.  A few years ago I experienced a torn retina & the specialist he referred me to handled me with great care & took care of the issue immediately.  I feel like Dr Chrisagis stays current with the latest research on things we can do to maintain healthy vision, especially as we age.
4	Dr. John Chrisagis is a patient, thorough doctor. However, he is also very candid and funny. I only see him once a year for a check-up, but each time I am impressed with his clear explanations and suggestions. Only 4 stars because my appointment took an hour and a half and I was one of the first appointments of the day. Also, the support staff, while very friendly and accommodating was a bit all over the place. I was passed off to 3 different assistants during my visit. This seems to be unusual, but it was a bit confusing. Overall, the office is clean, professional and you can't find a better guy than Dr. Chrisagis - and he's the one you are trusting with your health.
5	I recently returned to Dr. Chrisagis after multiple unpleasant experiences with a big chain eye center.  I was with Tempe Eye Care for over a decade, prior to my employer changing coverage, but I will stick with them going forward regardless of insurance provider.  Outstanding customer service, top quality care in a clean and comfortable office with a huge selection of frames and sunglasses.  My family of five happily drive 18 miles from home to get the best eye care around.
5	Great service and I have seen 2 other eye doctors prior. Dr. Kelsey took the time to take a good case history and get to the problem! I'm looking forward to my new prescription. Thank you.
5	Dr. Chrisagis has been my eye Dr for almost 25 years and I do not trust anyone else with my eye care. He is knowledgable & honest, always working with me to find the best way to improve my sight. Many of his staff have been with him for years and I think that says a lot about him and the staff, I appreciate that consistency. I have recommended Dr C to many friends and they love him too. Great care and selection of frames, wonderful staff assisting with questions & picking out the right frames. I will continue "seeing" Dr C for years to come!
5	I've had a great experience at Tempe Eyecare! I've had 3 different optometrists exam and prescribe glasses that didn't help my eye twitch. Since I've had Dr. Kelsey suggest wearing the glasses full time as well as correcting the problem with the proper diagnosis, my eye has greatly improved. I have had to have the glasses remade a few times because of my eye improving and they have taken care of the expense of that as well. I couldn't give them a better review. Thank you for being so understanding and helpful.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. John Chrisagis at Tempe Eyecare since 1988.  I find him to be extremely knowledgeable and thorough. I have a couple of conditions he is watchful of, one called cupping, the other is a family history of glaucoma. Originally I wore contacts, however, now I only use glasses.  In addition to being very professional and personable, he is so honest about not trying to sell me something I don't need.  For example, the last several visits my prescription has changed very little.  Rather than trying to sell me glasses I don't really need, he advised that drug store readers would be sufficient, and that I really don't need bifocals as my distance vision is almost 20-20--it has actually improved with age!
5	My husband has been going here for years but I've only been a patient for 2 years. My appointments have always been very well organized, moving from one machine to the next, into the room and with the doctor. Everyone in the office has been friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.Dr. Chrisagis has never seemed rushed although I assume he has many patients. He's candid and thoughtful in his recommendations.  I'm very happy to be a patient and will continue to be one for years to come.
2	I saw Dr. Kelsey and he was nice but I was not impressed with the overall test that were conducted. The test were not very thorough and the doctor actually told me he just "does this once and awhile as a hobby" that's something you don't really want to hear from a doctor. He also tried offering me some services from his side business of career coaching. Everyone was very nice and polite. I was overall disappointed with the quality of the work during the visit.
