4	When in Rome, do as the Romans do, right? Out in Surprise, AZ there aren't to many independents to chose from but just about every chain you can think of. Including a new Barro's at the corner of Greenway and Reems which is just a mile from my bff's house. They not only have a decent pizza but some of the meatiest wings Ive had in ages! We ordered the daily special which is a 1 topping, XL pizza and 24 wings, bone in or boneless for 23 bucks! We got a pepperoni and 24 honey bbq wings, bone in.. I love a good bone! Anyhoo..Pizza is ample topped with thin slices of slightly oily pepperoni and has a chewy and slightly crispy crust. The wings are tender and the thick rich honey bbq taste was memorable. For 23 bucks and with the amount of leftovers, probably 2 meals, a real bargain. Plus the quality really seems to be there in both the ingredients and the friendliness of the staff. I suppose I can consider myself a Roman now, wuff!
1	I had to give it one star because the bad service and saggy bread meatballs sandwich I received. I would not go there again!
5	We've had their pizza delivered and have gone there for lunch.  It has always been awesome.  The staff there is always friendly.  Never had one problem.
3	We have been here a few times and I have not yet been that impressed! Friends continue to tell me how great this place is? I don't get it!!! Pizza is pretty much plain. Nothing special about sauce, dough, or anything! Maybe we should dine in and see how it is right out of the oven? I'll let you know how that goes? In the mean time, place is just OK!
4	This was the first pizza place I tried when I moved here and by far I think it has the best pizza. The wings are good and the delivery is fast and with a smile. The staff has always be fair and kind even when they are busy. I love this place.
3	We were in town for Spring Training and gave Barro's a whirl. It claims to have chicago style pizza but I was born and raised there. Chicago style thin crust never has topping on top of the cheese. And it's never pie slices, always square. If you forget their claim it's decent pizza. I like the chewy crust. We ordered the special with wings and it was a good value. Lots of food. The wings were far better than expected - lightly breaded and meaty. The hot actually had some heat so that was an added bonus.
5	Best pizza in surprise. My family and I love the crust and the specialty pizzas are a nice change from the sea of sameness found out in the pizza chain world.
2	Keep in mind, as you read this review that it isn't so much the issue, but how it is handled...or not handled in this case. This was communicated to Barro's on April 4, 2012 and as of today, April 10th I have not spoke to anyone regarding this situation.  I understand that mistakes happen but again, it's how the mistake is addressed that can make or break a customer.Surprise, AZ LocationOrder 5730I just tried calling twice and was hung up once when trying to be put on hold and was on hold for over 5 minutes the second time.  That probably lends to my frustration at this point.I called in an order at 6:20pm and was told 20-25 minutes and I showed up at 6:45 and was told my pizza wasn't ready.  After waiting TWENTY FIVE minutes I went up to the girl and asked her to check on my order.  After running around, she found it in the warmer and it had been sitting there the entire time!!  She said she was sorry but the order was under Linda Miller, not Melinda Miller.  Really??  At what point do you look at the order and realize it's the SAME person?We actually stopped going to Barro's last summer due to issues just like this and this was some kind of welcome back.  We live around the corner and I'm pretty sure you'd agree, I shouldn't have to heat up a luke warm pizza, I paid for a hot pizza.Hopefully you can use this feedback and get your act together.
4	Love Barros and have always had good service!
4	fast and friendly good food.
4	This is a great place to dine in and try the lunch special.  Inexpensive and fast for lunch.  As for the pizza, I was impressed with the large ham pizza we had.  The cheese was stringy as I pulled each slice off the pan, delicious.  The pizza had a lot of cheese on it and was great.  I would describe the sauce as more on the sweet side.  I know some prefer bitter, but the sweeter sauce goes great with the more salty ham pizza we had.  We ordered a large pizza and between our family of 4 we could not finish it.  At only $11 for a large I consider that a great value.  Much of Barro's success is its super low prices and hot, fresh cheese they use.  The original crust also has a nice seasoning to it.  As for drinks they do offer beers, wine, and soda is at the $1.25 to 1.75 mark depending on size.  You refill your own soda, so about the norm price for a fast food place on drinks.If your looking for inexpensive pizza and want to dine in try Barros pizza.  Nothing like fresh pizza that does not hurt the pocket book.
5	I love the pizza here.  I used to come to Barro's all the time when I worked from home for lunch.  They have a great lunch special!  You can get a drink and a slice for $2.50!  Who can complain about that??  The pizza is really good, too.  I took my family there for dinner the other night and the whole family had pizza and a drink for about $20,  and we had leftovers!
1	Ordered a gluten free pizza and salad, wanted to try it out.The pizza was not that great, crust was ok but topping included way too many raw onions and inconsistent vegetable sizes. Also because there were too many large watery veggies it made it extremely difficult to eat. Way too heavy of a pizza.The antipasta salad included mushrooms even though it didn't say so online. Again with all the raw onions yuck. The lettuce tasted horrible too.. I made it somehow through half of the pizza and a quarter of the salad before giving up on them. Glad I didn't pay much for it otherwise I wouldn't be a happy camper!The staff there are a little odd too..
4	Very tasty pizza! Get the buffalo chicken pizza. It's fantastic!
2	Totally disappointing. We have ordered pizza from here before and they are usually quick and deliver hot food.....tonight was different. Our food was cold and disgusting. What a disappointment! Im sitting here mad and hungry. Not a good way to spend a sat night.
5	My favorite pizza place in Surprise.  We get Barrows every Friday night for pizza night with our kids.
2	2.4/5 stars - Can't decide if this pizza was actually good or bad. Kind of tasted like a freshly made frozen pizza if that makes any sense. Crust wasn't thick or thin and had a lot of bubbles, can't remember the sauce, and the cheese was thin. Kind of reminded me of a very good Totinos Party Pizza.
4	The pizza was great!. Good amount of sauce and flavor. We also had the boneless wings which were also fantastic. It has a classy, friendly feel and it was clean. The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is the food came out a little slow but it was also a Friday night. Overall we will be back again.
4	Overall, I would say they are probably my favorite pizza chain around.  Their pizza, breadsticks and wings are all good and their price is fair.  I consider them to be a much better option over something like Domino's or Pizza Hut, but my favorite pizza in the valley is still Brother's Pizza.  I would definitely recommend checking them out if you are in the mood for pizza.  They are my go-to choice for pizza night!
3	We ordered a specialty pizza (chicken wing) to try Barro's for the first time.  The pizza overall was ok.  The cheese and chicken tasted the best and of good quality.  The wing sauce tasted a bit on the greasy side, and the crust will thick, somewhat tasted of frozen quality.  The price for this large specialty pie came to $18.  I generously gave this place and this pizza a 3, but the with the high price and crust quality could easy have dropped to a 2.  This wasn't what I expected, but would consider giving them another chance.
5	We had our school night there last night. It was packed, people seemed happy, and as always, their pizza was very good! Barro's is always generous to our school and I appreciate them very much.
5	My FAVORITE pizza! And although I do enjoy the toppings (such as hot wing, kona, Barros special & mega meat), I would say it is greatly because of the delicious crust :DI've read others reviews where they say there's nothing special about it, but I would beg to differ. It is crusty on the outside, soft on the inside & it doesn't give me an upset tummy after eating it, lol. They also have gluten free crust for those who prefer it. This is also the only pizza place I know that sells it's pizza dough! You have to call ahead of time so they'll have it packed for you, but isn't that cool?  For lunch they sell pizza by the slice & have different pizza's available on different days of the week. The only thing I don't like is that they have such a great relationship with all the local schools (which is good) that during the school year they sometimes reserve the entire restaurant (which is bad), leaving no seating room for any walk in guests. That doesn't quite seem fair. I love kids, but I love to eat my pizza sitting down too, lol! I'm terrible that way ;)
5	I really enjoy pizza and wings fro Barro's Pizza, and to think I found out about this place through my lady!  :-) They are also exceedingly fast at their delivery service (which is very good to me, prompt service that is), and I can also remember one time when my lady had placed an order, and they were running late, well when they got to our home, they automatically "upgraded the order" to a Large Pizza instead of a small one! Thanks Barro's.....  You are the bomb !!!  :-)
5	Barro's Pizza, I always order Barro's Pizza  When I don't feel like cooking dinner. This time I didn't have enough funds for a large pizza, so I Order a small  with some chicken wings and they also  were late. To my surprise they upsize my order to a large I was so excited!!!!!  Usually they are on time with delivery.
4	I love the pizza, wings and salad bar.  We always get their original crust pizza which is delicious but lately they have been putting a little more sauce than I prefer so we started ordering thin crust which is so yummy!  The wings are so yummy and they offer both regular wings and boneless.
4	Having 3 gluten free people in the house we were thrilled to find the GF pizza at Barro's! Thank you, it is so nice to enjoy pizza with the rest of the family!
1	The worst pizza place on the west coast of america, well I take that back the worst in the WORLD! it is ran by kids and they have no management.
4	Every time my family and I have ordered from here it has been delivered fast and hot. We usually always order the teriyaki chicken pizza because it is our favorite, we love the sauce. The crust is fluffy and delicious. We have not been disappointed yet. This is our go to pizza place especially because of the price and flavor, you can't beat it.
5	This is my favorite Chicago style pizza in the area. If you get one of their two pizza deals, it doesn't kill the wallet and it is decent food.
4	What can I say...I love pizza and especially Barro's pizza. The delivery time was outstanding, it only took 10 minutes for its arrival. The only thing better than the delivery time was the pizza itself. I've been called a purist because I enjoy a good only fashion pepperoni pizza, plain and simple. Barro's came through as usual and provided a slice of heaven. The pizza was fresh and hot, which meant that it didn't last long.The only reason I didn't give five stars is because the prices are a little above the average price for similar pizza, but the pizza was definitely worth it. This isn't my first Barro's pizza and it definitely won't be the last.
4	We come to Barro's Pizza in Surprise at least 2 times a month. The pizza is great and extremely consistent. Their dough, cheese, and sauce is definitely primo! It is a very family friendly place although it is a bit pricier than other pizza places...but it is worth it. I would definitely suggest the original crust cheese pizza and the medium boneless wings. The wing sauce is awesome! If you are looking for a great lunch spot as well, Barro's is great. Everyday until 4pm they have slices of pizza for $1.75. As well as a speciality pizza of the day. Saturdays is Kona and that is hands down my favorite pizza they make! Today my husband and I got 3 slices of pizza, a salad, and a large drink for $9.00. That is a great deal for 2 people. I didn't give Barro's five stars because their delivery times and service needs some work. Their delivery times are never under an hour and the couple of times we did order delivery our order was wrong and cold. So if you want hot pizza and hot wings I would definitely suggest dining in.
4	We love going there for a affordable family dinner.  Good food, good prices.The bad - a couple of time we have got take and our orders were wrong:( so must check! and always busy which is good for them but hard to get a table and it gets very loud.Overall good pizza n wings and we go there repeatedly.
3	For my reference an x-lg pizza is 12 slices. The $26 deal of a 1 topping xl pizza and 24 wings is all for the wings. 24 wings alone is $16.99. The xl pizza is $11.99. Ill stick to the 2 lg pizza deal next time.
3	Love that they have a gluten free crust option, and that my girls both loved it when they tried it.  The sauce is just okay, a bit on the bland side. Would love to see dairy free vegan cheese options.Their prices are a bit high for the quality, but customer service was polite and professional.
4	Barro's has some of the best fast/delivered pizza in the valley, and typically when I go I have a hard time not eating the entire thing myself.  The crust is actually the best part - crispy on the outside and just the right amount of soft doughyness on the inside.  The toppings are fantastic, and when you get delivery it always comes fairly quick and piping hot.Now, even though I love the crust it does come with a warning - eating this crust is like ingesting a bag of concrete.  If I'm enjoying a Barro's pizza I know I won't be taking many restroom breaks for the next week or so, if you know what I mean.
4	Loove the lunch menu! Inexpensive and filling. Cheaper than most fast food places with a home flavor. I love when I get to have lunch here
4	Love Barros pizza- so for that I give them 4 stars. Everything we've ever ordered here is always very good and tasty. the only reason I give 4 and not 5 is service is always the least friendliest and at most time rude every time I call to order for delivery or pick up- always rude. Barros quality keeps us coming back though :)
4	Their pizza is usually pretty good. They have decent dough (if you like a slightly thicker crust) sauce is great and toppings are fresh (not canned) and plentiful.The only problem is when you call to place your order. You will be put on hold. And I mean you will ALWAYS be put on hold. Try it! I have ordered maybe 20+ times and 20/20 its, "thank you for calling, please hold." It's so routine that it's comical.When you go into the store you'll see about a dozen or so kids just meandering about, folding boxes, talking, whatever. If the phone rings, they will walk over, answer, put on hold, then go back to their "work" or whatever... It is absolutely hilarious- but sometimes it's rather annoying,Barros- Please stop making PPH (Putting People on Hold) part of your training process. It is okay to just answer the phone and take the order. Surely, you can train all your employees to accomplish this task.You will receive 5 stars if you can fix this!
4	Haven't had a bad visit yet! Friendly staff and pretty tasty pizza. I do enjoy it more at the restaurant versus take out though the delivery isn't too shabby. I guess there is something to be said about it being brought to you versus schlubbing around town to get it yourself. They even deliver all the way over to me in El Mirage. I prefer crispy thin crust (NY style) pizza and they are able to accommodate easily and happily. The toppings are fresh and not greasy. And they are great community partners by offering restaurant night fundraisers as well. Gotta love that! Looking forward to future visits!
1	Tried to enjoy night out with family and within ten minutes of sitting down, the dining room was turned into a football league sign up station with standing room only loud kids and parents.  Not a professional business!  Not what we has in mind.
4	This place has solid pizza and the wings are above average.  Get the breadsticks with cheese on them.  It's pretty amazing.   iOS the best pizza place in Surprise and it blows away the others here.
4	So.......I just moved into Surprise about 2 months ago.  I received a little packet in the mail with "coupons" inside.  Those things are usually junk and most of the time I toss them immediately in the trash.  This particular envelope though, I opened.  Glad I did.  Inside was a welcoming gift from Barros for a Free Large One Topping Pizza!  Score!  After a long day of driving from San Diego, my wife and I decided to order some takeout.  We got a large pepperoni pizza and we also ordered a large garden salad.  Drove down, picked it up and took it back home.  Here is how everything was..............Large Pepperoni Pizza-  I have to say, I really liked it!  It reminded me of a Costco style pie but a little bit better.  The crust was a nice medium thickness, it had plenty of good cheese, crisp pepperonis, and had a tasty sauce.  It may have been the best pizza I have had in Surprise (compared to NYPD and Luckys at least) yet.  The fact that it was free made it 10 times better too.  Even if it wasn't free, I think that a large one topping pizza was only like $11-$12.  Totally reasonable! Large Garden Salad-  This thing was well put together!  It had a ton of lettuce, chopped onions, chopped mushrooms, green peppers, little tomatoes, olives,  croutons, and a nice tasting Italian dressing.  Total for this thing was a bit over $7.00.Overall, I was impressed.  The workers over the phone and at the store were extremely friendly and chipper.  My food was ready when they told me it would be ready and the taste of the salad and pizza was great!  Our total meal was only about $8.00.  Even without the coupon, it would have been just under $20.00.  Great prices, good food and excellent service make this a place I can totally see continuing to come back to over and over.
5	Barro's is the best pizza joint around! Great food and good customer service!! You can't beat the lunch specials either.
4	Food was very good but forgot to put cheese on the spaghetti as requested:/ it was affordable and fast delivery..sad about the cheese but still tasted good:)
4	Our go to restaurant for dine in and take out. This particular location is filled with the most pleasant and active staff of any I have frequented. I have even bought pizzas in bulk for school parties. My complaints are few. I do not like the salad bar and I don't order salads there because they are made directly from the salad bar. I would prefer the salads be made from fresh ingredients in the kitchen. My other complaint is that the back room is often neglected for busing so if the main room is full. I can expect to eat among tables with dirty dishes. But the management is always professional and prompt to fix things brought to its attention.
5	After trying a local competitor we found Barro's to be the best.  Flavorful wings and delicious pizza.  And, delivers on time !!!!
1	Tried to enjoy a dinner out with my kids and within ten minutes of sitting down, the dining room was turned into a football league sign up station.  Not kidding.  Totally unprofessional for this to go on when people are trying to dine.
