5	This is an excellent little shop for shipping, printing, notary services, document shredding, and so on. It is a small independent business, and the staff is very polite and helpful. You can ship FedEx, UPS, USPS, etc. They will help with packaging, and will direct you to the best and most economical way to ship your things. At least twice I've walked in thinking I wanted to ship something UPS, but they pointed out to me that a different method would be cheaper.Please note that there IS a surcharge for shipping here. This is how they make money, so don't be surprised. Just ask what the surcharge is for various things so you're not surprised. If you ask them to box something up for you, or repackage something, or add extra services, there are going to be charges. They are straightforward about them--just ask.It might cost you $7 to ship something Priority Mail down the street at the post office, but you'll have to wait in line for an hour and deal with surly USPS employees. At Mailboxes & More, it might cost you $8 or $9, but you're paying for convenience.
3	Wait is usually long, and owner is sometimes friendly but sometimes indifferent.
4	This is a cool little shipping store. It's kinda cluttered with tons of shipping supplies, lots of mail supplies, but everything you might need. I like it!
1	I've lived in the Foothills for the past 18 years of my life. I've been going to this store to purchase stamps/envelopes for years, especially since they stay open a couple hours later than the post office. That is literally the only good thing I can say about this place. My main concern is with the owner (or whoever the man is who has been constantly working there all these years). He's always been very rude to me and I really cannot determine why. I suppose when I was younger (a teenager) he could have used my age as an excuse to treat me like complete garbage--I understand a lot of people want kids in and out ASAP. Fine. Fast forward about 10 years.. I'm now 23 and have gone back a couple times recently and received the same awful service, if not WORSE. For starters, this guy seems to hide in the back of the store so even if I did need assistance, I'd have to go searching for him to get it. What really bothers me though is that the past two times I have gone here I have gathered the things I need, gone to the register, rang the bell for service, waited, rang the bell again, waited. Both times I stepped over a few feet and saw him scrolling down a webpage on his computer. No, he wasn't on the phone. No, he wasn't actively typing an email/placing an order or anything. He was scrolling down a list (similar to eBay, Amazon). Both times I rang the bell for a THIRD time before he begrudgingly got up and was "forced" to help me.Despite his unwillingness to help and miserable attitude, I always try to remain friendly (and honestly just GTFO as soon as I can because I hate this place). The second time I went and had this same horrible experience in two months, I was a bit frustrated. As I paid for my stamp and envelope, I was digging change out of my wallet and kept pulling out nickels instead of quarters. I quietly grunted to myself, expressing mild frustration, already annoyed at having to ring the bell THREE times just to get him to get off his computer. When I expressed annoyance (at MYSELF, mind you, not even looking at him) he gets all defensive and angrily and says "What? WHAT?!" and snatches my money from me when I present it. As if that frustration was directed at him--which it wasn't. But immediately after that I vowed never to give this a******* my money again. Long story short: the owner/operator of this establishment has treated me poorly for years now. I may be the stupid one for continuously going back in, but I honestly thought that "Hey maybe this guy was just having a bad day, I'll just run in and grab my stamps" and literally have had a horrible experience every single time. There's a piece of paper taped on the counter that says "Comments and criticisms are welcome" which makes me wonder if other people have complained about his God awful customer service. My mom and brother have the same opinion of him, as he also likes to sit on the computer and ignore the bell ringing whenever we need help. If you can make it to the post office in time, spare yourself the misery and don't go here.
5	Small business, great service. They have been there for a long time. I actually have a mail box at this store for many years and always been happy. Safe and secure. Shop local !
5	Wonderful and friendly service , fast shipping at sheep price
