4	Nice find for breakfast on my way back to Phoenix from Flagstaff! Very comfortable, "eggcelent" service and good food as well! I will definitely return when back in the area!
4	I was lucky enough to go here on one of my loading days for the diet I was doing, which means I could eat anything I wanted without guilt. I had the beautiful 4 Peaks French Toast, which was absolutely tasty.The decor of the place is your standard country kitchen with the roosters and the eggs and old kitchen appliances for decor.  Very bright though. There is definitely no darkness in there.The best part... you can bring 10 friends with you and sit at one of these gimongus tables... and it will fit you all comfortably.  Even if there are only 2 of you, they will sit you at these tables.To me, those huge tables are brilliant.  Go to other breakfast places and they are always so backed up because of the large parties going out to breakfast and this just solves the whole problem.  Good for them. :)
2	After about 15 visits to this location over this last year it's time to cry uncle . Even with an occasional free breakfast due to punchcard, this place is off our rotation. Cold food , unfriendly servers  and managers. Sometimes you get a water pitcher, sometimes not. Portions get smaller and smaller with at least two price hikes. Sorry good egg, you've gone rotten.
3	It's been a while since I have been to any of the outposts of this Arizona chain.  This morning I had a business meeting in the far North valley so I looked at what was available in the area and decided on here.Chain quite often means food that will appeal to a large market share without going off in to wild tastes.  And that is what you get here.  I had the Farmhouse Benedict.  Split buttermilk biscuit topped with 2 slices of bacon, 2 turkey sausage patties, 2 slices of bacon, 2 poached eggs and all of it smothered in gravy.  While not being exciting it was OK.  I asked them to cut way back on the potatoes because I hate wasting food and they did and it was a good thing as they were unexciting also.Service was pretty good but had some pauses in it, like when I asked for my check and I was surprised how long the order took to come out.This is a pretty new building.  It is well laid out with patios on both the East and West sides so at differing times of the year you can take advantage of the sun's warmth or hide away from it in the shade.  There is at least one round counter type table set up with stools that can be used as either a group table or counter service for single diners.   When I was there the restaurant was almost vacant which is surprising for a Saturday morning at 8.Seeing what else is in the area I would consider it one of the better choices for casual sit down dining.
1	I have been to this location many times, as well as other locations (Bell and 35th, Scottsdale and Carefree).  It is a pretty good breakfast place, but the service can often be sub par at this location.   This morning, I brought my parents, wife and 2 year old there.  45 minutes after placing our order we asked how long until our food would be out, 10 minutes after that I went to find the manager.The manager treated me like I was an idiot, told me that it was taking a while because it was busy (it wasn't very busy compared to some mornings, there were a number of empty tables inside and out).  I explained to her that two tables that were seated 15-20 minutes after us have their meals, and she said it was busy again.  I then pointed out that a family of four that was seated just before us had finished their meal and left, she again told me it was really busy.I am going to assume that the waitress did not put our meal in, mistakes happen.  I understand that we all make mistakes, but it is what you do after a mistake that makes all the difference.  Don't treat your customers as if they are idiots, tell them that a mistake was made, and that you are fixing it.To add insult to injury, a waitress tried to carry all of our meals out on her arms with no tray, and dropped my mom's meal.  Happy Mother's Day!  They also forgot a side I ordered.  The manager did take 50% off the bill, in the future I will drive the extra 10 miles to Scottsdale and Carefree Highway, and I suggest you do as well.
5	Best french toast EVER! GREAT SERVICE..... and even though it almost always busy it's well worth it. Which says a LOT!
4	This place was great!! My food as well as my coffe was really delicious. Our waitress Sarah was great! they have a deal going if you purchase a entree, you get a free cinnamon roll and can I tell you the cinnamon roll was good all by itself. It was totally different. Very flaky and cream on top was awesome!! If you have not been you must go!!
3	Pretty good food but a little pricey.  I had the French toast which was about $9.  I may give it another try when I feel like the splurge.
2	Went here with some family because we were desperate for food. The food was ok, but I think I just expected to be "wowed." One thing I did like...they had a few choices of hot sauces to add to your food. The staff were friendly, but I don't think I would come back to give it another try.
4	My family and I eat here almost every Sunday... Though get here early to avoid the wait. Food is good, and they've tweaked their menu to show the calories of every dish as well, which is great for those who want to be health conscious. The prices are average, more expensive than Denny's but the food is superior than Denny's as well. Much better in service and food preparation than the Cave Creek one, which out of the ones I've tried is the worst one. The Bell road one is between the two and Camelback one is also top notch.
2	The food was good today but had horrible service from Bailey. She had no personality. She was irritated at my indecisiveness when ordering. She dropped off (literally a "walk by" drop off) the check before we were half way done with our meal. Not to mention I wanted a cinnamon roll to go.  I don't think I have not been asked "Is there anything else I can get you?"  I had to stop her from running off to tell her I needed the roll.  All in all, disappointing considering that it is my birthday and my honey had taken me out for a birthday breakfast.  On a positive the food was good.
5	On our way to Flagstaff, we stopped by the area for gas and a late lunch on a Saturday....Luckily, this place was still open... What made us try it??Cop Cars: If 3 cop cars were here eating food...then it must be filling and good. The place was almost empty so we got seated right away. The ambiance had a definite shabby chic/ country feel to it....True enough...we got our money's worth for our orders. Nothing beats eating breakfast on a non-breakfast hour....Cory got the Lumberjack and the serving was enough for his appetite. and trust me. It's hard to fill his growling athlete's stomach. He savored every bit of it....And i too got a taste of it. It was good, packed with meat...and the eggs' texture was great and the flavor was amazing. I, being the more traditional one, got my most favorite breakfast (you can even include lunch and dinner to that)...Bacon and Eggs with Toast. It came with potatoes which I was too full to even touch. I liked how it came with 5 long strips of bacon that were perfectly fried and not too salty. The eggs i ordered came out just the way i wanted. Over-Medium. If eggs were a topic. This diner makes the best out of their eggs.Service was excellent and the food held our hunger for the rest of our trip to Flagstaff...with a stopover at Sedona.
3	Although its not the best food it is exactly what a weekend breakfast/brunch spot is all about. Food is average, prices are slightly high, but the overall experience is good every time we come. Clean restaurant with fast service.
4	We had breakfast before heading out of town. Breakfast is above average.  Plenty of seating, and still had a wait on a Sunday morning - good sign.  They had complimentary coffee while you wait. Took a while to get our food, but the staff was super friendly and helped entertain our kids.  Cami, our server, was an outstanding.
3	We have been here repeatedly and they have good and bad days regretfully!   The food is always decent to really good - just a bit pricey for what you are getting.  The service is only why they are not getting another star.. the last two times we have been there - we may not be returning.  How hard is it to toast a english muffin?  and burnt is burnt... the orders even were wrong the last two times we were there.
4	Egg-themed breakfast places...our market is inundated with them. Each one has it's own little piece of flair that they bring to the table to set it apart from the rest.  The Good Egg actually has a couple of highlights that will undoubtedly bring me back.First things first...I love the menu! It's breakfast, so of course, there MUST be eggs! This menu offers an obscene number of options. The part of the menu that most intrigues me is the healthy options section. There's something called "La Casa Potencia (Power House)". This thing is DELICIOUS! The power house has 6 scrambled egg whites w/ diced chicken, fire roasted green chilies & bell pepper, topped with fresh pico de gallo. served with house black beans, a large whole wheat tortilla and salsa. All said and done, this delicious concoction has 51 grams of protein. FIFTY ONE GRAMS OF PROTEIN! Now THAT'S the way you want to start your morning!One quick word to the wise. If and when you order this meal, find a way to get the beans on the tortilla without the juices. If you just dump the beans on top of the eggs, you'll end up making a great burrito...that leaks like a sieve. So, it's delicious...but it's messy. Still...worth it!A common theme in my reviews is my love for a good outdoor seating area. This particular location (one of 15 in the Valley) has a PHENOMENAL outdoor seating area. It's absolutely gargantuan. In all honesty, I think it's about the same size as the actual seating inside the restaurant. When we were last there, it was late morning. There wasn't a single drop of sunshine shining directly on the patio. Needless to say, the weather was fantastic. Granted, it WAS in early fall, so the weather is typical perfect. But, in the summer time, this patio is still going to be shaded from the sun, thus, a great way to enjoy the outdoors without completely melting.In the Valley, you have dozens of egg-themed restaurants from which to choose. However, I feel like I've found my favorite! Low calorie/high-protein menu, great prices!VIVA BREAKFAST!!!
3	Huge menu selection. Pretty decent food. Hit or miss.
5	Can't say enough good things about the Good Egg the food,service top notch.
4	Very good and in the same class as First Watch. Substituting the potatoes with black beans is a must.
2	Food is always good, but overpriced.  Iced tea was $3   This is not the Four Seasons! This is the unfrienliest Good Egg I have been to.
4	Having the 'Hearty Breakfast' special and its amazing!! My husband had the yogurt parfait and he said it was like having desert for breakfast even though nutritionally it was probably better than mine. Service was great and was surprised to see how empty it was on a holiday weekend Friday morning but most people likely didn't get the day off. Yummy yummy!!
5	Great service and food!  Unbeatable pancakes.
1	Food overpriced, and decor was outdated in the 90's , yet they think it still works for them?  I think the last time the place was thoroughly cleaned was back in the 90's as well.  Food was ok, and that's being nice.  This place is always crowded on the weekends so all I can conclude is that people are really THAT lazy to make breakfast on the weekends.  This is a DNR......
4	We got seated in our booth and got some coffee right away. Our waitress was attentive and flexible giving us the option to put in cream and sugar in it ourselves and kept the refills coming. We both got the California Omelet special. It was pretty good. At first I thought the portion seemed small, but it was just right as I was quite full. Everyone seemed to say that this place is overpriced, but when I was looking online for other breakfast spots there were barely any within a 5 mile radius. Plenty of bagel spots, but no real competition it seemed like. I guess it makes them able to charge a premium. There were definitely plenty of options on the menu, and the place was very kid friendly.
4	Lemon blueberry pancakes were awesome.
4	Good options including low carb, high protein.  They have great service and you can get a free meal after so many.  Can't beat it... Love this place!
5	My family loves The Good Egg! They have great service and delicious food. I love the "Light" Crepe Eggs. Also, the staff is very friendly and always happy to entertain my two year old's request for "Mickey Pancakes and Chocolate Milk" right away.
5	Love this place!  Make sure to try the Bacado. It is to die form And great service as well, especially Lorina. She's fantastic!
3	The food is okay/decent and staff are always nice.  I think what really keeps me coming back is their stamp program where you can get a free meal after so many visits lol
5	I love this place. Awesome menu. Very flavorful food. I had veggie panini with basalmic vinegar and country potatoes. So good. We will be going back for more!  Staff was nice and delivered food to go very quickly.
5	By far my favorite breakfast restaurant. The staff is amazing- servers, managers, bussers alike. Everyone is extremely friendly and attentive. Every time I come the staff is working hard, and there is great teamwork. My favorite part of the experience is the atmosphere. Everyone is always happy, and it is contagious. Excellent healthy options- everyone should try the breakfast tacos! If you are looking for something a little less healthy- the Berry Amor pancakes are spectacular.
4	I have eaten at the Good Egg several times.  The service is always excellent and the breakfast is always good. Their potatoes are a bit over cooked. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I love this place.......:) the food / coffee is amazing  and I always have great service   When my kids and i go, plus I really appreciate having upbeat servers that give you a very welcoming  feeling. An extra thank you to Lorina, sienna, Miranda , and Johnny for always being  so friendly.
2	Food is decent especially for price.  The issue was cleanliness and service.  Chairs were messy and after I cleaned off the seat I didn't notice the back was covered in syrup. Now my back is covered...  The table was sticky and one of place settings was in a glass.  Glasses had soap residue as well.  I think we saw our waitress 2 times once for orders and then food a ticket.  I have been to some other GE's that were better, I won't return to this one.
4	We love to come here. The food is always good and service is always helpful. We LOVE the punch card it helps us be more loyal.
4	Good breakfast.  Always a favorite.  Friendly service, clean and quick even when there is a wait list.  Love trying all the different pancakes they come up with. Always appreciate the punch card so you get every 6th meal free.
5	I love this place. So clean. Friendly staff. This one location is very big and they have out door seating. The food is delicious. I had the day starter with scrambled eggs chorizo hash browns and English muffin. So good! It's a very laid back setting.
5	Had a wonderful early morning breakfast. My server, John, made it even better with his pleasant, attentive service. Best staff all around. What a great start to my day!
1	So I previously did a review on the tramonto good egg, and I must say im super bummed I dont feel like I can brag about this location anymore. I loved coming here with my two little ones for the upbeat environment. I dont know if the management has change or what, I do see a few new faces . The food is still good but good with a not so good vibe is just another buisness to me that wants my money and I can put my money where its really wanted and earned. After all this is a customer service industry and a customer should feel that way. Hope things change so il want to come back. :/
