4	Hilarious that I'm the third Californian to review this Sonic's.  As it were, there just aren't any here for us to go to!  While I've been the ONE i've found in SoCal (Anaheim), this one was quicker and had twice as many places to park.  It also had a drive-up one... well, it seemed like a normal drive in. People left instead of eating in their cars.  Anyways, you guys all know how it works.  Push the magical red button, order to your hearts content (GET A CHERRY LIMEADE!), and anxiously await.  There are no skates, though there was a guy who had a tray of extra napkins, ketchup, etc who walked around.  Nice touch Scottsdale.I always get a hamburger with mayo.  I was drunk the first time I had it and thought it was the best thing I had ever eaten.  Now that I've eaten it while sober, I still think it's pretty damn good.
1	I never thought any fast food (outside of In N Out) would get more than 4 stars. Besides the fact that their food tastes like roadkill, I'm still amazed. Only in Phoenix.
4	Why aren't there Sonics in MA?? It's a great alternative to other fast food, even if it isn't all that much healthier.We made a stop right before heading to the airport and my breakfast burrito of ham and cheese was simple, but great. And the strawberry smoothie I had along with it really hit the spot. The popcorn chicken we saved to eat on the plane was ok, the Toaster chicken sandwich was better, but both probably should be eaten piping hot.And can I just say - what better idea than to order and have food brought to your car in the winter in New England? Brillant, I'm telling you I should open a franchise!
3	During my time living in Maryland I've seen a good deal of Sonic commercials on the tele.  Being that I have never seen a Sonic, I was perplexed by these commercials.  So, using the power of the internets I discovered that there weren't any Sonics in the state of Maryland.When I moved to my new home of San Diego, I was confronted by the Sonic commercials yet again.  I internet-searched again and found the nearest Sonic was about 2 hours away.  My perplexion flexed into downright dismay.  Commercials are expensive endeavors--so why would a company essentially throw their money away by advertising whereever they are not located?One night, my friend Jen picked me up at the Phoenix Airport for a nice hangout weekend.  We were both really hungry and deciding where to nosh.  When out of the corner of my right eye i spy a garish forty-one hundred kelvin fluorescent beacon in the night.  I thought it was some sort of carwash or super-sized gasstation at first glance.  Jen explained that was a Sonic.  "What the fvck's a Sonic?" I replied.  To this point I have never seen a Soinic before in the flesh or in the disgusting eyesore of a prefab materials and light, as it were.  So it was decided right then and there that we would eat this Sonic.Now, I know I cannot speak for all the distant Sonics in parts of the world a young hooligan such as myself has never been to, but to this, my virgin Sonicage, I can.There is a huge slab of concrete which seemed way too large for the size of the building.  On this slab was lots of parking spots under a handfull of overhangs shining enough fluorescent light to make a operating room mildly jealous. Beside each of the parking spots was a lit-up menu with fast-food type stuffs, drinks, slushies, smoothies, ice cream sundaes, banana splits, etc.  As if this wasn't enough, they also have a drive-thru.  Again my perplexion returned.The awful shine of it all, the harshness on weary eyes... It is a monument to decadence to the point of bloatation and bloatiosity.While we were deciding what we wanted a Mexican family rolled up beside us with a roller-skated jalopy and young children in the back.  They ordered and pulled away blasting some thuggish gangsta rap as their trunk buzzed with whorish flapping sheetmetal not sealed or sealed or sealed.Jen ordered blackberry iced tea and some fried mac n' cheese bites, I, the tater-tots with cheese and a cranberry limeade. We pulled away blasting while our thuggish gangsta rap as our trunk rattled and flapped whoreishly--waves dissipating into the must of chaparral, waves lifting into the witheringchaped desert night.Got home and ate in normal lighting--Lighting that didn't make one's flesh crawl rutty-riddled with hungover insomniacian interrogation prior to a privilege afforded to be actually hungover.The drinks were surprisingly not overly sweet and made with lots of that pellet style-ice that we so heart in drinks like these.  The iced tea was quality and the crisp tartness of my cranberry limeade (with actual half of a real lime floating in it) was perfectly refreshing.  The mac n' cheese thingees tasted like a crispy fried stouffers mac n' cheese.  Sadly, these are a limited time only option. As for my tater-tots with cheese, eh, not so good.  They were just bland cafeteria-style tots with a slice of American cheese thrown ontop--A wrinkly transparent orangish shellac coalescing my tots into a gelatinous choir....and that was and is how I met a Sonic.
4	Two of my colleagues and I had a business lunch at Sonic and tour outing was very fun.I was a novice to the Sonic experience as I took everything in.The parking lot was clean, we had a nice view of a Arizona State Tree - the Palo Verde and a clear perspective of a colorful storage facility.We ordered our lunch through the Sonic Remote Audio device and paid remotely on the same apparatus, via credit card.Our lunch was delivered to the car within minutes, by our cheerful car hop waiter. I had a grilled chicken sandwich, tater tots(recommended by my friend) and a lemon/berry drink. Everything tasted great, especially enjoyed the great textures & flavor of the tater tots. The drink was perfect for our scorching Phoenix day.Sonic, looking forward to a return for another power lunch.
5	Great place and Anthony was very nice.  Quick and good
4	I am a fan, as far as the fast food industry goes. I am not usually a big fast food eater. But i was with a mom and 3 kids at the time. Tater tots, yummmm!! I am huge burger girl and will say they were pretty good. I like the convince of this place. Pull up, order, swipe ur card and the bring the food to your car! Watching and hoping they dont fall in their roller skates with the food! haha, I was so hungry! I think I will be back next time in AZ :)
3	Average to below average sonic. Slower than most.
4	Pull up to your spot, order your food, and it is brought out to your car. All the while 50's - classic rock tunes are playing over the speaker system. As far as fast food chains go this is one of the better ones. Nothing like feeling a touch of nostalgia of a drive-in joint where you can sit in your car with the windows open in beautiful weather and have the food brought to you. Happy hour from 2-4 where all the drinks are half price! Can't beat a Big Gulp sized Grape Slushie and Blue Coconut Slushie for only $1 each! Along with some tastily seasoned popcorn chicken, a ranch chicken wrap, and perfectly crispy tater tots this was a winning quick lunch!Yum - tater tots!Seems so seemless here. Pull up, press the red button, place your order, and within minutes it is brought to your car with a smile. If you want to eat outside there are some tables and chairs on a small patio in the front. How can anyone not like this?Grape slushie....Mmmmmm.
4	Convenient, close to home, fast service...what's not to like? At least once a month I ask my Peekaboo, "Want to go in the car?"... followed by an adorable tag wag. So, off we go to the local Sonic for mozerella sticks and the foot long Coney Island chili dog.
5	Yelpers,  have a question. If menus and prices vary by location, help this CA transplant figure out the best ones to try! Thanks, I've heard such good things about Sonic but have only been to the Anaheim and Hemet, CA ones while visiting.
4	Not normally a Sonic fan or fast food for that matter, but for some reason when new items come out at fast food joints, I feel compelled to try them. Remember the McDLT? The latest is the new Premium Chicken Sandwich (i tried the classic with mayo, lettuce, tomato) and used a 2-1 coupon which you can get by joining the email club. I thought these new sandwiches were pretty good, the chicken breast was thin and well cooked and seasoned and the bun was a giant Ciabatta one that held everything together well. It is pretty healthy, although you might want to get the mayo on the side to help that out because they put alot on there and its shredded lettuce, not leaf style, which is better on a sandwich in my opinion. It's under 5 bucks for one sandwich and is a decent option now if I'm in a pinch and need something tasty and healthy for lunch. Their commercials still stink, but food is improving.
1	I am honestly shocked by the good reviews but I guess I am glad others have a better experience here.Hadn't been to this location in over 3 years due to mediocre service and food. Went today to see if anything has changed. Nope.Gave us tots instead of fries. Made the Slush Floats were ordered weird... it's suppose to be a slush with ice cream inside UNBLENDED. If this is how they make them now... um... alright. They did not add my mom's petezel dog despite telling them the order repeatedly and when we pushed the button to correct this we were met with nothing but some rude guy. Pretzel dogs with bacon and cheese are suppose to have bacon bits. They gave us a big ole slice of bacon across the dog. Makes it harder to eat. Why I am not surprised that they are too lazy to cut up the bacon slices like in the picture.Goodbye forever, Sonic.
4	What a cool way to buy fast food during a heatwave, late at night in your jammies, or any time.Daughter was hungry for a Sonic burger#1. Spotted a Sonic sign ahead. We pulled into the parking lot of a fast food joint. Colorful 3' x 4' screens separated each parking space on the driver's side. I immediately recognized the old car hop vibe. Pulled into an empty space. Kept the engine running and air condition blasting. The screen turned out to be the menu, speaker, and ATM all in one. WHAT?!?!?! How innovative.Scanned the menu for items I wanted to order.Pressed the speaker button to alert the assistant inside that I was ready to order. A very pleasant, disembodied voice took my order, then said she'd be out in a few with my order. Ok, let's see how fast . . . In the meantime I inserted my credit card to finalize the transaction. Receipt rolled out.As promised, within minutes a sweet young lady arrived balancing a red tray loaded with 2 paper bags and a couple of drinks. She confirmed my order according to the receipt printed out on her side, then she handed over my booty.Handed her a tip and I was on my way with a Sonic burger & fries, classic hot dog with the works, condiments, a limeade and a blue coconut slush and 2 peppermint candies. Yaowzaaaaa!No Sonic anywhere near where I live, but when they show up I'll be one of the first in line. Love their vibe.http://www.sonicdrivein.com/
1	Would love to give more stars but what a cheapass place.  Ordered a milkshake at 7:59, by the time it arrived it was after 8:00. They are offering their half price shakes after 8:00. Even though it was delivered after 8:00 they wouldn't give it to me at half price because I ordered it one minute too soon.  I hate lazy workers who don't want to be bothered making things right for a customer.
1	So my bf and I wanted a drink and snacks since it was happy hour at 2 we went and we were in a bit of a hurry cause my bf had to go to work at 3 so it just turned 2 so we weren't really in a rush since we THOUGHT they would give us our meal in 5 min NOPE we pull up,press the red button it lights up......nothing we do it again...nothing. People next to is pulled up and ordered already. So we back out and go into another menu same thing waited about 2 min then they finally answered I asked is one of you menu broken? They said nope. So I told them what happens and we been waiting for 5-8 mins for someone to answer then they said o yeah one of the menus is broken. So I'm like alright and we ordered room about 15 min till our order came and that's when we were in a rush. Another time my bf ordered chili cheese fries they gave him what looked/tasted like plastic cold cheese fries and my strawberry limeade had way to many strawberry chunks in it I felt like I didn't even drunk anything mostly ate the strawberries and could really taste some syrup Idk it was too sweet! They need to retrain or idk but they been messing up a lot. Not gonna go here again
3	I can't imagine making it through a hot summer without my Route 44 Diet Cherry Limeades to keep me cool, so I'm a frequent visitor to the Sonic Drive-In back home.  While visiting Phoenix over the July 4th week, this Sonic, on the North side of E. McDowell between N. 48th and N. 51st, became my go-to drink restaurant of choice.What is unique about this particular Sonic is that there is a drive through, but no drive through window.  Feel free to ponder this for a moment or two.  There is a menu and a speaker where you can order whatever you like, and then you pull forward to... a solid wall on the side of the building.  No window to hand them your cash, and - most distressing of all - no window where they can hand me my humongous frosty beverage.  Well, okay, I did eventually receive my beverage as one of their servers walked out the front door and handed it to me where I tentatively pulled up to the edge of the curb.  Now, I know what you're thinking - Sonic is basically a drive up restaurant where they park and bring your food TO YOU, so why would I insist on driving through?  None of your beeswax, buster, I just do.  In addition to driving up and parking to order, there are plenty of outdoor tables, most with shade, where you can also sit, order, and enjoy your food or beverages.So, do whatever your little heart desires: park and sit in your car, park and sit at the tables, or order at the drive through and act really confused when you can't find the drive through window.  Just make sure you try the cherry limeade - trust me on this one.
5	I've been here twice so far and have had great service and fantastic food! I love the ambience of SONIC...it reminds me of the old drive-ins on Happy Days. It brings that feel-good vibe, along with good times, great food, awesome friends, cruising, and listening to the tunes.
1	The customer service at this Sonic is HORRIBLE!!!   I just went there tonight and above each of their parking slots and above their to go menu board are the signs that say "1/2 price shakes after 8 pm" and when I went to order 4 shakes for me and my co-workers I was told that they "Don't do this anymore, it was just a summer promotion."  Today is August 31st, we are in Arizona, it IS still summer!!!!  They would not honor their own advertisements!!!!  I mentioned that the signs were still up and the girl said it didn't matter that they will not honor it.  See if I go back to this Sonic ever again.
3	A quick drive in so I will give a quick review. The Slush Drinks are great and if you get it before 11:00 am the large drinks are $0.99. My favorite is the grape slush but beware of the brain freeze if you drink it to fast.The foot long coney dog with chili and onions are always fantastic.  Look for coupon specials in the newspaper or online where you can get a buy one get one free. The 3rd must have is the tater tots which are one of my faves. Their buy one get one burgers are also a good buy when it is offered. I love the slush drinks and in the AZ Summer they certainly hit the spot during the 100 degrees days.The skating concept is funny but leans a blast from the past so it is good to see that tradition being upheld.Overall I will keep on coming back for the main 3 items.
