2	Tho this location is great for us being so close to the house... they seem to never have what we need in stock... The staff is not very helpful and they never have a can do/want to help attitude... I would rather go to the other Auto Zone on craig but then again that place is ALWAYS packed! but atleast they are always willing to help out!
3	I went into get some knobs for my AC.  I walked around the store for a few minutes unable to find them.  When I asked the gentleman at he counter he insisted they did not sell them.  I let him know their website indicated they were in the store.  A woman behind he counter overheard me and led us to them.  I got the sense the guy was pretty new and the lady seemed like a manger.  Three stars for having my parts and eventually helping me get them.  I did get the sense everyone in the store wasn't on the same page.
3	Been here several times and it has been hit or miss.The misses.For every Auto Zone employee that knows their stuff, you will have another not knowing a damn thing! One time I came in needing an oil filter for my 2004 Toyota Corolla. The one sales associate looked up the part number, went down one of the aisles, and handed me the oil filter. Great service I thought but when I got home to install it in my car, I noticed the one I pulled out looked nothing like the then new I got. Turns out the new filter was for a Camry. So I went back and got the correct one by double checking the oil filter parts directory that they had in that same aisle. Damn that was such a hassle to come back.Another time I needed a cabin filter for my 2012 Hyundai Sonata so I called them on the phone to see if they had any in stock. The guy I talked to said they had them there so off I went. As soon as I got there and asked for my filter, another guy that didn't talk to on the phone informed me that the filter was not an on the shelf item meaning it has to be special ordered. Come on man! Why didn't you guys tell me that  on the phone? Turns out the guy I talked to was "New". Still though, that doesn't give you a good excuse to give out bad service. So I ordered it and waited for them to call.The Hits.The battery for my Corolla was dead one time so it wouldn't start. Took my battery here and they tested it. The results were that I had a good battery still and that my alternator was probably shot. So a few days later I brought my alternator in to have them test it and yes, the test revealed that the alternator was bad. They had one on the shelf ready to go so I was a happy camper that day.One of the headlights for my Corolla went out so I went to go get another light to replace it. The guys behind the counter recommended I change my headlights as a pair because more than likely the other one was gonna go out shortly after. I thought that they just wanted me to spend more money so I said no thanks, this one will do. A month later, just like they said, the other light went out. So from that point on, I knew to change any headlights as a pair when any one of them burned out.So you see, my experiences here at this location is 50/50. Not sure if its a training thing or just a lazy employee thing but if these guys ever want to have any good consistency than they definitely need to work on it.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #85
