5	Moda Fina is a great place to shop for jewelry.  It's discounted pricing without the discount feel.  The setting is what you expect from a luxury jeweler, but with a friendly feel.  I frequently come in wearing jeans and tennis shoes and have always been treated with the same care as a celebrity.  I also trust this company with all my repairs.  They do quality work and guarantee their repairs.  No high pressure sales techniques, just an honest desire to help you find what you want at the price you want to spend.  I agree with the previous comment that Steven is the best!  I will continue to drive across town to shop at Moda Fina for all my jewerly needs.  The drive is worth the service and selection!
5	Excellent , very upscale jewelry boutique.  They will custom make anything and did a wonderful job on my wedding ring.  They were very patient through the process and I was impressed.  They are only open 9-5 M-F so you really have to live a life of leisure or something to shop here.  They just happen to be across the street from my office so I could go at lunch.Just as a hint of the customer base, Muhammad Ali is a regular and I saw him once while getting sizing done.
5	It doesn't get any better!  Moda Fina not only has the finest jewlery, but it also has the latest styles and on trend looks.  Everything from classic to trendy, Moda Fina has it!  The service is the best and this upscale store makes your whole shopping experience ah-mazing!  Whoever says "Money can't buy happiness"...hasn't shopped at Moda Fina! lol!
5	Heartfelt thanks to Moda Fina for giving such special care to my mothers 35 year old wedding ring.  It had a broken prong and was quite dirty.  They fixed the prong, buffed up the ring and cleaned the diamond and its setting.  It looks like a brand new ring (and she said, "Is that my wedding ring?")!  Lori is an absolute angel and couldn't have been anymore wonderful or helpful.
5	Uri and Steve are awesome. Great watches to custom priced right engagement rings. They are the best. Check them out!!
5	If I could give them a 10 out of 5 I absolutely would! These people are AMAZING!!! I recently had my engagement ring made here. We had several diamonds from family pieces that we wanted to incorporate into the design. Our primary designer, Orly, read my personality and style immediately. She saw what we had to work with and came back in a couple minutes with the PERFECT idea. I couldn't believe she was able to put together exactly what I wanted and even MORE! She gave us a very reasonable estimate and the ring was completed within a few weeks as promised. When I came to pick it up I had so many tears of joy and was shaking...to the point where they even offered me a ride home. Kudos to Moda Fina! You guys are the classiest act in town! THANK YOU!!!
5	Best jewelers in town.  Their time is limitless when helping you to find or create your perfect piece. Excellent quality and craftsmanship.
5	Hello my name is Jaime Johnson from FL and I recently purchased a pendant from Moda Fina Fine Jewelry. I dealt with Paul who was very cool and easy to talk to. The service was amazing because I received my charm in 3 days. The quality and workmanship of my jewelry is A+. I will be coming back to their online store very soon for sure. Will be recommending friends and family to give them a try. Thanks again.
5	Best experiences and best jewelers in town. Being a very high-end jewelry boutique your time in there is worth every second. They will find the piece you have been looking for.
