1	Garbage. Look at aros grill, the former name.
4	First and foremost, this is a SPORTS BAR.  This is not cuisine at it's finest, it's bar food.  And hot bar food at that!!  Had the potato skins and the green chili burger, the skins were hot and fresh, and the burger had real green chilis under the monterey jack cheese.  Beer is cold and tastes fresh, I'm rating this high on the sports bar scale.  Monday Night Football was playing on the big screen, and there were flat panels on every corner.  There is a small stage set up for a band, I presume on Friday-Sunday nights.  It looked like we were sitting in the middle of the dance floor, because we were.  This is redneck at it's finest!!  I'll be back again!!
1	From the outside it looked like a good place to cowboy food. Turned out to the the worst bar food ever. My boyfriend ate the Chicken Parmesan and it made him very stomach sick.My patty melt tasted like a sponge soaked in clarified butter. The burger had no flavor and the grilled onions were mush. Add to the experience, a waitress who did not care.
5	Just had the 1/2 pound burger and fries, yummy. Looks like a lot of the reviews on this site is from friends of other restaurants nearby trashing the place. The burger took me back to Bob's Big Boy days of my youth in Scottsdale, AZ. Cooked to order, medium well, I will go back and order that one again.
2	Might be good for the over 40 crowd but was a little lame for me. Tried the sriracha wings & they were pretty tasty but other then that this place just isn't worth another visit
2	Prices are really cheap, but bad interior. Beers is warm and live band is not good. A lot older crowd than expecting for Saturday night. Average age is 50+  Didn't eat because entire appetizer menu is deep fried, but the prices were good, just wish beer was cold.
3	I don't want to leave a bad review here, it may be a great place for the crowd it attracts. My girlfriend and I went here to scope out the place since this is the only bar walking distance from both of our places. As girls in our mid twenties, I can say this place is a no go. The first thing I noticed when we walked in was the smell. It was strange; the closest thing that comes to mind is "nursing home." We ordered a drink, listened to the live music for a minute or so and left. The obviously older crowd, however, seemed to be having a great time.
5	Awesome food & great friendly staff. Awesome new owners,  this is definitely NOT the old Aros Grill.  A definite must try...
5	Our favorite little bar down the street. Cold beer for cheap prices. Good food and a good sized menu, I like the western burger. Karaoke is here on Tuesday nights with Dave! Live bands on wednesday through Saturday. We love Johnny the bartender, but every bartender has been awesome.
2	Had dinner at the bar.
4	We are not big fans of sports bars, so I am not rating the environment, only the food and the service.We came here due to a coupon we had... that is how we try new places.We both had the meat loaf Thursday special, I wish we would have ordered one meat loaf and one sandwich, we were considering the spicy chicken sandwich.Dinner was OK, I am not a big fan of meat loaf either, not sure why I decided on it, but it has bacon on top and that made for it. It was smothered on gravy, which I do not like much either, came with mashed potatoes and green beans (lately I eat my green beans lightly sauteed, so these felt way over cooked, but they were still good, with bacon and onion... so far all this is 3 stars or so.However, we noticed the menu said they make their home made chili beans with chorizo, and since my hubby is a big fan of chorizo, we decided to order a cup just to give it a try. I believe it was $3.5 for a cup, and $5.99 for a bowl.Well, the chili arrives and it is bigger than we expected, that was between 1.5 or 2 cups... it had cheese on top and raw onions. It looked good, and very reasonable portion... actually we were both thinking maybe we mistakenly got a bowl instead of a cup. Hubby had like half and he loved it. He said 5 stars out of 5. He saved the leftovers for a breakfast burrito : )Lastly, our server Jill was very friendly and attentive.This place is not close to home but we would probably stop here again if we are in the neighborhood... or craving chili beans. : )**I noticed they are open for Breakfast on weekends, we may give that  a try too...
5	Stopped in to try the food. I own a restaurant so I look at things a little differently. Clean and comfortable, nice place. Had the rib special, and it was really, really good. Lacy the bartender was attentive without smothering you. All in all, a great lunch.
5	Reasons I love this bar:1. They serve Pinot Grigio (this is very important to me)2. They have purse hooks3. They have something going on every night wether it be karaoke, live bands, or dance lessons4. They have a pool table5.  Good food6.  Everyone is nice7.  They put beer in mason jars8. They have twelve different beers on tap
2	Food is ok nothing really special. Went on a weekend night and it smelled really weird in there. They had line dancing which was cool but I think the average age in there was 50. We only stayed about an hour but we got 2 drink and they were both pretty gross. Way to strong and not good alcohol. Most likely will not revisit.
2	Not a bad place to go but definitely wouldn't be my first choice of a bar I'd ideally go to. It's convenient to go to watch football however because there are flatscreens everywhere and it is also really close to my apartment. I've been here three times and service isn't bad but it wasn't great. I definitely had to wait about 20 mins to get serve. They aren't very attentive and don't really seem to care much about their guests. We usually sit by the pool table where the bartender can clearly see us yet every time we're there they still seem to ignore us knowing we've been sitting there waiting for a while. Okay I'm a server/bartender I know that even if its not you're section you should still acknowledge your guest. .Overall Food was good, service was decent and the atmosphere was okay.
1	SCREW THIS PLACE!!! If you want a bar with crappy bartenders and a boring crowd then this place is for you! Make sure you're not too loud though, you might make the crappy live band upset. Oh, and I'm warning you now of the funky smell that this place has and trust me it's not a good smell, when I say funky I mean horendous! To sum up, if you are lame, over 40, and like the smell of funk this is definitely the bar for you.
2	Went for a steak, and decided on the All You Can Eat Fish Fry.......It was very busy, so service was slow. It was also Line-Dancing night so I wasn't thrilled by the music. The fish was a joke, seemed like something that 7min prior was frozen, and the fries were very very basic. I ordered round 2 of the fish and was told that another order of fries was extra. This place needs to take a Fish Fry serious, or simply take it off the menu. Local place I may try again for a Steak, but not really sure about the C&W Music playing. Its a turn off for me.
