4	Ridiculous to find the place the first time but it's all worth it.  I go here on Wednesdays for Ladies Night.. if you have your own gear it's 100% free.  If not I think it's 8 dollars.   The place is dirty and under construction.. sometimes the holds spin and make you fall... but it's all part of it's charm I think.  It's good, cheap fun all while getting an awesome workout that will leave your arms hurting for days.  If you are allergic dogs watch out because there are 4 giant Rottweilers locked up in the office at all times.
4	me and a coworker came here for the first time last tuesday. we both had the day off and figured we'd get into something active, for once. one of our coworkers is seriously into climbing so he suggested we try indoor first.we went in around 1:30pm, on apparently a "slow day", which was perfect for us. it was $20 each, but it included instruction on how to climb (he sat and gave us instruction while each of us climbed and spotted), harness and shoe rental, and free climb for the entire day (we only stayed for like 2 hours). keep in mind - we're both afraid of height, and i'm afraid of falling. but after the first run, it was such a rush! you really have to think about your path and what you're doing up on that rock, which is a total challenge because you're hanging on the side of a rock, clinging for dear life (ok, not really, but its still scary).yes - the place is a little run down, but for a first run, its definitely a start. i'm sure we'll be back!
2	Let me start with saying that I'm an avid climber that works at a climbing gym in San Francisco. I have pretty high expectations but I work at an amazing gym and I have climbed at many other climbing gyms. To start, the bouldering wall was horrible. It was barely 7 feet tall and super small. About 90% of the routes were unmarked and almost all the holds were really dirty. So we moved onto the walls which were not much of an improvement. Again, almost none of the routes were marked and a majority of the holds were really dirty. The floors also had horrible padding so falling was a bit of a concern. I would highly recommend not going to this gym.
4	I recently found out a dirty little secret: my friends have been rock climbing all summer long...without me! Mind you, I've never gone rock climbing, but I love all things athletic and novel!After discovering their indiscretions, I decided to go with some coworkers on Ladies Night (Wednesdays, $5 day pass with a local ID. With shoes and the harness, it comes out to $13). Getting situated was a bit of a hot mess - the line spanning to the door, completely passing by the liability waiver, the guys working there scrambling trying to accommodate a random influx of customers. After everything was figured out, the two Kevin's were so friendly and helpful! If you've never been rock climbing, the belaying lesson is free. After that, you're set free to climb one of nearly thirty walls. In case that didn't suit your fancy, they have the bouldering contraption or various harness to test your acrobatic skills. The only downside of Nevada Climbing Centers was the fact that a few walls were run-down. Loose rocks prevented some climbing, whereas completely missing rocks made climbing extremely difficult for a noob like me. Aside from that, the staff are friendly, and for the price, I'd go every Wednesday!
5	Nevada Climbing Center is under new ownership (beginning of Dec 2011) and they are REALLY cleaning up the place - cleaning and rebolting the routes, retagging the routes with fresh tape, clearly marking the different class runs (great for a beginner such as myself!). Very friendly and helpful staff. They are building a new bouldering wall, but right now are focusing on getting the rope walls finished. I was over there tonight and I would say about 3/4 of the walls looked freshly tagged. Three are still 3 resident dogs, but lab retrievers now - very friendly pups but they are generally locked behind the counter. Rates are the same as before as far as I can tell, and if you climb even more than a little, the $70/month couples membership can't be beat.
5	Nevada Climbing Centers has been overtaken by New Management as of 2012, and it shows. The overall cleanliness isn't the newest improvement, but the New Routes, New Floors and new Bouldering feature are a great examples of things to come. I am a beginner climber and the new staff is very welcoming and anxious to get new climbers started. they have been very helpful in coaching me on the proper ways to the belay and climb and also encouraging. I have a great time everytime I've been this year and excited to get back into shape.
4	I have been climbing at NCC for about a year and a half, and have thoroughly enjoyed my time climbing there.  It's not the prettiest gym, but the people are friendly and the routes are good and constantly changing.  Since the new management has taken over, this place has only been improving - the only downside, it's become much more crowded, typically with birthday parties full of kids.  The staff is friendly, laid back, and very helpful, and happy to give advice to climbers of all skill levels.  The laid back attitude can sometimes backfire when little kids or soccer moms with video cameras walk infront of you while you're in the middle of a boulder problem, but the problem is not that common (yet frustrating when it happens).  But all-in-all, if you're on the south side of Vegas, this is your place to climb if you want to climb in a gym.
5	New owners and new ideas! The old owner left and the new ones have a bunch of new ideas. They just added on to a boulder cave!
4	They are a great place to try out as a beginner.  They have a great staff that was very friendly and totally helped my friend and I get going and climbing really quick.  I wish some of the walls were a little higher but it was great as a first experience!
2	On May 30, 2012 at 4:30pm, my 7 year old son and I went to visit the Nevada Climbing Center. I had climbed here for the last 8 years, bringing dozens of friends and family members to the facility. And while it looked like the new owners were improving the climbing environment, the customer service experience was one of the worst on record. When I entered, I was politely greeted by two young girls, one who was maintaining the wall. I asked if it was okay for my son and I to have a look around and she said it would be fine. I had just finished admiring the lead climbing area when we approached my son's favorite route. My son excitedly took two steps onto the wall ( remember he's 7) when I quickly responded for him to get down, explaining that they may not appreciate him being there. In the background, I heard the girl I initially spoke with telling a young man "she's just looking".  Moments later, the young man approached me in a way that was not only unprofessional but combative at best. He made my son,  who is a great kid feel extremely uncomfortable and made me feel belittled and unwelcome.  I replied that I understood his policy and that we would be leaving shortly. When I proceeded to exit, I noticed the young man talking to another employee, he was smirking and appeared to be boasting about the situation. As I was exiting, I expressed my disappointment with this display and he became more argumentative and rash. The Nevada Climbing Center has lost my loyalty and patronage. I'm terribly disappointed with the "new ownership".  I hope for their sake that my encounter was an exception and not their standard service model.
2	My wife and I were in Vegas for a business trip and brought our gear with the hopes of getting a gym day in. We tried NCC and it did not meet our needs. The gym appears to focus on strength climbing as opposed to a good balance of strength and technique. Every route we climbed was oriented vertical and felt more like climbing a ladder than a route.   My biggest concern with the gym was that after charging the day rate and signing the log there was no orientation or safety check before they let us on the wall. There should always be a safety check even if you show up with gear and look like a climber.  On the positive side; the gym does seem oriented well for kids /  beginners  / UNLV students who would take a class before starting without much climbing background.  If you just want to work up a sweat go for it.
2	Stopped by here as I had a few hours to kill before my flight outta Vegas earlier this month. I can't say much about the top rope area, but my biggest complaint is the tape on routes in the bouldering area -- what the heck! Half of the pieces were peeled off or falling away. The start writing was barely legible, I don't know if they were just meant to all be unrated or if they're just so old they had faded away already. Lastly some of the tape patterns were so similar, I wasn't sure whether I was off-route half the time. That said, the day pass fee was cheap enough and some of the problems I worked on were pretty fun. They have an interesting albeit short bouldering arch/cave, with a slightly taller wall behind it. I wouldn't mind stopping back again if I'm in the area, but honestly I'd rather climb outdoors at Red Rocks.
5	My brother, his girlfriend and I went here and were so impressed. The couple who run the center were knowledgeable, friendly and so helpful. They have a true passion for inspiring people to be climbers. As a novice, I found many routes  I enjoyed and challenged me. I highly recommend this gym!
5	The new owners have done a great job with this gym. With the recently added auto-belay devices, ongoing work renovating the bouldering area and continuous route setting this is a great place for everyone. Whether your a beginner or a seasoned climber this place has routes that will challenge you. With great rates and friendly staff as well you can't go wrong.
5	I decided I wanted a different type of work out and I'm glad I did.  So many different walls here and ways to challenge myself.  Plus amazingly inexpensive rates to go.The staff has been wonderful to me and helped explain everthing so I know what I am do.  Great for friends, groups or just by myself!
5	The route setting is impressive.  It is awesome to climb the routes here and this gym will make you overcome your petty old habit of climbing like you would a ladder.  I've been to lots of gyms, mostly around Denver and the route setting at this gym is competitive enough to place this gym at a good 3rd, better than Rock n Jam n or a tie for 2nd with ThrillSeekers, which is very similar to this gym in terms of size and vibe.  Although I don't think any gym in Vegas(or most gyms really) could ever compare to the Denver Bouldering Club, a real training gym for climbing. (24 hours climbing and an adjustble system wall anyone?)Now there doesn't seem to be any sort of requirement for a belay check, but this is where I did first learn to belay and the lessons were good. That was a long time ago and I felt safe with the Gri-Gris and the lady teaching me was straightforward and a quick teacher. A year later after spending time in Colorado as well as taking a full year climbing course, I can definitely say this place seems built to prevent mishaps. You don't tie in, you clip in with an auto-locking carabiner for both the climber and the belayer. There is a Gri-Gri pre-set up on every rope so that you don't ever have to set up for belay, just clip in.  I'm not a fan of this set up, since I can't show people what they need to do if they want to go outside. I am always going to be a fan of tying in and using your own belay device because I believe that being knowledgable is the best way to prevent accidents and that individuals need to recognize the dangers of rock climbing. I think that this will also help beginners prepare themselves and their habits for outdoor climbing, which is where the magic really happens.  (love moment of me and the rock)With that said, here are a few more details that people might find helpful.  Top Ropes here have perfect friction compared to other gyms, belaying my father who weighs twice as much as me wasn't a problem, some gyms have almost no friction and can send me flying into the air and into my climbers feet, almost happened to me a few times at other gymsNo anchors for the belayer to tie into but it's not really a problem thanks to the frictionChill atmosphere, relaxing, not as smelly red rock climbing center, but could still use a bit more ventilation/cleanliness.  The place just seems a little stale at times, maybe its the lighting, or just the melancholy colors of the whole gym itself. Great vibes. you can feel the love of the routes here.  It's amazing.
4	I love this place! It was my first time rock climbing and my boyfriend & I wanted to kill some time before our flight back home. The instructor was friendly and gave us a quick tutorial and demonstration of how to climb the wall. I was a beginner and it was very scary at first, but because I know there's someone supporting my weight on the floor, I felt very safe. The place was clean and pretty big for a indoor rock climbing place. There wasnt a lot of people that day so we had a chance to try out different levels of difficulty on the walls. Definitely recommend this place!
4	eryhjk,
4	Pretty cool gym. It's not as good as Red Rock Climbing Center, but for those of you residing in Henderson, it is closer, cheaper, and more difficult. The climb ratings are a little harder than those at R2C2... And by harder, I mean, at R2C2 I can nail V3-V4 all day, but at Nevada's climbing center I struggle with V1's and V2's. I think any climber should give this place a try. It's worth it.
5	I've been coming here since July - at first on Tuesdays for student discounts. I got really into rock climbing after seeing results on my body (got toned and built muscles that I never thought I would use). I bought the one month membership in August and been going at least 3 times a week. They have a lot of routes (bouldering too)! I went from a 5.6 to now an average of 5.8 - 5.9. So happy that I found this place. I heard they are also offering massages!
4	My husband and I came last Friday for date night and we are so happy we did! It was my first time indoor rock climbing so I was quite weary about it at first. We entered and paid the weekend rate which ended up being $22/person (cheaper than its competitor) including equipment and shoes. We got geared up and was given a lesson on climbing and belaying by our super friendly instructor. Climbing up my first wall with my husband belaying me, I didn't want to sit back or let go of the wall with fear of falling but the guy working, Bryan or Ryan, made me feel comfortable enough to trust the rope tied around my husband's waist, and sit back 30 feet up in the air. It was all smooth sailing after that. My husband and I took turns climbing a bunch of walls for almost 2 hours, and by the end of the night, I couldn't climb one more wall because my arms had no strength left in them. My husband played around with bouldering because he's strong enough, but that wall with the little concave in it killed us both. When I went to the bathroom to wash my hands, I had the weirdest sensation of not being able to close my hands completely without effort. I suppose that means I got a good work out! I'm so glad we found this place to work out before we shove our faces with AYCE sushi from Blue Fin. My husband is aching to get a membership but I just don't think it's conducive for our family with 2 little ones. 1 star deduction for the cleanliness of the place. Dirty bathrooms, and just kind of messy in general. I just kept in mind that it's a climbing place ran by men. We'll be back!
4	Nevada Climbing Center is a solid facility with a great staff and incredible management!I have been in a few times.  Twice to climb, and once with a small group or Arial Silks.  I think the owner's name is Lisa.  Regardless, she does a great job of instructing and is accommodating to make semi-privates happen in affordable, high-quality ways. Generally speaking, they tend to have better prices than other facilities in town.  This is especially true of private, semi-private and group activities.  The gym is a little rough around the edges, but that is just fine for my liking.  They have a wide selection of climbs that are well labeled designed to challenge climbers of all skill levels.  They have a bouldering section with an inverted roof-climb that was under construction when I last visited.  Additionally, I was pleased with the quality of instruction and safety of the facility. Come here if you want to give indoor rock-climbing a shot.Come here for private lessons.Come here for you child's rock-climbing themed birthday party...or rent it out for any group for that matter.Come here for the lowest prices around on intro Arial Silks classes.Don't come here looking for 60 foot California walls...even though we have world class climbing around Vegas there is not a population to support elite indoor climbing gyms like you would find in other cities...comparing Nevada Climbing Center to what you would find in a huge metro area is unrealistic in my opinion, but is also the reason for 4 and not 5 stars.
5	Great place!!!!!!!!!  Awesome welcoming Labs!  good place to relax and workout and climb!! and close in the henderson area!
4	Fun for kids! We have been here a few times and I love the empowerment that you can see on the faces of my children when they reach the top of the wall and ring the bell.  But, this place isn't just wall climbing.  They also have a swinging rope and smaller "boulder" type climbing.  The location is in the back of a business park, so if you are coming from Patrick, your navigation might say "you have arrived at your destination" but in reality, you need to navigate yourself to the back of the building.They give a harness and show you how to belay.  They also have one automatic belay for climbing.  You can rent shoes, but we just climbed in our tennis shoes and boots.We were just here for a soccer season party but have also come with our friends on a play date.  It is a great activity in the summer when it is hot (although it gets pretty toasty in there too.  We will be back
5	Me: HEY LETS TRY ROCK CLIMBING?!FRIEND: SOUNDS WEIRD....after rock climbingFRIEND: OMG THAT WAS GREAT LETS GO AGAIN!So, first tip: don't be afraid of heights. Second tip: If you are, it's a great way to get over it.I've been trying to go indoor rock climbing and I think this place is great for beginners. My friend and I were kind of awkward at first, but the staff was really helpful. The first time we went up the wall, one of the staff was helping us choose rocks to use and was very supportive of us making it to the top.I honestly thought I would last like 30 minutes, but we ended up staying for 2 hours. I would definitely recommend this activity if you're looking for something to do in Vegas that doesn't involve alcohol or gambling.
5	First time here and we love it! Not too crowded, and it's about 11 minutes from where I live! It's great!
4	Awesome place to climb! I got this good special on Amazon local for $27. It included unlimited climbing for a month with the shoes, harness, and the quick tutorial. This is normally $50 a month so I thought it was a steal! If you check in you get a free bag of chalk (trust me. It will go a long way for you especially if your grip isn't that great or your hands sweat).My first time there, they were very friendly, and casual. Sometimes a little too casual for my taste in an establishment. They showed me how to properly belay and dispense from the top carefully. Sometimes though when I check in, it takes a while for someone to come back out if no one is at the counter. Their bathroom is filthy too and usually out of paper towels since everyone is washing their hands afterwards. They have different levels of climbing, with different inclines and also have a boulder climbing section too. They nicely color coordinate the level of difficulty in each section to help guide you, and challenge yourself! I have a fear of heights, but this place is really safe and definitely made me feel comfortable about climbing. A lot of people come and it is very kid friendly where you can swing on ropes and also climb with your kids, and have parties. This I definitely like since it does help kids enjoy climbing the safe way and help conquer the fear of heights. I do love going here to climb and I'd give it another month if they bring out that special again.
3	Good all around gym.
4	Good overall- would benefit from more beginner/kid friendly routes. Has a bit of everything- bouldering, lead, top rope with grigris, slack line & some work out equipment. Routes could be changed more often, would also like to see less reachy routes.
5	Just left the Nevada climbing center! SO MUCH FUN! A great way to challenge yourself. We brought out five year old and he had fun climbing and showing off with another six year old. I enjoyed watching the guys free climb and I wasn't afraid to try more challenging walls. We will Definitely be back! Bring snacks and water! And wear workout attire, you'll be working a sweat
5	This place is awesome! I went with my little brother and friend and I stayed for hours! The workers there are really awesome and informative and give you tips. The atmosphere is really nice and there are a lot of challenging walls to climb. The music there is very unique and overall great vibes. Gotta go check it out!
5	Love this rock climbing area! The owner is so sweet and very helpful. It's a great deal as well. $20 all day including supplies. Definitely coming back!
5	Thank you Ian for stepping it up!  I wish to make an addendum to a previous post.  We all make mistakes and I think we need to accept and own the consequences. I believe some actions are meant  be punished.  Also, they should be FORGIVEN and given the opportunity for a second chance. We are NOT "human perfects" we are "human beings".  People do make mistakes and I think they should be punished. But they should be forgiven and given the opportunity for a second chance. We are all in this together. I'm glad, at the suggestion of Chris G., I decided to give NCC a second chance. The staff and the gym itself have stepped it up and have done a remarkable job!  Thank you Ian for following through, reaching out and being uber generous and helpful.  The vibe feels light, fun and comfortable with dollops of professionalism, safety and awareness.  My family and I are happy to be back in your space and enjoying the sport which we love. Thank you:). The Valdez-Shuk's
5	Awesome. Outstanding staff, amazing climbing walls and cheap price.  If you like to climb, this is the place. Great workout or a place to take the kids to burn off energy. I'm coming back for sure!
5	Really enjoyed it! My friends and I went last week Wednesday and wanted to do it again so we did. It was a good experience! Everybody from beginners to experts was so down to earth and were all willing to chip in their own information on what works for them. Also, it's affordable. It's really cheap. $15 for the rentals (shoes and harness) and the fees included. My friends and I are thinking of actually joining the club soon. It's a real good workout.
3	In comparison to the two other climbing gyms in town (R2C2 and The Refuge)Pros: *TONS of routes with plenty of ropes (over 25) so there is always a place to climb even when they're slammed on Wednesdays*all ropes have preset gri-gris so anyone can climb with any experience level (although you will see people who even make a gri gri dangerous)*rope climb*silk classes*overhung lead climbing area*good selection of snacks and drinks*cheapest day pass (Day pass is $14 while RRCC is $15 and The Refuge is $17. Adult EFT monthly membership is $50 - same as RRCC and cheaper than The Refuge's $64)*2 autobelays so you can climb without a partnerCons:*Routes don't change frequently (or they'll all change on the same rope so it can take a while to try them). They reset when the gym is slammed.*the boulder is only half finished - backside has been empty since it opened in early October*there's not always someone behind the counter - it can take a while to be served*big dogs are running around everywhere (I love giant puppies, but if you're allergic or scared I would definitely say it's a con)*it sometimes smells like people are smoking in the gym (and not always cigarettes)*bathrooms and gym floors are kind of gross*not enough cubbies and lockers when the gym is busy
