4	For a food court, this is some of the best food you can get, forget that, this is just great food. Portuguese style BBQ, the chicken is succulent, juicy, and perfect every time. This is in the food court below simons, and the scotia bank cinema.
4	If you're one of those lost souls who work downtown and wander around haplessly on their lunch breaks through the underground maze of generic food court options, save yourself some grief and head over to Torino. They're one of the only food court joints that don't make my soul feel empty. Their chicken is juicy and full of flavour, portions are large and as for sides, you can choose from one of their many salads and/or rice and potatos!Just make sure to chew gum after 'cause you definitely don't want to show up at that one o'clock meeting smelling like their deliciously potent garlic sauce!
5	one of the best place in Montreal to eat barbecue style grill and salads.a plate withe 3 choises of salades + 1 brochette filet mignon + 1 brochette chiken costs 11,50 + tx.the only bad side is when that lady is on the cash she rush you to pay before even choosing the salades and then she cashs in the person behind you and over and over before even your order is ready so people step on each other to pay , and then she put pressure on the cook to finish the order fast , since i got my chiken  raw in the inside because of that , i try to avoid when she is there.
1	This "restaurant" is great if you like burnt food!!! I ordered a demi-club sandwich that took 20minutes??? Then the server asked me twice what I ordered I told him I wanted salad instead of fries and he didn't really pay attention, which showed in the sandwich which wasn't a demi order and the bottom-- which he tried to hide was totally burnt. Got two bites down and then decided to not eat it at all, kinda sad when you consider you can go to fast food place downtown that has better quality standards and are faster and friendlier. --Too bad first time trying this place and it was a Epic FAIL!!!
1	Lately the waiters behind the counter just enjoys bothering and making mockeries and bad jokes on costumers, the jokes are really  disrespectful. I'm not going back there , and a lot of people i know felt the same way... disgusting  thuggish behaviour  .
