3	Better than Wal-mart. A little dingy though.
4	This Kmart located at 35th Ave & Greenway has been here for years and honestly with Sears closing stores every year I can't believe this Kmart is still open.  However, I am glad it is as I have joined their shoppers reward program where you earn points on your purchases including prescriptions.  I love their bonus points offers that are printed on their receipts and sometimes advertised in their weekly ads. For example, an offer might be make a purchase of $50 and earn 10,000 bonus points.  10,000 points equals $10!Prescriptions are 500 points for every prescription filled.  500 points equals .50 cents.Shop Your Way Rewards gives you points that are actually cash to use for later purchases you can't beat that.  Plus the fact that Kmart still offers lay-away year around uh yah I'm a fan !
3	This Kmart is bigger and much cleaner. Same great deals with the Shop Your Way Rewards program. If you like shopping Kmart this location is legit.
2	Oh geez, Kmart.I stopped in a few weeks ago to see what's up with Kmart. I wasn't really looking for anything in particular; I was just trying to kill some time. First of all, it was the middle of the day on a Saturday, and there were probably 10 customers in the entire store. I would expect it to be kind of busy on a Saturday, but alas...The building had a spooky, dreary feeling. I just felt kind of sad the whole time.The clothing selection is just atrocious. Like, worse than Wal Mart. I ended up buying a couple of lint rollers and a Brita water filter. They were reasonably priced (I think?).The service was below average; there were lots of workers walking around, but no one said a word to me.  The cherry on top of this trip to Kmart was the lady (a customer) who walked up to me, asked, "Can I give you something?", and handed me a Jehovah's Witness pamphlet. -_-
1	Today I went to return an item. There was no line at customer service and 3 associates behind the desk. One was on the phone with a customer, one was messing with the register but no customer was there and the third appeared to be a manager. I stood patiently waiting.....the manager walked away, the lady continued her conversation on the phone and the one who was playing with the register, answered the phone and then hung up and said she was going to take a cart back to receiving. She too walked away! Not one of them even acknowledged I was standing there. In fact the one who went to receiving avoided eye contact purposely as she grabbed the cart near me and walked away.When the lady ended her phone conversation she said "I can help who's next". I was still the only one in line. She never greeted me or apologized for the delay.To top it off, my return (with receipt) was purchased on a prepaid visa type card that you dispose of when done. When I told her I no longer had the card she said if it won't let me give you cash then you will just have to keep it! What? No store credit even? Well the drawer popped open and I got cash back. Will really have to have a specialty item that I can't get elsewhere before I return.
