4	There I stood, rooted to the shop floor, gazing at row after row of confectionary delights.   The sheer variety and expansiveness of the sweet selection had brought back my childhood indecisiveness. What would I choose? Some cherry lips, rhubarb and custards, rosy apples, midget gems or black jacks? The Toddle In does this to me on a regular basis, each time I change my mind over what little bag of wonders I'll walk out with.  However, unlike my childhood days, I now have more than my weekly 50p pocket money to spend. I duly took advantage of this fact and bought an abundance of my favourite treats. I recommend you do too.
5	I love Toddle In, I always make a pit stop when I'm walking past but it always takes me ages to decide what I want, will it be;Flying Saucers?Cola Cubes?Sherbet Straws?Aniseed Balls?Old Favourites?Liquorice?Chocolate Apples?Lemonade Rock?Rosy Apples?Sugar Pips?...or just some good old Edinburgh Rock? The list seems endless and it's a tough decision as you're surrounded by tubs and tubs and of delicious sugar filled treats. Toddle In has such a great atmosphere, so much charm and the staff are really friendly too. It's very popular but very small so it can get quite cosy when you're waiting in the queue alongside other sweet toothed individuals - at least you're in good company!
4	In need of a sugar rush to propel you up Cockburn Street's hill? Then head to Toddle In, where you can get your helping of old fashioned goodness.From sherbet Dip Dabs to timeless bon bons, Toddle In has a barrel load of jars stuffed with every antique sweetie imaginable. While nibbling on some tablet, you can also pick up a cup of tea, or get some ice cream for the kids. If they're whining about having to walk up 300 steps to get to the Royal Mile, a 99 cone will silence them for the duration. And with that 5 minutes of serenity, you can indulge in a double nougat.A winner with tourists and nostalgic locals alike, the Toddle In brings back the taste of the 40s to a wide audience. Your teeth might crumble towards the end of the experience, but you can deal with that later. You should do as Toddle In's name suggests.
5	Now this is more like it. In an age when we're being bombarded by sinister trendy sweetshops, a proper, well established old caff selling boilings, granny sookers, and various other sugary treats that exist only within the pages of an Oor Wullie annual, is exactly what's in order.An honest little shop for people who go out and earn an honest day's pay, it's a reminder of when things made sense. The ice-cream is smashing, and the friendly old timers who work here are the final piece in the jigsaw.top notch.
5	Strawberry MillionsChocolate LimesRhubarb & CustardCola CubesCola BottlesCherry LipsRosy ApplesSugar PipsAniseed BallsLiquorice WheelsMilk BottlesFruit Salads& Soor PlumsAn old fashioned sweet shop, Toddle In has been selling white paper bags stuffed with bonbons, sherbets, jelly beans and boiled sweets for almost four decades. Prices are cheap as chips and if they haven't got what you're looking for, the staff are happy to suggest other equally delicious, teeth-rotting delights!
1	Reading the past reviews I agree that the sweets are great but the guy was probably the biggest **** I have ever met. I went today and asked if the sweets I chosen to buy had any liquorice in them and the owner gave me a face and replied to me 'of course not, it would have said if it did'. I felt a bit silly for a moment and explained that its a surprise for my partner and she doesn't like liquorice and sometimes these caramels had anise/liquorice inside. The guy then tells me irritated that in UK everything says clearly what is in them [note that the jars are behind the counter and on shelves with only names on them]. I then said to him that I felt it was a fair question to ask and he replied more irritated; 'No I don't think it is a fair question to ask. I would understand if it was about nuts but not to ask if there is liquorice in them.' I said the to the owner; You know what? He answers; I should just put the jar back on the shelf huh? Me; Yeah, giving him a blink and told him he has the poorest attitude and left!If he reads this I just want to wish him the best and; 'Change career my man, life is to short to do a job one don't enjoy and love!
