5	I have been a customer of Brian Stevens' for a little over a year now and I am extremely impressed with both Brian and his staff.  They are amazingly helpful with any questions or problems that I have.  I am able to call or email and get a response in a very timely manner.  Brian is always looking for ways to help save me money and provide me with the best coverage.  I recommended Brian Stevens to my roommate and she is ever grateful.  I would strongly recommend that anyone searching for a caring and helpful insurance agent to use Brian Stevens.
5	Brian is wonderful! He was referred by a friend who has been using his services for years. I am happy to recommend him too!I went to him for auto, jewelry and business insurance. He sat down with me for 2 hours reviewing my options. He didn't try to sell me products I didn't need, but took the time to find the right insurance for my particular needs. (His prices were really good too; my auto insurance is more than half off what it was in Boston.)
5	Best auto and life insurance!!!! Had several situations due to a auto claim and Brian Stevens always saved the day! Will be a State Farm customer for life.
5	Brian is an all-around great guy, and a great agent. He and his team are knowledgeable, friendly, and accomodating. We have our home, jewelry, autos, and life insured with Brian, and we also bank with State Farm. State Farm Bank is the best - we have our checking, savings, credit card, and vehicle loans with the Bank and we couldn't be happier with the service and rates. I have been a State Farm customer since 2000 and with Brian for 10 years. As long as we're in Arizona, we'll be customers of Brian's!
5	This is a great team.  Bonnie is efficient, courteous, and flexible.  She drove 45+ minutes across the valley to come meet with me after work one day.  She returns phone calls very quickly, and helps to save me money.  Thank you so much for all that you do, Bonnie - your hard work is appreciated!!!
5	I was referred to Brian by my property manager who is also a client of Brian's and I'm really glad she did. Brian (and Bonnie) took such good care of me from the first phone call/email I made. I had a lot of questions about rental property and Brian took all the time I needed to make me feel comfortable. I added a lot of extra liability to my policy and the premium was still much better than previous policy I had. I feel like I can call Brian/Bonnie any time and now I will have an actual person to talk to, instead of an 800 call center with people I dont know. Thank you Brian for all of your patience, help and kindness. If you need a great State Farm agent, go to Brian Stevens.
