3	You will thank me later for this, but Central and Camelback is the epicenter for the perfect mix of romantic and naughty that WILL get you laid. *With AJ's one block over and this naughty adult store emporium right here, you have what you need.  For a Castle Boutique it's pretty small, but it does the job if you just need some quicky play toys, videos, bachelorette party paraphernalia or a gift for some unsuspecting burn-out at work.Blow-up doll from Castle + white elephant gift exchange at work = Best work holiday party in years.* I take no responsibility on whether or not you get laid.  I have complete faith that some people can totally wreck their chances very easily.
2	==Jetta's Castle Boutique Scavenger Hunt==1) Guy reads porn titles out loud as if to try and make sense of them. "Toe Sucking Lesbians 4? Wait. Toe...Sucking...Lesbians? 4? There's a 1, 2, and 3?"2) Boyfriend learns a little too late that his girlfriend likes handcuffs and paddles a lot more than he does.3) Dumb sack of shit who tries every sample bottle of lube and then can't hold anything in his hands the rest of the night.4) Group of women giggling profusely in "penis-shaped novelties" aisle.5) Guy with inferiority complex looks devastated at selection of big black dildos.6) Guy trying desperately to convince girlfriend to let him buy her the "naughty nurse" outfit.7) Girl who relates to her friend her personal experiences with every model of vibrator on the wall.8) Clerk whose a little too interested in knowing about what you intend to do with that new purchase.9) Guy in gay porn section constantly checking his back to make sure nobody knows he's in the gay porn section.10) Guy with pregnancy fetish magazine in hand who asks anyone near him how anyone can be turned on by watersports, bondage, or interracial porn.11) Guy who spends entire fucking visit yelling "Hey guys! Check this out!" to friends on the other side of the store.12) Token virgin.13) Tranny who spends most of visit browsing through the book section, like it's any better than the blow up doll section. 50 percent chance this is me. Say hello and I'll give you an altoid from my purse.
1	I can't stand Castle Boutique.Just rename it "TRASH" and it would fit it just right.This type of place totally makes experimenting with sex look extremely bad and I can't stand that.I should NEVER walk into a "fantasy toy" store and feel like a pervert. NEVER.And every time I have walked into this one (which is like twice), I have and ended up not buying a thing because you feel so weird.  The bright flourescent lights, the absolute lack of decor... it's just this huge warehouse of sex toys and books.  I can't stand going into grocery stores without decor, much less a place to get a toy to be turned on by.I don't know if this specific location is like that... I've been to the one on I-17 and Deer Valley... yeah, the one with all the controversy.  It's TERRIBLE.
5	Don't listen to these repressed, frigid whiners below. It's up to YOU to ring your own bell and no piece of latex can do it for you if you just ain't got it, but, if you got it and you want to ADD to it with a toy, video or article of trashy lingerie the Castle's got it.Friendly, helpful staff too!
4	I walked into the Castle Megastore today a little nervous as I had to buy sex toys myself.  Sherry helped me and made me feel SO at ease and answered my questions professionally.  She made it easy to buy what I needed and not feel funny or embarrassed about it.  I would recommend this location to anyone that wants to explore their sexual side.  Sherry was very knowledgeable.  I'm a fan!
3	I am impartial about the Castle Megastore on Camelback. I observe the store as probably being a good place for a person or couple who is just now deciding to visit an adult shop or explore their sexuality more. The selection will do if you're into the more vanilla stuff--however--if you're looking for more on the restraints/fetish side of things, then this place probably isn't for you. Sure, there are the token handcuffs and beginners Japanese rope kits with a few paddles thrown in there, but nothing really exciting. The was an average amount of lingerie/hoisery/costume supplies available that'd probably be great for someone dressing up in the bedroom for their first time with a partner/partners, but not a whole lot for men in that department.I will say, as far as the service goes, this place did offer the friend I was with and myself their knowledge or help whenever we needed it. Also, they weren't pushy about it. I would say, if you'v never been, it might be a good place to go and either frequent or just to get the visit out of the way so you know you've seen what they have to offer in comparison.
2	Stopped in here a few months back.  Walking into the store it is very bright with florescent lights that made me feel like I was in an episode of twilight zone.  Not that I need to feel like I am at a 5 star resort but the lighting in here is jarring.The staff was a little to eager.  One woman followed me around and kept trying to offer helpful suggestions "all you have to do is ask"....Uh thanks but I think I got this all figured out.  Tried to make as little eye contact on checkout and the cashier kept saying creapy shit like "well I know you'll be back".  Do people walk into adult stores and ask for help and recommendations?  Ekk.  Everything sold here can be supplied with the same general directions: 1) Insert 2) Turn on 3) enjoy.  No need for creepy chit-chat.  Just let me pay for my items and skeddadle.
1	I don't want to shop for sex toys in A. lights so bright that it makes everything and everyone washed out and pasty, B. a place where the quality of the products is questionable at best, C. where inevitably, a creep will follow me and my girlfriend around, trying to see what we're looking at.Why does Phoenix not have better sex toy stores??
3	What's a nice girl like you doing in ... there?SHOPPING!Allow me to be back up. Fellas pay attention. This can only work in your favor. HOW TO CASUALLY PLAN A VISITAfter a wonderful dinner at St. Francis, the fella I was seeing suggested grabbing beer at SunUp Brewing. I was dubious given how much merriment had been consumed during dinner, but off we went. (Great selection over there by the way, nice people.) Mid-beer he drops, "Ya know. There's, uh, store, next door. We could also stop in. At." [Punctuation inserted on purpose.] I knew something was a foot given his nimble way with words. Normally his words flowed like melted butter over grilled corn on the cob.Outside he pointed to the Mega Lights of Castle Megastore.(Admittedly, not the brightest or seediest looking. It was just actually a door I noticed that was open from across the parking lot.)I don't think he expected a yes, but I'm from New York. Bring it.CUSTOMER EXPERIENCEWalking in we were greeted like, well, people. My date shrank into his button down. (I secretly smiled.) We perused the aisles, (I) giggling over the product assortment. Employees popping in, a little loudly, offering their help. My date growing redder and redder. (Me, smiling over here.)The store was filled with plenty of other normal looking couples, giggling. (My date, not so much.) Hey, HE asked! OVERALL REVIEW+ Scandal. They sell - adult things here.  + Great place to stockpile for a bachelorette party. + It's just REALLY BRIGHT IN THERE. + Aside from that, A+ for offering help all the time. + Could have done a better job keeping their popular products stocked.
