5	What a great first-time experience!!  I was perusing the Groupon Now deals, and came across one for a facial (have been wanting one forevs!) at Gigi's. Yesss!  I got there and called because I didn't know exactly which building it was in, and when I finally found my way, Alicia was standing outside to greet me.  How nice:)  Alicia was super nice and very professional.  After I filled out my little questionnaire, she took me to my room, and gave me my robe to change in to.  She came back a few moments later, and the greatness began.  I told her that I had sensitive skin, so she used an all natural botantical line.  She washed my face first, and then exfoliated, applied a papaya enzyme to help with dead skin, used a papaya mask for more awesomeness, gave me a face and neck massage, massaged my arms and hands, checked me under the super bright/magnified light, used the high frequency on some problem spots, hot toweled my face and moisturized me! I was in heaven!!!  I was inquiring about some of their other services, like the detoxifying body wrap and body polish.  She was very informative and they sounded great, so I asked if we had time to do one and she totally made it happen.  I ended up doing one with mud, so we headed to another room.  I undressed and got on the table and she came in and brushed my skin, oiled/massaged me and then covered me in mud.  While we waited for it to dry, she gave me a scalp and foot massage and ended with moisturizer. Whew, that was a mouthful.  Seriously though, it was an incredible experience and the prices were SUPER reasonable!  I will definitely will be back, and I highly recommend this little gem to anyone in need of some self care and r&r.
5	aaahhhhhhhh-mazing! I bought a "groupon-now" for a hot stone massage, which I have never had before but have heard great things so I thought I would give it a try. Rabina was fantastic! She was so enthusiastic about her job and helping other people that I was really touched by that sincerity - I wish I could like my job that much! She did a wonderful job relieving stress and relaxing me after a tough day of work. I will definitely go back! Its a little tricky to find - you have to drive through the maze of white buildings in this little office complex and they are all the way in the back.
5	I found Gigi's through Groupon NOW. I was having a particularly stressful day and was in need of a massage, that day.The massage therapist, Rabina called me back immediately after receiving my message. The spa is tucked away in a corporate center, so you wouldn't know it was there just by driving by. That made it feel "exclusive." Gigi's smelled great and was very clean. Rabina received me with a warm welcome. Rabina was very nice. And very sincere. She chatted with me as I got the most LUXURIOUS hot stone massage.  I really felt like she cared about me and all of my stress was gone by the end of my massage.You will not find high pressure sales a Gigi's. They don't try to get you to buy the stuff they used on you or talk you into buying future spa packages. They simply offered me a summer special rate sheet and hoped that I would come back to see them.Which, I will. Definately a great value and secret treasure in bustling central Phoenix.
5	I purchased a voucher from Yelp - $75 dollars worth of services for $50 - as an XMAS gift for a friend. When she called to make her appointment, she was told that it wasn't really $75 for $50, it was a $75 "package" that had been purchased. Obviously, that wasn't the way that Yelp had presented it and we were very disappointed. However, after explaining the situation to Germaine, she not only agreed to honor the intent of the coupon, but offered to come in to the salon and do the facial herself. What a great example of customer service! We were very impressed! Thank you, Germaine, for making everything right! And Yelp needs to be a lot more careful about the language that they use to describe their promotions. So 5 stars for Germaine and 2 stars for Yelp.
5	I recently took my mom in for a spa day for her birthday. Gigi's had a great Groupon for a 50-minute facial and 30-minute hand and foot massage, and I couldn't help myself! We both had a wonderful time. Germaine was so sweet and almost put me in a trance when she was giving me the foot massage! I enjoyed every minute of my time there--the room we were in was so peaceful, with piano instrumentals playing and soft, dim lighting. The facial was amazing--she uses natural and locally-made products and they all smell wonderful!Germaine made us feel comfortable and so very pampered--my mom fell asleep a few times haha. I highly recommend making an appointment with her!
5	OMG! A little bit of heaven in Downtown Phoenix! I had a Groupon and by far it was the best I have ever bought!  Germaine was awesome! I have already booked my next appointment. The facial, body polish, hand and foot treatment was unbelievable.  Loved the products, the atmosphere and location.  Great place to wind down and be pampered!
5	Where's the button so I can select 10 STARS?! Gigi's was just a GREAT experience. THANK YOU GERMAIN!!!Get this: I live in Los Angeles and was planning to visit to a friend in Phoenix for a girlie spa weekend. Already had my plane ticket and hotel reservation when I found Gigi's with a Groupon opportunity and bought 2 deals - for head-to-toe treatments - for myself and my friend. Pampering, here we come!I went online to schedule our appointments and was SOOOOO disappointed that nothing was available the whole 3-day weekend I'd be in town. What's a girl to do?! Well, I emailed my dilemma to Gigi's - and the next day Germain (Gigi) was on the phone with me, MAKING SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR ME AND MY FRIEND so she could accommodate my schedule. How is THAT for service!? She stayed open extra late for us, and we couldn't have been happier (or luckier!).The treatments we got were DIVINE. I had the body polish, hand and foot treatment and facial. My friend had the seaweed wrap plus hand/foot/facial. My skin was so smooth, nourished, rejuvenated, and during the treatment I was able to relax and slough off all bad energy. Germain did the treatments herself, and her professionalism and care, the spa's ambiance and vibe, were everything anyone would need to have an incredible experience.I wish I lived in Phoenix so that I could visit Gigi's Spa more often - my mind, body and soul need her magic!Thank you Germain, for going above and beyond for us. You made our weekend!!!Gigi is a smart businesswoman with a great product and YOU should pamper yourself with a trip to Gigi's!!!!!!!
5	Absolutely AMAZING!  Germaine is so friendly and knowledgeable about skin. The establishment looks fantastic, relaxing and very clean. Would recommend to any and everyone. We all deserve to be pampered and
5	I did the detox sauna last week. I highly recommend it Kylee was awesome! She kept checking on me & gave me water and wiped down my forehead with a wash cloth. It was my first time and I was nervous They are all very knowledgeable . I will definitely go back.
5	Absolutely amazing. I did the detox dome I highly recommend it.  Kylee was amazing. She encouraged me the last 10 minutes and made sure I had water and a cool washrag on my head. If you haven't had the detox you should. I loved it.
5	O-M-G!!! I was gifted a head to toe package as a graduation present. It was awesome. Gigi started at my feet amd finished with my face. She took to time to make sure I was okay throughout the whole process, since I expressed it was my first time to have these treatments performed. Thanks again Gigi. Hope to see you soon.
1	I purchased a groupon because I wanted to treat myself to a spa treatment after battling two different cancer treatments. I was frustrated when after I purchased the groupon I had to wait over a month to schedule an appointment. It was so far ahead I just honestly forgot. I sent an email apologizing and asked what my options were. I received an email back saying Gigi would call me in two days. I received a call back basically saying so sad too bad.  I am still in disbelief and will battle for a refund through other means just on the principle of the matter. I only entered one star because it would not post my review without it. Unbelievable.
1	If you have  groupon, forget about getting any service from these people. I normally do not take the time to review places because it just never occurs to me, but in this case, I am very very very very frustrated. My sister and I received a groupon as a birthday present LAST FEBRUARY from our baby brother.  My sister has made repeated phone calls and visits to make an appointment and NO ONE has gotten back to us. Emails, calls, visits......it's ridiculous!  Here we are coming up on a YEAR of this nonsense! We still have not even had anyone get back to us and NO ONE has been able to help us.  They have basically let the groupon expire and are saying they will honor it and get back to us, but they have not! AGAIN, NO ONE WILL GET BACK TO US AND WHEN WE GO IN PERSON THEY IGNORE US. When we have asked to speak to someone in charge, they say send an email...ummmm, HOW MANY EMAILS SHOULD WE SEND? AND HOW MANY PHONE CALLS DOES IT TAKE? AND HOW MANY VISITS BEFORE SOMEONE DOES SOMETHING?I would love to go in person and let them know exactly what I think, unfortunately I live in Los Angeles, and the couple of times I was available to make the trip, they did not return calls to set an appointment.  Oh and they don't answer calls either and if they do, you get to be put on hold forever and then hung up on.If you have a groupon, whatever you do, don't let them know until the end, or you'll probably never get in....this makes the list of establishments that use false advertising to get your money.  It's pretty sad that this was a gift from our baby brother and we probably will never be able to redeem it and his hard earned money and kind gesture has gone to waste.Thanks GIGI, you're awful.I gave you one star because we have to in order to post...
