2	This management company is just okay.  When we originally went to look at the property, the key did not work, so they had to get a locksmith to fix that problem.  The house is definitely out of the way from their location, but luckily our realtor was able to get the new keys for us to come back another day to check it out.I like that they took no time to approve us when we applied.  We have been at our property for over a year now.  The lease specifically states that it will end and turn into a month to month term - fantastic, I love that idea and that's how it was at my last rental.  However, Talley does not stick to their own lease agreement, but instead sent us a new lease to sign for a year with a higher rate.  You could do month to month, but that would be an even higher rate.  Hopefully next time Talley will renew it as they are supposed to, but I am not expecting them to if they did not the first time around.It is also an annoyance that they increased our rent when we have paid ontime every month and we have only called them once about an issue.  They need to realize the rates around the area are not worth the increase as well, we are paying more than other rentals in the neighborhood.  If they increase it for the next term and do not go by the lease terms, we will be moving out.  It will be such a shame that the owner goes through this property management company.
1	Horrible experience with this company.  The apartment was filthy upon move-in, loads of things broken.  It took weeks to get the maintenance request filled.  Later in my residency, I had a valuable package stolen from in front of my door.  Instead of referring me to a security person, or even the HOA, they told me "can't help."  Now, with a broken smoke detector they are unwilling to assist as well, as they "don't replace batteries" - however the ceiling is 12-feet and I do not own a ladder.  I'm not really sure why I'm paying this company at all at this point.  They are completely unhelpful and I cannot express how thankful I am that I only signed a 9-month lease.
3	While I am still pretty baffled as to exactly why my experience was as it was, I have to commend Tony for taking the time to reach out to me and extending his apologies.  He offered a variety of explanations as to why I ran into problems, and while that certainly doesn't make up for them I do appreciate that he tried.  I do want to say thanks to Tony for extending a token credit to my account to apologize.  While it's somewhat too little too late (I've already moved out) I do recognize his gesture.Tony shared with me that there was apparently some personnel issues that have been "resolved" (read: fired) so hopefully that will help prevent problems for other residents in future.  I, however, have moved onto greener pastures in the Triangle and am no longer a renter.Thanks for your personal touch, Tony.  Here's hoping all goes smoothly for future tenants!
1	Time for an update.  I will say we had no problems with this company when renting, paying our rent, and living peacefully with no contact as we had no problems with the rental property.  However, this company is very shady.We knew our lease was expiring at the end of April, and had a feeling they would go up on rent as they always do each year.  Luckily we were smart and decided to look for a new place early on in the event the rent did go up.  This is where the shady part comes in.  You have to give Talley a 30 day notice (March 31 for us) your intention of how you would like to continue your lease by either extending another year (at a higher rate) or extending month to month (yet an even higher rate).  Or you have to give Talley a 45 day notice if you intend to vacate (March 16 for us (a weekend date which they are not open)).  They did not send us the letter of their intention on how or if they were going to increase the rate until the week of March 10, so we actually did not receive it in the mail until Wednesday, March 12.  So if you wanted to move out, whether you could afford the new rate or just did not want to pay their new rate (later for us), you had 2 days to make a decision.  Like I said, since it is their thing to increase rent each time, we were ahead of the ball and knew if they increased, we would leave.  If they expect renters to give them proper notice, they should be a good company and give us proper notice to make our decision.We left and now the property is listed for rent at the price we were paying (so they couldn't give us that price as good tenants, instead they would rather let it sit and wait to be rented), they could have had us for another year, plus.  The only positive I can say from this is that we moved out and received our deposit back in a timely manner.  Out of all the rental properties and companies I have dealt with, Talley is my least favorite and I would steer clear from them.
1	I have been renting for 21 months and have to say that my dissatisfaction continues to grow. Simple repairs due to age are denied unless they pose a security threat such as blinds that are falling apart.The dependence on repair service individuals that tell us one thing and report another to Talley so as to ensure they keep their contracts is appalling.There is no attempt to satisfy the tenant once your signature is on the dotted line.We have treated the home we rent as though we own it since we moved in and have been told by neighbors of the horrors from previous tenants, yet we are treated as though we have no rights, just pay on time....would not recommend this management group to anyone.
