3	Fast service, okay food. I've tried this location multiple times, but food quality ranges from bad to okay. My beloved tatter tots are never cooked to perfection, they just can't seem to find a happy medium here- they're either under or overcooked. On the plus side, their ice cream sundae is yummy, but melts fast on the way home unless you eat it and drive!
1	Not very nice. Demanded  I turn off my car. Never had that happen before. Very hot day.
1	I've literally been here 3 times in a row and been to about 4-5 of their drive-in spots didn't work. Pressed the red button 3 times in each space and nobody answered. I understand if they don't work but if they don't put an out of order sticker on them. This place sucks. A lot. But hey, it's sonic. Not setting the bar too high.
1	They must only hire inept people here that don't have any common sense. Ordered a popcorn chicken combo & ended up giving me snack sized. Ordered one of those hot dogs that they advertise on the menu and got a chili cheese dog. Only good thing is I got a large diet coke without ordering one. Not sure what the issue is, but I most definitely will NOT be coming back here. Absolutely ridiculous!
1	Tried ordering breakfast in the drive thru. When I asked the kid for a "croissant breakfast sandwich" he said "I can't hear you." Then I spoke a little louder and said "croissant breakfast sandwich" and the kid responded " a breakfast sandwich with the softest of bread?" This miscommunication went back-and-forth another three times. This is the second time I've had a problem with this place long ago I tried getting breakfast here and it wasn't very good I had coupons that came in the mail sent but those coupons weren't honored when I got to the window.  The kid took the coupons from me but then after he took my credit card as well he did nothing about the coupons I'm assuming just threw them away and charge the full amount to my credit card by the time I realized it was pulling out of the drive through I was irritated. I called the manager and they assured me that they would make it right but they never did even after I went through the trouble of getting them all the information off of my receipt and now after trying to give them a second chance I see no option but to leave this terrible review.  Don't go here.
1	If you want to be ignored come eat here.  Your order will be cold and incorrect.  Nobody here cares.
