4	Yowza!!,  Aji (ah-hee, for the linguistically challenged like myself)  is a mobile food vendor that offers up authentic Latin American food throughout the valley.  Luckily today they actually set up shop in my apartment complex.  I had the El Gaucho (steak, caramelized onion, arugula and chimichurri aioli) and a side of fried plantains.  I washed it down with an Inka Cola, according to the dudes on the truck, its a Peruvian national soft drink, it tasted just like cream soda and was bottled by coca-cola....underwhelming, but fine. The sandwich, however was perfection, the meat was so tender and cooked perfectly and complimented by the other ingredients.  I usually succumb to my dogs begging for a taste, but this was too good to share.  My tip would be get some extra of the green chill sauce, whatever its called, good for dipping sandwich and plantains in.  After eating my sandwich I did contemplate sneaking back out there and letting the air out of their tires and possibly putting a lil' sugar in the gas tank, so I could have this for lunch again tomorrow.....but then decided a lunch without the Tempe P.D. involved would probably be better.
5	I spend summers in Oregon, and the food truck craze there is amazing.  I am so excited that we are getting a few great food trucks in Phoenix.  I went to the parking lot of Sam's in N. Scottsdale and it was ok, however I had read a review of Aji and I wanted to taste it for myself.  I told the hubby we needed to go to the Sam's parking lot in N. Phoenix.  We packed to twins and headed west.  I lived in Ecuador for a long, long time.  I have visited most of the countries in Latin America and I do love their cuisine, so I was very excited to check this truck out. When I saw "Hornado" in the menu, I knew the owner had to be from Ecuador.  That is a typical dish.  I got to meet Joe Alarcon, who is originally from Quito, Ecuador, his son Giancarlo (he is the chef), as well as Giancarlo's wife.  Really nice people.  True family business. I decided to order El Gaucho, a steak sandwich with Chimichurri sauce.  Chimichurri is very typical in Argentina.  My sandwich was delicious, the crusty bread was perfect to soak up the sauce.  Of course I washed it down with Inka Cola, l love that pineapple soda.  I have not have one in 5 years.  We also got some plantain chips.  Oh the twins gobbled those down so fast, I barely had the chance to eat one.  I saw the empanadas, and they looked delicious.  I can't wait to try the other sandwiches, they reminded me of all the flavors I grew up with.  YUM.
4	I was wasting time looking through FB yesterday, when I saw that Aji was giving out free pina colada cupcakes at the Phx public market. That was enough to get me to try their food. I got the gaucho and the bf got the Inca. The gaucho was just ok, in my opinion, it had too much meat. Additionally, the meat was very fatty....however....the sauce was amazing! Unfortunately, all that meat made it difficult to taste the sauce and the onions and all of the good things about the sandwich. I would like that sandwich if it had maybe 2 layers of meat (instead of like....a whole pound of meat or so), but I think I am the only one. Anyway, the reason for the 4 star review was the BF's sandwich. It was soooo good! The sandwich was on a soft roll with just enough crunch on the outside. It had the perfect amount of sauce (unlike mine which needed a lot more sauce). The sandwich was very delicious and full of spice, chicken and french fries. Yes...french fries! Just like getting Peruvian food...but on a sandwich...out of a truck....genius! I would definitely get this sandwich again. Oh, and if you were wondering.....the cupcake was awesome! They should probably include one with every sandwich....just sayin.
3	The sandwich's were good. Maybe a tad over priced for what you get, but it was good quality and  tasty.Maybe add a side?
4	I was initially a little hesitant on trying Aji mobile, but when I saw that they can turn any sandwich into a bowl...and the bowls looked REALLY good...I figured okay, let's give them a try. So last Wednesday at the phoenix public market, J and I split a Cubana sandwich.  I've gotta tell you, it was one of the best Cuban sandwiches I've ever tasted!  A little pricey, but the flavor is fantastic!!  I'm sure we'll be back!  :)
4	I had food from this food truck last week (5/15) and the steak cubano sandwich was delicious.  I'm usually not much for Chimichurri sauce, but theirs added a delicous flavor to the meat that came close to matching an Original Philly Cheesesteak (sorry, I'm from Philly and this is still my go-to for steak sandwiches).  I definitely plan to hit them up again in the future.
3	Good food for a food truck but I was expecting more for $7 at least a side item
4	Id heard of Aji for a while, but was never able to get out to a food truck event where they were. Until they decided to join my new Wednesday fave, the ASU food truck block party.They day I went they were serving 3 of their regular sandwich items as tacos, and even offered a sampler of all 3. They were the El Gaucho, the El Inca, and the El Hornado.Messy. So messy, but delicious. I think my fave was the El Gaucho taco. They were al street style, but this one had steak w/ caramelized onions and a chimichurri aioli on top.Theyre a bit pricey, but worth a try.
4	I love their Gaucho sandwich! It is absolutely delectable! Often I'll ask for extra chimichurri. It is a pity that they seem to have stopped serving yucca fries, because it was the only place in the valley I knew I could get them and they were SO GOOD! My husband loves to come here because they have Inca Kola, a sickeningly sweet bubble gum flavored yellow soda from Peru. A fun niche truck, and just the right choice when you need a little South American flavor!
5	I ordered the El Gaucho and could not stop eating it. The steak was really tender and the chimichurri and caramelized onions were so flavorful (not spicy), plus the salad on top makes it seem almost healthy!
4	Sandwich and plantains were both good choices, but I thought the Aji sauce, a green chili sauce, was great. Loved the kick with the plantains.
