4	Great meat and average side salads. I don't give 5 stars since the Brazilian black beans where not that great. It looks like they opened a can and dumped them on the pot. The atmosphere was good and service was excellent. I found it also a bit pricey and there is not the option of 1/2 rodizio as it is mentioned by another comment. Comparing with the big Restaurant "La Milsa" this one has better meat quality but lower quality in the salad bar.
5	The Most Authentic Brazilian Food in Montreal. Meat lovers must try!
2	The food was good, but I think that the staff there does not like Americans. Just as other reviewers said, it's not "all you can eat", but rather "all we will give you". It felt a bit uncomfortable to have to ask the waiters to give us more meat when they were blatantly trying to avoid giving us food. This restaurant needs to decide if they are real rodizio or not. No complaints on the actual food except for the salad bar -- it was pretty bad.
3	I was pretty excited for this place.   I never had a chance to go to Copa Cabana in TO and thus place was similar to it. Place smelled pretty go from the outside.   When we got in,  it was a pretty full house.   A little disappointed in the salad bar.   Not much selection and things liked pretty messy.   The meat came out pretty slow and not as frequent as I wanted it to.   We were also seated in a corner which didn't ready help.   Only good thing is,  the waiter got used to us asking for multiple servings after a couple of visit to our table.   Lol.  He than came more frequent.I guess after trying this here in Montreal, I don't think I would be trying the one in TO.  Friends said not much of a difference. This type of restaurant is good if you have never tried it before.   But,  not ready worth going again.   Price came out to be almost $40 a person.
3	This is a pretty good Rodizio but definitely needs work. The place is pretty small and people are rubbing shoulders to get around. The meat is not the best quality but the servers work hard to make you feel comfortable. Not sure if Montreal has other Brazilian steakhouses but this is a decent option.
1	I would not go back. The meat was either raw on the inside, as I had asked for rare, or it was dry and over cooked. Salad bar was fine, most things tasted and looked fresh. I have been to many churrascarias but this would have to be the worst.
1	What a bad experience !!! We reserved a table for 8 people to have a nice lunch and watch the World Cup soccer match on July 4th. The game and the animation there was great, but the food..... Horrible!!! Buffet was poor and cold. The meat was either raw or over cooked and tasted liked old meat. Not a lot of option either. For a place that charges $39 for the buffet ( before taxes) they should have a decency to have excellent food to serve. I do not recommend at all, find other places around there with better food. I wish I had read the reviews before going there. We left hungry and upset.
1	We booked a reservation for this restaurant through AccesResto part of Vie Urbaine. You are supposed to get a discount on the meal when you book through them.  When we got to the restaurant my husband showed the e-mail confirmation from Vie Urbaine to the hostess and she said "great, no problem!"  Once we were seated it took about 15-20 minutes before the waiter even acknowledged our presence. My husband once again showed the reservation confirmation to the waiter.  After we ordered we went to what they call a salad bar.  It had some cold macaroni, orange slices, rice, beans, tomatoes and wilted lettuce.  Not impressive at all.  After we got our plates and sat down the waiter said they could not honor our AccesResto discount because we needed to print the e-mail confirmation. What?  It doesn't say anything about printing the voucher on their website. We decided not to make an issue of it and try to enjoy the meal since we had already sat down to eat but it was clearly their way of getting out of honoring the promotion.  I guess they figured because we were tourists they didn't care if we came back or not.  I wish we had read the reviews on this place before we went.  They really don't want serve you any meat.  We were there for quite some time (because the service was so slow).  They would carve little tiny pieces on to your plate when they bothered to come by and act like they were doing you a favor.  It was disappointing.  We've been to several Churrascaria chains like Fogo de Chao, Rafain and Texas de Brazil and this place was horribly disappointing. Unappealing salad bar, stingy carvers and slow service.  I rarely take the time to write bad reviews but I'd like to save some other family from making the same mistake we did so I'm posting to Yelp and TA.  Skip this place.
3	Small restaurant in Old Montreal. The explanations were well done. The small salad bar was quite nice with some Brazilian specialties on the side that were extremely tasty. The meat started coming by. I don't know about others, but there was plenty of meat and they certainly didn't limit us in any way. Pork ribs, sausages, skirt steak, lamb, roast beef, chicken all came around with no extra prompting. The service was nice and friendly from the French woman serving us, the man coming around with the meat was friendly and hospitable as well. We were a bit put off by the woman in the background who kept after the waitress and server but didn't actually seem to do anything to actually help them, it made us a bit uncomfortable to watch someone treat others in this way. Honestly, the Brazilian stew was the highlight here and just tasty. With the meat, try not to be the first served or you get the well-done or over-done piece on the outside. But we certainly didn't feel like they were holding back on us at all. We actually had to turn over the coaster to tell them we had enough.
2	Okay experience. Meat was not impressive, mostly too dry and overcooked. Over priced for what they have to offer. Spent $100 for two. You can find much better restaurants around the area.
