2	LAME, lame, lame! I had expected a REAL cafe, but it was just one of those kiosk type stores (kinda like Mrs Field's Cookies in your typical mall) where you can purchase the items but there wasn't any place to sit. Why do you call it a cafe when there is no place to sit? Why not just call it Nestle Tollhouse?
2	The cookies at this store look nothing like the cookies on the website. They were thin, flat and hard. The taste was whatever. I even bought it while I was hungry and anything taste better in that state of mind. I think you are better off just buying the dough from your local grocery and baking it at home.
4	Delicious, crispy, Tollhouse cookies in a Mrs. Field's format.  There was a long line that was pretty slow moving, but it was worth it when we picked up our delicious chocolate chip cookies.  The best was the peanut butter cookie with chocolate chunks half melted on top.  Yum!  The sugar cookies were just ok... stick with the classic choc. chip and you won't be disappointed (unless you're looking for a big, fat, chewy cookie... this isn't the place for that).  BTW: There is no actual 'cafe' - it's just a small storefront/kiosk layout in the mall.
1	Cheap ingredients?  Bad recipe?  These cookies were a huge dissapointment. Kind of reminds me of the chocolate chip cookies sold 40 at a time in a clear, plastic clamshell in the bakery of a grocery store.
4	Now. this was my 1st time buying a cookie from this place @ the miracle mile shops. I was on the fence about it b/c the whole reason I was @ the strip that day was to walk around and have fun window shopping w/ my bf and get some great steps in that day on my bodybugg. But... he was looking @ this place like a lost lil puppy. and..well er.. it smelled divine!We went over and decided to share a cookie, better than eating the whole one by myself! we split the chocolate chip and walnut. so flipping good! WORTH EA. AND EVERY CALORIE! AND would have been even better if it was warmer. I guess I coudl have asked her if it was possible to warm it for a few seconds. maybe nxt time. if they do this for me, they will get 5 stars and a visit from ea. of the friends I have that come into town! :) if not, i will update to let you know.NOTE: yes there is no seating here. it is simply a cookie shop.  I think they sold water too. Didnt even care if they have a place to sit. I was happy with the cookie. The mall has plenty of  seating in the middle all along its "miracle mile".
1	OMG did you just sell me a day old cookie?!?!?!?!? DISAPPOINTED! We were walking by and smelled what we thought were going to be delicious cookies. As soon as we took a bite of the $1.95 chocolate chip cookie, we were immediately disgusted and were left with a sour taste in our mouth. WTH!?!?! The name got us. We use Nestle Tollhouse Chocolate Chips when we bake at home, and this was nothing compared to what I can make at home. UGH!
5	Best s'mores cookies ever!..
4	This is a good place in Vega$ if you want to walk through a mall where none of the stores are unreachable for the average person. There are a couple decent places to drink and eat in here as well. My guess is if you're in a pinch (and at a conference or gathering) and you forgot something you need (a shirt, a belt, etc) this mall would be the place to goto because it's affordable. You wouldn't be upset with yourself spending a similar amount of money as you would at a store back home.
4	Normally when I think of Nestle Tollhouse Cookies that it means that you have to make them at home! How exciting it was to see that they have Tollhouse Cookie Cafe's out there! Steve and I shared a chocolate chip cookie! Just what the doctor ordered to work off my funk from having to drive on The Strip!
5	Nothing like fresh out of the oven cookies just don't forget the milk
4	I've never been to a nestle toll house before so my friend and I decide to try it. We came here around 10pm to get dessert. She got a brownie and a chocolate chip cookie, and I got sugar cookie and a chocolate chip cookie . It was so good and very chocolately. As for the sugar cookie, it was really tasty.
4	My go to place for a delightful coffee. Had a chocolate brownie and a cappucino. Just loved it. However, coffee was much smaller for the price as compared to other coffee houses.
3	I stopped in here for a sweet fix when my RW selection last night didn't have dessert.  I had just enough time before the Jacksons' show to have an ice cream sandwich.  When I asked the young thing behind the counter what flavors they had, she explained you pick any two cookies you want and any of their ice creams.I chose a Snickerdoodle and a s'mores cookie and the ice cream I chose was cookie dough.  That's one from each of my 3 food groups.  She placed one cookie on a wooden thing, put a large scoop of ice cream on the cookie, pushed it down to even out the filling, and then she placed the other cookie on top.She placed the ice cream sandwich in a cardboard ice cream cup and placed a spoon in the cup with the cookies and ice cream.The dessert is a bit pricey and sitting on a cushioned bench in the Miracle Mile Shops is not a classy eating experience.  I knew that in advance so that's OK.  The ice cream and the cookies were good .
2	Hmm $3.75 for 6 mini cookies. My first cookie was so crunchy it tastes like cardboard with chocolate chips.  I was so let down. The others were better but very thin.  Next time I'll try the regular sized cookie.  I'm much happier baking my nestle from the tub you can buy at the grocery store. =)
5	Yummy!! This was the perfect snack while walking around miracle mile in planet Hollywood. The cookies were ridiculously fresh and still warm from the oven. You could smell the sweet aroma of delicious cookies lingering around every corner of this shopping mall. You can't help but stop.
5	I know it is just a simple chain kiosk in the mall but i love their sugar sprinkle cookie. Their chocolate chip cookie is pretty good too i like that you can buy a cup of milk to go with your cookies! :)
