5	The best taco al'carbon I have ever had! Full of flavor! Yum! Must taste all of the salsas.
5	Hands down the best tacos in any strip mall. Super fresh, all meat is cooked on mesquite broiler. Delicious! Also a condiment bar stocked with goodies.
5	Oh my! I am in love!!  The hole in this strip mall where amazing Mexican food used to be has made me sad for over a year.  I'm so glad that we locals can have amazing, authentic Mexican food again!  We had carne asada burritos and tried one of each of the tacos - Fuego, Al Carbon and regular.  Deliciousness!!  The fresh guac and salsa was the icing on the cake!!  Sooo good!  Welcome to the neighborhood, Al Fuego!!  We're so glad you're here!
5	My wife and myself have been here a couple times and have not had a bad experience with anything we have ordered.Overall great food & good atmosphere make for some good Mexican food.This is an edit after realizing I reviewed the wrong place and wanted to make sure this review was accurate to the location.
5	This place has great Mexican food. I really love the carne asada, it has a mesquite smoked flavor and is just fantastic. They also make a great habanero salsa, very spicy. The fuego taco is one of my favorites. I highly recommend.
5	We're going to keep this simple......OK? Do you love Mexican Food? Do you like a small family feel when you go eat? Go to this place! Everything is made with love! I walked in, and the owner was there and made my food to order. Had a nice talk with him about Phoenix in general as he basically said he opened his restaurant because Quality Mexican Food can be tough to find in the area.(Most great Mexican places are on the West Side) Its about a mile away from my house, and I will be back for sure! Fantastic Pastor, great Cabeza, and carne asada made like a backyard cookout! ***NO FIREARMS ALLOWED***
5	Love the authenticity of the food.  I tried a large Asada burrito.  Loved the tortilla, beans and the Asada.  Had to top if off with the green spicy salsa.  Washed it down with a great tasting Horchata.
5	Awesome tacos! We tried carne Asada, al pastor, and the been and cheese burrito. All were excellent. We loved the chips and salsa. Great service.
5	had the nachos carne asada with steak tacos ... to die for!! so good I had trouble breathing from eating too fast lol. would definitely go back over and over to this hole in the wall
1	If you want bland food. Eat here! We decided to try the place due to the great reviews. But the food and service was terrible.  First off we ordered tacos. My tacos came out with one corn tortilla and meat on it. Nothing else. No cilantro or onions. Nothing. So when we asked if there was salsa they said it was in the salsa bar. Nothing in the salsa bar except cucumbers carrots and jalapeno sauce (green spicy sauce). The meat tasted super bland like all they used to season it was pepper. We also got a burrito. Same thing beans cheese and Carne esada. Very bland.  No seasoning. They finally brought us some Pico DE Gallo for the tacos but at that point we were done.  And it wasn't even good. We ordered chips and salsa. We got no salsa and the chips were rubber. So terrible. Will never go here again!
