5	Chris and his mom are awesome. We read reviews and took our 1 yr old Beagle/Terrier who stayed for 3 nights. They took good care of Charlie and we were able to visit him every day. They are not money minded, open and flexible and really care about pets and the people. Would definitely go back and wish more people like this are found elsewhere. When we left charlie's blanket was washed as well. We paid $25/day
5	As we were staying in Vegas for a few days, we had our dog Jindol boarded here for 3 nights.  It is a family business run by mom and son, and it truely shows that they love animals, and they enjoy what they do!  Unlike many other places where an hourly paid employees could care less about you and your dog, this place was a fresh breeze! This plave is cared for and watched over 24hrs a day, and the place is CLEAN!  When we came to pick up Jindol, his bed was cleaner than the way I brough it!  These guys are great!  I will always go back to them when I am visiting Vegas.  These owners have huge hearts, and it showed that my dog enjoyed staying with them.  Thanks for taking care of our son!  We will be back!
5	I wish there are places like this all over the world. This is a family run business and is run for joy not money. They let us check in our puppy at 11:00pm and took amazing care of him. He was super happy for 2 days. They bathed him, groomed him and washed all his toys, blanket everything. God bless Chris and his mother as they are doing this as a service not as a business. Some other incredible things I noticed is their treats are made of organic stuff, the place does not have any dog smell. Chris mother is retired veterinarian (I think) and knows a lot of dogs. I will always keep my dog with them whenever I go to Vegas. Thanks a lot you guys!
5	We hate to travel without our dogs but it sometimes we do things they don't enjoy. Susan and Chris are so good to them that they ran in the second time they were there and are so relaxed and happy when I pick them up. We came back to l v in three weeks because they made it so much better in allowing us flexibility. The devotion they have to dogs is amazing . And the facility is clean and prices are great. I can't praise them enough.
5	We just boarded our dog with Small Town Dog over the weekend and we were nervous leaving him in a new place.    Best decision we could have made.   From the time we got there both the owner and her son took their time to get to know Brinkley and by the time we left he was calm and not nervous.  The set up is not a typical kennel with cages.  They have the dogs in spacious pens with blankets toys and small dog houses.    Our dog (Brinkley) never wants to go the doggy spa and when we pick him up he is shaking and running for the door.   When we picked him from small town it was like coming home.  He was calm relaxed.Additionally, when I called to check on him they offered to let me talk to him.   I did not take them up on the offer, but they are more than accommodating to nervous owners.They did a great job and we will be back....   I wish they were located where we live.
5	I live in Los Angeles and needed a place to board my 155lb dog for the weekend in Vegas. The owners were very accomodating, immediately rearranging things to make an extra large pen. At the end of the weekend, my dog was relaxed and happy, and I got a full report about his eating, walks, etc. I wish there was a place like this is LA, but will definitely be a returning customer!
1	I am NOT coming back to this place; mainly because they don't let the dogs play with each other, and it doesn't seem that they let the dogs out of their improvised pens.  They say they play with the dogs, and they walk them twice a day in their back alley way, but who knows.  I didn't see any village, dog house, potty area, or play yard.We left our 1-yr old Springer spaniel for 1 night, and when we picked him up, he was all stressed out.  As soon as we walked out, he pulled us to the sidewalk and peed like we had never seen before.  Then as soon as we got to a park, he did #2 and peed again!!!  Poor guy must have been holding up the entire day - this is just cruel.Update:  It's been 3 days since we left our dog in this place and he's been activing very strange.  He's been hiding in the closets and behind furniture (he normally hangs out with us all the time), and he is not playing with his favorite toy!!!  What the heck did they do to him???BTW, we have boarded him several times before back in MD, so this is definetly not normal.
5	My dogs stayed here about 10 months ago, but now that I am looking at making another trip to Las Vegas I feel good knowing they have a great place to stay.  The name 'small town' is what you get.  It's not big or flashy, but the caretakers truly extend a genuine hospitality when it comes to caring for your dog.  My dogs are both on raw diets which are a little bit more work than kibble.  Not a problem!  Also impressed that if anything were to go wrong (which it did not) they call on a holistic veterinarian.  It is comforting to know that someone was there at all times with my boys, and they got more spoiled than they do at home!  As much as I love my dogs it gets tight in the bed if they join... Turns out they got to sleep in the bed there!  And the final touch.. washing all their bedding.  Geez, I mean I hardly ever do it.  Was great to get it back all fresh and clean smelling!Seriously people, take your dogs here.  They care for them as their own.  I have recommended them to other friends in the LA area who go out to Vegas, and I know I will always use them on my trips.
1	The owners Susan and Chris are nice people but they are having some serious business problems which I believe are distracting them.  When I arrived to drop off my dog, Susan and I went over what I brought to feed him (they recommend you supply your own food to avoid gastric problems) and the 2 toys I brought to keep him entertained.  Just to be sure there was no confusion, I also left very simple written instructions about his food and clearly marked everything as well.When I picked the dog up two days later, he was fine, but I discovered none of his food had been given to him and no toy or treat was given to him either!  When I called her back to discuss what went wrong, she apologized and said she apparently misunderstood me.  As I unpacked the little bag I sent with the dog, I realized everything reeked of cigarette smoke--it permeated every single thing I sent with the dog, even his leash and harness!  Looking back, I'm so glad I at least made sure he had his bed and blanket in the pen before I left or he might have been sleeping on the cold floor!  I think they mean well but are caught up with their problems at the moment.  If this could happen when they only had a couple of dogs there, I can't imagine what could go on when they have a full house.  I won't be going back to Small Town Dog.
5	My husband and I are only here temporarily (2.5 years) for his job, so we are traveling back home to the Midwest frequently, and can't take our dogs. We have two small pups (a Shih Tzu and a Bichon/Poodle mix) and we are VERY picky about where we will leave them, because they are very precious to us, and up until this point we've only had to leave them with family members. I did a TON of research after we moved here to find the best option for boarding, and found Small Town Dog. And, after boarding with them 7 or 8 times, I won't take my dogs anywhere else. Here's my honest feedback:Negatives: - There really isn't a good outdoor run - just an alleyway with fences on either side that the dogs are walked out to twice a day....that's the downside of being in the middle of a city.- I don't love the neighborhood....but the facility itself is back in a protected corner of the strip mall, which helps a little.-The dogs are placed on piddle pads, and since they are only let out twice a day they often smell like urine when I get them home...but I would bathe them after being gone even if they didn't smell, so it really doesn't bother me that much.Positives: - The dogs are never in a small kennel. They are always in an open-top "fence" in a room with other dogs and people.- They are never forced to interact with other dogs in open spaces. (my dogs are sweet, but very timid around other dogs and prefer their own space) - They can have their own beds and toys.- They are never alone. Susan and at least one other employee (they have hired a few people now that they've been so busy) are always in the room - sleeping, watching movies, etc. That's VERY important to me, knowing that someone is with them every hour of the day. - Yes, the place used to smell like smoke (as one negative reviewer noted), and it used to drive me nuts because I detest smoke. However, shortly after the new year they moved over one office space to the left, and have since stopped smoking indoors. Nothing I bring home smells like smoke anymore. - It's an easy commute from the airport to pick them up.- Their hours are amazing (I believe it's 7 am - 10 pm), and they are VERY willing to open the doors early for you to drop off if needed, and also willing to let you in late to pick the pups up. This is important to us, because we sometimes fly odd hours, and I don't want to go home without the dogs!
1	It's really hard to know how your dog is being treated when they are boarding.We didnt have a bad experience necessarily, but based on the way my dog acted when we picked her up- I wouldn't board my dog here again. When I picked her up- she peed from excitement which is a normal thing after boarding- however she peed a  unusually large amount making me think she had been holding it for awhile. When she went potty on the floor- the employee said they go potty on the green floor...so I'm wondering if she had beenleft to just go potty in her kennel. This may have caused her difficulty and stress because she is potty trained and knows to only go on grass.When we left the building- she took off running and would not listen to us when we called her. This has never happened before, she is a very obedient dog. Normally she is very clingy to us when we pick her up. I believe this behavior was caused because she had not been given any exercise for the last two days while she had been boarded. I had not been given a tour of any area where the dogs are exercised. We brought in her blanket and favorite toys- but they were not in her kennel when we arrived and they were packed the same way as when we dropped them off. I don't think she was given them during her stay, which makes me sad because her blanket would have been a great comfort to her- it's her favorite thing in the whole world. The employee kept talking about my dog to try to make me feel like they had fun together, but the things he was describing are not in my dogs personality at all. I didn't think he was talking about my dog, or that he was just saying his usual "script" he says to customers. I had paid for a bath, she smells clean and her coat is soft. Her nails were clipped, but they were not dremeled and are very rough. When we got home she drank her entire bowl of water and slept for a long time. After this experience, I worry about her care of her needs as well as her comfort over the past weekend. I will not be bringing her here again.
1	I went to check this place out after reviewing their website and they no longer have a dog run in the back of the facility.  They were very prompt to inform me that while my 65LB Pitbull was with them that they would not be outside at all.  It was only when I showed up onsite to take a look that they had informed me of this, good thing I checked it out in advance.  If I had relied upon what they said over the phone I would have been very upset to find this out and to have to scramble to make some last minute arrangements.   I find this completely unacceptable if you are looking to leave your dog for an extended period of time as I was looking to leave my dog for 5 days over the holiday.  My dog is crate trained and would have been very uncomfortable having to relieve herself within her confinements.This facility is not fit for overnight boarding for my dog, it may be suitable for daycare for others but I will not be using them.
1	Pro: - Great business hours from 7am to 10pm and never closes even on Christmas and New Year.- Provide bed, dog house and pee pad.Con:- Facility. Very small area and I do mean small as in whatever you see, thats it! No separate room or playground in the back. Every room the dogs live in are in the front, separated by plastic fence. As far as i can see, this is operated by two people and only one of them takes care of everything for the dogs, the other one just sit behind the desk. -No grass. No backyard. No running area.- Fence. When I dropped off my dog, I saw that medium/small size dogs are placed in a plastic open-top fence that are short in height and can be broken through easily. Big dogs however are been placed separately in fenced-up gate against the wall. But when I went to pick up, I saw couple big dogs placed in the open-top fence surrounded by small dogs! Note! those fences aren't sturdy or tall enough to keep the big dogs inside. They can easily jump over to their neighbors and attack them! - If your dog is scared of strange surrounding and in alert mode all the time, do not take him/her here because they can see all the dogs around them through the holes of the fence as well as randomly walk-in customers. - Smoking. The staff that takes care of the dogs is a big-time smoker that we had to take some steps back when talking to him so imagine how the dogs would feel staying in a confined area with this man walking around them or even pick them up.- Staff. Two old lady and man, probably in their 50 or 60s and they dont seem to know what they are doing. The lady asked me to sign "Consent of Rules" when we picked up the dogs, shouldn't it be signed when we drop off?If the above info aren't enough, then consider this. I'm sure all those pets hotel, including Petsmart, do not give the bed/food/toy you brought to your dogs. THey might do as you requested but dont be surprised if they don't. Now Small Town Dog is a very small facility and with the open-top fence, they can practically just raise their heads and look at a specific dog! Ever since we dropped off our dog, we called every day, and asked if the bed and toys were placed in his area and if our food were fed. Each time we ask, the lady always said yes and to assure we were talking about the same dog, we described our dog and made sure she knew which one and again, she confirmed and said everything was taken care of. So imagine when we went to pick up our dog, the bed and toys weren't with him and the food weren't opened at all, you can imagine how furious we were!! Our dog was placed RIGHT NEXT to her and our bag of stuff was right behind her, was it so difficult to just turn and place the stuff??? And why lie????? We called and reminded her, more than once, was it so much to ask?Now with this, I seriously doubt they would walk the dog like they described.If you really love your dogs, DO NOT TAKE HIM/HER HERE!!! When we picked up our dogs, all the other dogs in there were whining. Note, not barking but whining.
1	All I have to say is GROSS! The owners are nice but clearly not all there as I could not even understand the guy over his grunting.  I asked where the dogs play, they don't.  I asked if there was an area they take them outside and they don't.  The lady told me there was a great area for the dogs to watch T.V.  and they took me to the corner of the room to a futon which was gross and dirty.  There is no where for the dog to go to the bathroom unless they go in the small gated cement area.   Your dog literally sits in a 4 x 4 fenced in area plastic flimsy gate. This is nothing luxury about this place.
5	The lady owner in here definitely loves pets.....I appreciated every single time I did business with them!! Thank you for the way you made my puppy feel so comfortable,I saw it in his actions even when I snuck up on him and just watched for any signs of difference...thank you
