4	The older location of Popo's has been in operation for decades, but I had never been there. The new location took over an empty Garcia's building. Four of us went on a Monday night and it was unbelievably crowded. Everything we had earned positive reviews. My green chili and red chili combination was excellent. We'll be back.
5	I took the whole family there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and there was about a 20 minute wait to sit down.  Figured it was a good thing that we were not the only ones there.  The chips and salsa were good and the waitress was super busy but still took good care of us.  We all ordered some form of chimichanga and they were all good.  They messed up my order and brought me beef instead of chicken which was ok because the beef had a little kick to it.  The kids had minichimis beef and chicken and they had no complaints.  We will definateley be going back.  Maybe next time we will take advantage of happy hour.
2	I went the same night Rick H went and had the exact same experience, I think we must have had the same waitress. When we asked what imports she had on tap she listed Bud, Coors, Miller.....LOL She was super sweet and very new so Im sure she will be grerat in a couple weeks. This was our second time in,  We went opening week ( I know my bad) for our first time and waited and hour and a half for the food so tonight's dinner was comped to try to woo us back in.  Nothing stand out here just your Typical Sonora Mexican food nothing special, nothing terrible.  I think the bar will do well and since the closest competition is maccayo's I'm sure this place will do great.  Sorry to say I haven't discovered my favorite new Mexican food place in POPO"s, shame because it''s 5 mins from home.
3	Our platters were served on a very hot plate that kept our food warm.  The food was great but not memorable.
2	We came to this place based on a recommendation from a family member who has been to the original location. We went there for happy hour but when we asked the server what the happy hour specials were, they didn't exactly know. It ended up being $3 for a 24oz. domestic draft, which is pretty good. There were no happy hour specials on food, but we ordered the Mary Lou from the appetizer menu. It was a quesadilla with red chile con carne. It was pretty good and definitely very filling but nothing spectacular. Overall, I would say that this place is just kind of forgetable.
3	Met up with some people for happy hour and had an OK time. First the Good: Their happy hour is 7 days a week! And the usual free chips and salsa! The decor is appropriate and they have TVs for watching sports. The Bad: its kinda just the same greasy Mexican food that everyone else offers. And even though they were showing sports, they had a Hockey game on the speakers, the game ended and they still kept the sound on, so we heard the boring after show and then they let it run for some fixing up cars show that almost put me to sleep. And last, the service was very polite but not very attentive, we found ourselves asking for things like water multiple times. And we had an exact party of 6 so they added a gratuity and never told us about it, we are pretty good tippers but it's kinda irritating when you try to slip another one in. Overall I would only go back if I were meeting up with someone there, I have a Valle Luna even closer to me and its the same place pretty much so, I have that to look forward to.
3	More like just-OK, came here today after hearing good things about it the other day from some friends that love the downtown location.  The atmosphere was the same casual look of Garcias and the service was very good as well.  The food though was just OK and maybe I was disappointed from all the hype.  I ordered a pollo fundido (called something else though) and my wife had a combo which included tamale, tostada, & enchilada.  My fundido was pretty good but Carolos Obriens still blows it away and my wifes tamale was a little dry and she wasn't impressed with the tostada or enchilada either.  It's hard to say if we will be back since Macayos is so close to this location and that is just slightly better than this place.  I was still tempted to make the drive to Carlos Obriens the whole time i was here.  Salsa was just OK also, but i asked for hot sauce and they brought me some pretty good stuff that mixed well with the salsa.
5	Firstly, the people posting 4 and 5 stars are the only intelligent ones. Let me explain. The others are saying that the food is the same greasy Mexican food you can find anywhere. Evidently these people don't have a very developed palate. I don't think they can distinguish between fresh and frozen goods, proper spices and just extra cheese, or anything else. This was the best Ameri-Mexican food I've had in a LONG time.As for the service, we sat at a table in the bar because they were so busy and we were served CONSTANTLY by not one, but TWO servers.....This place rocks, the haters just came here with a predisposition to not like it....
4	HUGE portions. AMAZING salsas (especially the green...). FISHBOWL-SIZED margaritas. Menu contains all of the Mexican essentials- but nothing innovative or unique. We had a great service experience and definitely plan on returning.
1	We decided to try it out for Valentines day.  I can easily say we won't be going back there anytime soon.  The service was terrible, and the food was far from traditional.  My Chicken Lime salad was just a salad with chicken in a tortilla bowl with ranch dressing.
3	I have been to Popo'ssevera times and alsways sit in the bar area, which is perfect for happy hour and a frosty beverage. The food is pretty good and the staff is always friendly. Not sure if I would go here for anything other then happy hour or a casual drink or bite to eat. Fun place to watch a game and hang out with friends.
1	I was very disappointed in the service and the food. Meet up with a friend for lunch. It took them forever to get our drinks, then to take our order, by the time we got our food it was an hour and they were not busy. It was very greasy I had the chili rellano it was just awful.
5	Been going to the original popo's since before my first childhood memories. Salsa & hot sauce is THE best! Can't find machaca beef or enchilada sauce like it anywhere else. Still the best comfort food I'll ever know!
1	Arizona is one of the few states that does Mexican food right. This place apparently did not get the memo. The experience wasn't all bad. The margarita's were good, and the chips were good as well. That's about as good as it got. The salsa was flavorful, but lacked any sort of spice. I did get a side of "hot sauce" but it tasted like tomato sauce mixed with chili seasoning (not spicy at all). I ordered the mini chimi's, chili con queso, and a cup of tortilla soup for my daughter and I to split. The tortilla soup was terrible! It lacked any sort of flavor, and had more tortilla strips and cheese than anything. Very few vegetables (no avocado?!?), and hardly any chicken. I've had better soup from a can to be perfectly honest. The chili con queso dip was average, but nothing special. Pretty sure it was the Velveeta with Rotel chili recipe. The mini chimi's were greasy! Upon taking my first bite, grease literally came out the other side and ran down my hand.  GROSS!The service was decent, but not memorable. All in all, I wouldn't recommend Popo's to anyone who had high expectations for their Mexican craving.
1	Let me just keep it simple. Popo's should be named poopoo's.The only people that could possibly enjoy this food is someone very intoxicated.
4	I would rate the food a 5 and the service a 3.5. I ordered the pollo fundido the green sauce is not the run of the mill Mexican restaurant type. The sauce had a distinct taste! Loved it! Food came out quick and hot! We had to wait for someone to take our plates and felt after we received our food the service was over. We were handed our bill, however we wanted to order a to go plate and desert. Awkward. Over all the food was amazing and the atmosphere was appealing.
3	Good food and good service. What more can you ask for? We've been there for lunch and for dinner and have enjoyed the food both times. The Mexican pizza is very tasty. You won't be disappointed!!
3	They are fabulous when you order the margaritas either full price that is less than $5.00 or happy hour that seems almost free.The food and service varies just like any other Sonoran Mexican place,when we were here this weekend Emanuel gave use truly spectacular service unlike any service we had here before.I always order the Chicken Fajita salad and every time it is slightly different but always decent I had it at least four times.We go here instead of a chain place it is much better than chains even on a bad day so far.
2	For the most part, I really like their  food. However, I went there this past weekend and ordered some of the guacamole with my meal. It tasted stale/old and I mentioned it to my waitress. Instead of taking it off the table (I did not eat it) and taking it off my bill, she came back to explain that the kitchen said that it all depended on the quality of the avocados from day to day and that I had the bad luck of getting the bad avacodos. Not her exact words, but her sentiment.  Wrong answer! Her tip reflected it.  I will be hesitant to go back in the near furture and will definitely not have the guacamole again, which is an upsale because I always order extra with my meal.
1	Service and food was AWFUL...the whole dining experience...from the time we sat down to the time we received our undercooked chicken (that we tried to send back and the manager was a total b**ch about it); THEY EVEN KEPT IT ON OUR BILL EVEN THOUGH WE DIDN'T EVEN EAT A BITE OF IT....WORST RESTAURANT EVER....totally not the same as the original....NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO THERE....
1	Went to Popo's today on 8/4/11. I wanted to go somewhere close and get some somewhat "soft food". My Grandmother just had her teeth fixed and could not chew that well. I could have easily gone across the street to Macayos and had reliable service and food (well sorta). Instead, I decided to go to Popo's on 59th and Bell. Have had them a few times, NO PROBLEMS. Guess I never had take out from them before. I ordered  a fish burro and my Mother had a taco and tostada a la cart. Then I asked for a to go order of a green chili burro. I did not know that on togo orders you must order chips and salsa separate (FRICKIN CHEAP). Anyway, I had a good meal. The food was decent and the service up until this point was adequate. Or server who's name is Junior had a follow that day. I understand the stress, but make a good impression for the one that you are training so they will know the right way to do things. Anyway, asked for boxes and he brought us some. Then our TO GO order came out. No chips and salsa provided. I guess that's a way to generate more revenue for the company. Still, no problem since I had some on my table. I took the chips and salsa and walked to the kitchen. The Manager, Vicky Baird,  was standing right at the doorway. I asked her to please box up the chips and salsa. She then stated it was against health code and rudely walked away. I put the chips and salsa down and left. I was now very mad. I went to the table and told my companion "NO TIP". I told him we would NEVER be back. Junior took it upon himself to tell me that he, "encourages us to not come back." Wonder how his boss would like that???? NEVER again. I will continue to spread this message for at least the next two years. 3500+ local facebook friends I am sure will agree.
1	Deciding where to go with 16 girls is a challenge in it's own.  After deciding on a mexican restaurant that claims it is "good for groups" and being a mexican restaurant where it's already loud between the sizzling fajitas, clanking margarita glasses and multiple Happy Birthday celebrations, we mistakenly chose Popo's.  Our waitress was very nice and very good at her job.  The chips and salsa were great, food was average but you'd think a table of 16 would be a good sign for a good nights profit.  Apparently the manager thought differently.  After being told that we were being too loud and in an extremely unprofessional way, we took our party of 16 people next door to buy their drinks and eat their food.  Won't return.  Should change their settings to "not good for large groups."
3	First time here.. Read the reviews. Good and bad. Good thing is they use fresh ingredients that aren't from a can.  $3 dollar maragaritas are hard to screw up. Basic chips and salsa, salsa could be more flavorful. I had the shredded beef taco and fish taco. Both were a little greasy and the fish was like van decamps fish sticks in a greasy corn tortilla.. But they did use fresh toppings cabbage and cheese and the sauce was excellent. Also had the shrimp tacos and tortilla soup which were both pretty good. The food is a little greasy but better than the chain restaurants in the area. And you can't beat happy hour!
2	First of all my take on the food is it is Awesome!  We have always liked the food.  BUT the service really really really is very very very BAD.  They left us at the table with glasses empty fo longer then they should have especially after having spicy mexican food.  Also when it was time to get the check or pay they just completely disappeared.  Service has steadly went down hill.
4	We have gone here twice now. Once after they first opened & then again tonight. The food was good, no complaints. I ordered a chicken burrito; my boyfriend ordered the 3 carne asada taco plate. Both were great, I think he ate half of my burrito but that's nothing new! The chips and salsa are delicious and the margaritas are Yummy! We used to eat at the original Popo's on Indian school when I was growing up so my family was excited to see this one open on our side of town. Good food, reasonable prices. We will be back!
5	Best mexican food in Phoenix...hands down. We used to live in maryvale so we would frequently visit the westside location, i am now very pleased that we can get west phx mexican without going back to west phx...as another reviewer said only intelligent people are the one's who give this place 4 or 5 stars. Their food is awesome (try the polo chimi with jalapeno cream cheese) and service is always great as well. Me and my wife were even given a complimentary desert by the manager one day just because he thought it would be a nice thing to do for a young couple...God bless Po Po's and i hope these low star reviewers find themselves at Filaberto's since they cant appreciate quality mexican food
1	I've only been here once myself, and I wasn't impressed. The service was great, staff was very friendly and helpful, we waited for nothing, even though they were pretty busy with the game 6 crowd. We got chips and salsa right away, the salsa was fresh but kind of boring, we asked if they had any hotter salsa which they brought out right away. This honestly seemed less spicy than the original and tasted more like ketchup. Stick to the original.My boyfriend ordered the taco grande which was huge and tasty by his account. another star. As a vegetarian I didn't have many options, the only beans they use are refried with lard, so I ordered the veggie fajita burro, enchilada style which sounded pretty great. Food came out quickly but I have to say my burrito was a little... Taco Bell? Sauce was bland, the burrito was a lot of puffy flour tortilla and the veggies were too large to be consumed. I ended up ditching the tortilla and chopping up my vegetables with lettuce and the house salsa. Would have been a pretty average experience if I hadn't gotten violently ill on the way home. Not sure if even the veggie burro is safe for vegetarians. Sorry Popo's, I really wanted to like you, but I'm not coming back.
5	Finally, a nice sit down Mexican Restaurant where you order from the table.  Nice decor and clean.  Service and food was excellent.  Been looking for a place like this for some time.  Will go back!
4	Had a great experience. Not too long of a wait and the food came quick, hot and delicious.
4	All my Mama Siesta's in the house...  this place is so fantastic.  The prices are very affordable can easily feed a family of four because portions are big you can share!!!The food is yummy too;) Every time we have gone the service was right on with a great attitude and friendly smiles.  Give it a try awarded Analynn's :)
4	Have to say I was very skeptical about "Popo's fiesta del sol" but being that I'm a mexican food adventurer I had to try it. 1st was seated pretty much right away which generally is a bad sign on a Sunday night (good restaurants are way to busy on Sunday nights)2nd Chips and salsa right away with a drink order taken within 3-4 minutes of being seated. 3rd chips and salsa were good although I'm a spicy kind of guy the salsa was ok enough for the kids to eat and for me to enjoy. Now, when food arrived in a decent amount of time the presentation was good and the plate was full. I got "El Pollo especial"  and it was OUTSTANDING! My daughters got children menu items and they were not so pleased with the ground beef taco (ground beef tacos should be left to taco bell and ajo al's) that's why they get 4 stars instead of 5. All in all the service was good the waitress allowed me to sample the menudo which was PERFECT and I will be back to try it. I would recommend this restaurant not for authentic/tex mex/southwest style/sonorran style/ just for good food! See you soon Popo's
5	The best green chili burrows we've ever had- and I grew up on Mexican food. We'll definitely be back. Everything was really good. Prices not bad either.
3	Pretty good dining.  I ordered a Taco Platter - 2 carne asada tacos and 1 fish taco.  I thought the fish in the fish taco had waaay too much breading.  The rest of the food items were typical of any large chain Mexican restaurant.  Lots of food, chips, salsa, which could have been spicier/hotter - was tame enough for small children, but I think adults prefer more kick.  Service was fast and very friendly.
3	MY GOD! the happy hour 3-7pm margarita's are STRONGAs for the food so far the only thing I ever order is a chicken fajita salad and so far they are always OK but they differ slightly each time. This time was less chicken and much more fried onions but it was still OK with the white meat chicken fresh and not greasy. I tasted the guacamole from my husbands plate and noticed it had some sour cream mixed threw it and I don't remember noticing that before.I did notice they have some new menu items such as grilled chicken with mixed vegetables and some sort of (I think) fish burrito. A new side option is jalapeno cream cheese.My husband had one of the combination plates he said it was OK and didn't think the margaritas were as strong as I thought.Service from Jose was excellent!Popo's is not the best but also not the worst you can do MUCH WORST in this area.  I do bet Popo's makes the strongest $3.00 happy hour margarita's anywhere! 2.5 stars- 3 stars
5	I love POPOs!! I have been going here all my life.  I love the salsa there. Everything that I order is always amazing.  I recommend the machaca enchilada with a side of beans.
4	Good food.  Not my favorite in the Valley but it's close to home so we will be back.
3	Not bad! I've been here a few times for their $1 beef taco lunch specials. Some days the beef is more flavorful than others, but it's never bad. Great portions and you always get chips and salsa which is nice. I've walked out of here paying $6  for my meal (4 tacos) + tip and left full and happy. This place gets a little busy around lunch time, but they do the best they can to serve you as quickly as possible.
5	Saturdays and Tuesdays are $1 Margarita days.(Oh and the food is really good too.)
5	Me and my family absolutely love this place! ever since 3 margaritas went down a few years back, we were looking for a good replacement for Mexican food. Their food is always piping hot, their drinks are good and prices are fair. My suggestion would be to get the spinach con queso or the spicy queso dip. They always come out hot. The flour chips can be a little on the raw side...The service here is kind of fickle. Usually we get good servers, but the last time we went here the guy wasn't as attentive and seemed... lost.The food is worth going back for again and again. Definitely recommend this place!
4	We really enjoyed our lunch here, and couldn't find a thing to complain about. Service was fantastic and friendly, the price was ok and plates were full. After reading other postings here, I wonder about consistency??? I will definately go back and review again.
4	I rarely go to a place more than once.  Now having made that statement, I have been to Po Po's 3 times in the last 3 months! I freakin' love this place! Happy Hour margarita's are only $3.00, yummy, tart,  and strong! My limit is 3 and I'm seriously schnockered. The food is what you'd expect from a place such as this, basic Tex Mex dishes covered in cheese (not necessarily a bad thing), the portions are large and the food comes out hot. The salsa is some of the best I have ever had and I eat the entire bowl every time. I had one of the salads the last time we went and I swear there was half a creamy delicious avocado on it. What a treat!
4	i love the food ..spinach dip , fish tacos and amazing peach and bananna margaritas ....only complaint is service can be poor ....there is a older gentleman who works lunch that does ok but i suggest sitting in the bar area usually the best of the service.
4	We use to make the drive to the ghetto (67th and indian school) for their great food and now they have taken over a Garcia's in the burbs.  This place is always busy!  The food is your standard tasty mexican and prices moderate.  Much better than its former the Garcia.Check it out and see for yourself!
4	Yay went here on Father's day. Love the service loved the food. The salsa was perfect hot but not too runny. The hot sauce was good too. Had 6 of us eat and only $60.00 perfect setting for us for Father's Day. We go back often. Tried the chicken taco grande will try the chicken enchilada's next my youngest said they were really good.
3	Stopped in for lunch today. The service was quick and the food tasty. The lunch menu is very limited and with an iced tea the meal was over $10 before tip. It is however one of the few restaurants in the area where you can have a sit down lunch and be back at the office within an hour.
2	I was hoping for some good Mexican food as this place is close to my work but that was far from what I got.  I felt the sevice was the only good thing at this place.  I judge a lot of places by their salsa and it was just lacking bold flavors or spice.  My meal was just average at best and I highly doubt I will be heading back.
5	Saturdays and Tuesdays are $1 Margarita special.I personally prefer the one on Indian School it feels homier. But this place still rocks!
4	Had a really good time with family and friends tonight..... as always the food was really good..... I ordered an enchilada but got a tamale instead......I will go back for there tamale's......This has to be my favorite Mexican food  restaurant in the valley................
4	Portions are huge and the prices are reasonable. The salsa is tasty and the specials are good. Had the chicken chimichanga and it was pretty solid.
5	Finally got around to eating here after many co-workers telling me how good the food was. It definitely lived up to the hype. The food was really flavorful and the service was friendly and fast.
4	old place is better
2	Visited this place last week when my folks were in town,It's an older style family restaurant, I ordered some carnitas tacos and a Chile relleno. The tacos were ok, the Chile relleno was good, and their rice was excellent, really enjoyed it. I was terribly sick about a half an hour after leaving the restaurant and it lasted a day and a half. By sick I mean making sure a bathroom was within running distance.Wish it didn't happen, but that's life. Won't be going back. :(
3	Mediocre at best. Plate dinners average $10. Big turn off. They were understaffed and not that busy, yet it took them a while to take our order.The food is ok, nothing spectacular to cause me to do cartwheels over. I know a better place just up the road from them with better prices, better selections, and fresher ingredients.
4	Only had to wait 10 minutes on busy Sunday afternoon. Once seated, chips, salsa and drinks where provided. All was good. Food came promptly and was decent. Prices were good and so was dessert. Nothing was out of this world but nothing was bad. Would definitely recommend.
3	My husband really likes this place. This was where he wanted to go for his birthday. I am neutral about this place. It can be pretty good, but its not the freshest, most innovative mexican. There are not very many healthy options. Everything is very heavy, greasy, huge, and covered in cheese. Now this type of food can be appealing, especially if you had too many drinks the night before. I still like to find healthier dishes though, and it is hard here.The service is friendly though. Be warned Peorians/Glendalians love this place and it can get pretty crowded so you might have a bit of a wait. One thing I absolutely do not like is that most tables are raised, so the high chairs are either too low or have to be stacked on top of each other. They are also sticking out in the path of the waiters. Last time we went, a waiter carried a sizzling place of fajitas right over my babies head. OMG I almost had a heart attack and just kept her on my lap. It was so scary. Basically, its like normal American style mexican food. I just feel that I am in Phoenix, and can get more legit mexican elsewhere.
4	Yum! Had the fajitas, they were delicious!
4	I love this place, and always go back.  Helps that it's right down the street from me. Service has always been fast and I've never had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a table.Food notes:~ Beans are ok,  my mother in law's are better. (but then, she was born and raised in Mexico! Hard to beat that) ~ Mango margarita was awesome, but not enough booze in it.~ I ordered a virgin margarita on their .99 margarita night... turns out they charge you FULL PRICE for a friggin virgin margarita, when I could get a loaded one for a dollar.  I was pretty irked with that.~ .5 lb carnitas fajitas were amazing... be aware that it's a ton of food and you will likely have lunch and possibly dinner for the next day.~ Carnitas plate was also humongous.~ I do like to order the chicken and veggies plate quite a bit.  The veggies are nicely seasoned and well cooked.**Gluten/Celiac FYI: red sauces are thickened with wheat flour rue, stick with the green chili or the simple sauces. Other sources of gluten are obvious.
5	I love Popos. I have been going to the Indian School location my whole life. Living in North Phoenix, i was stoked to find out about their new location. I finally tried it out last night.I got my regular- Green chili Burrito Enchillada Style with r/b. It was excellent as always. The service was very fast. They re-filled my drinks quickly.It was very clean and nice in the new location. Rec a million times.
5	Been eating at this restaurant for over 30 years (between both locations). Pricing is good, atmosphere is great. BEST Mexican food in the valley!
4	OK but not fantastic food-at least in my opinion.  It is basic, quick, non americanized faire.  I would like to see the salsas perked up a bit but doubt that will happen as they havent been changed in years and years.
4	We tried it and liked it.  I thought it was better than most!  Traditional Mexican food and plenty of seafood options - or at least more than most.  It's always crowded and was recommended to us by an Arrowhead resident.
3	The food here was not anything to write home to mom about. The wait for a table was extremely long. My daughter ordered the nachos that were horrible. I ordered a grilled chicken burrito that was filled with raw veggies. The veggie pieces were huge. The onions were so large I just could not eat them. There queso tasted like it came out of a jar or can. My husband had the chimichanga he stated he liked it and ate every drop of it.  The beans and rice were good.  I will give it one more try and maybe order something different.
1	Walked in around 10:00pm. Waited 15min and still not greeted by a server, to top it off the silverware had old food deposits on it. Absolutely unacceptable in my book. Did not hang around long enough to try the food.
2	I used to think they were OK for what they are. This is family owned American Style Mexican Restaurant that always has fresh made salsa that always taste good and dirt cheap $3.00 margaritas that gets you whoosey.I was here this weekend and had the Chicken Fajita Salad (the only thing I eat from here) because it is decent. I pulled out a long piece of bacon from it. I didn't make a big deal about it because I thought maybe bacon was their secret seasoning. It sort of bothered me since I never noticed bacon before and I called them up today and the girl on phone said they don't have bacon in the restaurant so it must have fallen out of someones sandwich or something.This place is a slop house. They don't care about what they slop on a plate. That Violates menu accuracy.
1	The service at this Popo's is not that great!   The original Popo's we never had to ask for anything.  At this Popo's we had to ask to be served, and this site feels like a chain.
5	I really, really love this Popo's. I have never had a bad experience here, and everyone I have brought here has loved it. They have THE BEST salsa I have ever had. Loved it so much we bought a quart of it! Their lemonade is also very good. The food is definitely above average. I would recommend this place to everyone!
3	This place is not too bad. Got some good drinks and some unique menu items. Chips and salsa are quite good though. Other than that I have nothing else to say. Nothing really stood out the few times i was there.
4	Been going to the original location on Indian School for a while but the new location is just as good. Waits were a bit long, even on a weeknight, but the service is friendly and the food was just the same. Unlimited salsa and chips, and the salsa actually tastes like someone made it rather than opening a jar.
5	One of my favorite spots in town if I can't get to the southside! I loooveee Popo's. Extremely fresh, hot and flavorful!  Get the el pollo especial! To DIE for! Dont forget the strawberry margarita! Frozen!
3	Tried this place over the weekend.  The service was Excellent!  The chips and salsa were good. I had a red chile burrito enchilada style.  With all of the rave reviews of this place I was expecting a lot more, but it was just OK.  It was the same as all the other red burrito's I've ever eaten.  Beans and rice that came with the combo was about the same as any other place I've been to.Beer was nice and cold, and the service was great!  I'd eat here again, but next time I'll try one of thier specialties.
5	I love Mexican food and have tried almost every Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix.  Popo's hands down is the winner.  I have been here at least 20 times since we discovered it about a year ago.  Never have I had a bad meal or bad experience.  The portions are huge and the price is VERY reasonable.  The only down side is that there is always a wait during dinner hours, even on the week days.  I defiantly recommend everyone try this place out at least once.
4	I'm not sure why this place only has 3 stars because its one of my fav's for Mexican. The chicken tortilla soup is amazingly scrumptious!  Huge chuncks of white meat chicken as well as other veggies!  On the lunch menu I always order the buckin burro with chicken enchilada style.  Oh my yumminess!  You get beans and rice as well. The chips and salsa are good too... If u like spicy you can ask for the hotter stuff. Service can vary depending on your server but most are pretty good. Had chicken fajitas too. Came out on sizzling plate as usual.  Pretty good but not the best I've ever had.
2	Good was very good, unfortunately the meat to tortilla ratio was 85% tortilla 15% meat in the chimichanga... sucks knowing I paid 14.95 for a 80 cent tortilla...
2	I think I am going to coin a new term for this type of "mexican" food: WASP-Mex.  It's where restaurants take mexican food and what they think is Mexican decor and put an anglo spin on it. I know some people like it and that's ok for them, but for an authentic experience Phoenix and the rest of the valley offer so much more.When I went I had a green chicken enchilada and taco. The flavor was bland and lacked other seasoning too. The green chiles tasted canned, the corn tortilla was tough, and the taco was greasy.  It was just not good.I find it sad because Mexican food has so many regional varieties and wonderful types of cuisine to choose from, but this type of restaurant really bastardizes the food and flavors that deserve to be among some of the world's best cuisines.
2	Love the food but the service is alway slow. Got seated @ 5:39pm and the waiter didn't come to the table till 5:47. And we are seated at a booth right next to another one of his tables. He took the other parties order looked at us and left. Assuming he went to put their order in. Then came over to us. If it wasn't for the food I wouldn't come here. Never had good service here ever.
5	Finally...a delicious Mexican food place that seats more then 10. The food is soooooo so good. Every time we go we have something new and it's always hot and fresh. Also their margarita selection is outstanding. I am a regular customer now and so is my whole family.
5	Come hungry because you get a lot. The food was delicious and the salsa tasted fresh. I think we found our new mexican restaurant home.
5	Great food! Chips and salsa were great! Will go back soon! Food was good price and came out hot. Shredded beef was tasty and chicken tacos were good for great dinner out!
5	Love this Place! Best Salsa Ever!
2	Been here twice now. The first time my wife got sick and won't return. The second time my son got sick. The food was very greasy and salty. The chips and salsa are great. I wish the other food was equally as good, but it really isn't.
5	Went for dinner last night..The food was awesome, best meal we've had at this location since it opened. Had the green chili burro tasted amazing and very tender...Wife had tostada, taco dinner, excellent! Frankie was our server and he did a great job. Only one complaint, the back ground music was a tad loud..
2	I was excited when my row mate on the plane told me that Popo's had opened a second location taking over an old Garcia's. I was totally bummed that this Popo's was kind of poopy compared to the original one in Maryvale. I ordered a cheese crisp and it was so sad I almost cried. The chicken taco was decent and the rice and beans were the requisite decent as were the chips and salsa. What totally sucked was the fact that their "guacamole" is something green (not real avocado mixed with sour cream). False advertising and I can just imagine what any lactose intolerant person would have to deal with if consuming this (thankfully, not one of my issues). I managed to order a couple of sides of avocado slices, some lemons and used their decent salsa to make my own guacamole. I grew up on Arizona Mexican food. This was not right on so many levels-except for our server who was adorable and accommodating.
2	My family have been going to the original one on Indian School since before I was born, I noticed this one opened not to long ago so today my brother and our friend went to eat here, I know it's the Holidays and waiting was a bit longer, that was understandable but we got seated after a hour of waiting, which we just got seated no one came up to us till about 10 minutes after just because a man was walking by, he saw we didn't have drinks so he offered to help. Then our actual waitress came and she gave us chips and salsa we sat and munch on those for a while I mean a GREAT WHILE, we sat and ate all the chips and waited again for about 30 minutes for someone to come up and ask us if we are ready to order. So we put our order in my brother got the exact same as me and our friend got two little things. We waited almost another whole hour to get our food and when we got it MY BROTHER'S FOOD WAS COMPLETELY WRONG! he was very upset and the waitress that dropped it off just took off so we all waited to see where she went so he could get it fixed about 20 minutes later she comes back finally and asks us is everything okay? My brother explained to her how she gave him the wrong thing and she just rolled her eyes and then tried to play it off like laughing and said oops. That's all, she was going to grab the plate but my brother told her never mind since it might take another HOUR to get the RIGHT food even then it could still be WRONG. So we just decided to stick with what we had since it might take another hour or longer to get food. She didn't even offered to take it off the bill till my brother explained that it should be since it was wrong and he didn't want to wait again for another hour. So she rolled her eyes and just said okay I'll do that. After that no one came to refill our drinks or ask us how our meal was NO ONE. She only came back to hurry and get our bills and get them done to move us out. I know at the original Popo's this would have never happened.
5	We adore PoPo's. I love going here because everything that we've had thus far has been pretty much perfect. The flour chips with the queso spinach dip are so effin' tastey and the shredded chicken is up there with the best ever. But there is one down side to at least this location...Manuel. He is a server that apparently hates his job or at least he hates the customers. His answer to what is the "green sauce" like was.... "it's like the red but green"............. This is on top of terrible service from him in general, l so if you go stay away from his section and you should be fine :-)
1	Honestly the WORST margarita we've EVER had.  Yuk. Had to put it on the bar and walk out.
3	It is ok. Food is good not great. Prices are average. All and all very average in all respects.
5	Love the sea food enchiladas and the complimentary chips and salsa.. will go back again.
4	Great food great service very pleased and recommend to anyone been going there for years
5	Never had a bad experience here so I give it 5 stars. Everything is delicious and quick to get to the table. On Tuesdays they do 99 cent margaritas. One of the better Mexican food joints. I prefer this location to the Indian School one.
5	Oh Popos how I love thee...let me count the ways. Awesome chips and salsa and friendly service.  But it's the seafood enchiladas that make this place my favorite restaurant.   They are the best I've ever had.  Just spicy enough and not fake crab meat tadting like so many others.  My little one enjoys the chicken tacos and hubby always orders something different but especially loves the cheese enchiladas.  My in laws celebrate everything here because the food is so great.  Mexican food is my favorite and I litterally ate her weekly when I was pregnant.   My favorite restaurant in the valley!
5	I met up with my boyfriend and his family for lunch.  We ordered from the regular menu however.  I had two items: green corn tamale & beef taco with beans & rice.  The chips and salsa were ready as we sat down.  The service is excellent and our time at the table was not rushed.  The other guests had the fiesta, chk fajitas &  another machaca specialty plate.  Everything is delicious.  We topped it all off with fried ice cream.  We will be back!
4	In the past I'd say the other location is better. But overall I think both work just fine. The other location seems to have specials more often. But here you don't have to deal with that back parking lot like on Indian School.If you are looking for great salsa, fair specials, a decent margarita, and pretty good food Popo's is always a good choice. The food is a bit heavier than some places but definitely better than xyzabertos.
5	We ate an early dinner at Popo's after a Spring Training baseball game at Maryvale Park.   We arrived at about 4:00 p.m., which was a good thing because the parking lot was almost full and there was only a short wait to be seated.   It was a Saturday, and thus Popo's served .99 cent margaritas with dinner.   Each of us had a specialty salad, complete with sliced meat (chicken or beef) and sliced avocados.   The salads were fresh and plentiful.   They were delicious.   Our server was prompt and attentive and we finished our dinners by 5:30 p.m.To top it all, our meal came to only $23.00 plus the tip - an almost unheard of price for dinner these days.The fine quality of Popo's food and their prices showed in the many people who were already eating at Popo's when we arrived.   We don't hesitate to recommend Popo's to anyone who wants fine Mexican food at affordable prices.Popo's is located in a reasonably safe neighborhood on West Indian School Road.   We will eat there again when we next visit Phoenix.
1	Worst service I have ever experiencedLarge takeout order was 25 minutes late and they Didn't even have forks!! Girl working at the front didn't have a clue, she wasn't on top of things at all
1	The wait staff and and manager were the worst I have ever seen. We waited 15 minutes before the waiter came by to take our order. Never saw him again. Called the manager over and she got a new waiter who was ok. Manager never checked on us again. If you go here and get a waiter named Jeff G. walk out! The food was good once it was ordered and arrived.
4	I love this place. Had family in from California and took them here. They loved it, and there is some really good Mexican food in Cali.
4	Chippppppppppp and salsaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!$1 Margarita for the win. They have two location, I like this place wayyy better :)) great customer service,  friendly and constantly filing up my drink!  I loved my veggie burrito,  with rice and bean. And if I wanted to,  I take a chip and dip it in the bean and rice. Yummmm. I shall come back.
4	Service was good. Chimi's were very good. Everything tasted fresh and not overly spicy. Just right. Atmosphere was very pleasant and appropriately Mexican. We'll be coming back. Cost was reasonable.
3	I have been coming to Popo's for some time now when there was just the location on Indian School.  The food has always been really good, but this last visit wasn't great.  We ALWAYS start with the chili con queso, because it is AMAZING!!!!! If you haven't tried it, you must!!  the chips and salsa were great as well. The only thing I can say about the salsa is that when we have gone there its not always consistent...sometimes its a little too spicy and other times its just right.   I ordered the carne asada burrito ala carte and my husband ordered steak fajitas.  My burrito was just o.k.  I had more pico de gallo in the burrito than steak! It was served on an extremely small plate with garnish on the side, the typical lettuce, tomato, etc.  I decided to eat my burrito with a fork and knife.  When I was trying to cut it up everything was falling off the plate due to the plate being way too small, the table was a mess!! My husband said his steak for the fajitas was way to fatty/chewy and he could hardly chew it.  The more he ate the more he was put off by it.  Not the best experience that we have had there.  We will go back but maybe to the Indian School location next time.
4	This is a pretty standard Americanized Mexican restaurant for the area. Our group of five was seated promptly (although it was very early, so no crowd yet.) Our server Manuel was very friendly and efficient, chips and salsa came out right away. I ordered a Fiesta Special which came on a big oval plate filled with refried, rice, and guac salad with a chili relleno and a machaca taco. The chili relleno was just OK, the shredded beef taco was delicious although could have used a little more beef. In all there was a lot of food on the table, they do not skimp on the portion sizes. Negatives: not much of a Mexican beer selection at all, they had mostly lighter domestic beers. Also, there didn't seem to be any really hot sauce to be found; the salsa was very mild and the 'hot sauce' they brought when asked was barely medium. So if you are really into that, bring your own bottle of hot sauce to put on their great food.
5	The absolute best thing about popo's is our bar tender Jeff! He is awesome. We never have an empty glass. And he is so fun and easy to talk to!
4	First time for us. Raves on chips & salsa were correct.  Wife tried tortilla soup then ordered seconds for tomorrow's lunch. Seafood enchiladas were top notch  as was chicken fajitas.  We'll be back..
4	My family has gone to Popo's at least a few times a month for over 20 years. When they put the new location on 59th and Bell, we were excited. So far, we are not impressed. The new location is nice because of the area (compared to the one on Indian School Rd). The food is very, very inconsistent. One night we are thrilled that it is good... Another night we are frustrated because the salsa is bland, or my chimi didn't seem like it had been deep fried for very long, or not to mention how many times we were brought the wrong order. The most recent visit, Mother's Day, we received a flower for my mom. I love that they do this. However, the food was horrible! My mom and I shared a green chili chimi. They brought out a shredded chicken burrito...so we sent it back... As soon as she brought the correct order, we noticed a horrible smell. Even the table next to us looked over. We took a few bites and immediately sent it back. It seemed the meat was bad. We notified the server and she sent the manager over. We didn't like to complain because we have been loyal customers for so long, but we wanted them to know something was very wrong with our meal. They comped our entire bill! We will most likely be going to the Indian School location from now on. They are always consistent and the food is always amazing.
5	Have been to this place before, didn't feel it was full of frills but always good hot food and good service. Went there last night and could not have been more impressed with the new entrance and patio. Whoever your contractor was, they did not miss a beat! Give them a bonus! Misters, heaters, fire pits, fire bowls, air conditioning. Wow! I felt like I was in a Scottsdale "esque" venue and only had to drive to 59th ave. We were absolutely impressed. We felt like we were on vacation in your new space. Can't wait to come back. You're officially my new favorite mexican on the west side!
1	My husband & I stopped for dinner.   After waiting for a bit & watching others walk in after us & then be seated before us,  I was a little irritated.   I went up & said something to the girls & was seated almost immediately.   The table that we were seated at was sticky to touch.   We were seated very close to the other tables around us (not enough space between chairs).  But then to see what I think was ground beef on the table from the customers before us..........GROSS!  We are long time customers of Popo's, both restaurants.  If this is what we are gonna look forward to from your restaurant, then I think maybe we'll find another Mexican food restaurant to eat at!
5	Extremely good food! I was pleasantly surprised by there steak, and service was prompt and courteous.
5	Best Mexican food your money can buy!! My family and I have eaten at popo's for over 20 years and no other Mexican food restaurant compares to this one.
5	Best Mexican food in AZ!!!! We drive from Gilbert for this stuff! We usually get the chicken chimichanga and tacos. Always great food!
5	The Machaca is THE BEST anywhere! Oh so tasty! Please give it a try! I like it in my chimi :) ****They just added a BEAUTIFUL new patio area! I havent been able to sit out there yet but I cant wait. Its so pretty. Once the Arizona heat cools off.... I'm there! :)
1	Went tonight for date night which we get maybe twice a year and service was bad from the start. After waiting forever for our food waitress finally came up and asked if she took our order cause she couldn't find our food. She then comes back and said it had been sitting up there and was cold so they'd make it fresh. Once it came out it wasn't even what I ordered, not even close. Ended up boxing my husbands to go and leaving with nothing for me. No credit for the bad experience or anything. Never had this happen there before. Was a disappointing night.
1	Be very careful with this place. I ate there a couple months ago as an invited guest of the proprietor Michael. The food was OK, but not better than OK. I wanted flan for desert, but they were out. I decided to have no desert but Michael insisted that I try the chocolate burritos. Why anybody would eat something like this is beyond me. It's just stupid and nasty.An hour after the meal I was in a Fry's grocery store. I barely made it to the restroom before a serious bout of projectile vomiting ensued. If you like food poisoning with your tired Sonoran dinner, this is the place for you.
4	We were pleasantly surprised by how good the food was!Every time we have tried to come here there is a serious wait to get in. I would suggest making reservations. We finally decided to stick it out and wait because Popo's is so close to our house and we needed a good Mexican restaurant!I'm so glad we did! My husband inhaled the chips and salsa; our poor waiter had to bring chip refills about 5 times. They were delicious! I ordered the combo plate with the Green Chicken Enchilada and Chicken Taco (with rice and beans). So much food for such a great price! And all so good! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I can't wait to go back and try something new... or I might have to order the same thing because it was amazing We left with happy bellies and a happy wallet!
5	This is my favorite restaurant. We don't eat out much because I am a very good cook and typically just cook at home because it tastes better and saves money... But Popos... I couldn't stop going here! Their chips and salsa is the best around (and I've been to all Mexican restaurants) plus it's free! I always get a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style, the portions are huge so I always have a nice lunch for the next day. I'm vegetarian except for their tacos LOL.. I don't eat any other meat, but when I tried to stop eating their tacos it made me sad. So I caved in. Their beef tacos are so delicious! The atmosphere isn't my favorite but it's not bad. They did just redo the front waiting area, but being in AZ most people don't sit outside in the heat so that was kind of silly.. I do and would highly recommend Popos!
2	Places needs more servers or a better way to take care of their busy times. I sat in the bar to avoid the 30 min wait for a table. Mistake! One server was handling the full bar and patio. We all suffered. When the manager was approached by another customer, she seemed unaware of what was going on. She did approach tables to ask about the wait and acted accordingly, so that was good.I think the food is decent. Be honest, after awhile all basic Mexican food pretty much tastes the same. Beans are beans. Rice is rice. Seriously? If someone took the pictures from various Mexican restaurants at this level (Gracias,Macayos etc) and asked you to match the dish to the restaurant, we'd all probably fail.
4	We are new customers here but think that the food is great and especially love the chips and salsa!! Their chicken enchiladas are amazing!! They seem a little over priced for what you get but it is good quality food. We will be back!
5	My husband and I love going here!  Great food and great service!  Our favorite place to take any of our friends who want some delicious food!
5	Awesome!!! The margarita's will kick your a** and the food is soooooo good. Not authentic Mex but the best American Mexican (even better if you ask me)  you will find in Phoenix!!!!  Huge portions and value priced.
2	The food is relatively good but it's hard to get past the ripped booths, sticky tables, marks on walls and just unclean conditions. This location could use a lot of updating and restoration before we come back.
2	The food is amazing. Me and my wife have been clients since we where children. Recently the service has been unbelievably horrible. Last night we visited the restaurant and there was no one at the front door to sit us down. We waited with another 3 parties for like 8 minutes. After going into the back of the restaurant all the employees where sitting behind the bar counting their tips. It only went down hill from there. I had to get up several times for drink and salsa refills. On top of that they start cleaning next to us stirring up dust into our plates.  If the owner is reading this my advise is hire new staff. The Asian girl who claims to be a manager is horrible. All she says is I'm sorry sir.
4	My dad an I love this place! Friendly waiters and waitresses. Very helpful. I asked if they have smoothies and my waiter said no but he could give me a virgin strawberry daiquiri. I appreciated it a lot. Salsa is great. I recommend the fried ice cream. Delicious! Staff is very attentive.
5	Popo's is my favorite restaurant!  We've been coming here for years.  I especially love getting a chimichanga with guacamole and jalepeno cream cheese.  It's the best Mexican food in Arizona!
3	Not a place to eat if you are gluten intolerant. There is only one thing on the menu you can have if you are gluten intolerant. I had told them i was and they told me no sauces but they never bothered to tell me that the chips and the enchilidas are made from a corn and flour mix. It wasn't till i got sick from the food and asked specifically that i was told. It does not make me very happy when i think i am eating gluten free and i'm not. The food is good if you are not gluten intolerant. I think they think it is a joke or something.
3	Friendly staff. Food is pretty good. Servers do great until it's time for the check. Seems like they disappear and you are left waiting to pay. Been there a handful of times and it is always the same. I like the chicken tacos and the cheese crisps with green chile. Not a huge fan of the beans, which is the most frustrating part of goin here as I love tostadas and bean/cheese burros. Oh well, just don't get that anymore there.
2	We've been coming here for years.  Management and the team used to be SO much better.  Over the past few years it's gone to crap.  The hostesses act like they are too good to seat you.  The servers act careless and hate their job.  Sometimes we get a great server. I wish they'd pick up their act.  Something always goes wrong when we come here. Great memories from here. Pick up your act guys!
5	This place is awesome! Good atmosphere, fair prices, and great, fresh food. Definitely worth a visit
5	I have been going to the other location on Indian School for years as my sister used to work there. I was driving home one day from the Arrowhead Mall and noticed the same name and got super excited. I took my fiancee and two kids here and they loved it as much as I did and the food taste the same as the other location and the restaurant is so beautiful. My favorite part was when your waiting they have a fire going outside to keep you warm in the cold months! The staff is super awesome and very friendly.
