4	This has a similar concept to Massage Envy but it's not a chain (yet).  It does have an attractive locker room & showers.  In addition, there are spa services that I didn't try since the facialist had already left for the nite.  I went for the initial trial $49 1 hour massage which was excellent.  The staff was attentive, too.  Even the decor looks fresh & modern.  However, I don't want to be tied to a membership right now in this recessional economy even though I frequently have massages.
4	So...I was trying to find a spa to go to during our Bachelorette Weekend that would fit the bride's 2 main requirements:1)  The spa must have a private lounge2)  The spa must have a hot rock treatment (her favorite)I also wanted to make sure that we had a large variety of services to choose from at reasonable, non-on-the-strip prices at a place with a nice ambiance (not anything clinical-feeling). Massage Nirvana fit all those requirements AND they were very accommodating to our needs.  "Why is that," you say?  Let me clarify that Massage Nirvana does NOT have a private lounge.  However, they were willing to work with me to create a private lounge out of the empty, unused cafe that was attached to the business.  So when we arrived on Sunday, 1/18, I brought chocolates and champagne, but sadly I was not able to find disposable champagne glasses.  And guess what?!  The guy on staff (Gosh, I'm hoping I get this right...Juan, I think?) went out of his way to attain some for us!  When we were done with our services, the chocolates & strawberries were ready to be enjoyed.  And champagne was nicely presented in ice.  Oh my gosh...I'm wondering if they had to go get ice?  Hmmm.I have to be honest and say that I wish the lights in the cafe were a little dimmer, or that there was candlelight or something to make the atmosphere more relaxing.  And I wish there was a way for us to put our feet up while we were sitting in the sofa and armchairs.  It just didn't feel like a loungey experience...but I certainly more than appreciate everything that they WERE able to do for us, especially since they made the effort to work with the ideas I had.  Of all the girls, I had the longest service:  1 hour Swedish massage and 1 hour European facial.  What a great deal for a first time visitor at $99.00!!!  When I came out to the lounge, I asked the other girls about their hot rock treatment and massages.  They had nothing bad to say at all.  As for my massage and facial experience...here goes...The massage was perfect!  Ambiance was great.  I like my massages done with firm hands, and I got exactly what I wanted!!!  Yaaaaaay!  My masseuse was also "symmetrical"!!!    "What the heck does that mean," you say?  Well, don't you just hate it when your right leg gets more attention then your left leg, or when you get your one hand massaged and then the other hand was just about ignored?  I know I DO!  I sure wish I could remember her name, 'cause she was awesome!  The facial was good.  The electric shock part was interesting, and somewhat curious.  The esthetician put this gel on my face then she had me hold this wire, then she turned up the electricity and I felt this current run through my arm and up into my face.  Tingly & prickly.  Wheeeeeew!  Crazyyyy!  But I didn't die and hopefully none of my brain cells were fried.  Also my esthetician reminded me of my aunt...probably because we're both Filipino and she had a lot of advice for me in her native accent.  And, maybe I'm a cave person or something, because once AGAIN, the light that was on in the room felt so bright and just not relaxing.  I know that it's needed to do the extractions and such, but when I'm just lying there with the stuff on my face...well, it would be nice to dim the lights or just lie by candlelight...no?  Overall, I loved Massage Nirvana!  95% of the ambiance was relaxing and soothing (the lost 5% belongs to the bright lights), the variety of services & the prices are awesome and the staff was absolutely friendly and sooooo accommodating!
4	I went there last night and got a one hour European facial and a one hour Swedish massage for $109. That's a total of 2 hours! So if you ladies want to get pampered AND disappear for a little from your significant others, this is probably the best thing that can happen. Though that special is for first timers only, it was still worth it. I was extremely satisfied with my facial, but the Swedish massage could have been a tad bit better. Realize, it was my first time ever getting a massage so she decided to go medium on me. Nonetheless, it was a phenomenal experience and I will definitely go back there.
5	My boyfriend & I lived around the area and saw Massage Nirvana when they opened. There was a sign saying the first massage is $44, so why not?! We also go to LVAC where they also advertise Massage Nirvana & give discounts to LVAC members. The place is great! They have a cafe attached but its been closed for quite some time, last time I was there I just saw some of the employees taking their break in there :P They have a dry sauna room, two showers, & locker room for the ladies & gents. The bathrooms provide towels, razors, shaving cream, shower caps, shampoo, conditioner, & body wash. The women's locker room has a hair dryer, sterilized combs, cotton swabs, spray deodorant, hair spray, mouse, lotion. They have a nice "reflection room" where they serve lemon with water &/or strawberry water, mmm. After my first massage, my boyfriend & I ended up getting the membership. Since they were brand new, we received Massage Nirvana gym/spa bags. I have been paying for the membership for almost two years now, & I believe it's worth every dollar! It's similar to gym membership, paying monthly, but if you don't have time one month, you can definitely use the credits like roll over minutes :)The staff is awesome & very, very accommodating! They are always friendly & clean the lockers/showers within a matter of minutes leaving the rooms. And I almost never see them when I pass by the hallway, they're like ninjas!*If you forget your robe &/or slippers, they will charge you a small fee for them. They also give you a key for the locker room after you check in for your appointment.
4	As a wonderful surprise, my guy and I came here for a nice massage on my birthday.  They were very accomodating and sweet upon receiption.  Its a "no-frills" day spa, but it had all the creature comfort basics.  They even had a sauna to relax in.  I had a 50 minute massage and it was great.  I knew it was a good massage, when i realized i feel asleep 3/4ths into the session.  I would totally go here again.  It was relaxing and the people are really sweet...
5	I've been a member at Massage Nirvana for 2 years. I get monthly massages and facials here and can't recommend a better place for the price. The ambience is very clean and quiet. I have the membership with the robe and slipper service and the front desk always has all my items stored in a locker even before I get in. The whole process is so smooth and stress free (the point of the spa day). The relaxation room has fruit infused waters and is dark and just makes you want to lie down and take a nap. There is a sauna too that you can use before your treatments. I've been getting a facial from Maria for 2 years (once every month). I usually get the European Facial and add on a collagen mask once in a while. My skin has been very healthy (few breakouts, no harsh effects of the Las Vegas summers). She's so gentle with me (I have such a low tolerance for pain) but still gets all my blackheads out. I've been getting a massage from Julie for the last few months. She's extremely strong and is able to adjust her pressure whenever needed and she can remove all my kinks.The staff here is capable and friendly, the facility is very clean and pleasant and the prices reasonable. Definitely love the fact that they are here in Vegas and I found them.
4	I love this spa!  I visited during my recent trip to Vegas and decided to head off the strip for some much-needed pampering.  Well, pampering I did.  I was a first time customer there so I took advantage of the 1 hour massage/1 hour Europe facial for an amazing $109.  I decided to go for a swedish massage because I'm a big wimp when it comes to intense pressure during a massage.  It was really relaxing and I felt relaxed and great afterwards.  My next treatment was the European facial, which was heavenly.  I used to get myself a facial twice a month religiously but lately I haven't kept up with that schedule.  So this was a first facial in a very long time.  The ambience was nice, music was soothing, the lighting was dimmed, and my entire experience was great.  There is also two shower rooms stocked with everything you need including towels, shower caps, shaving cream, and razors, shampoo/conditioner/shower gel.  There is also a dry sauna room which I did not try out due to time.  I really liked the reflection room, which is a small rest area with small refreshments served.  I will definitely return on my next trip.
4	I'm a fan, I'm a fan! We came back from Laughlin from a weekend of jet skiing and we were in dire need of a massage so we decided to go to the closest location to us and we had no idea what was in store. What they have: -Locker Room -Sauna -Showers -Great Customer Service -Great Massaginists (If you watch GLEE, this makes sense lol) Introductory rate for my massage, Therapeutic, was $49 for first time customers. It was great. As a first time customer they allow you to use the Sauna, showers robes, slippers and locker room at no additional charge. Once you're a member, there's is a charge to utilize these amenities, of course. They're fairly small, don't expect the sauna and locker rooms that you see at the gym but they get the job done, all I care about is my massage or facial ;) Customer service is great! We'll be back.
5	A great off the strip spa. Worth the drive. They have a locker room, a robe and slippers for the day ,a relaxation room, sauna, and showers. I got the deep tissue massage 90min!! Bliss-full!! A must must visit while yr in Vegas
5	I'm afraid my love affair with Massage Nirvana fizzled out the last couple of months. Their front desk staff is still top notch, the facility is still clean and super comfy and the ease of making an appointment is still intact. My disappointment stems from their high massage therapist turnover. Since I've joined, every time I've loved a therapist, they've left after about 3-5 months. It's disconcerting to keep on finding the next "right" therapist and after a few less than stellar massages I decided to cool things off with Massage Nirvana and ended my membership. Also, my wonderful aesthetician Maria has also left and that was a large reason why I kept up the membership. I will still recommend Massage Nirvana to one-timers (visitors, family) who are looking to get some treatments outside the strip at a nice facility. If they are able to retain their good masseuses/aestheticians this place would be a diamond in Las Vegas. Pity.Update: they are back to being awesome!!!
4	Just had a great massage here.  Place is very nice, very profession and clean.  Ill be back for sure and BTW they offer Yelpers a discount!
3	You know when you drop a Slinky and it gets all tangled and you can't get it untwisted? Well that it what my back muscles felt like. I called a few days in advance to setup an appoint. This was my first time so I received an introductory price. I think all spas should do this since it is always a risk going for the first time. The facilities are great here. The have robes, slippers, a sauna, showers and a cozy waiting room. I'll be honest that I am like tender veal and can't take the deep tissue massage pressure so I opted for a Swedish massage.My masseuse was nice and asked me what areas I wanted to focus on. I am deducting a star as the pressure was still a little too much for me. I like to think that a good masseuse can tell if the pressure is too much without you saying anything. I understand this is mind reading, but I have experienced it before.As much as I don't like visiting The Strip, I think I will give one of their spas a visit before coming back.
5	Massage Therapists is Great, Place is great, Front Desk is Warm & Friendly.I often get Deep Tissue Massage & sometime will forget to request for my favorite Therapist. Than I realize ALL the Massage Therapists are GREAT! I have purchased memberships at other massage places & swear I would not buy another Massage Membership. BUT.....This place is so great I GOT a Membership.LOVE this PLACE!!!
4	Good price. Good massage. Small but clean & professional
4	I have enjoyed my services at this spa. The place is small, but cozy and welcoming. The staff seems knowledgable. I have had a couple massages here, a body scrub and a couple facials done as well and I have felt very happy with all of them. My facials were especially good. The girls are really sweet and helpful and adress any skin concerns you have. They are also reasonably priced, even if you are a "non member" which I am not. They have a small rest area where you are picked up before your treatment. They serve snacks and beverages and you can read magazines while waiting and in between treatments. They have a sauna also which I don't use (not my thing). Showers, lockers, slippers and all that. Cute little spa and I would recommend.
4	I haven't had many massages, so I don't have much to compare it to.  I did go for the $49 introductory Swedish massage and truly enjoyed it.  The atmosphere was very tranquil, the staff was friendly and I now feel very pampered and relaxed.  I could definitely get hooked on this kind of treatment.
5	First time of getting a massage, and I am hooked! I got the intro Swedish, my friend got the deep tissue, and both of us were very pleased with our experience. We didn't get there early, as planned, but they were very kind and warm, showed us around to make sure we knew where everything was and that we were comfortable. The deep tissue is truly a DEEP tissue, and the Swedish massage was relaxing and energizing. I like that they have a locker room with robes and slippers, and if you get there early you can hangout in the quiet room sipping on water/ice tea while getting into the quiet zone before your treatment. Also, afterward we used the sauna to unwind and chat about our massages and what we talked about (we like to talk with our masseuse). I am defiantly hooked and can not wait to pay a visit- we plan on making a day of it next time- HIGHLY recommended.
4	Today was my 3rd massage here.  I've had wonderful experiences each time.  They have a meditation room for pre-massage relaxation, locker rooms & complimentary lockers, shower rooms if you choose, and dry sauna for post massage detox.  My only complaint would be the price.  1 hr massage was $80, not as expensive as the strip but I think other places average $70/hr.  I'd still go back though.
5	OMG.  Really.  I just spent an AMAZING hour getting a swedish massage.  Chul was the therapist's name.  He was absolutely incredible.  I've had a few massages in town, from a couple different places.  This place was the best.I also had my first ever European facial.  The woman was very nice, and explained everything she was doing.  She also was very helpful with suggestions, and even though she had a line of product, she wasn't pushy with it.  I'm not completely sold on the whole idea of facials - I have to wait a few days to see how my skin reacts, but so far? VERY POSITIVE.  :)There is also a relaxation room where you wait to be taken to your room.  The chairs are comfy and there is water and trail mix to munch on.  The spa comes complete with locker rooms, showers and a dry sauna.  They have monthly memberships, which don't seem to be too badly priced (but I've only done minimal research).If you want to try this place, I say do it.  They have really good "new customer" specials.  Check it out!
5	This was my first time at massage nirvana. I got the intro price of $49 for a 50min massage. I brought my friend for her birthday and this was her first massage experience. We were both completely satisfied. I loved that the massage included a scalp massage. A lot of other places charge extra for that. I originally thought that I would only come here once for the cheap intro price and not come back to pay full price, but After enjoying my services I will definetely be going back!
4	Purchased a new client package for massage and facial for $109 for my girlfriend.  Very friendly and quick service when I called to inquire and then purchase. Telephoned  us before the appointment to confirm, nice little touch. My girlfriend said the experience was great, service very good and wants to use again
5	I booked a last minute massage here a couple of days ago, and I was extremely impressed by this professionalism and atmosphere. They have a running introductory special, so it only costed $49 for a first timers Swedish/therapeutic massage. Amy was my massage therapist and she did an amazing job. We was able to pin point my knots and work them out nicely. I may have to consider becoming a member to get my routine massages here. Fantastic experience! Thank you!
5	I'm 2 months over due for this review. Thank you Zora... I think that's her name. She gave me a wonderful service including facial and shoulder massage.(Good job!) The girls at the front were friendly. I feel this place is priced pretty affordable. I would recommend this place over any high priced strip hotel spa.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed my massage by Elizabeth. I'm a bit of a weenie, and she was great at tempering pressure and pulling back when I asked. The decor was relaxing and front desk was friendly and professional. I will be coming back for more massages.
5	The staff is friendly and professional. The facility is beautiful and clean. It's also very quiet so you get a truly relaxing experience. My therapist was Krystal and she did an amazing job with the therapeutic massage. I have low back problems and she spent a lot of time giving that area a lot of attention. She also applied the right amount of pressure. Truly a great massage- one of the best I've had in a while. Will definitely come back.
5	Had a Swedish massage and a facial. All services were fantastic. The staff and facility were also great. Both my husband and I agree to return to this facility. Loved everything!
5	They were accommodating and friendly. All four of us girls were thoroughly relaxed! My masseuse used the right amount of pressure and was very professional.
5	Seriously great deal and great service!!! The actual massage was awesome. Amy got all the knots and painful spots and really focused on the areas I needed extra TLC on. The front staff is so friendly and professional, I loved them immediately. Facility is super clean, amenities are provided. There are restrooms, shower rooms, a small relaxation room and a dry sauna. Definitely indulge in the introductory value facial plus massage. They don't skimp on the service! Highly recommend and will visit again.
4	My two girlfriends and I got a massage here and our overall experience was pretty good. The place is clean and very nice. My massage was great as well and my therapist made me feel very relaxed. The blonde lady at the counter was rude but the rest of the service made up for it. They had locker rooms, robes, sandals and water for us. I really enjoyed this place and it was priced great for our budget.
4	Great place to get a massage! The place is pretty clean and always has a nice relaxing vibe. The prices and monthly plans are pretty reasonable. I always call last minute and they always accommodate.
5	I have had many massages at most of the hotels here in Vegas and this is just as good.  Krystal is the best massage therapist  I've had in a long time!  I signed up for the monthly membership.  Great!
5	This place is so serene. Receptionist was friendly and so was the masseuse. First time there and really enjoyed it. They also offer a dry sauna for before or after the massage.
1	Yes it's a legit place, but facial was horrible! Limp hands and after several request for a normal touch, Zora did not oblige. No clue how to make client at ease! Will never visit this place again!
5	Such a tranquil and relaxing visit with my best girls.  Massages.  Foot scrubs.  Facials.  And a dry sauna.  Great customer service.  Will be coming back on next vegas trip.
5	Went with a group of girlfriends over the weekend and it was so nice. Loved the staff & facility will be coming back for sure and will recommend to friends and family.
5	This place is amazing I was stiff and sore for weeks due to the weather and my recent move. I'm glad I went to this place. They are very through and genuinely want to give you good service. I highly recommend... and Vanessa was the best she was able to work out all of my kinks
