4	I've spent so many of my formative years in George Street's establishments, that it's only right I pay tribute to them in a highly starred review. George Street is unarguably classy, elegant, grand, and polished, with beautiful buildings like the Assembly Rooms, and the absolutely stunning former bank premises, which The Dome bar and restaurant now inhabits. It is probably one of the most expensive streets in Edinburgh, but there's always one street in a city that has to be, and George Street has done a lot to deserve its title, mixing designer, upmarket shops with snazzy bars, restaurants and office space. Always pleasant to stroll down, plus there are always some good-looking people to stare at.The bars and clubs at the west end of George Street, namely The Candy Bar, Tigerlily, Lulu and The Living Room, are always rammed at the weekend, as high fashion girls and guys pick a spot to pose and peruse for the evening. Further along George Street, and firmly fixed on the night time scene, is Opal Lounge, an opulent basement bar and nightclub. Restaurant wise, you can't beat a bit of Hard Rock Cafe for a large helping of anything, plus Gusto, and the Italian Centotre are always winners for a good meal.
3	I've always though the greatest charm about Edinburgh and it's people is the general air of stuffy reservedness. It's always been a stereotype that people here are neither impressed by flashy displays of wealth, nor do they feel the need to conspicuously flaunt it themselves. It's an admirable trait, and one I fear is diminishing when I look down George Street at night.Filled with bars and clubs that ram their "exclusivitey" and "class" down your throat, yet ironically banging out dated funky house music and serving naff pink champagne, it's nightlife is as shallow and vapid as a slumber party with Paris Hilton. In gearing itself towards the beautiful people, it attracts only those who confuse culture and style with expense. If you're actually from Edinburgh itself, don't expect to get in anywhere here, though from what I've seen, locals tend not to bother with this street anyway.
4	I love George Street. It's such a classy, trendy area in the city - it's where all the nightlife is and where all the excitement is. My mum and I always start at one end of George Street (in Le Monde) and finish at the other (Tigerlilly) and do whatever we want in between. All the bars are high-end and so are always busy, not so much with students, more young professionals. At 5-7pm the entire street is jammed with suits (usually on the prowl) and at the weekends it's full of trendy women and suave gentlemen. My mum often gets approached on George Street - it's where she met her current boyfriend!It is really quite expensive, which is why I only go now and again, but it's great fun and everyone is sociable!
3	I have a carefully chosen group of friends who I can rely on to take me for a good night out to some of the better places on offer in Edinburgh. Every so often an impostor will come along and suggest a night out in George Street. More often than not that suggestion is met with great disdain and I will more than likely ditch you than spend my cash on the overpriced, souless bars which frequent this street. There are some great places on George Street. The Dome, Hard Rock Cafe, Slaters Tailors, Paperchase and Cath Kidston. But places like Tigerlily, Candy Bar and Why Not ruin it. George Street is all about attracting those who give two hoots about what shop your dress came from and what car you drive. It's all about flashing some wealth in order to prove your worth, which is a little sad. Every city has an upmarket area, and rightly so. I just feel George Street establishments try so hard to be upmarket but they just don't make it. There are some fantastic buildings to look at and its quieter than Princes Street so I walk up George Street if I am in a hurry.
3	I quite like George Street - its kind of like the classy version of Princes Street. There are some pretty amazing shops - from tiny little fashion boutiques to big name designer outlets. Its worth a look along, even just for some window shopping - and at the end of it all you can grab a bite on one of the many restaurant/cafe places that have seats in the sun.However, the night life on George Street is terrifying. Its full of pretensious, posh and drunk first year students trying to get into clubs that are over priced and so full you will spend your nights queueing far too long. I really try to avoid George Street at night, not my scene at all.
4	I really like George Street, it hosts some of my favourite shops; Cath Kidston, Penhaligons, Coast and Karen Millen and a massive Paperchase to name a few. Even if some of those shops are more for window shopping than a usual shopping spree. In addition all the swish shops there are also a lot of great bars and restaurants too.On a summers day it's great to walk along George Street, most of the shops are housed in gorgeous buildings and it isn't as hectic as the likes of Princes Street where crossing the road is like having a near death experience.
4	During the day George Street provides a whole range of classy shops and restaurants.  There is a Harvey Nichols in St Andrews square, a high end jewellers and a wide selection of health and beauty salons.  In the evening there a plenty of excellent restaurants to visit, my personal favourite being Henderson's Bistro which serves great food at prices which are suprisingly low for the area.By night George Street also has plenty to offer.  None of the bars or clubs are cheap and a lot of them market themselves to the University's richer students.  Tigerlily, for example, is amazing inside with loads of comfortable seating and a great atmosphere, but it's seriously expensive.  The four main clubs in the area are Why Not?, Opal, Lulu and Shanghai.  All of which offer a great night and are popular with virtually all students as a result.  In terms of prices they actually aren't too bad all of them have plenty of drinks deals going on inside.  George Street has a reputation for being the expensive, posh place to go, but if you compare your wallet in the morning to a night after Cabaret Voltaire, for instance, it wins hands down.A night on George Street just isn't some people's thing, but most will find it a great fun night with plenty to see and do.
3	George Street is the upmarket street in Edinburgh, Princes Street is where you will get the standard high street shops- BHS, M&S, H&M and Topshop etc. But George Street is where you will find snazzy cafes, restaurants, hairdressers and nightclubs.  Every city has an affluent area and this just happens to be Edinburgh's, however I don't have the money to make use of many of the services on the street, so don't actually come to the area all that often.The whole area was designed in the 18th century for a new area of the city for the rich and wealthy away from the squalor of Edinburgh's Old Town, and this is pretty much the same case today. It is interesting to look at all the names of the streets, they all have reference to the monarch- George Street coming from the reigning King of the time- King George III. Other streets in the area such as Princes, Hanover and Frederick Street were all named to gain favour of the monarch and the architecture was suitably lavish to help attain this idea.
2	I love drinking in Edinburgh, the small bars, the unusual bars, the basement bars and lets not forget the great selection of real pubs. Sadly there isn't a real pub to be found on this street (no The Standing Order doesn't count, I want to avoid the social element here as well, bar fights and broken glasses are not my thing) and as for the bars, well where shall I begin...I am a guy, I wear jeans and have a beard so instantly the bouncers eye me with suspicion, or perhaps it's pity, they know what I am letting myself in for. If I get into somewhere here well, the music is too loud and repetitive, the drinks are overpriced and the bar staff are mostly students who certainly aren't interested in pouring me a pint (properly!) when they could be chatting.I have twice been dragged to places here (no I don't remember where and I don't care to find out), never again unless something drastically changes... The entire setup is just too fake for me, filled with pretentious vapid posers, who live in a dream world and whose idea of class is fake tan and hair gel coupled with some outfit they saw in a glamour magazine.Just off George Street there are plenty of good bars and pubs on the many side streets and lanes, these places deserve your business, the fake class (note, being expensive is not the same thing) of George Street itself, not so much.In honesty I prefer real people, perhaps that is why when in the mood for late night drinking I more often gravitate towards the Cowgate; Bannermans, BrewDog and even Opium are far more appealing.
4	This must be one of the nicest, widest streets in Edinburgh. It is here where you'll find the flagships of these well known high street and not so high street shops and restaurants. It is a large selection of exclusiveness and even the tackiest, cheapest drinking hole of them all (yes, Standing Order - that is you!) has a classy building to reside in. The golden oldies of this area are Hard Rock Cafe, The Dome, Tigerlily, Le Monde, Jack Wills, Crombies, The White Company, Candy, Laura Ashley, several banks, travel centres, perfume shops and CentOtreThe most notable recent additions are Jamie's Italian, Hollister (A&F), "What's Up?" (nightclub) and Gourmet Burger Kitchen.George Street is well worth a visit when going to Edinburgh - it runs Parallel with Princess Street and somehow overlooked by many tourists who tend to venture to Old Town and Princes Street is as far they go (not that I mind though) Any season has its own special theme on this street and regarding the decorations my favourite is Winter/Christmas time. The summer sees the pavement filled with chairs and tables. The street, with all its roundabouts, has access to normal traffic and parking in the middle - which on both parts I find objectionable.I hope that proposed plans to make it traffic free are seriously considered. (that would give it that extra star!)There are some bus services that frequent the street Lothian 36, 27 & 42 are the main ones. There are plenty of Taxi ranks to whisk you of to other places or back home.I recommend this area a lot!
4	Update. As of recent the George Street Area is now single lane. They have expanded the outside space for catering and introduced bike only lanes. Finally. You'll now find many restaurants and bars have erected catering tents to dine/drink in the outside spaces. Parking has been restricted and in all it has become a after more pleasant area for pedestrians and bikers. Big improvement!
