5	Greeted by Sean courteous & professional. This was my 4th attempt to get my hair shaped after a hairstylist with 16 yrs exp literally chopped it all off after I had been letting it grow out. That was in Nov 12', another stylist in Dec 12', another in April 13',  After 7 months, 3 so called experienced  stylists and $160 I took yet another chance.  I sat in the waiting area looked at style books, watched people coming & going and listened, I wasn't in any hurry. This young man Sean was the one stylist who totally impressed me. That was 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with my hair and very pleased with my new stylist "Sean".  Sean listens and asks questions.  Sean, thank you.  I will be back.
4	I used to take my son to Cool Cuts for Kids for his haircuts but at $21+ a pop, it was getting a bit pricey...especially for a quick cut on a male toddler who already had short hair.  When he was younger and more fidgety, it was perfect because he could watch cartoons and sit in a cool car or airplane while he got his haircut, but at the age he is now, it's time to go somewhere else.  So we've come here for the last 4 haircuts and it's been great so far.  They also have a frequent customer card where discounts are applied, and on foursquare, if you check in 3 times, you get $2 off.  This location is fairly new so it's very clean and fresh feeling.  The service is decent.  They are pretty nice to my son.  Since he has super thick hair and grows quickly, he's been getting haircuts since he was 6 months old, so thankfully he's used to sitting still for them.They are pretty detailed with his haircuts and take their time and the last 2 stylists have kids his age so they were able to relate to cartoons and superheros and they just jabbered away.
1	They need to fire that bitch Ashleigh. ...I did not tip you today because of the stuck up bitch attitude you had with me & with the mother and her sons before me.
5	Tyler is amazing!   I've been going to Supercuts for the past couple of years to save costs on highlights and haircuts from high profile salons. Recently, I visited this particular salon which is under new management.  This is one of the nicer Supercuts salons.  Tyler is a real gem and does an amazing job of listening to exactly what I want and making it happen. Everyone is very friendly and genuine about welcoming clients. I knew all the stylist names before I left.   This is my new salon!
