3	I've enjoyed it before. Well reviewed too. Back again.
5	Fantastic neighborhood Indian joint. Food is good, service is exceptional. I'm not a drinker but I like my non alcoholic beer. First time I went I asked if they had any - they didn't. 15 min later there was one at my table - the owner sent someone out to score some. This place rocks.
1	I wouldn't eat anything from here againFor food that tasted like it was heated up in a microwave, I don't know why it took an hour to reach my place within a 2 km radius. On arrival, my 2 naans were completely crumbly like papadums; the beef ragun was drowned in a portion of sauce to go with the grease, the meat was overcooked (dry & chewy); sag paneer was bland & too watery, the cheese was not quality (prob ruined by microwaving); the tarka dal was delicious, but way too runny. Better Indian joints exist in the hood.
4	I was looking fr a good Indian in Montreal; after living in the UK for 6 years I was looking for something authentic, familiar dishes well executed; and the good service you can find in your local Indian restaurant back in London. I think I found it - the lamb saag was great (and had the consistency I was expecting as opposed to some other Indians restaurants I've tried in Montreal) , the rice was perfect, the veggie curry was also delicious. Our only complaint was that the meat could have stewed a bit longer in the curries, but really it was still delicious. I ordered over the phone and 10 minutes later it was ready. Will definitely go back and eat in. Can't wait to try more foods!
2	I really really hate to accuse a restaurant of serving microwaved food, but that was what I was thinking all the time while eating my three course combo there. The kababs and samosas that were the entrees tasted decent, but the samosa skin was too thick  and had absolutely no crunch to it. It reminded me of those poorly made General Tao chicken that had too much dough and hardly no chicken meat inside. However, my easy-to-please dining companion gushed after the last bite of his kabab, "Satisfied." I thought to myself, okay maybe this wouldn't be so bad.Then came the main courses: butter chicken, lamb curry and spinach curry. One quick look at the butter chicken and I knew I wouldn't be coming back here too soon. Too orange. But for something with such a strong colour, the taste was so weak. It was very faintly the taste of butter chicken that I have come to know and love. I was more sad than disappointed. The other curries were also passable.  We asked the lamb curry to be made extra spicy, but we got nothing of the sort. The palao rice was also bland, again to my dismay, as I adore palao rice. The only credit is that they didn't overcook or undercook the rice, so at least the texture was very nice. The naans weren't that great either, and I felt that they had been out of a frozen packet.The dessert, which was a little donut like ball with sweet syrup, was very nice. It was probably the most flavourful out of everything I ate there.Service was very attentive and warm, so they got all high points there, but given so many good Indian restaurants in town, I would not be going back.
4	I'm not sure of the state of Indian restaurants in Montreal, but I hope Jaipur Tandoori is not representative.The food was mediocre. Good Indian food, but not great by any means. And for the serving size and price? It was a horrible deal.
2	I had quite an unpleasant experience here. The food was not good.Standing outside reading the menu, one of the staff quickly rushed out, talked a mile a minute, and ushered us inside before we really had the opportunity to decide if we wanted to go here or not. Immediately after he got us inside, he stopped paying much attention to us.The portions were small and stingy- rice didn't come with anything, he brought us the cracker like flat-bread, but without the usual assortment of sauces (since those truly are just a vehicle for delicious sauces). It was over priced. i asked for my food spicy and they may as well have just covered my chana masala in ketchup it was so mild and bland. The rice was dry as if, like the other reviews have said, it was heated up in the microwave. I do not recommend this place.
2	Went there for my friend's bday, saw it was rated 3/5 but since it wasn't my bday...So service was great . Food overpriced. Good point is BYOW.Food was tasteless.  Maybe OK for first time tasting caucasians...... My garlic nan was almost burned.I will not return nor recommand it.
