5	Let me be the first to get the word out on Yelp! about this great bar attached to Lon's at the Hermosa. It's just undergone a renovation that freshened up the area behind the bar (and added taps so now there's draft beer), but kept the spirit of the customer area. It's located in what used to be the living room of artist Lon Megargee who lived on this spot. There's a lounge area with a few tables, then further back a bar with six or eight stools. It definitely has a unique vibe; it's like an old-Arizona hidey-hole. I was there for happy hour on a Wednesday night and it was dead at opening but packed by 6pm or so. Happy hour means reduced-price cocktails, $3 beers and several $5 glasses of wine. They have a small wine selection, but plenty of varietals and some really interesting makers. For happy hour, they provided a complimentary cheese selection with a variety of crackers. (I think this is only a weekly event, but I'm not sure.) Hotel guests and people who live in the local residential neighborhood mix easily here, and I met several great people who live nearby. Special note has to go to the servers, who were just incredible. The night I was here, we were helped by two sisters who can serve drinks, carry on multiple conversations, take orders, and talk intelligently about basically anything--all at the same time. They were some of the best bar waitresses I've ever met and--I'm not ashamed to say it--I've been to a LOT of bars. If you're a tourist, it's certainly worth a trip. If you're a local, it's worth frequenting (I would).
4	Food is terrific and atmosphere is nice. Kinda pricey though. 4 glasses of wine and 3 small appetizers plus tip... close to $100.00. When it gets warmer the outside section will be wonderful,,,
5	We did the gin mixology class and I have to say that Travis (our bartender/cocktail historian/overall creator of awesomeness in a glass) is a rock star.  The handouts were great.  They provided a great history of gin along with information about a number of the shots we tasted.  They were also chock full of recipes.  The drinks he made for the class were fabulous.  We lingered a bit post-class for munchies and more cocktails.  He makes a very mean lemon drop.  He is extremely knowledgeable and obviously has a love of his craft.  It was a wonderful Sunday afternoon and we look forward to returning.
4	Would have given this place 5 stars (since I adore the Hermosa Inn), but the bartender was not the most welcoming.  I guess they were trying to keep the bar open at the same time as offering a class...probably not a good idea.We ended up taking our wine and sitting in the cool lobby and enjoyed the scenery...I just love this place!
1	Better think twice or three times about spending you money in this Bar not friendly or nice I guess your making them do their job and they sure make u feel that way.
5	I'm not a big drinker.  When I go to a bar it's usually to unwind at the end of the day and sit with some friends.  A lot of bars (you know who you are) just aren't meant for either unwinding or talking; they're too noisy and uncomfortable. Last Drop fits the bill for me perfectly.Like everything at Hermosa Inn, it's well appointed and the service is spot-on. I should warn you that it's also a bit pricey but it's one of those "you get what you pay for" sort of things.  If you're hungry they offer food with a special each evening. They also have a selection of what I call "fancy drinks", wine, beer, etc.  And, of course, the bartenders will make whatever you ask them to mix up for you.Seating is plentiful and, if the weather is nice, you can take your drink out to the patio and relax with your friends.
5	Wonderful ambience and a relaxing environment on the patio under little strung lights by a bubbling fountain   Our server, Apri, was engaging, professional, and proactive. Her personality made us feel welcome and her demeanor demonstrates a great deal of pride in her work.  My date commented several times on the quality service. Ivan, the cocktailer was extremely helpful and accommodating. Rachel the mixologist made my date's shaken vodka lemon as well as she has had it done.  Many reasons to keep returning as live music on the patio begins this week, we'll be back soon.Oh...the food was great too!
5	I don't typically give 5 stars on a first visit, but this place was very impressive (and I've had their food at many a food event, so fairly sure it is legit delish). The husband and I went here before getting dinner on our one year anniversary (we were in the area early and decided to drop by). We only had drinks, but the food specials looked great... burgers on special on Fridays, tacos on Thurs... lots of good sounding specials. Anyway, The bartender was nice and helpful. I ended up getting the peach smash, which had bourbon, peach, house made blackberry syrup (made fresh daily), and ginger... this drink was legit... one of the tastiest drinks I've had in awhile. The husband tried a new local beer he hadn't had before, and it was quite good as well. I will definitely be back.
