5	Was at an event at Brix Wine in Carefree last night and they had the Grilled Addiction food truck set up in their parking lot.  Everyone was amazed at the great food that came out of that truck!  The fav was the lollipop lamb chops and risotto.  Great risotto out of a food truck!!  Really nice folks own and run the truck and are sending some great food out the doors.  After the event was over, I asked if I could see the inside of their truck and they were happy to show this beautiful truck off.  It is wall to wall stainless steel and beyond clean.  The cab of the truck is way cool, like riding in a big rig.  Can't wait to find them at the next event.  Would be a great way to cater a party at your house.Thanks guys and gal,Patty and Bubba
1	My son and I had lunch at the Cubs game and was sadly disappointed. We both had the Pita Tri Tip and waited 26 minutes after we ordered for some stale bread and three small shavings of meat. When done eating, my son asked if I enjoyed my bread and onion sandwich.
1	This food truck came to my office today for lunch. I got the tri-tip sandwich - it was okay, the meat was a little rare for my liking, I wish I would have known just how pink it was before I ordered, as I would have make a different selection. Also, we waited 50 MINUTES FOR EVERYONE IN OUR GROUP TO GET OUR FOOD! That is just absolutely ABSURD for a food truck! Plus, my sandwich was $11 no side or drink. While the sandwich, was decent..it was not worth a minute 50 min wait or $11.
1	I'd like to review Grilled Addiction's food, but the wait was so long that I never got to eat it. Food trucks are supposed to be fast. Limit the menu, speed up the service. Also, the truck ran out of ice in its first hour of operation. Fail.
5	Their food is delicious!!! My girlfriend had the lamb-chops and I had their burger. Both were seasoned and cooked perfectly! They are a prime example of those hidden gem food trucks you hear about. Do yourself a favor and give it a shot.
1	A grouping of 3 or 4 come twice a month from 11am-130pm and they usually get really busy meaning long wait times. So today a coworker and I walked down at 11am to try and beat the rush. I decided to try the Grilled Addiction food truck, upon looking at the menu the tri tip sandwich sounded amazing from its description. Although its $11+ price with tax that included no side or drink (you can get tots for $3 more) was a little concerning but I figured that it would be worth it. I placed my order for the sandwich with no onions. Then I waited, and waited some more. After about 20 minutes I asked if my order was getting close and was told that the tri tip takes a little longer since it is being cooked. Ok, fair enough. After about minute 35 I finally received my sandwich. I immediately noticed that it contained onions and was very small for the $11 price tag. I went back up to my office (about a minute elevator ride) and say down to eat my sandwich. When I took the first bite I noticed that the 5 little pieces of tri tip that were in the mostly bread sandwich were ice cold. Even though I was told that the tri tip just came off the grill. Needless to say I will not be going back to the Grilled Addiction and I would recommend to avoid it as well unless you like a place that gets your order wrong as it serves you ice cold over priced sandwiches that you wait 30 minutes for.
1	They are very enthusiastic and high spirited. Take a lot of interest but very very expensive. I got a burger. It was little and no sides. They charged me around $10 for that little snack and I had to go but a meal somewhere else. And I am not a huge personality at all. I'm just a 33 yr old female who weighs 130 lbs. I was totally shocked with the size of their sandwich. But the taste was really good.
5	We used Grilled Addiction to cater a rehearsal dinner for 50 people and everyone loved the food and experience. We offered guests a choice of Shrimp Po Boy, Pulled Pork, and the Tri trip steak sandwich.  Everyone couldn't stop raving about their meal. The green chile Mac and cheese is fantastic. I would definitely recommend using them for any event!
5	By far the best lamb chop I've ever had. Seasoned and grilled just right. a slight aoili on top. It is just perfection. You have to keep in mind that they're just a truck and grill on site to order. If the line's long, be patient.  It is totally worth your time.
5	You know that if I'm willing to walk outside of my delightfully air-conditioned building in the middle of a scorching scorching summer day, it must be for a REALLY good reason. I sadly forgot my lunch today, but my spirits rose pretty quickly when I remembered that a couple of food trucks were going to be pulling up to provide lunch options for our office complex.  We wandered over with high hopes of something good to eat.  So happy to say that we got what we came for!  I ordered a small (4oz) portion of the bacon mac and cheese.  Love that they bacon was layered throughout.  Great ratio!  It was creamy and rich - exactly what it should be.  My friends got the all-natural hot dog and the lamp lollipops.  I have never seen a hotdog look so dressed up!   Well worth the $7.95, plus it came with a side of chips.  She reported that the onions were the star of the show.  The friend who got the lamb enjoyed the meat, but didn't care for the sauce. It takes a little bit of time to get your order, which I actually appreciate - it means they are making my food when I order it!  Thankful not to have heat-lamp warmed food.  Nice work, Grilled Addiction!
4	Great Food and Fun. We tried them when they were at Carefree Brix Wine Bar. Had never done a food truck before and the lamb with salad was really great. Looking forward to seeing them again in Cave Creek.
