4	Royal Kabab is near my house, so I hit this place up pretty frequently. I'm with Zohaib C. on the tandoori naan. The place is a little heavy on the meat for my taste, but they are friendly if you request a vegetarian option, and it's a change of pace for my meat-loving man, who often gets the shaft when he goes out with me. It's kind of a hidden gem.
4	I'm not exactly an expert on kababs, but I'm trying to figure it out.  From what I understand, the Kabob House down on Independence is Persian-style kabobs, while the Kabab hut is Pakistan-style kababs (don't know if the spelling is indicative).  To most Americans, it's just meat on a stick, which is generally a good thing, because it makes it easier to eat.The restaurant itself isn't much to look at - essentially a counter where you can do your best to order - often the people working don't speak particularly good English - and then a table or three where you can eat (you can also take your food with you).  There is an International Grocery attached, as well.You'll find that the food actually seems to be fresh, and portions are good-sized.  If you're in the mood for a kabab (or kabob) and don't want to pay a larger price down on Independence, check out the Royal Kabab Hut.You will have to dig a bit to find this place - it's in the strip mall across from the Starlight Roller Rink and where the Delta Six Theater used to be.  To make matters worse, the whole mall looks closed since the China House and Las Estrellas closed down out front.  It's not.  The Kabab Hut is way in back - just keep going and you'll find it eventually.
2	Royal Kabab is a small place in a strip mall with mostly closed shops( for what ever reason). I was looking for something different to eat so I stopped you cannot see the place from the road because, of the way the strip mall was built.I walked in and started looking around there is a grocery connected to the store which I thought was a very good idea with all sorts of Pakistani and Middle East food items. I also noticed that paper plates and plastic silver ware are used some people get really turned off by that but... I have been to both good and bad places that use paper/ plastic.I ordered the Biryani sort of what we might call beef and rice ( but, it was goat). It was tasty and had wonderful flavor with large portions the only thing was I had, had goat before cooked a couple of different ways and the meat did not have that texture to me maybe because of the way it was cooked ( seemed more beef than Goat) price with a canned coke $10.00 seemed a bit high especially on paper plates .Will I be back maybe I want to try their Tandoori Maan ( Flat bread cooked in a Tandoori) or their Lamb Boti( Lamb cooked in Tandoori)
4	I've tried Royal K twice, because the grocery store attached to the place is where I buy fresh halal meat (goat, beef, chicken, quail, etc) The owners are brothers (or relatives) and are very homely kind of people.  They call me 'beti' (translates to: daughter) everytime Im there :) And they throw in a free drink and snacks while I wait for the meat.5 stars for the grocery store! Now for the restaurant..........I can barely eat 'Hyderabadi' dishes without having my mom's cooked dishes to compare it with.  She's a mean cook and can take any chef down: Iron Chef style.  That said, the biryani at Royal K is good, also the naan (if ordered fresh) are so delicious, you can just eat it all on its own.  I also tried their Haleem (goat, wheat, lentils and exotic spices cooked for hours until it becomes porridge like) Its good too, maybe a little salty for my taste.  Pretty much any selection is a keeper.  I still prefer my momma's food (plus its free!)
4	This place has the best kababs in Charlotte.  I was impressed.I had the chicken shish kababs.   The kabobs were tender and flavorful.  Not too spicy but not bland either.  I tasted quite a bit of fresh herb flavor as well.  They have a great take out deal on this currently.  15 kabobs for $20.  I have also tried their curries.  They were too greasy and not really good.  I am going to tell them next time to use very little oil and see how that tastes.  I have not tried the biryani or haleem.  I would imagine the haleem would also be greasy.  I have not tried the bread either.
4	Definitely one of the best kabab's in Charlotte ( it'll be a tie with Kabob grill www.kabobgrill.com/ , but the way kabab is prepared here is a bit different from the later. Both are really good in their own way's ). We tried biriyani with it , it was'nt great. Not the best place for biriyani , staff is really friendly. But service isn't great , often you have to go to the counter to ask for stuff. Not a great place to sit and dine , more of like a carry out joint. Worth trying out the kabab's here ...
