1	Very shady people I called bill on a ad on Craig's list he post them by owner  I called him he tells me he is a whole saler but no tax he is cheating state on sales tax and dis honest person I called on a truck tells me has hail damage few hundred to fix yea ok bs 200 dollars to fix a truck with hail damage he cheated lots of people they are in proces of changing their name I talk to adot they are going to look in this matter and get back to me I will let u no how it went look on Craig's list u will see his posting on fleet trucks
5	Just bought a Volvo from Jack and Ryan of Precision Fleet Services.  It was one of the best car buying experiences I have ever had!  Very low key, but honest advice and no shady "dealer" back and forth.  I would highly recommend Precision and will certainly buy future cars and refer friends and family to Jack & Ryan!
5	I know I always get good work for the best price possible in a timely fashion. As women we tend to get hosed (for lack of a better term) when having things done to our cars. Never a worry at Precision Fleet. Plus when we bought our car from Mike there was no car dealer negotiations and hidden fees, just straightforward and fair. With great work, great prices and a friendly customer oriented staff you will not be disappointed! :)
1	SAFETY NOT A CONCERN!!!We bought a BMW from Jack and Ryan I dealt with Ryan over phone and e-mail because we live in Ca. So later I find out I called and e-mailed too much I guess! Well buying that car and spending that kind of money we wanted to know as much as possible in detail as we were flying over and driving back home.Test drive was ok I had said how are  the tires?  Ryan says"they are ok they aren't brand new but they seem to be fine" Well he said their guys had checked out the car. Had his service department checked this car out they would have seen the bubble I spotted in the front tire he discounted $200 and said be sure you get a new tire before you drive back. We stayed the night so ended up driving around a bit in doing so rubber starts flying off going down the freeway this happened 3 times. It was Sat afternoon on Labor Day weekend Bmw dealers were closed and service wouldn't be open again until Tues. We needed 4 new run flat tires which aren't stocked in most tire shops so we bought 2 other tires thankfully we made it home  on Sunday. My biggest gripe is they knew that car needed tires more than we did and they knew we had almost 400 miles to drive. Our safety wasn't even considered and thats NOT ok!!!
3	Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase here. I've had my car now for 2 months. I had a few problems with the car right off the bat but they were fixed. The passenger side window on my car got stuck down not even 2 days after I bought it and getting it fixed was an incredible hassle for having just bought it. Also, I was told that my car was looked over thoroughly by the mechanic but when I went to get and oil change just recently they brought me an air filter that hadn't been changed in a long time! The guy who I bought my car from was nice but if I had to do it again I would buy from a dealership.
5	I'm not sure if this is the same company that has moved to a new facility over on 3rd Street in Tempe, but if it is I commend these guys on being honest and straightforward. They carry a huge range of cars from brand-new all the way down to traded-in work vehicles, and my sales rep Ryan explained everything about each group of vehicles to me as we rode out in the golf cart to look at the old pickup that I wanted to buy. He said that they welcomed me taking it to my own mechanic to have it checked out, or for $75 (the charge for 1 hour of labor) they would have their mechanics check it out to see what it might need. I opted to use their mechanics, and within 24 hours Ryan called me back with a thorough (although disappointing) list of things that needed to be repaired on the vehicle as well as things that might need to be repaired on the vehicle in the future. However, I was delighted and I told Ryan as much - spending $75 now to know what I was getting into is a much better deal then leaving with a vehicle that would cause me problems indefinitely. Ryan said that he would keep my name and number on file and let me know if he saw something that matched what I was looking for, but in the meantime I'm very happy with the service I received from him and his staff at Precision Fleet Services.
