5	This tiny, unassuming restaurant, home to Frank, the friendliest Syrian I've ever met, has some of the best shawarma this side of the Atlantic.  Can't wait to go back to try their falafel and fresh juices!
5	Huh.  Because of its storefront, I'd always dismissed Taza 21 as some sort of chain restaurant, but it isn't a chain!  Inside you'll find all sorts of tasty, affordable Middle Eastern-style food, as well as tables and chairs adorned with red glitter.  And the people who run the place are very nice.Try the falafel wrap, if you get a chance, as it's quite good.  They make their falafel with both fava beans and chickpeas, and serve it with all the usual fixings, including sumac seasoned red onions.  Also, you'll be offered either chips or a cucumber-yogurt sauce as a side, and I highly recommend the latter for dipping.Basically, what I'm trying to say here is this: don't do what I did and dismiss Taza 21 as a lame chain restaurant!  It's actually very good and, from what I can tell, family-run.
4	While visiting Pittsburgh over a weekend we stopped in for a bite at this middle eastern restaurant.  The place is small with few tables but the food tastes great and is very fresh.  My wife enjoyed the lentil chicken soup while I had a great falafel wrap.We were slightly disappointed that they don't serve hot tea, but other than that you should stop in and try the food.
5	This place has very tasty wraps (definitely try the Lamb Shwarma (sp?)). The prices are decent, and it has a nice mom-and-pop feel to it (the owner is super friendly). They also accept credit cards.
4	Awesome mom-and-pop middle eastern "fast food."  The friendly owners are Syrians (the mom is warm and chatty, while the pop projects a certain paternal gruffness (in a good way)).Both the babaganoush and the hummus are good. Of the wraps, I like the falafel, the grape leaves, and the lamb. They also have fruit smoothies (the mango is good, the peach is not bad either). Aside from Mondays, this place totally obviates the need for Aladdin's.
5	This is a funny little place: its run by a disorganized couple who are extremely nice, but have a tendency to forget about orders. But no matter -- with persistence, you will get your order, and whatever delay, it will have been worth it. They make delicious, amazing food. The meat wraps are the best (Kibbe, lamb and green beans, and grape leaf wraps are my favorite). Smoothies aren't as good as at the 61c down the block, but then again, I've never found a smoothie to be the equal of a 61c smoothie. You get a choice of yogurt sauce or chips with your sandwich order. Hint: Choose the yogurt sauce.
4	After a summer full of delicious shawarma wraps every week, I felt like I needed to find a place in Pittsburgh to help me with my cravings.I got a lamb shawarma wrap.  And I also devoured it in less than 5 minutes.  I like my shawarma wraps to be of the spicy variety, but it was definitely tasty at Taza 21.Vegetarian wraps go for 6 bucks while non-vegetarian ones are 7.  They also have salads and what not, but I doubt I'd get a salad when their wraps are so tasty.My buddy said their kibbee wrap was pretty good too.  I'll have to try it out next time.  I also want to hit up their hummus.  Good hummus is so hard to find.
4	After walking up and down Murray twice, in December cold nonetheless, I finally made up my mind and we went to Taza. Having always noticed it when driving by I was curious to see what kind of food they served or if they served food at all.Turns out it's a tiny mediterranean cafe that serves a variety of wraps, salads and pita pizzas including a mouth-watering lamb shawarma wrap! It's definitely a great lunch spot for something quick and relatively healthy, the inside is a little dark but cozy and they also do catering.
4	Having had the pleasure to live in cities with ubiquitous shwarama joints it was a real pleasure to find Taza 21.I've had their lamb and their chicken shawarma (both times as take-out). They're a bit different, in that the wrap is pretty thick and they put the whole thing in a grill press; I'm used to lighter versions. On the other hand, their meat is for real and not that minced goo that you get in a  typical Pittsburgh gyro.Definitely worth checking out.
4	For leisurely meals with friends, I like Aladdin's.  But from now on, when I'm by myself or with people but short on time, I'm going to come here.Definitely get the cucumber yogurt sauce as your side (instead of chips) if you order the falafel wrap.  While the falafel is tasty and has a nice bit of a spicy kick, I thought it a little dry.  Cucumber sauce quickly fixed this.  I'm even fonder of the sleek wrap, with kale and black-eyed peas.  I'd recommend it if you like kale/spinach.  The musakaa wrap does almost melt in your mouth, as promised by its menu description, but I wish the wrap had a little more of the tender eggplant-vegetable mixture.A piece of baklawa is the perfect finale if you've got a sweet tooth like mine.  I don't have any complaints about the nammora, which is made from semolina, but I still prefer the baklawa as a dessert.
5	Delicious
4	Shawarma is great, falal was just okay. Overall was a good place to get a quick bite.
4	This review is a 3.5 being rounded up because of the delightful owner, she is the sweetest thing and so happy to describe Taza's offerings for you. My falafel was tasty and packed with flavor, the patties were lightly fried so they were on the softer side which I liked very much. JB got a lamb shawarma and it undoubtedly got his seal of approval. Our wraps cost 7 and 9 respectively, they were a bit on the small side which would make for a satisfying lunch but definately not enough to fill our bellies for dinner.
5	Very friendly. Shawarma was the best I've had since being in amsterdam. Will definitely go back for more. Small but very clean. Awesome for lunch.
5	Great little Middle Eastern place!  Very friendly service; the shawarma and falafel were so tasty and flavorful.  Better for carry out, as the place is tiny.  I will be ordering from here a lot.
4	After our weekly trip to Jerry's the bf and I decided to check this place out and we were pleasantly surprised. Finding a parking spot on Murray is always a bitch but trust me the food here will make it all worth it. Like other reviewers have mentioned the place is tiny. There was no one else in the restaurant when we walked in but by the time we had put our orders in the place was starting to fill up. We were there just after midday on a Thursday. They had quite a variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian items on the menu and they all sounded amazing. We however decided to go all vegetarian so that we could share. I ordered the Fattoosh Salad and my  bf got the falafel. I also got some orange carrot juice.  The salad was amazing! I could tell that the ingredients were fresh. The lemon dressing was to die for! not too overwhelming. The pita croutons(fried i believe) were perfect and crisp. The portion was large but it was served in a styrofoam container so it was easy to save some for later. The bf's falafel was smaller that most  falafels are but i think it was still the perfect size. The falafel and vegetables were mixed up proportionally in a way that each bite had a little bit of everything. It was delicious. The pita was fresh and not too thick.  My favourite thing however was the fresh juice. I happen to be a mega serious juicer and Pittsburgh doesn't seem to have too many places that make fresh fruit and vegetable juices. It blew my mind that this little middle eastern place did. I could see them juice the carrots in the back while we waited for our meals and I could't help but get excited. The juice was obviously delicious ...pulpy but still refreshing. It was an amazing experience and we have gone back twice since. My only beef with the place is the wait. If your planning on getting take out it might be smart to call ahead to avoid the wait. It is definitely worth checking out and when you do promise me you will try their fresh juices.
5	This is one of my favorite hidden lunch spots in the city, despite it not actually being very hidden. I see other people have dealt with a female shop keeper, but every time I go it's Frank.  And Frank is gruff and on point.  Don't expect masturbatory groveling complete with smiles, instead look forward to a great meal made by someone who takes the time to craft each dish with care - from scratch.  The shwarma is amazing, though get the chicken and not the meat, and the falafel is the most authentic you'll be able to get your hands on in this city. Finally, I normally hate baklava, as it's normal dry and and made of prepackaged philo, but the baklava served here is almost reason enough to drive all the way out to squirrel hill.
4	Excellent small little eatery in the Squirrel hill neighborhood, with a very friendly owner.
4	per suggestion of the previous reviews, i came here one lazy weekday evening.like every other time i passed thois place, there was noone inside, but because of the reviews on yelp, i wasn't deterred from trying their lamb shawarma.  pressed on a panini grill, the wheat wrap was served piping hot, stuffed with lamb from the spit, a little excessive amount of the white yogurt-type sauce, and a ton of parsley for that big kick in flavor.  i accompanied my order with a side of the cucumber sauce, while my friend opted for the chips.  while we ate at the store, the owner kindly handed us another container of cucumber sauce, as he noticed that my friend and i were using the same container to pour sauce on our wraps.very pleasant service, fresh ingredients: makes for a good experience!
5	I moved out of Pittsburgh last year, but make a point of eating at Taza 21 whenever I go back to visit. The only problem is deciding whether to go with known favorites (best falafel in town, musakaa wrap with their fresh yogurt sauce) or to try something new. Recently we had the rice pudding, deliciously flavored with rosewater- SO GOOD!  Prices are quite reasonable. We had to wait quite a while for a table at lunch recently, so let's hope the business can move to a bigger space soon.
4	Great sandwiches and the best emulation of what I used to eat in the Middle East before immigrating. I eat his falafel and chicken shawarma regularily. I tried the beef (kabob) wrap and it was just the level of spiceness that I can tolerate. I think it is beef and lamb mixed. The taste was not "lamby" which I never liked. I tired his rice with milk. I loved it. It is rose-water flavored and a nice change from the usual cinnamon I buy in other places. Negative: he takes his time. You have to come relaxed and ready to chat with him and other customers. Not an issue for me but might be for others. Saw a regular customer who carried a bunch of plastic tubs with dinners (to go, cold, from the his display freezer). She said they are great.
4	I'm definitely a fan of Taza 21. My mom and I had lunch there a couple of weeks ago and we have been trying to go back ever since. We both had wraps and they were great! Make sure you try the cucumber sauce, it's delicious.
5	My new favorite Middle Eastern spot. Felafel is excellent, grape leaves are flavorful, and the cauliflower with tahini sauce was one of my favorite dishes ever!  Food is fresh, owners friendly, and restaurant is small but clean and pleasant. This spot is a gem.
4	Taza 21 is my favorite place in Pittsburgh to grab an inexpensive, yet absolutely delicious and wholesome meal. Favorites don't come easily for me, but in this case, I had to call it! The musakaa wrap is fan-worthy alone. The menu description says it melts in your mouth and that is so wonderfully true. The falafel wrap is good too, but it's not worth passing up the musakaa for. I haven't been able to bring myself to try any of the other veggie wraps because I'm always craving the musakaa. I also have not yet sampled their hummus or baba. The lentil spinach lemon soup is another star of the Taza 21 menu. With a nice balance of earthy and tangy flavors, it's much more flavorful than the average lentil soup. And I find the cauliflower irresistible, as it sits in the case, looking perfectly browned, right by the cash register - impulse buy! But not at all the sort one regrets! The stuffed grape leaves are average and skippable, unless you're really in the mood for grape leaves.I enjoy the service dynamic of the husband and wife duo and even though the space is geared toward take-out, it's not a bad place to take a seat in. Of all that I've tried, the only thing I cannot recommend is a fruit smoothie - tasted weirdly artificial to me. Also, don't get chips, get sauce. The cucumber sauce is yogurt based, but you can ask for tahini sauce instead for a vegan option. Bottom line is, the food is fresh and prepared with care and I'd go out of my way to eat here.
4	Taza 21 is hands-down the best Middle Eastern food in Squirrel Hill. I usually get the falafel wrap, but I've also tried the chicken shawarma, baba ghanoush, and hummus. The falafel is on the smaller side but a great lunch treat. The sides are similarly awesome, not too lemony as with some of the other Pittsburgh Middle East I've tried. The food can take a while to prepare but come bearing chill vibes and you'll be good. Great spot for a sunday morning hangover recovery. There's a good sense the owner will take care of you, he's very respectful and my visits are always a pleasure.
5	First time there. Had the chicken shawarma - very flavorful all around, the wrap was nicely grilled and the cucumber sauce that came with it complemented it very nicely. If you like dairy desserts, you must get the halawat el jiben. It's fantastic. This is my favorite middle eastern dessert by far and theirs is really good. Since what I ordered was so good I also got a baklava and an Arabic coffee, also very good. Plus, the lady behind the counter was extremely nice. Looking forward to going back and trying other dishes. Seating is very limited (only about 3 tables), but they are set up well for take-out. If the rest of their food is as good as what I had today, I would definitely pick them over Mediterranean Grill (which I also like) in Squirrel Hill.
5	Been back twice more and tried more items: kibbee wrap (theirs is ground beef, not lamb), meat grape leaves, hummus, tabbouleh, and a mujaddara wrap. Mujaddara (brown lentils, caramelized onions and rice) is probably my single favorite middle eastern dish and it worked well as a wrap. The hummus had a perfect balance of lemon juice and garlic. Everything was just as excellent as what I had on my first visit. Also tried their nammoora for dessert as a test since I am not usually a fan; it can be dry and flavorless (like eating plain shredded wheat cereal without the milk), but theirs was syrupy and rich with flavor. A unifying characteristic of everything I've had here is it is very bold with flavor. Their excellent desserts are only $1.50 too, which is a steal. This is now my new favorite middle eastern restaurant without question. It reminds me of my beloved Ali Baba from my days as a CMU graduate student.
4	I like this place (despite its flaws), and I eat there a few times a year. The sandwiches almost never disappoint - I am particularly fond of the kafta - and I always take some ayran with them. It's reasonably priced.There are a few downsides. The small restaurant (3-4 tables) is sometimes hot and stuffy during the summer. The plastic tablecloths are not always cleaned after the previous customer. And the people working there don't smile too much. It would also be nice to have a few tables outside too.
3	It was a million degrees and this place was right next to the coffee shop where M and I were camping out for the day. The guys were unbelievably slow but the food was decent. Falafel could have been crispier but overall flavors were ok.I'm sure it's better on a day when the kitchen isn't hotter than fire.
5	I just had the grape leaf wrap.  I highly recommend it.  Great flavor, and the portion size is perfect.  Great food and the prices seem fair.
4	Delicious wraps here! The bread part of the wrap is not too thick or too thin and it was crispy! They had a good selection of vegetarian wraps, and they were the prefect size for lunch! Both the kale wrap and the musakaa wrap were amazing! Also priced perfectly!
5	My experience at Taza 21 has been nothing short of amazing. One word that describes all of their food is FRESH! Legit tastes by my man Frank when it comes to the good ol shawarma and other arabic eats. They also have this awesome 3 for 2 to go containers deal on Sundays so I stock up on some tabbouli then. Highly recommended!
5	If you are looking to eat fresh, healthy portion and not spend too much then Taza 21 is the place. Any wrap or salad explodes with flavor. Service is a bit slow and the aroma could stick to ur clothes (winter jacket).. I usually order take-out and wait outside.
5	Amazingly good. It was delicious and even new stuff that I wasn't sure about trying really grew on me.  I am defiantly going back. Cheap, healthy and delicious!!
5	Best baklava I had in Pittsburgh. I ordered chicken vegetable wrap bc I wasn't feeling to adventurous but I'm glad I tried it. I'm gonna go back and try their falafel.
4	I was in the mood for something different today, something other than Subway. Taza 21 seemed to be an appropriate choice. I ordered the meat (beef and lamb) shawarma. It was warm, savory and I was sad after I had finished eating it because it was so delicious. The service wasn't bad and I didn't have to wait long for my food either. The prices at Taza 21 are pretty cheap, so I will definetly be back to try other items on the menu.
5	I have been coming here for quite a while, and this will forever be my favorite Pittsburgh lunch spot. The owner almost always greets me directly, even if I haven't been in town for quite a while. Admittedly, the service is a bit slow, but I'm never in a hurry when I'm there.The shawarma is always great, but I've been getting the kafta b'tahini for quite a while. It's spicy, salty, rich, and always piping hot. Couldn't recommend it more. The prepared items (in the case) are also great as take-home snacks (and discounted on Sundays.)
4	This is a hole in the wall place so expect that. The food is good, fresh and plentiful. If service were fast it would get 5 of 5 stars.
5	Great pit pizzas and smoothies
5	A small Middle Eastern cafe half a block away from my office, that makes yummy lunch wraps! The food there is really good, healthy, and reasonably priced! My favorite meat orders are the Kefta  wrap and Shawarma wrap, my favorite vegetarian orders are the Tabbouli wrap and Musakaa wrap, and my favorite salad is Fattoush. I heard good things about the Fish wrap but I haven't tried it yet. It's a family-owned place operated by a man and his family and everything is freshly made at the same day, so it usually takes them a little while to prepare orders. I would recommend calling ahead of time to place your order and have it ready by the time you pick it up!!The little packs are also very yummy and make great to go fast food! I tried something I never tried before called Each and I am a big fan!
5	Taza 21 is my go-to staple for lunch...i work in squirrel hill and eat here about 4/5 days a week. i can honestly say that the food here is consistently excellent, and everything that i have tried from the menu from the wraps to the spreads and to-go packs in the glass case are unbelievably tasty. Frank always adds his own touch and his unique recipes are out of this world...i am vegetarian, and this is a delightful veggie friendly joint.  my favorite is the tabbouli wrap...the Moussaka (eggplant and tomato and rice) wrap is filling but sinfully delicious as well. Always opt for the cucumber yogurt sauce (you get a choice of chips or cucumber yogurt, and the cucumber yogurt is a refreshing touch that goes perfectly well with the wraps.) The Fattoush salad is another great option, which has a great lemony flavor and toasted pita chips with great texture!There's many options in the glass case, as well...Eatch, which is basically a tabbouli in reverse proportions (mostly bulgar with some cut veggies and a wonderful spice) is really addicting and something you will never have anywhere else. There's also hummus, baba ghannouj, cauliflower, green beans, tabbouli, etc. You can order on GrubHub if you're in a hurry. Sometimes it takes a while to prepare since it's a one- man show, so call ahead and order if you can't wait 15-20 minutes. if you haven't tried Taza 21, you're seriously missing out :)"
4	A nice Syrian spot if you have a yearning for Middle Eastern. I enjoyed the Lamb Shawarma. It was quite flavorful and refreshing.They also sell house made salads and dips to take away.
4	There are plenty of places even in Squirrel Hill to get Mediterranean food, but this place is my favorite. It is small and appears to be family run. Shawarma with a soda will set you back around $8. They aren't very quick, but the wait is worth it. The pita is likely toasted and the meat and various pickled vegetables on the inside were delicious. I'll be back again soon.
5	This place has great schwarma.  I came here with a couple of friends about a year ago at their recommendation, and I was impressed!  I ordered the chicken wrap, and it was packed with well-cooked and seasoned chicken schwarma meat.  I ordered the cucumber yogurt sauce to go with it, and its cool creaminess complemented the chicken very nicely.  I believe the wrap also came with lettuce and tomatoes, and the wrap that it came in was fresh and delicious.  We also ordered the baklava, which was flaky, sweet, and slightly sticky, as baklava should be.  The guy who works there is kind of quiet, and the woman is talkative and cordial with customers.  Overall, a great option for take-out in Squirrel Hill for something a bit different than the usual fare.
5	Excellent grape leaves.Mrs and I got two smoothies and some grape leaves here.Both smoothies were good and the grape leaves are excellent. Prices are fair.  This place is seldom busy.  A good alternative to other spots in the hill.Cute little establishment.
4	So, I really do love everything I get here, but I'm always intimidated by the guy behind the counter who seems so angry all of the time. But, the food is really delicious. I frequently get the Chicken Schwarma and the spinach & beet salad and split them both over two days for lunch. Good combo.Also, although it's hard to compete with Salem's, their falafel is probably the best. They have these awesome little cornichon pickle things that just... yum.
