4	Great $.99 tacos on Tuesdays!!
5	The (big Juan ) burrito is the size of your forearm and is amazing.  Plan on a nap after your done eating it.
4	I love how they give you coupons with almost every order.I always get their bean burritos, mmmmm mmmm:)They have the salsa bar, with cucumbers, green sauce, red sauce and jalapenos.I find the service to be okay, I don't expect them to be amazing or anything.But when I go through the drive through, I can tell they get kind of annoyed when I ask for extra sauce, but oh well.If you want cheap mexican food, go here.
4	Cheap. Fast. Good. It's Filiberto's! The only downside is coming here late at night when all the drunk idiots hold up the line. Even though it's funny to hear you slur your order it's not funny when you and the 4 people plus the one that's not wearing a seat belt take too damn long to order.
2	They are quick, well as quick as a Mexican restaurant can be via a drive thru window. I really enjoy the burritos here. I had the Fajitas once. A little disappointed that you pay so much and you don't even get a drink.. Only main issue I have with this place is every time I have gone here I get a side of Guac, just hoping that since its a Mexican restaurant it will one of these visits taste good. But it never does, Its almost like they keep it to long or use bad avocado's to start with because it always taste rotten. Has almost completely turned me off of Guac all together. But if you just get the steak burrito you should be good to go!
1	Went to Filiberto's because I wanted fish tacos. Was very disappointed because the fish tasted as if it was sitting out for hours maybe even days, and recooked. I took one bite and that was it. When I approached the workers not only did they deny that the fish was bad, but they refused to give me an order of something else at no cost. Very disappointed and never going back!
4	Quick and friendly service! Great stop for a quick lunch break
3	It was better than Julioberto's (although they are basically the same thing), but I was still fairly unimpressed. The prices were also ridiculous for what you get. For what we paid we should have just gone to Chipotle, which I find to be much better. I got two burritos here and I was able to make my plate last for two meals, but the food was just OK. The drive thru also takes forever, which was irritating.
4	Stick with one of their staples for consistency. Be smart, it's Filibertos for goodness sake !  The Arizona Burrito with sour cream. Yum. Always filling & tasty :)
4	I go here all the time. Great tasting food, nice clean restaurant and the cashier's are really friendly.
4	I come hear often the staff is friendly the food is good.  The price is good for what you get.  I had only a few times with the chicken of being a little dry.   My son is not a big eater but he can eat almost a full breakfast burrito.   This place is one of ones I always come back to.
4	Love the 24 hour service! There's a filibertos right by my house but the extra 5 minute drive is worth it. This location actually prepares the food right it's not just sloppy and thrown together. Love the carne asada fries!
4	Amazing food, this is what good Mexican food is. Unfortunately the drive through is an Authentic Mexican drive throu.. Just don't eat there.. Trust me.. Bring a native. Unless you took Spanish in school..
3	Average fili b's! Only complaint is they have messed up my order 5-6 times in the last year, hate getting home and realizing my food is BOMBED with pico :/
2	My breakfast burrito was dry. The potatoes overpowered the taste so you couldn't taste any chorizo whatsoever. In fact, I think they put chopped up chorizo flakes smaller than the size of bacon bits in my burrito. Bummer!  The eggs were overcooked and needed more cheese for flavor. Essentially, my chorizo, potato, egg, and cheese burrito tasted like nothing. The best part was the freshly made tortilla.. Thank goodness I love me some tortillas de harina - since that's all I could taste in my burrito anyway.
4	I have eaten at Filibeto's all over the valley.  This location is my favorite.  It is clean and the staff is very nice.  I would recommend the Arizona burrito for lunch and dinner and the chorizo special burrito for breakfast.
4	When it comes to the food, you know what you're getting....diet-destroying goodness. Besides the great food, the place is the cleanest of all locations that I've visited (Almost every spot in PHX). The counter people are super courteous and always wearing a smile. I'm a regular and that won't change anytime soon.
5	As far as fast Mexican food goes, here it is. EVERY time we are in AZ, we hit this joint up. Seriously, like three times in four days...the ladies at the counter were cool, the place was clean, salsa bar was rocking and stocked...all the good ingredients you need for a little 'hole in the wall' burrito spot. I don't think they make anything bad, but if you want to change your life for the better, get a carne asada burrito. They even have karaoke every night after 8pm. Totally kidding about that. I wanted to see if you were paying attention still. Use coupons and see what is on special each day.
4	One of the first Mexican places I liked when I recently moved here. Unfortunately even though there are so many locations this is the closest one which is not really close, lol. The food is pretty good, not the best but really good and way better then Fredrico's. The only grief I have with this location is this one lady.. she speaks really quiet and mumbles through the drive - thru intercom. I ask her to repeat what she says and she gets so annoyed. I even thought maybe it was the system, but when I pulled to the window, I saw that it was her. But it's not like she's working the drive thru every time I go so.. I'll deal.
4	Staff is friendly, gets crowded at times. Always feel like I am getting my money's worth but they are a bit on the pricey side.
5	Fresh and Hot food. Not to mention how wonderful the cashier was. She brought the food to us the serving size was generous plus a women forgot her purse and the wonderful atentive cashier hustled it out to the owners truck just before they took off. I usually go to the one on 19th Ave but after this night am probably coming here.
