5	Not only is the mustache a timeless fashion statement and overall badge of masculinity, but paired with the right cocktail as the overarching theme of the bar opens a new can of worms. Welcome, 'Stache House, to the streets of Southend with your brilliant decor, fantastic cocktails, and wonderful window decals showcasing different mustache styles. Had the pleasure of checking out this newbie for an event this week. First, the design of the space is stachetacular. The layout of everything involving text is clean, fun, and bright. All of the dark, finished wood really gives it a "Hey! This feels like my old man's den at home!" kind of vibe. Best part? Say hello to a brilliantly large print of a local mustachioed gentleman hanging above the overtly tall bench seats. Branding goes without question. You'll never have to explain to a perplexed friend/bar-goer why it is indeed given the monicker of "Stache House."The concoctions are wonderful. All named after famous dudes with a stache. The Tom Selleck, The Charlie Chaplin, The Abrakadabra (homage to magicians everywhere), and others. The Charlie Chaplin is the perfect cocktail for me. Light, herby, not too sweet, with a generous pour of gin. Served in the craziest tumbler I've ever had the pleasure of drinking from. Most of the time I'm swindled into drinking from a martini glass, but not with this bad boy. Brilliant touch with the lime wedge hoisting a fresh basil leaf above the surface of the beverage. $10 which is pretty competitive against the rest of the cocktail scene in town.  Big bonus for not only carrying great bottled brews, but also a lineup of NC draughts. The versatility of this joint goes a long way for multiple crowds. Should you find yourself amongst friends who care for a cocktail, and you happen to not be the type, your haven may rest in a tall pint of the varietals from Highland, Duck Rabbit, etc. Hopefully some Charlotte brews popping up soon as well. Whether stumbling in with a group of buds or sitting next to a stranger, a mustache is always a wonderful icebreaker. I look forward to coming back for a few more Chaplins and resting beneath the glorious stache print once more. Cheers!
3	We went here for the first time right before the Super Bowl. The service was great and the place was fully staffed.  We are young, but the crowd wasn't our favorite.  Pretty sure we were moments away from a couple "Bro Down"s breaking out....The Charlie Chaplin drink was really good and strong, though.  We will definitely go back and see how this one plays out.  Hoping for a drink menu next time.
4	We visited Stache House on a whim one Sunday evening.  Needless to say, we were very impressed with this great new Southend spot.  Right across the street from Nova's Bakery (24/7 by the way), Stache House is a stylish bar/lounge that offers a variety of craft beers, wines by the glass and bottle, as well as top-shelf spirits.  Much to our surprise, they also offer hookah!  By no means is this place the lowest priced bar in Charlotte, however I was very impressed with how the price points matched the quality.  A mid-level bottle of Merlot will set you back about $30, a nice glass of whiskey about $8, and a high quality hookah at $20.  The straight forward offerings were also refreshing.  Oftentimes Uptown and neighborhood bars bombard you with drinks books, 936 different draught beers, 47843 different cocktails, and Lord knows how many weekly events and themed nights.  Stache House offered a clean, simple drink menu with prices that matched the quality.  My only recommendation would be 4 or 5 signature "stache themed" cocktails...I know they exist according to the other reviews but they weren't showcased when we visited.  The other aspect worth remarking upon at Stache House was the great service and ambience.  The decor is trendy but not uptight with great lighting and seating arrangements.  Shockingly enough, they don't over-do the mustache theme.  It's there and obviously the main characteristic of the bar, but it's not too hipster or over the top.  Good use of text on the walls with sprinkles of mustache-themed pictures and touches. The bartenders are fantastic.  They chat with you just enough to be engaging and welcoming while achieving that "neighborhood spot" kind of feel, but certainly not to the point where you feel like the creeper chatting up the bartenders.  They've achieve that perfect balance of the greats; fantastic service, good small talk, and great drink mixing.  I absolutely recommend visiting the Stache House...it may just become one of our regular spots.
3	I really wanted to like this place. I did. Catchy name... and that's where the liking stops. I guess I was hoping for something else. Maybe a speakeasy style bar with awesome whiskey and scotch with a killer beer and drink list. That is not what I got. Decor is minimal with oddly comfortable metal bar seats. They did have a drink list. With THREE drinks on it. Come on I can come up with more than that. Lowest point of the night was when I asked for a manhattan and they didn't know how to make it. Highlight of the night and the saving grace was the hookah. Nothing super fancy but it smoked perfectly. Watermelon Mint all the way. I think with time this place will def improve. Parking is always a pain in that area which is a bummer but if you are in southend and want a bud light in a new trendy bar hit this place up.
2	This place has great potential, but it's not there yet. I really thought this place was going to define the new feel of South End, but in its current state, is nothing different than what is currently offered in this area. The name is by far the coolest part of the location and the interior is not that far behind. But then you're met with a very simple drink menu which I feel is overpriced for the Charlotte market (hookah too is overpriced). The lack of food at this place also does not help my desire to become a regular because drinking is one dimensional.  This place also suffers from a very common problem that many new spots in Charlotte face... Identity crisis. What is this place trying to be? Is it a sports bar, a lounge, or an eclectic night spot? Until they help to clarify this question I don't know they can be something phenomenal; however, I have a feeling this place will be successful simply because it's located in Charlotte where there is no spots that really define greatness.
5	I came here due to a YELP event. I was looking forward to trying out one of their 50% off speciality drinks. I mention to my friend something about mojitos and the bartender said she can make a mean ass mojitos. What can I say but SOLD..... it's mean ass alright. One step down from the mojitos of Catina 1511. I'm in love....My friend ordered hookah thingie. 2nd time trying it out. Still a little clumsy with it. But overall it's great. I ordered some food from Carrabba's which is right next door and they deliver it to us right away. I'm love with their decor, can't wait til the summer come when they can open their hugh garage like doors. Bartender is on point and definitely an eye candy. Customer service is great and she's very knowledge with drinks. Definitely going back.
2	Not very impressed with this joint. This place reminds me of a club/bar you would find in Uptown where being at the trendy place is more important than a well-made drink and good service. We walked in on St. Patrick's day to find the place empty (it was during the day). We asked to see a cocktail list and were told there wasn't one. Funny because when I sat down at a table lo and behold there was a  cocktail menu sitting right there. Speaking of the table it was dirty ...along with the sticky menu and the messy floor. To be honest It felt like the closer from the night before never cleaned-up... the bar was unkempt, and downright dirty. Nothing about it made me feel like lounging that's for sure. We ordered over-priced vodka sodas which I requested to be served with a twist-of lime. Our bartender told us they didn't have limes. The odd thing was I saw the same individual actually cutting limes less than 5 minutes later....was he that lazy or non-accommodating that he couldn't be bothered to grab a lime from the back and cut it up? Or did limes just magically happen to appear a mere five minutes after our drink was ordered?  He looked like he was completely jacked up on steroids (even had the lime green muscle-tee  to match) so maybe he was on the verge of roid-rage and cutting limes or grabbing a cocktail menu would have sent him over the edge. I suppose I should count myself lucky. Ok, maybe that last part was uncalled for but I was really disappointed with Stashe House . I will say it was a beautiful day so I enjoyed the open seating.  We didn't stay to have another drink but I doubt the bartender cared very much as he didn't ask us how the drinks were or even bother to ask if we wanted another one...or do much of anything actually. I sincerely hope South End doesn't turn into the kind of place filled with bars like this...
3	I went early during the grand opening event, I figured I should welcome a new bar within walking distance of my home, and I was pleasantly surprised. Pros:The layout is pretty great. After (finally!) getting a drink at the bar, we needed a spot to go to as we made way for other thirsty customers, I turned and saw a column and thought "it would be so awesome if... no way, that column does have a drink shelf at the perfect height!" Plus lots of chairs and tables, some booth action, but still plenty off standing room to wiggle through. Solid drinks.Nice bartenders (even if some of them wear makeup by the truckload)Cons:No drink menu!Well, some tables are just too close together. With the hookahs and the crowd, I'd probably stick to coming here on a Tuesday vs a Saturday, but I like it, and I'm glad they're here. And the small patio is great now that it's starting to defrost.
3	Not sure how I feel about Stache House yet I need to check it out again but for my first experience it was a-ok.   The bar is very nice and I like the decor I just don't know if this place fits into South End.  However if your looking for a nice place to grab a good drink and smoke a hookah then come check this place out and don't forget to get a stache!
1	What a waste of a great concept and location. I walked in on a Sunday evening expecting a mature, chill lounge for grown ups and instead I got the complete opposite. So glad I didn't come here with colleagues.
4	Written while drunk but I'm keeping it:Did the DJ just mix Hotel California with a Swizz Beatz mix? Being a 70s/80s/90s kid, I can't  I can't help but love it. DC happy hour prices all day? Awesome! I don't smoke hookah but it smells good and I hear it's a good price for it.The people are cute and so are the workers. This is a win all around!
3	Friday night was a much different and much better experience. More mature and professional crowd; excellent bar service. But no food?
3	pretty chill on a Friday night. not sure why they had a bouncer checking ID's at 9PM. Then again I don't venture downtown much.A pretty fun spot for a first date..tv's patio up front, hookah's, no drink menu yet..kinda odd. Staff was super friendly and attractive.
4	Cool spot, adds some diversity to sleepy Charlotte with a new concept. Love the open air front with roll-up doors. Could use some servers working the floor and mini bar tables but otherwise a cool concept and great time. Hookah still lives!
3	Great little bar to grab a quick drink before going out... or even just after work.I think you could run up quite the tab at this one if you decided to stay there long but the selections are great and the open air feel is fantastic.  Riding the trend of mustaches was smart and the decor is cool.
5	We went here to grab a late night drink and hookah. Our bartender Danielle was fantastic!! The decor is rad! Made me feel like I was back home in SF. Hookah prices are a little steep for my liking but overall I was totally satisfied. I will definitely return soon!!
5	While not a huge fan of the mustache as it reminds me of my dad and the dated look he wore my entire childhood, I am a FAN of the Stache House!  Get ready to drop a pretty penny because these cocktails are pricey but oh so tasty!!!! (That's the problem..... The first goes down way too easy, the second is enough to feel good an the third is so you have something to hold in your hand and sip on so you can stay a little longer!). The interior is posh and somewhat "Uptown" but lovely because its in South End!  The bartenders are gorgeous! I remember having to tell the girls that as soon as I sat down (pre-third cocktail).  And they were cool, too.  A double bonus.  I never got past ordering the Chaplin because it truly is the best cocktail I've had in a long time.  TRY IT! (Tonight, if you can)
4	Hip, trendy place that plays off the speakeasy theme. Located in South End, I've been over to this bar quite a few times now. I'm in love with the decor - sleek, modern text adorn the walls with quips and sayings in an artful way. Being a graphic designer, I appreciate an added touch of art! The cocktails can run you about $10 a pop but you haven't truly experienced Stache House until you've sipped on one of their concoctions. Giving a nod to mustaches everywhere, the drinks are named according - The Tom Selleck, The Charlie Chaplin and others. The Chaplin is by far my favorite, although I haven't tried a wide variety since I never got past the Chaplin on my last visit. This tasty libation is light, fresh and goes down far too easily. Adorned with a lime wedge and a sprig of basil, this drink gets my vote. The place is a bit small but with a cozy feel and a relaxing touch when the crew pulls open the garage door front on a nice day. On the weekends, you'll get a DJ and a shoulder-to-shoulder packed house. If that's your thing, perfect. If not, you'll definitely either want to avoid it or go early on. Great for groups to hang out and the variety of different stache styles that grace the windows are always good for a conversation starter.
1	So this place is a hot disaster...or at the very least not up my standards. I recently went to Stache house with a few friends on a Saturday night. Usually the place is pretty laid back and not crowded but this night it was pretty full so I think they were thrown off and clearly ill equipped to handle it. When we got to the door one of the guys asked how many were in our group. We told him that there were 10 of us. He said that he could get us a reserved seating area for $250 which would only be $25 per person. Between drinks and hookahs we were definitely going to spend the money anyway so we decided to go for it. I'm not sure why he bothered to approach us about the seating area because when we sat down he said that we didn't have the whole area where we were sitting, just half of a couch. Ok, but you heard us when we said we had 10 people right? There wasn't even enough room for some people to sit and the rest of the party to stand. Ok whatever we're gonna roll with this. Let's just pick our bottles and order. So we decide on a bottle and a hookah flavor to start and we wait for the waitress...and we wait...and then we ask the guy where she is...and then we wait...and some people go to the bar to get drinks...and we are STILL waiting on the waitress. Eventually my boyfriend scoped out some people leaving a table on the patio and we went and sat over there for free. Obviously they didn't want our $250 because they clearly didn't earn it. Then we began the process of securing a hookah. An arduous process indeed considering they were all out! Seriously guys? Because seriously! Eventually a watermelon flavored hookah was secured and we had fun being in each other's company but I was definitely over the stache. There are plenty of other hookah bars in this city.
1	When we first got there we loved the drinks and the decor of the bar. As the night went on our service was terrible. They had a barback serving us even though it wasnt too busy. He didn't know what he was doing and never came to check on us...we tracked him down for each drink we ordered. Then at the end of the night when we asked for our checks he swiped our cards before we could even see our tab. Then come to find out he mixed up all of our cards and charged us wrong amounts. When we questioned it we got an attitude from the other bartenders who had to help him. When we asked for an itemized receipt they told us we should have requested one from the beginning and it "would take forever" for them to find ours. Also the womens bathroom was very dirty. The trashcan was overflowing onto the floor and there was what seemed to be pee on the floor along with toilet paper all over the place.We are going to Crave next time...
4	After venturing to stash house many more times since my first review, I have to say my outlook on the place has completely changed. I've grown to really enjoy stash house, just as stash house has grown to become something more then a bar with an identity crisis.Everything I mentioned that could have been improved in my last review has been improved from the feel of the place to the drink menu and their prices.  The staff is friendly and the selection of DJs they bring in our great; many of which I have become friendly.If I could sum up this updated review in one sentence, all I would have to say is simply, "if I'm going to South End, stash house gets my business."
2	I was so excited about this place when it opened. Speakeasy with mustaches! However, I feel that it has forgotten it's own theme and sunk into the same typical Charlotte bar mold. When I went for a friend's birthday, I felt like I could have just as easily been at BAR Charlotte or really any other bar anywhere. I don't think it matters if you have a 'stache or not when you can't hear anyone over the blaring Top 40 music.
3	We ended up here for a rainy semi-girls night out. This place has potential but didn't wow me for my first visit. The atmosphere was nice. There were mustaches lining the walls and low lighting boosted by tea candles at each table. I like that this place clearly followed the theme of the bar and still managed to provide a nice ambiance. Even though the place is pretty small, there was a good mix of tables and booths and a decent sized bar. And let's not forget the delicious smell of hookah in the air.The best part of the night was the DJ. He kept a good mix of old school and new school blasting out and we were bopping our heads and singing all night. In my opinion, he was a huge win for this place! Service was...non-exsitent. Since the weather wasn't great, they weren't all that busy but somehow still managed to leave me underwhelmed with the service. I'd give them another try, maybe when it's warmer.
2	I was so excited when stache house opened. I try to go to every hookah bar I can, when I travel its the first thing I look up. From the outside and from their website, stache house sounded awesome. In reality, stache is a bar that doesn't know what it wants to be. Is it hip and bougeoir or relaxing or loud and clubby? The service was nonexistent; the hookah was underpacked, had too much water and wasn't even started up and they lost my boyfriend's credit card. My drink was awesome though.
4	Happy hour is what made me go here which was awesome then it turned into a club scene which I didn't mind either. Had a good night randomly here. Good bartenders and the hookah was good. I also like the location because parking was free.
5	I went to Stache Bar because of fellow yelpers talking about it. I must say I was not disappointed. True I went on a Sunday but I still had a great time. They had great music playing but I'm bias to good hip hop. The drink special was great $4 well drinks and their Well drinks are Bacardi, Crown. The staff has all been friendly and awesome. Sunday is also $10 Huka. That was a first for me. I had a great time and have friends going there. I love the atmosphere and mustache named drinks.
2	The service really needs to improve , i don't think they understand the true meaning of great customer service. I don't understand why they ask for ID on Thursday nights. Is it me or is just on nights where African Americans come in packs this practice is done.
2	The place is cool and laid back. Reasonable drinks. But beware no waitstaff! So going to the bar for rounds and hookah is annoying and a buzz killer! Also beware of the security staff they can be extremely RUDE! I actually had to pull one to the side for being so rude! Not sure if I will return!
5	I am here in town for Thanksgiving weekend and having a great time! Hookah...laid back, good music and nice atmosphere. I will be back
