2	Costco business center food.  Just your very basic breakfast at a decent price.
5	My family and I went to eat breakfast there this morning and we were all very impressed! The food was amazing. Things like chicken enchilada omelette, the best burger. They make their own ground beef! The chef Andre is fantastic. Reasonable prices, especially for the quality of the food. We will definitely be back!!
5	Best sweet potato pancakes ever. They don't even need syrup! And best sweet potato fries, ask them for a side of BBQ sauce to dip them in . My father loved this place, too bad he passed away and can't enjoy the food anymore! But we still love it. Summerlins best kept secret!
5	Man what services and , homely first name bases makes it so AWSOME , what a diamond in the ruff this place is a MUST
5	Awesome mom and pops joint! Great service! Not to mention the food was amazing. I am a Vegan and they completely customized my meal to cater to my needs. I will definitely be back! Check it out :-)
1	Decent at best. Got pulled into this place because it had 5 stars. Turns out it was only reviewed by one user (probably the owner). I'm fixing that. Not a bad place but not a great one either. Probably on the lower end of the spectrum.
5	I love this place! Never felt more at home at a restaurant... The food is incredible! I loved the chicken and waffles! Service was great and servers were very personable. I will definitely be back!
5	LOVE this place! This is hands down my favorite spot for a weekend brunch. With great food, extremely friendly staff, and a pet-friendly patio, this is a weekend staple!
5	Amazing food & service love it :)
4	This was our second visit to Sun City cafe. It only got better the second time around.  We all had breakfast and the service was attentive and friendly and the food so far a cut above any other better known places for breakfast in the area.Since Sun City is a retirement community so all of the items have mild salsa since most seniors don't like spicy food.   But there spicy salsa was divine.   I had the jalapeno omelet and we also had pancakes and another omelet.   Everything was made fresh, served hot and with warm friendly service.  Ask for the spicy salsa on the side or tell them to make it spicy.Forget Babystacks, The Cracked Egg and IHOP or denny's.  This is the place to go. The menu is large, breakfast is served all day and you can actually sense the pride they have.  It seems family run but I could be wrong.  They even stock flavored creamers and will ask you which ones you want.  the coffee was nothing to brag about though.  They have inside and outdoor seating, lots of parking and yes even golf cart accessible.This will become our standard place when we want to go out for breakfast.  We will have to try their lunches next.
5	I've eaten breakfast here a few times. It is always fresh and the menu offers a lot of variety.  The service is great - super friendly and helpful.  A MUST if you want fresh, yummy and casual atmosphere!
5	Great staff! Great food! Comfortable environment! You should try the homemade pancakes! They are delicious! My husband had the protein omelet and he liked that too
4	My 1st visit here. Grabbing a quick brunch with my adult daughter, son, & daughter in law. Cheerful  service, flexible menu, comfortable seating. Bright well-lit dining area. Our server said their lunch specialty was burgers, & that they ground their own meat& the burgers were tender & juicy.I, however am not a burger person, so I ordered the BLTA with sweet potato fries. It was delish!Awaiting their meals now....mmmmm, looks, smells & apparently tastes great! The teriyaki grilled chicken w/ side of fruit, a winner, as were the scrambled eggs & pancakes. All cooked to perfection!
5	I have eaten her 4 time, its a family or neighborhood kind of place.  I take my business clients here an the just love the food and the friendlyatmosphere.  The food is cooked to order.
5	It our first time being at this cafe and its great, food selections are amazing and I really liked my "chicken n waffles" and my wife loved her breakfast wrap, I will definitely come here again.
5	I really love the selection here! The sweet potato pancakes are my favorite indulgence here! I also got an egg white omelette that had  goat cheese, spinach, and sun dried tomatoes in it!  It was absolutely amazing! You really can't go wrong at this breakfast/lunch spot because it has a homey feel and something on the menu that everyone can enjoy. Love this place
5	Good food, clean, friendly , medium wait  time. Good semi quiet atmosphere. Can't go wrong here. !!
5	Having trouble finding a great brunch place with no lines?This place is never crowded, even at peak weekend brunch times.  And everything we've had was delicious - they even make an awesome chicken fried steak.  Would highly recommend for anyone like us with toddlers in tow who can't stand long waits.
1	Been wanting to check this place out for quite some time.  First time yesterday, Aug 24, wife and I went there for breakfast.I ordered the country fried steak and eggs...most expensive item on menu, $12.49.   New York steak & eggs cheaper.Not a good deal.  Flavor was very poor.  Gravy had no flavor at all!!  Very disappointing.  Most  flavorful was the Smuckers jelly.One waiter who was obviously overwhelmed with 5 tables!Won't be going back!
