5	I used Blossoms by Gayle for my June wedding. Having a destination wedding is sometimes challenging, but if you have a great vendor, then you have no worries. You'll find that with Gayle is a pleasure to work with and really puts your floral dreams into reality.  We had one sit down with her and I even made changes (before the deadline) and she was understanding and pleasant to work with. You will never worry about not hearing from her. She does beautiful work, great with your budget, and an overall nice person. You will be ecstatic!
5	Gayle was such a pleasure to work with.  As a Type A personality bride, she was prompt answering all questions and concerns.  I have really bad allergies so I was not able to consult with her at her office (her house--she has a dog), but Gayle was so sweet she offered to take me and my husband to a nearby cafe to meet and talk and bought us some refreshing drinks while we chatted.  Her organizational skills are fantastic--I was impressed that she could keep track of everyone in our wedding party (about 40 people).  Our flowers were delivered to our hotel on time and in wonderful condition.  Most importantly, she made a simple flower (yellow roses) look amazing with other adornments: dusty miller and peonies.  She even had white peonies flown in from Chile, just to make me happy.  If you're looking for someone reliable, professional and talented, Blossoms By Gayle is the vendor for you!
5	Working with Gayle to plan my floral arrangements for my wedding was such a wonderful experience. She was able offer alternatives to flowers that were either out of season or over my budget and she enthusiastically welcomed my ideas. She not only worked very hard to keep costs down her flowers were BEAUTIFUL and they lasted well over a week after the wedding. I have recommended her to every engaged couple I know
5	Gayle did an amazing job on all the flower arrangements and bouquets.  We knew nothing about flowers and all I had to show Gayle were some pinterest ideas and she made absolutely stunning bouquets.  She also did a fabulous job on the free-standing floral arrangements for the ceremony.  Gayle was very reasonably priced--we have friends who spend double what we paid and their arrangements didn't look near as good.  Gayle is very talented at what she does and was a pleasure to work with.
