5	I typically work out 3-4 times a week (weights; spin; running).  After the first boot camp session my whole body was SORE!!  The owner Marcus Niemo and other trainer are very knowledgeable about how to maximize workout efficiency.  Class covers pilates, free weights, step-ups onto boxes, exercise balls and use of a vertical metal wall with steps and ledges to hold onto.  I've never seen nor exercised on a vertical surface like this before- it was INTENSE!  There are pulleys hanging off the side of the "wall" for further extensions/balance/etc.  There is also open access to the gym- which is nice.  I'm impressed at their knowledge of advanced pilates and injury prevention.  I'm also impressed that they somehow made every muscle group on my bod sore after 1 class!!  I've now done 3 classes total.  Heck yeah i'll be back!!
5	I love Body Fit.  I feel really good after the Fit Wall Boot Camp classes, and it has definitely helped me to feel stronger, and more fit.  I've taken a total of 4 classes now and they all have been a little different, and some days were harder than others.  But each time, I get a really good workout, and for sure, I get my sweat on!  After each session it feels like you worked out every muscle of your body.  The instructor and owner of Body Fit is Marcus Niemo.  He is extremely knowledgeable in fitness and shares a lot of his knowledge with you while you are working out.  He definitely keep its interesting.  I signed up for a Living Social voucher, but I think the membership is worth it.  I'm definitely jumping on the Body Fit band wagon!  I think you should too!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (61/365).
5	You really don't want to miss out on this opportunity! I've tried too many gyms and classes to mention, I tried Fit Body Boot Camp on my side of the valley - but none compare to Body Fit. Every session gives you complete, full-body, every-one-your-muscles workout and cardio. It doesn't matter if you have to miss a day or two, say a core strength day or an abs day or a legs day - you will get them all every day you work out. It is intense but it works for everyone no matter what level of fitness you start at. Come and try it out - whatever you are doing will pale in comparison to a Body Fit workout - Call Marcus!
5	Great !
5	My fiance, Ben and I started going to these boot camp classes a few months ago. We found out about it through Amazon Local deals and thought we'd give it a shot. We ended up liking it so much that we signed up for a regular monthly membership. The classes themselves are tough, which is what we want/need. The sessions include wall exercises and floor work. The new location is very nice: clean, spacious and there is even a playroom for children.  Marcus Niemo is the owner/trainer and he is nothing short of phenomenal. Not only is he very knowledgeable about fitness, he is kind and very approachable. He is always willing to take the time to answer questions about the exercises we do and also dieting (he provides dietary guidelines on his website). Marcus really cares about his students and his training and it really shows in every class. Not only do we consider him our trainer and health mentor, but also a good friend. I highly recommend signing up for Marcus' courses if you are looking for a good and honest workout with an instructor who really knows his stuff and wants to help you accomplish your health goals.
5	I have been going to Body Fit for over a year and love it! Marcus is amazing, a great trainer and very knowledgable. I am down 24lbs since I started and I feel better than ever!
