3	I was out running errands and doing some shopping when I realized I had a slight problem.  I was hungry.  I had gotten past munchy, I'd past the point of no return into full blown stomach rumbling, irritating, someone ought to do something about this hungry.  At the time this occured I happened to be in Southern Scottsdale headed towards the 101.  I saw a few options that might have been contenders, including this spot.I loved the pretension of the name juxtaposed with the slightly shabby exterior jutting out of a rather empty strip mall.  Is this the food an empire was built on? Was it worth crossing the Rubicon for?  Okay probably not.  But I liked the thought.  I drove up and stood there for a minute fully appreciating the bright red  latex paint peeling off of the roof tiles.  I appreciated the irony of a small Pizza Hut delivery shop which stood in the shadow of Rome, cleverly hidden behind it in the strip mall.  The sign outside said, "New York Taste, Italian Style"The inside was very clean.  The decor was sparse, and a little shabby, but on the whole I felt at home here. Plastic fake brick facades on the walls, teal plastic and oak stained wood booths.  A hand painted mural of the New York skyline adorned one wall with pictures of famous Roman landmarks near it.Behind the counter was a very nice but matter of fact lady who took my order.  I opted for slices, and in ordering two, she informed me I was just in time to take advantage of the lunch special which is a free medium drink when you buy two slices.  Before tip my meal was less than five dollars.My first slice came within minutes and I devoured it.  It was decent.  It was far from the best and far from the worst pizza experience I had ever had.  The crust was real and had some taste and definition to it.  On the up side, it was truly New York style at least as I have experienced it.  The crust was hand tossed, very thin, and crispy but not burnt on the bottom.  The cheese was real and there was plenty of it without it feeling overly greasy.  The sauce however didn't jingle my bells.  Now on a good NY pizza the sauce is pretty sparse to begin with but I like it to have a bit of flavor and the sauce just tasted bland to me and I couldn't quite figure out what I was missing.Overall, the service was excellent, and the place was nice.  What kept me from being able to give it four stars was the sauce, and the fact that I was forced to listen to Fox News while I ate.All in all, if you're starving and in the area you could do a lot worse, but I won't be making any special trips.  They do serve beer as all real pizza places should, but I don't think they have anything on tap.
5	I heart Rome's Pizza!! Being a native New Yorker, I have struggled over the past two years to find anything remotely close to NY style pizza. I had tried many local, independent places, but no one got it right. When I moved back to Scottsdale about 6 months ago my guy and I passed this place driving down McDowell road. I figured we could try it out (I'm always on the look out for some yummy pizza). Don't be taken back by the empty parking lot and shabby exterior, after all, isn't it what's inside that counts?? The food is always fresh. The Greek salad is great - it comes in small and large. The pizza is amazing (as long as you know what you're getting - NY style). I know that it's family owned, which I always have an appreciation for. The man that owns it does most of the deliveries. When I first moved to the area I called for delivery and he had to call me because he couldn't find my street. Embarrassingly, I only knew the street I lived on and not much more, so I couldn't help him. He told me that it was okay and eventually found the house. I expected him to get out of the car and give me a huge attitude, thinking I'm an idiot because I didn't know where I lived (could you really blame him?). But he was as sweet as could be and told me it was no problem. How refreshing! In a nutshell, hoooorray for Rome's!!
5	Another NY flashback! They actually serve their Tiramisu frozen! I love this place, I must admit. Such a great menu for casual dining..Great! Now I am a Tiramisu-a-holic! =)
4	Very casual.    Great white alfredo pizza.  We get it with mushrooms, onions and ricotta.  So yum!  Very pleasant staff.  Delivery - quick!  Salads are just okay.  Standard - w/ iceburge lettuce  It's really for the pizza that we go.
4	It seems everyone has a difference of opinion about what a pizza should be...so let's put my preferences up front:  I'm a NY thin-crust kinda guy but know a good deep-dish when I taste one.  I like things fresh, I like made-from-scratch dough, sauce and lots of toppings.  The main ingredient must be love.  Family owned preferred.I'm happy to report Rome's meets most of my requirements:  Fresh thin-crust dough, homemade sauce, made with lots of love. And you can ask them to create any kind of pizza you'd like...they'll make it for you without any questions or hassles. Food made with love comes with a price and Rome's isn't "pizza-pizza" cheap.  But I've found it to be worth every penny so no complaints there.Their pasta entrees are wonderful and homemade.  No cans or can openers in site.  Real garlic (and lots of it), real tomatoes, real...well...you get the picture. It's like having an Italian Momma next door. My only less than positive experience was the inconsistency of the wings.  I like wings, especially as an appetizer as it helps cut the hunger.  Anyway, not sure what they do to theirs but sometimes they're cooked to a crisp, other times soft and soggy then another time right on the money.  They haven't figured out how to apply the wing sauce as it mostly settles to the bottom of the plate without doing its magic.  Not a critical flaw but one worth mentioning.I'm not sure why folks remark about the interior. Of course, being a guy, I could care less as long as the food rocks.  And at Rome's the food indeed is the star.  4 and a half stars to be exact!
5	This is the BEST PIZZA !!!!!! SOOOOO Good!  My family gets takeout from Rome's about twice a month.  Friday night, pizza night!  We love it.  The girl that is complaining about the restaurant.com certificate said the owners were rude.  I know that to be untrue.  They are originally from Albania and maybe there was some confusion on her part.  They are very sweet and they are hard working.Rome's make everything from scratch.  You really are missing out if you do not try this pizza.  It is soooo good.  Also, they recently remodeled the whole interior and it is a very nice place to eat.  The remodel has made a huge difference in the ambiance of the place.  It is a good place for a quiet pizza and beer or wine.  They have also added several HD plasma tvs.  It's a great place to watch a game and enjoy great, homemade Italian food.  Yum.
4	I eat here every time I visit Phoenix, because it's my dad's favorite place. The thing that makes the biggest difference for him is the people. It's a family run business and the owners are really nice. It tic kles my dad that they are actually from Italy. I have always found them to be gregarious and helpful. Of course, everyone is nice to their friends, but my impression is that Romy and Roland are that way with everyone. Last time I was there Roland came running out of the kitchen to assist an elderly man getting into his wheelchair and they seem to be authentically nice, warm people. The food is quite good. My parents routinely order a Greek salad. It's a large portion and the vegetables are all crisp and freshly cut. The cheese is good and its well-seasoned and not drowning in oil.The pizza crust is really good. It's soft with a crisp crust. The ingredients are high-quality and there is a good balance between the cheese versus the other toppings. My parents are creatures of habit, so I've never had anything other than the Greek salad and pizza. But I recommend those!
5	Still the best!
3	I tried this based on the Yelp reviews.  They have a nice atmosphere inside I think....kind of try to paint it up to look "New York"-ish (at least on the one side of the dining room...just booths on the other).  The lady that took my order was quite attentive and assured me I would enjoy this pizza (as I let her know this was my first time here).  I'm sad to say...it really is hard to find a pizza that is truly awe-inspiring.  This was not it.  It was a nice and good thin crust, had decent flavor to it.  Here is my issue with most pizza places.  They don't get the sauce right.  This like many others...the sauce could not be tasted.  It's not something to just slap between the cheese.  It gives a pizza it's unique flavor.  Otherwise...it's basically a flat biscuit with melted cheese.  I will say this had a good crust and tasty cheese.  But nothing special overall.  I was actually disappointed based on the reviews on this page.  It's a very good average pizza and I would get it again, just not going out of my way for it.
5	Forgot the straw... but still five stars!I was in Scottsdale for work, and wanted to relax in my hotel room after a long day of meetings.  Not being from the area, I googled delivery, and Rome's Pizza came up.  Friendly woman on the phone, and from previous reviews, she must be in the family of this self-owned and run business.  My bolognese and fettuccine came within the promised half hour, and the food was fresh.  Delivery guy was nice and friendly.  Probably the most delicious delivery pasta I've ever had.  Even the salad was fresh and I don't think it was prepackaged, as many pizza places do.  Yes they forgot the straw for my drink, but I definitely recommend... for both in- and out-of-towners!
4	Ok, so my AC has been out at my condo so I was stayin at my dad's place. He is a chef, so obviously picky about food. (to a fault). I got a pizza from this place and took it to have dinner with him one night because it's down the street from his house. Pizza was really good! I was impressed. The lady at the counter wasn't super friendly, but whatever! A couple of days later pops and I decide to go back and try the pasta dishes. We get there, drinks come in styrofoam cups which pops did not like. But, whatever, it was Mr. Pibb and I could care less. He got the Clams Linguine and I got Baked Ziti with meat sauce. Pops said his dish was absolutely "fantastic". Garlicy, lemon, lots of butter and olive oil...superb. My dish was good, I would order it again but the pasta was a little over cooked. The meat sauce itself was delicious. Ok...so the only major problem we had was when we got Tiramisu. It was half frozen.... My dad, the chef, about had a nervous breakdown. (not to the staff..just to me. He isn't the crazy customer guy). I asked the lady at the counter, who is apparently the owner, what wa sup and she said they serve it that way so it's like ice cream??? Nope...sorry. I want my tiramiso fluffy and creamy. But, with that said, the Clams Linguine was excellent.
2	This college dive pizza-pasta place is great for what it is.  Not much on decor or ambiance but thumbs up for a quick, cheap meal.  $9 got me an iceburg salad (choice of dressing), spaghetti with meat sauce and a slice of garlic bread.  Will definitely hit the spot on a quick craving but should definitely be avoided on a "date night".PS stick with the house Chianti ... only palatable wine in the place.
3	I'm disappointed that I didn't like Rome's more. My girlfriend and I had delivery from here the other night. We both had Calzones with a side marinara sauce. The sauce and the ingredients (you build your own at Rome's) in the Calzone were excellent and fresh. But I just wasn't all that thrilled with the food itself. The meal wasn't too pricey, but a heads up for anyone who orders delivery, there is a three dollar charge.
5	I've ordered from Rome's several times.At first I was very skeptical because the place looked a bit run down and didn't seem very busy. We thought we'd give it a shot and now i'm a big fan. We usually get the baked ziti and spinach and artichoke pizza and they're just phenomenal. We're trying out spinach ravioli and eggplant parmagiana pasta and the lady who took the order actually let us know of the pasta special of the day which ended up being the eggplant parmagiana so our order ended up being $2 cheaper.Restaurants usually don't let people know of specials if the customers don't mention anything but it was so honest and nice of her to let us know.Big fan :)
3	Its not a fav of mine but it hits the spot when I would like to pay a little extra for a pizza to support the family biz. I don't have very much to say about the service, I think ordering four pizzas was over whelming for the staff.   I'll have to try the Great white Alfredo pizza thanks (lisa F. for the review.  I might just be a IL person and prefer the deep dish.  Its hard to deny the fresh ingredients and dedication to a classic family owned restaurant no, flashy Scottsdale tricks here.
5	AMAZING Pizza!!! From Chicago and this really hits the spot
5	I'm an out-of-towner who has been going to Rome's for lunch since 2005.  Everytime I have went there, I've been delighted.Most of the time, I get 3 slices of pizza.  It's real great New York-style pizza -- nice thin crust, good cheese and sauce, and just the right amount of grease.  I have found their stuffed shells w/meatballs to be outstanding.  They have great meatballs.  Chicken parmigiana and cheesesteaks were also good.Service is great.  I have gotten to know the nice Italian lady who runs the counter over the years.  Very nice lady.
4	Oh so delicious! Have had their manicotti - got incredibly full, but thats the point in eating, right? Tried their wings, pretty decent but a little dry. They have friendly authentic Italian staff. Take out or dine in. Dinning room is set up very nicely. They have happy hour speicals and daily meal speicals as well. You know you've driven by it and always wondered, so give them a try!!
5	This place is quite nice. I go here a lot and have tried almost everything on the menu. I've only had one thing on the menu that I didn't care for much and that was the tuna sandwich. But everything else was delicious. My favorites are the Calzones, cheese pizza, grilled roast beef sadwich and their raviolli. It's really hard to pick something that you won't be impressed with here for the price.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped in here a week ago for happy hour and it wasn't too bad.Its a VERY small location with no patio (bummer)At first I was kind of worries when we walked in because the place was dead and the older lady who was working behind the bar wasn't friendly AT ALL! Basically we felt like she was pissed we were there. we sat ourselves and then she brought us menus. A min later a nice younger girl came over and greeted us with waters and asked us if we were ready to order ( we just sat down)... she gave us a few moments then came back to take our order.we ordered a pitcher of beer and some mozzarella sticks to start. (seriously one of the best mozzarella sticks I have ever EVER had!! They were perfectly cooked and fresh fresh fresh! The portion was a decent size too! We also ended up ordering some wings (medium) and those were also great! not the best I've ever had but they were still very good!  G- ordered a (SP) Philly Steak & Cheese with Marinara Sauce $7.50 (mushrooms, green peppers, onions) it was very good! he raved about it but I thought mine was better ;) I had the Grilled Chicken with Artichoke $7.50(pesto, tomatoes, mushrooms, mayo, cheese) - the mayo. A few nights later my friend and I ordered a pizza from here and it was okay... not great just okay. All in all I've had better experiences but it wasn't horrible. I'm sure I will be back to give this place another chance.... okay okay maybe I've just been craving those mozzarella sticks ever since. yummmmmmm cheeeeseeeee.
2	I've been here  a couple of times in the past.  Usually at someone else's suggestion.  I can't say that I recommend this place, UNLESS you like your lunch served up with a lot of attitude.  The lady that takes the orders at the counter is usually abrasive and rude.  I am the type of person who will kill the meanest person with kindness, but there are places where I draw the line.  So, I have drawn the line with Rome's Pizza.  The funny part about it all is that my line is often zig-zag and curvy, so i still go here when someone else wants to go.  hehe.  My friends like the abuse I guess.  One friend says the lady is nice to him.   The plus side of going here is the fact that they serve an average pizza by the slice with your custom toppings.  They also make hoagies and some other Italian-like dishes.  they have a nice lunch special that includes soda for a few bucks.   They also serve some typical American favorites like hot wings. I usually order the 2slices of pizza lunch special and get the unsweetened tea.  I'm not sure why I forget, but their tea tastes horrible because the water from the fountain tastes terrible!  But it never fails, I forget that I need to BMOB of water with me.  All in all, this place is a dive.   Give it a try.
2	Ill start out by saying Im a chicago style guy (born and raised), so I am biased.  But I tried it because my normal place is in the middle of a move and not yet re-opened.  It was 1pm, not a customer inside.  Probably normal for the area, im sure there were people there during the 12:00 rush.  I tried a couple slices of sausage to go.  Relatively underwhelming.  Think of it as equal to the mall food court pizza.  Im sure (I hope) that fresh made full pizzas are better than slices that sat around awhile and got rewarmed with some toppings sprinkled on top.  It wasnt bad by anymeans (well, crust was too floury)... but Ive definitely had better.  Ill go back and try some pasta tho.
4	Kind of boring on the outside and on the inside. Seems like this a husband and wife team running this place because I saw no other cooks in the back. Only a handful of folks in here at prime lunchtime. The lunch deals mostly involve a free soda, which isn't great for a takeout person. Passed on the slices because I like to see my slice before it goes into the oven, but ended up with a decent Chicken Parm Hero for 8 bucks and that included a bag of lays Potato Chips. The cutlets were crisp and fresh, so it was pretty tasty. The only issue was that the bread could have been better. It was toasted, but still tasted a bit stale. Will likely try something else on the dinner menu or give the pizza a chance. Huge menu. Call ahead since there is only one cook.
5	Very good prices with delicious thin crust pizza great flavor and crispy wings are good with a salad and homemade ranch dressing!
2	I got a pizza delivered and the whole experience was mediocre. The crust and topping were...ok.I got a pepperoni,mushroom and ricotta pizza. It looked like the ricotta came out of a squeeze tube it was zigzagged in large trails across the pizza, it just seemed like a little more effort could have been applied and the crust was a bit dry and over cooked.
1	This place is a joke.   I Call them they tell me they have a special two pizzas14.99 and I order it. They bring it and delivery guy says  29.99.  I tell delivery guy about their  price quote  and he calls his boss.. Boss says their price is correct.  I talk to owner she argues and tells me that the price is 29.99..i mean I'm not lying lol... I felt bad for driver but told him to take pizzas and leave.   Also they said 45 minutes and it took 1 hr 15 minutes.. This place is literally a joke of an establishment
2	I ordered 16" pizza with 20 wings with an order of calamari . The pizza it self was OK not the greatest pizza i ever had and the 20 wings were boneless and were an extra charge for the bone in, the wings could not be split (ex:10 hot 10 medium) there is an extra charge for that too. The Calamari was bleh really chewy and the batter was salty. i will not be returning
5	Delicious pasta!  Love the angel hair pasta with sausage.  I am a repeat customer and choose Rome's over DeFalco's any day.
1	Worst food I've ever had.Ordered Chicken Parm with Spaghetti mixed in with red water.Spaghetti sauce was literally red water.  Chicken was horrible.  Couldn't even finish half of the chicken.I never had their pizza.  I assume it is at least decent since they are still in business.Never go back again.
1	Went in there with my guy friend, and we ordered jalapeno poppers and a large pizza to go.  Go in there, pay what we were told, go home, open up what we got, and it is not the large pizza we ordered, and it was 20 wings.  We called them, and they yelled at us for taking the wrong order, when they handed us the order.  They told us come back and not to worry about the other food that they gave us, and get what we ordered, (we left the food that they gave us at home because they can't reuse it and they didn't ask for it back)  Got back and they gave us what we ordered, and demanded that we go back and grab what was the mistake.  That makes me concerned that they would reserve it.  I would never go back and will tell everyone else how bad my time there was.  Romes can go into the Abyss.  If you want good pizza, go around the corner to Little Chicago, Rosati's, even Hungry Howies or Little Ceasers are better options.Good luck and good eats!
5	This place is great! The food is awesome, I recommend that you try white pizza and a pasta dish. The service is always good and they have draft beer! They have to big TVs so we like to go here to watch a game without the bar noise.
2	The pasta parts was beyond bland, I took three bites and threw it away. The garlic bread was perfect along with their speedy delivery. Probably not ordering from here again unless they do a grand reopening.
5	Great wings, Great Pizza, Great delivery times.. The only delivery place I have found in Scottsdale that has wings done the way I like them. Crispy, with blue cheese.Worth looking in to!
4	The pizza and pasta is absolutely amazing! I frequent here when I am down in Arizona, because it is right by my house down there. They are a pizza and pasta shop. I usually do not get spaghetti when I go out to eat because I often find that I can cook it better, but I get it here because it is absolutely excellent! They have fries, which I like because even though this is a pasta shop, I like that they have Classic American sides. They also have good prices, so I think that you get a good bang for your buck. I have read reviews on here that the staff is somewhat Rude, and I will vogue for that and say that everybody is right. I always get it to go tho, so the rudeness does not bother me because Oftentimes when I am in AZ I am alone so I just go back to my house. The exterior of the place is sort of shabby or being in a very high end part of town, but don't let that fool you! This place does have good food. I wish I was in AZ now to be eating it. 4/5 stars due to the staffs overall rudeness
5	I've only been here for lunch. As an east coaster, I go for their pizza but have to go there for dinner one of these days. It's not much to look at, no good pizza place is, but the owners are remodeling inside bit by bit.
3	This place is your typical Italian restaurant with good food and an only ok dining area. The tables and chairs could use replacing and the decor is outdated. The service was a bit slow but not horrible. The food was average and they prices were a little high. I have also ordered in their pizza and it came quick but for the cost, it was not what I expected. I have been to better Italian places in town so this place will only be one I go back to because it is close to my house.
4	Honestly, it's more like 3 stars, but it's close to my house & the pizza is solid enough so 4 stars it is.When this place opened my family used to order pizza from here quite a bit, and always thought it was good. I think at the time this was really the only non-chain pizza place in the area (there's more now). Every now & then we would order other stuff, and honestly, I don't remember it being all that great. The sandwiches were always a little soggy & I remember them putting a ton of sauce on the pasta dishes (the sauce itself wasn't bad, but I don't care how good sauce is, I don't want my pasta drowning in it). I'm glad to see Rome's is still here. It was never crowded when I used to go before (I'm talking over five years ago) & now that I've gone back a few times it still isn't crowded. A few other pizza places have opened close by in the past couple years (which is part of the reason I hadn't been here in so long), but Rome's is still pretty good. The prices are pretty reasonable, which is a big reason I started coming back. They have a deal for two large one-topping pizzas for twenty bucks. The pizza isn't the best I've ever had, but it beats Pizza Hut. They put a lot of toppings on the pizza & the sauce is good. I haven't tried anything else besides the pizza since coming back, but like I said, I don't remember anything but the pizza being all that good in the past, so I think that's all I'll stick to.This might not sound like a glowing 4-star review, but reasonably priced, pretty good pizza (that's close by to my house, no less) makes me a fan. Even though I've always gotten take out, the dining area is pretty big and clean. Maybe somebody I'll actually dine-in.
5	I enjoy going to Rome's Pizza for lunch and for dinner. They offer daily specials along with the regular menu. The atmosphere is relaxing and the food is always good.
5	Best pizza ever!! We order from here every time. Always on time, fresh ingredients and amazing quality. Love it.
5	My boyfriend and I love to go in to Rome's for dinner. They are family run, and we know all the people who work there. They are always very friendly and prompt. Their Greek salad with grilled chicken is awesome, and I love the Italian beer they have in the bottle. My guy always gets the calzone loaded with lots of special goodies, and he loves them. This place is great food and nice people!
