5	AMAZING. I am amazed at the great service I got at Hair I Am Salon. Both Debbie and  Claudia are real nice. I can't believe how many compliments I have gotten on my hair since I have been there. It is a nice salon and the prices are VERY reasonable. Check it out....YOU WON'T REGRET IT.I found my salon....FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!OH-I just found out they take walk-ins too!Michelle M. DDS
5	Awesome cut and color!  You'll never be disappointed! I have been seeing her for about 13 years and have never been disappointed.  I will continue to drive from Maricopa to see her in Youngtown because of fair pricing, good fun and fabulous hair care!
5	Debbie is amazing, honest, and fun.  She does an amazing job and at unbelievable price.  Her salon is incredibly homey and she makes everyone feel welcome.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone who is looking for a great stylist without the expensive price tag.
5	Tucked away in a strip mall in Youngtown, but definitely worth seeking this place out.  I got an awesome haircut from Debbie at an affordable price.  So happy I found this shop.
5	I just cant say enough about Debbie and her salon Hair I Am. I was a little nervous about going dark but wanted to try it. I AM SO HAPPY I DID. Debbie is incredible with an amazing eye for color and esthetics. When I was done she told me she was having a special on colors that week. I almost fell off the chair when she told me what the special was...you absolutely HAVE TO see this wonderful lady...SHE IS KNOWLEDGEABLE AND WORKS WITH YOU IN THESE HARD ECONOMIC TIMES....Go  to Hair I Am once....you wont regret it..Michelle M. DDS
5	I have been going to Debbie for quite a few years.  She is one in a million!  If you want fancy, schmancy this is not the place for you.  If you want cozy, comfortable, and expert styling and color at a super reasonable price this is the place.  Bring your kids, grandkids and Debbie will probably let you bring your pet.  She loves everything and everyone!  She is the salt of the earth with the biggest heart ever!  A stylist that truely cares about you and listens to what you want.  You'll not be disappointed!
5	I have been looking for a hairstylist since moving from Florida in Feb of 2013.  She is the fourth one I tried.  So I say fourth time the charm.  Great cut and color at a great price.  Debbie and her salon are unique (read a bit eccentric ) but, she truly is gifted.  I'll be back and would reccomend her.  Very happy to have found her.
5	Small and cozy, Debbie is all heart and twice the talent. She is a lot of fun And I enjoy the time I spend there as much as I enjoy my hair when I leave :)A place I'd recommend :)
5	Just went there after moving back to this side of town. I have to tell you, Debbie is fabulous... She provides a high class cut for a moderate price! She is enjoyable to talk with and she is concerned about what you want in a cut as well as your expectations of the end result. I will def be going back!
5	Every time I come to AZ on vacation, I always come here to get my hair done! Absolutely love Debbie, she is so creative when it comes to hair! She is hilarious, and very easy to get a long with. I got my hair done today by her, and she fixed my hair that my kitchen cosmetology did not do the best on!
