3	While not necessarily an art destination, this small gallery is a worthwhile diversion in the Strip District.  The small space features one or two distinct installations, and in addition to the exhibitions, the adjacent store stocks a variety of handmade crafts.  Worth checking out if you're in the area, not least because the admission's free.
3	Whenever I'm home in Pittsburgh I don't mind doing nice things for my parents.For example, it was nice of me to accompany my mom to a fundraising/social event here. As far as my dad was concerned, it was also nice for him since I went, and he didn't have to.I'm a good kid like that.The space wasn't bad for an event but the art itself seemed completely random and pretty uninteresting.Pretty sure the art changes frequently, so I would go back again, but only to hold my spot as the favorite son.
4	The Exhibits were few but there were some powerful ones and some funny ones. All really modern even in how they were presented. A cool shop - definitely a place to buy home decor items or gifts. It was worth stopping in especially since it was free. It adds a good dimension to a trip to the strip. I definitelly recommend it. There is probably at least one thing here in for every type of person.
4	I was standing on a corner eating my Peace, Love, Donuts donuts and thought I noticed signage for crafts. This word-"crafts"-can mean many things and with sticky, crossed fingers I darted across the busy intersection to investigate.I think the best place to enter this gallery is from 21st ST. This entrance leads you into the shop, or "the Store," which is what my review is mostly focused on. So, back to "crafts." There are really talented contemporary artists featured here and the Store is a great place to get contemporary pieces for you, your home or for gifts. I bought two Brett Freund (PA artists) ceramic pieces and they were so beautifully wrapped I felt guilty they were only for me. Prices are varied, depending on size and medium and of course the artist. Whatever your budget, this "gift shop" (another term I hate) is a must to check out. One thing to note, I was there on Sunday, which neither the gallery or Shop should have been open on, so I'm not sure what was going on that day. The gallery was indeed closed, rather, roped off for the trading of exhibits but what I could see was exciting. This is definitely on the list to check out when I return.
5	Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.
