2	A Hollister Wannabe.....I know a lot of you girlie girls really like Forever 21.  And, yes, I am a dad and I should not be liking it.  However, I liked the idea, just not the execution.1. Cool - to have a store focused on modern and basic trendy clothing at a very reasonable price is an awesome idea that F21 has got down to a science.2.  Quality - Not sure of the quality as it seems that everything there is what you pay for.  In fact , for the costume jewelry we bought, the first several were broken. The 10.50 jeans seem cheaply made and the nondescript converse look-a-likes look like copies. Overall, I would say reasonable quality. You get what you pay for.3.  Selection - Here, I am not sure how they do their sizing.  Shirts and Hanger items are squished into the racks so tight it is difficult to hunt for sizes.  4.  Service - I am not sure they practice this effectively.  no one focused own really helping us and trust me, seeing me at the store you would think I needed some kind of help - stat!5.  Service - At the store for 45 minutes tried on 8 items and did not get to one store clerk. Not one acknowledgement, Nada. I say, there are better places to go....but this place is SPECIAL!!!
3	I have said in the past that the clothing sold at Forever 21 isn't my style. Well, I lied. Kinda.  Forever 21 sells trendy clothes at very reasonable prices. As with most stuff, you are sacrificing quality to get the low prices. That said, you can find some terrific deals on basic items here.For example... One of my favorite tank tops is from this store. It cost me less then $5. There are great deals on accessories as well... like earrings for under $3!On my most recent shopping trip I was looking for some white denim shorts. I was able to find other colors, but organization isn't really this Forever 21's strong point. I asked one of the employees working to help me find white shorts and she went in back and a few minutes later she returned with exactly what I wanted. There are better Forever 21 stores out there. It seems like this one has as much stock as the larger stores, just less space to organize it all properly. Otherwise it's a great place to shop for good bargains!
1	Called up this Forever 21 and asked them if they could look up an item I was looking at online to see if they had it in their store. The women answered saying she was too busy and didn't have time.
5	Many of my clothes are bought from forever 21 either online or in-store. (1) its affordable and cheap though the quality isnt that great it is what you pay for.  (2) It has a great selection:   I love how they have casual and formal clothes and even basics clothing.  They have accessories, shoes, flats, hats, purses, and belts.  I love how their store isnt so huge nor small & the store is always very neat and the workers are always willing to help you out.  I have received many compliments of the clothes I wear and they always wonder where I have bought my clothes and I tell them "forever21."  You can find rings, necklaces, and earrings for under $3.  Most of the bracelets are about $3 or more and they do have a cute selection of accessories! I love it and sometimes you just have to chose wisely what looks cheap and what you can do to make it look more expensive.  I never bought any shoes or flats there, from what I have seen nothing they have is my style.  However, there were a couple of times where I feel like the clothes they carry looks trashy and all torn up & im like wth? Also, where everything was sparkly and nothing they had was grabbing my attention that I had to stop shopping at F21 for a while. LOL. Overall though, I do love shopping at forever21 and I would shop here until the day I think it no longer has my style of clothing.
1	Coming into the store a friend and I thought it would be just like every other Forever 21 store we've been to. We made our purchases and out we went. After going to a few other stores in Galleria, my friend decided she didn't want the lingerie she purchased from there anymore because we found a better deal somewhere else. We figured since the receipt didn't state anything about  lingerie (only sale merchandise and jewelry were FINAL sale) and we were just there 15 minutes ago, we decided to go back. After waiting over 15 minutes in the long line to talk to the cashier, Nathaniel, called over (whom we assume was the manager) and were told that lingerie usually cannot be returned but that she would allow it this time (exchange for credit/clothing) because we were just in the store for the purchase. We were just thankful that they allowed this. So we quickly grabbed a few shirts to cover the cost and walked back to the register. But as we approached, Nathaniel, with a smirk on his face, told us we would have to go back into the long line. We waited again for over 15 minutes just for him to exchange our things.I write this because I feel that customer service is incredibly important to a consumer and being in the marketing field in my own profession, I found this incredibly rude and unprofessional. Every store that knows and understands consumers, show gratitude and kindness. They allow loyal customers to return back without the wait. We will not be returning back to this store and would rather make our purchases somewhere else closer and more friendly, even if it costs more to go there.
1	Called to have them check for a dress, salesperson said he would call back,  he didn't.Six hours later I call again and ask again. The sales girl found the dress in the computer system, saying they had 5 in stock. When I asked her to go find it to make sure she insisted there was no need and that she would have it on hold when I came in.30 min later after a drive over from The strip, she says they don't actually have it. Terrible customer service here.
1	Do not shop here. If you want to make a return you will only get store credit even if you have a receipt. Ridiculous!!!  I guess it is the only way they can keep their sales up.
