4	I like this KMart.  I don't get to KMarts much because there aren't any near where I live so when I get a chance to stop in one I go.  I don't think they are as much cheesy, cheap, fun as they used to be back in the old days of my childhood, teens and young adulthood, back when you could get those cheap ham and cheese sandwiches (4 for a dollar I think?) and ice cream cones in the stores.  If you're looking for super cheap prices stick to Big Lots and 99 cent stores.  But KMarts have gotten in some cute baby and kids clothes over the last few years, and it's refreshing to see the holiday clothes they have because they are different and somewhat cuter than the same old, same old at Target and Walmart.  I saw no bargains in the stationary department, no cheap beer like Walgreen, no impressively low prices in food and coffee.  That's probably why I don't go back for a year.  But I still enjoy shopping here once in awhile, just for a change.My special find this trip was a package of self-threading needles in the small sewing section, longer than the ones I already have and therefore easier to grip and stitch with.  That alone was worth the trip in.  And a package of diaper pins, handy to keep around for odd jobs and you don't find them around much any more with everyone using disposables these days..Because I was here in mid-November they have a LOT of holiday stuff out, and have extended open hours.
3	It's K Mart, not bad just nothing special. Nothing really sets K Mart apart from any of the other conglomerates. Gotta shop here from time to time for MH exclusives so you'll see me busting out my Maverick patch & showing it off with pride
4	This Kmart has some pretty awesome prices right now on merchandise. I just bought a washing machine and a dryer, excellent deal on a Kenmore washer and dryer, the salesperson was very helpful, even assisted in helping me complete my purchase with the appropriate vents and cords. (had no idea the cord came separately!) The Associate who was helping me, however was chased down by another associate nagging him about a sign that was placed in the wrong spot, which I found irritating- this other guy was counterproductive and seemed to lack a "customer appropriate" filter as if he had worked there too long and didn't quite care who he irritated- coworker or customer. regardless, most of the staff were efficient, professional and nice people to do business with. This is the time to find some amazing deals at Kmart.
