5	This has been the first Salvation Army I have gone to since I've moved to AZ and OMG it's great! I've been to several Goodwill's and thought that they were just ok. Once I came here I asked myself why I hadn't done it sooner. I did notice that some of their furniture was a bit pricey, but everything else was a good shopping experience.
3	I love thrift shopping! Dang it, I can't help myself.  So many deals, so little time.  I was on this side of town doing an interview today, and saw it on the way in.  When I was driving home afterwards, I decided to stop in and see what they had.The store itself it neat, clean and extremely well organized.  No funny smell, lots to look at, plenty to choose from.  They have the usual assortment of clothing, couches, furniture, small ticket items like candles and coffee cups along with the usual selection of mens and womens clothing, shoes, handbags and the like.But here's where they lost points with me. For starters, like. Penny Lane X said, their prices here seemed high for a salvation army, and oddly priced at that.  Prices for some average tops were like $3.42, $5.42 and so on.  Usually their more like $1.99, $2.99, etc.  another example-I saw a Menorah there that was cute, but it was $45!!  really? I can get a new one in better condition for that price or less.  Then, I was talking to some other ladies there, and there were these odd glass things like hung on hooks, and we couldn't figure out what they were.  They were so odd.  Those for $50.  All 3 of us stood there and had no clue what they were for.  Confusing and odd.Plus,  there were such limited dressing rooms, and the few things I wanted to try on, the rooms were locked. Even though there was staff there, I couldn't seem to find someone to open the doors for me, so I just put my stuff on the rack and left, sadly.Overall, aside from the odd, and at times expensive pricing, overall a nice thift shop in a crappy part of town.
1	Scheduled a pick up for Dec 10th.  When I got home from work the items where still in the driveway.  A few hours later I checked again and the items were still in the driveway.  So I checked the SA website to see what had happened...  It showed the items had been picked up...  How could that be when I am looking at the items in my driveway?  If SA isn't able to make the pickup it would have been nice to get  a call to let me know they needed to reschedule or why they didn't pick my stuff up.
