5	Love this place...:)
3	My rating is for the Day Spa portion.  The treatment room for the Aesthetician is a little loud.  You can hear conversations and laughter from the hair salon portion so it may not be quite as relaxing and quiet as you would like for a facial.  The treatment room for the massage is quieter.  The Swedish massage I got was great, but the facial was just ok (Nothing great but no serious complaint).
5	Really enjoyed my facial on Wednesday.  Tricia was very knowledgeable about skin.  Discussed issues and combined two facial techniques to work on my particular skin issues.  Good pricing.  I will definitely return.
5	The only place in Vegas ill go for my nails. Tiffany the nail tech is so inventive and beyond creative. She has hundreds of styles she's come up with for all occasions. And she's very reasonable too. The salon itself is beautiful & being located in Town Square its very convenient. Every woman that's interested in high designed or just simple pink & whites go see Tiffany!
5	I just had my first ever Brazillian Blowout. I haven't been to a salon since I was really young because I had a really bad experience. Ever since then I've been cutting and dying my own hair.I scheduled the treatment to be done about a month in advance by a female stylist who works at the salon (I won't name her to be nice). I arrived for my appointment about ten minutes early and was informed she should be there shortly by the receptionist. After sitting for a while the receptionist told me that the stylist was on the phone and had been trying to get a hold of me. Turns out, she needed to reschedule my appointment because the supplies for the blowout were on back order and the salon didn't have any. She also told me they didn't do the blowouts on Wednesdays (the day my appointment was made for) at the Town Square salon so I'd need to drive to another location (rather far away) if I wanted it done sooner rather than later. As you can imagine, I was very frustrated. There was no attempt made to ever get a hold of me before my appointment and my schedule is very busy so it's hard to reschedule unless it's way in advance.LUCKILY, another stylist who also does Brazillian Blowouts was there! This review is actually about him. His name is Jonathan and he took me right on the spot because he felt so bad for all the inconveniences I was being put through. Turns out, it was such a blessing. He's so friendly and professional and made me feel totally at ease about sitting in a stylist's chair after so many years. If you're looking to get a Brazillian Blowout, I 100% recommend booking it with Jonathan!
3	Everyone here is nice and friendly and the stylist did a great job doing my hair.  I knocked it down two stars because of the price I paid.  I called the salon the same day I wanted to come in and was able to get an appointment.  I just wanted my hair curled for an event I had at night.  Over the phone the receptionist told me that if I wanted to curl my hair, the starting price would be $35 and a little more depending on the length of my hair.  I figured since I wasn't going to have my hair shampooed and/or blow dried and it was just a simple curl, it would be a fairly reasonable price.  I do have long hair, so I was expecting to pay a little more than $35.  When I got there, I discussed with the stylist what I wanted and she told me to get my hair curled and nothing else it would be $50.  It was quite the sticker shock.  I really wanted to like this place, everyone was friendly and the stylist skilled.  However, I can't justify spending $50 (not including tip) to get my hair curled.
4	I give Bea a 5!!! I have been going to Posare for at least 6 months now (as much as my hair can take what I give it!) Bea is amazing! Finally! Someone who is confident and can actually CUT AND COLOR! Going to get a mani/pedi...check in later....LOL  I am not Thaddeus...his wifey
1	This place is a scam. Breezy has poor customer service she'll hang up on you and show you no respect. I bought a groupon through her and booked the appointment in advance she waited for it to pass didn't call me or text me at all not even "As she was waiting and waiting for two hours" and now wants to charge me DOUBLE (as in $97) to make an appointment. Do not waste your time!
2	If you're interested in a Brazilian wax, go elsewhere. Was left with a lot of remaining wax on my skin, a lot of hair that could have easily been waxed off and no backside or tweeting was done at all. In all honesty and fairness, it seemed as though the lady was not comfortable performing a brazilian, which is totally ok, but I wish they would have said something prior or told me when someone would have been in that can perform one at better quality.
