5	Terrific lunch spot!  Their cubano sandwiches are excellent...and always go with the fries...skinny, perfectly made fries.  Their Mojitos and Caipirinhas are the very best in town...dinner seemed a bit overpriced, but the food is still excellent.  The other nice part of Latorres is that its in the heart of downtown, so plan a nice dinner or happy hour before heading out to hit some more classic bars, pubs or clubs in Charlotte.
4	Lunch is casual and reasonably priced. The Cubanos and shoe-string fries are great---not quite up to the level of what you can get in southern FL, but still pretty good for this area. Lunches are generally busy, but I've rarely had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.The dinner menu is much more expensive than lunch and the atmosphere changes...it's almost like two different restaurants. It's still not bad, though, and the food is so good that I think it's worth the extra cash. The Arepas con Cerdo appetizer is excellent...one of my favorite things in Charlotte dining. The few times I've gotten the fish it has been overcooked, so I generally stick to the land-animal entrees. Overall it's a really nice regular lunch spot, and a good place for an occasional dinner.
5	Yum yum yum!!! LaTorre's is one of my favorite lunch spots and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't been!  My personal fave is the Pollo Chipotle sandwich with skinny fries.  Their food is amazing and the prices aren't too bad either.I have a slight issue with LaTorre's and here it is:  Once upon a time, I asked for the Cubano sandwich but with NO mustard.  Well, Mr. Waiter kindly informed me that their sandwiches are pre-made and they are unable to alter them in any way.  Hmm...pre-made hot sandwiches that are deliciously devine?  I'm a skeptic.  After asking around, I found an inside source that said that their sandwiches are NOT pre-made but the managers/chefs say that so that they don't get overwhelmed with nit-picky custom orders by my fellow corporate cube monkeys during the lunch rush.  My point:  the next time you want your Cubano with no mustard or extra sauce, don't believe the hype and make them customize it for you!  By the way, my spy happens to be an employee so I know it's true.  All in all, this place is great.
3	The food is always good.  The service is always spotty from one visit to the next.  Pick your visits well.  When they start cranking the salsa upstairs, it can be a bit overwhelming!
3	I definitely dig Latorre's. Prime positioning right off Tryon St, so it's a great place to start your night (or grab some late night food if you're not too late) before hitting the bars. I love the food. If you go there, definitely try some of their options that aren't familiar to you--they do great stuff with fruit in their dishes (even meat dishes) and spices. I love their Chicken. It's a great place to go during the day, too, so stop by for a lunch that's surprisingly inexpensive. And if you're there on a weekend night, check out the dance floor (after a few drinks, it's easy to wander on out). Fun!
5	The food is good, but to me, the desserts are what really make Latorre's special. They do this crazy thing with burned sugar that is magical.They have great lunch specials. It's a little pricey for just me, but it's just right for a business lunch with a client. It makes you look smart and sassy and quirky and fun.There's lots of vegetarian options, which is always a good thing. Everything is presented beautifully, which is always fun. Some of the food seems almost too pretty to eat. Salsa night is also a good time. The crowd is relaxed and willing to teach a dorky newbie like myself. I've honestly never had a bad time here, night or day. Charlotte needs more places with so much character.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THEY SERVE SALMONELLA!!!Our dining experience at this restaurant was the worst I can remember!  We sat for over :15 minutes with no waiter and only after we went to the hostess did the waiter show up.I ordered what the waiter claimed was their "signature" dish, Paella Latorre.  It was served with ice cold mussels and the entire dish was less than warm.  I called over the waiter and explained.  :15 minutes later he returned with the dish and claimed the chef had "re-heated" it.  While the plate was hot the food was still tepid.  I called the waiter over again and told him.  He argued that he "saw" the chef reheat the food.  By this time, my business associate had almost completed his meal so I ate as much as I could and left about 1/3.We told the waiter that we expected the restaurant to do something about the check.  He returned with the credit card receipt and said there was nothing he could do.  We called the manager to the table and he refused to see our point and said there was nothing he WOULD do.The following week I contacted Blerim Meta, the General Manager of this restaurant as well as "Aquavina".  He has also refused to do anything and also refused to apologize for the terrible experience.AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!!  AVOID AQUAVINA!!
4	Salsa club moved next door, but restaurant closed on 08/15/2009.  I always wanted to try this place, I'm sad to see it go....
3	My friends and I were looking for a Salsa place to dance.  Thanks for the Yelp friends telling me this place.  We went there first time tonight.I'm talking about the nightclub upstairs.  I do not like downtown whether day or night.  But for having fun with friends, that's OK.We arrived around 9:30 pm, do not expect to find a spot on the street within 2-3 blocks.  With all one-way, it took me to park on 6th street.  Lot of parking space for $5.-  Closer to the nightclub will , we have already had to park at least two blocks away.  Some $10.- , some $7.50Warning:  Do not ever take a risk and leave your car on the street where it says NO PARKING.  We saw Policemen were very alert.  It was quick.  Within 15 mins, tow truck will tow 2 cars at the time.  I'm sure the owner returned would cry.  Valet parking available in many restaurants or clubs close by.  But not Latorres.They will check your ID.  I guess proof of age.As we entered before 10:00 pm, man paid $3.- and woman was free.  (My girlfriends said she saw after 11:00 pm, either man or woman will be charged $5.-)  I did not see that.  You need to find that out.Dancing hall is quiet large.  Not many sitting crouches or cushions.A free salsa dancing lesson starts at 10:00 pm teaching some basic footwork, perhaps for half an hour.It became so crowded starting from mid-night.   We had fun but there is no room for real dance.Lots of Latin music.  Most guests are of younger age group.  We had fun.  Very affordable.There is a large podium with no cover that smoking is allowed outside.
