2	You're an American, you know that in order to shop, you must go to a mall. Preferably a gigantic mall that has a parking lot twice the size of Manhattan and with tons of everything.This is that mall. But in French!Seriously, Montreal is somewhat bi-lingual but once you get north of the river, you're en francais-ville. Fine by me but it makes it hairy for some of my friends who get intimidated.Oh yeah, none of the stores are familiar either, so you have no idea what or where to shop. Awesome!
5	One of the best if not THE BEST mall in Montreal and surroundings.
4	Great shopping mall, conveniently located right beside the hotel Sheraton Laval for guests staying there. I liked the circular concept of the mall and how it felt as if I were walking down a trendy European street of boutiques rather than just another indoor mall. The design concept of this place is genius!Lots of great shops like Simons, Mango and RW & Co. A shopaholic can easily spend a whole day here. And when you're hungry, there's plenty to choose from in the classy food court. Seriously, one of the best-looking food courts I've seen in a mall!
4	I work down the street so I'm here way too often. It's a great place if you're there for the whole day. If you just want to run in and out, it's a bit too big for that. Lots of choice in the food court. Everything in one pit stop.
5	Best mall in Montreal area. Insane. Has everything!!!
4	This is the prime shopping centre in Laval and has everything from Apple Store to Banana Republic, Browns Shoes, Crate & Barrel, Starbucks, Williams Sonoma, Victoria's Secret etc. If you want to see hella busy (human version of an ant hill), come see the foodcourt here at lunchtime! This place is also a great place to come walk around or get the kids out of the house in the winter.  The garden/fountain area by Birks & La Swiss is a great place to come and sit down in a chair and relax/read a book!  A true hidden gem in the mall!
5	Wow I was shocked how beautiful this mall was when my sister took me out for the day.  Laval Mall, how can it sound like that and yet so upscale, I was blown away this place is comparable to nice malls in the States. An indoor street with boutique store fronts, benches and garbages in between, great experience.   There are beautiful sky lights with chandeliers taking advantage of the light. cosy lazy boys , real plants, water fountain, music playing throughout.     There are over 300 stores and anything you want you'll find they even have La Senza, Victoria Secret, and La Vie En Rose to cover lingerie  Valentine's needs.    The lunch court was well done with huge Granite slabs as tables for high tops with stools, there are booths, there are chairs and tables of many sizes, this place has options.  The food stands offer Real Metal utensils and real Glasses very environmentally friendly, yes they went Green. Their goal is to have Zero waste. The Food Court has an 88 percent reduction in waste when they made the switch to re usable dishes and utensils.  There are so many flavours to try in this food court, there's Greek, Lebanese, Japanese, Chinese, Asian, Pizza, Indian, Thai, Salads, Burgers, Rockin' Deli, Jugo Juice, You Decide.    There's Coffee: Van Houtte, Second Cup, Starbucks, Cafe Depot, Java U, don't want coffee? : David's TeaWant Chocolate Shops Sure Thing: Godiva, Laura Secord, Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory,La Confiserie Sweet Factory, Paysanne Gelato, La Cremiere.There is coat check/bag service, There are Stroller Rentals here, and wheelchair rentals, also you can rent a shopping cart. This place is Family Friendly theres a nursery room in the mall .Baton Rouge Restaurant, Portovino, Table 51,  and the Keg Steakhouse and Bar are here too.Yes this place is huge there's even a Rona Depot construction warehouse in it.  Worth Checking out this is what all malls should be like.
4	This place is by far my favourite mall in the Montreal area.  They have all the stores I like to shop at and then some.   The newer section has a very upscale feel to it and there is a large variety of stores.   The food court is your average mall food court but what's cool about it is that they use reusable dishes so they generate less waste.Parking here can be bad especially on weekends.  I find it best to go as soon as I get up in the morning because if you can get there before lunch you might actually get a decent spot.  Get there in the afternoon and you risk not finding any parking at all.  A few times I had to circle the entire mall for a spot and by chance found what must have been the last spot in the entire parking lot.
4	Probably the best mall in all of the surrounding Montreal regions. This place is huge and has a great selection of places to shop at. Furthermore, for many Quebecers, this is a place where we can shop AWAY FROM THE COLD WINTERS. You find a place to park your car and you can shop for hours confined in this huge shopping mall.This place is also conveniently location by the 440 and 15 highways.While this place has many things going for it, I'll state a few in particular that doesn't work as well :- This place is a victim of its own popularity. If you hate huge crowds on weekends or anytime during the holidays, this place isn't for you unless you plan to come here early in the mornings. The foot traffic in this place is ridiculous. X-Mas time from mid-November till mid-January? Insanity.- Parking needs to be improved. This place is huge and they have added more and more restos and the place gets more and more popular... the parking however? This is the main reason whether or not I opt to go visit this place or not. Oh, it's 3 PM and I want to go somewhere.... let me check Yelp if I can find another location nearby... or come back tomorrow at 10-11 AM. No way, I'm wasting 10 minutes to find a park my car or park at the end of the lot and walk 5+ minutes in the winter cold.- Try to leave here at 5 PM on weekends, I dare you. Expect to wait 15-20 minutes to get out of the parking lot... if you're lucky. No thanks.
4	Best place to shop in Laval, lots of boutiques. Love their new section, however on the weekend & holidays parking is a big problem!  Their Christmas decorations during the holidays are amazing!
4	My favorite mall in Montreal. A good selection of boutiques and a nice variety of restaurants in the food court.
5	This is one of the best mall I have seen. Its beautiful and always so clean.The middle of the mall is so beautiful with all the flowers and right now they have a huge cage with lots of birds.The good court is amazing and so diverse and I am sure will please even pickiest eaterLots of different stores as well
5	This is one of the best malls I've ever been to, and the only reason I don't like it is that it's nowhere near close to me!!I love the openess of the mall, the stores, the food court, and just everything!!Compared to your average mall in the states, this mall is above them all.If I'm ever in the area again, this is a definite stop.
