3	G.Y. is a pretty standard Chinese takeaway, as far as I'm concerned. Compared to the other takeaways in Marchmont, it kind of falls short. But that's very possibly only because Delicious Italian and Kasbah win best takeaway hands down. Located right next to Bohemia on Roseneath Place, it's in a pretty good spot. They do your usual stir-fries with veggies, with black beans and broccoli or, this one is one of my favourites, cashews. I've always thought putting nuts in food is a really good idea, and I've always felt a lot of sympathy for people with allergies who can't partake in this culinary experience. They have a couple of reasonably priced meal deals and your food always comes with prawn crackers. There are plenty of vegetarian, seafood and meat options here and the best thing, really, is the pricing. Apart from that, there're probably better Chinese takeaways you could go to.
3	G Y used to be my local Chinese take away, so I visited here quite often.I have to agree with Julia that on the surface this place is pretty standard. The menu is what you would expect (although the prices are pretty good). Apart from the free prawn crackers, nothing really strikes you as extraordinary about the food. However I have always found the staff to be exceptionally nice. I know this shouldn't sway me, but it does. The guy who is always behind the counter (I used to know his name) always used to chat to me about nerdy stuff, or just ordinary stuff like how my day had been. The food would also be served really quickly and efficiently. The second time I went back, they already knew my face.Average food, great service.
2	I really don't see the appeal of G.Y. at all. My friends go here all the time and rave about it, saying it's the best they've had and it feels really healthy. Either there's another one just around the corner which is awesome or they're just idiots, and I know which one I've got my money on. To be fair to G.Y. it looks like they try to make their food a bit less greasy than most other places but that's about it. Their dishes are so bland it's unreal, with a complete absence of any flavour whatsoever. It's not too expensive, but with food this boring no matter how cheap it is I won't be coming back.
4	Super friendly service, food made to order lightning quick, and highly competitive prices.  While the food may be modified for the local taste, it is nonetheless a great value and each container can feed 2 people.  There are days when you just don't want to cook and GY should be on your rolodex of take-away/delivery restaurants.  Living in the neighborhood, I've often passed by this tiny little store, which has a 'waiting room' no bigger than a breadbox.  Usually, at dinnertime, it's got 3 or 4 people waiting for their orders...that's why I ventured in and tried them.  I think with their service, especially, and pricing, I'll be back.
