5	All four of our current pets (2 dogs, 2 cats) are patients at Hopi and we couldn't ask for better care! My childhood cat, who passed away 4 years ago, was also a regular.  All have had various medical issues and currently, our oldest cat goes in once a week for IV fluids. The same two nurses take excellent care of him and from what I can tell, are happy to see him each time. Dr. Pruden genuinely cares about each animal that walks in that door, is thorough, friendly and personable. I 100% recommend her and value her opinion.
5	I knew something was wrong with our dog when he quit eating and then vomitted a few times.  I called Dr. Pruden who was doing surgery all afternoon, but she told me to being Rocky in and she would look at him.  Thank goodness I did because he had eaten a leather wallet and could have died.  Dr. Pruden operated immediately and she and her staff staying beyond closing time to male sure Rocky was stable enough to transfer to an overnight hospital.  Dr Pruden is the BEST vet we have ever had.  She genuinely cares about her patients, spends as much time as needed explaining things to the owners and always makes time to see Rocky was I call.  I would highly recommend Hopi to anyone looking for an excellent vet!!!!
5	Awesome!  They do amazing work - in fact saved a dog that had a life threatening pyometra and barely charged for the unknown medical condition.  I can't speak more highly about the vets here.  The place also smells great and there is rarely a line.  I do a lot of spays/neuters here - just full surgeries are more expensive than at other vets so we go elsewhere
5	This is a wonderful place to take your pets - they give outstanding care to your animals. All the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, and Dr Pruden is so gentle and caring. My dog has had valley fever for a few years now and she has kept me in the loop all the way, explaining all the options available, discussing everything fully and making sure I know what needs to be done and why. This is a place I would recommend to anyone who values who looks after their pet's health!!!!
