5	When I first needed new tires on my car, I came to this place and worked with a guy named Ryan.  I told him my price range and what I wanted, and for very cheap I had decent tires and new rims on my car!  A year later, I walked in needed some sort of something done on my car, and the guy remembered me by name and face, and even remembered what car (year, make, model, color, the whole bit) I had.  They installed quickly, and to their credit the things haven't fallen off yet. :)  I'm sure they did some other fancy things to them too (because I'll tell you every time I went to Discount Tire my car would shake if I went over 60, but when they installed them here it no longer did), but I couldn't tell you what they are/were. I was worried at first that I had been taken advantage of somewhere along the line, as females sometimes are in the car industry, but everyone I checked with said that I got a smokin' hot deal!  Everyone I've referred to them has also had great service and a great experience from them as well.  I will continue going to them whenever I need tires, that's for sure! :)
1	These people broke my stud and didn't replace it, citing "rust" that wasn't there.... and on top of that they recommended I buy wheel locks for EVERY single stud (when you only need one per tire).It wasn't until a few years later that I figured out that they duped me.  These people are jerks.
4	I've known Robert and the guys at Element for a couple years now. I've had Element mount tires for me, which is something I don't trust many people to do. Every other tire shop has given me back my custom wheels with damage... Not Element. My wheels came back in the same shape they were dropped off in, with the new tires mounted up leak free and balanced well.I've had at least 4 or 5 friends use Element for everything from tire/wheel purchases, to mounting/balancing and even suspension purchases and I've yet to hear a complaint. One of my friends trusts Element with his extremely rare Advan wheels (the only known set in North America), so that should tell you something.
1	Good pricing and informative website - that's about it.  Best to spend your hard earned cash somewhere else.I bought a set of wheels and tires for my BMW, plus a set of TPMS.  Their website advised that it would be a perfect fit.  Got the items in about 2 weeks.  Took me a couple of days to find out why I was getting knocking noise from my rear suspension after installing the wheels.  Apparently Element Wheels shaved the rims to fit my car but didn't also shave the concentric bore deeper.  There was a gap the thickness of a quarter that allowed free-play between the suspension hub and wheel - WOWl.  To top it off, the TPMS could never registered with the car - I bet they gave me the wrong model.  I asked for model# to cross-reference but they refused.I had to go get the rims fixed by myself.  I complaint, and asked for at least TPMS replacement, they swept me under the rug...never replied to my emails.Do yourself a favor and skip on this vendor.  It doesn't have what it takes to run a professional internet company.  Bunch of illiterate crooks.
5	Brought my Lexus GS 300 here to get new tires. Robert and Ryan were honest and super helpful by telling me that my front tires didn't need changing, just the rears.  I heavily recommend them for any wheel or tire needs because they are actually care about their customer vs trying to sell them things that they don't need.
5	I'd spent quite a bit of time looking for a wheel shop that dealt in higher end luxury vehicles and they seem to be very hard to find in Arizona. Luckily I found element wheels and this is exactly the type of shop I was looking for. They are more knowledgable than any other shop I'd spoken to and they knew exactly what I was looking for. They have a lot of name brand wheels on display which is refreshing because most shops in az carry cheap generic rims. If you have a nice vehicle you'd like to put wheels on this is the place to go.
5	Ryan was the best, I told him my budget an what look I was going for an he set me up perfect!! My Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland will be riding in style now! Highly recommend this shop!!!
5	Great place. The guys there are very knowledgeable and aren't selling u BS. The shop has a showcase of wheels u can look at and they can help u order what u want if its not there. If you need hub rings, lugs, lug locks, tpms or just the tire - they've got u covered! Call or stop by, u won't be sorry!!
5	The folks at Element Wheels have always been more than helpful and always pull through for me when I'm in a pinch.Good honest, reliable shop with KILLER PRICING to boot!
5	My old tires failed the yearly state inspection.  So, I took the opportunity to upgrade my wheels in addition to getting new tires.  I called around to several places and unfortunately most of the local vendors in my area (Merchants/NTB) could not offer me a quote on wheels and tires as a package.  I thought this was strange, but they claimed that they could only give me prices on tires.  Their loss, I suppose.I came across Element Wheels through an online search and was impressed by their really positive reviews.  I called and spoke to James who was incredibly nice and professional.  He took time to answer my questions and explain the ordering process.  The wheels/tires arrived about a week after I placed my order, very fast considering the wheels I wanted weren't in stock in his warehouse.Overall, I'd recommend Element Wheels to anyone looking for a positive experience.
1	I was happy when I first bought my rim package here now having problems worry a tire clld to c of they could do anything the jack ass I talked to had no clue what he was talking about. I really don't care what they can do now ill take my car else where
5	Just purchased a set of 20 inch vossen cv5 wheels from Robert at Element. Quick service to get them in as well. Also decided to get Hankook tires  because they had the lowest price in town mounted and installed. Customer service there are willing to go above an beyond to get you what you need.  Highly recommended to anyone an that is why my future business is to them. Thanks again Robert
5	I had an issue with my van shaking so I took it to the the Honda dealer (Gilbert) and they could not figure it out. They said we could try try a wheel alignment but were not positive it would fix my problem. They didn't seem know...so I decided to give ELEMENT WHEELS a call and they did a spin balance/ road force test on all 4. An hour later my van drives as SMOOTH as the day I bought it. GREAT JOB Element Wheels! Been using Element Wheels for the past 5 years and nothing but Excellent Service.
5	It's funny, I was all ready to tear this place a new asshole because I thought they sold me the wrong wheels for my E46BMW M3.  I wanted 20" wheels and found the stye I needed and gave Element a call.  Thinking I had done my research I knew what I wanted to pay for the wheels.  Ryan, the manager answered and told me that their regular price was lower than the bargain hunting prices I Had NEGOTIATED ON MY OWN!They promptly sent out my wheels.  All excited, I grabbed my buddy with a truck to follow me to the tire shop.  Trouble was finding tires what work with 20"s on a 3 series.  The installer told me the wheels were the wrong offset for M3.  I was pissed, having wasted a half a day trying to make all this work.I called Ryan, blasting him and his company for screwing up and wasting my time and money.  Calmly he sat there and listened until my rant was over and said...Look, were going to make this right for you if you allow me to.We then double checked all the offsets etc. and came to the conclusion that the wheels were correct, but the issue was with my tires.  The store didn't have, nor never even heard of the correct sizes.    The entire problem was of no fault of Element whatsoever and was the sole screw up of the tire shop that had no clue how to fit shoes on an M3.Ryan not only rushed me the correct set of tires at a great price, he even paid for the installation elsewhere for me because of what I had gone through with the incompetent tire man.All and all, Element went far beyond what any establishment needed to do to try to keep an on-line customer happy, that was many miles away.I would recommend them wholeheartedly.  They are a top-notch, ultra-professional company that knows what they are doing.  I read some of the terrible reviews on here and wondered to myself what universe they were in where this company I had dealt with would not make their issue right.  Did they even try?Do not hesitate to use this company.  The customer service is off the charts as far as I'm concerned.
5	Awesome team at Element!  I called for jeep grand Cherokee wheels (hard to find bolt pattern) and they were extremely knowledgeable when it cam to what would fit and what would not.  I had an idea of the wheel I wanted and Ryan told me the size to buy and the offset he recommended.  Needless to say they look fantastic!   One of the wheels had a little blip in it and Ryan had a replacement in the mail.  Very happy to deal with Element wheels again!!!!
5	This is an honest review from a real customer. I was very skeptical about ordering wheels online, period!!!!!!!! Will they arrive damaged? Will they fit? Will the TPMS sync? So i took the plunge, Element had the ONLY wheels I wanted at the price I wanted. the wheels arrived in two business days, on a freight truck, packed great, no damage, clean and just awesome. I put them on took it for a ride and IT DRIVES LIKE STOCK!!!!!!!! Even though my wheels are two inches bigger.. I am just blown away. My sales rep James did everything he said he would do and i used my Home Depot card to buy tools, I am very , very happy and hate to write reviews but for this I had to, Great job Element!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
