5	I only go to kyklops for my tattoos. I go to ther female artist Erin. I've gone to her 5 times now and she's fabulous. prices are fair and I tip her well because she's a talented artist. it feels like a friendly atmosphere everytime I go. from what I've seen the other artists are just as great as she is. they also do piercings here. I bought a nose ring here back in the day. I wish I didn't have to wait to visit Pittsburgh to hit up this amazing shop.
2	I had a pretty negative experience here.  I was told that my design was "about the worst design possible," which was condescendingly explained as being because I wanted it to have a circle in it, but "the human body isn't flat."  Really!!! The human body isn't flat!  No way!  I'm pretty sure I've seen a lot of people with circles in their tattoos before.  I have a tattoo on me already that was at least as complicated as the design I brought in to cyclops that they essentially refused to do.  I appreciate that the artist I talked to was honest about what he thought would happen if he tried it, but given that there are about 100 other places on carson to get tattoos I was surprised that he was so rude.  I definitely would have been thankful for expert advice about how to improve the design, but we didn't get anywhere by him simply deriding it.  I also appreciate that a tattoo salon is not a department store where every employee is always expected to be cheerful and respectful, but my previous tattoo was done by someone much less apparently put upon when asked to try a challenging design.  In the end I'm glad that I didn't get tattooed here, because I wouldn't want someone that treated me that way stabbing me with needles.  I give them two stars instead of one though because the place was very neat and clean, and the example art on the walls looked pretty good (but to my inexperienced eye equally as complicated, if not more so, as what I wanted but was refused).  I guess if you really don't care how you are talked to and you want art that is their specialty, it would still be an ok place to go.
5	Great service! I called in yesterday the person who answered the phone was super nice and welcoming! And then I went in not even thinking it was Friday the 13th I just wanted my septum peirced got it done by Doria I believe is her name! She's awesome knows her stuff I think she said she was an EMt at one point ! Then they said 13.00 tattoos with a 7 $ tip! 20.00 so I went upstairs Doria she got me signed up with Erin and she did a key for me where my one other tattoo was at on the inside of my arm, the beginning of my sleeve I do believe !  Go there !!! They r awesome and hang other artists work up as well !! Maybe I I get lucky I can squeeze some of mine on the wall! :-)! Satisfaction
5	I had checked out Kyklops at the recommendation of a friend, who had gotten work done by Erin. I've since gone to Erin specifically for three of my tattoos, and will definitely go back for future ones! The artistry is much better in comparison to my first tattoo elsewhere - no shaky lines, beautiful shading, and willing to help you refine your vision. Place is clean, professional, and comfortable (sitting for an hour or more doesn't feel like so long at all!) and the staff is friendly. Prices are incredibly reasonable, and the quality of work (from Erin, as well as what I've seen from other artists there) is fantastic!
5	I just got a tattoo by Jason. Beyond anything I could have hoped for. Went in with a sketch, and knew exactly what I wanted, and he delivered. It's beautiful. I will go again. Beautiful, clean, environment. Walked in without an appointment, and got great service.
5	A couple weeks ago I got my Christmas present here! I just walked in and they were busy but still Jason took the time to look at a sketch, then sat down at a table and drew my tattoo. It was so impressive. The tattoo turned out beautiful. I haven't had any complications. I will be returning for more.
5	I had gotten a tattoo from here about 3 years ago. I wanted another one and I remembered how clean this place was so this was my first choice. Upon walking up, Pete (one of the artists) was outside and I showed him what I wanted. He said he just needed a few minutes to draw it up and to come back shortly. When I returned, he was ready to go and it was exactly what I wanted. He was super friendly and professional and the shop is clean with lots of artwork on the walls and on display. The price was really reasonable and I am very happy with the outcome. I definitely think this is the best shop in South Side!
1	To begin, I'd like to start off by saying that I was really impressed with the shop at first. It's clean, it's colorful, they've got cool art, and they've got a ruleboard that explicitly says you have to be sober. I thought that was awesome, 'cause it showed professionalism and seemed like the perfect place to get something done. I was so ready to get a tattoo here....And then I spoke to the artist.I wanted to see what his advice was for a tattoo touchup, and get a general price estimate. Sounds totally reasonable, right? WRONG. Apparently, by asking for a price quote (to compare with other tattoo rates), I was rude and out of line. He then informed me that, if I were to leave and come back, he would assume that he was the cheapest and that he would increase the amount. Yes, you read that right: I would basically be charged extra just because I wanted to make sure I was making a financially-informed decision.The shop was cool, but this guy was a jerk. Totally not worth it. Kind of a shame, because the artists who were under him seemed like they might be cool and talented... And as a side note, even those guys looked a little uncomfortable with their bosses behavior.Go somewhere else. Their rates aren't the best, and the behavior I encountered was totally uncalled for. Seriously, the best work in the world couldn't justify paying to sit in a room with this guy for a few hours.Edit: I just remembered something else he said to me. After he told me he'd increase the price if I left and came back later, he informed me that, "[He] doesn't really care. [He's] not starving for business." Clearly he doesn't care about his clients if that's his attitude on people who come into his shop... Just sayin'.
5	A place I trust for my piercings and tattoos. The head piercer is extremely professional and made me feel relaxed. I was even impressed how he was sterilizing the room while I was paying and signing papers. Have step by step guides for how to take care of your piercing and always willing to take phone calls with any questions.Erin Hosfield did my first tattoo and it turned out even better than I expected. A wonderful tribute to my grandmother. All the artists have samples in the shop and online to check out. Great step by step guide on tattoo care and willing to answer any questions.
5	Kyklops is amazing, and everyone there is extremely professional and they all give off warm, good vibes. I started driving over an hour from my tiny hometown to come here in 2010, and Evan did my first tattoo-- a gorgeous pin up in space based on art by Bill Randall.  I've been back lots of times for a reason (Kyklops is the best, duh)  and I've also been tattooed by Jason a lot. Really I recommend everyone there, they each have their own style and they've set the bar so high for my expectations of other places. The interior is very clean, everything is sterile and you can even watch them set up for your tattoo. Decor is good and it's nice, comfortable and inviting. Setting up appointments has been easy. I had my nippys pierced recently by Paul and he was professional + talked me into a relaxed state during prep for the piercings. It went perfectly and they've healed with absolutely no problems whatsoever. They're straight as an arrow, too. For both tattooing and piercing here, clear and good advice is given for aftercare and you can buy the products you need right in the shop if you don't already have them. Kyklops crew is made up of talented, genuine and amazing professionals!
5	I love Kyklops! Daria is the best! My nose was pierced incorrectly at another shop and Daria replaced the nose ring and fixed it up. Prices are cheap compared to the place I went in Philly. After I got a mild infection in my nose piercing, Daria fixed it up and gave me tips to take care of it. I'm not going anywhere else for my piercings now that I've found Kyklops!
5	Hallelujah! Finally. I've been here and there and everywhere looking for a tattoo spot I can return to! I am not in denial I know that some of my tattoos Are below par. But hey you live and you learn. So I was told by numerous people to check this place out and see this guy Richie that I went to school with. So I found him on Instagram and his work was so colorful and crisp and clean. I set something up and went in. I wound up changing my mind on the design and felt I was a terrible customer but he was awesome and dealt with me and was really friendly. Some tattoo artists get annoyed with stuff like that or they can be awkward and silent while doing the tattoo, luckily there was absolutely NONE of that there! I had a great time considering the whole tattoo pain thing lol. Clean, friendly, and nice atmosphere. Great mellow music. I loved it will most certainly go back. I will also highly recommend this place.
5	I've had two experiences here and they have both been spectacular. Both Richie and Erin are super professional and did great work. Also I am from out of town and they managed to fit me in same day within an hour of me showing up. They never over charge either. Great place, quality work. I'll always go here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
