3	3.5 rounding down.I really enjoy the Grandview Buffet at Rivers Casino, but I'm sometimes disappointed.  The salad bar is absolutely wonderful!  Everything has always been fresh and crisp. The whole thing is set up in stations divided by cuisine - Italian, Mongolian, Asian, American, salad and dessert bars. The Italian station has been hit or miss (miss more often than not), dried out pasta, stale breads, the only thing I've ever liked from the Italian station has been the broccolini, but it's not always available. The Mongolian station has the friendliest employees by far and the food is always fresh and tasty and you can pick you own sauces and how much you want on your dish which is always a plus! I've never really sampled anything from the Asian bar because I'm such a fan of the Mongolian, but it has more prepared dishes rather than fresh. The American bar has spiral mac 'n cheese (meh), potatoes, meats, grilled veggies which are fantastic when they're not charred, and CRAB LEGS!!!! They';re not the greatest but they are substantial and I've been known to put away a plate or two! I skip the desserts, they may look pretty but I haven't found any that I'm fond of, then again I don't have much of a sweet tooth.
4	I love the grandview buffet for the Asian Wok! The noodles and vegis on the Wok are amazing!
4	This is a very high-end / gourmet(almost anyway) kind of buffet in the style of the kind of buffets you'd find in Las Vegas in the casinos, there .Very tasty decadent indulgent dishes of every kind.  Different line-ups by the night or week, I believe.  The price is high.  I think it's up to $25 .  This is at least twice what any other buffet in PGH. costs.  A bit out of the way, as well so, you really have to be a buffet person , I spose.Go do it if you haven't   !
2	It's a buffet, so preparing for masses can only leave so much care.  The truth is if you are coming here for anything other than quantity you will probably be disappointed.  They have most of the main stations, American, seafood, Mexican, Italian, seafood and desserts.  The service is great, but the best feature is the view.  You can see all of the river and even sit out side on a nice day.
3	Oh heck yes!!  I have heard about this buffet for the past couple of years, but since I was not 21, I was not able to go.  Well lets just say it is the best food $20 can get you in Pittsburgh.  The reason it did get a star knocked off was for the staff.  We came with a larger group for my birthday, and I understand that you may be not ready at all times for a group over 10 people to walk through the doors, but come on.  Do not have your hostess get sassy and rolling her eyes, and do not throw us up against a wall to wait in the middle of the way for 15mins.  And please oh please do not suggest to a family that is celebrating a birthday that you may need to be split up.  Now that we got past those regards... Food time:There were so many different stations of food.  I was shocked by the "brunch" they had.  I figured it would be breakfast type items.  Never did I imagine to see prime rib, BBQ grilled chicken, and Mongolian Wok being served for brunch!  It was all very delicious.  They even had sushi!  Though honestly I have had better sushi at some cheap Chinese buffets, but still it was edible.  When it comes to food, I don't have much to complain about.Desserts were great too!  So many options, and so many of them were plated in smaller portions, so you could try every single one if your heart desired!Like I said, other than the choppy beginning with the wait staff all rolling their eyes at us trying to stay out of the way and rearranging the tables ourselves to make due, it was a great time.  I wanna come back for the seafood special!!
3	The buffet costs $20 including a soft drink. Good selection of foods that range from average to better than average. Nothing outstanding. Main courses ranged from pastas, Chinese, Crab legs and salads.  Crab legs are snow crab. Lots of work. Some of the Chinese food was good. Steamed dumplings were good. Ribs needed more spices and some sauce on the side. Some of the pasta was good, some did not look worth tasting. "prime"rib was cooked properly and pretty good for a buffet.  Deserts were good. Warm chocolate cake was tasty. Creme Berle was good. Gelato was not outstanding but pleasant.
3	This place always gets rave reviews from everyone around, but really the food quality is really similar to many other buffets...average.  One thing that this place does have going for it is the sheer number of food items available, wow.  I would say that the best part of it is the salad bar, it is not you standard salad bar, there are many many items for your salad and a lot of untraditional options as well.  Hot food was ok, but nothing is very good after sitting under heat lamps for very long.The wait staff I would have to say was very very pleasant.
4	Yesterday after my bf and I had some good soul food at church, we ventured to the Grandview Buffet with friends of ours for brunch. For some reason, I have been to every restaurant at the casino EXCEPT for the buffet, and I definitely wasn't disappointed. There were so many different options to pick from and there was something for everyone. The crab legs were exceptional, and I was a fan of the Italian fritatta (reminded me of my uncles making it for a family breakfast feast) along with the healthy veggie options everywhere! I would definitely go back, but maybe not until I work off the 5 pounds I gained yesterday!! :)
3	It would be five stars, but it isn't as good as it used to be.  I once told friends it was the best buffet within a 100 miles of Pittsburgh, but now I tell them that they might as well go to Golden Corral and pay half the price!  Currently, the highlight of the buffet is the dessert section.  The hot foods and salad bar used to be equally as good.  It's worth a try, but you'll see what I mean.  A warning for anyone thinking of going on a holiday, expect as much as a 2 hour wait to get seated.
5	Awesome seafood buffet. Hot and cold crab legs, shrimp, etc. Big fan, tons of options. We were there on Friday night and there was no line and not a big crowd. The salad bar could be better, but the crab was sooo good...
2	Awful service. Mediocre food.I was dining alone, and I asked for a table.  The lady who seated me put me in a completely empty section, and told me she'd bring my drink.  I went to the buffet.  When I returned, no drink.  I had to go hunt down a waitress to get my drink.The food was slightly below the quality you get at Golden Corral.  For $30, you would expect a really good buffet, but the food was tepid, over cooked, and largely bland.  The deserts were fair.I cleaned my first plate (it didn't have much on it to begin with) and went for a bit more.  My dirty plate remained on the table the entire time I remained in the buffet - nor was my drink ever refilled.  More people had been seated in my section by that time, but I guess nobody told the waitress who was helping them, cause she ignored me and my attempts to get eye contact.Finally, enough was enough.  I left, without any tip.2 stars only because the food was edible.
5	Finally, a buffet that's within city limits. There are different food stations: Italian, Mongolian, Asian, American, BBQ, a large salad bar and a kick ass desserts station. I think the food was great. Even though the pizza was good, I did not care for the Italian food because it was all starches and no meatballs. The dining area was very classy, like I was eating at an expensive restaurant and not at a Golden Corral. I've told a couple of my friends about Grandview Buffet and I will definitely be back.
4	If you want to eat a lot this is the place to go-come hungry!  The price is very reasonable and I recommend the Sunday brunch which is $19.99 and includes all you can drink bloody Marys or mimosas.  On our last visit we went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon before a Pitt game. You do often have to wait in line to get in and pay (pay when you enter) but the line usually goes pretty fast.  The lunch was $14.99 which includes a non alcoholic beverage.  You have so many options including a soup/salad bar-my favorite and the items are always fresh. Then there is an Asian and Italian station.  You can make your own stir fry.  There is also American station (awesome meat carving station) and of course the desserts-save room.  They have gelato, cupcakes, warm chocolate chip cookies and many other tasty treats.  This is great for large groups!
3	If you are hungry, this is the place to be.  Located on the 2nd floor of the Rivers Casino, Grandview Buffet features a wide-variety of food at a decent price.  Most of my adventures in gluttony are for the Sunday Champagne Brunch, 22 bucks for all-you-can-eat and drink, choice of mimosa or Bloody Mary.  My favorite options during the Sunday Champagne Brunch are the salad bar, pastries, and the carving station.  You cannot leave this brunch without dirtying at least 4 plates.  And if you are looking to get more bang for your buck, ask for champagne only instead of a regular mimosa.Grandview Buffet also features holiday brunch options and a Seafood Brunch.  I usually have only had to wait on Sundays, but it's never long.  Player's Club members get a few dollars off all brunch options!
5	When I get really hungry I get cranky. I was ready to eat prob 2 hours before we even went to stand in line. The plus side is that we had 2 free dinners here. We gave our drink order at the register then were led to out table which was a booth on one side and chairs on the other the booth part faced the river. Once showed our seats it was time to dig in. There are so many choices here. BBQ, Mongolian, Italian and more. I started off at the BBQ area and worked my way around. I can't say there was one thing I had that I just didn't like. It was all quite good. I love the Mongolian station. It's such fun to watch the guys cook. It might just be that I was so hungry everything tasted good or it might be that it was just that good. I don't think we actually had much of a conversation during dinner because I was more interested in food then my Bry. Our waiter was everywhere. If there was an empty plate it was removed right away. If a glass got low there was a new one before it was empty. He was also very friendly and made the experience enjoyable. This is a place I will definitely come back to. I would love to try there mimosa breakfast.
5	Yassssssssss!That's the word that comes to mind when someone brings up going here. $20 gets you all the food you could ever imagine plus free mimosas, bloody Mary's or beer. Come on now, what's bad about this?I'm always skeptical of buffet food. I'm nervous that will not be fresh. Everything I've tasted here tastes like it was just made. The food is full of flavor, not bland because it was made in bulk and the selection is huge. To me, it's comparable to any Vegas buffet I have been too.The view is amazing. I love being able to sit outside and eat, although it makes the walk to the buffet longer, that only means you're burning more calories to eat.The drinks are always good. Never too watered down. The last time I was there the waitress made it's point to make sure we go, "turnt up" as she put it.Make sure you bring your players card for a discount. And make sure you bring your appetite and maybe wear sweatpants.
2	The staff was very efficient, friendly, and attentive.  The space is very nice.  Unfortunately the food was a huge disappointment.I had the lunch buffet during an average Saturday afternoon, and was underwhelmed with all phases of the food stations.   Nothing was really 'good', although most items were 'passable as a food like substance.   At almost $19 including soft drink and tip, the Grandview Buffet simply falls way short in the flavor department at that price point.I was especially disappointed in some of the 'cold' options, that looked great, but were huge misses.  The marinated mushrooms were simply horrific tasting.  My lunch mate and I agreed that we would rather risk death by eating wild mushrooms we gathered in the woods then place another buffet mushroom near our lips.  There was a tomato, feta, onion, and eggplant (I think) salad that look awesome, but had little or no taste at all.  Also, there was a very interesting looking couscous and barley salad, that simply tasted like someone squeezed lemon juice all over it.   Do yourself a favor and take your lunch $20 downstairs to Ciao for a sandwich and a 22oz Yeungling.  Then take your left-over Fiver, put it on lucky number 26 at the Roulette table, and if Luck be your Lady you will be having a steak diner at Andrews.
5	My favorite place to eat!!! Closest buffet to Vegas. My husband and I look for any excuse to eat there: )
3	We have visited this buffet twice now.  One successful visit.  The other not.On our first visit, we were surprised to find over 100 people in line.  Well, it was Easter Sunday.  Folks waiting with us said that the line was nothing, it was usually a lot longer.  And wouldn't you know, by the time we got to the front of the line, there were over 200 people in line behind us.  Western Pennsylvanian's do like a good buffet.The interior furnishings are already starting to show wear.  The seats of many of the chairs are fairly worn and needs to be replaced.  Service here was fairly attentive considering the huge crowd.  And they keep your mimosas and bloody Mary's glasses full the entire time.  And crab legs for everyone.  Apparently, they were everyone's favorite.  For me, I was all about the peel and eat shrimp.  They were incredibly tasty and I couldn't get enough!  Another win win for me was the salad bar.  Very fresh, good dressings and toppings.  I went back a couple times.  As for the hot dishes, some were meh.  A little favor less, others a little cold.  The ham was great, the prime rib was a little rare for my taste.  But the dessert bar?  OMG, lots of tiny little yummy choices.  I wanted to take one of everything!  And what about our unsuccessful visit?  That was on Mother's Day.  And everyone was taking their Mother to the Grandview Buffet.  They had to be over 300 people in line!  So, we went elsewhere.  If you are going on a holiday, it's probably a good idea to go early!
5	Personally, I think that this is the best buffet in the Pittsburgh area. Every time I come here the service is great, and the food is amazing. They have everything you could ever want as far as the food goes, with many different sections - Italian, Mongolian, American, Barbecue, Asian and the best dessert bar you could ask for. At the salad bar, that's where you can find many of the hidden gems of the buffet. Many great different pasta salads, the shrimp cocktail, and the buttery buns are all located there.They have a great selection of sushi, and all the sauces you could ask for. The crab legs are always scrumptious of course.At the barbecue bar, you'll find many traditional favorites.. Mac'nCheese, ribs, and the pork loin are super good.The ambiance is great for a buffet as well, located on the highest floor of the casino, with a wall full of glass windows showing the great view of Pittsburgh.If you've never been and like buffets, GO!!
5	I'm a buffet person. It's a great way to mix up your favorite foods as well as try new things. The Grandview Buffet allows you to do all of this and more with their countless choices and speedy service. The buffet is nothing short of amazing. With various stations including BBQ, Italian, Mongolian and Asian, there is definitely something that will satisfy your hunger. Everything is kept up to temp and they do a great job at refilling things when need be. Some of my favorite items include their meatballs, coconut shrimp, crab legs and turkey. Another awesome part of the buffet is their salad station. They're always changing up their speciality salads so you can try something new each time you visit. Last night they had a mouthwatering pasta salad using tortellini and an interesting chicken and rice salad. So good! Try their cole slaw as well! I loooove when vinegar is used and they make it perfectly. Now on to the desserts. OMG. The best! Cookies, cake, ice cream, puddings... the list goes on! Prices are a little expensive ($22/person), but it's well worth it. Try the Sunday champagne brunch as well! For the same price and pretty much the same food with added breakfast items, it's all-you-can-drink mimosas, beer and Bloody Mary's.
5	The best buffet in the city of Pittsburgh. No kids allowed. Food is fresh and there's so much variety. I love the desert bar and gelato. They keep it very clean and its worth every penny. Sunday's they have free mimosas and they are delicious. This is a place u must try. Gets busy when there's a Steelers game so beware.
3	I've been here 5 times now. I recommend Sunday brunch much more than their dinner. Not that their dinner is bad but brunch is better with breakfast and regular food options and you get bottomless mimosas. Soooo who is to complain!? It's a bit pricey but if you like variety that's great. I love the crab legs. You can a stir fry dish made or a build your own pasta. I will say some of the food is bland or might not be as hot as you would like but this is kind of to be expected when going to a buffet and when you know you can do build your own dish options you can get piping hot food too. Also this is one if the only buffets I will even consider eating the sushi. And their sushi is good ! Give it a try!
1	Expected a lot more from a restaurant in the casino. This place is just a small step above a golden corral. They have different stations, Mongolian, Asian, Italian, and BBQ. The food sits out so long it's dried out and tasteless(except for all the salt ). Nothing tasted good
1	My wife & I visit the Rivers Casino every 4-6weeks...always starting-off our evening at the Grandview Buffet, mainly for the crab-legs. Over these last several months, we have discovered a trend, dealing with the crab-legs they are serving, to be, well, a lesser & lesser quality. We are no stranger to cracking crab-legs around town and even at casinos around the country, so we do know what we're talking about. The rest of the buffet fair is what you would find anywhere: some good, some bad, some fresh, some dried-out, but like I said - we are there for the crab-legs.   My complaint: if you're going to serve second-rate crab-legs, don't charge a first-rate price...or at least be honest - let your customers know that your items aren't in the first-rate class, and not have them discover that on their own...after they paid upon entrance.
3	Typical price for a casino buffet. The staff was friendly and quick with refills & removing dirty plates. The food was good but selection seemed limited ( what buffet doesn't have fried chicken ). The prime rib, kielbasa,  halved red potatoes,  and green beans were definitely the stand outs on the buffet. The pizza was lackluster, seemed on par with CiCi's.
