5	I have to say, I was a little leary about hiring a painter....that I knew nothing about.......I live 120 miles away, and needed to hire painter site unseen..... not the best way, but necessary.Mr. Gutierrez offered not only good and reasonable pricing, he was able to give recomendations not only from previous clients, but also the people at Sherwin Williams.  The Sherwin Williams people knew and gave him a wonderful reference.He was also able to start.....right away.We, myself and my family, were able to use the Sherwin Williams site's visulizer to agree on a paint color for our house.  Due to his professionalism and courtesy, I was able to save the 240 mile round trip to the paint store to pick out colors and pay for the paint directly.  The only deposit that he required.  This service alone, was enough to recomend Mark 5 Painting, but with the schedule of myself being 120 miles away, and my daughters as full time students at UNLV, Mr. Gutierrez was able to make his schedule work with ours, and he and his crew did a fabulous job.  I highly recomend, and commend Mr. Gutierrez for going above and beyond the call of duty, for a customer he never saw, until the job was done!  Hoo....rah!Sincerely,Natalie Spicer.................One happy  Customer :)
5	I was also an out of town client. Mike gave me a competitive price and was able to start the job right away. I like how he made the job arrangements. 1st he quotes the job and tells you to expect a call from the paint store.  He sends a message letting you know the paint store will call (about the time the store calls). 2nd. The store calls and gives you the price of the paint and collects payment over the phone. 3rd. Mike deducts the price of paint from his quoted fee and you pay him the difference. With this approach you know a lot about the job. The real deposit for the job is truly the cost of materials, not a made up number. Plus, if you cancel the job, you know you bought the paint and not a mysterious fee. The work was good too. I had a quality painter who started on time and did good work.
5	I highly recommend Mark 5 Painting! They work fast! Great reasonable prices and there work was amazing! We had a color in mind for the house and Mark gave us his professional input on doing two tone accents on certain areas of the house, We took his advice and it turned out great! We had a vision in our mind of the final outcome and they went above and beyond our expectations HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Don't look any further!  Honestly.  Mark 5 will do an incredible job.  I had a painter lined up who cancelled at the last minute.  After looking into getting someone else late in the day on Thursday, I was lucky to find Mark 5.  Mike (The Owner) and team were at my house at 6:45am (As Promised) on Saturday morning and did one hell of a job. Honest people to work with, fair pricing, and incredible attention to detail.  Mike and team take great pride to ensure that everything was done to our satisfaction.  I am looking forward to having them out in another month to finish my next painting project.  It's great to find a company that you can trust your home too.  Peace of mind is important, and their quality of service will surly surpasses your expectations as they did mine.
4	I am an out of state customer. I wanted my rental property painted ASAP. Gave him a call. He took a look and gave a  price. I usually get at least 2-3 bids, so his prices are good. I paid for the paint and he started working on my house and was done in 2 days. Mike is fuuny and his guys are cool. Young guys working hard to make money. Good to see that! And they did a great job.Why 4 stars instead of 5? Well, his prices are good -  I want dirt cheap prices to give a 5 star. Plus, 4 Stars = Yay! I'm a fan. People are giving out too many 5 stars.
5	We needed the inside of our new home completely painted.  We were extremely pleased by the work done by Michael and his team.  They did exactly what they had committed to in the time they said it would take.  The finish product is wonderful.  I would very much recommend them to anyone that needs painting work done.
5	Michael, the owner, is a truly upstanding guy.  I've done business with him and he's helped me improve my business and made a difference in my company's bottom line.
5	Great people, professional and nice. Did a fabulous job at my house with affordable price. Highly recommended!!!
1	Mike didn't return the phone call on a timely fashion like he said he would, we had to call him to remind him of our conversation, he then setup an appointment that he no showed. Save your time, something that you'll never be able to replace once its wasted!!! This fiasco just set us back a week to move-in to our new home. LAME!!!
5	Real reviewer:Edwin came to my home to repair drywall that was damaged due to a leak in the attic. All I can say is WOW!! This guy was great!! Look no further for a great  handyman!! Really really fair price and quality work!! I'll be recommending his services to everyone I know!! Thanks Ed!
5	We just had Lee's painting paint the entire interior of our brand new house. They did an amazing job! Michael was so easy to communicate with, shook hands on a price and the guys didn't leave until the job was perfect. The crew was great, very respectful of us and our home. I started to hate the paint and was texting Michael all day on a Sunday. He was patient and understanding and was willing to do whatever needed to make us happy (not for free, but not once did he seem annoyed that I might actually have them repaint the entire house!). They painted a perfect orange stripe in our son's room and it looks amazing!  They also removed a towel bar/patched the holes and fixed a light switch plate.  Once the job was finished, the house looked great! I wouldn't hesitate to use them again and I would definitely recommend them to others!
5	These guys did a great job at a fair price.
5	I found Lee's Paining & Drywall (otherwise known as M5 handyman) on Yelp. Michael, the owner, was easy to work with and communicated often/as needed both before and during the project. Michael quoted us a fair price, got started immediately (and even worked Saturday and Sunday). His team did a great job on our home, and made sure that we were completely happy with everything before they finished. I actually liked having the crew there because they were all really down-to-earth and likeable guys who just happen to paint much better than I could..  Oh, they all love dogs which made our life easier as well. In another post, Ray G. explains the process of how Michael works out the payment/paint costs.
5	My husband and I bought a house recently and we only had a few days before the furniture was coming and we wanted it painted.  Michael came to meet us and give a quote.  We ended up choosing him and we could not be happier.  The process was painless and our house came out great.   Like others have said you pay for the paint as a deposit and you pay him the difference at the end of the job.  Excellent communication throughout the process. I could not believe how fast they were able to get the job done. Highly recommend them!
5	I'm a homeowner/landlord in Las Vegas (North Side). My HOA struck last week and served me with a violation notice because the "wrought iron railing" above the main entryway door was unsightly and needed to be repainted. After a frustrating 3-day search for a company to take on this small repaint job I ran across this company. After leaving a message I received a call back within 5 minutes. They said they would complete the job the next day and the price quote was very reasonable. I recommend this company and will definitely contact them again in the future for smaller scale paint jobs and handyman work.
