4	Eddie Merlot is a new restaurant downtown near the Gateway station. I work in that building and was lucky to be a guest at their grand opening. My review is for that grand opening and not a typical sit down dinner.Eddie Merlot put out a wonderful spread of food ranging from seafood, cheeses, desserts, breads, and meats including beef and pork. I'm a big seafood fan, so I decided to stick mainly to the seafood options. The shrimp cocktail was HUGE and fresh and the cocktail sauce had a nice quick to it. The calamari was tender and perfectly fried (not drenched in oil). The ahi tuna wontons were equally delicious. The lobster bisque was creamy and rich and had small chunks of lobster meat.I definitely left feeling like I would come back for lunch and/or dinner.The only downside of the experience is that I'm not a fan of the decor. I personally find it to be too busy. But it's a new brand restaurant, large, open and clean.
4	I recently had lunch at Eddie Merlot's downtown with 5 of my co-workers and i couldn't believe the interior.  Neither could my co-workers!  We have been in this restaurant space during many of its previous restaurant incarnations, (E.g., Palomino's, Elements, etc...) and we couldn't believe how much lighter the space seemed.  Definitely an improvement on the previous decor.  Additionally, the wait staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.Now, on to the food....  I had the french onion soup, along with with one of my co-workers and we were both pleased with Eddie Merlot's rendition.  Nothing extraordinary, but a good solid french onion soup which was served piping hot.  We also ordered the fried calamari which i served with a trio of dipping sauces...a mustard based sauce, an asian chili-soy based sauce and a sweetened wasabi dipping sauce.  Somewhat unusual sauces for a steak house, but the sauces and the calamari were delcious!  Yum!  And served hot and crispy!I ordered the magnificent meatloaf which had a layer of beef short ribs in the middle of it. (Who does that but an insane chef with nothing but beef on their minds???)  My only complaint was that both the mashed potatoes and the green beans that were served with the meatloaf were both luke-warm to cold.  Not appealing, however, once warmed they were okay.My co-workers ordered almost every variation of the burgers and everyone was pleased with the quality (USDA Prime), size and cooking of the burgers. (My one co-workers loved his medium rare burger!)Overall, I was very pleased with this new entry into the downtown food scne and I would recommend this steak house over the other downtown steak houses with regards to price and service.
2	I was disappointed w my whole experience. The server was never to be found. I ordered a drink from a bus boy. I was there from 830-1041pm. The amount of time that passed between each course was ridiculous. The beautiful cut of sea bass I ordered was over salted & cold. The ribeye my sister ordered was about 3/4 inch thick. I would choose any other steak house in Pittsburgh over Eddie Merlots again.
3	Mediocre service on a not so busy night.  Three bartenders should be able to handle 14 bar patrons.
4	We went here for their Mother's Day Buffet.  It was a last minute idea and lucky for us, we had no problem getting a reservation.  We had requested a booth and we got a wonderful and roomy curved booth with a wonderful view of flowering bushes outside.  The interior of the restaurant is beautiful, rich wood, beautiful lighting.We were greeted right away and ordered beverages and advised that they would be delivered by our server.  And we were off to check out the buffet.  They had an omelet station and lots of breakfast items including muffins and pastries.  BJ started off with mac & cheese, meatloaf and fried chicken.  I went straight to the salads, Eddie's chopped salad as very good, the Waldorf salad was amazing.  So were the peel and eat shrimp.  They were a good size and the cocktail sauce had an extra kick.  For meats, they served hand craved ham and chateaubriand.  I loved both, BJ thought that the ham was a bit dry.  I thought that the cream horseradish needed more kick.  The chef did bring BJ some straight horseradish was the kitchen.  I can't say enough about the dessert bar which was set up in the bar area.  They had a lot a of tiny little choices.  The best was the pecan and chocolate bars and the tiny carrot cake cupcakes with cream cheese icing.All in all, a good experience.  The only negative was our server.  She didn't know how to refill water glasses.  I drank both mine and BJ's before I got a refill.  BJ had to wait forever for an offer of another beer.  And she rarely took away our empty plates.  You know, it's not a tough shift, being a server for a buffet.  But it was for her.  Not the quality of service you would expect from an expensive steak house.
3	Was excited for the opening as I didn't have the best experience at Ruth Chris. We went on a Tuesday night so we were seated quickly. The lounge area was nice and comfortable and it had a very business like atmosphere. The service was outstanding. The gentlemen knew his stuff and was attentive. He is the main reason I gave three stars. When he was occupied, other staff members would check on us to make sure out drinks were given in a timely manner. My wife and I ordered and split the best ribeye on the menu (the most expensive version). It was an ok steak but was room temperature after the third bite and cold half way through. The Alaskan king crab was outstanding. The complementary bread they serve is kind of a joke.  I would have expected more (better quality and taste) with the amount of money we dropped. The lobster bisque was $10 and probably the best value. It wasn't any better then other places but I can see why it was only ten as they aren't very generous with the lobster part but again a good value. The shrimp wrapped in bacon was the worst value. I received 5 pieces of shrimp wrapped in bacon and drenched in BBQ sauce. $19. I couldn't taste the shrimp and barely the bacon. The BBQ overpowers the taste and it tasted like generic BBQ sauce you buy at the store. I would avoid this as tasty as it sounds. All and all the above, with some drinks and tip ran us about $250. Not sure I would go back unless it was on someone else's tab.
5	I couldn't have been more pleased. Went for their Mothers Day Buffet and the selection was out of this world. We could choose from the usual, eggs, bacon, made to order omelets to filet, cut to our liking. I am a meatloaf lover and their's was the best I ever tasted. Desserts filled almost the entire length of the bar. There isn't a bad word to say about the establishment and the decor is just as fabulous. The service was excellent, the entire staff was pleasant and accommodating. I would highly recommend and plan to return in the near future.
4	I liked Eddie Merlot's! The service was excellent {we sat at the bar} but everyone was super friendly and quick. They have a cool wine list on an i-pad and you can click on each wine to see more about it ie: where it's from, flavors, pairings, etc. The food was DELICIOUS! We had the ahi tuna tartare, filet mignon potstickers, and salads -- everything was so good but the two apps were really great. The potsickers were handmade and the portion of the tuna was generous. Pros:1. Appetizers were great--multiple people around us ordered the calamari which we didn't try but it comes in this fancy sesame rice bowl! Super neat!2. Wine selections (obvs)3. ServiceCons:1. I think they should put some food on their happy hour menu in the bar--more of a downtown crowd would go.2. It's pretty fancy in there if you are just out and about downtown you might not feel dressed appropriately (not necessarily a bad thing--unless you are underdressed)
2	After browsing at the Art's Fest, we decided to walk over and have a drink and appetizer at Eddie Merlot's. We were so excited to sit at the bar and experience this new restaurant in Pittsburgh. We sat at the bar while three bartenders stood around conversing amongst themselves, looked over at us and then looked away! We sat there for at least another minute or so while continuing to be ignored when we finally called a bartender over to take our drink order. She never asked if we wanted menus so another bartender gave them to us after we asked. We ordered the calamari, which was tempura battered, fried and greasy. Needless to say it was not good. I ordered a moscow mule and it wasn't served in a copper mug...disappointing. The whole experience didn't end quickly enough and suffice it to say, we will not be going back. I have owned a business for 10 years and I would never think to treat my clients like we were treated. The whole atmosphere left a lot to be desired. With the many wonderful restaurants to choose from in Pittsburgh, one would think the "new kid on the block" would be trying a little harder to attract a clientele, not turn them off.
4	My first visit wasn't so great because my steak was some what fatty but the dessert was awesome.  However, my first visit was when they just opened so  I tried it a second time and it was much better.  I definitely recommend this place for a business dinner or a night out with friends.
5	Great new addition to the steakhouse group in Pittsburgh. Very modern interior and by far the best steak in the group. Very creative presentation on the traditional shrimp cocktail, called the smoking shrimp cocktail! Service was excellent! Walk past Ruth's and enjoy!
5	Nice location and nice view of outside. Has an open feel to it. Though it was busy on a week night, didn't feel crowded. Excellent service ! From the lady at the reception to servers. Food was good too. Caesar salad was ok. Salmon was made to perfection. Good choice of desert (creme br, carrot cake).  They validate your parking if you park in the gateway garage. I would say among the top steak houses in downtown. 4 stars overall. Gave 5 for the service on top!
3	I dined at Eddie Merlot's for my birthday dinner last night and was happy with the meal and service, but I was not blown away for the price we paid. Our waiter was friendly, went over the menu with us, and brought our drinks promptly. He did, however, bring me the wrong wine, but happily switched it out for the right one. We ordered the tomato & mozzarella salad, the wedge salad and the chopped salad. None of them were seasoned well. The tomato and mozz salad also looked like I made it in my kitchen in 10 seconds. The wedge was apparently worth it, though. So far, not impressed too much, especially considering how amazing Ruth's Chris and Capital Grill salads are.As for the steaks, mine was good but not great. I got the 10 oz filet mignon cooked medium rare (it was actually more on the rare side), but I ate it all. It was a high quality cut of beef, just not seasoned well at all. I'm actually not sure if it had salt on it because I ended up salting it myself. It was also pretty cold by the time it got to the table. My husband enjoyed the Wagyu Tomahawk steak. He said the flavor was incredible and got it at the recommended medium temperature to help melt the fat. This cut is very tender, but the menu boasts it is 28 oz. It is mostly bone and didn't have much meat at all. He said it wasn't quite worth the price for the amount of meat he got. He is going to stick to regular ribeyes from now on.The desserts were excellent. The table shared the s'mores, which was a giant s'mores tart and the Peanut Butter cup, which was like a peanut butter cheesecake. I also received a free Red Velvet Cupcake because it was my birthday. I let my family share that due to food allergies and they all loved it.At the end of the night, the bill was over $550 for four of us. It definitely wasn't worth this price, but I still enjoyed myself because of the atmosphere and decent enough food. I likely won't be back, though.Food Allergy Update: Eddie Merlot's will take care of any and all food allergies. Since the food is fresh and made to order, they can accommodate quite a bit. I did not get sick and give this place an A+ for attentiveness in that regard.
5	Chose Eddie Merlot for a close friend's 30th birthday dinner because he has always loved dining here. It was my first time here so I was really excited as well. We had about 15 people so they put us in a nice private party room. The service was awesome - from the moment we walked in to the very end when we left. The food was so good! My boyfriend and I had lobster bisque, sweet & spicy rock shrimp, and crab cakes for appetizers. The shrimp was my fave! So good. For entree, the bf ordered the new york strip along with mashed potatoes & creamed spinach (we shared this) and it was perfectly cooked. We're some pretty hard critics when it comes to our steaks but I'm gonna admit -- Eddie Merlot definitely met our expectations and we were so pleased. Some of my friends ordered the sea bass, others had the filet mignon bone-in, which they all loved as well. Wish we had room for desserts but we were stuffed by the time we finished our plates! But there's always next time :-) bf starting to love dining here so I can't wait to go back!
5	I was in town with my fiance and ran into one of the waiters about town. He suggested we come by for dinner and WOW was he right. I looked it up on the web and saw a photo of the carrot cake, I know its a steak place but this looked so good. I had a prime rib of bison oscar (lump crab meat on top) with a baked potato. It was out of this world. My fiance had filet mignon oscar and said it was delicious. Then came the carrot cake...it did not disappoint! I took it home and had it for the next 3 days.This is a definite place to add to a list of spots to eat.
4	If you want to go somewhere "nice" downtown for dinner or a business lunch and you have some extra $$$ to spend Eddie Merlot's is your place.I was here for a business lunch meeting but we opted to sit and eat at the bar.  Located downtown, near Gateway Center and close to the Point, this is a great place to go to conduct "high level business" or, in my case, much "lower level business".  Both me and my lunch partner ordered a salad and the salmon BLT.  This comes with some amazing hot fresh bread.  Tried to be healthy but the bread probably tipped over on the caloric scale.  WORTH IT.The house dressing with the salad was beyond amazing.  The BLT was probably as perfect as one can get to making a salmon BLT.  Great lunch choice.It can get pricey so be prepared for that.  Lunch for two with iced tea cost me around $55.
2	Business lunch with clients on a tight schedule.   Slow service.....decent food.  2nd time we experienced slow service at lunch.    Can't comment on dinner service, will not be going back for lunch.
3	I have been to Eddie Merlot's twice for lunch, with differing experiences.  The first time I went was shortly after they opened this location, with an older male colleague, and the service was fantastic.  I had a burger, which was fine but nothing special.  Yesterday I visited with several female colleagues (and I myself am female).  The service was subpar, particularly in light of the price point.  My glass sat empty for quite awhile, even through we were in a highly visible area and the waiter walked past us frequently.  We did not receive bread, though tables of male businessmen received bread (that looked fabulous).  Our food took quite a long time to come out.  Eventually someone who appeared to be a manager came over and said that one of the dishes had had to be recooked because it was overdone (my thought: does that mean that my dish was sitting under the heat lamp all that time?).  While I am not one the one who picked up the bill, I don't believe anything was done to compensate for the extended lunch.  Bread wasn't even offered (the manager left so swiftly I didn't have a chance to ask for it).I had the meatloaf.  It was good, but didn't knock my socks off. It was served with mashed potatoes, which were bland and lacked any wow factor. I lovea  good mashed potato, and they're not hard to make, so this is not impressive.  The green beans with the dish were well done.  The meatloaf left a strong aftertaste that lasted until bedtime that evening, so I would not recommend it on a date!Overall, I am not sure what to think.  I hate to think that we were treated differently as a table of all women, but when I experienced much better service when with a male colleague and the tables around us did not experience similar service issues.  This leaves me reluctant to suggest Eddie Merlot's in the future, though I will go if someone else picks it.
5	We don't often go out for steak dinners but Eddie Merlots might change that. Delightful service and excellent food. The filet trio verges on obscene. In a good way. Beef stroganoff is delicate and delicious.
5	Incredible food and service. HIGHLY recommend for a special evening. Best views of all the steak houses in Pittsburgh. Staff very accommodating. The curved booths are nice for a romantic dinner.
3	The restaurant is attractive and comfortable, beautifully decorated.  My wife and I arrived early and were seated before our reservation time, which was great.  The middle-aged lady who seated us is a great public relations ambassador for the restaurant: welcoming, charming, delightful, and gracious.  She knew that I had requested a table in a quiet part of the dining room and apologized for there being no such table available.  The noise became so intense as to cause my wife and me to have to lean over the table and yell to each other to be heard.  The atmosphere was frenetic and crazed, not a good way to enjoy a costly meal.My wife's average-size martini was a ridiculously pricey $13.  I was surprised that a full-service restaurant with a large bar offers no draft beers.Our server was full of personality and made countless trips to the table.  His recitation of the items that are available, specials, and potential combinations, offered when he brought our beverages, was overkill, too much for any diner to absorb and more than most would want to hear.  It also gives the diner the impression that the server is doing everything he can to pad the check.Our entrees did not arrive until one hour had elapsed from the time we ordered.  To his credit, our server let us know that the food was delayed due to a large Pittsburgh Steelers party which hobbled the kitchen.  To make it up to us, he provided a dessert of our choice on the house.  We selected a huge, dense, delicious carrot cake, enough for three or four people.The small beet salad and ribeye steak that my wife had and my iceberg wedge salad with creamy herb dressing, bacon, egg, and red onion, and my Chef's Creation short rib meatloaf with mashed potatoes and fresh green beans were all excellent.  Te entree portions were well-sized; the side dishes were inadequate.  The warm, herbed bread and soft butter which accompanies every meal is an outstanding treat.Teamwork is used here to deliver food to the tables.  As I expected, the young lady who brought our salads knew who got which dish without asking.  I was surprised that the necktie-clad gentleman who appeared to be a manager, placed my wife's entree in front of me and mine in front of her.I was surprised that a top-notch restaurant like this would have the servers belt out "Happy Birthday" as a cupcake was brought to a guest to honor them.  It is inappropriate and heightened the already raucous atmosphere.The restaurant provides complimentary validated self-parking in a garage which enables the diner to enter and exit without going outside, a plus in blustery weather.The manager okayed my use of an expired discount card entitling me to $20 off the cost of two entrees.  I greatly appreciated that.Be prepared to spend a lot of money here.  One must order judiciously to avoid a meal which, with the encouragement of servers like ours, can easily come to $100 per person.Given the ear-splitting noise, I would not rush back here despite what was in many ways a marvelous and unique dining experience.
5	From the beginning until the end of our meal the service was outstanding. The waiter was very helpful & vetted in finding things we liked as well as helping us pair amazing drinks with our even more amazing steaks. One of the best steak I've had across the country.
4	I stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago with my wife for dinner.  Having been in this place during its two previous restaurants, I was eager to see what changes, if any they had made.  I was not to be disappointed as Eddie Merlots had left the floor plan of the restaurant the same but they really did a good job on updating the decor of the place.  This was especially true in the chandelliers as well as the mosaics that were hanging along the walls.For dinner my wife and I decided to start out the evening with the sesame calamari appetizer while she also chose to order the lobster bisque soup.  Thankfullly my wife was kind enough to save me one of the larger pieces of lobster in her bisque as well as some broth from it so that I could try it.  I have to admit that it was pretty good with the lobster being cooked perfectly and the bisque being seasoned nicely.  I also really enjoyed our calamari which came with three different sauces: a garlic/ginger soy sauce, ahot mustard sauce and a wasabi sauce.  The calamari was also cooked perfectly as the outside breading had a nice crunch while the inside was soft and chewy and not rubbery at all.  For my dinner entree I had a hard time deciding between the 16 oz. bourbon-marinated ribeye steak and the bison filet mignon.  My choice ultimately ended up being the bourbon-marinated filet which I made after consulting with our server.  My wife ended up going with the steak frites for her entree and we decided to split a side order of the macaroni and cheese.  The bourbon marinated steak ended up being quite large, tender and very good.  You could really taste the bourbon in and it gave the steak a subtle sweetness while at the same time giving it a bit of a bite which I had never had in a steak before.  The macaroni and cheese also ended up being good although it didn't have anything special that stood out to me.  After all of that food we still somehow had a little room for dessert and so we ended up ordering the carrot cake.  The piece that they gave us was absolutley humongus and could have easily been shared by a table of 4.  I ended up enjoying it as it tasted how I thought a carrot cake should.  With the dessert finished and the bill paid we ended up getting our parking validated at the hostess station and left the restaurant quite full but also a bit lighter in the wallet.The bottom line for me is that I would head here again in the future.  The service that we received here was quite good and the food was as well.
5	Excellent service, great food. The wine seemed a bit overpriced but the food, especially for the portions and the quality, was quite reasonable!!! Overall an excellent choice for a bit to eat with a nice view and within walking distance of almost anything downtown including the Gateway Center transit station!
4	Good location.  Multiple options for various cuts. I found the cocktail offerings to be uninspired for a prime retail outlet, hence the 4 stars.
5	Excellent meal
