5	I like the fact that the karate classes are structured so that they cater to beginners as well as to kids with advanced belts. Some of the belt requirements are even posted on the group's website! I also am impressed with YCOA's emphasis on self-defense in case kids get approached by strangers who wish to do them harm.
5	I love the programs offered at Yong Champions of America! They keep the programs affordable while still giving great attention to each member of the class. The coaches seem knowledgeable on the arts, and I trust their abilities to teach. The classes are affordable, but we all know life happens sometimes, and the scholarship opportunity has been a huge help! I am so thankful that the focus of the program is on each student's opportunity to perform and improve, not on creating competition and tension. With karate, cheerleading, soccer, and dance, I know there are plenty of opportunities for trying new things!
5	The programs offered at Young Champions of America are incredible for so many reasons.  They are very affordable and the instructors pay great attention to each student.  It gives each student a great amount of confidence and there are so many different activities to try.  There is so much room for personal growth and development for all students.  Boredom is not ever a possibility for anyone here!
5	I was beyond impressed with the level of dedication these coaches have!  The programs are top notch and the kids actually learn to develop inner strength along with their physical strength.  SO much better than babysitting them with video games!The fees are so reasonable, I really am amazed at the quality of what these kids are learning.  I LOVE that this is available in times like these, and especially in this kind of weather!
5	The techniques that my nieces and nephews learned were amazing! They were a little apprehensive at first, but the staff was very professional and made them feel like they were getting better. The work ethic that they instill in these kids is simply incredible. They are patient, kind, and most of all, affordable. I was not sure how long they would be apart of the program, but they and the teachers both surprised me! I've always believed that knowing how to defend yourself is something everyone should know, and this is place to start for younger kids.
