5	Great experience if you're vacationing in Vegas. If you really want to see the Hoover Dam(I mean really), then you've got to go kayaking on the Colorado like we did.You simply rent a kayak/canoe from them, and they let you kayak from the base of the Hoover Dam all the way down the Colorado. Tip: Don't get the two person sit on top kayaks because it takes more power to get it going. You can also get other gear from them if you want to go camping. Its really cool, you can bathe in Hot Springs and hike quite a bit. It's beautiful.Another fine review by S.G.Whoop, whoop, whoop!
4	Imagine paddling through moonlight water on a hot summer night. I enjoyed the experience quite a bit. Four of us packed a picnic with food from our favorite local shop (Valley Cheese and Wine) and met up at the Desert Adventure office in Boulder City. Desert Adventures is easy to get to off 95. The staff provide safety gear, dry bags, water and watermelon. We got in the water around 6:30 PM, kayaked for about 20 minutes into Lake Mead. Then we headed into a cove where we set up our picnic spot and waited for the darkness. It was really beautiful.We ate, chat, enjoyed the desert night and then kayaked back to Lake Mead beach a little after 9:30 PM.I would have enjoyed the trip more if it was a little more cool and less windy. I bet the kayak on the Colorado is amazing and I can't wait to try it.FYI, some of the other travelers drank a good portion of the excursion so, if you're into that, feel free to indulge yourself. The kayaking is minimal. For the moonlight kayak trip, out-of-shape people have nothing to worry about, unless they can't stand the heat. Wear durable flip flops or shoes you don't mind getting wet.
5	Hiked Gold Strike Canyon this past Monday. This was my very first experience hiking in the desert, much less "bouldering". If it wasn't for our guide, Antonio I'd probably still be stuck there with a panic attack. Antonio was extremely professional, knowledgeable, and a terrific guide. I mean, what guy would allow you to use his knee as a step stool? I started this hike freaking the funk out because I never experienced something like this and I ended it feeling like a conquered the world! If I ever went back to Vegas, it would be to Desert Adventures, not for the strip.... now if only we could get some night clubs in that canyon........ I'd never leave!
5	Went here with the wife and friends for a "healthy" getaway while vacationing in Las Vegas. We signed up for a guided tour of Lake Mead and got to paddle around parts of the lake for a few hours. Unfortunately, we didn't make it all the way to the Hoover Dam as planned because we had some, well, very slow people in our group.Equipment was top notch. I've been on a handful of kayaking rental trips and these were by far and above the best I've used.Tour guide was excellent! Had a story about everything we paddled by. Made us all respectable healthy lunches too!Overall great little trip for the price. Highly recommended if you are looking for something active while in Vegas.
5	Our (private / no guide) group of 12 (6 adults ./ 6 teenagers) kayaked the Colorado river / Black's Canyon and used Desert Adventures as our outfitter.  First off - Black's Canyon is an amazingly beautiful place with much to see and do on/off the river.  Desert Adventures is also a first rate/professional outfitter.  Our kayaks/gear were great, as was the shuttle service.  And they helped salvage our trip when an unforeseen event at the river could have shut us down.  I highly recommend them so give them a call and book a trip before it gets too hot!
5	I've been a customer of this place for about 2 years now. I live in Las Vegas and most locals dread the summer months and the hellish temps it brings, but ever since I tried kayaking for the first time last year I look forward to the summer eagerly just to go kayaking. I didn't want to take the tours because I wasn't in great shape, so I wanted to do a rental instead and be able to go at my own leisure, exploring and just enjoying the scenery. And that's pretty much what I do every time I go now. I paddle out to one of the nearby coves with some food and a beach mat, drag the kayak onto shore, swim, lay out, relax, go paddle and exploring some more, and just enjoy the fact that I'm going places on my own power, without gas, gadgets, or having to bring a pickup truck and trailer! If you don't want to bother with all that stuff (or just can't afford it), kayaking is a really nice way to explore Lake Mead.I only use the sit on top kayaks and have tried the "double" sit-on-top kayaks and the solo sit-on-top ones and personally, the solo ones glide over the water really well and are really easy to use as a novice kayaker. The double ones are really easy to use too, but of course they go slower. The company is really chill, takes cash, and are run by real people you can talk to, not big time Corporate entities just out to make a buck. The rental location is super easy to find, following the kayaks down to the water couldn't be simpler, and pick up for the gear is always on-time, sometimes even early. The rental prices for Lake Mead simply cannot be beat. I couldn't be more satisfied and very much enjoy having a go-to rental company that provides me excellent customer service and a competitive price every time.P.S. For first timers, check the forecast for wind speeds before you go out as much as you can. Trying to kayak in high wind is much harder! If you want the challenge though, more power to you :)
5	Instuctor(Dan-the Marine) did a great job!!! Really enjoyed both classs.....Kayak 101 and Rescue!!!
4	I was little apprehensive to rent a kayak from a store, not knowing too much about the process. It was really easy and simple and the staff helped us out a lot. I have my own kayak and trailer and we needed one more for the day. We went here and they rented us a kayak for the day. We loaded it up on my trailer and bam, done. Spent the day at the lake and brought it back to them, no problems. If you don't have a trailer they will take it to the lake for you and pick it from you at designated times.Kayaking is so much fun and easy, you can do it for one or a huge group. So get out of your routine and try something Adventures!
5	We rented canoes from this company for a camping weekend on the Colorado river. They picked us up from our hotel early Friday morning, dropped us off at the Hoover dam, and were waiting for us at the Willow Beach marina when we were done on Sunday. They even had ice pops ready for us to help us cool down from the heat.The guy who drove our van gave us historical information about the area, answered questions, and was overall a pretty fun dude. The company is reliable, the equipment is in top shape (they are replaced every few seasons), and the maps they provided of the river was super helpful in figuring out which slot canyons to explore.
4	I called Desert Adventure to reserve my kayak and the lady on the phone was very helpful. She made my reservation experience very easy and quick.  As part of their good customer service they sent me an email reminder with some little tips so that you can enjoy your experience.. pretty much tons of sun screen and water. On the day of the rental we went to the store and signed some paper work, they already had all the info ready for us so we did not have to wait at all. We then proceeded to follow a guy to the marina and he gave us our kayak.   So for just $60 bucks, we enjoyed a four hour trip to the lake mead in our double kayak. I know they also have paddle board and canoes  Tip of the day: try not to go when is windy and it makes it very difficult to come back to land.
5	We did a self guided paddleboard rental.  We met at the location at 9:30 am and the paperwork was a breeze!  Following the van down to the lake was also easy.  We helped unload the paddleboards, got some quick instruction, and then we were off and running!  My kids picked the sport up instantly!  My husband and I had a ton of fun as well, even if we were exhausted afterwards!  The staff went above and beyond to help us.  Normally they require a full 4 hours of rental, which was too much time for us, so we asked in advance if there was any way that we could turn the boards in early.  After some communication, and uncertainty, it was confirmed that we could drop the boards off early and with a guide that was already going to be on the lake all day.  The only changes I would make is that I would have like a little more instruction time (how to accurately size our paddles, how to paddle correctly, etc.) before going out on the lake, and I think it should be an option to have a lower rental time frame than 4 hours, rather than having to make an exception.  4 hours is a long time, especially if you are not accustomed to being on a paddleboard.  Just my two cents.  Overall this is a great company and we would absolutely recommend them, or rent from them again!  Thanks!
5	Just took a trip with desert adventure and they hit it out of the park! Friendly, helpful, and knowledgable staff that did everything possible to make our day safe and memorable, but most importantly... Fun!! Beautiful scenery the entire time! Thanks again guys for making our trip the best possible! Don't think just book a trip and see for yourself!
4	kayaked from the base of the hoover dam to willow beach. What an amazing experience!!! It began with the restricted road we took down to the hoover dam. The driver gave us a bit of a historical perspective which was really cool. the weather was perfect and the extra help from some tail wind was awesome. We stopped frequently to explore the spots highlighted on the map and still got back in time. our only complaint is the way the pick up works. It took us about 1 hour after pickup time to actually begin our journey back to the hotel.  To make matters worse, one of the vans blocked our car in and the driver proceeded to finish his duties before moving the van, which was very annoying. the annoyance factor might have been exacerbated by a full day of rowing in the sun. All in all, every person living in Las Vegas should do this.P.S. beware of a rogue nudist in the hot springs on the arizona side. A lady in our launch group was unpleasantly surprised by this individual. It made for a good laugh but it couldve just as well been a child. Apparently the park services know about this free baller but cant do anything about it unless they catch him "in the act".
5	Oct. 11th weekend, we did the Paddle Sand Hollow/Hike Snow Canyon with a group of 10 for a bachelor party. Our guide was Jennifer.  Our original trip got cancelled due to the government shut down but the tour company really helped us put together an even better trip.  It was awesome.  For all of us, there just wasn't enough time.  We wanted to stay longer at both locations (kayak and hike).  Both were amazing.  Our guide was really easy going and it really helped to get some zzzz's on the drive there and back.  She was great.  Great and reliable company to work with and they managed what was a near disaster with the trip almost getting cancelled and made it even better.  We need to do it again.  Thank you!
5	Fantastic! We went in a 10h kayak trip and it was fantastic. Our guide Ghyrll was hilarious and very entertaining. We were 3 couples who didn't know each other but thanks to him we bonded right away and exchanged emails at the end. It was a lot of fun. The river was clam and really enjoyed the dip in the hot spring and the little hikes there and there. It is not fast paced so you can really enjoy the beauty of black canyon. At the same time, it is not boring, we were a bit sore the next day. These guys are pros and we trusted them.
4	We made reservations over the phone & had 2 drive 2 hacienda casino/hotel in boulder city 2 meet the staff from desert adventures.  We signed some papers, got in a van w like 8 other people & they took us 2 r starting point, which wuz right under the Hoover dam.  We were ready get out of the van & kayak but we were notified 2 stay in the van a little while longer...  The staff told us someone had jumped off from the bridge above (pat Tillman bridge) earlier that morning & they had 2 clear the area.  We ended up waiting 2 get the "ok" & that took about 30minutes.  I got kinda creeped out thinking wut if that person wuz floating in the river where we were kayaking???  That didn't stop us from going down the Colorado river.  It wuz a sunny day (July 2012) & we enjoyed cruising down the calm water.  We didn't want 2 stop anywhere, which we were allowed at certain spots.  I ended up jumping in the freezing cold river & hopped back in the kayak.  It wuz so peaceful my bf took a short nap while I paddled.  Towards the end, we were getting tired & just wanted 2 b done w it.  The journey took up the whole day!!!  We ate at this restaurant/ gift shop place at the end.  Then the staff came & picked us up.  They dropped us off back at the hacienda hotel & we were exhausted!!!  We had a blast!!!  The only gripe I have is that it's far away from the Vegas strip. Excellent customer service & company!!!  By the way, u can bring your own backpack w food & drinks.
5	Had an absolutely wonderful experience on the full-day Black Canyon kayaking trip led by Jake and Scott. I had never been in a kayak before. Other people on the tour were quite advanced. The trip was fabulous for both experience levels. We saw so much--the sauna cave, hot springs, Desert Bighorn Sheep, sandy beaches, steep jagged cliffs,.... I have a whole new appreciation of the Colorado River and can't believe such an amazing kayaking opportunity exists right near my home in the middle of the Mojave Desert. The trip had seemed expensive when I booked it, but by the time we were half way through it, I felt that we were getting more than our money's worth. I can't recommend Desert Adventures enough.
3	Cool
5	We booked a 1/2 day kayaking trip that included being picked up/dropped off at our hotel in Vegas, lunch/snacks/water provided. We put in at Willow beach and kayaked up the river to Emerald Cave, stopping for a short hike and lunch, before returning down river.  It was a spectacular way to see the Colorado River.  Beautiful scenery every where you look.  Our guide was Mack, who had the perfect personality for the job. He was entertaining,  friendly,  safe and knowledgeable. I asked many questions about our surroundings and such and he answered all my questions. Easy conversationalist. These things are important when you are stuck with this person that is responsible for your safety and your enjoyment of this trip.  I had never been on a kayak in my life and was a tad nervous. The website we went through to book the trip (incredible adventures) listed it as being for beginners but I still wasn't sure.  Once I got accustomed to the kayak and didn't feel like I would tip over(haha) it was smooth sailing, or paddling, after that.  Lunch was provided from a local diner and was delicious. We had options to choose from and it included fruit, a cookie, and carrots with ranch. Thw sandwich itself was huge. We ate lunch in a little cove under an old cable car some surveyors used years and years ago. Pretty neat to see their trail and home (that's the hike you take).  Then we kayaked into Emerald Cave. This little cave while beautiful to look out of is little. When  you are inside of it the sun on the water outside of it makes the water glow this amazing green color.  But only one kayak at a time really fits in. Not the four to five we tried to fit in! haha!  Then we ended our up river adventure under the tower the surveyors I previously mentioned used back in the day. Very cool history along this stretch of river. It was smooth sailing with little paddling on our way back down. Spent a lot of the time chatting and looking for wildlife.  There's supposedly and eagles nest along the hillside next to the river. We didn't get to see any eagles though. We saw plenty of long horned sheep. So neat to see them navigate the rocky hillside with little effort.  Tips*Sunscreen, sunscreen,  bring sunscreen!!  The sun reflecting off the water will get you every time!  I personally don't recommend children do this particular trip (up river).  They have trips you put in up river and spend the day going down river. You are going with the current then and much easier-if the wind cooperates.  Maybe if your kids are more athletic and adventurous than most. Don't forget the waterproof camera. But if you do, or you just don't want to risk yours,  I  think you can rent one from the guide. Hat and sunglasses!No flipflops!  Gloves. Not everyone may need them. But I wished I would have gotten some gloves.Check out kayaks before you reserve your trip if this is new to you. My husband, who is not a large man, did not comfortably fit into the particular kayak he was given. He was very uncomfortable to the point it left bruises on him. He needs a sit on top kayak. We didn't know that. And being comfortable can make all the difference in the world when you are in the middle of paddling down a river. Just go to an outdoor store and try some out. Find what fits you. Relax. Enjoy your surroundings. Look down into the clear water and watch the fish swim beneath you. A trip I will never forget.
5	I take local friends and out of town friends on this trip 3-4 times a year.  All the people I've met who work for the company are friendly and super knowledgeable!
5	Amazing! If anyone is thinking about going out to the lake to kayak. I highly recommend this place! They are very helpful and efficient. You can also rent other stuff but my experience is solely on the kayaks.It is $60 to rent a two seater sit in kayak for 4 hours. There's also one seater kayaks and ones where you sit on top which are cheaper, but I suggest you get the "sit in" ones. You might not think 4 hours is a long time but boy is it! It is the perfect amount of time.Bob had us follow him to lake. It really wasn't too far from the actual store. Probably a 7 minute ride to the destination. He dropped our kayaks off and did a quick tutorial for us. Kayaks for Dummies. The day we went it was windy and cloudy. So the paddling against the currents was a mission but so much fun! The sun was hiding behind the clouds most of the time and it even started raining for a little bit which I thought was beautiful. We made pit stops at various locations. We even stopped at this little cliff and did some cliff jumping. Very safe cliff with our life vests on of course! We got back to shore exactly 4 hours later and Bob returned shortly after us to pick up the kayaks. Very efficient! It was a great day! And a good workout too!
1	There is no way I am going to rent from this place ever again and I would not even advice anyone to do so either. They are very unprofessional and very rude. When we called them to make a booking they were so eager to take our money that they did not even go through the "RULES" that they have or they can make when they want. They did not tell us that they will charge us for the early pickup. And when we call them early they said they will charge us $60 for the early pickup.  And even when they told us that they will be there at 2pm they did not make it here till 2:20 and we were waiting in the sun in 95degree heat for them to come and pick their stuff up. EVERYONE IN THE COMPANY IS VERY MONEY MINDED.
4	A lot of fun with all the right equipment. I think by it's nature these items are expensive to rent but the amount of fun we had with a little blue baby life vest and sea machine is just indescribable.  Making memories one day at time!!
5	Excellent great guide in Dan my wife and sister law went weekend before me and my friend had so much fun had to go following weekend drove from Laughlin to Bolder Dan very knowledgable. Thanks for GREAT TIME
