4	A basic diner, this place has a lot of character. It's owned by a Greek guy so they have a lot of Greek food options. The omelets are really good and so are the sandwiches.
3	The food is great, quality diner food. Benedict dish has real house-made hollandaise sauce. The kitchsy mis-matched mugs and fiestaware plates are a nice touch.However, the space needs a make-over. It looks old and a bit worn-out. Replacing the ceiling tiles with a lay-in tin (or even a new lay-in panel) would help a lot.4 stars for food, 2 stars for atmosphere.
5	this is real diner food. Breakfast is excellent from the grille. Eggs benedict have fresh scratch sauce and you can substitute mancini toast for muffins (Recommended). Omelets were big and full of goodies (3 choices before extra $  ),  HB potatoes were excellent. Mancini's toast is a plus for all egg dishes. My daughter said the homemade chicken soup is among the best and she has sampled LOTS of soup all across the country.   Decor is what you expect of an old established diner and definitely NOT EAT N PARK. Love the fiestaware heavy plates and the funny mugs. Staff are friendly and always offer more  hot coffee, and do remember you when you come in again.Worth a trip.
3	I stopped by here a couple of Tuesdays ago for lunch with my father.  We were looking for a nearby no frills place and this seemed to work.  Whenever we entered the restaurant it was easy to see that it looked like a traditional diner having a lunch counter on one side and a number of smaller booths on the other. After looking over the menu I decided to go with the Reuben sandwich with a side of onion rings while my dad went with the fish sandwich with a side of fries.  The first thing that I ended up trying was the onion rings and I have to admit that I was impressed.  They had a nice cornmeal like coating on them and were breaded so that you could tell they were onions, unlike many of those pre-made thick breaded ones.  The flavor and texture of them was good as they were crunchy and seasoned decently.  At this point I was thinking, wow this place is going to surprise me, but it was all downhill from there.  My reuben ended up being ok, it didn't have anything wrong with it but it was not terribly exciting either.  Then I tried my dads fries.  Soggy and limp, ugh, such a bad contrast from the onion rings.  When all was said and done the total cost for the sandwiches and sides mentioned with a single iced tea was $21.  That's a bit steep if you ask me.The bottom line for me is that I might return here again in the future.  I thought that it was bit overpriced for the quality of food delivered but at least my onion rings were good.
3	Obviously this is going to be very basic since we visited for breakfast and got typical breakfast food. I ordered 2 eggs (egg beaters), bacon, and toast. My boyfriend had the 3 eggs overeasy, bacon,toast, and homefries. The bacon was really good quality and was thick and cooked perfectly for me . Eggs are eggs as is toast. His homefries looked delicious and were nice thick potatoes. He said they were very tasty. The coffee was very good as well which for me is essential for breakfast. I have lived in Bellevue a couple years now and this was my first trip into the diner. It has a counter and several booths with some tables in the back. Very typical 1950s like. So if anyone is ever near Bellevue and needs to grab a bite for breakfast, I would recommend stopping in! They also serve lunch which again seemed like typical diner fare. Coming here I feel is more for the unique diner experience rather than the spectacular (not saying it was not a decent breakfast) food.
