1	NEVER EVER EVER take your prescriptions to THIS Walgreens. It took 5 days for me to get a problem cleared up (which should've taken 1 full day tops) and in the end they didn't sell me the proper medication and I got a more costly one. To fix THAT I'd have to start all over: call doc, get new px, take back old px, etc. NEVER AGAIN.
5	If you're looking for Hawaiian food, they have a nice selection.  From Zippy's chili, port. Sausage, redondo's hot dogs, manapua, pastele, s&s saimin, kamaboko, char sui, chili pepper water, candies, cookies, NOH cooking mixes, drinks, and more.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! Great customer service, always helpful, smiles all day every day! There is a male manager who always goes above and beyond to get the things I need if they don't have them. They have even special ordered a few items for me. I feel appreciated when I go in there. Always go here and will continue as long as the people stay the same... The pharmacy is one of the best I've been to. They are quick, hassle free, and very friendly.
1	Pharmacy service is the WORST! Don't even attempt to go through the drive through to drop off or pick up. It's no way faster or convenient. I get they're busy but hey don't be rude. Better off going to surrounding pharmacies for better service!
5	Very clean and the staff is always willing to help. Open 24/7
4	This place has a little bit of everything. Food, snacks, medicine, suppliments, toys, and a large "as seen on TV" section of items. The Redbox is conveniently located. And the photo desk can take care of most of your photographic needs.
5	Actually helped me locate the medications we needed. Unlike the walgreens at Maryland and flamingo
1	Worst pharmacy ever, they are rude and they play GOD!!!  I would just want to know who gave them the right to mess with so many lives!!!  Last time I checked they are NOT DOCTOR'S they are a pharmacists!!! DO NOT GO HERE FOR YOUR PHARMACY NEEDS!!!!
4	This location is closest to my job office, and I've stopped in on many occasions for quick snacks and cosmetic items. The employees are friendly and helpful at the photo department, in cosmetics, and at the main registers. I primarily visit this store for my Hawaiian island snacks. They have a wide selection of drinks mixes, food seasonings, snacks and frozen food items..basically a big amount of items that I have eaten during my childhood, and am happy to find in Las Vegas. Special props to Carol in cosmetics. She is always happy to look for coupons to use for items that you purchase, and there is a good chance that if she has no coupons for you to use, she will give you freebies. I just received a sample of argan hair oil. Yay!
