1	I HATE IT!!!!!!!They charge you twice the amount, than you would normally pay at the neighborhood corner SB's.It's the same coffee dammit!
3	Open from 5am to 11pm. Not the quickest spot in town but at least it's open late. The last time I was here, a girl made a mistake on my drink, so I got a free one :)
4	Starbucks just never disappoints me! I am a full on starbucks fan! Tonight, I was actually lucky. There was some sort of glitch with the system so I got a dollar discount on my green tea latte! =) But back to the service and its product- service was golden! Although there was problems with the system, the workers still gave off a friendly attitude and made up the time spent with the register, with their fast customer service and in making the drinks in a flash!
4	Caffeine was needed.Starbucks was there.
3	This place is always pretty busy which overwhelms the baristas and they forget the SMILE. Seating is plentiful inside of the SB and out.Don't forget, it's inside of a Casino/Hotel and they don't take GCs, prices may be slightly higher nor do they have an outdoor seating area.
3	It's Starbucks ... so really a review isn't necessary ... it's average coffee, nothing special.  I only go to Starbucks because I like their Skinny Cinnamon Dulce latte and because I typically have gift cards from clients and loan officers.The line here is incredibly long ... and I can tell you know that there is another coffee shop just inside where the doors are to the taxi line at Mandalay Bay and it has a fraction of the line (and probably a fraction of the price, too).
2	Not sure what's wrong with both of the Starbucks locations inside Mandalay Bay.  I know they're not a "true" Starbucks but geez, with the sign out front and the black uniforms, I think they should uphold the Starbucks standards.Yeah, you'll have to pay a hefty premium for anything you purchase in there.  A grande coffee at a normal location is what, $1.75, here, it's $3.05 not to mention it's watered down, I can't figure it out, their coffee seems to always be watered down!Also, they don't serve your typical Starbucks pastries, such as the pound cakes and such.  They do have bagels, Chocolate Croissant, Cheese Danish and a crapload of those Costco steroid muffins.If you're a Starbucks snob, consider yourself forewarned.
2	It's a Starbuck, enough said.  The staff was friendly though and they suggested a drip coffee with low acidity which hit the spot.  They would have gotten 3 stars but this location doesn't have a toaster for the bagels.
3	It's your average Strip Starbucks, but totally doomed to a 30 minute wait if you stop there while there's a convention going on.  Only one register meant lines and lines...
2	OK, I needed coffee so bad so I paid $2.65 or so just to have a grande coffee???  Yes, it is a Starbucks but......had better.
3	It's Starbucks and it's Vegas, but still no excuse to overcharge for a cup of coffee.Usually a long line in the morning, even if they serve up cups of coffee faster than my local Starbucks. Friendly service too. I soon found out there was a coffee shop in THEHotel lobby, I think it was just called "THE Coffee Shop", that served a good cup of coffee for about a buck cheaper, just as friendly, without the long line.
4	Oh, this Starbucks isn't all that bad.  It's huge.  Lots of comfy seating.  The staff is nice.  They do charge a little bit more.  It's in a casino.  But they charge more at the airport, too, where you probably need it most.  Life goes on.  I'm pleased that they take a Starbucks card.  It pisses me off when casino Starbucks, like the one in the Golden Nugget, won't take the card.  The damn card is the only reason why I go to Starbucks instead of going out of my way for better coffee.This location is crazy efficient, too.  A little better in my experience than the one by the convention center. It's a good option while in Mandalay Bay.
3	It's Starbucks... If they screwed up, they'd just rename it Seattle's Best.It's in a resort, so it's expensiver and those patrons are employees and attendees of whatever convention is in town.The set up is nice and a bit unique.It's a Starbucks...
3	Meh, its a Starbucks in a hotel.  Its crowded, the staff isn't friendly (at least the staff at the counter isn't), and everything is overpriced.  Its not bad, but its also not great. Luckily the woman making our drinks was super super nice, which made up for the really angry and unpleasant woman at the counter.  Its certainly better coffee than the terrible coffee at the place right outside the elevators in Mandalay, so I guess it was worth it.
3	They were understaffed for a Sunday morning. There were 16 people in line and they only had one person at the register. This is the management's fault, though, not the employees' fault.The (expensive! at least $1 above regular Starbucks prices) drinks came out fairly quickly after we ordered since there were two people making drinks. The layout and look of the store was nice, but there was trash on the ground and a bunch of crumbs on a few tables..which was not pleasant to see right before leaving Vegas. :(
3	The staff is very nice at this Starbucks. It's right in the Mandalay Bay - the lines are super long. They take my Starbucks card - point right there! But they did not have the scanners for the phone app - hopefully soon!They move a little slower. But, eh, savor and enjoy.
3	Regular starbucks within Mendalay Bay. Super long lines. Service is ok. Prices yanked up $1-2 just because it is in Vegas,(really)
3	A Starbucks shop inside Mandalay Bay go figure only in Vegas. I am a big coffee drinker. Like most people, I love to have that first cup of coffee in the morning to get me going. But I also like to have a cup in the evening sometimes as well. We are not limited to the same old coffee flavors anymore; in recent years there has been a real jump in the numbers and kinds of flavored coffees available. I think that the best selection of flavored coffee can be found at Starbucks, which has become one of the best-known coffee brands in the United States. Of course, their reputation was built on their quaint little coffee shops. Unfortunately, these shops are limited in number, and many of us have to settle for a tiny coffee bar in our local Barnes and Noble store. The company has recognized the value of its' brand, and has branched out by selling their product at major grocery stores and on the Internet. Starbucks online is a nifty place to shop for this unique Seattle product, whether for yourself or for gifts. i really enjoy going to this Starbucks. The barista women there were so friendly and they definitely acted like they actually cared about how my day was going. We had casual chit chat ask where i am from and the service was very quick and above average. The drink mocha frap no whip was prepared exactly like i asked.
3	This Starbucks gets crowded early. Line can be hugely long. They abide by Starbucks standards so you will get what you order. They do accept the Starbucks card. However, at the time, they did not have the "scanner" thingy to use the iPhone app. But if you're in a hurry, the fastest way to get out of there is to charge your items to your room. If you can.
2	The line was way too long because there was only one cashier. They were getting mixed up with their orders and thats what made it really long.
2	There is nothing special about this place as matter a fact it is not as nice as a neighborhood Starbucks but what it is, is grossly over priced. Mandalay Bay is charging more than double what the normal price of coffee is. I pay $2.17 for a medium coffee and they charge $4.25!!!. This is beyond ridiculous even though I know it is aimed at fleecing the tourist I still find this shameful.Not even in the airport or the toll road system back east do they gouge people like this. My advice to anyone is stay thirsty my friends before you give Mandalay Bay a penny for a Starbucks coffee.
2	Probably the most expensive Starbucks I've ever seen, compared to the other resorts on the strip!I will give this one additional star since the staff was friendly and they do accept Starbucks Cards.
2	Overpriced in comparison to a regular Starbucks and unfriendly employees to make it even more special.
1	This store totally sucks.Regular tell (small) coffee charge $3, and not refillable. The store days it's own by hotel, not Starbucks.WTF, they put Starbucks logo mark, and not follow Starbucks policy. $3 for small coffee with no refill, I will never go this store again, never.By the way, $4 ice coffee with 3/4 full of ice, also not refillable.
1	This place is dumb.  Over over priced - dont go trust me.  Burnt - ass coffee for $5.
1	i went to starbucks and ordered a salted caramel mocha on ice. the lady replied to me a told me that they didnt have certain drinks and told me a whole list including every drink that had caramel. i ordered a peppermint mocha and waited patiently in line fore my drink to be made. the same lady prepared my two drinks. when she was giving us our drinks she also put on the counter a caramel frappucino and gave me a tall drink when i ordered a grande drink. the lady had lied to me and told me they didnt have that drink and while i was ordering i heard that more caramel drinks were being made. i ordered a drink that i get every sungle time i go to starbucks and the lady said that it was a summer drink, a drink only available in the summer time. when i started drinking my drink i found that there was hair in my cup. i was  very disappointed and i will never come back.
