5	Came for soft opening night for family and friends. So far everything I have tried is excellent. Definitely will be coming back.Eric the Best bartender in Scottsdale! Very courteous and professional knows all answers about the drinks and food n is very attentive and knows his job and does an excellent job at it. Keep up the great work guys!
5	What a breath of fresh air....not only is the food amazing but the staff....wow. Made me feel like family.
5	Exceptional service, food, and delicious drinks!! I'm craving the grilled artichoke...wow such tasteful food
4	I had the pleasure of previewing Paul Martin's for lunch last week, before their official opening to the public...I met my friend Gelie and we had a pleasant, leisurely, and filling experience.  As to be expected with any new restaurant, it seems that the hostess / front area is still working on greeting, seating, confirming reservations, etc... but the great thing is that PMAG seems to have a ton of staff, so I'm hoping they will all "get it" in due time.Between Gelie and I, we tried the Chicken Tortilla Soup, the Kale Caesar salad, the Fish Tacos, the Mushroom Burger, and the Banana Cream Pie.  Nothing we had was to die for, but it was all tasty.  The service was attentive, ambiance comfortable, and I was pleased to see that despite being a chain (there are currently six California locations), they keep it local by using seasonal products from Valley farmers and purveyors including Black Mesa Ranch, Crow's Dairy Farm, Schreiner's, Hayden Mills, Queen Creek Olive Mill, and more... Their menu isn't overwhelming, but there's a decent amount to choose from.  When I return, I hope to try the artichoke appetizer and perhaps the Greek Salad with prawns and/or the Bistro Burger.  (Gelie and I actually missed that the Three Mushroom Burger we ordered was a mushroom patty and not a beef patty!)  We ate it anyways; who doesn't need more veggies?!Paul Martin's took over the location where J Alexander's used to be... I hope they stick around for awhile!
5	Went with a group last night and was surprised we were able to get in.  The service was very.....awkward.  It must have been our servers first serving job as well.  I chalked this up to being new so I'm not deducting anything.  Ordered the butchers board and appreciated the explanation about the different meats and cheeses. The "mine" bleu cheese was the best.  Ordered the prime strip and it was excellent.  Substituted the mashed potatoes and they were good but my friend said hers were cold.  She also just likes to complain.  Banana cream pie was good.  Had a kick to it.   Will be back again.
3	Honestly surprised this place has received a bunch of 5ers...They've redone the old J. Alexanders - the patio is spacious and airy and today at least [it's still spring...] had blooming orange trees so the atmosphere was really pleasant. We sat at one of the sofa/table combos and it was comfy and not at all awkward to eat. Decent crowd, nice hum and could have our own conversation unimpeded by surroundings. Boom. We were firing on all cylinders. Until the food. Service was prompt and attentive but not hovering. BP [biz partner] had the Asian Chopped and our server Dustin suggested the Greek Salad with Lemon Prawns [I was wavering between that and the Grilled Salmon Sandwich.] We both had iced tea - crisp, unsweetened, fine. Our salads came out and I was jealous. The Asian looked more appetizing than mine - better presentation and overall just looked more appetizing. Mine had whole butter lettuce [I mean, okay, but really? It's a salad. Why do I need to cut my lettuce, peeps?] Two different kinds of olives - which, if I really was an olive fan would have been great because there was very little else of substance. There was a nice amount of feta, way way waaaay too many tomatoes and I'm sorry, THREE prawns. Three. They tasted good but for $16, I would've had more protein if I'd ordered the sandwich. It just isn't a good value nor that great.  [$40 before tip for two salads and iced tea.] It's just a 'meh' from me - even the outstanding patio space doesn't save it.
5	Excellent food, nice atmosphere. Very large wine and beer selection. Would recommend!
5	We went to Paul Martins last night for dinner and were very pleased with our experience.  This is a brand new restaurant created by the owner of PF Changs. Our waiter, JASON, was terrific and super knowledgable providing us descriptive details of the food and suggestions such as a Pinot Noir imported from California.  This restaurant has a woodsy/steakhouse decor mixed with a zen ambiance of candles and stones. It is a casual atmosphere where you can dress up for a three course meal or come in and watch March Madness at the bar.  I highly suggest the salt and pepper prawns appetizer.  Again, most of my credit goes to our waiter who was extremely knowledgable, attentive, and accommodating.  I will be returning back for sure!
5	The management and seasoned service at this fine dining establishment are top-notch.  I would recommend checking it out!  75 wines by the glass!  Nice atmosphere on the outdoor patio.  Should get better and better!
3	Paul Martin's used to be J Alexanders and I liked the old restaurant. Food was very good at typical higher end Scottsdale prices. $14 cheeseburgers. $28 entrees. $8 Carrot cake was awesome. I was disappointed to see it go out of business.Now we have a California restaurant in it's place. I knew that the second I sat down at the bar. The place mat gave me the entire lowdown on the chickens. You know, the fact that they are not kept in cages. Is this important to you? Me neither. I just want a good meal with friendly service, nice atmosphere and a decent price. In this case, 3 out of four ain't bad. It's California cuisine because it's food with a social conscience that beats you over the head. Free range chickens, ethical farming, fair trade espressos... you get the idea. if you love that sort of stuff (and in reality, I know it's probably your girlfriend who does) than bon appetit. Have a not very large and average tasting $15.50 cheeseburger (cheese is extra) and sleep better because the chickens aren't in cages.The place does have a nice atmosphere, but so does Houston's across the street and so did J Alexanders.  Very friendly wait staff. Food delivery was quick. Beer selection is limited. Maybe the wine list was better. Don't know. Not a wine guy.I left wishing I had been able to find a seat at "Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers" in old town Scottsdale. Good food at a decent price. Do they have ethically farmed local ingredients? They don't say and in all honesty I couldn't care less.
3	Came here for lunch on a weekday, the first week they opened. I can understand that there are always kinks to iron out at a new opening but my experience was just blah. Not good, not bad..I was with an elderly companion.  After being greeted at the front door the first question from the host/manager was do you have a reservation?  Not, how are you or how is your day going. (No, we don't have a reservation, its 11 am on a wednesday and you've been open 3 days..) We were then asked if we prefer inside or outside. I told them that my friend doesn't like drafty patios much so inside would be best. We were then brought to a table right next to the open screen of that drafty patio. While I thought it looked like a lovely enclosed patio with citrus trees and cute lights, that table was obviously not going to work.After getting settled into a setback booth the awkward service,  or over - servicing rather, started. I think it was his first serving job so I can cut him a little slack, he was very kind and definitely friendly, just so so awkward. I don't understand it when servers announce their actions. (I will go get your iced teas and be right back with them, I will put your spinach dip in and be back to answer any questions, I'm going to take your plate if you're finished, I see you didn't use your silverware for your appetizers so I dont need to give you new ones..) its idle chatter, sounds unprofessional,  and is so unnecessary.  I know you're coming back with stuff I order...that's why I am here. Service should be unobtrusive at a place like what they're going for, you shouldn't interrupt your diners conversation to complete a list of service points you have to hit. They have a lot of fine tuning to do.Another awkward thing was the staff that werent waiting on tables all standing around against the walls and watching service. I'm not sure if they were managers, corporate guys, or servers as they were all dressed nice. But the staring was uncomfortable..at least smile while you're watching. And you just opened, I'm sure there's something to do somewhere.Oh yeah...the food! Nothing to write home about. Nothing stood out on the menu as different than any of the other upscale american grills in the area. They do use all local purveyors and boast a scratch kitchen, which is always a nice touch. I guess I was expecting some new and exciting can't get everywhere menu items to go with that.
4	The happy hour food was amazing! Great atmosphere and very nice service. Was really busy though....call ahead!
5	This place knows how to train their staff!  Outstanding wait service!  It was comparable to a 5 star restaurant!  The food was excellent and we were informed about the menu including they make everything from scratch using the freshest local ingredients, depending on what is available seasonally.  Really enjoyed this experience!
1	went here for the second time tonight. our first experience (it's the food) not so great. so tonight we decided to give it a second shot. sadly, our second time was even worse. the service is okay. we always sit at the bar. it's the food that is extremely disappointing. our bill was $125. we had 4 glasses of wine, an app, a salad and the french dip. the french fries were the best thing we had. our app, the street steak tacos, just okay. loaded with giant bites of fat that i picked away before taking a bite. next our chicken salad and french dip. the chicken salad was BAD. the chicken disintegrated into a paste/powder. i ate about 1/4 of the salad. the french dip served on a focaccia roll. focaccia i've seen for breakfast and lunch sandwiches, not dinner. awful. i had a stomach ache by the time we left the restaurant. we are weekly patrons of houston's across the street and there is a reason. the food is ALWAYS good and the service is beyond amazing. we were looking forward to have a new haunt to enjoy, but houston's will be it, not paul martin's. very disappointing. food BAD.
4	Very good experience, overall. Service was excellent, food was very good. I had the cedar plank salmon with mashed potatoes...excellent! There is a 42.00 steak that two others split but "it wasn't worth it". Deserts were overpriced but good. The only complaint was how cold it was in the dining room.
2	Really disappointing. Dropped by here on a Friday night with my wife hoping for a good dinner but all we got was marginally decent food that was very pricey.Cocktails were 10 dollars each, not bad, but didn't really taste too good. nothing special.Servers were unpolished. Felt like they were all newly hired.Food was not that good. New York Strip Steak was a small portion. Tasted all right, but not nearly enough for a young man. Asked for medium rare but got it medium. Wife ordered medium sandwich but got rare. Had to send it back (after waiting for 10 minutes). Overall, came out to 40 a pop, but was a lackluster meal.
1	Will not return to this restaurant.  Food is a big disappointment and management is overbearing and pushy. We waited over 30 minutes for food.  When we sat down 6 olives and some almonds were placed on table for 8 people.  After we ordered meals 6 slices of bread were delivered.   Mushroom  soup served cold, French Dip is ok (better in New River) and Prime Rib is fatty with a pile of mashed potatoes.  The best was the salad, but it only had several varies of lettuce in it, but dressing was good.   Can find good salads in many other places close by,  will not recommend to friends.  Prices are on the high side even for Scottsdale.  Waiter was best part.  He knew the dishes and was attentive to needs.   He deserves a 4 or 5 for his service and the handicap he works with the quality and management.
2	After visiting this stylish new restaurant three times I was disappointed in the food three times.  First time:After struggling to find anything on the menu that appealed to me, I ordered the fish tacos.  I was surprised to see the tacos made with Salmon.  If I wanted Salmon I would have ordered Salmon.  They were just ok but,  not what I had hoped for.Second time: I ordered a hamburger.  It was difficult to cut it in half as I hit on a verytough piece of meat.  Then, when I was eating it, I bit on a tough piece thatI could not chew so I had to spit it out.  Lost my appetite for the rest of the meal.Third time:Got to be better this time right??  I odered Tortilla Soup.  Huge disappointment.  The bowl was small, there were VERY few pieces of chickenbut, one the the pieces was a chunk of fat that had to  be spit out!!Summary:  Disappointed in the food,  prices too high, happy hour below average.Many better restaurnants in town.  Paul Flemming.....how did you miss on this one?My recommendation:  For great Tortilla Soup  go to  Roaring Fork.  For all otherfood, you can't go wrong at Houston's.Nan
5	What an awesome new place to enjoy an amazing experience! Paul Martins really got every detail down from the greeting at the door to the impeccable service and food received threw out! My wife and I came to AZ for a weekend getaway from San Diego and I am proud to say we found our new go to when in Scottsdale!   After having an awful experience at the place across the street the night before we found out that the new guy on the block really has it down. The management should be proud as they really hit a home run selecting the staff and training them to provide service we haven't seen in AZ before. You got to try this great new restaurant!
5	In Scottsdale from New York City for business. Great restaurant!5-7pm happy hour special ($13) gets you a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a tall handcrafted beer. Nice deal! Big portions, nice simple flavors. Perfectly cooked. Homemade mayo was a nice touch.What brought me here is that everything is made from scratch and they work with local farms and businesses. Their meat is also humanely raised. You can taste and feel the difference. America needs more places like this and we need to support them.
5	In Scottsdale from Seattle on business.  Paul Martin's was near the hotel so my business colleague and I thought we would give the place a try.   Initial impression from the parking lot was that it may be out of our price range.   But we were pleasantly surprised by the food prices as well as the service.  I had the skirt stake which was outstanding.   And Mary, our server did an awesome job in taking care of us.   I would highly recommend!
5	We had a great experience going here for our anniversary. The food was amazing!  We ordered the shrimp, fish tacos, and spare ribs. All were fabulous. Plus the servers were very attentive and kind. We would definitely go back!
2	Living around this restaurant, I have been meaning to stop in and experience it. My mother and I arrive at around 1 and instead of being asked where our seating preference is, we were lead outside, in the 100 degree heat. Our hostess was kind and directed us to probably the most uncomfortable table in the entire restaurant, I had to suggest a nicer table to finally come to rest at a low booth (one open of many). Now this would not usually be a problem, however when I'm paying 13 dollars for a burger, expectations of service are raised. The food itself was delicious, tender and fresh ingredients were used. The ambiance itself left something to be desired as the 'top hits of today' rang through the speakers. Maybe it's just me, but I prefer to not eat my lunch listening to Home by Philip Philips. Our waiter was kind and speedy; however, as I previously stated, spending $60+ on lunch I would rather go to Houston's than this restaurant for the same exact menu, better service, and a better ambiance.
4	Had lunch today with a friend. This could be a great date place.  It has a lovely interior and the outside patio looks like a great place for a date.We both had the Grilled Salmon. I like mine cooked well and often that means dry and overcooked. It's tough not to over do. But Paul Martin got it just right. It was cooked all the way through and still moist. I thought the portion was large - especially for lunch. The bread didn't win any points. It was kind of a slab of bread and easily skipped (helps the diet plan!).We ended with their Banana Cream PIe and coffee. The Banana Cream pie had a thin layer of chocolate. It didn't overwhelm the bananas. Banana Cream pie can be a heavy dessert. This was light and didn't overwhelm the senses. The coffee was great.Everyone who worked there, were pleasant, polite and had great smiles. They certainly gave the feeling that we were welcomed. The only things that slightly f took away from the experience. We were at a booth right next to the kitchen. There's a whole row of booths that are parallel to the kitchen. There was a lot of noise before the restaurant was half full. We sat at the outside edge of the booth to hear over the noise. Odd for a place like this. And the service was great once they discovered us. I sat for over 10 minutes without being acknowledged by a waiter or asking if I wanted a drink while I waited for my friend. My friend arrived and it was almost another 10 minutes before we were noticed. The waiter made up for it - service was amazing after that. Just odd because the restaurant wasn't that busy and many waiters went by but no one seemed to take notice. Very minor point and certainly the waiter gave fantastic service after that.
4	The skirt steak had so much flavor! I wanted more of it!!  The roasted chicken was delicious with mashed potatoes as well. Great deal two entrees and a bottle of wine for $49:)
4	Went here with some friends visiting from Chicago, good food and service was excellent.
1	Bad. Just plain bad, especially for the price.Food: AppetizersSpinach dip- gross. Honestly disgusting. Most spinach dip is thick with melted cheese, cream, chopped spinach, etc. This was whole pieces of spinach in what seemed to be Campbells cream of (?) soup and some melted cheese on top. Comes with bread, not a dipping appetizer, I had to use a spoon to ladel some onto my bread.Cheese board: pretty good. Nice variety of cheeses and meats, though it did not come with any additional bread or crackers. They price it at $12/person, which is weird and a little confusing (does each person have to pay $12 or can you just order one "person" for the whole table?). The latter is true and we ordered 2 "people" for 5 of us and it was enough. Calamari: my favorite part of the meal. Fried really nicely and great flavor.EntreesPrime new York steak: $42. Absolutely not worth $42. I ordered MR and it came medium. Did not taste like a high quality steak. Came with spinach with no flavor and fried potatoes which were the best part of the plate.French dip: OK but not great. Fairly juicy but not what i would expect from a restaurant like this. The horseradish had the consistency of ranch and did not have much flavor. Fries were very good.Short rib: very juicy. No real complaints but it didn't blow me away. Two others ordered fish plates which I did not try. However both were swimming in some sort of juice/sauce and neither person finished their plate.DessertChocolate cake: solid. Chocolate lovers dreamDrinks:Bloody Mary: spicy (good for me) but it was very thin looking and lacked flavor. Even my wife (who hates BM's) mentioned that it looked thinMargarita: terrible. It was just sweet and sour and silver tequila. No gran marnier or orange juice or anything that resembled fresh juice. Supposedly the sweet and sour is made in house, but its a very poor recipe if that's true. Service:Complete garbage for the prices they charge. We waited 5 minutes (at least) from the time we sat until anyone greeted us and took drink orders. Another 5 minutes or so to actually get drinks. Then probably 15 minutes before he came back to get our food orders, by then we just ordered our food an appetizers together. The servers dont seem to help each other out much either. Each time food and drinks were brought to the table, our server had to make 2 trips. Drink refills were relatively slow, but not terrible. Table management was awful. My margarita glass was empty after 15 minutes and then sat on the table for the rest of the meal until we stood up. One ordered wine but her wine glass was still removed from the table (prior to being served her first glass). When he brought the wine he had to go back to get another glass. Overall we were there for 2 hours. Will never go back. If you want to pay the same amount for dinner but get a quality meal and excellent service, go across the street. If you want to get the same service and food but don't want to pay the $$$, go to....any chain restaurant of your choice.
4	Talk about a great place... The atmosphere is really nice.. They have a splendid outdoor patio for happy hour...The happy hour menu is solid for food and drinks.. 5 buck mojitos...We enjoyed dinner as well.
4	We had a good lunch. The difference between 4 and 5 stars was primarily the cost for a simple lunch with wine. I think it is a bit expensive for the selection and particularly the wines. The cheapest attractive entrees were $11 and the cheapest red wine was $9 (I bought a good wine for $10.)  I had tacos and they were good. Friend had burger and cheapest alternative was $13 but he says it was good. Both had salad which was good but on a hot plate. Excellent wine list by the glass though expensive. Beer list interesting but I didn't check prices. Good waiter and good assistants
5	A great american restuarant. The burger is the best in the valley. Also like the BLT with great fries. You won't be disappointed with other items on the menu.The service is just great.
5	Service was excellent! Imad was our waiter very knowledgable of the menu. I had the cedar plank salmon and my boyfriend had the skirt steak both very good. Monday night special a bottle of wine two salads and any entree for 50$! So cheap. We also had the strawberry shortcake and banana cream pie super yum!!!
4	Had a really nice anniversary dinner with my husband.  The service was great, atmosphere nice, a little loud, but it was a Saturday night.  The food was spot on...fresh, tasty and came quickly.  They even gave us a desert for our occasion.  We'll definitely go back with friends for a nice night out.
1	My boyfriend and I went to Paul Martin's for the first time this evening. We were excited to try something new, but received the worst service I have ever experienced. It took a long time for the waitress to take our drink order. My boyfriend waited 20 mins to get his beer. After sometime we noticed tables around us had received complimentary bread, but none was offered to us. We had to ask. From the time we ordered our entrees it took us an hour to receive our meal. In this time a family of 4 was seated next to us. They ordered, received their meals and paid for their meals and we were still waiting. The food was not worth the wait. Our side salads were lettuce with approximately 5 grape tomatoes. The fish was over cooked. Our bill was very overpriced for the quality of food and service we received. We will not be returning or recommending this restaurant.
5	Best burger I've ever had! Only complaint was the fries were a little salty for my taste.. That's the worst of it.. Friendly staff.. Swanky atmosphere.. Prices weren't unreasonable..
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about with Paul Martin's...I'd like to give it 2.5 stars, but rather than round up, I'm rounding down. Looking beyond the really nice decor and well done interior remodel of the restaurant formerly known as J. Alexander's, everything else seemed very lack luster.I made a call to get a group of three on the waiting list on a Friday night, and the hostess almost seemed confused at my request. When we arrived, we were told that the hostess only had marked us down for a group of two...alright, no big deal, an honest mistake I guess. There was about a 20 minute wait so we decided to get some drinks at the bar. It was pretty crowded, but the bartender was fairly dismissive and not overly friendly upon our arrival, just a quick delivery of the menu and "what will you be drinking?"..hmm okay.When we got the text message that our table was ready, the same absent minded hostess sat us, and only brought two menus. I'm not sure what the deal was, but we clearly had a party of three, c'mon now! When our server arrived, he was kind enough to offer a smile and a proper greeting. We ordered the bruschetta appetizer right away and had our drink order placed. When he came back over, he spieled the specials for the night - and REALLY emphasized the new bruschetta, which we had already ordered. At this point, the series of service miscues were almost laughable to us and we figured we were already there so let's just roll with the punches.Entrees came out, and my girlfriend had the steak cobb salad which was good, her mom had the polenta which was fine, and I had the New York French Dip which is their "twist" on a prime rib shaved sandwich. It instead has shaved New York strip on it and I must say, I was completely underwhelmed by the flavor of the sandwich - just bland, bland, bland.Honestly, I know I'm ranting and raving in this review, but it was a totally mediocre experience. It is amazing what a remodel can do to a restaurant, as it was pretty full and seemed more lively than when J. Alexander's was the occupant, but I don't think the food is any better - in my opinion, its not even as good and the service is definitely not up to par. Maybe I'll give Paul Martin's a second chance, but I'll keep my regularity and loyalty to Houston's and Hillstone for my All-American cuisine fix.
3	Our server was the best, I mean over the top kind of service and I always appreciate over the top kind of service.This might sound odd to you but we ordered a side of broccolini and I'm still dreaming about it.  It was so simple, yet sometimes the simplest of flavors seem to make my tastebuds scream the most.  So tip, get the broccolini all to yourself.  We also ordered a side of the macaroni and cheese, which was creamy, crunchy (from the prosciutto) and also a favorite.My dish was the winner for the night.  The short ribs were tender and melt in your mouth good, that with the broccolini, what more do you need.  My husband enjoyed his skirt steak but was disappointed that the menu said potatoes as the side and he ended up with three huge tomatoes on his plate.
4	We decided to try this restaurant on a Sunday night. We were greeted promptly and seated right away in this most attractive restaurant. The decor is most inviting, casual, but, elegant. Our wait-person was friendly and extremely knowledgeable regarding the menu. They bring a small serving of almonds and olives to enjoy with your cocktails. We decided to split the Calamari appetizer. It arrive fresh and perfectly prepared. We ordered the  Chimichurri steak, and the house hamburger plate. Both came perfectly prepared, med-rare, as ordered. Both came with their house fries which were nice and fresh, but, a little too salty. The burger, with cheese was nice and juicy, made with flavorful beef. The bun, very important, was nice. The Chimichurri steak was excellent. Tender and flavorful, and, cooked perfectly. There was no room for desert, but, we did order de-caf coffee, which arrived barely warm. Most disappointing since this is the last thing served. I would definitely return, the entrees were excellent, the service friendly and professional, and, the decor beautiful.P.S.- they offer a daily special, until 7p.m. of a burger, fries and a beer, all for $13.00, a great deal.
5	I have been here several times and I absolutely love it. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is nice, and the service is consistently on point. I also LOVE that the majority of the food is local and organic. I had a girls night there this past weekend and we had a blast, the manager Mike came by and was super nice. My favorites here: mushroom burger, mushroom soup, kale Ceaser, the steak w/ chimichurri, short ribs, banana cream pie, chocolate cake and there is a lemon champagne cocktail that is delish!!
5	We had a great dinner. I ordered the brick chicken and my Mom got the braised short ribs. The portions were huge so we took it home. Our server was Angelo and he was fantastic. He answered all our questions and was so friendly and professional. We will definitely be back again.
3	Restaurant is located where J. Alexander's was and decided to eat there because of a $25 off coupon in the mail. Made reservations for 3 on a Friday night without any trouble via Open Table. Inside and out, the only difference between the current decor and that from J. Alexander's is the name on the door! Seems like exact same store.Food was good. No one had any complaints but wasn't blown away either. I had a rib eye and spinach for $36. Wasn't especially good, and was too salty but it wasn't tough and was prepped as I asked. Overall I feel like this is another restaurant typically found in Scottsdale; a little over priced not great food served in a nice atmosphere. I suppose I'd eat here again but if I had to choose between this place and Roaring Fork, RF would win every time.
4	We decided to try this place Monday as we knew it changed. Got seated right away and our waiter came quickly. Nice gentleman named Michael. Very pleasant. He explained Monday night was $49 wine/dinner night for two. We could pick ANY entree and any bottle of wine that had a box next to it. Along with that was two salads included. We were "confused." HAHA We were excited that we stumbled onto such a great deal. We selected a bottle of AZ wine which cost more then the deal deal, but again, it was included! The salads were local, organic greens with champagne vinaigrette. Very fresh and nice size serving. We had the Chimichurri Hanger Steak that came with perfect shoestring fries and they were hot! Nice compliment to the perfectly cooked steak. We also tried the St Louis Style Ribs with corn on the cob. Ribs we tasty, not dry. The corn had a little too much cheese but it was good. The manager, Claude checked on us twice and we told him we would be back and how the service is impeccable and the food delish! There was also another manager who came by as well. They made sure our dining experience was a good one and it was. We will be back on a Monday. Best deal on town!
3	I'm really shocked and suprised at the reviews.  Yes, great atmosphere and great service, but the food is ok considering the price.  I would rate this an overpriced resteraunt wuth good food, but on the bland side.  Not worth the money.
3	Actually closer to 3.5 stars. The restaurant's menu is as generic as the name. If you don't like seafood or meat - you are certainly not going find much to eat here. The menu is not creative and the dishes are all standard. As far as the food goes...I had a burger and it was excellent - cooked to perfection, which is a plus. When I asked the waiter, he said the meat was organic, but I am suspicious because it wasn't mentioned that way on the menu. The salad that accompanied it was awesome too. My date had the polenta, which was supposed to be served with freshly grated Parmesan cheese,  but wasn't. She also mentioned there wasn't enough sauce served with her dish and had to ask for more. I had a beer, in which I was charged more then what the menu said it cost and she had a glass of wine. For dessert, we split the strawberry shortcake. Yes, it was delicious, but jeez for $10 could they be any more skimpy on the strawberries? There weren't even enough slices to taste one in every bite. It was more like powdered sugar, fresh biscuit and whipped cream with a strawberry garnish. Although they were thinly sliced, I can't imagine there were more than two and half small strawberries served in the dish. The service was very good. Perhaps, my only complaint is that our waiter did not give us enough time to try our meals before he asked how our food was. The manager did briefly stop by our table. I would not go back to this restaurant without another coupon and even then - it wasn't really a great deal. This place is way overpriced. I agree with a previous Yelper that Roaring Fork is much better. I'd also add so is Seasons 52.
5	Great place . Monday special with salads entree choices and choice of several bottles of wine a great deal at $50 . Tuesday night fried chicken dinner at $20 also. Friendly efficient service. We will be back next time in Arizona for sure!
4	Went here for a Birthday dinner - perfect spot for this!!! I had the homemade lemonade, it was full of flavor! Beware of the  salted butter with the starter bread, it almost kicked me on the ground. They also start you off with a small cup of almonds and olives. Not a fan of olives but the almonds are so nice. I chose the Marinated Skirt Steak for dinner and traded out the fries for mac and cheese. The steak was great, very little fat and flavorful. Mac and cheese was AMAZING!!! I would come here again!
2	I'd made reservations for a birthday dinner for my partner and myself for 7-28-2014.  Earlier in the day I dropped off flowers and card and asked for them to be on the table when we arrived.  Well...we arrived and NO Flowers and NO Card.  I spoke with the Manager and he said "oh you want those now? We didn't know what you wanted us to do with them"  I understand miscommunication, but in front of the dining party to give excuses and accusations was  unprofessional.  Yes they immediately brought them out and apologized profusely and gave us 2 $10.00 gift cards. Really?  That won't even cover cocktails for 2 people. We felt that was kind of insulting.I'd been to Paul Martin's before and had good service and the food is always good.  Just when there was something out of the ordinary, they completely dropped the ball.Food was good, the service a bit rushed at first until we asked to take our time.Very Disappointed!
5	I don't know what the bad reviews are! People in a cranky mood, who were at a different restaurant is the only explanation. This place was so great for dinner. Definitely trying to give off a higher end vibe, which is fine, I appreciate great fine dining service! But they don't even have to go that fancy with the service, the food seriously speaks for itself and is wonderful. We had the spinach dip to start which was fantastic and the best I've had. It came with delicious slices of bread and sun dried tomato. Fiance had the short rib, a perfect portion size and delicious. I ordered the steak cobb with a side of mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was great, I wouldn't say I need it but it was definitely tasty. The salad on the other hand was so beautiful in presentation and I loved every bite. I didn't even use the blue cheese dressing they brought on the side. The vinaigrette it is tossed in is perfect. Service could not have been better- our waters were never empty, servers were attentive while not being annoying or overbearing and the ambiance is quiet. You can get away with being both casual and dressy here.I highly recommend Paul Martins for Lunch or Dinner. The servers are excellent and the food top notch.
3	The first time we went, we thought, WOW, good stuff. But the second time we did not like it. And we had really simple stuff. They recommended the brick chicken. It was nothing special. Bandera is better. The Salmon was ok - again, I could do the same at home. The mashed potatoes had little taste.
5	HOLY COW.This place is unbelievably good.My fiance and I were very impressed.  The service was amazing from the hostess to the server to the manager who stopped by to check in on us.The food was out of this world.  The spinach dip appetizer is probably the best I've ever had.  The Short Rib is unbeatable.  The Steak Cobb Salad is incredible.  My mouth is literally watering ... this restaurant is not only worth going to, but worth returning to over and over again.ENJOY!!
4	Decided to try this nearby eatery and came away quite satisfied. While the food was slow to come out, when it arrived it was satisfying and very tasty. The closer for us was our server. Morgan was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable and made us feel like we were her only table. We will return.
5	We love Paul Martin's American Grill. The salmon grilled on a cedar plank is fabulous, and the short ribs are killer. They have a wonderful deal on Monday nights (called Monday night wine dinner) and you get two organic salads, two entrees (any entree on the menu) and a bottle of wine (good selection) for $49!! In addition, their Happy Hour is wonderful! The staff is cordial and friendly (we like that in Scottsdale) AND they use local ingredients where they can. What's not to love?
4	WOW!! Great food, great service,  it needs no more needs no more words go try it but save me a spot at the community table in the bar
4	Decided to stop in for dinner after my customer event and sat at the bar for dinner.  place was lively and inviting and service was good at the bar.  I started with a Manhattan that was made very well, and then had the steak cobb salad which was excellent and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity.   definitely would recommend this spot.
4	The happy hour has a great menu at a fair price. The service was great as well. The only thing that I was a bit disappointed in was that the happy hour is only in the bar area and the bar is very small with a few 4 seat high tables and two community tables. I have never really been a fan of the community tables. But overall the experience was great and the food was yummy.
4	Their happy hour runs fro 3-8 and for $13 you can get a burger, craft beer and fries.  The beer I had last time was a Sonoran Victorian IPA from a local Phoenix brewery.  It was very good and paired well with the burger and fries.  The fries were crispy and some of the best I've had anywhere.
5	A truly excellent experience all-around.This Scottsdale outpost of the upscale chain features soft lighting, a jazzy soundtrack, and phenomenal food and service.A complimentary dish of local olives and almonds kicks off the meal, with a small, locally-sourced menu heavy on beef (with several chicken and fish options as well). No matter your choice, you will not be disappointed.I ordered the skirt steak, the slices of marinated beef cooked to a perfect medium rare and accented by the bright flavor of fresh arugula and meaty heirloom tomatoes. A wine list contained some formidable selections, with a few craft beers added in. Just as a fine cabernet sauvignon can compliment a steak, so can a bottle of North Coast Old Rasputin imperial stout.Dessert selections were just as well-prepared and ranged from an assortment of house-made ice creams, a banana cream pie, and a decadently rich devil's food cake.While not flawless (the bread, much touted by the wait staff, arrived lukewarm and with just a dab of butter), it is as good a dining experience as you will find in Scottsdale.
4	Great service and the food was really good.
1	I am a big (and I mean really, really, big) fan of Paul Martin's. My partner and crime Brian V. and I have gone to the El Segundo location for years and go to the new Rancho Cucamonga location at least once a week. That being said, we were looking forward to visiting the Scottsdale location while here on vacation. We dined here three times in 4 days, the first two being for happy hour and the last one for dinner. We had a great experience for the happy hours, and thought we had a great experience for dinner...until the food poisoning hit. Yes, Brian V., my partner in crime, had the seafood platter as his starter, and within 1 hour of finishing our meal (as we were shopping in the Scottsdale Fashion Square) the chills, sweat, and uncontrollable vomiting began.  I got him back to the hotel and promptly called the restaurant to alert them to the problem. Michael, the manager I spoke with was not very helpful, and clearly did not know how to handle the situation. He told me to check in with the other manager tomorrow morning...yeah, not helpful. As I write this at 11:20 pm poor Brian V. is very ill, vomiting and experiencing diarrhea. Thanks for ruining our vacation Scottsdale Paul Martin's.
5	Had a fantastic lunch experience here.  Dark warm woods in the interior.  Felt like a lodge with modern accents (reminded me of Disneyland's Grand Californian Hotel).  My friend & I tried the Bistro Burgers (adding avocado and Arizona cheddar - a must).  As a fan of both Fleming's and Ruth Chris' burgers, I have found a new favorite burger in the valley!   Comes with fries (get the sweet potato - perfectly cooked and very flavorful).  Or try the house-made coleslaw - amazing.  We added a side of grilled corn with chilli aoli & cotija cheese - the description alone should tempt you...and it delivers big on flavor.  Capped it off by sharing a piece of the Devil's Food Cake - added a scoop of vanilla ice cream per server's recommendation - thanks Michelle! perfect compliment to the rich dark chocolate ganache in the cake.  Will be back soon!
5	My bff and I came here for the first time.  The manager Clyde and the team were awesome.  I love the fact that the staff is  dressed professionally even though the atmosphere is casual. Our server Derek was awesome.  The brunch is a great value! :)  $14 Fresh fruit, biscuits,  beverage (bloody mary, screwdriver and mimosa***fresh squeezed orange juice***) entree. LolYou will love it.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  We showed up around 6:00 pm for their advertised "Taste of Paul Martin's" happy hour menu.  I asked the hostess if it mattered where we sat for that menu.  Well, it did.  You have your choice of the high-top tables around the perimeter, the communal tables (like picnic tables with people packed in like sardines) or the bar.  As she pointed out, they were all full. So I asked if we could be put on a waiting list.  No, they don't do that.  I asked if we could have made a reservation.  They don't do that either.  So, I said, "so what are we supposed to do, stand in front of a table & wait until the people leave?"  And the answer, shockingly, was unfortunately that's pretty much what you have to do.  She was sorry that was how it is, but that's how  it is.  So if a table opens & there are others waiting, whoever can run the fastest gets the table?  Is this any way to run a business of any kind, let alone a restaurant in Scottsdale?We were also offered the outside patio, which NO one was sitting at.  Why, you might ask?  Because it's August and it's 106 degrees out and they don't even have any misters.  I am not that desperate to eat in their establishment.  We waited for a little while and realized it was a total waste of a trip & waste of time, so we left.We will not be returning.  I have a feeling if I had not asked about the seating for the happy hour menu, we would have not been told and then been up-sold to their "dinner menu" and probably would have still ended up leaving anyway.I would love to hear anyone else's experience with their happy hour seating.
3	The decor of this place is really nice.  They have black and white photos of food hanging on the walls everywhere that really make you hungry!  I also like their private "room" in the back for larger parties.  I put room in quotations bc the table is separated from the rest of the dining area by thick curtains.Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed with the entree I ordered: chimichurri steak with fries.  The steak was flavorless, or if it did have any flavor, it was overpowered by the STRONG charred flavor from the outside of the steak.  Basically, all I was tasting was something charred, with the texture of a steak on the inside.  And I ordered my steak medium rare so there was no reason for it to be so charred.  After a few bites I asked my friend if she liked the steak (she ordered the same thing as me) and she said it tasted fine, so maybe it was just me.  But she also likes her steaks well done with no pink inside at all.  Anyway, I didn't even finish half of it and just took the leftovers home to my dogs.  My dogs gave the food 5 stars!  But they also eat grass and sometimes their own poop, so that's not saying much.On top of the overwhelming char flavor, the oil from the food (I'm assuming from the chimichurri sauce) was all over the plate.  It was too much oil!  and it was getting underneath the fries and making them soggy with oil.  Mergh, for $21 I expected more.I did appreciate that they had regular parking, as well as a valet.  I hate places where you are forced to valet your car.
5	Excellent Restaurant Week selection. Beautiful decor, tasty food and excellent service. Our server, Angelo was knowledgeable and friendly. It could not have been better.
4	A friend and I decided to try Paul Martin's during restaurant week. Great choice. Neither of us had been here before but I'll certainly be back. We both ordered from the restaurant week menu. I had a wonderful wild mushroom soup and  grilled salmon. My friend had kale salad and short ribs. Both were prepared well and served hot. We had a great server who graciously packaged up our leftovers.We both commented on the nice ambience, and choice of music.
5	We went a few weeks ago.  Everything was good.  Calamari was flavorful and cooked perfect.  I had the chicken under a brick and it was pretty stellar.  I'd go again for that.  Perfectly cooked.  The mahi my wife had was a great dish too.  Drinks were well poured and everything was reasonable in cost.  We'll go again
4	This place is quickly becoming one of my favorite Happy Hours (and in Scottsdale, that is saying a lot!) The food is fresh and mostly organic. The servers are friendly and helpful. The drinks are top shelf ie Tito's martinis and the soft seating on the patio is super comfy!
4	Summary - terrific restaurantAmbience:  great balance between fancy and casual. You can come dressed up or in jeans. Bar:  Eric was great, and made a mean old fashioned. It's the mark of a good bar to me., but they have a wide variety of items. In addition, they have some decent happy hour options. Food:  I had the organic green salad (with peanut sauce) and the hangar steak. To me, any restaurant that had hangar steak on the menu is on its way to a good review. I special ordered it blackened (like their ribeye), and it did not disappoint. It was cooked to taste (med rare), and the flavor was great.  For under $25, it was a great value. Dessert included the ice cream trio - their mocha is legit - and the others hold their own. Service was very good - I ate at the bar, and their service was on par with great restaurants.  If you're in Scottsdale, it's worth a visit.  Not 5 stars only because I don't typically give those out (not that I know anything). But I would definitely come back.
5	I have never had a poor experience at Paul Martin's, the service is impeccable.  The manager both seated us and brought our wine.  The food is incredible, I haven't had a meal that was less than exceptional.  It functions as a well oiled machine.  Everything about Paul Martin's is superb, I ALWAYS look forward to my next visit.
5	An excellent place for any occasion. Besides the great entrees, grilled artichoke was awesome. Angelo was on top of his game with excellent service and recommendations.
4	So my mom told me about this place and insisted we get happy hour together there, and when my mom likes a restaurant, it's kind of a big deal because she's pretty picky. My boyfriend and I met my parents there for happy hour the other week. It's wonderful that the HH goes until 8PM because my boyfriend works late so he was finally able to make it to a HH! We got to sit out on the patio in the comfy cushioned chairs. I really need to remember to start writing down our servers' names because he was fantastic. We ordered from the "Taste of Paul Martin's Menu" which is their way of saying Happy Hour. My boyfriend ordered the St. Louis Style Pork Ribs and I ordered the $13 special which comes with a burger (there's 3 choices available), fries (sweet potato, regular, or mixed), and a beer...all for $13!! The burger was very very yummy and incredibly juicy. Not one of us left a scrap of food on our plates. I had a chance to check out their full menu and it looks like a place I definitely want to come back to and try out. Happy hour = fantastic. Full dining experience = forthcoming.
4	This place is Good for a light dinner and cocktails,  They do NOT have a kids menu but a few good options for the little ones are the Mac N Cheese my 7yr old son rated it a 6-7 the cheese burger is a good option as well.  I ordered a few oysters $3 each so why not right they were D lish !  my son had a Shirley temple which he did not care for I guess they make their own grenadine in house but he wasn't impressed and honestly neither was I, it was sour not sweet had an orange flavor rather than a cherry flavor.  We ordered a Cheese burger with side salad, OMG the Ranch is the Bomb.com!! they make it fresh daily.  I'm a huge ranch fan!   I'll give it a 9 it was plenty of food for one adult and child we will totally be back he did feel like a big boy because they didn't have crayons so if you have small kids be prepared to keep them entertained
5	This place has unexpectedly become one of my favorite if not favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.   I originally came here because it's close to my house and offers 1000 point tables on opentable.   I have since been back several times.  They have great specials Sunday through Wednesday.  Monday's they have a 3 course dinner for two and a bottle of wine for $49.  Tuesday's they offer a 3 course fried chicken dinner for $22.   Besides the fried chicken,  my favorite dish here is the brick chicken.   It's perfectly marinated with the perfect amount of herbs and spices.   Their menu is simple and delicious.
5	We visited this very sexy and modern restaurant for dinner last Saturday evening.  We were seated on the patio which had heaters if necessary.  Our server was Caryn, and she was on her toes at all times.  She definitely knows her menu and made many recommendations on the wine and the food.  She did point out the 3 course special which consists of a $30 per person menu + $5 glass of wine.  We both ordered the short ribs with the kale salad and ice cream and short bread cookies for dessert.  This was my first experience with kale salad and it will not be the last - it was delicious!  The meat on the ribs melted in your mouth as did the fluffy mashed potatoes.  The manager brought me the wine and he checked in with us later during the meal.  Caryn was delightful as our server and was both pleasant and interesting.  She conveys the mood of the restaurant - efficient, young, hip and in touch with the surroundings.  We left the restaurant very satisfied with our experience!
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars, because I am torn.  Paul Martin's is just "okay."  The atmosphere and servers/service are great.  However, the food is nothing to write home about.  The selection is rather small, and the price was a little high for what we ate.  They also made some odd choices, like the fish tacos are salmon instead of the usual white fish.  The portions are a good size, and the French fries and mushroom soup were good.  I might try this place again one day, just to see if I can get a truly "4-star" experience.
2	Walked out before even ordering.  They were not busy at all but waitress took FOREVER just to bring drinks.  By that time we had changed our mid.  Very pricey and limited menu.  The name 'American Grill' can be deceptive.  Try 'Newport Beach overpriced nuevo American but mostly just trendy'...
1	Need a NEW menu that describes what you are serving people!  Butter salad was all field greens with a couple pieces of butter lettuce.  Quinoa and bulgar wheat side dish was mostly arugula with a little quinoa.  Salmon was served dry and overcooked.  I had to cut it with a knife!  Noisy.  Came home hungry!
5	Came into the restaurant without a reservation on a Saturday with my wife and 7 year old son.  Was seated promptly despite not having reservations.  The service was efficient and friendly and very accommodating towards my child.  Although there was no children's menu, waiter helped us figure out a good option.  Ordered the salmon and steak and must say to our surprise it was beyond delicious.  Plus my son's mac & cheese was outstanding.  For those like us visiting the area for vacation, this is a great place to spend a meal.  With all of the options in Scottsdale and navigating local culture and attitude this was a no brainer.
5	LOVE everything about this place! The food is prepared perfectly and the service is outstanding (thank you for doing such a great job on Sunday David)! I've read reviews that the restaurant is overpriced, but I disagree. The quality and freshness of the food is worth every penny! I look forward to going back often especially since the menu is seasonal.
4	One word...service!I'm extremely impressed with their service here. Our server was attentive and my water was always filled. Only thing was he didn't refill our bread.We ordered the cheese board, mussels, chicken parm., and the clam linguine. The mussels are tasty and spicy (be warn). The chicken parm. was decent but I would recommend ordering something else. My clam linguine was delicious. Perfect amount of clam to linguine ratio!! Now that's hard to find. Overall, I would go back again. Just have to pick the right dish!
5	What can I say?   Desserts is amazing.  Not too sweet.  . Housemade Eggnog was delicous.   Dustin was a great server.  :)
4	Very impressive restaurant. The service staff are extremely attentive, the food is excellent. We love sitting at the bar for happy hour. Their burger, fries and a cold beer is only $13.00. The burger was done perfectly on a toasted sourdough bun. The sweet potato fries were hot and crisp.
5	We come here at least once a month for their Sunday prime rib. It really is delicious! And we feel like we are stealing the price is so good! How can you beat $25 for a salad, a large piece of prime rib with mashed potatoes, and homemade ice cream? They also have a Monday night wine dinner (great deal!!) and a fried chicken Tuesday which I've heard is also very good!  The atmosphere is very nice-beautiful wood beamed high ceilings with fresh orchid arrangements and very comfy booths with dim lighting. The staff is top notch and the entrees are great.  we've had the chimichurri steak (yummy and garlicky!) the free range chicken-small portion but equally as tasty, the marinated skirt steak is cooked perfectly and very tender...the street tacos are pretty good as well if you want an appetizer. We are regulars here :)
5	Great service (Thomas was excellent). Very friendly and informative. Love the bar set up. Ladies you can hang your purse and charge your phone!Great daily happy hour menu with awesome hours 3pm-8pm. Now the food... Great happy hour bites at a great price with no sacrifice of quality or taste! I'm sure the rest of the menu will not disappoint. Seasonal menu. Fresh ingredients. Love love love! Just hoping Paul Miller brings this restaurant to the East!!!
4	Our first time here! Very relaxing and service was excellent! James and the manager took care of us! We enjoyed the food.
3	Paul Martin's has a lot going for it - too bad the stuff on the periphery was bad. Paul Martin's is a nice and rather classy steakhouse that definitely reminds me of D.C. steakhouses. The lighting is dark but pleasant, the music energetic but quiet, and the ambiance rather pleasant. The food is also good. I had the Sunday special offering, which is salad, prime rib, and ice cream for $25. The salad was good and had a decent flavor palette without being overwhelming.  The prime rib was tender and had an amazing spice rub that took it to the next level, but the interior was something of a vast wasteland of okay meat. The desert didn't happen for me - they had no options for lactose intolerant patrons, which was rather disappointing (and perplexing, given the upper echelons this place places itself in). The service was rather poor. The server was clearly overwhelmed at times - at one point, he responded to our lactose intolerance inquiry by telling us that the ice cream was gluten free. It actually became rather offensive when we were made to feel guilty about using one of their gift cards - I have no idea why a steakhouse would make paying customers feel so awkward about using a gift card they sold!Long story short, the food here is four stars, the service two. Three seems appropriate.
3	I went to Paul Martin's on Sunday evening to try out their Sunday prime rib special based on the recommendation of some family members who enjoyed the prime rib on a prior visit. The Sunday special is only $25 and includes an organic green salad, prime rib with mashed potatoes, and homemade ice cream for dessert.Green salad - surprisingly, I really enjoyed the salad. I thought the vinaigrette was delicious (it was a sweet/sour dressing) and enjoyed the mixture of greens. Prime rib - Very large portion. I ordered my prime rib medium rare and thought it was cooked well. Although the edges of the prime rib were more medium/well-done than medium rare, there was a lot of meat and I was pretty full by the end of the entree. In fact, I had them box some to go. I would have preferred a little more seasoning, especially since it started to get a little bland by the time I finished half the prime rib. However, I think it's well worth the price and definitely filling.Ice cream - There were three scoops of ice cream: vanilla, chocolate, and their seasonal ginger bread. The ice cream was good (I enjoyed the vanilla the most), but again, there wasn't anything particularly "wow" factor about the dessert.Service: This is where I had the biggest issue with my dinner at Paul Martin's. On multiple occasions we had to remind our waiter that one of our party had a food allergy and could not eat the dessert. Our waiter then misheard the type of food allergy we specified and we had to restate the allergy. Furthermore, we bought a gift card on that same day and were told by the waiter that he wasn't sure if we could use the gift card despite the fact that we had been told by the manager that we could. (I honestly have no idea why a restaurant would have problems with us using their gift card.) We then had to wait for the waiter to go check with the manager (who we had already talked to) and come back to inform us that, yes, of course we could use the gift card. However, during the meal itself, the waiter did a good job checking in with us and asking about the food.I'm giving this 3 stars because although I did not think the food was particularly mind-blowing, I thought it was a great deal for the price and very filling. As a side note, I have not had the opportunity to try other foods besides the prime rib special. I docked a star for the service.
5	If every restaurant could take a lesson from Paul Martin's on how to perfect the quality of food and customer service, bad Yelp reviews wouldn't exist. I am writing this review on a full stomach of delicious cuisine, but it was more than just good food. It was the excellent experience in general. First off, they accept reservations which is a huge plus during the busy season. We made a reservation and upon arrival, we were seated right away. From the moment we sat down until the moment we left, it was a pleasant experience. Our waiter Jeremy is 50% responsible for the great experience. He greeted us as if we were personal VIP guests of Paul Martin's American Grill (which we were not, just random customers). He was incredibly knowledgeable and educated us on the brand, food and history of Paul Martin's. I had no idea this restaurant is a concept of and owned by Mr. Fleming of Fleming's Steakhouse. All of their food is made in-house from scratch and much of it is sourced locally form Arizona. I gained so much knowledge in such a short period of time, without ever feeling like I was being talked at. It was just friendly conversation by Jeremy who is truly passionate about Paul Martin's and it shows. Jeremy pointed us in the right direction with everything we ordered and I'm glad we took his advice! We started with the calamari which is not your average rubbery calamari. No, this is cod calamari and it seriously puts any other calamari to shame. The seasonings and freshness of the dish made it taste so good I didn't want the dish to end. We almost didn't get it at first because we figured it would just be like every other calamari we had, but we were definitely wrong. For dinner, I had the short ribs and mashed potatoes, thanks to Jeremy's suggestion. The meat was tender, juicy and flavorful with each and every bite. The mashed potatoes were just as amazing as the short ribs themselves. For dessert, I gobbled up several bites of the pear and huckleberry cobbler which was delectable to the core and topped with their homemade ice cream. Between the combination of excellent service from Jeremy and delicious food from Paul Martin's, I'd say this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in awhile. I just wish we had given this restaurant a try much earlier! Now we will definitely find our way back again soon. PS - They offer brunch on the weekend for just $14 for a pre-fixe menu. I can't wait to try it!
5	We went here with our kids and our particular mom. The staff was amazing and so accommodating. The food was delicious and fast. We will definitely go back!
5	Great place!
4	It's a beautiful restaurant lots of parkingFront desk is outstandingTables and decorations top notchMenu has a great selectionBar is full the selection is great Bartenders great and friendlyWaiter very knowledgeable and friendlyGreat selection of wine decent pricesPrice were consistent with other. Nice restaurantsWhy not a 5 star Dear Chef Please were in 2015 Salt is not the only seasoning.
5	We went there for New Years Eve. James was our server. He was great and the food was great. We had the salt and pepper prawns with the grilled salmon. The salmon was simple and one of the best I have tasted! We ended with the pear and huckleberry cobbler - great stuff!
5	I was quite impressed with the service, but the food put me over the top! Everything at this restaurant is all natural, made at the restaurant. Nothing is frozen and you can tell, the food was phenomenal, I will definitely be back!
