5	Bad childhood experiences with dentists made me afraid of them, but "Pam" Caggiano permanetly "cured" me of that, because she is, in my humble opinion, TOTALLY PAINLESS, so there's no reason to be hesitant about sitting in her chair.She's everything a dental expert SHOULD be, but usually isn't:  She's cordial, friendly, personable, drop-dead gorgeous and attentive to her patients' needs.  And here is what makes her especially fantastic:Once in awhile (NOT every time, mind you), she will call you up at home (after a procedure) to "check up" on you, and see that everything is OK.  For example, she might ask, "Are you still having any pains?"  or, "Are you experiencing any discomfort from your visit with me?"  She REALLY CARES!On Friday, February 10, 2012, I needed to see her for an "emergency" procedure, due to a lower anterior tooth breaking, while I was having breakfast.  Fortunately, she happened to be open that particular Friday (she closes on Fridays, sometimes) and after explaining my situation, she ushered me right in.It took her about a half hour to totally remove that troublesome tooth, because it had to be removed IN PIECES.  This, of course, was not her fault at all; it was just a bad tooth that rotted to the point where it had to removed little by little, and the root of the tooth was firmly "anchored" in my jawbone.But, even though it took a long time to fully remove my tooth, I want everyone to know that the entire procedure was TOTALLY PAINLESS, and even though I experienced the feeling of pressure, the pressure wasn't painful or intolerable at all.I was warned by her that when the anesthetic from the procedure wore off, that the area of extraction might be "tender" and possibly painful, but, to my surprise, after the numbness was gone, I felt NO PAIN whatsoever, and the pain pills she prescribed for me, were not needed, nor utilized.When choosing a dental professional, you need to make certain that they have these two qualities: Gentleness and Honesty.Dr. Pamela Caggiano has BOTH of them, and in great abundance.  I can assure you that if you visit her just one time, you will never wish to patronize anyone else.She's THE BEST, and my dentist for life.
5	All of your fears about going to the dentist are thrown out the window when you're here. Dr. Pam and her staff do an awesome job at making sure you're taken care of.
