3	I've been to Vegas enough times to be bored with the basics (drink, gamble, try to pick up some girl out of my league), so I was excited to hear of different things to do in town.With our group of 7, I'd hoped we'd play some private games, but this place has larger games than what i'm used to. You probably need to pay a lot of money to get some private games.The melee style game got old real quick. I'm a bigger fan of the team game which is similar to capture the flag. The attendant there said that they only play team games during the overnight kid parties.I have no interest in having a slumber party with a bunch 12 year olds just so I can play my favorite style of laser tag, that's just me.The suits are alright, the course is compact but with lots of hidey places and mirrors to bounce off of, but like I said, the game just gets boring If you're just running around shooting.Screw the stupid tweens who walk behind you and keep shooting you after your suit gets active again.Tranq darts might be a good thing to use - it's dark inside and no one'll see you knock the annoying kid out.
3	The last 15 years have NOT been kind to laser tag in the Vegas Valley! Ultrazone has been closed, its building demolished and the land turned into a McDonalds/gas station. Laser Force is no more. It's down to Laser Quest and the Adventuredome being the only places in town you can go to experience this game. The facility itself is in a nice shopping center - one of the nicer ones in the North Las Vegas area. The property itself has a few arcade games and such that you can play while you wait for your game to begin. The selection of games isn't as good as it was at those now-defunct facilities, but I can't really complain there, since this is a laser tag facility first and an arcade second.The game itself just isn't as fun here. The guns used are EXTREMELY large and bulky, and uncomfortable to hold - I have come out of here with a severely blistered finger on many occasions. It's pretty sad when I have to wear garden gloves in a laser tag game to keep from getting my hands blistered. The laser tag arena is very impressive, taking place on a main first story but with several second story balconies. Disappointingly, it lacks the innovations of other laser tag facilities, like bases and bonus items you can destroy for more points. The place is usually crowded, so be ready to face crowds of young, obnoxious children who whine every time you shoot them in the game. Also, don't plan on playing any "private" games unless you reserve the facility. While the facility is in a good location, it is inconvenient for us Henderson residents, who are WAY on the other end of town. They seriously need to open a second property out this way.There aren't many laser tag options left, so this is one of your few choices - and between it and the Adventuredome, I'll take it. It's a good facility, I just wish it was great.
4	its fun to go with a group of friends to play. I've been here 3 times and the times we went there were a lot of kids there but hey its laser tag! The last time we went though there were people in there that were pro's they would camp in the corners and know exactly when you were coming around that corner to get you! I liked it a lot. YES you get to make up yoru own nicknames and after they have a score board so you can see where you place so it was fun.
5	Since the Laser Quest in Las Vegas opened in 1998 or 1999, this has been one of my favorite places in the valley to hang out and have a good time.Admittedly, I did have a lot more fun playing the game when I was between the ages of 12-18 since it's such a great place to hang out for high-schoolers and middle-schoolers, but I still have a blast every time I go....otherwise I wouldn't be coming back after playing thousands of games!I can't exactly remember how much games are running for these days, but I will say this. If you like the first game you play and you plan to play a lot, buy a membership. It saves you money every time you play, and it adds up quickly if you get really into it.This particular version of the game is very simple and enjoyable for a couple of reasons. 1) There isn't a heat sensor on the bottom of the gun that you have to hold while you shoot. This is incredibly convenient because I like to shoot with one hand sometimes.2) There aren't any bases around the arena you can shoot to get extra points so you can focus on just running around shooting the other players.3) There are plenty of targets on each pack to shoot people....shoulders, front, back, the sides of the laser gun and down the barrel of the gun. It gives you so much stuff to aim for!4) The maze is wicked cool and HUGE. There are three towers you can shoot from as well as an extensive floor space. The mirrors on the walls are also fun to bounce shots off of and sometimes you can catch people by surprise with themOnce a month, they do a lock-in event from 11:45PM-6AM where you can pretty much play as many games as you want in those hours. It's a fantastic deal and a great time. In addition, they sometimes play different types of games instead of the free-for-all games you get during normal business hours. They also have a handful of video games out in the lobby to play while you're waiting for the game.Admittedly, I haven't tried Battle Blast yet, but this is probably the best laser tag you'll find in town. Most definitely light years ahead of the horrible equipment they have at the Adventuredome at Circus Circus. Come down and have fun!
2	Went for a grown-up birthday. We didn't wind up playing as there was a 40 minute wait. But the main room smelled terrible, like stale french fries and urine. Yes, urine. Staff was friendly, but I will  not go back. Kids inside seemed to be having fun.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Vegas for spring break and believe it or not we wanted to have fun doing something else besides gambling! Anyway, we decided to give laser quest a try and we had a blast! Yes we're not kids anymore but who cares, the staff at laser quest are so awesome and fun they helped us feel like kids again! I have only played laser tag once before and the maze in vegas was wayyyyy better! We had a good time and will definitely return whenever we're in vegas. Thanks for the great time LQ! And FYI, it smells pretty damn clean in there, i dont know what Amanda A was talking about. Check it out for yourself!
4	Went here last Friday with the kids, and boy did they have a great time. Took the lil ones to chuckie cheese next door while my oldest and his friends did it up at laser tag. Relatively cheap and will be bringing them again.
4	Yesterday was my first time back here since I was in middle school!  I came here with 4 of my friends around 8:00 pm, since this place closes at 9:00 pm on Thursdays we were able to squeeze a quick game in.  For a normal 20 minute game, it was $8.50 per person.  Since it was a week day night, it was only the five of us playing in the massive maze.  The playing ground was quite impressive.  It has multiple levels, mirrors, mazes and fog.  There was no music however, so all you could hear was the 5 of us idiots yelling and screaming.  I forgot how much fun laser tag was and how great of a workout it was!  My friends and I will definitely be back!
5	We have visited most of the Laser Tag facilities in Las Vegas, and Laser Quest is hands down our favorite.  This is why we selected it to host our sons 9th birthday party there this past weekend.  The entire management team and staff were more than friendly and accomidating to us.  They did an EXCELLENT job!  The kids absolutely love this place and are already asking when they can go back.  We were able to bring in any outside food and drinks we wanted which was great since we have one child with an allergy.  However, they also had a great discount on pizza through Papa Johns.  We all played in the Laser Quest games, and it being my first time I was very impressed with the game and layout of the battlefield. It was all darkly lit up and the multi color glow in the dark paint was awesome, it must have been as big as a warehouse and was two stories tall.  It made me feel like I was in one of the video games my son plays, I can now appreciate why he loves the place so much.  It truely was a great family moment and we bult memories of his 9th birthday party that will never be forgotten.  I would recommend this venue to anyone looking for a place to hold a birthday party or just for some family fun.
5	What a great place to take the kids while visiting family! We had a lot of fun and the staff here were very nice. They were also very helpful and accommodating to the little ones. I recommend this place for those with kids who need to let them get some energy out of their system! Thanks again Laser Quest, we had a blast!!!
4	Laser Quest.. A fun family friendly activity where shooting your friends is still ok and futuristic sounds and lights can make your head spin.  They have the same base price of 8.50 per game as most of the laser tag places in town with a current promotion of 3 games per person for 19.They have 3 party rooms and some basic video games.You get to choose your own name and assign it to your weapon yourself.The course is not really identifiable as a specific place, it consists of ramps and obstacles with places to shoot from above, underneath, and the sides.  There are very few places to hide for long as even the floors expose you.There is no viewing section so if you aren't playing, you don't get to see anything until the scores are posted.There is only a vending machine, no actual over the counter drinks or food.Membership costs $10.00 and gets you some swag and a 2 dollar discount on every game.All in all a fun time. Wish it had over the counter food and a viewing section but other than that, it scores.
4	Having two young kids, 6 years old, I've been to my fair share of birthday parties in town. Laser Quest was one of my favorites! Oh, the kids liked it too. The venue is a bit on the small side but has everything you'd need for a birthday party, or just a fun night out. The entrance is filled with a couple air hockey tables, vending machines, and video games. Before the game starts, you're asked to give yourself a codename and this is how you're tracked inside (how many people you hit, how many hit you).Once you enter the fun zone, you're given a harness/vest equipped with three targets and a laser gun, asked the repeat the playroom rules, and off you go into a black light lit room (everything glows!). Each round is about 15 minutes and it is seriously a lot of fun, especially with a bunch of little kids. The only thing I'd caution someone about is the harness/vest thing is heavy. Way too heavy for your average 6/7 year old (though I have to say the girls, including mine, seemed to struggle more than the boys). Parents can wear the harness/vest for their kid which allows said kid carry just the laser gun. The vest and gun are attached by a plastic string so your kid can't venture off without you. I'd highly recommend this venue for a birthday party, especially if you have older kids.
4	One of my favorite laser tag place to take my little brother to. A bit pricey but it's okay for the area that they have. It's two stories once you get in the battle area and a lot of areas to hide and shoot. Their gear is actually pretty good as well.
4	Enjoyable time with the wife and son.
5	Laser Quest is the best!!! We had a corporate team building event here and everything was coordinated and executed great. We all forgot how tiring laser tag can actually be....LOLWoody and Jasmine worked wonderfully with me to coordinate everything. We had a group of about 25 employees and they all had a wonderful time. They assisted us with food, were flexible with payment (1/2 due at deposit, second half due day of event). They set everything up competition style for our company and helped us announce winners.They followed up with us with a hand written note and pictures from the event. This personal touch was awesome and not something you see from companies anymore.
5	I brought my son and one of his friends here last week. I have nothing but nice things to say here. The staff was very friendly, polite, and treated the kids with respect. The prices were fairly reasonable. Giving the kids a night of entertainment AND tiring them out was well worth the cost of admission.
