3	This little nook was just a great location for a quick stop. Last summer,  It was a hot day so my friend and I decided to get a pitcher of Sangria, out on patio. It was actually not bad, they through in fresh apples and strawberries which made quite enjoyable.
4	We went there for dinner tonight and loved it!  I wouldn't say the pizza is "authentic" in every right, but it was pretty close to the pizza we ate in 3 different Italian cities a few months ago. Even the pizza in Italy varies widely, so who's to say what's authentic anyway? Our waitress was more than we could have asked for. My husband and I were visiting Montreal with our two year old daughter and the entire staff there was very nice to her and went out of their way to throw out all the stops. We had a stroller and they were quite accommodating to that and gave us a place to store it away from our table. The waitress talked to our daughter and brought her markers and blank white placemats to draw on.  I have grown to appreciate the servers who acknowledge her presence beyond being an added mess maker, so when they go out of their way to engage with her, it makes me feel much more relaxed and welcomed as a guest. The bar staff, who prepared our drinks, put a little flower on her straw and didn't bat an eye when we asked for another straw because she broke hers. The waitress was attentive and didn't hover (I hate that) and because the restaurant is pretty small, was never very far away. I do agree that it's a little strange that they offer a note inside the check holders recommending a 15% tip for service, but not all countries tip their servers, so it's nice they offer that information. Besides, in the US at least I've seem many checks come with a "tip table" to show the customer how much a 10%, 15%, or 20% tip would amount to, which is pretty much demanding the same thing. We gladly tipped her this evening and I wouldn't let that deter me from going again. My only complaint is the bathroom was pretty much a sauna and very, very small so going there twice with my potty training child, wasn't the highlight of my dining experience, but who rates a restaurant for that???
1	Okay food, semi-rude service. We stopped in for a late dinner (~9.45pm) and the waiter happily welcomed us in. The food was alright, nothing special but not terrible either. Then, at 10.30pm, just as we were finishing our drinks, they turned the music off and turned on the lights - it was a strange way to basically kick us out, even though we had paid and were about to leave! 45 mins-an hour for dinner is not overly lengthy - if they didn't want to stay open, they could have simply said when we walked in the door.
1	Went to this place with my girlfriend on a saturday. We chose the place because it look nice from the outside. Took the waiter about 10 minutes to acknowledge that we were there. My girlfriend wanted to substitute her side for a Cesar salad and they refused to, i wanted to add cheese to my burger and got the same answer "we don't have cheese for burgers" being a pizza place i would had been happy with some mozzarella cheese. My girlfriends stale was un-edible. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!
1	I rarely rate 1 star but It was terrible service. The waiter was mad all the time. I guess he was not happy to work on Christmas eve around 8:30pm. At the end, he wrote down his tip at the end of the check. I really had when a waiter write or tells you that his tip is 15% or above. Seriously, I decide what I want to pay. His service did not deserve that much money. The waiter did not let us finish our wine when he was bringing the check. I will never go back to the restaurant. Food was ok nothing that I would like to try again. We ordered pizza, lasagna and steak et  frites.
4	We had a great dinner experience on 12/25.It was the only (or almost the only) restaurant opened than day.My girl friend had the 4 cheeses pasta and I had the 4 cheeses pizza.Both dishes were pretty good.For desert, the chocolate mousse was airy and tasted delicious
