5	Seafood/Fish is a food I'm trying to eat more of.  I recently had family in town and a cousin of mine that lives here recommended this place to my brother-in-law.  So we drove to the Mariscos Las Islitas on North Pecos.  It is located in the Town Square shopping plaza.  I wasn't sure what to expect but since I was trying to discover seafood I figured what the heck.  I was blown away not only by the portions but by how delicious the fish was.  I had the grilled salmon.  The menu confused me a bit.  I thought I had ordered something else but was so glad I got what I did.  The fish was tender and the grilled parts of the fish added that fresh grilled taste from a bbq grill.  It was accompanied with rice with veggies mixed in (sooo good) and with steamed vegetables.  I couldn't eat it all so I brought the rest home.  I have been craving more fish since then.  The only thing I didn't care for was the guys (musicians) looking to perform while you ate.  Once you tell them no thank you they leave you alone.  Not a deal breaker to have them there I just don't care for it.  The prices may be a little intimidating.  I paid $15.00 for my grilled salmon.  While a bit on the pricey side for my range I was ok with it since I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.The staff is super friendly. I can't wait to go back.
3	*The seafood here is really good. I know I've had better though. I did not like the fish civiche tostada... so stay clear of that. But everything else is awesome.*Almost always busy, the wait time to be seated could be a while but people still wait. You can tell the employees want to get their customers seated as quickly as possible.*There's live mariachi playing so this is no place to have an extensive conversation with someone... it is however, great for charades and miming. More like a big happy family eatery.*The waitress we had would take a bit, but that just may be because of how busy it was when we went (Sunday). They did take our drink and food order quickly.*Food presentation is fantastic, they use different kinds of platters, bowls and even a big Mexican mortar is used to serve some dishes.
5	best seafood in vegas..luv itt!!!!!! wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	service ok, food amazing!!! would drive to vegas just to eat here!!! best oysters everrrrrrrrrr!!!
2	Ordered a whole mojara frita was disappointed it was over cooked ,and dry.  When I received my order ot corn tortillas they were NOT homemade.  Asked the waitress and she said the lady was not able to make them.  I say the lady rolling out the dough.  Left the fish and tortillas a waste of money.
2	Came here based on the decent rating. Disappointed...I do have a slight shellfish allergy so didn't try and shrimp dishes but got the combo fajitas and they were at best mediocre. The beef was suspect. I did really like the salsa that came when I first sat. That was the highlight. The live music was IMO way too loud and unfortunately not good at all. I can appreciate a live band but unfortunately I just didn't feel it.
4	I love this place. It's the best place to go for hang over cures. Love the food and love the environment.
4	Crazy how much their menu prices have increased throughout the years but even with that said, I continue to come back. In the north side of town, sketchy corner of Pecos and Washinton but this place is worth every penny! This place has earned bragging rights I must say. Their shrimp ceviche is BOMB-BAY! Fish Tacos-BOMB, Fried Fish Fillet-BOMB, Everything-BOMB! Need to say more?.....Atmosphere: Here's the kicker....the live band/mariachi guys are ANNOYING! It is SO flipping loud to the point where you cannot hear the person sitting next to you. These guys are part of a soliciting army that goes in there while you are looking through the menu and waiting on food. You have the custom made jewelry lady, the deaf/blind guy asking for donations, the bootleg CD guy, the charity chocolate kid, and the flower girl all at the same time trying to sell you goods...it's like waiting to cross the border into San Diego. Then you have the Paisas who want to eat you/undress you with one look. Very uncomfortable. But I promise the meal will be all worth it! ;-)
4	Im from San Diego we have the best food and mariscos but this is as close as it gets pretty good
1	Very dirty, noisy, the ac unit on the side of the bar area was leaking on me they did not serve my drinks first after all that 20 minutes of waiting I got up and left maybe it was just that one in a million but no I will never return.
4	First visit here and I loved it!!!! I had the Camarones Imperiales and they were amazing!!! Cheese empanadas were good  with the green sauce!!! I will def come back whenever I'm in Vegas! I dont think you can wrong with anything you order. It all looks delish!!
4	Have had their carne asada plate, their quesadillas, camarones a la diabla & their breaded shrimp & I have to say its probably one of the best Mexican seafood restaurants in town(not to mention I can walk there from where I live). It's also across the street from Freedom Park so you can always take a walk after you're done eating.
4	Fish tacos were so fresh and flavorful! ! Guacamole was great went perfectly with the michelada! Awesome meal...little pricey, but still yummy.
1	Good food but not worth the price.... customer service was horrible. Never asked if we needed anything. .. definitely won't go back
5	This place is delicioso! Their Ceviche de Cameron is bliss. Their Oysters prepadoras are even better. Home made Salsa with tostada shells and Micheladas! Yum. Don't forget to try their cheese empanadas!
5	Don't let the dark eyes and hair fool you. I'm as white as can be! So, I don't know a lot about mexican food. But I do about seafood and it is some of the best seafood I have EVER had. The oysters are perfect. My friend taught me that the secret to empanadas is to put a little mayonnaise on them! I have never been disappointed there.
1	This place is garbage.. my sister in law had a shrimp cocktail that was not cooked correctly.  And she got food poisoning. .and had to be take to the ER.. They did not take any responsibility to help or call the ambulance and they did not even want to give us water.. that's to show how guilty they are.. the food was garbage. . We paid for the food and we told them and they refused to take the shrimp cocktail off the bill. . Their agua chile was even worse.  Wads just a bunch of lemon with no seasoning. . I'm not posting out of hate,  I've eaten here before but the class and responsibility they showed today showed us how guilty they are...
1	The live music would be nice if it wasn't played over a speaker system that leaves your head pounding and your ears hurting. I sat down and ordered my drink, the waitress could barely hear what I was saying due to the music being so loud so I had to tell her 3x times I wanted a coke. She ended up bringing me a modelo. I ordered my food, the food came out wrong. I ordered a glass of water that I never got. The waitress never came back to our table until we had to run her down to pay our bill. This place is way over priced and the food is not all that great. The customer service was probably the worst I have had in awhile. Definitely won't be back!
5	I have heard about this place for years but never made it here until this year finally!!!! This place feels and looks like you've just gone to Mexico.  I order a molcajetes it came out still cooking, it was so good.  They have the best micheladas I have ever had!!!!! This place is definite worth the stop but next time I would stop there on the way to Vegas rather than on the way home.
4	Good service, the waitresses are very friendly! I had good tasting oysters. I also had ceviche de camaron  it was good too so were the empanadas. The micheladas could be better.
