5	Great new local pizza spot coming soon to chandler
5	I had a flyer on my door when I got home and decided immediately that I would give Pizza on 87 a chance!  The pizza, garlic knots, and the fried zucchini were amazing!  I definitely suggest you give them a try! Very prompt delivery too!!
3	Is this place open? I called the number to place an order from 6-7 PM  today, a  Wednesday, an all I got was a voicemail. That is the only reason for my low rating, it has nothing to do with the food, obviously as I never had the chance to place an order. But, if all I receive is a voicemail, repeatedly, how am I able to get a true review.I ended up ordering Domino's...Meh.
5	This is probably the best NY style pizza i've had outside of the east coast. My boyfriend's family of 10 came over and the only sensible option for a party that large is pizza, and this place is right down the street. We ordered it for delivery and it came promptly in 30 minutes like they said. Greasy, cheesy and it had a fluffy crust. Highly recommended. I will check out the actual restaurant next time I have a pizza craving!
5	Take it from a New Yorker....This place is GREAT!!!  The Big Azz slice is like two slices of goodness.  They have salads and garlic knots but it's the "back East" Pizza that's the star!!  Nothing like finding a little "slice" of home way out here!!  If you think you'll find better pizza FUGGEDABOUDIT!!!
5	Heard about a new spot on Arizona Ave, and had to try it.Walking into Pizza on 87th, you are struck by two things. First, it is immaculately clean. The place shines. The second thing is that you SMELL amazing food. Think about it, when you walk into a huge pizza chain, you don't smell anything. At Pizza on 87th your nose is met with the great scents of garlic, oregano, basil- all floating through the air.Pizza on 87th has a cool, industrial feel to it, there are pallets turned benches, and it's laid out nicely. Great customer service, the staff are friendly and provide great customer service.The food is the star here, and the pizza and the deals are tough to beat. I bought a large pizza and order of garlic knots and it was just over $10. It's pretty clear that Pizza on 87th would rather have customers for life, than gouge you and you never return.The pizza was very good, you could tell these guys know what they are doing, and use great ingredients. Fresh mozzarella, tasty pepperoni, and it is handled with care. One of the owners was telling me that they are working on having a really cozy patio, so large groups (in nice weather) can have their pizza and relax.Give this place a shot, you won't be disappointed. Pizza on 87th is where classic pizza meets great prices and service.
2	Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
5	Simply fantastic pizza, reasonably priced, incredibly friendly staff, and the garlic knots are brilliant. Pretty much a weekly staple for me.
5	The pizza was so good! HUGE, awesome cheesy slices and delicious crust.  I'm not normally a crust eater either, but I finished off whole slices. The sauce was very tasty as well.  I've probably eaten pizza from every pizza shop from Scottsdale to LA and this is one of the bests. (I've also lived in NE for 10 years so I feel I have some say in whats good in the pizza biz). Garlic knots were top notch! ;) Lastly, delivery was typical-30-45 mins but worth it!
5	Stopped in by accident. Live close by and never knew this place was here. Ordered the BIG A** slice of pizza. It is HUGE and tasty. The owner was very nice and friendly too. Girlfriend order just a pizza and that was good too. Will definitely be going back again.
5	Honestly the best pizza every by the slice is the way to go for lunch. Omg I'm n heaven.
5	Looks like I found me a new pizza spot.   Not only are the prices right but the pizza is amazing as well.   Very fast and super friendly service (for delivery).   Would highly recommend the garlic knots too they are delicious.   Do your self a favor and give this place a try you won't be disappointed.
5	We are so glad a new local pizza place opened so close to our house!We have ordered delivery from here numerous times now. The pizza always comes very hot and delivered very quickly. We have also tried the cheese bread and garlic knots, both very good. They are always very friendly when taking my order. Have not been into their actual store, but I can say their delivery service is superb.
5	Love ordering from this place.  Food typically arrives in under 30 mins.  Pizza and toppings are delicious - my new go-to for delivery .
5	Cool folks there. The food is really good. The menu is a bit confusing, but the food makes up for it. Give this place a shot you won't regret it.
5	Tried it for the 1st time tonight.  Kids and I loved it!  Pizza was amazing as were the garlic knots.  I also ordered the Greek salad...yum!!!  For $24 I fed my family and had leftovers.  Can't beat that!!
4	Just ordered pizza from here, the phones are a little weird.. First was on hold for 10 min then recalled and they took me right away.. So I think she forgot. Anyways she wrote down the completely wrong address and complex number! Poor pizza guy was so frustrated but so nice! Loved him and he was professional and stayed positive! As for the pizza it's amazing!! We got the big a pizza thinking it would feed four boys and a pregnant girl.. And it was perfect with left overs for munching later! The garlic knots are super good to as others have reviewed! Will order here again!
5	Great new place for pizza! Owner very friendly and helpful, offered us complimentary garlic knots with marinara sauce (yum).Pizza slices are very tasty and made fresh. Oh and the slices are huuuge!! Did i mention amazing prices too?
5	Pizza On 87 is just what my neighborhood needed.A local business focused on keeping their customers delighted, and serving delicious pizza.  I've noticed the owner chat with every customer, which is nice. You can tell he's invested in making this place the best it can be. I've watched this place transform the past couple of months, and it's been cool to see it go from just another building on Arizona Avenue to it's own unique feel.  Think licenses plates, pallets turned into seating, unique memorabilia. They even have this table that's a chalkboard for all you folks with little ones to keep entertained when dining out. Never actually ate here; always take out. But I know I'll be coming back once the hot weather dies down to enjoy dinner on one of the high tops on the patio. Draft beer? I'm in! Pizza on 87 cuts no corners. It's clear that the ingredients are incredibly fresh, and you can assume this is not frozen dough or industrially-canned sauces. The crust practically melts in your mouth. They're also affordable. One of the great specials is $10.87 for a Large Pepperoni Pizza and some Garlic Knots. Can we talk about those garlic knots?! So buttery and delicious, real chopped garlic and not garlic salt. I only get them if I know we're having friends over for fear of committing carbicide!Whether it's Pizza/Wine/Yoga Pants/Netflix night, or you're just seeking delicious pizza, check out this place out. I hope Pizza on 87 sticks around for a long time.
5	We got take out today, the delivery man was really nice and he was really enthusiastic about the product. He was not wrong the pizza was amazing! Even the twisted crust which just showed that they took pride in their work. The wings!!!!! WOW!!! The were out this world! The garlic knots were so moreish I had to restrain myself. It's nice to see a local business beating back big chain restaurants. Bottom line if you like good pizza and you support local business then this is the place for you.
5	There's nothing like a refreshing beer and Delicious  pizza and wings after a long hard week with your husband. Great customer service, you feel like family here. Can't wait until my next pizza cheat day. I know my prego sis in law who's a huge pizza fan will love it at this place
5	This is my new favorite place.  The pizza actually is the best you can get in this area if you are out of delivery range for La Famiglia.  A great NY style pizza with a twisted, thick, doughy end crust.  That is atypical for a NY pizza, but I really like it.My favorite other dishes (so far) are the fried pickles (omg they are so addictive) and their chef salad is like nothing you'd expect from pizza delivery places.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious and the presentation is laid out like a proper restaurant and not just thrown together in a fast paced who-gives-a-f#@! pizza kitchen.Even though they are just fried dough, the Berry Bites are really tasty.  I do wish they had more dessert options, but the little fried dough balls topped with icing and berry sauce hits the spot when you're wanting something sweet after dinner.Their wings are also pretty good with a nice variety of flavors.  I plan on trying more things eventually but I just can't stop eating the pizza and pickles for now.If these guys ever offered sandwiches and a few more desserts, I'd probably never have to order from anywhere else ever again.
5	I more often receive delivery rather than grab some take out, I finally was able to taste Pizza on 87. The Big A$$ Slice was huge!! Very delicious, and I also ordered fried zucchini.. one of my favorites. The zucchini was delicious crispy and flavorful, portion size wasn't optimal... however they did include ranch. Tasty and delish all the way around. If you chose to visit this location for a sit down meal they have great pizza and beer deals, that is something I will be happy to check out. The customer service was great, happy to serve and obviously proud of the food they provide to their customers. I definitely recommend Pizza on 87 for take out!I will be coming back!
5	This place is right down the street from us and we were looking for something quick and easy for dinner. The owner and staff are super friendly. We had our 5 year old with us so they gave her a paper plate to draw on (which they later hung up on the wall) and the chalkboard table was open so she was entertained with that, as well as watching the gentleman behind the window tossing and making the braided crust.  Pizza was delicious as was the beer in the chilled mason jar mugs.  We'll definitely be back!
5	I've been wanting to stop in for a while now after seeing Meagan B.'s excellent review.  Since I was on this pizza kick last week, I figured I might as well celebrate a nice long work week with a fresh hot pizza from Pizza on 87!What a great little place!  As soon as you walk in, the smell of fresh ingredients and herbs hits you.  I was drooling before I could get to the register.  Not knowing what to expect, I got the jumbo pizza with twelve wings special.  The check-in offer at the moment was $2 off garlic knots so I got those and some fried pickles [I've always wanted to try the deep-fried snack] as well.  I figured I might as well try a little bit of everything.  Anyways, w-hoa!  Flavor explosion!The crust is thin and crispy and they even knead it out in front of you behind a window at the shop.  It's flavorful and the twisted crust makes it feel like you're eating breadsticks.  We went with pepperoni for our one-topping so I really can't say too much on that.  The pizza was almost just as delicious right out of the fridge as it was when it was hot.  I didn't eat any wings since they were too spicy [Mr. W. is a fan of spice.  I'm more of a wuss].  The garlic knots... these were lovely.  They had chunks of garlic and were super buttery and soft.  The fried pickles went by much too fast but I think I'll pass on that next time.  I really wanted to try their Berry Bites!All this food for only $30!  Wow!  Leftovers for days!
4	We had a pizza & garlic knots & mozz sticks it was Delicious !! Def. Must try ! Not bad for the buck ! Fast delivery ! Only thing wish they would have gave us all drumsticks only on our wing order.... But that's ok still bomb !
1	Ordered a delivered pizza and garlic knots for first time. Garlic knots are good, pizza not so good.  The pizza arrived soggy.  I don't believe it was cook enough.  The toppings were good without the crust.
3	This place is right around the corner from my house and open late so it is always a temptingly convenient choice. The pizza is pretty meh, very greasy and nothing too special about it. The garlic knots I can definitely get down with, however the sauce served with them is also anticlimactic. The wings were cooked very nicely with a substantial amount of meat. Now I like my wings hot and saucey and in this aspect they did not disappoint! My mouth was on fire. Overall this is one of those places I will go to as a last result when nothing else is open or I don't want to venture too far.
5	Can't say enough about Pizza On 87! Tried it for the first time tonight with the kids (8 and 3). Pizza slice (a meal in itself!) 5 wings and a  20 oz(?) drink for less than $8! All four of us are for $30.17 (not including tip) and had pizza, wings, garlic knots and drinks (soda, no adult beverages this trip but plan to have them next time! Specials look great!) Owner helped us but the entire staff treated us like VIP guests as well including a special treat for the boys while we were there and another before we left! The only thing better than the food was the outstanding service! We will be back... And often.  We have been looking for a new "go to" pizza joint, and we found it!!!
3	Wings amazing! Best around!  Pizza cold and burnt and looked nothing like other pictures...completely bummed and wondering if I ordered wrong.  I got a pepperoni and cheese.  More grease than cheese though.  I love greasy NY style pizzas but usually it's smothered in cheese and not black on the bottom.  :(
5	Love this place! Their always so nice and the food is amazing! Love big a** pizza nice and thin!
2	Absolutely not impressed at all. After all the hype  and a friend who swore it was great I have been totally disappointed. I thought the pizza was so so it has no sauce and the cheese was broken down with holes everywhere like was fake or over cooked. The only thing that was good and not great was the dough. The Garlic Knotts sucked and the wings were so so reminded me of Pizza Hut gross. The pizza tasted horrible. I won't be back, the pizza at Quick Trip is better.
5	I am a fan. I am a pizza snob, as most people who come from Chicago are. I really enjoyed the pizza here, it was flavorful and reasonably priced. The wings were soooo good. They were not skimpy like how other establishments have them. I definitley will be returning. The owner is super friendly every time you call.
4	Really yummy pizza the big a$$ slice is definitely filling  garlic knots were soo good and their homemade chips are soo yummy! Loved this place!
5	This is my 3rd time eating at this place and my 1 st eating in no letdowns  so far !! great pizza great service great wing great portions and great prices  definetly a hidden gem  you have to come!!!
5	Pizza 87 is on my regular lunch circuit. They have a great NY style pizza and a drink for around $5.50. This slice is called the Big A$$ slice and will fill you up. Another nice touch is they give you a pizza cutting wheel with your slice so you can cut smaller pieces of that beastly slice. All you need is one slice at this place unless you are a total chow hound.
5	Great Pizza. Owner moved here from Big Boys Pizza! This place even better than that was. I will keep coming back here. Especially since I live closer.
3	Let me start off by saying I'm from buffalo NY. I like a little thicker crust then typical New York style and when I ordered from here, I asked then how they would describe their pizza, and they guy said New York style and I would agree. We ordered the large pizza and garlic knot special, and as someone else started in a previous review, the garlic knots were lacking a little bit. I don't know what was missing, but it just needed more flavor. The pizza was pretty good. It reminded me of the pizza I used to get back home. Had good flavor and they gave a good amount of toppings. If I could give three and a half stars I would, but it wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but I would order from them again. I wish they did a new client special, but when I asked they said they don't offer that at all, and they also don't do military discounts (most places don't).
3	Great people and good pizza. It is super thin crust with tons of flavor. Our only issue is that after two times of bringing home a large pie with everything on it, it is soggy.  I'm not sure if they are using frozen toppings or what but about 3 inches of the center of the pizza is soggy and watery. Taste is great, if you can get past that.  The garlic knots are tasty but a little bready. I would love to have the garlic butter baked into the knot but they are good.  Sadly, I don't think we'll be back due to the sogginess.
