4	Perched in the rooftop sculpture garden of Madison's new arts center, the Overture, Fresco has one of the best views in town.  Warmed by two glasses of red and three good friends, my experience there was pleasant (ifnot also slightly blurred by the syrah). Some fantastic scallops were followed by a fine beef tenderloin.  The sides (potatoes and a seasonal veggie) were a bit bland but nothing offensive.However, like so many FoodFight locations, Fresco is big on style and not much else. The price tags here don't equal the quality.  Head there to impress a date or out-of-towner with the view but don't expect too much from the meal.
4	The great view from Fresco's dining room combined with the fact that the restaurant sits above the newly opened contemporary art museum makes you feel as though you're in one of the big cities.  The food and wine were excellent, but pricey.  A great place for a date before a show at the Overture Center.
4	I love how this restaurant is encased by huge windows and offers beautiful views of the area.  I had dinner here last month and was very impressed.  Everything on the menu sounded so simple but was presented very artistically.  The Chips and Fish was a surprise.  I'd never had sea scallops prepared like flat potato chips.  It was delicious.  The Winter Squash Bisque was warm, velvety and awesome.  I liked how they used the almond brittle to add a different texture but I didn't prefer it that much.  The American Berkshire Pork was a little too salty from the salt and pepper crust for me, but it was very tasty and cooked perfectly along with the brussel sprouts.  The Organic Norwegian Salmon was perfect.  I loved the balsamic reduction and the crispy leeks - wow!  We didn't have room for dessert but we were given a complementary small box of two pieces of chocolate made by Madison chocolatier Gail Ambrosius.  The chocolate was incredible and  it was the perfect end to our Valentine's Day dinner!
3	After flaming the hell out of the Overture Center, I guess I *SHOULD* find something good about it.And Fresco is definitely that.  Not because it's particularly a good restaurant (it isn't actually) but because the decor and the drinks AND THE VIEW (especially at dusk) is just breathtaking.It's good for drinks before the show.  That's it.
2	Grade: D-An absolute waste of space. Outrageous prices and horrible service for okay food portions the size of a thimble - all so you can be seen with the "cool, hip art crowd" at the lame Overture Center... A Food Fight Inc. business. What a shock. Stay away!
4	I'm not really sure why some of the reviewers here are all up in arms about the food quality.  I thought the food was excellent!  It was by no means the greatest meal I've ever had, but it was delicious.The boy and I got to sit out outside and take in the (COMPLETELY STUNNING) view.  Since it was sunset-time, we got to see the Capitol building light up and be all breathtakingly gorgeous and what have you.  Yes, you do mostly pay for the views at Fresco, but it was worth it.Our adorable and wonderful spiky-haired waitress gave us all the time we needed to pick drinks from their extensive menu.   I tried the pear-lemon martini (which tasted just like an alcoholic pear-flavored Jelly Belly).  The boy tried the blueberry-thyme cocktail, which he didn't care for, but I thought it was tasty (it has a lot of club soda, which is why he didn't like it).  Also, they have the greatest free bread EVER.  It's like a warm pull-apart dinner roll with butter and pretzel salt on top!  *drool*I tried the "lamb lollipop chops" entree, and the boy got the salmon.  Both were really, really tasty.  He thought the salad that accompanied his salmon was too salty, due to an excess of feta, but it was still edible.  I had no complaints whatsoever about my entree or the awesome salad that came with it.We were then beguiled by the dessert menu.  We tried the chocolate beignets.  The waitress informed us that it would take 10-15 minutes, was that alright?  Heck yeah, woman!  This view can't be beat!  Take all the time you need!  The beignets were brought out, piping hot, full of oozing chocolatey goodness and a saucer of creme anglaise.  The boy almost licked out the bowl of creme anglaise.  The beignets were really phenomenal, and I highly recommend trying them.All said, dinner was $70 before a tip.  Expensive?  Yes.  Worth it?  Probably, yes.  I certainly don't regret it!
3	Maybe 2 1/2.  I tried Fresco on two separate occasions this summer for the Fresco Fives -- perfect for grad students who want nice dining and drinks but can't afford the full menu.  But why?  Why on earth do they close so early!?  The last hour of the day, Fresco offers a $5 menu with a limited (very limited and even more limited on my second visit!) selection of wine, martinis, and small plates.  I had the scallops, tuna, lamb "sliders", and mushroom and leek tartlet.  The tuna is good and packed with flavorful fried capers but I like my sashimi thick!  The lamb sliders were, well, a bit weird.  The beet flavor threw me off but hey, I like beets.  The mushroom and leek tartlet is a bit bland but the scallops?  Awesome!  Can't go wrong with Nueske's bacon!  Before I ordered I made sure to check that they were flown in that day, fresh as possible for Madison.  They were and they *were* delicious!   The $5 wine selection is okay but the view is fantastic.  My dining partner had a refreshing but potent 50/50 martini.  Pass on certain desserts -- the honey-poached pear brulee was substandard with a weird aftertaste.  The thought of Fresco Fives in the winter is much less appealing to me.    To sum it up, any future visit might involve two plates of bacon wrapped scallops, a glass of wine or a martini, a view, and moving on to better things at the Tornado Room or other alternative late night menus.PS  A friend of mine has raved about  the lamb lollipop chops.
3	The best part about Fresco is sitting outside during the summer and enjoying the weather while looking at the rest of Madison's downtown. The food is decent but nothing too great or creative. They use local and seasonal ingredients when possible, which I consider a plus. The late night specials are a good deal. Service is attentive and friendly. Bring someone you're trying to impress with the Madison area.
4	Terrific!  The flavors of the salads and entrees were incredible.  Just the right ambiance before heading on to an evening at the theatre.
4	I have to agree with the other reviewers that the view is the best part of dining at Fresco. The food is equally delicious and very portion conscience as well. The lamb chops here are absolutely delicious, I'd highly recommend them to anyone dining here.The bar is always fully stocked and the bartenders can make pretty much anything you ask them for, even if its not on the menu, so kudos to them!Getting to the restaurant can be tedious climbing the glass stairs, so if your afraid of heights, take the elevator.
4	I've been here about five times over the past couple of years.  Overall, I think it's a nice part of the Madison restaurant  scene.  The setting is fun...they are going for a sleek, big city, ultra modern kind of feel.  The view is great too, especially in the summer when you can sit outside.  They have a nice drink list.  I've been happy with the wines I've tried and they have some fairly novel cocktails as well.  Drink prices are best if you can come for their late night happy hour.As far as food, prices are in line with other mid-range restaurants in Madison, like Sardine, Muramoto, etc.  I've been satisfied with the food each time I've visited.  Never the best meal of my life, but definitely good.  They start with buttery parmesan rolls, and then you can chose from their rotating menu of seasonal options.  I've always gone with chicken, pork or fish, never tried the pasta or beef options.  Again, always happy with the entree.  I've tried dessert a few times and it was always tasty.Never a problem with service, I would say it is average or slightly above for a place like this.
5	This is an absolutely stunning restaurant to eat at! I have been here 3 times now and it is still by far the best place I have ever eaten. It has a great modern-age atmosphere with even better food! Located right on top of the Overture Center in downtown Madison, you can pretty much see Madison in all its glory! Their food is amazing and made-to-order, even the smallest of details. Also, the bread they bring out is simply the best in the world (to me at least haha) it is perfectly warm and buttery and easily comes apart with a slight tug. Wonderful place to eat and a great romantic dining experience. If you haven't been here before. GO
4	My husband and I ate here recently on a visit to Madison. The ambience was very unique with a distinctly modern flair. The view of Madison you have while dining adds to the sophistication of the experience.The food was contemporary American cuisine, and the menu was rotating/seasonal. The butternut squash soup was excellent. Drinks were great, too.My only complaint is that my vegetarian gnocchi and the herb cream sauce were too rich. I wasn't able to finish it. But other than that, good restaurant, interesting atmosphere. I will just order a different entree when I return.
4	My roommates and I just went to Fresco for Madison Restaurant Week. As recent college graduates, our wallets are very slim so we took this opportunity to sample one of the finer dining options in Madison. Overall, we were very pleased with the food. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with the service.For Restaurant Week, we had the choice of three options for three courses. First course, we each picked something different. I had the tomato-red pepper soup, Andee (roommate) had the risotto cake and Jennifer (roommate) had the salad. Andee's cake was good, but I thought it could be warmer. It tasted kind of like a potato pancake. Jenn's salad had fresh vegetables, but I thought it could have had a little more to it. She found a bug in it (we're not sure if it crawled up from the bottom of the salad or if it hopped on the plate) so she sent it back and got the soup instead. The soup was divine. It reminded me of the soup served abroad by our little Italian cook. I'd have it again and again. Simple, but delicious. For the main course, we all ordered the tomato braised shirt rib pasta which was very good. I got shafted on the tomatoes which was disappointing because I love tomatoes. But it was still very tasty. Other people ordered the salmon and halibut (not on Restaurant Week menu) which made me want to order it, even though I'm not a huge fan of fish.For desert, we all originally ordered the key lime creme brulee. However, they were out of it by the end of the night which made me very sad. The replacement of brown butter cake with almonds was very good though. I would have preferred the creme brulee, but the cake didn't disappoint. Andee and Jenn loved it.  All in all the food was outstanding. The service was slow which was probably due to the kitchen. Very cute for a date, especially if you sit outdoors because the view is pretty awesome. I will definitely go again if I can earn some extra cash.
4	I was served the Fresco catering last night at the No Reservations: An Evening with Anthony Bourdain event. I'd really like to go and try the restaurant because the items they served were just divine:+ Cheddar cheese soup shooters+ Venison lollipops-ish (not actual candy, but venison on a bone)+ Little brats on a toasted bun+ Perch with a bread-like coating with tartar sauce on top+ Pecan pieOur table kept getting ignored, which is the reason I dropped it to 4. Other than that, the food was consistently good and well enjoyed by my group of friends.The only other reason I have to drop it to a four is that while this food served was great (in addition to the two complimentary glasses of wine, soda, or beer--I had a white and red, both very good!), the initial food they had laid out was lackluster (except for the cheese spreads and salmon--and I am not a fish-eater.)I definitely plan on coming here one day when I can; that pecan pie is still haunting my thoughts.
4	One of the interesting things about dining at Fresco is getting a table next to the kitchen. The smell wafting in from metal-lined window connecting it to the dining room was very reminiscent of a gourmet restaurant I once worked in. And from there, you can see the kind of hard work that goes into making truly high-quality food.Fresco focuses on smaller dishes that pack in a lot of unusual and potent flavors, rather than the massive portions of average food that many other restaurants offer. The result is that when you try something like the lamb or the salmon, you can practically taste the care that went into getting that perfect sear on the meat. In addition to those, I particularly recommend the flatbread, as it had a unique blend of vegetables and spices on top that made it unlike anything I've ever had. I also remember the bread basically being infused with the essence of butter - easily the best restaurant bread that I've ever eaten.I ultimately ended up choosing four stars because for the gourmet style that Fresco is going for, it is not the best I've ever eaten. There's not much that makes it stand out; the menu lacks creativity. However, Fresco also offers some of the most affordable prices for food of this caliber that I've ever seen. Revel in the discount gourmet experience. Going to a restaurant like this in Chicago would cost you three times as much.
4	Solid choice in the summertime since you can sit outside and get a good view of state street and potentially the capital. I have never been in the winter season because you can find better food and atmosphere for less money. That being said, the food is always good, but it is a little pricey. If you are looking for solid seafood (tough to find in the Midwest in general), then is a solid joint along with the Blue Marlin. The salmon, scallops, and grouper are very well done. Just remember: don't expect to get by on a student's wage for example.
4	I'll start by saying this:  I used to work for Fresco as a bartender, and even after moving on, I still have to come back at least once every few months to eat.  I love the service and the delicious menu.  They have a great wine list, including well priced bottles (Layer Cake Shiraz is my fav).  This is the perfect romantic date for the summer OR winter.  Even if you have to sit inside, the view and the atmosphere are intimate and refreshing.  They have a late night bar menu consisting of $5 specialty drinks and cheap upscale appetizers.  When working there, I noticed the patrons to be a mix of East coast college students and middle to upper class 30-40 somethings.  Either way, I suggest giving it at least one chance to see if it's your scene.The seared sashimi scallops are always an excellent choice for an appetizer.  Past there, I recommend trying whatever is newest and freshest locally on their menu.
4	My friends from Madison took me here on a beautiful June night for the views. We had already had dinner, so we were just there to enjoy cocktails and dessert. Service was great. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing and was very friendly and sweet. We each started off with summer cocktails- between us we had the strawberry basil mojito, the blueberry lemonade (I think that's what it was- it was very very sweet), and some concoction made with clementines and summer in a glass. All were pretty good. We also had some desserts- the deconstructed snickers bar tart and the buttermilk beignets. Both were delicious. The menu looked interesting but friends told me it's better for just apps or just dessert. I'd definitely go back though.
5	If you're looking for glam in the heart of historic Madison - ascend to Fresco. Located in the Madison Contemporary Museum of Art, climb the glass staircase to your right. If you have time, stop into an exhibit on your way up - it's free. Fresco is at the top. Modern ambiance - both indoor & outdoor dining. I prefer outdoor to enjoy their rooftop garden and a wonderful view of downtown.New American fare (sample menus + drink lists on their website, including gluten free), an extensive wine list, 8 kinds of bottled beer + 1 non-alcoholic, specialty cocktails. My friend and I stopped by for a quick bite and had their crab cakes. They were amazing! Best I've had so far, packed full of wonderful flavors (see photos) and presented beautifully.A great place to bring a date or hang out with friends.
5	love the decor here.  The rooftop patio is bomb.  Grab a drink the blackberry old fashioned was the unique and tasty.  They have good happy hours & such.  I only tried an appetizer but it was delish.  Definitely recommended
5	I was thinking I was going to give this place 4 stars, but I can't. I've been there twice and while it's not the first place you consider for a fine dining experience, it was exceptional both times. I've had the duck and the dry-aged strip steak and both were excellent, my wife also really likes their fish. It also has a great atmosphere with great views of State Street and the Capitol. Like I said, I went in anticipating giving this place a 4, but can't think of a good reason not to give it a 5...I highly recommend it.
5	Perched atop the museum of contemporary art in Madison, this hidden gem can boast fantastic food, service and views.If you're not looking for it, you might miss this restaurant as it is up on the top floor of the museum.  There are windows all around to enjoy sunsets and glimpses of the capitol building lit up at night.  In the summer, an outdoor terrace would be perfect for drinks and appetizers.A nice selection of wines by the glass, and a tempting menu of cocktails are a nice way to kick off the meal.  The scallops to start were tender and flavorful, and the lamb two-ways for my main - what could be better?Service was friendly and attentive.
5	Amazing food! From out of town and found this place on yelp.  Great find.  The mussels were fantastic as was the pork loin and dry new york strip.  Great views and nice staff.  Best meal I have had in months.  Will visit again when back in town for sure.
4	I had a totally solid dining experience here during restaurant week.  The atmosphere is nice and I bet it'd be beautiful on a warm summer evening to sit outside with the view of the Capitol.  The food was good, but I was hoping for a bit more originality.  I loved the option to have a half glass of wine so I could try two different types without having to drink 2 glasses.  Overall I will likely be back on an evening where the view and outdoor area could be enjoyed.
5	Fresco is definitely one of the tastiest restaurants in Madison. It is a great place for a romantic meal or if you have friends in town looking for a more refined meal. The views are great, and being able to walk out and about the garden area is quite lovely in the summer months. I always highly recommend the restaurant to anyone visiting the area.I want to give major props to the restaurants and it's staff for dealing with a potentially frustrating situation this past week. My parents were in town, and I've been wanting to show them how awesome Fresco is. I made a reservation for 3 at 8:15pm, but, as it is a pretty small restaurant, our table was tied up until about 8:45pm. The hostess was genuinely apologetic and was able to nab us 3 seats at the bar. She let us know that we were welcome to order whatever appetizer we wanted for free. Since we were kinda hungry, we got our free appetizer, and then also ordered a 2nd, along with some drinks. Eventually we got our table and had an awesome meal. When the bill finally came, we checked the numbers and found that we weren't charged at all for our items at the bar! 2 appetizers and 3 drinks for free! My parents and I are pretty easy-going people and were in no hurry to get seated, so the complimentary beverages and food were greatly appreciated!Long story short: I. Love. Fresco. Though I am a bit confused that their menu states that they "buy local," and none of their wines are from the state...
5	We met our daughter here for dinner. I can't say enough how great this place was!We shared a flatbread with cheese and mushrooms. I had the salmon which was perfectly cooked. It came with potatoes cooked in a to die for tarragon sauce. Hubby had a pork dish. He ate it so fast, that I couldn't get a picture! He loved it. Daughter had a wonderful veggie option; gnocchi. We shared mini donuts with sauce for dessert. The service was great....We will be back again in the summer. I can't wait to sit on the patio.
1	Everything but the food was awesome!  The atmosphere and service were fantastic. The food was well-plated and pretty, but waaaay overpriced and uneven in preparation and flavor.  This did not feel "farm to table"... Won't go back a second time and will not be recommending this restaurant to friends. this place seems to be riding on the location, which is nice, and hype. If you are looking for freshness and a more locavore experience, head the GRAZE....
5	Great food and awesome ambience.  Decent wine list as well.  Will definitely go back.
4	Solid comfort food.  Generous portions.Scallop app, beet salad, and halibut are all great.  NY Strip steak was over cooked but still flavorful.  Not sure it lives up entirely to it's farm-to-table claims, but I still enjoyed our meal.  "A" for efort.
5	Priceless location, amazing views, awesome food! We were in Madison for a wedding which happened to be in the Overture Center and found out that they have a rooftop restaurant which was highly rated. We decided to give it a try and were not disappointed. The restaurant has two sections, indoor with wall-to-wall glass which is a more formal setting and an outdoor terrace section which is right next to the modern art sculpture garden. We went for the outdoor section and it was absolutely wonderful. Weather was great, the views were amazing. They had a fine selection of wines as well as top-shelf liquor. I had the pistachio crusted lamb chops & shank which was heavenly and my wife had the farmer's market salad which she really liked a lot. We also had the flatbread appetizer which in itself was a meal. Overall the portions were quite generous but we managed to wipe our plates clean .. it was that good! :-)Of course that meant we didn't have space for the dessert :-( ... maybe next time. Highly recommended for a great fine dining experience.
5	Visited three times...Wonderful food, tastefully done without excessive portions or overly fat-ladden sauces. They are excellent with fish. Incredibly fresh salads and cheese selections...food was excellent each time. Emphasis on locally grown everything. Excellent ambience, generally. Can be a bit overcrowded at times which can put a strain on staff, but food is totally worth the trip. Definitely a special occasion adventure on my budget, but well worth it.
2	The restaurant is way too over hyped. The setting of the restaurant was wonderful. But the food is another story. The portions are very small and not very flavorful. I order the lamb chops and I expected to be stuffed when my date and I left. We were so disappointed and hungry after eating we went to taco bell to curve our hunger. This is a good place to grab a drank and a appetizer but not worth the price paid for entrees.
4	Loved it! I came during restaurant week - I know, this review is SUPER late - and the menu was fantastic! All for a very reasonable price, as well. The three course meal was a really great way to try out desserts/appetizers that I'm usually too cheap to order myself (unless the meal is on someone else...JUST KIDDING!). The service is great. Very attentive, but not to the point of smothering. The waitress was also able to provide recommendations for each of the choices on the menu, which my friend and I both found very helpful.  The restaurant is situated on the 3rd floor of MMOCA right next to the sculpture garden, making for a great view during dinner while the sun is setting. I can't wait to be back!
4	We had a lovely inside dinner on a cold evening. The view was great, the atmosphere was warm, the service was perfect, and the food was excellent.  The only drawback were the oddly Parker house style rolls that seemed to come from the grocery story.  My fish stew was fantastic.  Nice wines and drinks.  Worth another special occasion visit.
3	Another decent, seasonally menu-changing restaurant. Very chic and slick looking interior, and decked with modern decor. Fresco presents its guests with a lively and upbeat atmosphere.The food is good, but I think I generally expect more from Fresco. There's not a lot of variety in their menu, and sometimes seems rather plain. I've had their salmon and steak dishes. Not amazing, not bad. I do recall one of their risotto dishes being quite tasty.I think the bar area makes the place a little better, but as a whole, Fresco is A-OK.
4	I've only been here on restaurant week and it is a fantastic deal but wouldn't pay full price for their normal menu. They have the best bread: soft, pillowy mounds of perfect buttery rolls of goodness. I want to go there just to have their bread! I normally get their chicken gnocchi and it never dissapoints. Their desserts are pretty good most of the time and they serve classic flavor combos with a creative twist.
3	The view and atmosphere are perfectly lovely. The food is usually not quite worth the price. I recommend the New York strip. I do not recommend the diablo shrimp appetizer.
5	This was the rare experience in which I was so satisfied with my meal that I had to come home and immediately write a review. I am visiting Madison and decided to try Fresco for dinner because of the excellent reviews and its cool views of the Capitol. I wasn't letdown.I hesitantly ordered the Chicken Fresco, which was a roasted chicken breast on the bone with parsnips, carrots, roasted potatoes, and a butternut squash puree. I say 'hesitantly' because chicken breast is notoriously boring but I was wanting something lighter than beef and they were out of the salmon that night. I am glad I made the call for this dish because it was superb.The chicken was perfectly crusted on the outside with simple seasonings, and surprisingly juicy and flavorful on the inside as well. The accompanying vegetables were delicious too-- full of flavor and cooked perfectly, maintaining firmness without being too raw. The butternut squash puree added an appropriately sweet balance to the sea salt on the chicken. I was impressed with all of it.To top it all off, the staff were just the right mix of attentive without being overly solicitous. And the view was everything that was described. A random but welcomed surprise on this trip to Madison!
4	I like to think Fresco stands for fresh, rad, exceptional, scrumptious, cool, and oogle worthy.  That's not why it's called Fresco though, I asked.  You have to sneak through MMoCA to go up the 3 flights of stairs to get to Fresco, which was a bit ood, since they were having a sit down benefit dinner.  We literally had to walk through them, but that's what you have to do I guess.The architecture is of course, amazing.  Fresco is super modern, minimalist, and actually quite intimate when you eliminate the outdoor seating due to the cold weather. Best view in Madison? Probably not, but it's still lovely.  For drinks, I had the cranberry sage mojito.  So light and crisp, with little cranberries floating about.  Not too sweet and not that strong.  What can I say, I like my drinks with a bit more kick though.  That might just be my college blood still flowing though me.  The mushroom risotto cake had a nice crunch and sat on a creamy sauce.  For the big guns: I came for the risotto cheese gnocchi.I saw the risotto cheese gnocchi.I conquered the risotto cheese gnocchi....well almost.  The pillows of house made gnocchi (larger than gnocchi I've had before) were smothered in a creamy brown butter sauce with seasonal veggies like zucchini, brussels sprouts, mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes. It was a bit heavy; but for a cold winter's day, I couldn't imagine filling my belly with anything else.
5	Amazing food, awesome view, romantic bar interior. One of the best places I've been to in Madison. Assortment of different American foods, pumpkin soup was ridiculous.
3	I came here with a corporate party. I would otherwise not have come here because the food is too expensive for what you get. It is unfortunate because I think the ingredients are good, but the preparation is not. I would not come here again. If I had this kind of money to spend on a restaurant I would rather go to Tornado Room.
5	When I die, I want to be buried in a bowl of short rub ragu. (No joke.)In this lifetime, I've had my share of short rib, so I feel perfectly comfortable saying this is the best, most tender short rib I've had in. my. life! The penne and seasonal vegetables play second fiddle to delicious shredded meat in a tangy tomato sauce with basil pistou (aka pesto). There's something uniquely spicy and sweet about this dish that pleases my entire palate, and the crunch from the veg adds a textural element that brings about some interest. A bowl of it can feed an army, or serve as a robust breakfast the next day.  If you're looking to start with something I suggest the scallops, but I tend to order (and LOVE) scallops anywhere I go, so I may be biased. Service is incredible; warm, friendly and uber knowledgeable, all the things you want when shelling out some cash for a more fancy pants meal. The vibe is hip yet approachable, swanky but not too much for its own good and I can't wait, I repeat, CAN'T WAIT to sit outside this summer to sip and dine. Now I realize this short rib ragu doesn't scream summer, but fair warning Fresco, the day you ditch this dish for something lighter and more seasonally appropriate I might throw things.
4	Some the best food I've had in the Midwest.  A bit loud environment but overall a nice dining experience.  Halibut was the bomb.!!!!!!!
2	I'm going to start off by saying I only went here for drinks, so I can't judge the food. The drinks, however, were underwhelming. I had a mojito, and a lime/gin cocktail. My table mates had several other cocktails that I tried as well. All of them were overly sweet and tasted kind of watered down. My mojito was so sweet I could barely drink it, I think the bartender may have added more simple syrup instead of any alcohol, because I swear there was no booze in it. There's better places for cocktails around the capital area, this felt like an overpriced rip off. The patio was pretty though.
4	Overview: A loved space above State Street that has a reliable bar and an increasingly reliable kitchen. Hits: Rooftop events,seasonal wine pairings, bread nuggets (AKA rolls),  locally sourced/seasonal menu, attentive staff, and commitment to MMOCA and Madison in general. Misses: Any negative I have ever seen have been  deleted thanks to new, visionary leadership.  Bottom-line: Go eat and drink here -- as soon as possible.
3	We went there on a recommendation because I was looking for fabulous Gnocci. The gnocci was tough and chewy which made me quite sad.On the other hand, the room was nice, the waiter was nice, the hostess just fine, the scallop appetizer was really very good. Our cocktails were of the super-hip "we like to be non-traditional and add weird stuff to them" style. Sometimes that is tragic but they turned out well, I would suggest the chipotle margarita for a little kick of something different. My friend said the lamp pops were really very good and the little beignets for dessert were fine. Just not fabulous.I actually sent the gnocci back after my companion tried them and agreed that they were not good. I told the waiter I was vegetarian and he offered me a vegetarian risotto, I said fine and it turned out to be vegan so no cheese like a normal risotto. It was bland but OK. When we got the bill the gnocci was still on it but the waiter fixed it. By 9 or so it kind of turned into a hip bar type atmosphere.Would I go back? Nope. Given all the amazing food Madison has to offer spending $100 on two entrees, 2 drinks, one appetizer and one dessert is fine, but it should be pretty fabulous. It wasn't.
5	I traveled to Madison for work and came to Fresco on the advice of a coworker.  I am SO glad I did.  This place is hands down the BEST place I've EVER eaten at (and that's saying a lot seeing as I grew up in the Bay Area- San Francisco).  There food is farm fresh and you can definitely taste it.  I had the strawberry basil mojito (which tasted so fresh and had no artificial or syrup-like taste).  For the appetizer, I had the Kind Edwards mussels...it was so delicious that I drank the wine sauce it came in! (after running out of bread to soak up the sauce with).  I order the lamb which literally melted in my mouth- it was cooked to PERFECTION.  Then I had the strawberry creme brulee which had a perfectly crunchy top and could be described as smooth and having the perfect consistency.  I also had the riesling (which was also delicious) for my dessert wine.  I think I now have a favorite restaurant!  Now I just need to devise a plan to have my work send me over here for training more often or else I'll end up traveling 2000+ miles just to eat here on my own dime!
4	Our Server was AMAZING (I wish I could recall her name!  oops!).  The food & drinks were really great!  Tough to get a reservation, but I'm glad we chose to have a 9:30 dinner just to get a table. Definitely worth it!
2	I believe people go here for the view, not the food. That should say enough about Fresco. If you must go here are some tips:1. Outdoor seating is a must and try to get a chair at the table that is facing the capitol. 2. Try to go before all the college kids are back on campus-otherwise friday/saturday night partying = lots of sirens. ;)3. If you're hungry get the seafood pasta dish, the lamb chops that the fiance got were a small portion that he ended up eating off my plate too!
5	Getting caught up on some reviews after starting a crazy-busy job.  My first impression walking into Fresco was that the decor and table settings seemed a bit on the pretentious side.  But then I was blown away by the unique view of Madison, and then...the FOOD.  I ordered the short ribs, which were indescribably delectable and moist (I HATE that word, but, well...they WERE!).  I liked everything about this dish, right down to the smoky polenta.  My dining partner had the ricotta cheese gnocchi, which was perfectly toothy and delicious.  She mentioned that the sun-dried tomato detracted from the brown butter herb sauce, and after tasting it, I had to agree: they really didn't belong.  But everything else about the meal was so spot-on--great service, fantastic views, and transcendent food--that this goes down as a #1 date/birthday destination.
4	My husband and I had an early dinner here before a concert at the Orpheum Theater. What a view! It was a nice fall night so we were able to enjoy the outdoor seating but would have been happy with sitting inside as the atmosphere is really cool. I started off with the Wedge Salad which is one of my all time favorite salads. I loved how the bacon, cheese, eggs and carrots all were on the side of the dish. The dressing was just right. That is one thing I am so picky about is how much or how little a restaurant puts on. This was perfect. My husband tried the Roasted Squash Soup which he really liked. The hot bread that comes out with your first side is VERY hot and wonderful. For my main course I had the Chicken Fresco. YUM! The chicken was so juicy and tender and the flavor was wonderful. It came with buttermilk chive risotto, green beans, bacon, oven roasted tomato sauce, crispy shallots. I loved this so much that I didn't have enough left over to even take home for lunch the next day. My husband of course had a steak. He had the New York Strip which came with garlic mashed potato, green bean, basil dijonnaise, scallion butter. He said his steak was exactly how he ordered it and was very good. We rarely order dessert but thought we would try it here as our food was so good. We shared the Chocolate Cake. Loved that as well. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable as this was our first time dinning here and had a few questions about the menu. After we finished our dessert we headed in to the bar where I enjoyed a dirty martini and my husband had a spotted cow. Great place for dinner down on State Street in Madison.
5	GNOCCHI! (and great service, too!)Went in for Gnocchi Night one of the only specials that Fresco runs. Cheap plates of super rich, super creamy Gnocchi. They were serving the dish with a few new sauce choices: I tried the original and also the temporary broccoli cheese sauces. Both were incredible.My friend and I sat at the bar and had great service. It was a fairly slow night for them, however, so that was helpful. The space is very dark but because of that it was super personal. It would be a great place to go on a date.  Overall totally enjoyed my time here and will definitely be returning.
3	I went for a work dinner and while I liked everything, I expected better.As a starter I had the flat bread with the confit duck, the duck was good, the pear were a tad too sweet and most importantly the bread itself tasted a bit stale.Then I had the short ribs with the polenta. The short rib was delicious, but the polenta was a tad too sweet and the vegetables bland and too crunchy.The lemon cheesecake was good, but nothing memorable and not lemon-y enough form me.Now food was still good and what I am complaining about is mostly nitpicking but from a restaurant of this caliber I would expect perfection.What was really good was the wine and the space. View is great and the building is guaranteed to make an impression!I would still bring people here on work occasions because of the location and as I said the food was OK, but not for impressing a foodie.
3	The pulled pork sliders and pea/risotto cakes were fantastic as are the little rolls that they bring to the table. I had the strip steak. It was over-salted as was the accompanying basil dijonnaise sauce. I tasted a friend's salmon dish which was fantastic. Dessert - choc. cake with peanut butter mousse was just ok. Good idea, but no wow factor. Decent table service. We, a table of 9, sometimes waited for refills of cocktails or water, but...for the most part...the service and timing were good.
4	The plating is really good~ great ambiance and great view, but in terms of good itself, I would say it's hit or miss. Good for date
5	I went here on a Thursday evening with a couple of girlfriends for their winter gnocchi Thursday special: $12 for a bowl of gnocchi. Here's the lowdown:-The gnocchi portions are quite generous! I was a lot more full than I expected to be (and I can eat. Seriously.)-The gnocchi is served with vegetables, which I would imagine are not always the same. The night I was there it was peas, sun dried tomatoes, and green beans. -There are a variety of sauces to choose from. The night we were there it was their classic brown butter sauce, tomato, sharp cheddar with broccoli, and Sriracha. You can also add shrimp, chicken, or short ribs (though it will cost you an extra $10). I had the Sriracha with shrimp, which was creamy, but not heavy, and with a nice kick. The waitress emphasized that heat level was negotiable, so I could have had it spicier if I had specified. My girlfriends had the brown butter sauce with short ribs (double yum) and the cheddar with broccoli (like a high-class mac and cheese, so yumm). Other highlights:-The mussels were delightful, though the portion is not super huge. They come with chorizo, onions, and bell peppers, as well as cornbread croutons (which are great). -They have a gluten-free menu! The items are mostly the same as the regular menu, but with minor alterations (ex. the tuna sashimi comes without the aioli). -Fabulous cocktails featuring tons of local liquors and ingredients. My friend had their "new fashioned," which was a citrusy, bright take on an old fashioned. Their "Los Grandes Margarita" with chipotle was also delicious. -Great wine list as well. Not-so-great:-We were sitting at a table by the window overlooking the sculpture garden and the capitol, and this table was right in front of the kitchen window. All of these things would ordinarily be pluses, but the kitchen was emitting some pretty strong, smokey smells, and I came home smelling kinda smokey, kinda greasy...I would imagine that this was a fluke, and not something that happens usually. It wasn't a negative enough part of the night to affect my rating, and my friends didn't even mention it, so they might not have even noticed.
4	We recently dined here for dinner on New Year's Eve with a group of 9 people. We were promptly seated and greeted by our waitress who was pleasant and helpful with drink and food suggestions. She was also more than willing to divide the bill into separate checks which was helpful for a large group! We enjoyed crab cakes, diablo shrimp, pork sliders and risotto cakes for appetizers and each were delicious. We also enjoyed the atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant as it felt upscale but not pretentious. Our waitress came and told us that there was a small miscommunication in the kitchen and that our food would take a little longer. She brought additional appetizers out while we waited which demonstrated Fresco's attention to customer service and satisfaction. Our meals arrived shortly after. The Chicken Fresco and Short Rib entrees were plated beautifully and were very tasty. Overall, our dining experience was very good and we would be happy to return!
4	4.5 StarsWhenever a restaurant group starts to develop an empire of restaurants around a city I tend to worry that they are not going to be up to snuff from a culinary standpoint. such is not the case at Food Fight's flagship restaurant, Fresco. I've dined here a half dozen or more times now and I think it's a very fine restaurant.Fresco enjoys a very unique location atop the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art adjacent to the world-class Overture Center on State Street. The facility is both indoor and outdoor. The outdoor terrace provides unique views of State Street and the State Capitol as well as a sculpture garden which provides a beautiful space for both public dining as well as private events. the inside space has three glass walls that also provide nice views. White tables (no cloths) and contemporary touches create a modern, vibrant and comfortable atmosphere. If the weather is nice definitely eat outdoors. I like to eat family style. In the last visit we had four people and we passed around several dishes from the app menu and then two entrees. On this night there was a crab cake special. These were divine with a hale portion of crab and creamy but citrusy bright sauce. The risotto cakes are a favorite and were also delicious. The Shrimp Diablo gives you three large shrimp with garlic, chili, jicama-carrot red pepper slaw, calamansi lime vinaigrette. A beautiful and delicious dish. The dish that really sent eyes rolling and toes curling on this night was the short rib with smoked butter polenta, seasonal vegetables, beef reduction. This may be the best short rib I've ever had. Rich and delicious. The polenta was perfectly cooked and creamy. So outrageous!The place always has some great drinks that are many times themed to what is going on in the museum. On this night there were some outstanding margaritas. In the summer I've enjoyed a wonderful spin on a mojito with berries.Overall I have only one, perhaps odd, suggestion for this place: slow down. The pace was too fast. Dishes were arriving too close to or even on top of each other. I would personally like a tablecloth. There were a few small spills on the Formica topped table and nobody wiped these even before dessert. Also, the Sambuca had either gone bad or that wasn't Sambuca. These are small issues and really here for the restaurant's benefit. Service was friendly and attentive if a little over-eager. Highly recommended.
5	Came for restaurant week with my girlfriend so we made sure to not get the same thing for any of the courses.. To begin, appetizer:Risotto cakes and potato soup. Both were very good. Lots of flavor. Both of us enjoyed the cakes aka little risotto balls more.Entree:I had the braised beef with mini potatoes, onions and carrots with creme fraiche. She had the salmon with crab and bacon polenta. Both were good but the braised beef was amazing! So yummy, I found myself wiping the bowl with my fork to get more sauce.Desert;I had the chocolate mousse and she had the berry cheesecake. Both of us agreed the mousse was the better of the two.Overall, awesome restaurant with good food and good service. Great place to go for date night. My only gripe is that I specifically made a reservation for 845 on a Friday night during restaurant week. When we arrived 10 minutes early, they told me the owner of the overture center took my table and I had to wait till 915 to finally be seated. Not too happy but between food and service, Fresco still gets 5 stars!
4	I'm usually pretty suspicious with restaurants in museums, hotels, etc., but fresco was pretty good. The concept is neat - simple and modern. I went for dinner and most of the food was pretty good and I think the price was decent. We went with a group of 8 and had a really great experience. Service was great and their cocktails were good too. When we went, it was very quiet and chill.
4	Came for a birthday dinner while I was traveling in Madison. Really lovely space with the right ambiance: lighting not too dim and without loud music so you could actually hear. Great service from start to finish. I had the following:creamy potato soup: great way to start a meal in this wintry weather. Not overly creamy and not overly dressed with finishing oils. Bacon bits were a good touch, but I think they could have done something more to pull out the flavor.short rib: recommended by my server as the best dish of the entrees for this current seasonal menu. You can taste the 6-hour cook time, and it really is an ample portion size. Lots of veggies to go with it and sauce. The truffle creme fraiche really sealed the deal.Would love to come back whenever I return for a visit. Never would have expected a restaurant at the rooftop of the museum.
4	Enjoyed pre-theater dinner on March 6. I had the seared tuna salad, and I tell you, it was off the charts! Perfectly seared tuna on a bed of fresh greens, with mushrooms, almonds, hard-boiled eggs, kalamata olives, grilled potato, black sheep truffle cheese and champagne vinaigrette. I was nervous to order a salad because I didn't think it would be filling enough, but it was perfection.I also tried my husband's entree, which was their house made ricotta cheese gnocchi. That night's special sauce was bacon truffle. It was rich and wonderful!The service was not as expected for such great food and ambiance. The server was friendly and helpful with the menu, but was not on top of her game. I asked to keep the wine list at the table so I could choose my wine prior to dinner arriving and then she walked off with it, never to return. After our food was delivered by another server I asked for the wine list and the person asked me what kind I thought I'd want. When I said Cabernet, she quickly said we only have one that comes by the glass and left to fetch it before I could tell her I still wanted to look at the menu. She was in a huge hurry to grab the wine, but it didn't arrive until I was nearly finished with my meal, at which point I was not particularly interested in drinking it.
5	Was here twice very recently. Food was very good, highly recommend the pulled pork sliders and the new york strip. The service was very sweet and the environment is just awesome. Made my reservation through opentable and the process was just easy and smooth. The dessert could use some improvement but 5 stars is my recognition of this place as a solid choice for dinner.
4	The atmosphere was lovely and the chocolate mousse was decadent and satisfying!
5	I have had dinner here more times than I can remember and I have yet to find something on their menu I didn't like or a bad server. The food is excellent and is always cooked to perfection. If you're a drinker the alcohol selection is pretty good. But the thing that sets fresco apart from every other restaurant in Madison is the atmosphere. It is on top of an art museum to start with. The lights are dim except the red glow from the bar and inside walls. Every table comes with candles and flowers and to make things even better.... The outside wall is all glass. You can enjoy the inside and stare out into the beautiful downtown area with the capital building in the background. O ya did I mention there is outdoor seating too? Go to fresco and I promise no matter what the meal is you will love it. Don't forget your date!
5	Great date night spot! Great views, amazing food, all around romantic place to visit!
5	Menu changes seasonally.  Fall-off-the-bone tender lamb.  Served medium.  Delicious.  Great views from the balcony of the 3rd floor.  Nice wine list.  Great service.
5	Amazing.
3	Good food, good service, and some great views... I'm not sure I would go so far as to say 'great' food. There are some very tasty selections like the pork belly and some very average selections like the salmon... For what you get it's a little on the pricey side... This is definitely a restaurant to experience maybe once or twice a year....
5	Great view of the downtown area and equally creative cocktails. Food portions are small, but this is the perfect place to kick it with your girlfriends.
4	Fresco was definitely the place to end Restaurant Week!Wild Mushroom Risotto Cake- 5 out of 5 starsCrispy, flavorful, and hearty, left me wanting more. The Brie on top was an added bonus. Chilled Corn Chowder- 4 out of 5 starsTea party serving of chilled corn chowder with copious amounts of crab and bacon. This delightful appetizer was very refreshing, light, and meaty for a summer evening. A very calm and gracious start to a three course meal. I think this dish might have been better served warm. Grilled Salmon- 5 out of 5 starsA marvelously plated fish. Laid upon a bed of buttermilk risotto, and topped with a sweet onion jam. The risotto was balanced with snap peas, carrots, and cherry tomatoes for a nice fresh taste. The salmon was cooked to perfection and came apart delicately with a fork. Good fish and risotto that was baby bear quality, just right. Sake Braised Crispy Pork Belly- 3 out of 5 starsExotic plate of pork and vegetables. The pickled carrots were the bomb. The bok choy and squash was pretty good too. The veggies were spiced and seasoned well and danced on your tongue. A bit heavy on the teriyaki sauce, which drowned out the pork's full flavor. Fresco Trio- 3 out of 5 starsInteresting combination of peach crumble, ruby port sorbet, and corn pot de creme. It was a nice variety and opportunity to taste these desserts, but none really had that wow factor. The crumble was good on the peach crumble. The ruby port sorbet was very sugary, but you couldn't actually taste the port until it started to warm up and melt. The corn pot de creme was interesting and odd. Again, just fun to try. House Made Ice Cream Sandwich- 4 out of 5Peanut butter cookies sandwiched a mound of chocolate mousse. Very rich and satisfying in flavor. The sandwich itself was a bit awkward to eat due to its height. Tried to ungracefully break it down with a fork and knife, the waiter offered to bring a steak knife over to cut it. Our waiter, Jon, was incredible. He could read our minds. He could tell I wasn't in love with my drink even though I said it was fine, and was persistent in asking and replaced the drink. Each course of the meal came speedily out of the kitchen. The ambiance was lovely, fresh flowers, a candle, darker lighting, wonderful window views, and neat modern red plates that held the dining plates. Only suggestion would be to get higher quality coasters, my water glass continuously sweat and got stuck. After dining went and explored the rooftop area. Nice artwork all about and a pretty view of state street.
4	Beautiful place. But the food was not as good as expected.
4	Fresco is a fun spot to rub shoulders with your fellow Madison sophisticates. I enjoy stopping in here for a scotch or martini before doing some less structured and well behaved drinking later on. It's also a good spot at which to stop after a show at the Overture Center.They make sizable martinis, and they are only slightly overpriced, undoubtedly to help price out the "riff raff." The only drawbacks are that their hours are a bit unpredictable - sometimes they are open late, but other times they are closed by the time I go out.All in all, Fresco is one of the many spots that make up a well rounded evening in downtown Madison.
5	I think about Fresco the way others may think about Disneyworld: it's the most magical place on earth but it can be expensive planning a trip there (at least it is for a college student). The price honestly doesn't matter much because it. is. so. worth. it. This is the ONLY place my friends and I are willing to splurge our money on (again, broke college students). The view is beautiful, the drinks are tasty, the waitstaff are great, and the food is amazing. My favorites are the wild mushroom risotto cake (although the pea risotto cake they have in the winter time is also delicious) and the halibut. The cioppino pasta is okay... it sounds amazing with all of the different kinds of seafood, but it felt more like a messy mixture of things that would probably taste better individually. Their beignets are also really great. I'm actually sad because my first time trying beignets was at Fresco, and it was so good that I became disappointed when I tried beignets anywhere else. :(The next time I'm in Wisconsin, I am most certainly making a trip to Fresco.Side note: I wonder if they sometimes take nibblets of our food when we ask to get it packed. There was a time I went to Fresco after recovering from pneumonia and literally only took two bites of my entree because I still hadn't gained back my appetite. I got my food boxed and noticed the day after that half of the seafood in my pasta was gone.
5	Fantastic space.  Friendly service.  Wonderful patio.  Our meals were all tasty.  Not a cheap place, but worth the money, to be sure.
5	I'm obsessed with Fresco! This is my favorite restaurant in Madison. I've been there twice, once for a my anniversary and more recently for a work anniversary. I had their braised short rib dish which had an amazing sauce with a hint of truffle oil. There were also snap peas, pea greens, and mushrooms, and this amazing handmade pasta. The whole dish was absolute perfection.You can tell that the chefs put a lot of thought into each dish on the menu.
4	Rooftops will forever have a special place in my heart and that's the experience you pay for here. Not many great roof top venues in the flat Mid-west. But this one's a good venue for an experience factor. Their gnocchi is the best, but their other entrees are not a disappointment either. Lots of wine choices.
4	The service here was great and the food was delicious and done at a good price. More importantly though the view and the atmosphere are unparalleled in madison. Definitely a restaurant to have on your "need to do" list.
4	I've been to Fresco a few times, primarily for cocktails. I haven't had eats here, but hope to gnosh on some of their offerings soon. + Service is always prompt, friendly, and helpful (helps that on the past three visits, I've been there right around 4:30pm)+ Astonishing views+ Some really creative cocktails, and reasonably priced+ Decent brews listI'll update this after tossing some of their grub down my gullet. But, you definitely can't go wrong dropping-by for some drinks and amazing views.
3	Great drinks, scenery, location. Food was a bit lacking. My food came out cold. The seafood pasta dish had a bland sauce. 3 stars overall.
