1	Bad customer service, only go here of you have to. Buyer beware.
5	This is a great place when you're in need!!After going to Meineke to replace my left side mirror and finding out that the one my boyfriend ordered from Amazon doesn't fit (false advertising :/)... I had no mirror to install. So I searched around all of the parts places in Chandler/Phoenix and even the Honda dealership didn't have my mirror in stock.The mechanic recommended Auto Fit. I called and they were very fast at searching and said they did have it in stock! Drove to the place and I was apprehensive at first, because the area wasn't exactly the nicest.Auto fit was crowded, but their service was very fast! They also had mechanics there to install also.. the mirror was just $30 and installation was $30. The cashier said the wait would be 20-30mins.. but 5 mins later a mechanic came out and installed it.On a Saturday afternoon, this place closes late (4pm).. and I'm so glad!! :)
1	Sent defective part and then would not take it back on return.  Now i'm out the $70, BEWARE!! Cheap parts but if it doesn't work you're stuck with it.
1	We went to Autofit in Tempe to buy a NEW bumper.  The company stated they could indeed find a new bumper for our car but that it would need to be painted to match my vehicle.  Additionally, they kept my original bumper to use parts from that were intact and not needed to be repurchased.  After they finished installing the "new" bumper we drove away and noticed it seemed to be acting strange.  Upon investigation we noticed they had actually put back on my original bumper and glued to to make it work and fit back to the car.  We promptly returned to show them and demand our money back.  they quickly started to back track, even stating that they usually use used part (although they priced us and sold us a NEW bumper) and that they couldn't find one.  This business is a scam and they are trying to abuse the consumer.  We received our money back but have wasted 4 days of our time and still do not have our bumper.  If we had not noticed they would have scammed us.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
1	Aboslutly horrible. Owned and operated by bottom feeders. Parts are terrible. Wait is minimum and hour. No return policy. Cheap parts that break right away.
