1	I never got 1600 on my SAT, but if I have one talent, it's to smell a load of BS from a mile away (I play poker professionally, so my BS meter is on all day :)  )My car really needs new tires so I stopped by this place for a quote to compare with what I had found on the internet.  Guy seemed nice enough at first, walks out looks at my car then pulls up tires on my car on his computer.Within 60 seconds the guy prints me a quote for 4 tires for almost $1100.  I told him I had found a lot comparable tires that were much more affordable online and named a couple of brands.  The guy told me that these were the only tires they had in stock for my car.  The tires were Petenza Pole Position tires, highest speed rated....give me a break, you carry these but nothing else.?  He also knew this without even checking the computer for other tires- i guess he has the entire inventory memorized?I got home and made a phone call to a more reputable competor in town and sealed a deal for 4, 4 star rated tires for $500 all in within 15 minute that i'm having put on Monday.I'll never set foot in this place or any other Ted Wiens around town again, and plan to contact the BBB about my experience.  Clearly this place is a rip-off joint trying to take advantage of its customers.If you have doubts about my review, check some of the other 1 star reviews around town for Ted Wiens.How do they sleep at night?
1	I have purchase a number of tires at this place and I have finally had it with them. I purchased (1) $350 tire for my car less then 4k miles ago and for the 3rd time it went flat without any anything in the tire. The first time I was told it was because of my custom rims dont make a good seal with the tire. The second time it was faulty valve steam. This 3rd time when the tire went flat abruptly I was on the interstate and by the time I pulled off to the side i had driven on the low profile tire long enough to ruin it slightly. The closest Ted Wiens was not this location but they told me that although they could not find anything wrong with the tire it had to be replaced because now it was ruined. When I asked how it went flat in the first place they showed me that there was a huge amount of black rubber sealer put in the tire to fix the bead and that was most likely the problem. When i told them the eastern location put the tire on they told me i need to take it up with them although its the same owner of all locations. They also charged me $45 to remove the rubber sealer from the rim. I then went to the eastern location where I watched while a service tech searched the inside of the tire for 10 minutes pushing a ice pick trying to find a spot where there could be a hole.  Using all his weight  he finally pushed the pick through the side wall and said "Here... see." I could not even believe that BS. RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME!! Then he said "We willl i will take care of you... buy a new tire for $325, pay to have it mounted and balanced $30 and I will credit you the $45 it cost to clean your rim of the rubber sealer WE put on there!" This is not the first time I have had problems. No matter where the hole is on your tire and how new your tire is it can never be fixed. You always have to buy a new tire. Once there was mail an inch and half from the side of the tire and they refused to patch the tire. I took it to Discount Tire and the fixed it for $15. Stay away from these con artists. They have the worst reputation and no matter what is wrong with your tire it needs to be replaced.
4	I just wanted to take the time to make an update to my last review. I feel it is not only necessary to comment on the bad but also the good.I was contacted through Yelp by  General Manager Chris Publow who made every effort to make sure things were made right. He got me another replacement tire for one that was failing on the other side of my vehicle and did so at store cost and in addition they also fixed a nail that was in the tire that was already in the tire they fixed and that i was complaining about in my first review. The store manager of the Warm Springs location was extremely helpful and made sure that everything was taken care of to my satisfaction and I am pleased with the end result and I consider this matter resolved. This was one case where the business listened and and made things right and I am grateful to this happy resolve.
1	The worst service and the longest wait. They tried to sneak extra charges without obtaining approval fist. Classical sleazy business. Avoid it at all cost.
4	After being totally blown off by Discount tire I went over to Ted Wiens. They were less expensive and way more professional then discount tire and every time I have been back since... I get a lot of nails in my tires, stupid Las Vegas... They have been more then happy to see me. Not because I'm spending money, but because I have chosen them as my tire care experts. They also do some engine repairs and services and when my car acts up they are the place to take it. So far they have identified 2 issues with my Nissan that they could have easily taken care of, but sent me to the dealership because it fell under the California SMOG warranty that is beyond that of Nevada cars. I had no idea, but they did and were happy to save me the cost of repairs... Which I would have gladly paid them for. I won't be going anywhere else for my basic car needs while in Las Vegas!
4	Made an appointment here for an oil change after purchasing a set of "peeler" coupons from a guy who came by my office selling them for $20.  For that price I got a peeler coupon card that entitled me to three free oil changes and discounts on other services.  I picked this location because it was closest to my house.  I knew I was off to a good start when Chris answered my call very politely and scheduled me for a Saturday morning oil change.  After checking in, I only waited less than 5 minutes before they called my name, took my keys and started the service on my vehicle.  They quoted me 45 minutes, so my kids and I went across the street to grab some brunch and exactly 45 minutes later I got a call from Chris, who said my car was ready. When I went to pick up my car, another service tech went over the inspection and charges with me and made some suggestions, also told me that my break pads needed replacing.  He quoted me a reasonable price and asked me when I would like to schedule the service. I told him I would check my schedule and call them back.  He didn't pressure me whatsoever into having the service done today or anything, just said to call them anytime.  I only paid an additional $6 or so for the synthetic brand of oil for my oil change.  Overall I had a great experience with this location and will definitely be going back.  As a gal, I am constantly thinking these auto repair places are going to try to rip me off, but I felt very comfortable here and trust these guys.
4	They fixed a flat and changed the air in the other tires. Okay you would think i would be complaining about $350 for a flat repair but instead i will say i appreciate the service i got. I think Las Vegas is the flat-tire capital of the world and unfortunately i have participated a few times. My wife noticed something shiny in one of my front tires. The dreaded tire killing screw. No air loss so hopefully just one of those short ones. Went to have it checked. Was hoping they could do the usual $60 flat repair if it went through (18" run-flats on the front....if you want to play you have to pay) but after they got the tire off i was informed the puncture was too close to a previous repair and the tire had to be replaced. He took the liberty to get a tire on the way from another location then gave me the bad news. Yeah, $350 is an ouch but my service writer did everything he could to get me on the road quickly. I dropped the car off at 7:15 without an appointment on a monday and they had me back on the road before 11:00. Great service, competitive prices. I will likely be back (second flat in 8 months.) They also offered hazard coverage....hmmmm may not be a bad idea. Another cool thing they did for me was to change the air in the tires to nitrogen. The molecules are larger and the tires don't lose air as quickly especially with low profile tires. (sorry chem major)  Pull in to the first bay every couple months and they will top them off for you.
1	*PLEASE READ* Do not go here and don't buy their budget coupons either! Spend the 2 extra dollars in gas and go somewhere else. The customer service I received was horrible. I wasn't the only consumer pissed off in their lobby either.
1	I went to get a smog and oil change! They never told me that if my check engine light was on that it was an automatic fail they just went ahead and did it anyways!! They totally rip you off and not to mention the unhappy customers that were there waiting for HOURS for their oil change! One lady even said she will never buy the coupons again because she had some before other people and their cars were finished before hers. I will never go here again!
1	If I could give them 0 Stars I would. I bought a peeler card for free oil changes, discounts, ect. I took my small truck down, and now I know synthetic blend is a little more and I am happy to pay it, but instead of giving me my free oil change and adding the additional charge for Synthetic, they gave me half off my Synthetic change. Half off is not free, per the discount card I purchased. And $35 is quite a big up charge. Ted Weins wont even back up their own discount cards which i paid for.
5	After getting the total run around from a competitor, the company I work for moved our business to Ted Wiens.  Why?  Chris Deuel at the S Eastern Ave location is a huge reason why.  I walked in and said I wanted the tire from one of our fleet vehicles replaced.  He quickly pulled up the information, gave me the tire I wanted, at the same price as one purchased from a different Ted Wiens just a few weeks prior, and all without any ridiculous upsell hooplah.  The competitor, who I will write about in a different review, used to give us all sort of shenanigans with pricing, warranties, tire availability, etc. Huge Ups for Ted Wiens and Steve Deuel!!!
5	Great service and price! TW was my 3 rd shop to get a quota on a brake job for my F150 super crew. Talked with Chris Deuel and he got started with a complimentary inspection and detailed over view of services and prices.  It was close in price to the other shops and closer to my house, so I went with it. Very fast and comfortable service and when it was done the whole job came in just under amount quoted. I will defiantly bring all my automotive services back to Ted Wiens tire and auto.  Thank You Chris you have gained a client and a great word of mouth person.
4	Everything from them taking my car in to replacing the hoses was great.  they told me 45 minutes, and it was 45 minutes.  I originally stopped by this place because Wal-mart wouldn't touch my headlight for liability issues when i was getting my oil changed.  Which i didn't understand because i was paying them to fix it., Ted wiens fixed it in 5 minutes for a few bucks.  So i went back for the leaks.  I will say that some of their pricing seems just a hair more expensive then other places i have been but its worth it for quality work at reasonable times.  I have had nightmare "fix it" jobs from other places in the past where a 4 hour job turned into 2 days.
4	Pretty good service. Called to make an appointment for an oil change and put me right in right away. Done in an hour. Also, very reasonably priced for an oil change and tire rotation. Will definitely come here again.
4	Good service. Got a standard oil change for my Hyundai done within an hour, free inspections included. Got $5 off too. Ask for Chris and tell him I sent you! He's pretty straightforward and will answer any questions you may have. They might try to offer and sell you services/products you don't need, so just politely say no (if it ain't broke don't fix it). They aren't that pushy, but had to at least try. I don't blame them, their business is probably hurting in this economy. I will probably return once I need new tires, if pricing is reasonable compared to average competitors.
4	I typically come here only for oil changes and smog checks.On multiple occasions the attendant has asked if I had coupons.  If I didn't, they would apply one anyway.  The prices are decently fair in general though.  There are better bargains to be found for sure, but I'm happy with Ted Wiens rates.Part of the oil change is a tire rotation which is nice.  While they were rotating this last time, they were able to fix whatever was wrong with my brakes.  I had gone into multiple shops for my squealing brakes.  Every time I would just hear that there is brake dust and that was all.  After cleaning the brake dust, the noise would come back in a few days.  But yeah, Ted Wiens replaced some part for 20 bucks and I haven't heard the noise in a couple weeks now.One thing I hate (and Ted Wiens isn't the only place that does this), is that they frequently under inflate my tires.  They always inflate to 25psi (cold) when it should be 30psi.  Is it so hard to glace at the inside of the driver's side door?
1	Fellow Las Vegans if you EVER need service on your auto please do yourself a HUGE favor and DO NOT TAKE your car to Ted Wiens Tire & Auto on Warm Springs and Eastern. We took our car there .. it was supposed to take them 3hrs to repair. We now its 24 hrs plus into a 3 hrs repair . Because they broken a critical part putting it back together and had to ship it overnight to fix, then has stalled at repairing it was supposed to be complete at 10am and its 1pm now. So do yourself  favor AVOID like the Plague Ted Wiens Tire & Auto on Warm Springs and Eastern.
5	Have been to this store 3 times in past couple months, including last week for an alternator and today for a set of tires. Great staff right up to the manager.  Friendly, helpful and great prices.  They recommended needed service but didn't try to push anything.  The tires he recommended were priced well and should work out.  They have made a loyal customer.
