5	Being male, I just ask for a great haircut at a great price. I don't need fancy styles or coloring or anything like that. Hair Mechanix provides that. In fact, I'd say they gave me one of the best haircuts I've ever gotten. At least the toughest haircut critic I know - my wife - said so. On top of that, nice staff and lively atmosphere.
3	Not every haircut needs to be a work of art.  They don't always need to involve perfumes, dyes and hours in the chair.  Sometimes you just need your hair to be shorter, and if you're on the East side of town, skip the chains and park it at Hair Mechanix.Perfect for men, kids, and quick cuts, the price is right (men's cut: $8) and the service is quick and to the point.    The staff is polite and constant, with seemingly little turnover year after year.  When you're done, take advantage of the Burger King in the shared parking lot or cross the street for discount flicks at Tropicana Cinemas.
5	I have been going to Hair Mechanix for at least ten years.  This has got to be the best deal in town.  For a simple cut with no frills, this is the best!!
4	If you need a quick, simple haircut and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is a good place in the Southeast part of town.  They do a good job and will not try to get you to spend more than you are willing to.  I'm a guy who just wants his hair shorter, so I don't know how they are at doing the fancy hairstyles, but judging by the fact that there are usually quite a few customers in there of all ages and both men and women, I'm guessing they are pretty good at women's styles too.  It's cheaper than the chain stores and more friendly too.
4	I am a single mom of  2 boys and I take them to Hair Mechanix. I am very picky as to how people cut their hair. Every time I go they get a different stylist and I have been impressed every time. I even went once and was pleased with my hair cut. They offer a great price and the their customer service is good as well. The only thing I can probably complain about is the parking, They are located in a very small shopping center but if you go during the week parking is easy to find.
1	Tried to get my hair cut today , she asked me how do you want your haircut? I told her how I want it cut, and she replied you sure you want it that short ? I  said yes and she kept saying you don't want it like that, over and over.I know how I want it cut so if you won't do it the I want I will take my business elsewhere.so I got up up from the chair said thank you and left.
5	Marnie (sp?) hooked me up with a GREAT $8 haircut and I'll definitely be going back. Easy to talk to, completely understood what I wanted, and lightning fast. Highly recommend!
4	Good haircut.  Really friendly staff.  If you have a favorite, you can request her and wait.  The only guy I have seen cutting hair there is the owner and he gives a great haircut.
5	First time going, service was wonderful. For years I would have home haircuts and was nervous about getting my haircut in a salon, my hairdresser made the experience so comfortable. She was friendly and patient. I keep my hair short and have my sides buzzed, the gradations she did were phenomenal. I have found my salon!!!
1	Wish I could this place a negative 5.. I went in for a hair cut. Asked the stylist for a A-line haircut. Told her I didn't want it taken up too high and that I DID NOT want clippers to be used. After shampooing my hair and digging her nails in my scalp, she complained that my hair was too "mushed". She started off by sectioning my hair and immediately took her shears and took WAY more than I had said.. She then tried telling me that bc my hair was missing in one spot she had to even it out.. She kept chopping and then used trimmers to by neck!!! When I specifically said NO clippers! Over all my hair is so fucked up that I can't even have a reputable shop fix it.. My only option is having extensions put in. You pay for what you get!! I will NEVR EVER recommend this place.. Not even to my worst enemy. On top of the shitty service from my stylist whom I think her name is Judy (Her station is the 4th station on the left.) the salon is a complete dump. The walls look like they're growing mold... When I asked the stylist to blow dry and style my hair she made it known that she probably wouldn't be able to do anything with my "mushed" hair. And proceeded to run a fine tooth comb through my tangled hair. Honestly the worst experience I have ever had. Please do not go there. EVER! I would like to say that the receptionist lady up front is a very sweet lady.
2	I was her (can't remember her name) first client of the day and she seemed a bit upset ...for $15 I got the dead ends cut off but I also got a very uneven haircut. She was wearing sandals which is a huge health violation..won't be back
2	Pros.      Cheap haircuts.  Fast service  experience stylists friendly when not fighting with each other.  ( stylists that is)  Cons.  Dirty. health violations left and right . No credit cards. And no appoinments for Haircuts or waxing.   What? Are you kidding me no appointment ? Wow Never go there again and they told me my stylist is staying at home with her kids now on.  No I found her on Sunset and Sandhill    Love her not Hair MECHANIX
4	Lauren is awesome she does great haircuts and the customers really appreciates what she does she treats the staff with respect and she shows her customers the same type of respect. She does a wonderful job with haircuts coloring hair and extensions as well she does a really good job and if you want good results I really Recommend her. If you want to reach her you can call her at 702-443-4316 I really liked my style you would too Lauren is now working at a salon called All About You Salon at 848 South Boulder Hwy. make an appointment to see Lauren the salon number is 702-564-1414
