5	Everyone is very friendly, lots to choose from.
3	The lady was nice and the prices were ok.  I liked that she talked to us openly without the usual unholier than thou attitude we get at psychic eye. However..I got a grab bag for five bucks said to contain, among other possible "treasures" a magic wand, crystal ball, fairy dust and trinket. What I got for five dollars was a popsicle stick, a marble , some glitter and a wood pog with a star sticker on it. Oh yes. I'm serious. I thought grab bag...well,  I would get some random delightful item worth five bucks...or a clearance item...not a bunch of crap...it wasn't even good enough to be crap. I laid out the stuff and took pictures to make a joke blog about my magical grab bag. It was so pathetic I was loathe to admit I had wasted five dollars that could have gotten me a combo meal and abandoned the idea. Harry Potter doesn't kill dementors with a popsicle stick!  Miss CLEO doesn't read fortunes from a marble! I can't join any self respecting coven with these as my tools!
4	I was wonderfully surprised at this awesome little shop. This shop carried unique items and wicked awesome prices.
4	Kind of a varied assortment of items.  Some cool, some just tacky and seemed a little out of place.  I didn't talk to the staff much, but overheard conversations between them and other customers.  They seemed knowledgeable and overall very friendly.  Allowed customers to take pictures of various things in the store, including the necklace the girl working was wearing.  I didn't find anything worth purchasing, but I'm glad I popped in.
3	I stepped in out of curiosity after going to the home brew store next door-It's not my cup of tea...a smallish shop featuring items for your rituals/magic. Perhaps your seance or divining. I don't do religion period,so being in here was almost as weird as being in church, but I suppose if you need sage or incense, you may need to stop in here at least once.All in all I'd say psychic eye has more of these sorts of things with a bigger shop and more house adornments for your chamber or altar.
