3	I know we don't have a lot of choices in Surprise, and this can be a decent park to visit. However, your typical dog owner who refuses to clean up after their dog, lets them run amuck, thinking they run the place! We have a very small dog that only weighs 4lbs, so we have to becareful where she runs and plays at. Most dogs are good to her, but there are those few that wants to ruin the day. So I have to be her protector and stand her ground for her! Owners! I have no problem, telling you where to go! Over all this park is nice, can be better! They have two serperate yards. One- for dogs under 20lbs, and Two- for dogs over 20lbs. Just if more dog owners can clean up after their dogs, how much better this park would be?
5	This dog park is great!  Lots of dogs are always here and they all get along for the most part.  Of course there will be the occasional altercation or poop, but that's a given with any dog park. There are a few picnic tables with shade and water fountains for humans and dogs.  There are two sides, one for big dogs (over 20lbs) and a side for the small pups.  It's nice because there is a pond too.  If the puppies don't like the dog park you could always walk them around the pond!
5	Yay Yay and Yay!Yay for the plastic grocery bag recycling program.  No need to spend on money on doo-doo bags or add to landfills!Yay for the huge big dog area.  There is tons of room for them to run and play!Yay for responsible and knowledgeable dog owners!Trying to avoid negativity I will just say that if you plan on bringing your dog oto any off-leash dog park, please educate yourself about dog behavior and the signs of aggressive behavior.  If participants at the park state that your dog is being aggressive and needs to go, then it is time to remove yourselves from the park.
4	Being a resident of Surprise for only a couple of months, it's so great to be able to mingle with neighbors and dogs from all over. I bring my furry monster, AJ here every weekend so he can let off some steam and play with some of his friends. Everyone here is pretty nice and well aware of their dogs. They'll clean up after their dogs and make sure they're not doing anything inappropriate. However, there are the select few people who don't and that causes an issue or two.They recently opened the park back up after a couple of weeks of renovating. It still looks the same but I'm not sure if there's something wrong with the sprinkler system because there have been really bad mud puddles these past two weekends.So bring your furry monster! and some extra towels too.
5	My dog seems to like it.  Since he doesn't understand English ("Stay off the couch when I'm gone" / "Don't eat that!" / "Quit digging up the yard"), it's hard to convey that we're going to the dog park.  Regardless, he gets really excited whenever I open the door to the truck, and jumps right in.  After years of trying to decipher goofy dog expressions, I have collected enough data points to deduce that he's happier to end up at the dog park than the vet's office.   That's got to count for something.  He's not on yelp, so this review is written more for him than for me.
