5	I have known Dr. Craig Runbeck for 5 years+ and he is an awesome doctor that treats your body as a whole.  He provides nauturopathic, allopathic ("MD style") and osteo/muscle manipulative treatments and usually treats by natural methods first, if possible.  His bedside manner is wonderful, he is kind, patient, and listens closely to be sure to treat/diagnose his patients accurately.  Our family highly recommends him!!  He is hands down the best doctor in Laveen!!  Finally a good Laveen family doctor (even though the address says Phoenix, he is in fact in Laveen).
5	Nice guy. Met him at the Laveen BBQ at the highschool, where he had a booth and was giving free blood pressure checks. He took time to listen and talk about some issues I've been having (FOR FREE!) and saw him doing the same for other people. He seems like he really cares about people. I'm happy there's a real doctor in the neighborhood, not just those urgent care places.
5	Sometimes you're just lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time.  Meeting with Dr. Craig Runbeck was indeed my lucky day. After multiple gut surgeries my innards simply don't work as well as they should. Dr. Runbeck took the time to actually LISTEN to my complex medical history, then followed up with some very interesting tests to show my problem areas.  I was a little skeptical of the tests at first, but was soon won over.  I had all my vitamins with me, but there were two that I wasn't sure I should be taking as my stomach rebelled after taking them.  Well, Dr. Runbeck's tests picked out those two vitamins as not being good for me, at least that particular brand or formulation.  I didn't even tell him ahead of time which two I was worried about, but darn if he didn't pick up on them right away.  I was a full believer at that point!He gave me a supplement to take for my innards and a week later I'm simply amazed at how well I am feeling. Foods that hammered me before are digesting normally.  What a blessing!Dr. Runbeck is a very caring man who is interested in the whole person, not just in the parts that are not working right.  I'm so impressed with his skill level, caring personality and knowledge. I will gladly use his services in the future and I whole heartedly recommend that you do as well!
