5	I ordered custom interiors for my new Juke. Floor mats, seat covers, dash cover, and even extra fabric to make a mat for my Standard Poodle, who rides in the entire back.They were very patient in helping me pick out fabrics, did a great job creating the interiors, and installed everything beautifully.And the car looks way cool. Zebra print!
1	First contact was great.  The customer service was excellent but the product did not meet the standards set.  I ordered a custom dashmat in a suede finish for my vehicle and waited a week for it to be made.  The fit was not very good to my dashboard and the quality was lacking.  I paid $54.99 plus tax and was sorely disappointed.  The stitching was sub-par, it was about 1/2 inch too big, and after speaking with them, I was told that it was perfect and no alterations would be done.  Luckily, Laura was very professional and understood my concerns and offered up the option of returning it.Laura gets 5 stars, but the product was 1 star for the price.
2	Since they are local, I drove down to order a dash board cover. I chose color, options and paid the $60.00. They said they would call me when it came in. About 7 days later I received the call and went down the next day. ( each trip is about 30-miles one way)I went there and chose for them to install it. I waited and watched through the door as the installer was struggling with the installation. He called out several people to look at the cover. After about 30-minutes, they finally came in to tell. Me that they need to re-make the cover. It didn't fit. They told me about a day or two to make its. I told them not to rush. I was going out of town for a few days and would come back when I returned.  About 4 days later I called to see if it was ready for me to come down.  After waiting on hold, I was told that it wasn't ready and it would be ready in two days. I called back in two days and was then told that they don't have the correct material any longer. It would be about 4-weeks. BS!!!!  I told them what I just want my money back. They said that would be OK.  I told them I would come down tomorrow.  When I got down there, I was told that I didn't need to come down, that they already credited my card.   ARRRRGGGHHH!!!!!!  Why didn't they tell me BEFORE I drove all the way back down there.  All I can say is, " thank God I didn't by this on-line"Will not use them again.
5	Excellent product. Fits like a glove. Looks good in my car.
5	Just received and had installed new dash  (Sedona suede) for my Infiniti FX35.  Came in a couple of days later than they originally promised but no big deal.  They installed it for free and the gentleman was meticulous with the installation.  Would definitely recommend.
