4	I love Kerry's!  My friends and I go every week for Monday Night Football.  Lots of TVS, great drink/food specials and our waitress Carol rocks!
4	Kerr'y is an excellent place to go for lunch.  The menu has a good selection, and the prices seem to be on par with every other place.  From the flyers they have posted on and around the door, it looks like Karaoke on the weekends gets pretty crazy.  The staff has been friendly every time I have been there, and the service is excellent.
4	When you're a visitor you may not know more than the restaurants just outside your hotel.  This is where meeting the locals and asking their advice comes in handy.  Lucky for me, I went to Vegas to visit some long-time family friends who'd been in Nevada for over ten years.  Now, these are folks who are originally from Jersey, so their standards are New York style pizza.  Or, perhaps that's my standards and I just know they also like that style.  I thought the pizza was pretty good:  thin, soft crust with lots of sauce and cheese and flavor of course.  I had kind of wondered if there was a Vegas style pizza.  Turns out they told me the person who owns Kerry's is from the Jersey area.  Go figure!   Well, at least I think they said it was the owner.  It was someone who worked there.  Oh, and I also tried the garlic knots, onion rings and mini corn dogs.  They were all good.  Watch out, though, the garlic knots are addicting!The atmosphere is a great place for bringing friends and eating good food and laughing and having a good time, especially if you're a sports fan - college in particular.  And that is what we were there doing.  My friends go there fairly frequently, so I'd say they're fans of Kerry's.  I had positive experiences the times they brought us there in that oh so short visit.
3	I've come here mostly on Friday and Saturday nights when my friends band (Reggae) used to play there. It was the hawaii hang out for a while earlier in the year. Its a nice place, very spacious, they have Karaoke on the weekends and sports during the week. I believe its a $1 asong.I am a big fan of their pizza there. THe crust is like a mix between thin crust and hand tossed. Just the flavor of the crust is amazing ;) Lots of cheese and marinara sauce. A nice balance with the toppings.
3	For once I have basically nothing to say. I came here after work with friends for some beers, laughs, and food. My seafood platter of fried fish and shrimp was over fried and under seasoned but the fries were the best part. Luckily they had great $2 beer specials and a long happy hour. For an after work happy hour I guess I can keep coming back considering it is only a few blocks from my house.
1	I'm so glad this place decided to treat my friends and I like scum, I love that! -Waiting 20 minutes for simple food? Check!-20 minute wait for any type of communication from the waitress? Check!-Attitude from said waitress? Check!-Giving us the bullshit fake line about the Credit Card minimum? DOUBLE CHECK!This was basically the visit from hell and assured that our weekly happy hour meetups will no longer be taking place here. Congrats Kerry's! You have lost yourself steady business.
4	This place is never very busy but always feels understaffed. I say this because even though there's never many people in the restaurant, you never get good attention from your waitress. This is probably due to her being torn in 50 directions because not only is she the hostess and waitress she's also the bartender! So I find it hard to judge soley on wait time alone. I've been in here plenty of times with the girls from work and we always get the same thing: cheese pizza and an order of Garlic knots. The pizza is delicious with Sams club comparable slices ;) and the garlic knots will keep the vampires away for months. Over all the food is great (at least what I've tried) if you can handle waiting a few extra minutes for service. Also, don't guzzle your drink all at once because that refill may never come.
