3	I decided to venture to Suite last night and my experience was A-Ok.  This is the newest club in Charlotte so there was a silly long line to get in.  Service - Bartenders were decent, but not great as the one I had seemed a little confused and overwhelmed.  She messed up my order twice.  Servers are dressed a little revealing in black/ gray low cut lace corset tops and black hot pants.  All of them seemed to be able to pull off the look.   Price - Cover was steep, by Charlotte standards, @ $9.  Drinks were priced well for a nightclub.  I just had mixed drinks and they were coming in at $6 a pop.  In Charlotte, they can range from $5 - $7.Music - Nice mix of techno, house and dance with guest Dj Tina T from LA.  Thank god, they save the Rednex - "Cotton Eye Joe", OAR and the "Country Road" - techno version for the other 90% of the bars in Charlotte (this music is on a freak'n nonstop loop here!!)  Layout - The club was easy to maneuver.  Sound system was well placed so there were no spots where I felt my hearing would be lost due to speak placement.  The easily accessible outside terrace was nice and this area seemed to be where people liked to smoke, thus helping to keep my clothes from smelling like a cigarette filter in the morning.  Downside, they let people bring glass out to the terrace.  It will only be a matter of time before someone lets a glass slip onto someone's head below.Crowd/ Vibe - People seemed to dress nicely here.  It was kind of like Form, but dressier.  So, if you go, go dressed too impress.Overall - As I left around 1:30 AM, a bouncer thanked me nicely for coming.  With there STILL a line to get in at that time, I think I will be back, but I do not think I would wait ALL night to get in.
3	I have been to Suite on quite a few occasions and on different nights of the week to get a feel of the crowds, the service, and the atmosphere.Service - Most of them are pretty courteous.  The pace behind the bar is very fast since there are so many people crowding the bar at once, so make sure you know what you want before the Bartender gets to you.  You may only have a few seconds to decide before you're skipped over.  To get the best service, get yourself some cash and go to the Red Bull kiosks on the outdoor patio (cash only).Price - The $9 cover is steep and an odd number to charge, IMO.  This place is about on par with Forum and HOM as far as price is concerned.  Do not ask about specials, the only specials they have are "Full Price Drinks All Night."Atmosphere - Everyone dresses up to come to this place, so come dressed to impress every night.  The lights are low, the DJs are usually pretty good, and the sound system is just right.  The outdoor area is the most laid back.  Come out here if you don't want to dance and if you want to mingle amongst the crowd and hold a conversation.  The crowd can be a little pretentious on some nights.Overall - I'd say that Suite is a place you will either love or you will hate.  I think it's a good place to start the night, but not necessarily a good place to end the night.  The lines get ridiculously long as the night progresses so get there early if you want to get in before 1:30 AM.
2	After fighting with multiple bouncers regarding a membership card, they finally allowed my friends and I in. The membership card they explained is what I needed to get in, but it would take two days to process. As an out of towner I was confused how they could turn patrons away due to a lack of card. Maybe someone can better explain why this card is needed.With the exclusivity image the multiple bouncers projected, I expected a much more exclusive crowd and higher priced cover. $7 for women and $9 for me was confusing. Patrons were not completely dressed to impress as most were dressed in jeans and  t-shirts. I felt over dressed in a dress and heals. The bar did not have the liquor I requested (Hpnotiq) which was another strike against them.The music was good though. A great mix for the mixed crowd allowing everyone to find something to dance to at some point throughout the night. The dance floor was packed which was nice to see. Kudos to the DJ for keeping the people moving.
2	Smaller than expected, beautiful, but small.  Basically a square room with each side artfully crafted to try and not look like a box.  The rock star / celebrity DJ booth which is the first thing you see when you walk in has a wavy pattern with colors projected on it.  Then there's the interesting round white bar, then yet another bar, standard lounge seating and back to the DJ booth.  Each area is nice to look at and a perfect microcosm of activity.  The dance floor itself is right in front of the DJ booth and takes up the middle of the room.Unfortunately it collapses into a pretentious space that is not conducive to dancing.  The DJ booth and dance floor are too up front and center.  You're not here to have a private experience with the music and discover a new dance move you just made up to a great new song you're hearing for the first time.  You're here to show off your pecs and your Armani or your new cleavage and $1,000 shift dress while pretending to accidentally spill your cosmo on the cutest person in the room.  But if you want to marry a plastic doll, architect, engineer or a banker you should get your butt in here right now and start workin' it.
1	Nice space and great patio with views of uptown. BUT, it's trying too hard to be cool in the very lame Epicenter. Crowd is questionable at best.
5	Here's the deal.I am visiting from Los Angeles and was looking for something good to do with my boys.Of all people, a guy at Radio Shack recommended this place to me.  I was skeptical because of the reviews on Yelp from the beginning.This club was literally one of the best I have ever been to in my life.  We walked upstairs.  There was a line but the security saw us coming and let us right in.  They also waived the cover.  I have no idea why.  So far, so good.  We rolled in and ordered drinks.  They were a third of the price of what we pay in LA and the bartender flared them.  No shit.  We were liking.  The dance floor was covered with girls (2 to 1 boy/girl ratio) and the cocktail waitresses were smokin'.  They even had a hot girl bartending.  The music was mediocre but with cheap drinks and hot chicks, who cares?Needless to say, we had a blast!  We're going back tonight and have invited friends.
2	The night I was there there were way too many sloppy-fall-down-drunks and the crowd looked "ridden hard and put away wet". It was like amateur hour at the Roxbury.
1	We did not pay cover and we did not wait in a line.STILL-- I couldn't stand this club. Maybe I'm just over the club scene, or maybe I'm used to more diverse crowds -- but I was not impressed by Suite. The music was OK -- until they started blasting Miley Cyrus. The drink prices were average. I did like the outdoor deck that they had because it was a much more laid back atmosphere. The club is not as big as it seems from the outside. Blah.
1	This place is a nightmare.  The dance room is small and nasty--but the people are even nastier.  The philosophy is typical for a wannabe NY club spot that lacks one main ingredient: NEW YORK.  Oh yeah, let's talk music.   They somehow found a way to play country music at a night club.  Enough said.One more thing now that I'm rambling.  I almost slapped a dude who decided it was clever to stare at my wife and yell an obscenity. The only thing that held me back was the cheap beer in my hand I didn't want to break on his jaw.
3	Love it or hate it probably sums this club up the best. I don't think it rivals high-level bars at most metropolitan centers, but good none the less. The DJ and sound system is very good and I had a sneaking suspicion escorts were there looking for clientele, I could be wrong but the wife pointed it out that some "working" was going on. I think it's a toss up between Suite and Whiskey River if your doing the Epicentre scene. Good news is the drink prices were average and wait staff were very attentive to drink needs at the bar. Crowd is yuppie bank employees and other young professionals (nothing wrong with that). Definitely the best views of Charlotte from the deck no doubt.
5	Sometimes I feel like layering seven pastel-colored Lacoste polos (pink on the outside baby!) and popping each collar in sequence.  Sometimes I feel like wearing a tight black t-shirt with a huge sequin dragon on it (no my mom didn't make it with her bedazzler, thank you very much) and wearing it with my Rock & Republic jeans and crisp white tennis shoes with a big gold chain (yeah jersey shore, snookie this if your you!).  Either urge demands massive amounts of gel in my hair and $600 bottle service at my private table, paid for to get my past those peons waiting in line.  Thankfully they have change as I only roll with $100s.  Can you smell the money? (and Axe body wash?)  Ok perhaps I never feel either of these urges, but if I did you should not doubt for one second that I would go directly to Suite.
2	My expectations might have been a little high. This review is coming from someone who has lived the LA night scene and now is living the Vegas nonstop party so keep that in mind but this club is one of the most pretentious and uncool I've been to in Charlotte. Is Bruno Mars, Rhianna partying at Suite every other night like they do regularly in Sin City clubs? Why the long wait to get in at Suite? At least in LV the long lines are understandable. There are thousands of you visiting everyday!Supposed Suite is trying too hard to seem hip, fancy and trendy but it fails miserably. The owners are forgetting this club is in Charlotte. Needless to say, we tried to have a good time but the whole fun atmosphere and vibe was just not there. It's unlike me because I usually have a blast at clubs like 99.9% of the time!*A tip for the guys, you're not gonna get laid after the night is over here, this is not Vegas haha! The only good thing about this place is the drink prices but that's about it. Drinks itself are average. I'm used to paying LV prices
1	I've disliked this club since it first opened.  First whoever laid it out  was nuts.  Makes no sense to have to walk across a dance floor to get to the bathroom.  I've always thought the music was weak . Making people stand in line to discover an empty club is ridiculous. Last but not least, full of wannabe's.
3	good music but pricey and over crowded
2	Oh how I loathe this place. Unfortunately for us, we don't have much selection thus making Suite one of the few dance spots worth visiting. Automatic one star shoe-in for that and another star for decor and decent drink prices. Hmm, where do I start? 1. 99% of the bouncers are donkeys. Megalomaniacs who are selective for no apparent reason. 50000 people from capacity and there's still a line to get in. 2. Layout is just moronic. The deck might be larger than the actual dance floor. You either have to fight your way through the crowd or walk outside around the patio to get to the bathrooms. If it's winter, good luck if you checked in your coat! 3. The DJ's a joke. I am NOT exaggerating when I say they only play 30 seconds of a song. Just when Stella's about to get her groove back to an awesome song or classic, errrrrk stop! Hello Miley Cirus and Justin Bieber! Eh, what can you say...It's a step up from Halo and not quite as pompous as Butter. With such confined selections of actual dance clubs, Suite is a winner and is unfortunately the "Go To" club.
1	Disgusting behavior, meat market. I was sickened by the experience.
1	The only thing good about this place is being here in the summer outside on the patio before all the cheeseheads come out.  The staff stinks and the prices are outgrageous and it is just silly.  NEVER pay to get in here - if you must go, get in before they start charging cover or just refuse to pay and if you are a chick they will usually let you in for free.  Bleh!
3	This place is a hit or miss type of spot.  It is located in the Epicenter which is good if this place sucks on a particular night, cause u can jus hop to the nxt club.  First of all, security takes their job waaaaaay to serious.  They make sure ppl are on "the list" with a fine tooth comb on certain nights.  It's total BS b/c sometimes this place is packed and others sorta empty.  DJ played top 40 hits, which was SO not a hit.  Those songs are played out and I hav to drink enough to motivate myself to bust a move to those.  The inside is a descent size and actually quite nice.  The bartenders are flirty and fun.   Best part is the wrap around balcony outside.   Nonetheless, when I come here I know I betta be drunk if I wanna be crunk.
5	I've never had a bad time at Suite!!
1	At first glance, Suite appears to have all the ingredients of a hip, trendy nightspot. Located at the Epicentre, Charlotte's most recent pulse point for night life, it couldn't be better positioned to see and be seen. The muted colors of the exterior and the understated elegance of the entrance and their doorstaff provide a classy contrast to their nearest neon-bedecked competitor, Whisky River. The photographs the club posts on their website boast a comfortable, classy environment to relax with old friends and meet new ones.When you enter the club, however, the senses are pummeled by banging bass levels, extremely loud music and a sketchy floor plan.  It is hard to tell where one is meant to walk and where one is meant to dance, and there are also steps  throughout the dark room that people were constantly tripping on.  The decor of the club exuded the same elegance as the exterior implied, but is seems to be discredited by the sea of people that can't seem to find anywhere to put their drink. This kind of gives the feeling that you have to keep moving, thus discouraging lingering in any one spot and actually enjoy your beverage. The noise level and the constant jostling of bodies make Suite a very difficult place flirt, banter with, or simply enjoy conversation with the person next to you while sipping a cocktail.Speaking of drinks, they are very reasonably priced and if you can find a spot at one of the bars, the wait staff is very attentive and acclimated to the cacophony of music and misfired chatter. Since meaningful conversation isn't somewhere in which Suite would be the ideal spot, dancing should be a more viable option to bond with others. Unfortunately, this is one more place it seems Suite falls short. The music situation would have been more enjoyable if the DJ had kept the same song on for a reasonable amount of time.  Songs seemed to be changing every 30 to 60 seconds.  It seemed as if once the crowd got into a particular song, another one would be phased into it. Variety is definitely a spice in life, but changing the songs so erratically was like over-salting an otherwise tolerable meal.  Loud music is to be expected in a night club environment, but it seemed as if this speaker system was slightly too powerful for such a small space and the lights resemble diagnostic tests for epilepsy.  There is so much distraction and chaos going on, the dance floor is another unlikely spot for singles to meet or friends to chat each other up while showing off their moves.The view from Suite's deck is one of the best in the city.  There are also vip tables available for rental, decked out in classy white and beautifully appointed furniture. The only thing making the area less desirable was the fact that nobody was buying. Nearly every table remained vacant from ten to close, even though the inside of the club was packed.  In theory, the VIP area would have been the perfect spot to enjoy a quiet moment to get to know someone a little better, or enjoy conversation with sidekicks.  Its demise is that it is so removed from the action that you feel alienated or cut off from the business inside. People watching is difficult because from the double doors that permit access, it's hard to make out anything but dark shapes jostling to fit in the cramped walkway between the bar and the dance floor and the crunch of newcomers merging in from the entrance. In essence, the VIP area feels more like a time-out than a luxury.After last call was made, the lights were turned on and the music was turned significantly lower. The dance floor became a scramble of singles attempting eye contact and flirtation. Although it seemed as if many of Suite's patrons were desperately appreciative of the sudden opportunity, it , too is quickly dashed as unamused security staff herd the throng downstairs into an Epicentre-wide exodus of twenty and thirty-sometihngs to the streetside where the killjoys of cabs and designated drivers wait.Bottom line: Suite has all the potential it needs to become one of Charlotte's hottest nightspots, but fails to provide somewhere patrons can mingle.  The noise and poorly executed floor plan make conversation impossible. The DJ's A.D.D. style of spinning and lack of clear dance space do not encourage bump-and-grind bonding either.  There is a $9 cover charge at Suite, so if seeing and being seen is what you're shopping for - you're in the right spot. Any other senses you plan on using will feel neglected.  Suite's designers definitely delivered a beautiful club, but  they have some work to do to become more than just another pretty face. Fortunately, for Suite, the crowd seems to be a steady one. For now.
1	I hate to say this about a place.  But this place is trash.  If your from out of town.... Do yourself a favor and go some place with class.... Which would be The club called Butter.  The bartenders at this place were friendly but all guys... One girl... And the clientele that go there seem to be ugly girls and wannabe rich minimum wage kanye west wannabes... Or lacoste polo wearing ass holes.  Drinks are priced good though... But If you want to stay around the epicenter... Go to mez or whiskey river and do yourself a favor and stay away from this place.  Especially if your not an in bred North Carolina local.
3	Typical 20-40 somethings looking to get down type of place.  Great location for people watching and bar staff seems to do a great job keeping the drinks flowing from my experience.  With most clubs, music and DJ's will vary from night to night so that will always be hit or miss but most of the music here is top 40 type stuff mixed in with some old school hip hop every now and again.  Gets very crowded by midnight or 1am so get there a bit early if you don't want the hassle of waiting to get in.  I like the other review "ugly girls and wannabe rich minimum wage kanye west wannabes"...I suppose that's true but who cares?  Just go have fun because that stereotype can be found in every club in Charlotte :)The other benefit of being center city is the convenience of good eats and plenty of taxi's for that ride home afterward.
4	Suite is the best dance club in Uptown and is amongst the best in Charlotte. The few times that I have been there, the djs have been between rock-solid and fantastic. Furthermore, people actually go there to dance (as opposed to standing around the dance floor - posing and fronting). It also has a cool balcony -- which particularly in the fall -- is a great place to lounge.I will say that I don't like waiting in long lines and when I see them forming around Suite, I exit stage-right and go elsewhere. (Because, at the end of the day, I didn't drive to Uptown to spend all night in line, yo.)
2	The staff here is great, Shane (VIP Host) and my waitress Amber were nothing but professional and gave great service.  My reasoning for the low rating is due to some logistical issues with their patio setup.I booked a table on Saturday night during the Rocktoberfest.  All inside tables were full, but they had tables available on the patio.  I figured 300 bucks for a bottle of grey goose (including tip) was a pretty good deal, so I took it.  After arriving and being seated at my table, I then learned that Suite does not have a heated patio (no heaters, no fans blowing hot air, no nothing).  Being the idiot that I am, I had just paid 300 bucks for an outside table on the windiest and coldest day of the year so far.My waitress was completely bundled up with a jacket and scarf (no gloves though).  Having only a blazer and some slacks on, I wasn't really prepared to sit in 37 degree weather for 4 hours, so I ended up just having 3-4 drinks, getting extremely pissed off and heading home. The music was great, the club is clean and has an unusual layout.  From the outside, you would believe that it's about 5 times larger than it actually is.I would recommend this spot to anyone in their early 20s, and my only warning is that if you get a table, be prepared to scope it out first to make sure you don't end up sitting outside in an ice storm in the coming months :)
1	You have to work pretty hard for me to give you one star.  Usually, if your business is halfway decent, I would at least give you three.  I understand that nightclubs are suppose to have a certain posh, stuck-up attitude to maintain their illusion of grandeur and exclusiveness.  However, when my European friend visited me in Charlotte, I thought it would be nice to take him to a club.  We were greeted at the door by the rudest bouncer I have ever encountered.  He made inappropriate sexual references to my friend's outfit and confused the poor guy.  Please be respectful of other cultures and understand that not everyone is going to look and dress like an American.We did eventually get in because we were in the right "clubbing apparel", but I will never support this business again.  Would it be too much to request an apology?
3	What can I say? A club is a club. A place of dancing, drinking, and not really talking. It's more of a yelling kind of place, unless you go outside and in that case you can talk and relax. I don't come here often, as it's just an okay place to go. I'm not much of a clubber and I would rather go to a bar and drink my $100 with good drinks with friends and talk about life, than go to a club with okay drinks mixed with yelling and a little bit of my ears being blown. But not being biased, this place is nice during the spring time and summer time as outside it's a nice way and a chill place to hang out. In the winter time though, they have heaters outside which is nice and tents which helps with the winter winds and the cold. Weekend nights are when the older folk go and drink at the bar, whereas during the weekdays a lot of college people come here to dance. This place is definitely a place to go with a group or meeting up there to dance, not recommended to go on a first date or a place to talk. Overall though, I have nothing against this place and I would go here rather than Butter which I have heard some distinct instances where some of my friends would get thrown out for stupid reasons. People need to be more assertive at this club because of the music and well, yelling. If you love club dancing, this is the place to go because there are a lot of people and the music is not bad. If you don't want to dance, then save the cover charge and go buy a drink at a bar (like me).
3	Not great, not bad. Nothing special. It's just a club with decently okay music. I think my favorite part about Suite is their balcony. It's a nice place to take a breath from the craziness inside and to chat with friends. The inside is relatively clean. I guess I would say this is a more favorable dance club to go to in Charlotte. Of course a club wouldn't be a club without creepy old men staring at young girls. This is not an exception.But needless to say, I always have fun whenever I go to Suite. A lot of my friends have hosted parties there in their VIP sections. Personally I don't think their VIP is that great and definitely not worth the money. Drinks aren't too expensive, I would say it's regular bar price. The crowd ranges from high school to college to creepy older people. Overall, a fun place to go dancing. Don't think about meeting the love of your life there though!
2	Suite is the typical night club with the combination of go-go dancers and mainstream music. I think Wednesdays are college nights so they're 18+ and weekends are the typical 21+. There is a strict dress code (for guys anyway) so be sure to dress to impress. Guys wearing the "Dickie's" brand and boots will automatically be turned away.I recently discovered that it is actually a franchise. With that said, I can't say there is anything special that stands out about Suite. I will say it is the default club to go to since there is typically a good crowd. I normally have a good time, but that mainly depends on your company. (BTW.. I completely agree with some of the other reviewers that Suite is typically saturated with Asians, seeing as it is mainly my Asian friends that come here lol)The interior is stylish and clean. There is good patio space for when it gets too hot inside or you just want to avoid the creepers (can't have a typical night club without creepers, right?). FYI: pushing, kicking and simply telling this "creeper" division of the human species "NO! GO AWAY!" are all ineffective as they will relentlessly attempt to ambush you with groping and humping. My friends and I have adapted an immunity and have simply resorted to dismissing their existence. Not too effective, but I will continue to research other avenues of defense :)Update: Someone sent me a rude message regarding my review. I have to assume that it is someone who owns or is associated with the establishment. See picture.
4	Ok OK OK, I'll admit, at one point and time, I thought you had to be a "Sweet Guy" to be a "Suite Guy".  You had be a an uber-trendy dude, wearing a horizontal-stripped v-neck, w/shades hanging from the shirt and skinny jeans.  We all know, "that dude".With that being said, there are times when I absolutely LOVE SUITE.  There is simply no better time to go to Suite than after a few hours on the rooftop patio for Alive After 5.  I always end AA5 nights, with a few cocktails at Suite - usually RBVs (Red Bull n vodka).  Its always free to get in if you have an AA5 wristband on Thursday nights, and the dress code isn't nearly as strict as it used to be.  You can get in being casual and not necessarily trendy.  Sure it can be a bit pricey, and parking anywhere at the Epicenter can be a headache.  If price and parking aren't issues for you, then I highly suggest you "Get Suite" at the Epicenter on Thursday nights!!!  See ya there!!!
2	Just. Ugh.I got roped into going here with my 20-something coworkers, and I put on a brave face and went in the spirit of community. (I've been here before but it's been awhile.) We first went up to the third-floor entrance, where we were turned away and told to go downstairs. After going through the ID check, then the second ID check, then the first line, then the second line, we could see people being let in on the third floor. I guess we weren't dressed well enough for him? (Well, my co-workers were dressed to the nines, anyway. I had left my Hot Girl Disguise back in my twenties.)I suppose some people enjoy being crammed into a room, paying $11 for a miniscule amaretto sour, being eye-level with the scantily-clad buttocks of a go-go dancer in fur boots, or literally being shoved out of the way by a staff member because it was very important that the whole club know that someone bought a bottle of Grey Goose. (They up-light it with a flashlight as it makes its way through the dance floor, I guess so we can all Ooh and Ahh as it floats by.)That night Mario Lopez (of A.C. Slater/Dancing with the Stars fame) was supposed to be hosting an event. I didn't see much hosting, in fact I didn't see much of anything. He was up in the VIP area hanging out, and I couldn't even get close enough to see one curl on his head. Being a Saved By The Bell fan at heart, being able to see him or wave at him or something would have at least made the experience kind of redeeming, but no dice. I lasted until 12:45, at which point I excused myself and found the coworkers my own age drinking beer on a neighboring bar's patio like regular people. And I think that's where I'll be staying from now on.
1	Had to come back after my recent experience here to update my review.  I'm gonna keep it pretty short and just say that this place should really think hard about the Dj's it hires and try to keep the feel of the place more upscale and less like high school prom.  During my recent visit I spent nearly 2 hours listening to Cypress Hill's Jump Around, Salt n Peppa Push It, and other typical 90's songs.Not to mention there is a yelp offer for this place but once we showed the cashier we were told "oh, you have to go downstairs to use that".  Downstairs?  Jeeze.
1	I was here Thursday night and the place was boring and dance floor empty.  The decor and atmosphere is terrible. The DJ is terrible, I think he is playing for himself. No one is into his tunes.  This joint is over hyped and boring!
2	I was severely underwhelmed by Suite. After hearing soo many great things about this club, I expected a beautiful, spacious venue with a nice mix of somewhat interesting people. Unfortunately, the club was small, cramped and the crowd left a lot to be desired. Drinks were overpriced, too. The music was just decent with a slew of 90's and early 00's hits. I'm giving two stars because it was only $6 for admission after midnight (when I arrived) -- if it were more I would give it only one. Perhaps Friday night is the wrong night to go? Who knows. I won't be going back.
4	My first visit here since the remodel! Nothing too crazy or radically different. Just a few added bells and whistles.I'm not the biggest club person, but there are times when you end up at one. Birthdays, celebrations, girls night, whatever.... some things just call for a night of getting all dressed to impress and going out to dance.Suite has some great resident djs and they also bring in a lot of great ones. DJ Nova is fantastic. Be sure to catch him when he's in town. They also bring in celebs and reality show stars from time to time to host parties. I saw Flo-Rida perform a show here. It was pretty cool to see him in a smaller venue like this.I really like the layout of the club. Makes sense and easy to navigate. Good sized dance floor. Great patio. VIP tables both inside and out... depending on your mood. They have the patio tented right now with heaters because of the cold weather. Nice touch.Friendly staff. Volume bartenders who know how to sling some drinks. I always have fun when I venture here.. whether it be for the night or just a beverage.
1	I came down to Charlotte for a bar hop event. I am rating this on customer service only. Never stepped foot in the door. The first bouncer was a little rude and I didn't think anything of it. We went to another bar and decided to give this bar a try. On our tickets it said the event went from 11p-2a. The second bouncer said that they are not honoring that because he said the event went from 8-11. He was pretty rude about it. We showed him our tickets and he said "well I'm sorry". He was rude and never asked someone about it or even seemed to care if he lost our service. We continued on to other bars that said that they never heard that it ended at 11 and that it goes all night like our tickets said. I asked around about this bar and a lot of people didn't recommend it. Even though I never stepped foot in the door... The service at the front was horrible.... I will just say I will never step foot in there and they really need to improve their costumer service big time!!!!!
1	Came here for a live perfirmance.  It was advertised on the radio, as well as the tickets that the doors would open at 9:30 pm. Well it is now 10:16 and we are waiting outside, near first in line, for the doors to open.  The performance was scheduled to start at 10:00!  This club is off to a great first impression with me.  Had we not already purchased our tickets in advance, I would leave...If I do get in tonight, I will continue this review. ...
1	Ordered 2 shots and 2 glasses of water. Bartender with a fro gave me my two shotsLike asked and tried to charge me for two bottles of Fiji and told me my tab was $20. I explained I did not want bottled water and wanted a glass of water on the house like water should be. He took the two bottles and did not pour me 2 glasses of water. After dropping the tab and still not receiving the 2 glasses of water requested I stopped him while passing and let him know I tipped $7 on $13 and would still like my glasses of water. He told me no!!  Worst bartender ever. Eat your ego and make regulars. Stop trying to inflate your tabs to make better tips. I gave a 54% tip on my shots and still got refused 2 glasses of water. Should have taken the first tab with the Fiji for $20 and not tipped anything. Your welcome froman. Toss some bottles for me!!!...
3	This is not the same club I remember from a few years ago. It's still a decent club but it's definitely changed and I'm not talking about the renovations. The music here can be a hit or miss depending upon the DJ but normally the music is consistent with what's popular on the radio. This is probably Charlotte's most well known club and if you're new in town or just looking for a fun night out then I would recommend Suite but definitely arrive early because the line can get long and not knowing anyone can make it difficult to get in. Make sure you dress like you're going to a nice dance club and not just any old bar with a dance floor. The bouncers won't think twice about turning you away if you don't follow their dress code. The dance floor has plenty of space and if you don't like dancing then there is an outdoor patio area that is very accommodating. If you're from out of town and looking for a nice, safe place to enjoy some Charlotte nightlife then this is the perfect spot.
1	The one bouncer refused to let me in because I was wearing sneakers.  I had on nice jeans and a nice polo shirt and was dressed better than 90% of the guys in there.  I was also with three women and was their DD.  They still wouldn't let me in when we told them that.  I eventually snuck in even though I didn't want to go.  It was my friend's birthday and that is the only reason I went.  I'll never go back to a place who won't let in a DD.
3	Went to see Araab Muzik and had trouble getting in the door because i had on camo. I thought that was a strange reason not to let someone in the club, after talking to the manager he finally let me in. But it thought that was odd, i wasn't wearing anything baggy or crazy.  I will not be going back anytime soon...........
