5	i like this place wasn't crowded they had most of what i needed for my lil girls b-day last minute and the associates were very helpful and prompt when assistance was needed i would return to this location for sure
5	I thought that once I'd seen one Party City, I'd seen them all, but then I walked into this Party City. Everything here is organized and they seem to have a much larger selection of party items then some other Party Cities. The rows are themed based on boy themes, girl themes and adult themes. There is an entire candle aisle equipped even with color-specific candies (which are great for theme parties). They have an extensive costume aisle as well. All-in-all, this is going to be my new go-to Party City!
5	I was looking for graduation ideas for three of my students and was able to find everything I wanted here. I love the graduation cap box I found. The guy discounted it because it had a small dent.
4	This Party City location is larger than it looks from the parking lot, and they seem to have everything that will fit your party needs. Be sure to sign up online for emailed discounts and special sales!
5	It's hhhuuuuggggeeee (that's what she said).Yep, that is just what I said. This place is ginormous and yet it is always so organized that I can find what I am looking for, grab it, and skedaddle before I find something that I wasn't looking for and purchase it anyway (ugh, dang XX chromosones).Anyway, aisles are broken down by colors, gender, and themes. You can find anything and everything you could possibly need or didn't even know you needed for a party or event including: invitations, balloons, napkins, table cloths, straws, table ware, party favors (they have a candle aisle ), tiki torches, etc. Of course, Halloween time is ridiculously fun here, but they have these costumes year round which is great for those awesome theme parties you may encounter November - September. Need  a fog machine? They have one. How about a gallon of fake blood or liquid latex because you need to go balls to the wall for Halloween? Boom, done, Party City has it and their prices are pretty competitive!
4	It's a party city. It's a pretty big place, lots of good stuff for parties. I mean, it's a party store that specializes in party materials. I'd say over all, it suffices. Not horrific prices or great prices either. It's good enough!
5	Great party store supply house.  They always have what I need :-)
5	I can't believe I have not showed these guys and gals some love at Party city because they absolutely SAVED my Halloween in 2012. The wife and I cruised on the World's Largest Cruise ship (OASIS OF THE SEAS) back in October. Now what cruise would be complete without an awesome Halloween party.....and an AWESOME Halloween Costume. Well I had been searching for the Ultimate costume for about a month and half and my people at Party City really looked out for me. The costume I was in search of you ask? BANE....the BADASS in the last Batman Movie. I was really worried I wouldn't be able to get my hands on one before Halloween because I didn't know what size it would be and Party city was only getting a couple of them. Well I checked twice a week for about 5 weeks and when it finally arrived the guys saved one just for me. The costume FIT PERFECTLY......and  I was soooooooooo excited I didn't know what to do with myself.  When I wore it to the party onboard the Cruise ship I got RAVE REVIEWS. I was the ONLY person on board wearing that costume and that made it all the more sweeter. I couldn't thank these guys and gals enough for all there diligence and because of that they will always be my GO TO place for all of my party needs......wohoooooooooooo!!!! Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Store isn't in a great area. Easy to find though which is good. Could be a little bigger inside. Some employees are nice, some aren't. Basically a hit or miss with them whenever you go in. Selection for things is pretty big though, especially the big selections for halloween costumes.
4	A helpful staff really makes an experience. This place rocks in the customer service arena!  Get this: I walked out of here not buying a single thing. I'm still excited to recommend this place. And it ALL stems back to the unbelievable service provided by employees and management. If you read no further, just know that there's a manager named Drew who can work magic. Waiting days before a Halloween party I popped in to shop for a costume. I must have asked for a pair of costumes to try on *at least* eight times. (I was there a little over two hours. Yes. It took me that long to find suitable attire. I wanted something that covered my panties. Ok?)No matter who greeted me with a walkie talkie (to take my dubious outfit requests) it was with a smile. The turnaround time to pull a costume was super fast! The staff accepting my castoffs did not blink an eye. (Yes, I tried on the "Officer Rita" and "Peacock Bunny".)I mean, I *tried* to fold everything back into a neatly organized envelope. Buuuut no. Who am I kidding? I can't wrap presents in the best of circumstances. After FINALLY settling on Robin (from Batman and Robin) I asked for the accessories so I could checkout. Major bummer. Turns out someone had pulled a five finger discount. I was holding the last XL and had no belt, cape or cute little slip on gloves. I asked to speak to a manager and Drew popped out faster than a bunny during a magic show.Drew offered a myriad of options.- He dug up a smaller size & offered to provide those accessories w/the XL- He called around to other stores to check inventoryI tried on the smaller sized belt. No dice. (I'm built like a tank w/o a waist.)Drew then offered to sell me the costume + accessories at a 40% discount. (So I wouldn't have to drive so far out of my zone. I hate driving.)In the end I drove over to another Party City. Drew jotted down the address, directions (which is kind of cute given smartphone GPS) and the name of the managers over at the other store + the phone #. When I picked up my costume I was treated like a bar buddy. The manager there had ALL of my information was waiting with my Robin.That's customer service. That's awesome.
5	Friendly and helpful staff.  They have everything you can possibly imagine.  No complaints.....oh and there's a candy buffet that catches your eye right when you walk into the store, so I bought myself some sour Smarties you don't come across too often along with a some greasepaint I came into the store for.
5	I want to give a shout out to Sam who works filling up balloons. She is an amazing and dedicated employee. I came in on Monday to get three balloons made for a photo shoot and she went above and beyond to help me create the look I was trying to achieve. Sam seriously spent a solid 30 minutes with me and was so kind. I greatly appreciated this excellent customer service.
