5	My Poutine travels continued through Montreal with my visit to Maamm Bolduc was pretty damn cool. First off, this is not a place you wander into. No, it is a place you must enter with thought and care. They have several styles and to just willy-nilly pick one is a disgrace to a true Poutine eater! No, make plans and know your pallette. I had the Poutine Bourguignonne with a Coke. The stuff was amazing. The curds melted so perfectly and the gravy was incredible. I was on my 5 or 6th poutine of my adventure and this was a real highlight. The best part was the onions. They were crispy and delicious and the perfect counter-point. Not the best fries of the challenge, but possibly the best over-all.
4	If the crowds in a place indicate its awesomeness - Ma-am-m Bolduc's wins hands-down.Planning on poutine, i was completely unprepared for the extensive breakfast menu which will have me returning on another Sunday for brunch.Thoughts on the Bourguignonne poutine - more cheese please. The gravy and fries are perfect, but poutine needs curd cheese in copious amounts.
4	The gravy here is the balls! Let me lay it out for you, the basic poutine has 3 ingrediends: fries, gravy, cheese.   Fries can be thick/thin, crispy or soggy.   Cheese can be sqeeky and fresh/or not, and applied in various amounts.  BUT, the secret ... the real magic ... that's in the gravy baby.Ma-am-m Bolduc's gravy is meaty, peppery, and full of wonderful.This little resto is tucked away on a quiet street, and has an enjoyable front patio for good weather (pitchers of beer are a plus).  I found the servers to be friendly and laid back.  Overall, my favorite place for poutine in Montreal.
5	Poutine: thick and rich peppery gravy , crisp french fries and appropriate cheese. The poutine vegetarienne is excellent also, but the traditional poutine will do just fine. This is the best poutine in Montreal, right ahead of Poutine Lafleur in Verdun. Born and raised in Quebec, whenever I visit this is the ONE poutine that I want to go to again. And always do. Darn it, now I want one and I'm 600 miles away. Please christmas break, come faster.
5	Best poutine to date for me!  I only get to have it once per year, but this was great!  There are a number to chiose from...not as many as other poutine restaurants but plenty to satisfy!  Crisp fries, thick sauce, slightly squeaky cheese (indicates freshness) and great beer on tap!  Go ahead order the large you'll wish you would have if not!
5	My fiancee and I only have 3 nights in Montreal and one of the things on her must get list was Poutine. Well it was between this place and Resto La Banquise, and this spot won the coin toss.  As spoken by other yelpers, let me re-iterate some key points. The menu is quite possibly one of the most colorful hand made works of art that doubles as a menu. The interior is similarly decorated as well.  You would never think that a place like this existed in such a location, but drive through a residential part of town, and then boom, there it is just sitting on the corner.  Server was friendly and offered us a selection of their beers on tap and information on what they had for the evening. Eventually my fiancee settled on being a traditionalist with the standard grand Regulaire, while I went the man route and got the  grand Bourguignonne, although I had them leave out the mushrooms. Pics were taken of both dishes and just staring at these took a year off our lives.Mine could best be described as meat on a plate with starch under it.  The gravy was excellent and seasoning of the beef was tasty. Since I am not Canadian, I cannot say whether the cheese "squeaked" or not so I deferred to my fiancee who says "It didn't squeak but it was still fresh" you purists apparently will understand that..She enjoyed her traditional poutine, however felt that the fries could have been a little less greasy, more cheese on the plate, and that the gravy was perfect. Definitely one of her top 3 poutines shes had so far to date.
4	Of course we had to try poutine while visiting Montreal from NYC.  We ultimately wound up here via recommendations from a local who said this was HIS favorite place for poutine (so it had to be excellent!).  The colorful menu & interior were fabulous (though we opted to sit outside that summer day) as was the cool, casual vibe.  Our server was super-personable & he very patiently translated the poutine menu to us.  After considering the numerous savory-sounding options, my husband & I ultimately chose to split the "Mexican" variation which in addition to the customary fries, gravy & cheese curds, also included cheddar cheese, red/yellow peppers, onions & "hot" peppers (more medium, which was perfect for me).  Holy moly, decadent & delicious... each component of this dish was mighty scrumptious.  As a poutine-virgin, I must say I thought the cheese would be more like cottage cheese but it was reminiscent of fresh mozzarella to me - tasty stuff across the board -  we had to indulge in poutine at least once in our lives!  We left STUFFED & satisfied.... thankfully a looong walk to & through Parc Lafontaine followed!  To drink, hubby enjoyed one of their many fresh fruit juices & I think I had a cherry soda.  They had other non-poutine things that looked tasty - I believe breakfast offerings, sandwiches, etc.  But we came for one reason & left happy that we chose the right place to get it!
5	Ma-Am-M Buldoc is the place where makeshift meets gourmet. The menu is huge, and looking through the funky thing takes forever to order. The staff was ultra-friendly and helpful, the host was seemingly up for the challenge of English speakers. That was charming. I loved the crepes and the gravy on the poutine was my favorite of the 3 I've had in Montreal. I believe that Montrealers overdo their hamburgers, but the bun, and toppings were great on it. So was the salad. I'd love to come here again and again. It be great to even tell people you come here again and again. While not "too cool for school", they are definitely at a cloud level of coolness. This was our first meal in Montreal -- our introduction couldn't have been better.
2	After hearing some rave reviews of this place, my spouse and I decided to try it out .  The location was on a quiet neighborhood right on the corner so it wouldn't be hard to miss.  Decor is funky and retro with bright colors and art drawings on the wall.  The menu was rather large with breakfast, burgers, crepes, etc..but I was a bit disappointed with the limited choices of poutines (only 5) .  I opt for the large regular poutine (7.99).  The service was good and quick it was 4pm and there was only 1-2 tables.  When the poutine came out, it looked good.  Upon tasting it the sauce was not very hot which I had liked it to be and the fries were a bit soft on the outside (I would have preferred it a bit crispier).   The dark fries might be because they have to change the oil (like some reviewers mentioned).  The cheese curd didn't look too fresh as it was pale in color and not the sharp white that you would normally see if they were fresh.  The curd didn't squeak but was rather a bit melted.  Overall, it was m'eh for me my spouse was disappointed however.   It could be an off day for the chef since it was holiday time.  I would give it another try some other day but for now I'll try the other "top poutine" joints that  people were talking about.
3	I really liked my peppercorn poutine. My friends just had regular poutines and were not wowed to the same extent, but maybe they are just less excited by poutine than I am overall.  Average service, nothing special - once we got our food we never saw anyone again until we went inside to get our bills and pay.
2	MA-Am-M Bolduc feels kind of like home?! Flipping through the menu I just not sure what to order, choices too many choices. With a small establishment with 1 cook and a small kitchen, it does makes me wonder how could that be possible.Breakfast/Brunch with eggs, bacon, crepes and french toast ($11.99) is disappointing... a lot of food, a lot of carbs... everything is luke warm. It definitely taste like and look like something I made at home. Should I be excited?My Yelp friend's poutine and burger looks depressing... but at least it is specials for $7.95. BTW, I think he kind of like the maple syrup... when he started dipping my whole wheat toast in that... I guess he must still be hungry after he ate his food.At least the waiter is nice, the coffee is good and the hand made scrapbook menu is cute!
5	This is probably one of our favourite places we went to during our stay in montreal...the waiters were really friendly, the food was awesome!!! How often can you find a place serves foie gras filet mignon "burger" (but it;s more like sandwiches since the beef wasn't grounded up, and is actually filets) with actual pieces of the foie gras instead of pate? The pountine was really good too!! I usually dislike gravy, but man...i found their gravy very tasty! And it didn't feel heavy, relatively speaking! The menu is huge! and they are mostly in french, so it took us a bit of time to go through it...and it did take a long time for our order to come, but the server later explained that it was because they sold the last piece of foie gras while telling us that they had one more piece left. So they had to prepare a piece fresh...Def worth checking it out!
5	Loved the giant funky hand drawn menu-we came for the poutine and it did not disappoint! Staff was friendly and laid back and the prices were super reasonable as well. Yay for cheese and gravy!
1	Wow, we decided to check this place out on our last day in Montreal because of great poutine reviews from Yelp and a Montreal blogger, and had such a horrible experience.Only one member of the staff seemed to be trying to pay attention to everyone (the restaurant was not even busy at 3 o'clock on a Monday) and made excuses that the kitchen was understaffed. They were horribly disorganized and brought complicated grilled sandwiches and eggs to people who had arrived after us, and continually ignored us.After 40 minutes of only being served a cup of coffee and water, and being repeatedly ignored, we asked about our ONE order of poutine and were told it was coming. 20 minutes later, and having to remind the waiter we were still there, it finally arrived and the burt fries were definitely NOT worth the 1 hour wait. The food was average but the service was horrendous. Don't waste your time or money on this place. Everyone was waiting a very long time for a mediocre meal and the whole restaurant was completely disgruntled and unsatisfied.I have no idea what the blogger was thinking or how anyone has had a good experience at this place. If you want great poutine, check out La Banquise - the servers actually acknowledge your presence and the food is fresh and tasty.tldr version:-1 hour wait-mediocre poutine-burnt fries-clueless staff
1	Had another visit here. Food was okay, but the service was beyond terrible. Waitress took our order, didn't bring us our food, after ages another waiter brought us the food, waitress didn't come back to check on us at all, the order was wrong, no offers for coffee, no cheque, had to track her down to pay, and she argued with us about the order being wrong. Decent place ruined by terrible service.
4	Nice place, nice people, large menu , quantity and quality is there what else!
4	My husband and I, who usually rely heavily on Yelp while traveling, ate at this restaurant for breakfast this morning before consulting Yelp.  After many so-so experiences of restaurants in this area, we decided to eat at this little corner restaurant that we could actually see from the door of the loft we were renting.  As other reviewers have said, it's a funky little 'shabby chic' place - colorful outside with funky sign - that from the outside is unclear if they are just a coffee shop or a restaurant.  I'm happy to say we found a great neighborhood go-to.  The menu is large and looks like a scrapbook.. artsy and fun, definitely not typical, so it gave the place some flair and took us a bit to search in making a decision.  I had their Eggs Benedict (prepared perfectly with just runny egg yokes and smoked ham) and my husband had their Ham & Cheese Crepe... both came with fresh fruit and coffee.  Mine came with cut & seasoned potatoes that were excellent, proof as my husband kept sneaking mine from my plate.  Food was excellent, coffee was strong and good.  Service was nice and fast.  There is indoor (air conditioned which was nice on our very hot morning) and outdoor seating.  Small and cozy (not for big groups, but I'd say groups of 6 or less are fine).  We are planning to go back for lunch and dinner during our stay... and next time will bring our teenagers as I think they will love it.  Prices are reasonable - especially for breakfast as our meal cost under $25 for both of us.
4	Ok, there's things to improve about this restaurant, but I liked it overall. The service is slow (I don't think this counts as fast food), and the food might not please everyone (We ordered blue cheese poutine, which I liked a lot, but none of my friends did).Pretty impressive effort to make all those colorful menu and decor, which I liked as much as the several poutine we had. Funny story: I went there and our table broke in half. There was more laugh than hurt that night.
1	Slow serviceOwner has an attitude...I'm here to eat and have a good time and it wasn't the casr
3	We went here for brunch, and had a pretty good time. The service was not bad, but rather the waitstaff seemed to be overlapping, and weren't sure for a while if we'd been served or not. So maybe it could be more efficient, but they were patient and sweet about our wanting to learn French (and not knowing it yet).The menu is very sweet - hand drawn and colorful, with tons of choices. I got "the hangover" breakfast plate, and it was delicious, with (gasp!) a good portion of meat!We also had the burger florentine, which came with a small side salad and fries. My only complaint (but it is a big one) is that the lettuce on the burger seemed unwashed, and had LOTS of rotten spots on it. Boo. The crowds are a bit thick, but it's workable, and the residential location does give off a unique, friendly vibe.
5	Yup, one of the best b-fast in Mtl. Love the place. Amazing friendly service. Reasonable prices. Of course I shall be back, this time for their burgers and poutine.
5	Outstanding poutine and burgers here, and the place has many breakfast and lunch options (eggs, omelettes, crepes, French toast, bagels, salads, desserts). The vibe is funky. The staff is friendly. The clientele is hip. I'll definitely go back.
5	I loved their fresh OJ. They top it off with a bit of regular OJ and it gives it the best flavor. My bf and I had the regular poutine and it wasn't anything out of the ordinary but it was still pretty tasty.
3	I have to echo what many others here have already said: the service ... the wait times. I'm a fairly patient person, and I was starting to get exasperated. It isn't even the staff themselves, they are pleasant and constantly rushing about, I think they need MORE staff, at least during peak times.So now that the negative part is out of the way, on to the good stuff! The food is great! Comfort food at its best, I'm looking forward to future meals so I can try out more of the menu. Their fries are awesome! Greasy, sort of mushy, on the thinner side. Perfect in my books. I had a hamburger steak, and it was crispy almost burnt at the edges, and well done all over, and topped with my choice of mushrooms (alternatives were peppers or onions). The decor is also great: cosy and full of things to look at. It isn't a huge space, and yet they manage to pack a lot of tables in there. I can see myself eating at the bar during a solo dinner, just as much as I can see myself with a group.
4	The poutines were very delicious at this location. Super savoury and scrumptious. Tired four types of poutines but the Italienne was the best in my opinion.  The blue cheese one was somewhat strong but still great. The service however is subpar but the food makes up for it.  Highly recommended.  The parking is difficult so be prepared to look around.
3	Fries were delicious, burgers were quite good, however service was very slow even though the restaurant wasn't full. It took over 25 minutes for our two burgers to arrive. The space has a really nice, warm ambiance but the wait staff were distant (perhaps shy?). I assume the two of them were students on their summer jobs (as opposed to experienced servers) so no surprise that once served neither one checked on us or offered dessert, coffee, the bill.Might try brunch as we really want to like the place - it's right around the corner!
3	Went for brunch and it was absolute chaos. The waiters seemed lost and their shit was totally frantic. Waited for maybe 20 minutes before getting a table, then another 15 before anyone came to serve us. After finally getting our food, it was devoured with gusto, but more due to extreme hunger pangs than an appreciation for the cuisine. Probably a decent place if it's not super busy, but definitely not worth a long wait.
