5	One of the few places left in America that does broasted chicken, let alone does it this well. I have to travel about 400 miles to hit up Frisch's (f/k/a Carrick Poultry) but it's worth it. Been loving this chicken for about 30 years and it's still as great as it's always been. Can't speak for any of their other food aside from chicken and broasted potatoes, but that's all you need.
5	I love Frisch's. Every time I'm hungry in the area and not looking to spend over $20 I come here. The boy and I are the youngest people there by at lest 25 years, but that's okay. Their food is wonderful and they always have 4 daily specials that are well worth trying. I know they are known for their chicken, but all of their food is pretty decent. I typically get something turkey related (I'm a sucker for a good bird) but their grilled cheese sammie is wonderful! I feel like a little kid again every time I order it.
3	Food is great when your looking for variety and quick service.  Tonight however as we sit here and freeze in the dinning room everything's fine but the heat.   Asked about turning on the heat was told only the managers could adjust heat.   Then the couple next to us asked another server.  Nothing was done.  Great food but don't eat in tasks it home.
5	Delicious fried foods. This is a great place when you need to eat meatless too. They have a great fish sandwich not to mention their fried food platter. Evey thing is amazing and the selection is wide. A great local spot with simple and delicious food. Maybe this isn't high class dining, but it is my kind of place.
5	The leg snack is the perfect little meal. Chicken is perfect and not greasy, and cheap to boot.
5	Frisch's where have you been all my life? (Apparently right there going strong. Little did I know.) IAs the rest of the reviews noted, the chicken is fantastic. But, chicken aside, Frisch's is a great place for soups, salads, sandwiches, pizza and more. I LOVE the idea of Frisch's. You first walk in through a deli. Need any meats and cheese for the rest of the week's lunch? Grab them on your way out. Sliced fresh. In the back of the deli is a cafeteria style line up. Reminds me of the best part of those long high school days . . . Lunch. You go to the end, grab a tray, hit up the salad bar if you like, some fresh pizza by the slice, a piece of cake already portioned, order whatever food you like at the register when you pay and they will bring it out to you. Oh, and did I forget to mention DRAFT beer? Four different drafts (Miller Lite, Sam Adams seasonal, Yuengling) each is $1.75 a draft in a frosted mug. Yes, you heard me. $1.75! And to boot, they offer daily specials ( such as Isaly's chip, chop ham) which include a fountain drink or draft beer. Then you sit down in the (surprisingly) cute dinning room with cozy fireplace and big screen t.v. where they bring you the rest of your order.Although I have only lived in the area for 2 weeks, I have already been to Frisch's 3 times. My favorite food so far has actually been the soups. They have a several soups o the day and I have yet to be disappointed. Near Caste Village? Stop at Frisch's for lunch. ou wn't be disappointed.
5	I've been eating here since I was a kid, back when it was the Carrick Poultry. Everything still tastes the same in the best way!Everything on the menu is pretty good, but the broasted chicken is life-changing. It is crispy, juicy, and perfectly cooked every time. I have never had better. My only complaint is they charge a quarter for drink refills.I love this place. It doesn't look like much from the inside or out, but it is consistent and delicious and definitely worth giving a try.
1	Terrible!  I came here based off the previous reviews.  I was going to hit up KFC... kicking myself for not...this place is off the 51 in burgh which is by far one of the worst roads and must have a high suicide rate.  Every time I'm on the 51 I want to run myself off the road out of irritation by the constant stop and go and the grind of that road seriously it's awful.  My thoughts initially though was that Frisch's is worth it because it gets 5 stars and the chicken looked great in a previous yelpers photo.  I stopped in around 7:30pm last night and being that it was a Saturday night it was open until 10p.  Anyway, I arrive at Frisch's and notice immediately that the place is not well kept.  I even watched someone cleaning a counter with a dirty rag that was probably used for weeks.  Dirty rags don't clean they need to be washed...seriously, the place is gross.  It just had a feeling of people cutting corners and not giving a F@*k.  I should have left...instead I figured I'd just take the chicken to go.  I noticed some very old chicken and pizza together in a heat box that you typically see in gas stations.  You know, food that's been sitting around forever.  I ordered a chicken dinner, nope, they didn't have any chicken (or so I was told).  They said it would be at least a half hour wait.  Say what!?  I knew this was my chance to escape this hell hole.  I cancelled my order and darted.  Never to return...dirty, carelessness, no chicken at a chicken spot on a Saturday evening, located near one of the worst roads I've ever encountered...good-bye Frisch's.  I made my decision to cut you out and after I type this sentence I won't look back again.  Peace!
5	BROASTED CHICKEN & BROASTED POTATOES! Frisch's is known for their "broasted" Chicken and broasted potatoes. We love it!  We usually get the buckets - all dark meat or all white meat.   They also have deals with sides included.  We have also ordered larger trays of their broasted chicken for family gatherings and it was a hit!We usually pair it with sides of their homemade coleslaw and special bowtie pasta salad - both excellent.   If you never had anything "broasted". ..you must try it.   It is a special way of cooking under high pressure.  It makes the chicken very moist and juicy, but still crispy on the outside.  Same with the Potato wedges. Less greasy than fried.They are also known for their great fried fish sandwiches - huge portions.I have been going to them since I was a kid (they used to be near the old Isaly's in Carrick - Frisch's Carrick Poultry- until they moved to Caste Village).  They have a restaurant, full service deli, six-packs to-go of beer/wine coolers, outdoor seating -if weather permits, and homemade soups (also available frozen in pints and quarts).Everything is made fresh, and it takes time to broast, so call ahead for take-out, at least 30 min for take-out and if you eat there - it's worth the wait.Food is excellent.  We usually only get take-out. If you are passing through the area,  give them a try. You will be hooked on the "broasting"!
5	I have to agree with Darren W., Frisch's Broasted Chicken blows every other fast food chicken place out of the water.I got the #2 which is a 14 piece bucket of the Jack's Famous Broasted Chicken which also comes with a quart cole slaw and 2 orders of broasted potatoes (pretty much roasted potato wedgies) to go. I was told that it would be a 30 minute wait which was fine with us. Who wouldn't want to wait a few minutes for fresh cooked chicken verses chicken that's been sitting for hours?We were given our number and sat down. A few minutes later an older gentlemen walked by us with a killer looking Italian Hoagie. My wife then looked at the board and saw that it was the special of the day and immediately walked up to the counter and ordered one. About ten minutes later her hoagie and sausage and ravioli soap arrived at our table. I went right for her soap to taste it. It was spectacular and I immediately walked up to the counter to order my own! I went with a burger and the same sausage and ravioli soap.Maybe ten minutes later my burger and soap came and our chicken and sides. Once we got home we dived in. I ate my burger, a drumstick and half of my soap and my wife ate half of her hoagie and soap and a drumstick as well. We were stuffed! My burger was so big! The beef patty itself was over an inch thick. The burger was cooked to perfection. One of the best I have ever had! Now to the chicken. It was still piping hot even though it took me about 30 minutes to get home. It was so juicy and perfectly seasoned. Simply delicious and well worth the drive and the wait. The broasted potatoes were equally as good too. Even the cole slaw was really good and I don't even like cole slaw so that should tell you something.Frisch's offer a ton of other things as well including soaps, sandwiches, pizza, wedgies, calzones, wings, desserts and even a salad bar!I WILL BE BACK!
4	While on a recent Lowe's outing, on the hunt for a new refrigerator, we happened upon the good reviews for this informal, very Pittsburgh-y place and decided to give it a try. What we found was a restaurant and store combo that looks like it's been in this spot for a long while, in a good way. We entered into the store part, not knowing that the restaurant is in the back, and were greeted by a friendly and helpful guy who actually introduced himself to us with a handshake...this even before he knew it was our first time in. He directed us to the restaurant once he learned we intended on dining in, and we headed back to find more counter service, a salad bar and a diner like atmosphere. We helped ourselves to the salad bar and ordered some chicken, which they cook up fresh for you. The chicken takes at least 15 minutes, so we'll know to plan on this for our next visit, or perhaps call ahead. The salad bar is nice, with lots of choices and some tasty cole slaw and potato salad. The chicken is the star here, however. Broasting is frying under pressure, and the meat absorbs less oil then in traditional frying. Crispy outside, juicy within, and very delicious. I tried a thigh and some wings, and liked it all. The hot sauce that comes with the wings is divine, and I will ask for this on my next visit even if I don't order the wings, as it goes well with all of the chicken parts. I will also try the broasted potatoes on my next visit, as these seem to have many fans here on Yelp. On our way out we passed tables that had ordered the pizza, so chicken isn't the only draw here. Frisch's is a fun place with friendly service and very good food.
4	Discovered thanks to fellow Yelpers for lunch the other day and they didn't let me down.  This is a really fun place with lots of menu items to choose from.  I opted for the salad bar and 3 pcs of their broasted chicken.  They have an excellent salad bar.  I like their potato salad and cole slaw very much.  The variety of vegetables is very good but they need to label the salad dressings.  The chicken is crispy and nicely seasoned.  It's still fried chicken but supposedly pressure cooking imparts less oil.  This seemed true enough for this bird as it wasn't greasy, just delicious.  The staff is friendly and I love the place.  I'll be back for more.
1	Yes folks, the chicken is good when they have it available but having to wait 30 minutes at 7:30 PM on a Sunday evening is uncalled for. That's what happened to me last evening. So instead I decided to have a fish sandwich($7.99) and beer battered mushrooms($4.99) and whatever you do DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID.ABSULUTELY THE WORST DINNER I'VE EVER HAD. It was INEDIBLE. The fish came on a bun so large that all I could taste was the bread. So I thought if I took the fish out of the bun I could at least taste the fish. WRONG! The fish had NO TASTE whatsover. I left half of it on the plate uneaten it was SO BAD! And I don't know what was inside the beer batter that were supposed to be mushrooms, but again I could taste nothing but the batter. They must chop the mushrooms in pieces because half of them were the size of an M&M peanut. TERRIBLE!!!!!!  When I left I told the staff it was the worst meal I've had in a long time and they told me the fish was their biggest seller. I won't be dining there ever again even for the chicken.
3	Food is good .. take out and delivery needs work.
