5	I personally know Arlene and Elias and they are amazing people to work with! I already know the product is great, but knowing they care about their customer is such a relief in today's customer service-less world.
5	Elias, Arlene and the rest of the Crew at American Vision Windows are outstanding to work with!  We needed to replace a window that was not very efficient.  Elias came out to the house, took measurements and reviewed options with us.  The window came in when scheduled and the install was seamless.  Very professional and friendly installers.  The outside screen was defective, but Elias reordered and a new one was delivered and installed.  I'm very happy with the service and professionalism that Elias and his crew provided!  I will continue to use them as we move forward with window replacements.  What can I say Elias and Arlene are Great People!  I would highly recommend to others.
5	I am a contractor and know all the pitfalls of home improvement. It has been a while since Elias came over and his crews installed windows and doors.  Just as pleased as the first day.  The entire experience was first class and I still get thrilled when I pull up to the house and see the way it looks. My wife gets thrilled when she gets the electric bill. Go with these folks if you are looking to upgrade your windows n doors.
2	OMG. This company left such a mess. Contract read that they remove all their garbage, well...i took out my garbage can to the curb and low and behold their junk was in my can. (took pics). As i was walking back from the curb i noticed glass all over the driveway. I thought OMG. there was so much glass and the bad thing about it, my husband had drove his truck right over all the glass. (hope he doesnt get a flat from the glass). So i started to clean it up and the longer it took me the madder i got, then i started to see screws all over the drive way, that really mad me mad. I quit cleaning and went into the house and went to call them and then i noticed all the glass all over the kitchen table, chairs,capet and then I SEEN IT, GLASS IN MY CATS CAT FOOD DISH...I just about had a heart attack. I pray to god she didnt eat any of it. installer had shattered the patio window and glass went everywhere, he said he would clean it up. Well...i stepped on a piece of glass about 2 hours after he left. Thank god it didnt cut me. I am so mad right now, I am going to give them a chance to make it right and i will be letting you all know what they say and do about this matter. I AM SURE THEY WILL MAKE IT RIGHT. AT LEAST I AM HOPING THEY WILL. WILL KEEP YOU ALL UPDATED.  Well Elias, you wanted me to leave a review and i told you how i am about leaving detailed reviews. PLEASE MAKE ME HAPPY.Well hello everyone again, as you can see i am writing this update the same day as i wrote the previous review. LET ME TELL YOU ONE THING, YOU CANT GET ANY BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM ANY OTHER COMPANY. This company by far has the best customer service i have ever delt with in my 52 years of life. When i talked with Elias and he heard about this matter, he was all over it and I MEAN ALL OVER IT. He sent out his field supervisor Greg and let me tell you,  Greg took care of all the problems I had. Cleaned up all the glass in the driveway and the back patio. Talked with him for a while and he also was very concerned and listen to every bit of my concerns. He also is going to check back in a week or so and make sure everything is running smoothly. WHAT A COMPANY. AND I AM NOT DONE YET. After Greg had left, guess who showed up at my door?   ELIAS.  I was shocked. He stopped over unexpectedly because he was also concerned about this matter.  this company is totally awesome. He also walked around and took a look at some of my concerns and checked out all the windows and doors that were installed. this man is such an asset to this company. He said he would made sure that all of my concerns WOULD BE TAKEN CARE OF AND I BELIEVE HIM. Come on, does any other company do this kind of customer service?.. THAT WOULD BE A BIG NO.just an update on the progress this company is doing. well, im getting a little disappointed again. when i got my windows and patio doors, they were a different color. i brought it to the attention of avw, and they said they had to get hold of the rep for the window makers. well 2 weeks went by and i heard nothing, i called avw and they said they would call the rep again. about 5 minutes later, avw called me back and said they left another message for the rep. and he should be getting hold of me soon. well 4 days later he called me at 8:45pm and said that he would be in my area in about 2 weeks. I told him we justed wanted the patio doors removed and the proper colored ones installed. how hard can that be. they will be doing that anyways because i am not going to keep mismatched windows and doors on my house. he said he would be coming and checking out this situation in about 2 weeks. jeez guys, just come and get them off of my house and install the proper ones. the rep can check them out in your warehouse. jeez, i just solved the problem or didnt i, can you get me the right color or do i have to replace all my windows and doors? if that is the case, here i go having to wait another 5 - 6 weeks for new ones. WHATS UP? COME AND GET THIS OVER WITH. JUST PUT THE NEW ONES IN AND GET OVER WITH
5	Lets just start this review with the bottom line: "This company is phenomenal."OK this is a little bit of a story, so get comfy.My husband and I attended the Yelp Pley Date at the children's museum this year, which might I add ROCKED! When you walked in the door you were given a raffle ticket and off to your left you could get your picture taken and there was a drawing. One for an IPAD 3 and one for a sliding glass door. Now my husband and I are gadget freaks however we have a couple of tablets, and me being the sensible one, (sorry honey), said, "You know what I am going to enter the sliding glass door drawing." So we put one ticket in each fish bowl, and moved on to the delights further in. I honestly gave this no more thought until I received the phone call from American Vision Windows stating I had won, I was utterly ecstatic.Now mind you I have wanted to replace our windows in our home for a while, it was built in 1960 and we have single pane steel casing windows which equal a GIANT electric bill, but the money hasn't been available to do that yet, as other home improvements are currently going on, remember....built in 1960.Elias came out, to measure our Door and he is awesome. He has fantastic customer service skills and was a real pleasure to talk to.Fast forward 4 weeks later and our door is in. Now we were able to order a triple pane, Ply Gem, four paneled sliding glass door that parts in the middle. It looks A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! They gentlemen that came out to install it were professional and had the work done in about 3 1/2 hours. I will be posting Before and After Pictures as soon as I get the chance to sit at my computer at home to do a side by side comparison. This is a class act. I have told all of my coworkers, and family when they need windows this is where to go and when we do have the finances to make that happen, I have Elias on speed dial!!!
5	AVW treated my family and I great! If anyone is thinking of getting new windows, I highly reccommend this company. The sales woman who came out was great. I didnt feel pushed or rushed into anything and she took her time to show me all the different options I had for windows. When I decided to purchase windows from this company I was only planning on replacing some of my windows but with the outcome of the price, I decided to replace all the windows in my home. The windows look beautiful inside and out and I love the wood grain frame.  It matches perfect with my wood flooring. I also notice that there isnt any heat coming inside like what I used to experience before replacing my windows. I can now open my curtains and not worry about it letting heat into my home.  The installers were very friendly and professional. They made sure to clean up anything they had left behind while doing the installation.   I'm looking forward to solar!
1	just an update on my previous reviews. Greg came out and fixed all the things that were done wrong. now i am still waiting for the new blind he promised me that the installers broke. And also waiting for the window rep to call me and discuss why our window vinyl and sliding glass doors vinyl are different colors. Was told by AVW that i would get a call a week ago, so i just got off the phone and was told that they left another voice mail for their window rep to give me a call. This is not turning out to be a very good situation, BUT KEEP IN MIND THIS IS NOT AMERICAN VISION WINDOWS FAULT. I know they will make it right. they really are a great company but its just taking longer to work out the problems when it is NOT THEIR FAULT. AND FOR EVERYONE THAT WANTS TO READ ALL THE REVIEWS, EVEN THE FILTERED ONES, JUST CLICK ON WHERE IT SAYS FILTERED REVIEWS AND YOU WILL HAVE TO ENTER THEIR CODE AND YOU WILL SEE ALL THE REVIEWSWell it is finally over with. American Vision has made it right. they came over and replaced all the windows that they had installed back in july. Would i go back through this company??? NO. But at least they made it right. I just hope that nobody else has the experience that we had with this company. I will be changing my doors within the next few months and i will not be going through this company and i am sure that they are happy about that.
5	American Vision Windows is awesome. We received a triple-pane gas-filled Ply Gem sliding glass door in a drawing. This is a gorgeous fixture and the insulation it provides is worlds beyond the single-pane aluminum frame door I had before. (which had been broken in an attempted burglary, so even better that we got it replaced!)Elias came to our house to measure and didn't pressure us at all. He gave us some quotes for other windows in the house that came in way below what Home Depot was quoting (and they were offering higher quality windows on top of that) and we will probably end up ordering them in the future.The two gentlemen that came to install the unit were professional and polite, and the work they did was very good. They took away the old door and now my living room is much, MUCH cooler during the day. I can leave the curtains open now without worrying about the entire house going up three degrees. I couldn't be happier and I would recommend Elias and American Vision to anybody.
2	Still waiting for my new blind that was promised to me because the installer broke the one that was on the window. call the office and they said they knew nothing about this and they would check it out for me and then get back to me. well that never did happen. STILL WAITING FOR THAT PHONE CALL AND IT HAS BEEN  3 WEEKS and i am not calling them again about this. i am tired of calling them all the time. i know they must be busy but please finish what you started.
1	I dont understand what is with this company. 1 minute i am told a rep from alpine windows wants to check out the color difference in the patio doors and the windows. the rep call me a 8:45 pm and said he would be coming over to see the color difference in about 2 weeks. well never heard from him again. then avw called and said they had the right color patio doors in and would like to install them, i said great. made the appointment for aug. 18, at 7am. well it is now 7:56 and no installers. I am so pissed off at this company. what makes them think my time is not valuable. I am so over and done with this company. AND I WILL NOT CHANGE MY 1 STAR RATING THIS TIME.
1	Finally got a call and my new patio door is in. first ones were the wrong color. have been waiting for the rep from Alpine windows to come over because he called me at 8:45pm and said he wanted to look at the color difference himselF. Well he never did call back or come over and look at the doors. The next time i heard from anyone was 3 weeks later and avw said that my new doors were in and would install them on the 18th of August at 7am. I said great. well they never showed up to install them until 8:03am and they were the wrong doors AGAIN. And they never even brought the broken blinds that the other installers broke. They stated that nobody even told them about the blinds. Now what am i going to do? I called avw 2 times about this on the 18th and never got a phone call back. WHATS UP WITH THAT??? I know you guys got to be getting sick of this situation but me as the consumer, i am really getting mad. What are you going to do with this situation???I believe the only solution to this problem is pulling these Alpine windows and doors out of my house and putting in different ones that are all the same color. WHAT DO YOU THINK???WILL THIS SOLVE THIS MATTER. Maybe someone should call me about this. I really do believe you guys are doing everything possible but to me, ITS NOT GOOD ENOUGH ANYMORE. PLEASE MAKE THIS RIGHT BECAUSE I KNOW HOLMES ON HOMES WOULD.
5	I cannot begin to describe how amazing my experience with Elias at American Vision Windows was.  First, Elias came out to give us the scoop, took a look at our metal clunker of a sliding door and decided that it would be best to get the PlyGem door that everyone here apparently has too?  (Great quality door, people must FLOCK to it). So we decided on a color scheme (white door, silver handle, beautiful) and that was it.  It was so easy.  There was a discussion about what would fit best in the home and it didn't feel like he was trying to up-sell at all.  Just a guy filled with knowledge and willing to answer your questions to make sure you're ordering the right door.4-weeks later we got the call the door was in... ::GASP::We were so excited as our metal clunker was an eyesore and my parents were coming into town, WITHIN A WEEK.  We had NEVER expected to get the door that quickly so we were ecstatic.   We made an appointment for the following Tuesday.Tuesday comes and the guys knock on the door, I (like a giddy schoolgirl) scream 'COME ON IN!' and they let me know to avoid getting the floor dirty they'd prefer to go through our back gate.  AWESOME THINKING! I was just too giddy to think that far ahead to my mussed up carpets, but in all honesty, for the job they did, I'll take a little dirt on my carpets. They quote me 4 hours, no problem.  I had cleared my schedule so this was no concern, however at the end of July it was disgustingly hot outside.  I had clearly not thought far enough to realize there would be a gaping hole in the side of my house. I turn down the AC and hope for the best.  TWO HOURS LATER, the guy calls me from downstairs (I locked myself upstairs in the AC) and lets me know they'e done.  DONE?  I was just thinking we were halfway there and you're done??? It's like being told on December 15th that Christmas has been moved to tomorrow!  You almost NEVER are told the right time for services anymore, and in all seriousness, they told me 4 hours, I assumed 5-6.  That's just how my mind works.  Thus I was flabbergasted to see that they had finished the door, vacuumed up (how did I not hear that?) and trashed the funky metal remnants in their truck already.  WHAT?! That was astounding. He literally had the paper on the clipboard for me to sign and was there to explain the door to me. The then tells me about the amazing features, the multiple locks, the energy savings, and I cannot hear any of it because all I can think of is how beautiful it is.  I take notes so that I can read them back later when I calm down.  He showed me the ropes and smiled on his way out, seeming genuinely happy for me.  Normally I feel like service people are genuinely happy to have left so they can grab a beer, but this service guy seemed like he was almost jealous that I had gotten such a cool door.  Sweet.Lastly, after a couple of weeks  of looking at the door, I realized that something was off.  BAH!!! I hadn't ordered a door with a second handle and that wont be to code with our pool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Crushing blow to the stomach, I try to keep it together when I have my boyfriend call Elias the next day.  He goes through the BOOK and looks through all of the options that we have, trying to help us out.  He did not have to do this, he could have said, "too-bad, good luck selling the house down the road!" so I appreciated that he cared enough about our freak-out moment to help us out.  After some questioning, he gets it out of us that we were planning on putting in a "permanent" pool fence (we have clumsy Great Danes) thus meaning that we do not have to have the second handle to be up to code, if we have a pool fence.  ::Sigh of relief::  HOORAY!So in all seriousness it was a seamless experience; from ordering the door, to the install, to when Elias had to play anxiety counselor while we had a mini heart attack.  That to me conveys a business that is willing to go above and beyond, and I definitely appreciated them from start to finish.  I'm only worried that this experience will cause me to trust other service providers the same way that Elias has earned our trust.  Need to beef up my serious face before the pool fence guys come! At least I know when we get any doors or windows done, we won't have to prepare for battle ever again.Thanks American Vision!P.S. Parents were SO JEALOUS of the door!!! Nailed it... : )
1	finally, american vision has completed replacing all the windows that they previously had installed back in july. they just could not get it right. but finally the new windows are in and we are happy that it is finally over with. they made it right. would i go back through this company???NO.  but i am sure they are happy about that!!! the installers this time were just perfect and did a fantastic job. this is how it should have been the first time but mishaps happen in businesses. well thanks american vision for making it right. YOU KEPT YOUR WORD.
4	UPDATEA bit after I posted the below review, I did receive a call from the company to discuss. They were very apologetic and understanding. They did take my suggestion of not having the customer fill out the survey right away and have now instituted a mail in process instead. They also offered a Home Depot gift card (or payment to my landscaper) for my trampled plants. She also indicated she knew exactly what I was talking about on the interaction between the installers because that is their way. She did speak to them on keeping a more professional attitude while on the job site. I very much appreciated the follow up. A lot of companies do nothing with complaints even when you send it directly to them. I have already referred someone else to the company. ORIGINAL REVIEWI wanted to add a review to the actual company's website, but I could not figure it out. I'm curious where all the testimonials came from. I have mixed feelings on my experience. In the end, I think I ended up with some beautiful windows, though. My salesperson was very engaging. I felt pretty confident in my decision to go with American Vision Windows after that first experience. There was some miscommunication on scheduling the measurement, but it worked itself out fairly quickly. I started to lose confidence when I was told a specific date that my windows would be in, but never heard anything from the company four days after that date. When I called them to find out where my windows were, I was told they had just received them and they could schedule my install in 2 weeks. Since I only had Saturday install available, that was understandable. The Friday before my install, they called to reschedule to the following weekend because the rainstorm (that just occurred that day) had put them behind two days. Again, I guess that was fairly understandable, but I felt like the peon that was the easiest to push off. Luckily the installers did show up the following Saturday on the earlier side of the provided time frame. I kind of don't know what to say about the install. There were two guys, one seemed to know what he was doing, the other I had less confidence in. The job took 4 hours to install 6 windows. During the entire transaction I was never told how long the install would take, so I'm not sure if that was normal or not. The two guys actually seemed to be fighting during the entire install. I believe the head guy was joking around with the other by basically telling him he sucked. I think the other guy was genuinely getting angrier and angrier. In all honesty, I was very uncomfortable being in my own house while the install was going on. I was a bit disappointed in the cleanup of the job. I ended up having to cleanup inside the window tracks and windowsills on the inside and brush off the sills on the outside. I don't feel I should have had to do that. Before they left, I was handed a survey to review the entire process (salesperson, overall experience, install). I think that is a horrible practice that needs to be changed. I didn't want to sit there writing out a review on all of the above while the installer is waiting for me, and then hand it right back to him. What it did cause me to do is overstate my review because I'm not going to give the installers 2 stars and hand the paper back to the person I just reviewed. I can't say I would recommend this company, but I feel the way customer service has been going, it's really a tossup on what you will get from any company.P.S. I forgot to mention my plants. I have recently spent a lot of my own time and money on landscaping my backyard so this stuck out to me big time. I understand when installing windows it's difficult to pay attention to the foliage below your feet, but I think some attempt to not trample all over the plants would be very much appreciated. For example, when washing the windows, I think an effort can be made not to stand directly on top of a plant and twist your foot back and forth. I'm still hoping I do not loose a couple of plants due to the trauma they endured.
5	This company is fantastic.We had entered a contest raffle at an event (always entering, never winning) and I was very surprised when I received a call telling me that I had won.  I never win anything, especially a brand new sliding glass door.  It was perfect timing as we were just closing on our new home and the sliding glass door already there was a little ragged.  They set a time to come out and measure and that was when we met Elias.Elias was fantastic.  He was very professional and didn't try and pressure us into additional product or services.  He explained that we had won a ply-gem triple pane Euroglide door.  It sounded wonderful.  He went though the options with us so that we could select the colors we wanted and and just like that it was ordered.  Once the door came in we got a call to schedule the install.  I was not home for this part of it but my girlfriend was very impressed with how efficient and professional the install team was.  They went over all the information with her so that she could educate me on it later.  The new door was amazing and the glide system on this thing makes it so easy to open and close (I have experienced some heavy and awkward sliding doors in my time).  We had no issues and the team did not leave any trace that they had been there.A few weeks later we realized that there was not a secondary handle on the door like the previous one had.  So I called up Elias and we found out that the secondary latch was required if you have a pool per city code.  So Elias and Alicia (who takes care of scheduling and ordering) did everything they could to get a team out to try and install the latch.  We found out from the team that this door was not able to have a secondary latch installed but that if we have a permanent pool fence it is not needed.  This was a relief because we were planning on installing one as we have large dogs and want to make sure they don't fall in.  Crisis averted.  It was good to know that they really cared and tried to help find a solution.At some point within the next couple of months I noticed that part of the screen on the door had broken.  It was on the back of the door and didn't impair the function but looked like it had simply been a manufacturer weakness in the part.  I let American Vision know that they immediately ordered the part for us so that it could be replaced.  Once the part came in, the tech came out and took care of it for us.  He was also very professional and efficient.  Everything is working great and the door still looks amazing.I would definitely recommend this company.  They have been nothing but genuine and provided excellent customer service.  We will definitely return to them if we need additional replacements with the house.
5	Great windows, excellent experience from free estimate to window installation completed recently, March 2013.  Arlene and Elias are great to discuss the best windows that fit our needs and budget, with no pressure at all!  We got the Anlin windows for our whole house including a huge picture window with two sliders.  The windows look great and were installed quickly and professionally by Francisco and Juan...great guys!  I am very picky and researched many window companies here in the Mesa, AZ area.  This company IS the best!  We are VERY happy.  Recommend.
5	GREAT SERVICE & PRODUCT!!!I bought Windows from this company more than a year ago and I've noticed a huge difference in my electricity bill. Couldn't believe it! I would highly recommend this company.Installation went smooth and the installers were courteous. I love my windows!!!
5	My experience with this company was excellent - I would absolutely recommend them to family/friends.  To be honest, I was dreading the process of purchasing windows for my new home, and my initial consultations with valley companies didn't help.  Windows are expensive, salespeople use superfluous language about window technology to confuse you into thinking their products are superior, and everyone put a lot of pressure on you to sign up in order to not miss their "big special" pricing window.  Fortunately I stumbled across this Yelp page prior to going with another company.My main point of contact during the purchase was Alicia.  She is professional, knowledgeable, and - most importantly - patient.  Understanding the magnitude of this purchase, she took a significant amount of time (often well after business hours) to talk me through the various window options and provided layman explanation for all the terminology.  Best part - the price was fantastic!  Windows arrived on schedule, and the installers were efficient, clean, and professional.  I had to leave for work about 1/2 way through the install, and had a call from Alicia that one of the bay windows had been scratched during the process.  Before I even got home, they had taken the skew, ordered a new window, and provided me a rough estimate of when they'd be out to replace the pane.  Honestly, I wouldn't have even noticed the scratch, but Alicia wanted to make certain everything was 100% taken care of.  All in all it was refreshing to find a company that cared so much about customer service and took the time to provide clarity on the various options.  You'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't consider this company for your home window purchases.
5	I just had my windows installed with these guys and they were very good. The whole experience was very pleasant. The guys came out, installed the windows, and they even cleaned up their mess. One glass installed was not exactly what I ordered, but the General Manager called me back and told me they would replace it at no cost. That was a hug plus. I thought I would have to pay for another few hundred dollars for that. Overall I am very happy. Thanks American Vision Windows
4	We purchased a 4' x 6' window and a 12' x 8' dual sliding door system from the Phoenix group of AVW. Both of these jobs required a subcontractor to come in and build a bulkhead to support the openings. The first bulkhead and window install went OK. The siding that was removed was not matched well and is clearly visible but its an old house and I do not expect perfection. The large 12' wide by 8' high opening was another story. This was a major job and the contractor did a fine job except the wall was not closed up or sealed properly. Scheduling was contacting us constantly before delivery but did not hear a peep after the order was placed. We had to call each time work was scheduled to get an update. The subcontractors did not know what they were responsible for until they showed up. I had to call AVW a couple times to get them to advise the subcontractors of their responsibility. The door was delivered without a plan to actually get it to the install location. I helped the large crew lift the door over a wall in order to take possession of it. The installer did not know how the door was to be installed and there was no documentation provided. A call was needed to get an installer on site to go over the installation requirements. AVW did not actually have anything to do with the actual install. Both of the screens were damaged and needed to be replaced. There was no follow up inspection to ensure all was completed correctly. We had only paid half of the $6K bill so we decided to wait to see how long it would take to hear from AVW. It took several weeks before we were contacted to pay. We brought up the screens and they were repaired. I had no idea that the wall was still essentially open along the seams of the siding. We had our first rain and water poured into the wall, filled the space above the door frame and drained through the door locking hole into my home. Water was also bubbling the paint along the top of the door. I took a video of the whole thing to show AVW of they care to see it. There is no contact form on this vendors website for support only sales. This says a lot about the amount of followup with they have with their customers and what their main drive is. I have sent in a request for contact using their sales method and will follow up with a call Monday. It is possible to make a mistake and recover so i will update this after I find out how well they recover from their mistake.*****UPDATE 07220213AVW responded quickly to my post. They sent out the sub contractor that installed the door originally. He saw the issue with the siding that caused the issue. During the initial installation the structure had to be supported by nailing through the siding. When  these supports were removed nail holes were left and the original fasteners had come loose leaving a crack along the seams of 3 pieces of siding. The complexity of the project made it possible for the final caulking to be missed. The siding has been sealed and re-nailed so that no water can get into the wall. The subcontractor has redeemed 3 of the stars for AVW. If the Phoenix branch would have followed up with me following the job this issue would have been avoided and 5 stars given. As it stands the 5th star cannot be awarded because the customer has to be more involved in the process than they should for a turnkey solution. Thank you for the rapid response and recovery. Recovery is as important if not more important to me than the mistake as we all make them.
5	We had 5 custom doors installed on 12/23/13 ... 3 Titan security doors and 2 custom insulated entry doors.  Tommy, Tony, and the installation crew did an excellent job installing all 5 doors.  Now we feel much more secure, and boy are the Titan doors beautiful.  On top of that we got an excellent deal!  The doors came with an excellent warranty, and we couldn't be Merrier - today is Christmas!  This is our second job done by American Vision Windows(had Anlin Windows installed in our entire home), and our home just keeps looking and feeling better.  Great people, products, installers, owners ... highly recommend!
2	Called for a quote/estimate. While the woman on the phone was very polite, I was told that the project manager would call me back within the hour to schedule the appointment.Never received a phone call.I appreciate that they will come out for free to provide a quote, but not that they say they're going to call you, and don't.UPDATE: Received a call - a week later. While I appreciated the return call, I no longer required their services. Had I still needed window replacements, I would probably have gone with someone else at that point.
5	So I had a very unique situation and a very specific timeline. American Vision Windows was able to accommodate both. And not only were they able to accommodate my very specific needs they blew my expectations out of the water. I called for an estimate and Bob came out to assist me. He was professional yet took a personal interest in me and my situation. It was clear he wasn't going after a sale but wanted to understand my needs and help. He asked good questions, gave good suggestions, and while providing me with various options did not pressure me toward any specific one. In short, he didn't try to push and up-sell me. I HIGHLY recommend American Vision Windows. It is clear they are built around taking GREAT care of their customers. I received a verification call to let me know when they were coming out and I received a follow up call to make sure everything was excellent. It was! The technician who took care of the install was also very kind and did a great job keeping everything clean. He was friendly toward me and my kids who wanted to watch :)  Everything the representatives of American Vision Windows said they would do they did with excellence and in the time frame they said. Give them a chance to earn your business. I'm confident you will be thrilled you did.
1	In my 30 + years of experience in contracting, home renovations and dealing with sub-contractors I have never dealt with a company that makes more mistakes than AVW.American Vision Windows has a sales pitch that states very clearly that the owners of the company had a bad experience with their window purchase so they decided to open AVW so that others would not have a similar experience. I suspect the owners and I could compare notes.From the beginning of our two projects with them they have consistently had inept contractors, sales people and suppliers on our jobs. We started our 2nd project in November of 2013 and they have still not completed this project. We have lost significant time, money and aggravation over this project. (the first project was less of a problem but was only a 7 window basic replacement job... the AVW employee who initially showed up to install the windows we bought was bad mouthing AVW, not a good sign) On our second project they have mis-measured openings and then forced the window into that opening...only to have to tear out the stucco and replace it. MIs-measured openings and then tried to blame that mis-measurement on me... They installed a window that was 2" off leaving a large gap, then re-measured the opening with their "expert window measure man" (who never showed up in the beginning of the project to measure the windows properly)...and delivered a second window that was still 1/2 off...and expected me to accept it...which I did... even though the reveal on one side of the window is 1/2" more than the other and it is noticeable. They have repeatedly delivered and installed damaged windows. They have delivered and installed doors that were incorrectly ordered by them...and then sent out incorrect replacements 3 times...damaged the door frames when replacing them. They did not offer to replace the damaged door frame, instead they used pliers to bend it back in place and a sharpie to cover up all the scratches.They have brought out FIVE replacement pieces of glass on one very large window....never bothering to inspect the product before they deliver and installed defective glass each and every time.Out of 14 windows they have had to replace 8 of them once, two of them twice, One of them 5 times and counting....They were contracted to paint the stucco that they replaced...they never painted anything. We got water damage in a bay window due to the contractor not properly sealing the job before he went home for the night. It rained and our wall and insulation got soaked, the baseboards buckled and interior paint bubbled. (they did repair this damage but neglected to re-paint the damaged material)I could go on for another full page.... but I suspect you get the picture.I have taken time off work to meet them at my home time after time....and I have been patient and not complained .....until now. (after more than 10 months)To make matters worse, last week after they installed yet another faulty window, I contacted them to discuss the final bill and the fact that they have cost me significant unpaid time off work and the manager would not discuss the bill with me unless I signed something waiving the warranty.I have sent several emails to the corporate office and have not received one reply,I have read many positive reviews and in fact one the reason we hired AVW was due to the positive reviews on Yelp. I do not share that positive experience and unfortunately would advise you to stay away from this company.Updated  - Monica, from the California office contacted me and expressed regret for the problems we have experienced with AVW and their suppliers. Monica wrote off the balance of our bill (a small percentage of the total bill) to compensate us for the paint, time off work and the headaches, which was a nice offer but still did not amount to the time and frustration. I like Monica and appreciate that she stepped up and made a concession, and I do believe she cares, but that does not change my my experience with AVW and my rating for the company is still negative. The job is still not complete but Monica promised that the supplier has made extra effort to get the last window replacement right...and it will be inspected before it is delivered.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G staff they have there... From Elias and Arlene that give you the first impression of the company to Alicia that carefully processes your project internally, to all field personal that treat your home as if it were their own and touch it with much TLC! Definitely a company to refer to friends and family that not only stands behind their product or installation but most importantly what catches us all- customer service!  Great job American Vision in revolutionizing the window industry!
4	Recently bought a house and had AVW install all the windows in our house. The old windows we got with the house were horrible and really needed replacing. We live about a block away from major road and the freeway. Got the Arizona package and was concerned that the windows would not block out the noise. The Arizona package was supposed to reduce energy bills. It's been three months since we've had our new windows. The outside noise levels has been reduced considerably but I've not noticed any reduced energy bills and we've been using the air conditioner as we had before the windows were installed, and that was only for one month, so I don't really have a comparison there. I have noticed more humidity in the house.
5	American Vision Windows - Kitchen & Bath Remodeling in  Ailey, GA  is great to work with. The best thing about them was their excellent communication. Getting in touch with them, even during off hours is easy. They worked on my bathroom and made it better than I imagined. Definitely 5 stars!
