1	Thumbs down on this place.  I went here two years ago, right after I had moved to Charlotte, for the dual purpose of getting contacts for the first time and having my eyes examined.My doctor immediately gave me the hard sell on lasix eye surgery (even though I had never expressed any interest in it) and then proceeded to fit me for incredibly painful contacts that I couldn't even wear.  A year later, I went to a different practice where the doctor spent a great deal of time fitting me for contacts that I can actually stand wearing, so I actually have a point of comparison to show how bad Horizon was. To add insult to injury, I also had Horizon put lenses in a very nice pair of eyeglasses for me. While I'm not the gentlest person in the world on my glasses, the lenses from Horizon are so scratched now that I can't even see out of them, while the lenses on my other two pairs of glasses (not filled at Horizon) are perfectly fine.  In sum: bad contact lens fitting, terrible lenses put in my glasses and doctors obviously trying to get rich by pushing services patients don't need.  This place is a racket and should be avoided.
5	Outstanding patient care is given here, everyone is very professional in how they interact with you. Although at times the wait is long I am reminded that this is also for complicated eye diseases, some of the best doctors in Carolina work here, appointments are hard to come by so call way ahead if you can!
1	Getting someone to actually answer the phone is the hardest thing when it comes to this place, second hardest is once they get on the phone to get them to answer a question is like breaking into a bank (not that I know how to do this) I'm just saying.  My sisters have been going here since they were babies and every year it's an issue, I guess it's time for a change. Once you get your prescription it's your right to do with it as you feel.  Well with these people even though it's clearly written on the prescription that you can they are really not that willing to let you do so.  They first of all don't write everything down on the prescription that you need to go get glasses, I called this morning to get information, they gave me the run around put on hold for hours it seemed. The lady clearly had no idea what was going on, but I soon realized it wasn't her fault they actually have no type of communication between the staff. Finally I got the great opportunity to talk to one of the finest members on staff.  She was one of the rudest people, loud not wanting to give information as if she was guarding a vault some where. It was a horrible experience I hate that place.  Beware go somewhere else. They don't know what customer service is, it's a million people on staff and no one knows nothing or they like keeping secrets about your eyes....lol
1	I was going to Horizon Eyecare for a couple of years until 2 years ago when I had to have a treatment done.  I knew insurance would not cover the procedure, so I contacted their billing department so they could tell me how much it would cost me so I could decide if I would go in or not.  I called and spoke to Taryn several times and she insisted it would only cost me $225.  Based on the price she gave me I went in to get the procedure done.  Later I received a bill for $438.  When I called to question the difference, she told me she forgot to include a part of the procedure to the total.  I asked for this to be adjusted since it was their fault quoting me incorrectly.  After 1 year I was told that insurance gave them the wrong information.  Well, I told Taryn from the beginning insurance would not cover the procedure.  Now, after 2 years without a warning letter, I get a call from a collection agency.  I called Horizon Eye Care to try to work the situation out since it was their error, and they refuse to work with me at all.  I think this is wrong.  I was willing to pay what I was quoted, but I don't think it's right I need to pay for their mistakes.Recommendation, make sure you get things in writing from them.  Can't trust what they say.
