1	This place is a dump. I'm a widow, and I have a long-term chronic condition, still, they allowed their tenant to pick on me, throw a bottle at me, then their maintenance person told me the lock was never changed, They did not paint, but lied and said they did. It's totally drug-infested, They don't keep their word.  I would skip it.
1	The staff bait and switched me on the apartment they showed vs. the one that was available for move-in. Was told the mgr would contact me, then lied about it pretending they didn't know what I was talking about when I brought it up. Was involved in too much else so dropped the issue, but am paying the refurnished price or a non-refurbished unit. In addition, though their online work ticket submission form allows a "do not enter" option they ignore it and will walk in on you. Lots of kids here but are pretty well behaved. A few adults like to have skanky screaming matches in the wee hours.
4	This is a nice place to live. If your into tennis there is a tennis court here along with pools,spa, workout room, business center, luandry rooms and more. New paint job on the buildings and over all clean.
4	I wanted to update this review because I have notices a change in the way the apts are ran lately. I am  very impressed with management lately in wanting to help solve issues and I feel they are doing a good job at running the place.
5	I am getting ready to move out of Autumn Creek Apartments this week. the only reason I am moving is because I finally bought a house. I never once had an issue with Autumn Creek. The staff was always super friendly and helpful. My neighbors were always nice and quiet. I had one issue with a tennant above me that was very loud once and the staff took care of the situation right away and there was never an issue again. It is an older building but it was perfect for me. Zero complaints about this place. If i ever needed to rent again, i would come back here. :) -Dayna
1	I lived there for almost 2 years and it was horrible. Cockroaches everywhere that you can not get rid of, shady people, vandalism and drug deals.
1	Total ghetto. I personally was robbed or locked property stolen 3 times, my 9 year old threatened at knife point and almost shot with bb guns. Looks like its becoming a tweaker paradise there, I had to get out for safety of my family. Think I called 911 or police at least 10 times living there.
