3	The vastness of route 51 seems never ending when all you want is a beer! You've been stuck in traffic for the last hour and all you see is gas stations and a Donino's pizza. In comes Bobby's!For a $2 16oz draft Yeungling, you fulfilled my needs! The bartender was SUPER friendly and you could tell that she definetely knew everyone's name there. One downfall, smokings allowed. But a $2 Yuengling can make you forgive a lot...and perhaps forget a lot too;)
3	Met some friends here before checking out California Taco Shop (CTS).  We had a drink and given that this seemed to be our only option in that general area (at least fairly close to CTS) to get a drink then I think 3 stars is sufficient.You can smoke here so that's a huge negative but the place is unpretentious and really casual - I'm talking dive bar casual.The bartender was super friendly and the drinks were super cheap.  $4 wine people!  I'm not sure that I'll be back to Bobby's since it's not an area I frequent, however it definitely served it's purpose - a casual hang out spot for some girlfriends to grab a drink and chit chat before CTS.
3	I would like to give Bobby's 4 stars but a few hiccups brings our experience to a 3. First off the food was excellent. We went for fish as proclaimed to be the best in the area by one award or another. A small home town place with a long bar and booths on the opposite wall. The decor was old, tattered and torn. Although we were seated as soon as we came in our server was delayed in getting our drink order and bringing menus. This was not really her fault as she was the only server for both the bar and the tables, the place was full.I had the fish sandwich & Bev had the fish on a plate. Bev was also excited to order Haluski as a side. The fish was excellent in both orders. Delicious batter and cooked properly. My fries were cold but other than that the meal was great and price appropriately.Warning this a smoking permitted establishment so if that bothers you be forewarned. It usually does not bother us but on this occasion a patron came up to talk to the bartender / server with a smoke in his hand and paused by our table to converse with her for several minutes. So the food gets 5 stars and the service atmosphere get 2 stars. We will be going back.
