3	Typical McDonald's.  I like this location because it is an easy to get just off the strip location.  It is perfect for a quick inexpensive breakfast.  Drive-thru is on pair with most "quick drive-thru's".  Interior is Harley-Davidson themed for those that like to look at things while they wait for food.
2	Sad to say, I have seen worse.  It's convenient and relatively fast. Just not clean as it could be.The staff here are almost as depressed as the homeless people you find hanging around it
3	Came here on a short re-feul from gambling all night/morning - breakfast never tasted so good (that I can remember).Bottomline: it seemed pretty clean in here. It's a McDonald's.
3	An "A-OK" McDonalds... if you're leaving the Strip and need to stop by McDonalds for some breakfast (or quick lunch/dinner), this is a decent place to stop by. The seating is a bit strange as they've replaced the normal tables and benches with what looks to be an attempt for a more modern look... but it makes the seating a bit uncomfortable. The food tastes like standard McDonald's food and the staff were generally nice.
1	If I could give no stars that would describe this store. Manager was very rude order was not correct and tried to say that's what we ordered. I asked for my money back and to cancel the order and was told no refund. I did get my refund and promised I would never be back
1	McDonalds has not the best reputation but this has been the worst fast food experience of my lifetime.Besides waiting 20 minutes for a Big Mac, I witnessed a customer treatening to hit a member of staff. I am not sure what happened as I only arrived when the customer said he would "hit him later" and then left.Then staff members began shouting at each other about using each other's cashier machines. It was so obvious that the staff were untrained and completely unprofessional. The manager seemed to have lost control and was berating staff in front of other customers.
1	The worst McD's EVER!  Took 20 min for 2 coffees, & they couldn't get it right.  Everything about it was bad, slow, irritating.
2	Rude staff and cold fries! I would have given one star but the inside looks nice. Modern and clean. My friend was told she could get iced coffee with her meal with no extra charge then was charged $1 extra.
1	Very slow taking the order and giving me the order when it was done. It was the middle of the night and a few people there.
1	Where do I start... Oh yeah. The people watching at this place is wonderful. The abundance of tweekers and crackheads is amazing. With that aside, it's a Mcdonalds! That's all I have to say about the food. The service was not good at all , the staff seemed overwhelmed with a small lunch rush. My order was missing a hamburger ( the main part of one of the meals I ordered), an apple juice (part of a kids meal) and cup for one of the drinks. They did fix it quickly. Oh there was an employee in the dinning area making the floor super sticky ( I think she was mopping with a mop bucket that had cleaned up a spilled soda, just a guess) so that was nice. So I would definitely would not recommend you try this particular McDonald's.  In and out it's just across the street.
2	Food is good but staff/service is HORRENDOUS. Every single time I go there they mess up my order, in my opinion they need to hire all new staff. And when I complained, I got attitude from the manager. Worst McDonald's.
