5	I mostly use Walgreens to fill my prescriptions, but occasionally pick up odds and ends here as well.  Pharmacy is great.  All the staff are very curious and helpful.  If you need your prescription right away, they can usually oblige, and have them ready in about 20 to 30 minutes or so. The Pharmacists are very knowledgeable and make sure you understand your medications before you leave.
5	Review only for the Pharmacy.Always friendly and fast service at the Pharmacy.  Scary that they know us by name!!!  Have been going to this Walgreens for the last 5 years.  Hardly any problems, if there is one they take care of it immediately.
1	Very busy, some of the employees are rude and my hubby needed some asthma pills which they have a card you have to give the pharmacy and they lady was well not very smart.....
1	Pharmacy staff is incompetant and rude. My 10 month old needed a script badly and I had spoken to this pharmacy at 9:30am...after dealing with rude and disorganized staff most of the day they finally said my script would be ready at 5:30. Sure enough after dragging my sick baby over there it wasn't ready. They told me to come back at 7:00 which I did and it still wasn't ready...he saw me coming and rushed to the back to get it ready . I would go to any other pharmacy given the choice and WILL NOT go back to this location again.
5	The cashiers are typically busy but always willing to say "welcome" and "thanks for coming in" with a genuine smile. I typically only come here for the RedBox and pharmacy in which we have always had good service.
5	This is a 24 hour WalgreensNot much to say good service clean store friendly staff and knowledgeable
1	Worst Walgreens I've ever been to. I would never recommend getting your prescriptions filled here. The pharmacists don't communicate, nor do they care to do their job. Whatever happened to the 1 hour promise time? Yeah, try waiting 2 hours and having your prescription still not ready! It wasn't even all there! I can't believe the customer service by these incompetent employees. I'd fire them all and hire people off the streets who actually read a book and don't waste thousands of dollars on an education they don't care to utilize! Do your job, and stop pacing back and forth waiting for someone to tell you to do it!
1	Pharmacist was extremely rude. When i asked her a yes or no question her answer was "right right right right right ok have a good day." And she hanged up. No any other questions or concerns. Last time i do business here. And yes it was the pharmacist not a tech.
1	The clerk told me I couldn't bring my service dog in, even after I informed her she was a service dog. Another customer said to me, "How do I know she's a service dog? Can't I just bring my dog in? It seems like a good trick."Offended, I tried to remain calm, and replied, "There must be a prescribed medical need for a service companion, and it must perform a service."I asked for the manager, and explained the situation, and she replied, "Usually service dogs wear vests."I let her know that ADA laws do not require the animal to wear any discernible markings, and employees are allowed to ask two questions: 1) IS THAT A SERVICE DOG?2) WHAT SERVICES DOES IT PERFORM?Ironically I was here to pick up a prescription for my service pet. The pharmacist recognized me, and was very kind. The pharmacy staff are the only reason why I'm giving a two stars. If it was just a pharmacy experience, I'd give 5 stars. I was going to make several purchases here tonight, but my dog and I are always welcomed without question at CVS, so my business is going there. I've been filling my prescriptions here for 5 years. I'll miss Stacie. My dog's purpose is to lessen my anxiety, and being treated as I was, only upset me. It was at the very least a disappointing experience. I surely can't be the only person with a disability coming to a PHARMACY.
