5	Everyone here is friendly and makes a great drink- love my lattes!!!
5	This is one of my favorite Starbucks locations. They are super friendly, get your drink order right the first time, and they're fast!
3	I like this location, but one thing they need to keep the music low inside so you can hear yourself talk with a group of individuals or phone calls.Very friendly staff.
5	This is the cheers of coffee shops . Where everybody know youre name .Very Nice ,and clean . Very organized .
5	I practically live at this Starbucks :)The service is great, the staff is friendly, and I never have to wait long for a drink!
1	I love Starbucks....but have far too consistently had a poor experience with the staff at this location on hunt highway. Too many of the girls that work there have, more often than not, put off a rude and unfriendly vibe. They have acted snotty and irritated instead of friendly, helpful, and welcoming. I HATE the feeling i get when I go there, as far as their customer service goes.  I keep hoping the "girl" of the day is just having a bad day...but when I go back it's the same poor uncomfortable experience.  Part of the experience of going to Starbucks, is the HAPPY helpful understanding kind employees. This location needs an overhaul because I think they all ate a bag of "meany pants".  Get a clue people. Be nice!!!!
3	Still this Starbuck does not understand that their music is VERY LOUD it should not be as loud that you cannot to hear your conversation with someone.AGAIN IT'S LOUD
5	Everything here was great coffee was perfect so was the food and service was quick and pleasant
4	Love Starbucks. Obviously. Dakota is super sweet and I love when she serves me. My only irk about this location is they don't carry their fat free cream cheese! :(
1	Slow slow slow!!! I have never had to wait as long as I do here. After giving them several chances I have just given up and refuse to go to this location.
1	I went to Starbucks today to work on my homework and grab a coffee. However, I told the lady what I wanted and she told me that it was over 5 dollars. I always get a ice coffee with soy milk and white mocha. I let the lady know I would not pay that because its never over 4 dollars for that drink especially a grande. I've been buying this same drink for over a year now. She was so RUDE and kept telling me that was the price. She wouldn't help me figure out what the problem was. She just kept giving me a rude look and saying that was the price. I ended up telling her I wanted a refund. after I sat down, she preceded to talk badly about me behind the counter. I went back up to talk to another lady which I asked what the price was and she rang me up RIGHT. Apparently the lady who rung me up the first time didn't listen to what I wanted. This could have been prevented if she helped me by figuring out what was wrong. She was rude and unprofessional.
5	Super Starbucks!! Clean, friendly... Coffee and service are great. The music is a perfect volume!! The workers are super nice especially the supervisor KIMBERLY :)
1	This location has gone downhill. The staff make bad drinks and when you ask them to fix them, they get upset. I skip coffee now unless I can make it to another location. They used to have friendly staff with amazing drinks. Now they employ people who don't like their jobs.Update. Brad at this location is one of the rude employees. Came in today 5/14 and he seemed very irritated and short with me because I asked for a whip cream sample.
1	I have actually stopped coming here.  The staff is very rude and act like you are bothering them by getting coffee.  If you can make the drive go to another Starbucks.  The staff here is just rude and clearly hate their jobs.
2	Just got home with my drink. It felt lighter than usual, so I opened the cup and my drink was only filled up halfway. Seriously? You charge all that money for a drink and can't fill it up?
5	Now that I come in almost every morning I feel more relaxed and like this is "my starbucks". I miss the Chandler one I went to before moving here to San Tan Valley. But this starbucks is improving with each visit. Staff is friendly. They make my drink correct. Always have a smile and overall just great people. It's clean. You have to go inside if you want quick service. The drive thru is always very packed. But I don't care, I have feet to walk in. I notice San Tan Valley is pretty packed anyway, with lots of homes and not as many starbucks, restaurants, etc as Chandler did. So I can see why it's packed at all the good spots in San Tan Valley.
