1	Unless this place has changed recently I can not see anyone giving it five stars. I try this place every couple of years thinking that it will get better. The food looks fine and there is plenty of it. The problem is that I get sick almost every time I eat it. Nothing serious, just an upset stomach or the like. I have heard others mention the same reaction. I keep hoping that they will fix what ever it is, because it is cheap and plentiful.
1	The absolutely WORST place I have ever been inside and forced myself to eat at. I will never go inside this filthy, dilapadated building whose letters don't  light up again. We were very limited on time and daughter wanted a buffet real bad, so we went. I walked around the tables in absolute horror, struggling to find just one item that didn't look completely sickening. I watched a worker remove a stew like concoction that looked like it had been sitting out for 5 hours plus... it  was dried out and clumpy. I thought GREAT, getting somethign fresh... but no...he replaced it with a basin of beefy broth and floating carrots;  then proceeded to scoop the dried out stew clumps into the new hot broth and reconstitue it. SO GROSS.I chose three chicken chunk items. all cold, all grisley all nasty. There was a huge sign warning people not to take more than they will eat, to please not waste the food. Did they ever consider maybe people took a small portion of things to try and just couldn't eat any of it, it was so foul? Who calls three colors of Jello sitting on ice a dessert buffet?DONE. And Never Ever again. Let this be your warning.
2	Ok, so is this place one star or five?  ...Guess I'll try to help.  I dropped in on a Saturday afternoon, & there were a few other diners on hand.  It's nice inside, & had a good selection of food out, about 40 items.  On the down side, there were (unwanted!) TVs blabbing out some sports show.  Otherwise, the atmosphere would have been comfortable.  The friendly (& cute!) little server brought my drink.The egg foo young was good, but the hot & sour soup wasn't, & the fried chicken, onion rings, something tempura, & fried rice were all too greasy for my taste.We have other choices.
3	I've been to this place a couple of times, and I've never had an experience nearly as bad as the other reviewers.  I've found the food to be fresher than I've had at other buffets.  The hostess is always very friendly, and the price is right.  It's a little rundown, but always clean.  If I were comparing this to a regular restaurant it'd get one star, but let's be realistic.  I'm comparing to the other chinese buffets I've tried, and for that it gets 3 stars.  Not great, but pretty middle of the road as buffets go.
2	I have such a soft spot for Chinese Buffets.  I love that I can get lots of weird little things for one small price.  Really though, if I am being perfectly honest, I'm just going to gorge myself on Chinese Donuts (fried pieces of dough rolled in sugar).This place is not the cleanest of establishments, and it has a really weird open feeling going on.  It really needs a little love.  Strip off the peeling wallpaper and put up a couple coats of fresh paint and no one will know the difference!  At least I wasn't afraid to eat here.The food was not bad, but it just wasn't interesting.  A lot of the chicken dishes were overcooked and some of the stuff was so heavily battered that not all of it got cooked through so you had a bit of a mushy mess.  The standout was definitely the fried rice.  It was really really good fried rice.  I also liked the beef and broccoli, but that's about it.There's not really much else to say, but for about 6 bucks, I'm not really going to complain.
1	Oh god what a disaster.  The only thing that redeems this place was the cheap prices.  I've been to plenty of Chinese Buffets in my life and I drive by this one every day.  We finally had to go in and let me say - the quality of the decor matches the quality of food.  The wallpaper is peeling, the floors look unwashed, and the tables are like something out of your work's lunch room.  The waitress isn't bad, the cook seems to refresh the food often, and some of the dishes aren't disgusting.Most are though.  Too bad.
4	New owners, I used to come here for lunch a few years back but have heard the place has lost it's touch.  Now under new staff and the buffet is gone and the food is definitely worth a return, Yay I am a fan, although there are some better places around town.  Staff definitely swayed me into the 4 star territory.
2	This restaurant is no longer a Buffet.
4	Cheap, good, and they give a great amount of shrimp!
