4	I love Padron Anniversary Series cigars. The problem is, they are REALLY expensive. Recently I read about some "Padron Alternatives" online. These are cigars that are made to feel, look and taste as close to the real things as possible. Deciding to order some online I suddenly realized as I was entering the payment information that these were going to be shipping from here in the Valley. Not only that, one of their locations was right down the street from my office.So yesterday, instead of going to lunch, I headed down to Cigar Warehouse to try a couple of these fake Padrons. Now the cigars themselves were not Padrons by any means. But they were pretty good for the price, good enough that I bought a bundle. But that's not the point of this review. The store was not huge, but a decent size. The whole place is essentially one big walk-in humidor. Their selection is not as good as someplace like Tinder Box in Ahwatukee, but decent nonetheless. They have a lot of big brands, as well as their own "alternatives" to some of the more expensive premiums which I mentioned above.They also have a little smoking lounge with over-stuffed leather couches. That was nice. It was good to be able to have some water, enjoy my purchase, and not have to pay a large annual membership for the privilege. But what I really enjoyed about the place was the conversation. The guy working there was pleasant to talk to, and some of the customers also joined in the conversation. One thing, maybe the only thing, I miss about living in Indiana is having a lot of people I can just talk to--conversation that goes beyond sports or cars or the weather. This place was a taste of that. I'll be back often.
5	I used to go to Churchhill's all the time for my smokes, but this place is closer and upon first glance, cheaper.  My inaugural experience was with my stogie-smokin' buddy Dave R.  We went right after the gym (natch) to get our supplies for that evening's drink fest.  Dave's been getting us our Ghurka Grand Reserve (amazing smoke) here for a while but I'd never been to the shop before.  They had a great selection of stogies and I picked up a new kind of Ghurka (for me anyway), a Ghurka Evil Torpedo.  Damn, it was good!The proprietor was helpful and very friendly. I loathe connoisseur snobs of any kind and I feel like I often get that sideways, supercilious glance when entering cigar shops or wine stores -- not here.  100% helpful.  I did confound the poor guy as he was ringing us up when I was explaining to him that Dave was the Mayor of the shop on Foursquare.  Oh wells...Gonna hit this joint again today for some Labor Day refills. Happy Smokin'!
4	I am not quite as much of a cigar smoker as I used to be. The years have started to catch up with me. But when I get the hankering this is where I go.They know their cigars and offer "alternatives" to the well-known brands. They're close enough for most purposes. If you are truly an aficionado, they have the real thing too, all stored in a perfectly cool and moist environment.I don't know how much lung capacity I sacrificed while this place was liquidating the last of the Pierre Cardin Maxim's they bought out from some swank place in Paris. They were a deal at about $20 a bundle, and I was quite addicted. They even shipped them to me when I lived for a time in Colorado. Always very nice on the phone. They even have stayed open a bit late for me when I have called ahead.
5	I wanted to get my husband a nice cigar for his birthday. These guys were super excited to help, asked me questions about what he likes to smoke, and helped me pick out 2 quality cigars for the amount of money I'd told them (instead of just 1 expensive cigar). The building doesn't look great from the outside, but don't let that bother you.This review is from someone who knows nothing about cigars, so take that as you will. But I felt completely comfortable here, and the customer service was great. Looks like they have a really big selection. They also have a smoking lounge.
5	Just left a little while ago. I believe the guy helping me name was steve. But totally awesome dude!! This place is great and has alternatives to brand cigars. Picked up a pardon and montecristo alt.... $ 3.00 &$ 2.75 a stick. Not too shabby! will find out from the hubby how they smoke.   :) will return again for sure!
5	Stopped in here on a Friday afternoon. Greg hooked me up with a nice stick, there's a huge selection. Definitely stopping in again.
