5	This is an Impressively Beautiful Architectural Structure!  The interior is as cool and modern as the exterior.Four-story facility has Three large Galleries -  a small theater for music, film and theatrical productions - a center for teaching classes and Art demonstrations -  a Grand Lobby and Rooftop Pavilion & Terrace you can book for: Weddings, Receptions, Meetings or other Gatherings!  Very Cool!Saturday during the Wells Fargo event was my first visit to this Museum.
5	I was here this past weekend and visited exhibit: America I Am the African American Imprint. The exhibit was very educational, interesting and inspiring. The tour began all the way from the beginning to the present. A very eye opening tour to see what so many went through back then. At the end of the tour, we went down the the gift shop. I wanted to buy just about everything in the store, but the items were a little pricey. The Harvey B. Gantt building located in uptown Charlotte and is very modern and sleek They hold different events there at different times. While we were there, a wedding was taking place on the floor above us.
5	Took advantage of the free admission at this simply beautiful arts & culture center and hate I'm just getting to visit.  The 'America I Am' exhibit was simply amazing from start to finish and my son was so intrigued with everything he learned.  It reminded me of some parts of the civil rights museum in Memphis but on a smaller scale.  I'll definitely continue to support the Gantt Center.
4	I went to the "I AM" exhibit here and is was AWESOME. The staff seemed a bit unorganized, but we did go on a Sunday at opening. There is an option to pay additional to have a handset that talks you through the tour. I would pass on this next time. This option may be good if you are not a fast reader. I parked on the street, but there is a parking lot that you can enter from College Drive for the museum. Definately one of my favorite visits to a museum - will definately return to see other exhibits!
4	Nice Museum! I recently stopped by to the view the American I am Exhibit. Pretty cool, I would recommend it for ages 10 and up, moderate amount of reading but not a lot of things for younger kids that you can touch and feel. Over all good experience I believe it was $10 for adults and $8 for students. Went on a Saturday and there were a few groups of kids/teenagers maybe go during the week when it's not as busy if you're not a fan of kids! Looking forward to other exhibits in the future.
5	History on display! Love it!
4	I'm am so proud to have a institution that preserves my culture. The Kinsey exhibit is phenomenal . I suggest everyone go, and be inspired. I know more now than when I walked in there. My favorite exhibit was Slavery and Reconstruction. Take in every document. This will help start the conversation America needs to have.
4	Ok, what is it with Charlotte and REALLY nice museums? as if the Queen City could not get more surprising with its cultural offering, I visited this museum, and boy is it nice!
4	Amazing art at an amazing venue. View the art view the view. A must go if visiting Charlotte.The architecture is amazing the view from the location is amazing the grounds are wonderful. The permanent exhibits are great and there is always a rotational exhibit.
3	I love the concept of this place, but at $9 for an adult admission I'm disappointed in the number of items and selection that were on collection in the galleries. However, if you want to support the preservation of black art this is a great place to spend an hour in.
