1	Well, for the person who wrote the review before me, I guess you haven't met the owner yet. Wait till you meet her.If it were the only place to shop for Asian foods, I would rather go hungry. Lucky for me, there are other Asian grocery stores which have better selections and way better customer service.
5	Coming here is cheap entertainment.  The store is big and stocks tons of foods from all over the world.  They even have some green tea/mango/red bean ice cream.  The back section is mostly frozen fish/animals (various fish, anchovies, snails, whole chickens, octopus, squid, CUTTLEFISH?).  They even have a big pile of Durian, along with several kinds of Durian-flavored wafers with their own typed disclaimer that says something along the lines of, "Yes, the wafers are supposed to smell like that."I make the trip mostly for the selection of Mexican food and sweets.  They have many kinds of Mexican candy, along with canned goods you can't find in regular grocery stores.  Everything is cheap, cheap, cheap and never expired.Every time I've gone the cashiers have been kind, or at least civil.  They get you in and out and on your way quickly.  Seems they have even started taking credit or debit cards now.Go check it out, buy some foreign candy, and gawk at the durian and cuttlefish.  It's really worth the trip.
1	Good large selection of items.  Very nice, helpful folks.  However, the cheeky mouse that kept running out while we were checking out will insure that we only eat pre-packaged items.
5	are you from cali? well, I know how it feelsThis is by far the best asian grocery store in madison. The store is clean and well organized (compared to asian midway). Wide selections of asian food. I just bought vita lemon tea, pocky, calbee shrimp chips, fish balls, udon, rice noodles, bok choy, pot stickers, egg rolls, and siu mai etc..(they have a korean, japanese, mexican, and indian sections) - I usually eat less prepacked stuff but whatever..I gotta satisfy my asian cravings. It's close to the South Transfer point so it's convenient if you don't have a car. The cashiers were very pleasant.
5	Bring cash! An adventure in shopping! Prices are fantastic. Feed yourself! The store has a fresh food section (fresh herbs, latin and asian fruits and veggies), several frozen sections (ice cream cooler, dumpling cooler, seafood cooler, and more). There are large sections of dry goods for the following styles of food: latin, thai, middle eastern, chinese, japanese, korean, etc. Incredible selection of dried herbs for international cooking. Fresh Mexican baked goods. Huge bags of rice are cheap, even the premium rice. Also a great place for oriental candies, tea, incense, and kitchen tools. Sometimes there is a separate cashier for Spanish speakers. This store is clean, well organized, and well stocked.
4	Awesome place! Everything I could want in an Asian/Island/Mexican market. (well almost, I've been spoiled by the west coast) The selection clearly shows that its for immigrants who have brand preference, which is always desirable: this isn't a place exclusively for the "ethnic food night" adventure. This is a lifestyle. I always go shopping here when I'm in town because it's got the stuff I "need":Cheap produce, bitter melon, bamboo, assorted radishes, weird fruitMexican pan dulce!indian spices!laundry detergent that smells like a foreign land.Super reasonable prices, great selection.I'd recommend coming here and learning a few recipes from looking at the huge selection. For instance: learn how people in the islands eat by looking at all the stuff they make and trying it out!Make sure to get a drink while you shop, they're delicious.
5	Ohhh, I'm SO excited to finally get to review a grocery store.The first few times I went, an old Asian woman--the owner--followed me around. I won't lie to you guys--I was kind of terrified. Now that I'm there every couple of weeks, I've earned her trust. Hopefully.Yue-Wah is similar to Asian Midway up on West Washington, but it's 5x the size and has way, way more variety. Their Indian aisle is spectacular--a pound of curry for $3?! I mean--DAMN! What a bargain. 16oz of tahini (amazing for hummus and falafe) only runs $4-5. Fenugreek, coriander, anise, asafoetida--it's all readily available and wonderfully inexpensive. The variety of Asian foods and spices is simply amazing.If there's one place to go for spices in Madison, this is it. If there's one place to go for ethnic foods like curry pastes, coconut milk, Asian vegetables (they have a great--and cheap! produce section, too)...this is it. They even have red bean and mango ice cream!Don't be put off by the location or the way it looks inside--this place is simply awesome. When I make curries (Thai or Indian) or any sort of Chinese food, this is my first stop for ingredients. You must go there. Now.
2	I have been to many a asian mart in my day but this place is really the epitome of the stereotype of an asian mart. There are no windows in the bulk of the store and the windows in the front are all covered up......I have no idea why.................still wondering why.........Moving on, I can see the appeal of this store as they do carry 13208923874820983534 brands of oriental specialty items like all of the candies, snacks, dried food, teas, etc. This place is packed from ceiling to the ground and the aisles were just afterthoughts! The produce section was borderline scary and I would never buy produce from there. With the amount of people that were in there when I was there I would think that they would have enough money to expand....or at least brighten the place up a bit!!! There wasn't too many things in the produce section that I wouldn't be able to find in another grocery store, although I'm pretty sure they would never be as cheap at another place!Disappointed that they didn't carry any oriental dishes/cups/teapots/platters/etc.I wouldn't come back unless I was in DIRE need of something that I couldn't find anywhere else...the way that the store is kept is really a reflection of the owners interest in it....and this place is seriously depressing.
5	Yue Wah is the best grocery store in Madison. It is well stocked and the prices are excellent. The owners deserve a medal. They have weathered a challenging community, meeting the needs of a cultural melting pot. The City owns the mall and let it decay into the ground. They left Yue Wah waiting to know their fate as they remodeled all the other parts of the mall. I was so concerned that Yue Wah would pick up and leave. They gutted it out and hopefully will be in a new place soon.I love shopping for produce on Tuesdays when a new shipment comes in. Those that have made disparaging comments should really take a look at our changing city and try to develop some cultural awareness. This store represents the current Madison, a rich and diverse community. As a foodie, I love the opportunities Yue Wah provides.  Shop there. it is a gem!
5	Great selection and wide variety with good prices make this my new favorite Asian/international market in Madison! Store and items were clean and fresh. Variety of ethnicities-- I went home with Jamaican, Mexican, Indian, Arab, Thai, and Chinese foods/products in my bags! Near downtown and very close to the beltline make it easy to access, even if you're coming from out of town. Seems like the strip mall and library which share a parking lot with Yue-Wah has all been recently updated. Looks nice.
5	My fave Asian grocery store in Madison.   Products are an unbelievably diverse array, ranging from Indian spices and curry pastes to Jamaican sauces, to woks and mortar-and-pestles. The produce is great: I always stock up on lemon grass, Thai chiles, and lime leaves.  I also appreciate the Mom n' Pop-piness of this store.  You've got grandma arranging bundles of Thai basil, and the owner, wife, and/or daughter working the register or stocking.  They've recently redone the space, and it's very modern-hip looking.  I'm still getting used to the new layout, but it makes more sense than the old one.  You can help these guys out by paying in cash so they don't get stuck with fees for credit cards (for which there's a $10 minimum).
5	Don't be fooled by the Chinese name, Yue-Wah is the answer to nearly all of your near east, far east, central and south american cooking needs and more. If you require special ingredients not typically found at your regular grocery store, Yue Wah offers fair prices and a wide selection. Actually, if you use any spices at all, this could be your spot.A sampling of their dry goods includes: sesame candy, bulk rice, rose water, horchata mix, Turkish Delight. They sell sumac for your zatar, cinnamon sticks for your chai, dried fungus and dates for your herbal soups. In canned goods they have all the red sauces, pickles for rice porridge, and ingredients for halo-halo. Their produce aisle includes some necessary ingredients for Pho, like culantro and bean sprouts. I can count on one hand the number of places I've seen culantro in the Midwest. There is a frozen food section where you can buy all the ice pops (red bean and coconut, Melona), ready-made food products (samosas, roti), frozen seafood. They also have labneh, Chinese sweet sausages, and thousand-year-old egg. It might be a little overwhelming if you don't know exactly what you're looking for, but the store owners are genial and willing to help. I noticed they didn't have very many Korean specific products and asked if they stocked gochujang. They kindly told me their supplier stopped selling the smaller containers, but they seemed confident they'd have gochujang by next year, and directed me to the Korean grocery store up the street in the meantime.  Most importantly, they sell instant ramen by the case, and stock many flavors other stores only dream about. This concludes the story of how I ended up with a box of 21 ramens.
5	-"Hey honey, I went to the asian market today"-"YUE-WAH?!?!"The only good thing about living in this neighborhood is my proximity to Yue Wah. I love this place. The prices are so low and each aisle is separated into different ethnicities (e.g. hispanic, middle eastern, filipino, thai, indian, korean, etc...). I've found that this system either makes it really difficult or really easy to find what you're looking for. For instance, if I need kimchi, I know exactly where to find it. But if I need tamarind paste or fish sauce, I have no idea where to look because these things could come from one of many asian cuisines.Yue Wah has a pretty decent produce section too. Sometimes they run out of things, and some produce items seem a bit old. The garlic almost always has green sprouts growing out of it, so I try to avoid those types of items. But I love coming here for bok choy, plantains, and thai basil. I also love their selection of drinks. If I'm ever craving something cold, they have bottles of jarritos and a cans of guava juice for like $0.69! Compare that to the $1.79 high fructose corn syrup coca-cola you buy at the gas station. I have yet to explore Yue Wah's frozen food selection, but it seems like they have a wide variety of fishes to choose from, as well as easy stuff like frozen samosas.... yum!My least favorite thing about Yue Wah is the mean old lady that "greets" you with a grim stare as you come in. She is NEVER friendly and I'm not even sure she speaks english... not that there's anything wrong with that, but at least smile. Her husband (at least I think he's her husband) is much more friendly and will show you where anything is and answer any questions.In response to one of the reviews below, they DO carry oriental dishes/cups/teapots/platters/etc. Even little soaps and chopsticks ^_^ALSO BEWARE, they have a $10 credit card minimum so come with cash if your purchase is small.
5	I've been going to Yue-Wah for 15 years or more.  The prices are so low.  I used to have a little contest with myself to see if, without keeping track of costs, I could ever spend as much as $20 there.  I would pile my basket with the always fresh and ripe avocados, poblano peppers, chips, salsa, fresh tortillas, maybe some Japanese rice crackers, Mexican cheese, limes, etc.  Nope, never got to $20.Their new location, next door to the old, has the same basic layout.  There are aisles for each country of food type.  There are Thai, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, Indian, and Mexican sections.  All are identified with signs.My wife teaches science and the kids do labs dissecting squid, octopus and cuttlefish.  We can get them all at Yue-Wah uncleaned, meaning the ink sacs and cartilage are still intact.  They have plenty of other exotic frozen fish as well.The lady who runs the place is a total sweetheart, so don't be put off about any reports that state otherwise.  She always goes out of her way to help me.Yue-wah is a gem and a culinary anchor for South Madison.
4	Clean, no odd mesh of smells, well organized by culture - Jamaican, Filipino, Thai, Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Indian and probably more. Just wish they had more Korean food and fresh/frozen meat or fish.
5	I have been going to Yue-Wah for over two decades, and it is my go-to spot for all ethnic foods. The owners might seem less-than-friendly at first, but gain their trust, and they quickly prove themselves to be very helpful and kind. I am so glad they revamped the store, letting in a little more natural light and making the aisles a little wider and less cluttered. They must carry thousands of products; the wide selection of fish in particular is one of the most appealing aspects to me. They cater to all sorts of cuisines: Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indian, Mexican, etc. The prices are insanely low, too. I bought saffron here for a quarter of the price that I have seen it at other stores, and I rarely spend more than $25, even with an overflowing basket.I absolutely love Yue-Wah and I hope they remain in business for several more decades to come.
4	Weird great stuff at great prices. Wish I knew more what to do with it..
