5	Fabulous!Aussies, glitter, bawdy puns, disco music and drag queens. Nothing gets better or more Vegas-y than that. The show is still working out a few of the kinks, but it's still a blast. The music is a blast from the past of all the best disco and dance hits from the 70s and 80s. The show is a fun romp across the bush. It stays true to the movie, which I've loved forever and the the performances, costumes and setting were great. I honestly can't remember the last time I've seen a show that made me wish it didn't end.It's a very positive and upbeat show with a great sense of humor. Even my fella was laughing hysterically at some of those jokes.Quote of the night, "A cock in a frock on the rock." Doesn't get much better than that.If you get a chance, go. You won't regret it.
5	Cheesy. Ridiculous!OUTRAGEOUS! I had no idea what this show was about before I sat down (don't be late - you don't want to miss the first number like I did) but the story was easy to follow. The music is so fun and familiar - "It's Raining Men," "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun," "I Will Survive" - you get the idea. The sassy dialogue has a lot of double entendres with witty zing; the guys in the cast are like the gay best friends every girl wishes she had to tell her that those shoes make her elbows look crooked, or that her lousy ex-boyfriend looked like he was terrible in bed anyway. The somber notes of the musical briefly touched base on some heated topics of social debate, so for those of you who have a serious problem with shirtless men prancing around stage singing about joyful topics like survival, independence, and love, I would suggest instead writing an angry letter to your Republican congressman about the indecency and travesty of this production. The nerve!On tour now until August 18th! Catch it while you can :)
4	Entertaining and upbeat.
5	We absolutely loved this show! The performers are all pros, in our opinion, who pour their hearts into their roles and really put on a SHOW. Of course, it's over the top! Of course, it's raunchy, but it was tastefully raunchy, if that makes sense. I really felt for the lead character, played by the wonderful Wade McCollum, the troubled father who's been hiding his true self from his only son. He really conveyed those feelings of angst and fear. His traveling companions were also wonderful in their roles, especially the young upstart, Bryan Willis, who gave such a fun, kicky performance that I found myself smiling whenever he was on stage. His banter with Bernadette, played by Scott Willis, is priceless and they pull off their respective roles with great panache. I had tears in my eyes a couple of times and found myself really rooting for these characters to find what they were looking for. The Priscilla bus was a marvel of set decoration and I give the crew  kudos for pulling off such great sets on such a small stage. A great, grand, funny, sad, sassy show, highly recommended. I laughed, cried, and enjoyed myself thoroughly! All the actors really belted out their songs, the dancing was just plain fun, and the costumes were amazing and absurd - the costume designer has a fabulous imagination and the quick changes were amazing. Brava, ladies, brava!
5	Priscilla is a funny, brassy, high energy musical filled with a lot of great songs, bright costumes, and a super cast!The basic outline--a group of female impersonators travels from Sydney, Australia to Alice Springs in the center of the country.  Along the way, they have various incidents--some funny, some not funny at all!  The story is not deep.  It's just what it needs to be the move the show along.  The thing here is the music and the costumes.This is a national tour show of Priscilla which was to be at the Venetian until the middle of September, but sadly, ticket sales have not been good and the show is ending July 22nd.  It's sad that a city the size of Las Vegas, the home of Frank Marino and the city where female impersonator Kenny Kerr brought this kind of entertainment to this city, is not supporting this show. So, if you want to see it, you'll have to go quickly.The show is just about 2 hours in length, and it's goes by quickly.  You'll be amazed when you look at your watch after the show.  The cast is excellent and the staging is very well done.  And of course, the costumes are over the top.  You'll smile and laugh almost the entire show!Of the songs other reviewers have listed, none mentioned my favorite--MacArthur Park.  It's also one of the funniest dance routines in the entire show.  Locals, there's a 2 for 1 discount for the remainder of the shows.  Go see it!
