4	Although it is listed as a buffet restaurant here, Golden Palace has really bad Chinese buffet. The dishes are really oily and the meat is very dry. However, it has really good authentic Chinese dishes and lunch boxes, if you order from the menu. You get a lot of food for the money you pay, and some of them are cooked in a healthy and light way.I'd recommend the soy sauce chicken and roasted duck. They have bigger portion for takeout or appetizer and smaller portion for lunch boxes. They usually put broccoli in the lunch box, but you can ask them to change it to something else if they have.
2	The price is fine, pretty mediocre though as far as cheap chinese buffets go. The eggrolls were undercooked.
2	Listen, if you're going for the buffet you have to expect that its not going to be gourmet or always fresh out the wok. The foods not always as hot as it probably should be, its going to be a bit dry, and the hot & sour soup is on the salty side (for me to admit that says something) oh and there's no cream cheese wontons?!? The buffets saving grace is the sesame tofu. I like the fact that its completely self serve - no waiting for refills!If you're in a rush or trying to kill a hangover its not so bad otherwise there are other establishments you may want to check out.
4	Really great option for cantonese food in Oakland. I've never ordered from the buffet (it doesn't look too good), but they make an a-ok congee (no donuts, unfortunately), reasonably good roast duck & pork, and the fish maw soup is also very nice.It's near my work and I like coming here for a late lunch when it's not crowded. The interior is kind of beat (drop-ceiling, battered furniture, etc), but I really like the laid-back atmosphere. This is my favorite place for a secret 90-minute leisurely lunch on a weekday with friends and sharing a few dishes. Just arrive after 1pm!
5	Definitely the "go-to" option for cheap, fast, decent Chinese food when you're hungry.  Very friendly owner who remembers you after just a few visits.  Food isn't always the freshest as it's typical buffet heating style, but go near typical lunch or dinner times when the turnover is the fastest so the food has to be fresh.My girlfriend loves the General Tso's chicken and swears it's the best in Pittsburgh.
3	I went during hour before closing, so your mileage may vary. Cashier comped me a 10% discount (I think students get this discount anytime) bringing the buffet to $7 which includes drinks. Everyone there except one table were Asian students. The buffet itself was a selection of the most common Chinese dishes like Hunan/Kung Pao chicken, green beans, hot and sour soup, wonton soup. The food was all OK, nothing to distinguished.Looking at the reviews I probably should have ordered off the menu, but I was hungry and its hard to beat the service time of a buffet.
4	Tasty Cantonese food if you know how to order. And, they have Hong Kong style Barbecued Pork, Roast Duck and so on. Awesome!!! Another choice for our students is buffet. I guess most ppl will go for that.
3	Really greasy but if that's what you're looking for it tastes quite good!!
3	The owner cracks me up lol I managed to call the fax number and not phone number a couple of times when tryng to place an order, now he always jokes with me when I come in. I have been going there since I was in highschool and all in all it's solid food nothing exciting but you get what you paid for. This resturant has a lot of sentimental value for me. In this resturant  my boyfriend first said he loved me. So Golden Palace Buffet will always have a special place in my heart.  The food is okay I especially like their combination lo-mien I have never had any of their speciality menu selections.I enjoy their hot and sour soup and orange chicken is tasty hunan shrimp and beef and brocoli. For Chinese food downtown it's pretty okay
2	Quick food. Good service...My boyfriend will lecture me about leaving tips, I WORK IN THE RESTAURANT INDUSTRY. I know ALL about leaving good tips, 20% every time. Maybe even a little extra depending on the service. 15% if you truly sucked. (To Blunt?) That's my philopshy, you get what you work for. Long story short, he leaves amazing tips, and ranted and raved about this place, leading us to this review. He always says leave an amazing tip, they will remember you every time, and you'll get amazing service every time. Well don't ya know? This old Asian women lights up when he comes in. He hasn't been there in over a year. We order our food, he ordered the dumplings, and general tso's. I ordered the roasted duck and the egg rolls. Now I wish I would of gotten what he had, their dumplings, yes were a little greasy as were the egg rolls, but what do you expect? It's a chinese buffet. His general tso's on the other hand amazing as were the dumplings, which reminded me more of pot stickers but any-hoo. My roasted duck, was a little bit of a disappointment. I don't mind a few bones, but there was bone after bone, it was very hard to eat. Talk about rustic chinese food. I'd go back but I wouldn't order the duck, dry and no sauce.
3	Went there for lunch.A place worthy a $6.7(7 for credit cards) buffet with a drink. Chickens(orange, hot, General Tso's) are generally good. As others comments have mentioned, more greasy and oily than expected. Do not get too much meat and try to have veges to "neutralize." Rice noodle is a great choice if you have too much meat like me. Anyway, you cannot criticize a $7 buffet that is as good as this one.
2	The buffet here is incredibly lacking. While the price is quite tempting, there's something about sitting in a poorly decorated and horribly lit room full of stale food that rubs me the wrong way. The service is nice and friendly and will make more food upon request. You do get free access to the soda dispenser and tea which is a plus. However when it comes to the food...There are hardly any vegetarian options so if you're a veggie lover expect to dine on soggy fruit and 2 or 3 vegetarian dishes.
4	My review is based on price I paid today. Today (Friday) I wanted to eat out without any worries of looking at the menu. So I reached this place at 8:30pm I guess they close at 9:00pm. Food are not of much varieties and taste okay. The restaurent was pretty empty. The lady smiled and greeted me. No serving water, My plates were.not picked not a great service but It does not much.bother me. As long as people smile and talk and charge me only 8dollar and something for a dinner after tax.
4	This place is either a buffet or a regular Chinese restaurant.  I tried the buffet and the food was good, but the selection was very limited. I think they maybe had 15 choices.  But the price was so reasonable that I needed to leave this review for anyone who is in downtown Pittsburg looking for a cheap meal. My friend and I walked out of there spitting the bill at $10 each including tip.
2	The food here is fairly low quality, but the prices reflect what you get. General Tso's with lots of breading, chewy pork and beef, overcooked vegetables, and everything is swimming in very sugary sauce.That being said, I think Golden Palace is great comfort food on the days where I don't feel particularly great about myself and I want to see how much Americanized-Chinese food I can fit in my body for $8.
2	Food choices are very limited. Waiters/waitresses don't really make too much of an effort to take away dirty dishes. This is just a very mediocre place to go eat Chinese. There are other places that are better. Save your money.
4	A lot better than the reviews make it seem! Came here for the lunch buffet and was very satisfied! The food was fresh and delicious! Gen tso's chicken, mix veg rice noodles, fried rice, white rice, watermelon, beef and green pepper, chicken and broccoli, chicken wonton soup, egg drop soup, mix veg & tofu stir fry, and sugar coated Chinese donuts were some of the many choices they had. The decor was very oriental but not to much pizzaz. Sit by the window upstairs an you get a good view of the city streets. The staff was all incredibly nice! And of course you can't beat an all you can eat buffet for about $7! Will be visiting this restaurant again!
5	Love, Love, Love this Buffet! The food is always fresh!  The staff is constant changing out the hots on the buffet.  They have a good selection of items and the buffet line is kept very clean.  The price is unbeatable too! the lunch buffet is only $7 for all you can eat.  Take out is available as well.  Looks can be deceiving.  The Golden Palace is divey.  It is a little hole in the wall in Oakland.  Parking is a pain but the food is well worth it!
5	A historical review.  When we lived in Pgh this was the best Chinese food we ever had. It still is. This place is the only establishment that knows how to make General Tso's Tofu and make it right. This is the only place that I have ever seen it on the menu. The Tso's like Potatoes are also great! Love their hot and sour soup and their green beans. How they get them so perfect is beyond me.  I miss this place. I wish we had a Chinese buffet as good as this down the road from our new home. Miss it. Yum!
4	an excellent no-frills Chinese buffet with a sister location, downtown (not as good as the Oakland location.)$7.42 + tax for lunch , 7 days a week, last I knew .  (most buffets upcharge for weekend meals...)Go on Friday or Saturday when they put the fried chicken out - some of the best fried chicken i've ever had ... they only do it on the weekends, however ...You will see doctors, nurses, Lifeflight pilots, professors, college kids and every other ilk of humanity chowing away on a given day for lunch ... and a LOT of Chinese/Asian people that seem to have given it their stamp of approval - always a good sign ...One of my favorite / go-to chow spots in town even if I have to deal with the ugly Oakland traffic / parking situation ...
4	This place is my jam! I love going to lunch here! The food is always fresh and the tables are always clean. I really enjoy the lunch buffet. I would suggest everyone try it!
