5	Evermore Nevermore is a new locally owned retail/consignment shop breaking up the monotony in downtown Mesa.  There's a ton of one-of-a-kind alternative-esque.. well, everything.  Art, clothing, jewelry, accessories, collectibles, comic books, Steampunk goodies, zombie survival gear, mostly crafted by Arizonans.  They host a bunch of fun events like the Steampunk jewelry workshop, life drawing, and Crazy Guy Video Nights, and have free sketches by Oddity Commodity on 2nd Fridays.  The staff is friendly and also knowledgeable about what they carry, as it's all hand picked by them.  Probably the best thing ever to happen to Mesa.  If you're into local art and supporting small businesses (and who isn't?) and you haven't been here, you're seriously missing out.
5	Hobby shop meets local art, craft, entertainment for people who refuse to get boring. ~All ages welcome.I like the local art featured here. They hold events here for local artists; comic book artists, painters, fashion designers, etc. In the store you will find books, bags, gift ideas, interior decor, jewelry, costumes, collectibles, local T-shirt art, funky shoes, comics, and strange new people to meet.The best part is that you don't have to be able to "afford" the rock 'n roll lifestyle espoused here. Every item in the store is reasonably priced. You can also be sure that gifts from here will not be duplicated; AND if you're shopping for someone from another generation, there is an underlying "cool' factor that runs through all the treasures you can find.No matter what you call it: rock, jock, goth, nerd; sci-fi; rave; rock'abilly, urban, emo, queer...it's all here.
4	Store lives up to all other reviews. Amazing artwork at affordable prices. I bought a small canvas and a t-shirt. I was afraid that the canvas would get messed up on my travel back home to NJ, so the lovely girl behind the counter boxed it up for me. I will definately be stopping by this store every time I visit the area.....
5	Wish we lived closer and could visit every week.  What a gem.  Cool stuff, cool staff.  Sigh.  Shopping heaven.
4	This place just looks unique, even from the street. I had seen it before but they were always closed when it caught my eye. (I hate being able to go out mostly only on Sundays.)I finally got the chance to go when local author Caris O'Malley was doing a reading with some other authors. I went to the reading and checked out the store, too. It is a nice place, with a big emphasis on local art and funky stuff. I would like to go back maybe when it is a little emptier and spend more time there.
5	Do you have one of those people who are quirky and hard to buy for in your life? Me too. I ALWAYS find something for her (and myself) in here. They have tons of stuff you can't find anywhere else and most of it is local art, which makes me happy. I stop in anytime I'm anywhere near Mesa and will make a special trip on occasion too! LOVE!
