5	SUPER affordable (honestly the best price we found on the internet), really fast responses (within an hour of my emails), quick turnaround time (we had our door in less than a week), swift install (it practically took him seconds, and install is included in the price). Door works like a charm! I couldn't be happier. And, he's a super nice guy, which doesn't hurt.
5	We found Phoenix Sliding Doors through searching the internet and after contacting 3-4 companies, Maurice at PSD was the low bid on installing some solar screens so we chose him.  We contacted him on a Friday, he set an appointment to come out and measure that Monday with a 3 hours window, he called us with 30 minute notice and said he would be there early and wanted to know if he could come early, which was great as I was home.  He measured and set up an installation appointment for that Thursday between 3pm and 6pm, he called with 30 minute notice again and said he could come early around 2:30, I told him I'd be home at 3 so go ahead and get started and I'll meet him when I get home.  By the time I got home at 3:15 he was done, the solar screens looked great and the function (darkening/cooling our bedroom and master bathroom) was amazing.  I will be calling Maurice again to do more of our windows and would recommend his company for any of their services.  He not only shows up on time, he calls ahead, shows up early, and gets the job done quick and at the best price we could find.  Thanks Phoenix Sliding Doors!
5	I contacted Phoenix Sliding Doors after reading their Yelp reviews and was equally as pleased and impressed with their service as the other reviewers.   We needed to replace the lock sets on three screen doors after my husband mangled one trying to replace it himself.  Maurice was a pleasure to deal with from start to finish, from determining the part needed and ordering it from the manufacturer, to promptly setting up an appointment for the installation as soon as the parts were received, to actually doing the work, which turned out to be far more labor intensive than we anticipated since we didn't have the keys for the old hardware.   Prompt, professional, honest, fairly-priced, and friendly - we would absolutely use this company again if needed, and would refer them unconditionally.
