5	This IS the place to go for any shoe or leather repair. Luis has been a miracle worker... Puppy chewed the leather couch and he fixed it (three times) - countless  designer shoes have been refreshed- heels fixed- belts mended. He's a sweetheart and doesn't overcharge. God knows I love my shoes and I know I'm in good hands with Luis!!
5	Excellent service. I have taken shoes and boots to be resized and belts to be repaired. I took a leather jacket in for a new zipper and cuffs. Great work in a timely manner. I highly recommend Luis.
5	They charge you for every part of work that needs to be done, but in the end your shoes will look like new. So worth the slightly higher than average cost!I took 2 pairs to be repaired one of which were my favorite Jimmy Choo boots that have both suede and leather - thrashed to HELL. They rebuilt the heel among a bunch of other things and I couldn't be happier! By my NYC shoe repair standard, this place is Top Notch.
5	My new boots (men's) fell apart while I was in Vegas recently.  Based on Yelp reviews and where I was staying I took them to this shop.  They did a good job and were able to complete the work the same day, the day before a holiday.  Pricing seemed fair (I don't think I even paid extra for the same day work).
5	Had my luggage repaired sometime back and they did a wonderful job.  As of late, I have needed items to polish my shoes.  They go above and beyond to answer all of my one million questions and take the time to help me choose the right products as well as teach me how to use them.    I appreciate their help and patience.  I wish most businesses were this  great with their customer service.
5	Now called Magic Shoe Repair 1. Very pleasant people and very knowledgeable.  They re-solved 1 pair of my favorite shoes and boots. They recommended a synthetic rubber instead of leather and, whow, they are comfortable.  Will last longer and cost less than leather. Im very happy finding Magic Shoe and would recommend them for any shoes or leather repairs.
4	I have only gone here once, and I will probably go again because of  friendliness, speed, and quality of work.Only complaint would be that they put some type of sticker on the insole of the shoe, but did not remove it all and left some residue that I had to clean up.
