5	Swells has set the bar very high due to the quality of the product, friendliness of customer service, hours of operation, and location access (on grand ave). Swells was the first dispensary I visited since obtaining my card for lower back permanent injury pain. At first, the simplistic process had me believing that this was the standard process for this business line. At Swells you get to see what you are buying; literally. There is no "display" medicine here, which you typically smell and hope it is what you want ( 7-10 times I've smelled an old sample and got something totally different).  At Swells, the jar in the shelve is YOUR medicine. If it targets your needs based on feedback by the crew, you get to smell-see-and get feedback on exactly what you are purchasing (no touching for hygiene purposes duh) .  The meds go into your med container as per measurements and it's done. There is no smell this and this chick goes around back and brings you a nug in a space suit (wth is that all about, it's not radioactive is it? Lol). Overall super old school method of buying medicine. If you can purchase any meds of any kind and know exactly what you are getting you either grow your own, or buy from Swells.  Perfect process don't change that at all.  Fresh meds every time. Price wise? They do crazy stuff like $10 grams of hot hot fire. 1/8's and above are also daily deals just do the Facebook thing and get caught up on the daily thang. Epic joint this is!!
5	Great specials, and high quality meds.   Very friendly staff and environment.   Talk to Josh, he is a great and knowledgeable budtender.
2	50 + different strains of MARIJUANA in the last 7 months from different Arizona dispensary's but mainly Swell..and all of it is what I call outdoor crap or poorly grown indoor bud that is mid grade at that..... These dispensary's here in Arizona are STONED!!!! and don't know what good Medical Marijuana is.. It floors me that they think they are selling good top of the line meds. What fools.. Based on reviews from Leafly.com the dumb people buying from these dispensary's think its good too... This blows me away as I know there is way better meds to be had from real growers who take there time and put out a fantastic product not just quantity over quality.. Arizona Dispensary's put out piss poor low quality meds and its time to shut them down with real QUALITY meds... A real patient who uses medical marijuana daily knows quality. All these other recreational smokers are just that.... recreational smokers that don't know shit but claim they do... Learn your MEDS before you leave reviews on sites and make yourself look stupid. The only reason I gave this dispensary 2 stars is not because of the quality of the meds they supply but because my friend runs this one. Yes...he is delusional too when it comes to knowing good meds.JUST KEEPING IT REAL BECAUSE NOBODY ELSE WILL.
5	I've been to a few different shops and went to this one cause I heard they had cheap 10 dollar grams....i was low on cash and expected to get some low grade shit for 10 bucks....NOPE.this stuff is by far the best I've smoked out of all the other dispensery's crap!!!!! AND only 10 bucks a gram!!!!! If i didnt have my card this is the shit i would GLADLY pay 20 a g for on the street.....I'm RIGHT next to the greenhouse but I will be making that little trip to swell from now on....
5	Recommend THE Daily Ten Dollar Grams TO everybody swell is the most professional facility that I have been to love all the workers in all of the medicine you guys provide thank you so much for being there
5	Best spot on West Side for buds
