4	Great little place on the strip. We came here for breakfast (sadly they were out of the orange juice) but I had the french toast and a side of bacon, which were both excellent. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good breakfast.
4	My grilled chicken salad was good! I asked for it without the iceberg lettuce. It was like they took the chicken right off the grill. The mushrooms were a bit bland and not flavorful though.
4	A cute and cozy little cafe in the Strip. Among other tasty homemade dishes (it's italian focused), they also serve a small breakfast menu all day, making it a nice alternative to Pamela's and De Luca's. Cash only!
4	Crowded little Italian place on the Strip.  Great food, friendly - family like waitstaff. Reasonably priced food with breakfast served all day.I highly recommend the Dad's something or other.  Three eggs, spicy Italian sausage, peppers, etc. Man, was it good.   The hand squeezed lemonade was great too.
4	Cozy and delicious. Homey atmosphere with the lit fireplace. Entrees were fresh and prices were very reasonable.  I'd definitely go again.
4	What a great little place!  You almost miss it except for the sandwich board on the sidewalk in front of the narrow store front.  My brother and I stopped in for lunch.  I had the pepperoni pizza, it had a wonderful tomato sauce and a thin, crispy crust...but not so crispy you couldn't fold it in half :)  The free glass of homemade wine was a nice, dry red, and complimented the pizza.I will definitely go back again to try the penne with chicken.  The menu was reasonably priced, and everything I saw on other tables looked fabulous.  The wait staff was friendly, I loved the eclectic tables, chairs, and decor, and the fireplace was a treat, especially since it was a cold day.If anyone asks for a place to go on the strip, I will definitely suggest Buon Giorno Cafe on the Strip.
4	My girlfriend loves this place, specifically for their spinach and feta omelet. I'm not a huge omelet guy but they do make a mean Italian sandwich.They load the sandwich up with sweet and hot peppers and put it on tasty, crusty bread. On the side is a cold dish of thick rice and onions cooked in what I am guessing is chicken stock. It's really good.Their Italian wedding soup is the best I've ever had. It has long strands of egg and the meat balls are hardy.The service is fast but they really push you out the door. I've read a few reviews where people have been offended by this but I don't mind it. It's a tiny cafe right on Penn Ave in the Strip District, they want to accomodate as many people as possible.I enjoy going to these places and think real Pittsburgh share this sentiment. While the tourists are all flooding into Primanti's, Pamela's and Rolands, the smart ones are going to the much smaller places like Cafe on the Strip.
5	Had a great, leisurely lunch there, al fresco.  One of our favorite places and always eat there when in the Strip District.  Excellent wedding soup.  Eggplant dishes are superb.  In fact, the entire menu is superb.  Have never had a clunker.  The service is fast and friendly.  It is a family affair and the folk there really do care about their diners.  The daily specials are always tempting.  The portions are generous, too.
4	This is one of the great places in the Strip to sit, nosh, sip and watch the parade of shoppers pass by your table.  My friends and I felt like we were on vacation  someplace in Europe instead of Pittsburgh.  While we waited for lunch we were entertained by guessing what was in the bags the shoppers carried, by one adorable tiny little girl throwing us kisses and by the skills of those parallel parking vans in tight spaces.And then our food arrived!  All attention was then directed to the delights before us.  I had an Italian frittata chock full of peppers, tomatoes, onions and sweet Italian sausage encased in beautifully browned eggs.  Delicious and satisfying.  One friend got the white pizza - a choice of Greek or Italian - she chose the Italian.  It was a beautiful thin crusted version that she declared wonderful.  The other friend ordered a special of the day of pasta with marinara and chicken.  She loved every bite.  We're looking forward to more lunchtime walks to the Strip and people watching at Buon Giorno!  Oh!  And they have breakfast all day!
3	I am rewriting my review of this place and dropping them down a couple of notches (previously 5 stars) do to the recent experiences at this place. The food is usually good however the service leaves something to be desired. We went with a family that had children and it was very obvious we weren't welcome. Service was slow, orders were messed up and it took us forever to get the attention of the server so we could get our check. Don't go in here if you have kids or a large group. The manager should do a better job of making sure everyone leaves happy. Seems like they are not training the serving staff very well. Stopped with several people again today march 2014. Not much has changed. Service definitely a big minus. Brought wrong orders, kept asking what we ordered, waited a long time for refills etc.
1	My parents and wife were shopping on Tuesday in the Strip and decided to have lunch just before noon because the crowds were big and the lunch rush was about to start.  Instead of going Rolands, we set our sights on Cafe on the Strip.  I had eaten there before at breakfast time and enjoyed it.  This experience would not be as enjoyable.We each ordered lunch.  I had a pasta dish that was supposed to have a tomato basil sauce with artichokes and hot saussage.  It was served instead with hormel pepperoni and some sort of basalmic vinagrette and no artichokes. My wife and dad ordered the chicken parm sandwich, as did my mother.  They forgot my mom's sandwich and the waitress said, 'I thought you only ordered two sandwiches."  No, mom had no interest in joining us while we ate.  To make matters worse, the sandwiches were awful.  A plain chicken breast that had a bland marinara sauce slapped on it with cheese that had zero taste.  All in all, it was the worst $40 spent on a meal in the strip in a long, long time.
1	I don't often write reviews on yelp but my experience today at the cafe on the strip prompted me to do so. At first, we were excited to eat at the quaint restaurant and were enjoying the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I both ordered from the specials menu and were excited for a salmon salad and Alfredo pasta. Everything started to go downhill when our waters came. One glass was extremely dirty and the other was broken and spilled water all over the table. We quickly started to notice how filthy the restaurant was. From the condiment bottles to the walls, everything was covered in a film of dirt. Our server was also very rude. Some time after we ordered the server came out to tell us the Alfredo sauce was spoiled and my boyfriend would have to pick another item. Since it was a special, shouldn't they have planned on a fresh sauce? This made me very nervous to eat fish and raw vegetables after all of these red flags. So we asked for the check for our drinks and side salad but we would be leaving. We did not want to cause a scene and harm their business in any way, we simply wanted to leave. The server brought out my salad still and I said I didn't want to eat it or pay for it. Moments later I heard the cook yelling and screaming and looking right at me. We were so uncomfortable that we threw cash on the table (overpaid) and left. By far the worst experience on the strip. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy...
4	Looking for a breakfast spot in Pittsburgh without a huge wait we stumbled upon this little place.No huge line outside, and a few tables open when we walked in.  Got a great cup of coffee to start out and some wonderful warm bread.  Ordered the fritata.  It was so good.  The hot sausage was delicious with the peppers and egg.  This is a great little spot right on Penn Ave, not getting much play.  I'm almost sorry for telling people about it.  If you go get the fritata!
5	This is a great little spot that won't cost you an hour wait like some of the other breakfast places near the strip. We had the French toast (made with their thick home style bread) and feta spinach omelette. Both were tasty and the waitstaff was quick. They may not have been warm and fuzzy, but it was a busy Sunday morning around us. Great atmosphere. Would definitely go back again.
4	We only go for breakfast and get the Italian french toast. It is fantastic!
2	The food here is good. Watch the specials, they often have free wine with an entree but won't tell you about it unless you ask. I have been here several times and had the worst service ever from the older woman with bleached blonde hair and too tight sweatsuits. She is rude and doesn't care to check on tables as much as she seems to care about hassling the other waitresses about doing their jobs. TERRIBLE SERVICE if you get her!
1	This closet sized "eatery" clearly defines mediocrity. On a busy Strip District afternoon (day before Easter), this place was packed with patrons "dining" on overpriced dry omelets, limp and soggy salads and vinegar flavored ice tea. The bread was nicely stale, the little butter packets spoiled to a crusty yellow, and the dirty cutlery were the perfect accoutrements to a morning nightmare. A terrible terrible terrible place. You'd be better sustained with an Egga-muffin a short walk down the street (and you'd not have paid $50.00 for two omelets, two teas, a wedding soup headed for divorce litigation, and a salad most rabbits would disdain). Horrid.
2	Most the reviews on this place are spot on.  I used to go here frequently because, though dirty, it had a nice atmosphere, especially in the winter with the fireplace and Sinatra music.  I always got the same thing because I really liked it, Margarita Pizza, but the service is about the worst ever.  Now I have had some nice ones, but it is usually that older lady with bleached out hair.  Man is she miserable, almost makes you feel like you have to be the super polite one or she will punish you even further and make you wait longer.  And yes the wait is a bit ridiculous!  I had an hour for lunch there is no reason it should take 45 minutes to make a personal pizza.  To top it off I asked for a knife when I got a side salad to which she told me, you don't need a knife, and I said are you serious?  She said you don't need a knife and I am not bringing you one.  The pizza, the fireplace, and Sinatra is why this place got 2 stars, otherwise it would be a negative one!  Takeout maybe a better option...
4	Conducted a two person lunch meeting for the first time @ Cafe On the Strip and I found this operation to be first rate, great service, great atmosphere in capturing the mood of the Strip District.  I recommend the Antipasti Salad and the Grilled Chicken Salad.
1	We had breakfast this morning here. We waited 45 minutes for our breakfasts.   Unfortunately, the servers were less than attentive and we waited almost 30 minutes for a refill of our coffee.  The food was good but the negative experience of the extreme  delay and little concern for us while waiting is all I can remember.  We will not go back.
1	Long wait, poor service and average food at best really took the wind out of what had been a fun morning at the strip. Will not be back.
5	I've been up and down the Strip a few times and never really saw anything that stood out in regards to an eatery. My wife and I were walking by this place, stopped to look at the specials board, and saw the "free wine" special with any meal. Of course our interest was piqued. The owner came out and began talking with us. He was nice and personable. We looked at the menu and the prices were incredibly cheap for this area. We gave it a shot. Best chicken Parmesan sandwich I've ever had. Hands down. The free, might I add, homemade wine was amazing. Smooth and not too sweet. Tiramisu to top it off hit the spot. We'll definitely be back.
1	Worst service in Pittsburgh. And we love Pittsburgh! The waitress' attempt to apologize was really a bunch of excuses.
2	This was my second visit to Cafe.  First time - couple of years ago, was quite good.It was Saturday, about 11:45am.  The Strip was hopping.  We saw two of the outdoor tables were available.  The other two were obviously occupied by groups who were finished, but holding the clear tables, chatting.We sat about 5 minutes and Friend started looking for someone to tell us if we were supposed to order inside, perhaps??  Finally, we asked one of the groups who were finished - no she'll be out sooner or later...10 minutes later we ordered.  All was ok, we were chatting, also.  We saw our food coming and perked up.  It was for one of the cleared tables - they hadn't received their food yet!  Our food was quite late.  Simple sandwiches with a side of risotto that was clearly made in bulk well in advance.  Sandwiches were good, but not unlike those we all make at home.  Gotta run - parking meter was calling.Absolutely nothing outstanding or noteable.
5	The food was amazing!  The Chicken Parmesan was flavorful and full of life. The sauce was so good!  The margarita pizza was one of the best I have ever had! I would recommend coming down here if you have a chance to.  The waitresses were nice and pleasant.  The tiramisu was excellent and sweet.
5	I have eaten here twice and the food was just terrific. The omelet, frittata, French toast were great. They have nearly perfect bacon and the coffee was refreshingly delicious. My boyfriend had the pepperoni pizza and it was so yummy, too. It's a small place, easy to miss, but a pity if you do! Try it! You'll be hooked.
