4	Good gelato, awesome cannoli's. You just can't beat 'em.
4	Fantastic gelato!  The guy behind the counter (likely the owner) was happy to let us try out all the flavors before selecting.  The ones I sampled were all great!  Even the more traditional flavors like vanilla bean were something special.  Some of the flavors I can remember: chocolate, strawberry, chocolate chip, almond, lemon, pineapple, cream caramel, and berry.  I recommend!
4	In short: very friendly people, very good gelato, very good coffee.I liked: the gelato, of course (in particular, the Fruits of the Forest and Lemon flavors). Creamy and hits the spot. The coffee is among the better coffees you'll find around (and certainly beats chain coffees) - I have yet to try the other cofee beverages. Last time I was there, Enzo was working on a Baba Rum, and I got to sample it: fluffy with a hint of sweet, that departs from the bucket-of-sugar silliness that we're used to.The people themselves are extremely friendly and create a nice atmosphere.The place gets plenty of sunglight most of the day since it has a (north-facing) glass wall, and there's usually discrete music playing. And a TV which is great for the World cup!Needs improvement:  the interior is a bit spartan, though certainly colorful.
5	Enzo's deserves 5 stars for the hospitality and for his authenticity. Enzo with his thick Italian accent greets you like he's known you for a long time. I came in for a quick snack and found myself sharing an espresso at the bar with Enzo talking about how gelato reminds him of home, Italy, and how much he loves sharing a taste of his culture with others.I walked away with a new friend and with a delicious tub of pistachio and bacio gelato. Just a side note - I had to do a take-away because I didn't have any room for more after I tasted everything he had in the case. Enzo's Gelato and Bar will be a regular stop for me.
3	I have to agree with Jeffrey that Enzo is awesome! He immediately picked up on the fact that I love me some Gelato and all the sudden we are talking forever about Italy and Gelato! Such a sweetheart! I told him I have to come back and try his fresh canollies! That day I have the creme brulee Gelato! So good! Now, I have to say it's not the best Gelato I have ever had, but it still met my expectations! I would like to see a bigger selection and more fruity flavors. As far as customer service and friendliness though it was a great experience!
5	Enzos is GREAT! Enzo himself is what keeps me going back. This place is actually my second home and I apologize to Enzo for not writing a review sooner. This proud owner works morning, noon, and night making everything in there from his gelato to his amazing homemade almond cookies and will not let you down. I am an avid supporter of the "little local-guy" and will go here over the big "chain-gangs" any day...even if it means sometimes paying the same price. If you were the "little guy" and did it right, I would support you too. Go here for a cappucino and almond cookies, or bring the kids for amazing gelato that Enzo will over-stuff in a cup for you. Either way, it's a great start or finish to your day. Tell him Nicola sent you. CiaoStay healthy and don't forget to Call Your Doctor or Naturopath now!www.CallYourDoctorNow.com
5	Enzo's is Chandler, Arizona's version of Cheers.  Enzo is Italian and the coffee bar really feels like one I've been in while visiting Italy.   Whether you want coffee, a gelato or a panino, you can't go wrong at Enzo's.  Come by some weekend evening and you will likely be able to join some of the regulars in an Italian card game.  Want to learn, or practice your Italian?  This the place!  The Phoenix Italian Language Meet Up group meets here on Saturday mornings.  Free wifi makes it an ideal place to work or study.  Live music on occassion is great.  Open 10-9 weekdays and 10-11 on weekends.  Go check out Enzo's Gelato & Coffee Bar, your first visit won't be your last!
5	I love Enzo's Gelato and Coffee Bar.  First and foremost-the Gelato is awesome! My favorites are the strawberry and raspberry gelato. Last night I decided to get a latte and I am glad I did.  It was delicious. The owners are so friendly and really make the place special.   I highly recommend coming to Enzo's to meet up with your friends, hang out with family, or  if you want great gelato and fantastic coffee.Bottom line:  this is a great little coffee bar with awesome gelato.
3	Cute little Italian run gelato store next to Rubio's and another frozen yogurt shop that is always busy. We wandered into this shop a few weeks back after a meal at Rubio's just to check it out. We have been on a gelato frenzy lately and are trying every place we can. Only a few flavors of gelato were out the day that we went, ten I think. The guy serving gelato had a thick Italian accent and was very friendly. I got three different flavors in their largest size; pistachio, coconut, and butter pecan. Someone else before us getting gelato told me that their cantaloupe was the best here. The prices are the cheapest here than any other gelato store I have been to. Which is a plus. The consistency of the gelato though is a little weird. Its kind of gummy. The flavor was just ok. I have had better elsewhere. I brought my leftovers home and stuck them in the freezer and ate the rest about two weeks later. The consistency was a lot better after being frozen.  If you are looking for a new gelato experience and have not tried this place, I would check it out. Good prices and nice tasting gelato, just not my favorite.
5	Cute atmosphere, fun place to take kids too and wonderful Gelato! Really nice owner as well. Its nice to still see small owned business' with great customer service. :)
4	I went here tonight with the BF as a do over for last night's ice cream fiasco (in which we didn't end up eating a lot of ice cream). This place is very cute and Italian owned, which is always a plus. The BF and I shared a cup with strawberry and chocolate. The chocolate was good, with chunks of chocolate in it, I wasn't a huge fan of the strawberry. My main critique of this place is there was no coffee or espresso flavored gelato.... that is something I would have wanted. They do have coffee, however, so I got a latte and it was good. It had a strong coffee flavor... it wasn't my favorite coffee in the valley, but it is very nice to have with gelato. I would probably come back here if I were in the neighborhood.
4	Gelato: Meh... Dolce vita is way better. Pistachio tasted like Marzipan. Cannoli: GoodLatte: Yuck... I might have got a bad batchService and Conversation: Excellent!!Mom and Pop store: CheckTotal = 4 starsEnzo is a nice lovely to talk to he engages you in conversation in true Italian form. I'd go back just for the conversation..
4	Great gelato in Chandler.  Although there aren't many flavors to choose from, the ones he has are great.  The 3 flavors I tried were all a home run with me.  I haven't tried anything other than gelato, but I plan on going back.  Enzo happened to be serving us and he was a pleasure to speak with.  He is one heck of a nice guy.  This is the kind of business I would rather support. Ciao!
3	Having lived in Europe for a decade, and having been a frequent traveler to Italy - I have a large basis of comparison for Gelato.  Despite the fact that Enzo hails from Bella Italia, I was disappointed in the texture and flavor of the Gelato.  In European Gelatterias, the texture is so light that it virtually melts in your mouth.  Whether it is Chocolocate Hazelnut or Lemon, the consistency is nothing like the heavy ice cream we enjoy in the states.  Furthermore, when enjoying a fruit based gelato in Europe, you can see the seeds from the strawberry, taste the lemon peel from the lemon, or the raisins and rum in the "malaga."  I want to love Enzo's gelato, but I did not.  The texture was very heavy, much too creamy and thick.  I sampled the lemon, strawberry, banana, and "Bacio."  I am a huge fan of the chocolate hazelnut (Bacio), but it tasted half as good as what I have enjoyed in other gelatterias.  Overall, the flavors were much more bland than I expected, and my tastebuds did not get the sense that they were being greeted by fresh ingredients.Prices, however, are so reasonable.  You can get a large serving for $3.99, $1.99 for a small.Aside from the gelato, Enzo does offer croissants and cannolis.  I tried both!  Loved the decadent croissant with the Nutella, and for only $2 it was so worth it.  The cannoli was also priced very reasonably and was light and crunchy on the outside and filled with a semi-sweet cream on the inside.Milkshakes, smoothies, Illy espresso, and numerous coffee drinks are available here - so it is a nice spot to come and sit at the bar, chat with Enzo, and sip an espresso.Would I come here for gelato?  Sorry to say, no.
5	Love the gelato and Enzo!
5	We love Enzo's!! Best gelato and cannolis (YUM!) I think there are plenty of flavors to choose from this isn't a 31 flavors ice cream shop so if that's what your looking for go somewhere else ;) The quality is very good as well as the service. Enzo always remembers us and is always engaging in conversation with his customers. This is always a great experence to come back to Enzo's.
4	I came strictly for gelato. Intrigued by their cafe. Would like to try an espresso drink from here. I had the pistachio gelato. Sampled the straciatella..which was good, too. Just had a hankering for pistachio that night. Service was extremely warm and friendly. Family owned. Felt like I was at a friend's house, just chatting, and eating gelato.*Update* I've been here a couple more times from my original/first visit.  The gelato, service and family feel have been consistent.  Adding their affogato to my "to do" list.
4	I only tried the ice cream. I had a medium cup with Baccio (not that good), Creme Brulee (YES!) and Biscotto (again YES!). These original flavors did my night!The 4th star is for Enzo, who had no problem like any southern Italian to have a nice chat.
5	Love this place. I kid you not their mango gelato is to die for. The best thing I've ever had. I love Enzo too he is very sweet and the shop has a good vibe. I recommend it.
5	Fabulous gelato made by a wonderful mom and pop shop. Great people, exceptional gelato, and an amazing atmosphere.  Bypass the DQ or chain ice cream and go here for a real treat!!
4	Had a great visit here with my 9 year old this afternoon. He loved the gelato and we had a good time playing the mini foosball game that was out on the table. Very friendly owner, clean seating area and great music. We will be back.
5	Awesome I love this place
5	Best gelato in the area...but nothing beats the flavor of culture and atmosphere Enzo brings to Chandler. Family owned and operated, cheery, quaint, and tasty place you could easily find yourself stopping in every day - even if just to say hello. Get the pistacchio with baccio.  :)
4	What a great stop and end to a busy Sunday. The Gelato here is great. The Sea Salt Caramel is " deadly."Enzo himself has a great charm which shines through as a result this little dive spot has strong character and cozy atmosphere.
5	We read other help reviews and decided to head to Enzo's last night! What a great place! The gelato was awesome, and the service was just as great! Enzo let us try as many samples as we wanted, and when we decided he filled that cup over the top! Yum! The Bacio flavor is delicious. We also had the mixed fruit was was homemade. I've had many gelato spots in my time and this place was a hit. Latte was great too! A must visit no matter where you live in the valley.
5	If you wish you were back in Italy or you are looking forward to going, Enzo's is what you need.The guy behind the counter is from Calabria and he and his wife met in Rome.  There are Italian soccer scarfs hanging on the wall and occasionally an Italian movie or Serie A game on the television.  It is very typical to hear a group of Italians speaking Italian or even some Americans trying their best.  There is occasionally live music being played and there are various art and film events in the evenings that you can stumble in on.If you go to Enzo's, your coffee will be made by Enzo, himself, and it will be made with care.  It is likely his wife will be there, too, if you are there in the evening.  The lunch deal is a steall and is available at all hours.  You get a nice grilled panino and a simple, but tasty salad for less than $4, I think.There are not as many gelato options as some of the chains, but there is always something for everyone.  Don't over look the Cannoli.  I often choose the mini-cannoli over the gelato, especially with the cofffee.Wi-Fi is free, too.
4	I find mom and pop stores great. One's that are run by the actual mom and pop? - Priceless! Enzo and his wife are a wonderful breath of fresh air. It's great place to go if you'd like to practice your Italian, chat with someone about something completely random, or grab a gelato. I suggest the sweet cream with dark chocolate. Now they call it something like "straticolli", but in reality, it's sweet cream with dark chocolate chunks. Bellismo!!!
5	I gave Enzo's a second chance today after dinner as I haven't been since I wrote my first review. Boy am I ever glad I did! I tried their dairy free fruit flavors today. Let me tell you. The cantaloupe and the watermelon are simply amazing. So many times I have had dairy free gelato and it just tastes like ice. Not here. They are creamy and dreamy, fruity and delicious. Their prices are also crazy cheap, and the staff is super friendly. I'm totally ditching the other place I usually get dairy free gelato at and coming to Enzo's anytime I need a gelato fix. YUM!
5	How can you not love a lil' ol' Italian man scooping out gelato and regaling you with tales from the old country? I couldn't understand a god damn thing he said, but man he was nice - and he gave me salted caramel gelato - fuck yes.  The place is small, but awesome - it's family own/run/oriented.  Pretty sure they have a baseball bat behind the counter to club any nay say'ers.  You've been warned.
5	Holy goodness! The vanilla and salted caramel are amazing! Order an espresso and put it over the vanilla, it will be a party in your mouth.
1	This review may be somewhat out of place because I did not try the gelato nor the coffee. The review comes because I am disgusted at how their "mom and pop" attitude was expressed in a very immature and passive-aggressive manner.My husband and I took my 2 year old out for a treat after dinner. We didn't even see Enzo's as we parked by the Zoyo and stopped there for froyo. We were seated near Enzo's, happily enjoying our froyo when a young, hipster girl came out of Enzo's, walked past us, then whipped around, threw a folded sheet of paper at us, and said "ENJOY your YOGURT!!" and went back inside.My husband opened the paper and began reading an article about Froyo bars, bacteria growth, lab results, etc., etc. (Shall I mention that the paper that it was printed on had coffee stains and dried spatters of what I assume to be gelato, since it's apparent that they re-use this paper often). My husband folded the paper back up when he was done reading, finished his froyo, and kindly returned their obviously-valuable piece of paper. As soon as my husband opened the door, this hipster-girl SHOUTED out to the owner, rolled her eyes, and walked into the back room. The owner came out and immediately nodded his head and held his hand out to my husband - not to shake his hand but to take his paper back. My husband explained to the business owner that, while he appreciates the dump of information, he didn't appreciate it being thrown down at us (it nearly landed in my son's froyo cup) or did he feel that his approach to "gaining business" (rather, bad attention) was appropriate. The business owner interrupted my husband and said "Well, if not for you, then for the health and safety of your poor child." Excuse me? My poor child??.... My husband kindly responded "My poor child is perfectly fine with an occasional treat, whether it's froyo or otherwise. He WON'T ever be treated to Enzo's Gelato, however, especially after the way you handled a little bit of business competition." The hipster and what appeared to be her friend burst out laughing and mocked my husband; he was so taken aback at their poor professionalism that he couldn't even continue any sort of semi-intelligent conversation and we simply left.I have to say that as a fellow small business owner, attempting to gain business by bashing your neighboring businesses is a poor way to foster growth. I was absolutely disgusted that they would even THINK to treat a non-customer (or what could have been a potential customer) in the manner in which they felt was appropriate; very poor judgment and tact on behalf of the business owner as well as the snotty girl whom he enlisted to throw a dirty, germ-ridden paper at my family. I would not recommend this place to anyone under any circumstances.
4	I am bummed that this place closed.  The gelato was really really good and Enzo was fun to talk with.  The coconut gelato was the best!
