5	Best bartender you'll find anywhere - he's my brother!
5	Every neighborhood needs to have an old fashioned corner bar, Dormont has the R bar. The bartender and patrons seem friendly even to a newbie who just moved into the neighborhood. I'd say that the place is populated by some music nuts by the coolness of the music selections on the nights that I've been there. We are not so regular that everyone there would know our names like "Norm" on cheers, but we stop in a couple of times a month. They now have live music there on the weekends and we try to stop in when I don't have a gig myself. They tend to book blues and classic rock cover bands and that works well for me. The prices are fair and the place is kept clean. It's a good place to hang your hat and have a cold one. (See you there.)
5	We've been Dormont residents for a couple of years now, and I still think that R Bar is the best neighborhood bar around. The decor has been slowly but surely updated over the past couple of years. It is obvious that the establishment is owned by people who take pride in it. The name itself gives you an idea what to expect. It's not "the" R Bar, but simply R Bar. R is "pittsburgh-ese" for our, as in "Our Bar". And it feels like "R Bar" in every respect. I can't finish this review without talking about music. The bar is owned by a couple named Gary and Debbie, Gary is a musician. The first and third Wednesday of each month R Bar hosts the best open stage in town. A great guy named Dave Yoho hosts it and some of the best musicians in the area come together to jam. Jimy Adler, Shari Richards, Craig King and many others stop by to jam. It is always magic.Every Saturday they have live music without a cover. The best local blues and classic rock bands play here regularly. I can say as a musician that everybody loves playing here. A regular jokingly refered to R Bar bar being " on the corner of Blues and Rock and Roll" and it has stuck. This is a great neighborhood bar, but it has also become a great hangout for musicians.I'll see you there...
5	I have some musician friends who invited me to check out this fun little place on West Liberty Avenue.  It was a Wednesday night, because that's when R-Bar has their "jam night."  First of all, the place was pretty packed - a great sign for a newcomer.  The crowd was mixed.  Mixed ages, mixed genders, mix races.  A nice cross-section of our Pittsburgh culture, and everybody seemed to be having a great time.  There were quite a lot of different musicians performing throughout the night, and obviously some of the best blues cats in the city are hanging out and playing at this place, because the music was excellent all night.  A little bit of rock, but mostly blues and blues rock the night I was there.  There were a lot of people drinking tap beer, and that tells me that the management keeps their tap system in good order, so where I might normally order a bottled beer in a strange place on my first visit, I was comfortable getting a Yuengling draft.  It was nice and cold, fresh, and served in a clean glass for a very reasonable price.  The bartender was very friendly, cute, and attentive.  My second round I asked her if there were any craft beers, not expecting there to be any, because in this city, most of the classic bars just serve the standard yellow beers.  Much to my surprise, the young lady starting rattling off a pretty nice list of craft brews, including my selection, Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA.  Now that I know that R-Bar has good beer as well as good music, I will certainly be making a return visit.Parking is on the street, so you might have to walk a block or two from your car, but West Liberty Avenue in Dormont is pretty safe, so no worries there.  My only criticism is a personal thing:  I don't like smokey bars.  I later found out that the owner is going to change their smoking policy on Wednesday nights in deference to the many excellent musicians who frequent the establishment for the jam night.  Wednesdays are going to be "no smoking," and that makes me smile.
1	White trash bar. Got shot up one night a few years back. Good thing I was at the Apple!
