3	Got a great priceline price of $55 with a free breakfast (hot entree with oj and coffee)  and free shuttle from the airport til 10pm and a free happy hour with light snacks.Now the downside:The place is old and run down, outside looks great with the 2 pools, and tennis courts but when you get in the rooms, they are old, musty and dated.  There is a kitchenette with fridge and microwave and toaster oven inside the room.When I checked in late night, the staff wasn't very helpful, felt like I was bothering them.Since the place is so large and the doors open to the outside, doesn't feel as secure for a single female traveler.
3	OK, this place is not the Ritz Carlton...it's not even a Holiday Inn...it is just a quirky little hotel. Rooms are cheap and come with free breakfast and a free happy hour served from the bar/shack in the pool area. I have stayed here several times over the past  couple of years, and it's charm kind of grows on you...as does the hour and a half of free booze.The rooms: They are kind of like old dorm rooms. There is a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, and dishes. I have never actually cooked anything here...but clearly others have because there is a faint musty/cooked food smell about the place. But overall the rooms are simple and mostly clean. The Happy Hour: Free flowing booze-a-plenty by the pool...you name it and they will mix it up for you. I believe my friends and I were the reason that they implemented the 2 drink per person per order rule. You need to understand that this is not top shelf booze..in fact I have never heard of any of the "brands" that they use, but hey it's free booze. The People: Mostly Europeans, the elderly, elderly Europeans, and people who actually live in the hotel...they are the fun ones. You can see many of these people in the hotel's restaurant/lounge/bar/karaoke club/underage drinking hangout. This is an experience not to be missed...we got to witness creepy goth karaoke night. The Breakfast: The full sit-down American breakfast is included in the price of the room and is actually pretty good. The people who work here are quite entertaining, especially the older gentleman who greeted us with "I got to tell you there ain't no pancakes!" The neighborhood: The hotel is situated among strip clubs and car dealerships...not a great area to walk around in after dark. There is also is a goth/metal/punk/creepy club located right next door between the hotel and the Friendly Liquor Mart. My advice...get in your car and drive to a better part of Scottsdale if you want to walk around.I am sad to report that The Hospitality Suites and Resort has been listed on the Bed Bug Registry...I have never been bitten nor have I ever seen any bedbugs while staying there, but I think it is important to be aware of such reports. Overall it is a funky experience to stay here and definitely worth the between $40 and $60 a night.
4	So this isn't the fanciest place around, but you can't find a better place for the money. We paid about $50 a night for the junior king suite with the kitchenette. You can't beat free booze every day from 5:00 - 6:30...the only limit being that you can only order 2 drinks for yourself at a time. Then of course there is free breakfast every morning from 6:00 - 10:00. And it's not just a continental breakfast like most places...there is a menu of about 7 different options including pancakes, french toast, the american breakfast (eggs, hashbrowns, toast, bacon or sausage or ham), plus others...and free coffee and juice. The restaurant is also connected to a bar which has a pool table, some games, a jukebox and cheap drinks. The rooms were clean but did have a bit of a musty smell when you first walked in and the staff was very nice. If you eat at the italian restaurant directly across the street you get 10% off your bill for being a guest at the hotel. We will definintely stay here again if we come back out to Arizona!
3	I am currently residing in the HSR here in what I believe is technically Tempe, but for some reason is labeled Scottsdale by the hotel. I am here because of Expedia.com and because their website led me to believe that it was a really nice place. But you know that feeling you get when there is nothing wrong but something is definitely not right? The pool is clean and the outdoor spaces are really well maintained. The room has all the amenities it advertises. There is a somewhat bland free breakfast offered, and a happy hour with free drinks. The room is a bit shabby, but for $50 who cares? They even offer free WiFi! And the staff is friendly and really helpful. They helped me rent a car today and even offer an airport shuttle between 7A - 10P.  Oh and their best feature is being located across the street from Green.
3	I love this place.  Cheap yes but clean and friendly.Love the brits that come down to hang out in the winter and I love the free booze happy hour.  I didnt want to let that secret out but since others have I guess it is ok.Anyway, not the greatest place, and there is something a little off about it but you will make friends and it will feel like a slice of home in a little hotel/motel.
4	The Hospitality Suite Resort provides fantastic value for money and more amenities than a lot of posher hotels charging much more. It's a few minutes off the 202 or 101 in Scottsdale and I found the drive from Phoenix Sky Harbor straightforward.Overall, the signposting and layout of roads in Phoenix was excellent and very easy to navigate.The rooms are housed in 3 big buildings, all with outside corridors with lifts serving all of them. It's worth trying to get a room in the building where the reception is based as that's where the free happy hour takes place every evening. Each building has its own swimming pool which was cleaned daily and there were enough deckchairs and pool towels laid out. There is a free internet terminal in reception which worked fine but kept going slow every few minutes for some reason. There are also laundry facilities (soap powder available for purchase at reception) and a tennis court.The room I had was clean and had cooking facilities (not used) but a fridge that I did make use of - very nice to have cold drinks with all that heat. Air conditioning worked well enough to dampen the Arizonan heat.Breakfast is another plus offering a choice of meals including a hot breakfast.There is a supermarket across the road as well as a couple of restaurants but I recommend getting a car to explore a little further afield. Old town Scottsdale is about 10 minutes drive down the road and there are some big malls offering more amenities within 10-20 minutes drive. Papago Park is also close by and worth a visit.I think Hospitality Suite Resort offers fantastic value for money and I'll be heading back there on my next visit.
5	Hospitality Suite Resort was my home away from home this last week and although they are not a posh spa type resort, they were filled with heart and gave me everything I needed in the seven nights I spent there.Why did I chose Hospitality Suite Resort?  I needed a place for seven nights (eight days) while I worked on my qualifying exams and worked on my dissertation in Phoenix.  I had two basic needs, a place that was cheap and had free internet.  That they had a daily breakfast was a plus, as was laundry facilities.  They had the best price for all these options, so I jumped.After a flight to Sky Harbor, getting a rental car, driving to Scottsdale, I had a hard time finding the hotel.  I finally asked another hotel on Scottsdale Ave. and she said, "OH yeah, the numbers are funny that way!"  Ha!  Very funny.  After that first time, I didn't have any trouble finding my way back to it again.  My morning commute to the Hokokum campus was very straightforward.  I was pretty much set.I was greeted by a fellow named J.J. who talked very fast (or maybe because of my travel and the time, I was processing very slowly).  He gave me a room on the third floor that was "overlooking the pool" (P.S. all rooms are "overlooking the pool").  He told the best place to park and showed me on the map where the elevator was.  It did take me awhile to find the elevator with my stuff in my hands, but eventually I did.  There were some British/French kiddos hanging out in the poor area, whooping it up and there was music coming from the lounge, but it didn't matter, I was so tired, I could have fallen asleep in a airplane (oh, wait, I did that too!).The next morning, I took in more of my surroundings.  My room had a lovely little kitchen with all the necessities and a nice large bathroom with a small stall shower.  The was a lovely full-sized ironing board and steam iron.  There was a coffee maker in the kitchen, along with a toaster, microwave, fridge (small) and hotplate.  There was a nice reading lamp over the bed and an easy-to-use clock radio.  There was a desk as well as a table and three chairs.  The king size bed was comfortable, but not overly so.  I certainly had no trouble sleeping while there, but I didn't have a trouble getting out of bed either.  Perfect.Breakfast was a choice of five breakfasts.  The menus were laminated, meaning the that choices did not change, but that was ok.  I chose two eggs, sausage, hash browns, whole wheat toast, oj and coffee every morning.  By the second day, I was greeted by name.  That was a nice touch, because I felt that I was very very far away from home.Instead of eating out every night, I went to Food City, just down the road and bought supplies to heat up in the micro. I bought sodas for the fridge and micro popcorn.  Ahhhhh... all the comforts of home.  Because I was up late working on my classwork, the partying didn't bother me.  The pool was a magnet for people, even at night, because it finally was cooling down.  I didn't go to any of the happy hours (friends don't let friend write on their dissertation drunk), but they sure looked like people were having fun!Doing laundry was a little complex due to my own non-reading of the map.  I made this huge circuitous route because I didn't know there was a laundry room in the part of the hotel I was staying.  Next time I will know!!All in all, I enjoyed my stay at Hospitality Suite Resort.  Next time I would bring less clothes because of the superb laundry facilities (you don't need to bring quarters because you buy tokens at the lobby).  Next time I would remember to bring a swim suit because those pools looked sooooo good!Yep, next time I would stay at Hospitality Suite Resort, it's got it all.
5	We LOVED our stay at Hospitality Suites.We found a great deal online the night before we stayed ($98 for two nights, reduced by 25%), so we jumped. It may not be the fanciest of hotels, but for the price, it definitely met and exceeded our needs. The best parts:-Cocktail hour. Go the bar, get two free drinks (the bartenders claim to make over 200 types), sip by the pool, and repeat as often as you can handle from 5 - 6:30. You may even make friends with a jovial retiree or two. -Breakfast. Oh my god, go to breakfast. It's not buffet, but the eggs/bacon/hashbrowns/toast plate will make you happy. You can also choose from an assortment of other dishes, including pancakes, cold cereal, danishes, etc. Did I mention that this is FREE, also? -Saguaros growing poolside. Okay, we really love cacti.-The bar around the corner. Technically, it's housed within the hotel walls. Cheap, yummy food, and great, down-to-earth people.The only small problem we encountered was constant malfunctioning of our hotel key cards, but the staff was so nice and understanding every time we came in to have them re-magnetized. We had such a great time that we opted to stay another night. We found another good deal online, and we didn't have to change rooms. We checked out, re-checked in, and that was that.We'll definitely be back. -B
5	This place far exceeded my expectations and is far better than staying at a Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn. This place is QUIET, CLEAN and for the money, you can't beat this place. It includes a HOT breakfast each day which means real eggs and hash browns served to you at a sit down cafe. This alone saves about $10 per person per day while traveling!This place has THREE pools (nice if you don't want to hang out near the bar), basketball court, laundry facilities, restaurant, plenty of parking, free wi-fi, full kitchen, great housekeeping service (they cleaned our dirty dishes!), and a very courteous front desk staff.The only downsides were the dim lighting and not enough wastebaskets or tissue boxes. But for the peace and quiet, I'll take that trade-off anyday!! This place would be excellent for hosting reunions because of the pools, basketball courts and several sets of bbq's on central courtyards.If you are looking for a fancy place, this isn't it. But it is an incredible bargain, comfortable, and very quiet.
5	Good ratesGreat location- near food, shoppingQuiet areaRooms have kitchensFree Wifi and BreakfastFor a business traveler these are the big selling points- it's kinda basic but loads of features.
5	If I had to describe how a resort hotel should be, I would describe the Hospitality Suite Resort.The room was huge, and perfect for our little family staycation.The kitchen, while unused by us, was large enough to be able to cook and dine in the room, providing a four-burner stove, with oven, and an apartment sized refrigerator.There was a bar in the room, with stools, perfect for making the kids feel grown up.The bedroom was good sized, with a HUGE walk-in closet!The pool bar has a free happy hour nightly, from 5 PM to 6:30 PM. We did not take advantage of it, but that's a really great way to keep the clientele happy.The rooms come with complimentary hot breakfast, served at the adjacent J.J.'s Cantina restaurant. The choices for the hot breakfast were plentiful, including french toast, eggs and bacon/sausage, etc. A great value-add, which more resort type hotels need to invest in.Being there for the two days, I saw much more interaction between guests than I have seen in quite a while. While not everyone seeks that type of interaction, it's nice to see the environment not only allow for it, but encourage it, as I believe Hospitality Suite Resort does.The counter staff were always friendly, helpful, smiling people, who perfectly represent the establishment.The location is central to much of what there is to see and do in and around Scottsdale.They offer free WiFi throughout the establishment, which is another value-add that not enough hotels, or even resorts, provide.If I had visitors coming in from out of town, and staying more than one night, I would HIGHLY recommend Hospitality Suite Resort.I will definitely be keeping them in mind for my next staycation, as well. :)
4	Inexpensive, free breakfast at the restaurant next door, good sized suites with a full kitchen and a walk in closet. Several heated pools, tennis courts, basketball, horse shoes, shuffle board and ping pong table made keeping my daughter amused very easy! Helpful polite staff.
3	Got a room on their website for a junior king suite for $79. Not bad considering it's less than ten minutes drive to old town Scottsdale and fashion square. It was nice to get a good buzz at the free cocktail hour before going out for the night.. Sure saved us some money. Unlimited free drinks for an hour and a half? Sign me up. The rooms do have a musty smell and are tacky and cheap, if you did want a mini kitchen while you're staying here I suppose that would be a positive, but we didn't need it. Very small room and bathroom, no better than a motel 6. Our room looked out onto the pool courtyard which was pretty and quiet. The pool was heated which was nice because we happened to have freak weather the night that we stayed there (raining and 40s temperatures) so it was nice to still swim. Also has a very small hot tub. Overall good value for the price, next time we'll spend the extra money and go somewhere nice though.
4	Thanks Yelpers for recommending this place. Spent four nights here. What value! You get a cooked to order breakfast every morning and a cocktail hour everynight. The bartender will make just about anything for you. Great way to meet other travelers.Staff is very friendly. Grounds are well maintained. Rooms are dated but adequate. Very few channels and movies. Shower stall is very small. Mattress was very comfortable. Nice jacuzzi to deal with aches and pains from a day of hiking.Several pools.Will return
5	If you're looking for pure luxury, don't go here.If you're looking for a perfectly priced room with a nice bathroom, kitchenette, and comfy bed - this is the place.The grounds are well maintained, the pools were sparkling clean and on more than one occasion the night we stayed there, we saw security patroling the grounds.It's conveniently located near shops, restaurants and so on.  We didn't check out the free breakfast this time.This is definitely where we'll be staying when we have to go to Scottsdale again!
5	My family and I had a fantastic time at the Hospitality Suite Resort.  The staff was amazing - very welcoming and ready to help us with whatever we needed.  The rooms were clean, and maid service did a great job with keeping our rooms clean.  My room was a 1 bedroom suite with a full kitchen.  There were two double beds and the couch pulled out into a third.  The bathroom was fully stocked and had a tub.  I did visit one of the smaller hotel rooms, which were not quite as spacious, but still very comfortable.  They had kitchenettes and no tub.  True this is no 5-star resort by luxury standards, but it is a bargain for the amenities!!!There were multiple pools on the resort, a hot tub, and a tennis court.  Surrounding the pools was a park-like setting, bbqs and picnic tables.  The lobby loaned us some tennis rackets to get a little exercise.  Every evening the poolside bar opened up for 2 hours of free happy hour.  That's right, FREE!!!  Everyone gathered to talk about their day and we even met travelers from all over the world (well, Canada, Chicago and Colorado....).  Oh, and if you reserve your room through the resort (rather than an outside travel service), the a free, cook-to-order breakfast is included at the adjoining restaurant.  Delicious!I enjoyed my stay at Hospitality Suite Resort, and if I find myself in Scottsdale in the future, I will definitely choose to stay here.
4	Moderately prices, dated, great staff, very accommodating, yes i would stay here again if I visit.
5	I have stayed at this hotel at least four times for various activities in Phoenix, and each time has been great.  As a matter of fact, we don't stay anywhere else if we need to stay overnight in the Phoenix area.  There are great restaurants nearby (and the usual Subway, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc).  Their rates are very affordable, especially considering each room is a kitchenette, complete with fridge/hotplate and dishes/utensils.  The decor is a little 80's, but nothing bad- just....dated.Okay, here's the best part (besides the free wi-fi): every night from 5:30-7, they have a free hosted happy hour with unlimited drinks. They have 3 beers on tap, red and white wine and some signature cocktails.  The only rule (besides being of legal  drinking age): only two drinks per person per trip to the bar.  Holy crap!During Happy Hour the owner will come out and mingle with the guests, greeting everyone (very "Sam Rothstein" from Casino, but minus the whole mob connection part). He loves to meet his guests and make sure everyone is having a good timeThey also have a free cook to order breakfast in the mornings.  I always get the oatmeal because it comes with a banana, box of raisins, and toast.  Orange Juice and coffee are also included (both of which you can also get "to go").Seriously people, you don't get service like this anymore.  I plan on staying here for a series of races I will be participating in over the summer.  The thought of poolside cold beer after a race will probably be getting me across that finish line. I will say, that while the address is Scottsdale, don't go there expecting Maseratis and all that crap.  It's south Scottsdale (more like Tempe in my opinion), so it's a little more real than the Biltmore estates.  It's a gem of a hotel. Give it a shot.
5	Why are you not staying here? The room was very clean. The amenities are great. Free cocktail party. Breakfast cooked and the pool is comfy. The rate is great and if you book on their site breakfast is included. The staff is very friendly and the owner walks around and mingles at the cocktail party. I will be staying again. Oh, I forgot to mention, there is Jaxon's restaraunt on the premises! Good stuff all around.
5	OMFG how has this place been hidden??? Seriously $55 a night plus a free MADE TO ORDER breakfast PLUS a FREE cocktail party from 5-6:30!?!? Clean rooms with a kitchenette ... Seriously - I will never stay anywhere but here from now on!
2	Clean property, checked in okay, property grounds were neat andclean.  Smallish rooms, but had great little kitchenettes with frig, microwave, toaster, 2 burner hot plates.  Okay for short stays.  also, breakfast is free, drinks from 5:00 to 6:30.  Cold the whole time I was in Scottsdale, the heater was missing/not working.  But by turning the air conditioning down to 50. . . . wearing my sweat pants and long sleeve t shirt. I was able to sleep. Left all the miller in the frig, dang it. And they only gave us two towels.  The Yelp reveiws were great, but we visited people at Quality Suites, 2 blocks down and that seemed the better bet.  No hospitality hour, or breakfast, but same price and the room actually had a full size frig, dishwasher, plus it was a 2 room suite.
4	Perfect for a group of folks in town to take in some baseball games!  Good rates, even at the last minute, and the larger suites are really quite spacious.  I don't disagree with the adjectives I've seen in other reviews (dated, old, a bit strange) but I didn't have any musty issues, and the free drinks smoothed over a lot.  I didn't try the free breakfast because the fish-meets-pinesol smell in the restaurant the night before sent me packing.  Luckily, the Italian joint across the street is really pretty good!!I'd come back here without hesitation!
4	Really liked this place, would have given a full 5 except for the unmentionable "diner" ... The owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating. The best happy hour EVER... and plenty of room to hang out. I will for sure stay here again next spring!
4	Everthing was all gravy but  WHY do the shower heads feel like they are stabbing you?! seriously hurt to shower.
3	This was home base for 4 nights.  I used some airline miles to book this hotel so I don't know how much it would have cost had I paid $$ for it.  There were some good things about the hotel and a couple of bad ones. Good things I liked about the hotel--------------Location!  This place was perfect for us.  It's close to Tempe, Downtown Scottsdale, freeways, Dunkin Donuts etc etc.  The location was key!  We did not have to drive far to get anywhere.- Staff.  They were very friendly and helpful.  We did not need them for much but whatever we needed, they were there to get it for us.- Beds.  Pretty comfy beds.- Wifi- Free internet.- Pools-  They have 3 pools around the property.  There was one right by our room and we used it one night.  It was well maintained and stocked with towels.  Open until 11pm.Bad things that I did not like about the hotel------------ Smell.  It smelled funky.  At one time a long time ago I almost guarantee we were in a smoking room.  They try to spray air freshener type stuff to kill the smell but it was still there.  By the third day I guess we just got used to it because it wasn't as bad.-  TV.  27 inch old school Zenith.  Crappy selection of channels. - Old.  The place is just old.  The first night, we had someone above us and you could hear every single step they took.  The roof creaked like crazy.  Thank goodness they were only there that one night or else we would have asked to change rooms.  It was like Godzilla was above us. It reminded me how bad it sucked to live in an apartment with someone above you.This place was alright.  Would I stay here again?  Probably,  depending on the cost.  I loved the location...it suited our needs extremely well.  This would be a good guys trip hotel.  A romantic getaway with your special someone?  Not so much.
5	The Hospitality Suites was very accommodating of our large group. They arranged for our group to be in the same area and were both friendly and helpful for our entire stay. The rooms were clean and provided amenities that made our stay feel like home. The cooked breakfast, shuttle service, and free happy hour were a great bonus! We hope to stay here again in the future.
4	Stayed here over the weekend with a bunch of friends. Love this place. I unfortunately didn't make it to the happy hour but I heard it was great. The only reason I took a star off is because I would have liked to see more options on the breakfast menu. Although I really shouldn't complain, it's rare to get a cooked meal for your free breakfast. I will definitely be staying here again.
4	Stayed here for the weekend with about 200 of my closest friends - our group took over an entire section and pool of this place. The hotel grounds are kept up very well and I didn't really notice any issues with bugs in the courtyard so the outdoor experience was nice. The hotel has 3 sections, each with it's own pool so you never had to walk too far to get to one.Hotel as a restaurant on site and a bar too plus they offer a free hot breakfast and a free happy hour. The staff was very nice; even with our high-energy group staying the weekend. The rooms are a good size; ours was a one bdrm with a pull out sofa in the main living area. The pull out sofa wasn't comfortable... but honestly, I expected that as I don't recall ever sleeping on a comfy pull out ever so no worries there.They do have a tennis and basketball court as well and some of the sections have a hot tub but not all of them. No problems with parking... they did have some areas where you could park a large camper etc. but very limited so contact the hotel in advance about this.Location seems good too... not too far from other restaurants etc. and they will work with you on transportation.
5	Hospitality Suite Resort was very friendly and helpful to the to large group of friends staying. All the employees have a great attitude and showed a great amount of respect towards the group and myself. The rates are very reasonable; I especially excited for the full sized refrigerator and pool access. I will definitely be staying here again next time I'm in town.
1	WORST. HOTEL. EXPERIENCE. EVER!Tried to book a five night reservation online, but their website wouldn't confirm the reservation, so I called the hotel direct. The very nice woman there made the reservation over the phone and told me she would throw in the breakfast package for free because I had problems making the reservation online. I reserved a single king bed non-smolkng room.Sweet Deal...or so I thought.Arrived around midnight after a five hour drive from Vegas in the second week of November. Even though this was Phoenix, the outside temp was still about 45F.The apathetic college kid working the night desk checked me in and ran the entire five night bill on my AMEX...more than $330.00 total. He didn't honor the complimentary breakfast package...he told me I had to pay EXTRA for it.When I got to my room it was FREEZING...about 50F. No problem, I'll just turn up the heater. Looking all over the room, I discovered there was NO heater or AC unit anywhere to be found. There was a thermostat temp dial on the wall, but it was already turned up to 95F...not a good sign.  Also...I had specifically requested a NON-SMOKING room...but the room they gave me had cigarette burns in the furniture and smelled like one big, dirty ashtray. I picked up the phone line to call the front desk to ask about heat. Phone line...COMPLETELY DEAD, so BACK over to the office. The night clerk informed me that the hotel does not have individual climate heating/cooling units in each room. The heating and cooling is either completely turned on or off for the entire hotel and since it was only the beginning of November...the HEAT had't been turned on yet. This hotel does NOT disclose this fact anywhere on their webpage...nor do they inform you about this when you reserve a room.I told him I could not sleep in a room that was as cold as a refridgerator. He said they had some portable floor heaters available, but I would have to wait until the next day...they were already locked up for the night. Apparently, I only needed to sleep in a FREEZING room for one night...how convenient!After driving five hours and arriving at midnight to be given a cold room with no heat and no phone after I already paid more than $300, I was feeling quite frustrated. I asked the kid behind the desk to refund my payment so that I could go find another hotel. He said he couldn't do that and that I would have to come back the following day during regular business hours and talk to the General Manager. He then promptly informed me that he didn't care where I slept that night...and that our conversation about my cold , smokey room was FINISHED and that if I had any further requests or demands, he would be calling SECURITY on me. Oh yeah, CAN"T give me a warm room or my money back, but can throw security all over me.BOTTOM LINE:-SHITTY ROOM: COLD with NO heat. STRONG smoke smell. DEAD phone.-SHITTY CUSTOMER SERVICE and ATTITUDE: promising a room heater that I couldnt have until the next day. Failure to honor the breakfast package. UNWILLING to REFUND my money. APATHETIC about my displeasure with the room and the arrangements. I ended up staying at another hotel down the street and CRANKING the room heater up!DON'T DO IT...you'll be SORRY!
5	I completely enjoyed my five night stay here. The room was fine, and they have a free cocktail hour every evening that I liked. The pool is a bit warm without a deeper end.The location is great, 15 minutes from the airport and close to Old Town. gas station, Italian restaurant, variety liquor store, Starbucks nearby. They have a free internet to use. Their breakfast is not really free. It costs $7.00 extra a day. I did not eat it, but Jaxon's their own restaurant is okay. I recommend this place.
1	This place is a joke.  I asked for a room that wasn't on the side of the highway.  What room do I get, of course the highway side.  Not only can you hear the cars passing by but you can feel them.  The rooms are small, literally not designed for people 6 feet or taller.  The kitchen counters, breakfast bar and appliances are as tall as my knees.  The bathroom is super small, water is plumbed in backwards (hot is cold and cold is hot).  The televisions are over 15 years old, tube televisions with horrible viewing.  The cable cuts out every 2 minutes and goes to a blue screen.  Good luck trying to watch anything.  The Air conditioning barely works and after running for 4 hours started blowing warm air.  The toilet keeps flowing and you have to spend 10 minutes giggling the handle to get it to stop.  At one point I had to take the lid of and manual fix the seal myself.I have call BS on the so called gym.  They advertise that they have one and have photos displayed but they don't.  What they do is give you a pass to a hole in the wall gym 2 miles away from the resort.  The restaurant that's connected to the hotel is a total dive and  not worth the pricey meals they bill you for.I can't post photos from my phone on this app but when this week is over I will than willing to post them so my fellow Yelpers don't experience this situation.
4	I wanted to chime in because of the bizarre range of reviews here and on TripAdvisor. There are all-caps rants about maggots and some people are ready to move in permanently.While I was more interested in a decent location than luxury, I was scared off by some of the Bates-ian reviews of nearby properties. There's no glamour here. It looks like apartments from the outside. But it gets the job done. Although differing breakfast policies depending on how someone booked isn't the height of customer service, I'd rather go outside and get delicious tacos or burritos for breakfast anyway.Some odd pluses that won't matter to everyone: you can walk to Starbucks, and the laundry set-up is way better than at most hotels. You get an actual laundry room, not just one washer where might someone might leave clothes for an hour.It's a convenient location. If you're a mass-transit freak like me you can get free buses to Tempe or regular buses to Tempe and downtown Scottsdale. If you're driving it's only a few minutes to ASU, Old Town, the highway or Papago Park, with its botanical garden, zoo, trails and rocks.
3	From my point of view, this hotel deserves about 3.5 stars. Since Yelp does not allow assigning star ratings in half-star increments, I will have to settle for 3 stars. I have stayed at this hotel at least three times (and perhaps four; my memory fails me regarding an exact number...) since late 2007, and each stay was for at least.7 nights. For each of my stays, I reserved online via the hotel's own website; as is my practice, I never used any third-party booking services. All of my stays at this property have been fine, and each of them were totally trouble-free. Each of the non-smoking rooms that I had reserved, and that I was assigned, were a very good distance from the highway, and each room was spacious, immaculately clean, and totally free of problems -- I cannot even think of one issue to complain about. Best, each room that I reserved also had a small kitchenette-type area, with a fridge and some cooking facilities.Much as recent reviewer Josh B. noted, I too am amazed at the bizarre range of reviews, and particularly at some of the bizarre negative reviews, that I have noticed for this property on TripAdvisor and here on Yelp. My own experience with this property has only been great, even when I have needed, toward the end of a stay, to unexpectedly extend my stay by a few days in order to accomodate a change in plans; the property management folks at this hotel have always been very helpful and accomodating.All three of my stays happened to include free breakfast at the restaurant/pub facility located on the property. I found the breakfasts to be quite good. I also ate a few lunches and dinners in the pub/restaurant, and both the food and the service were quite good.The hotel is located on a moderately busy main highway in a pretty good section of town, and within short walking distance you can not only find a Starbucks and a large grocery store (I visited the grocery store regularly during each visit to purchase large jugs of spring water for my room, and also berries and fruit for snacks). Also within short walking distance are a wide variety of restaurants, ranging from mainstream American to Asian to Indian and vegan/vegetarian, for starters. I also found the WiFi service to be totally acceptable. BTW, there is even a laundry room located on premises, and guests can get tokens for use in the laundry room at the front desk.There is also a pool on premises, and interestingly (at least to me, since I NEVER use the pools at any hotels that offer them), the pool area was always crowded, primarily with families and older folks. I never ceased to be amazed, during any of my stays, at how busy the pool area was!If and when I might need to stay in the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe area again, I would surely choose to stay in tihs hotel once again!
