4	Great local-style Hawaiian grindz in Summerlin?   YUP!I've been loving the katsu from this place since they were at their original location on Sahara and Maryland Parkway.Everything that we have tried so far has been great.The Katsu is a perfect blend of juicy and crunchy and their katsu sauce is my absolute favorite.The Bar B Q beef is juicy and not dry.  Unlike other Hawaiian places, they don't need to compensate for mediocre food by over-marinating.  Other favorites include:- Portugese Sausage Musubi- BBQ Chicken Musubi- Curry Katsu - And of course, their Authentic Hawaiian cakes imported direct from Mike's Bake Shop in Waianae!! ! They don't always have the cakes, but when they do, you had better grab one.  As a matter of fact, we have a fresh Dobash in the fridge right now and I hear the milk just calling my name.  I'll get back to you guys later.
5	Off the beaten path of the Vegas strip lays this cute and delicious Hawaiian BBQ place in Summerlin! Their chicken katsu is one of the best ones I've had by far. The katsu had the perfect combination of crunchiness to juiciness. Their grilled chicken had excellent flavor. Don't forget to pick up some dessert! The Chantilly Coco Puffs are a must.Excellent food, SUPERB prices & awesome staff, what more could you ask for!?!?!?
5	It was Thanksgiving Day my gf and I were starving!! =( We stumble upon this aloha island restaurant that made this cold weather feel more snuggly! I was really surprised how fresh the food was Thanksgiving Day. I'd fly back for some more macaroni if I can!  Chicken katsu was too delicious! Definitely a fan of this place and they were really clean and accommodating to all my questions about how to food was prepared.The place gets a little bit busy sometimes but its well worth the wait. I would definitely come back to visit whenever I am in town again.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place, I just love going here.  my favorite items are the Chicken Katsu(best sauce in town), teri beef, loco-moco, grilled Mahi, and mac salad of course.  And not only is the food excellent, the staff is super friendly.  Many times I come in by myself, and they always manage to take the time to talk to me and make me feel like family...
4	Like others have said, great hawaiian grindz in Summerlin.  Like most places like this it's cheap and you get a ton of food.  The katsu is what I get probably 2/3 of the time or the chicken combo with katsu and BBQ chicken.  The mixed BBQ plate is solid of course too.  I have eaten at a half a dozen or so hawaiian places while I was looking around for a good one and this is it, I can't really imagine what a place could do to be better, maybe just as good I guess.  Once in a while I venture out and try a new place and I am usually disappointed.
4	CHICKEN KATSU! im giving this place a four stars cause of the katsu. Thats the only thing i got here so far!! lol but the chicken katsu is super soft and yummy! better than l&l and aloha kitchens.. Good job!i live like 5 min from this place so i should try out other things from here:] i will be back.
5	I love this place! Today I called in an order because I knew I would pass this on my way home. When I got there the cashier was apologizing about the short ribs ...he said some looked a little small. When I looked at it I was like OMG! this is more than enough for me. I can't even finish it ...and believe me I tried. I just found out they can customize combos for you which is great on days like today where I didn't know what to have ..chicken or beef? It was so good and most important the rice and the macaroni salad tasted just right. The macaroni salad also comes with the combo. Even though L & L is much closer to me I prefer this place because of the great service, the food tastes better and you get bigger portions.I also like that they have a variety of different desserts to choose from on a daily basis.
3	Tried this place out since it got a good review...ehh overall it was okay. I ordered the Shaka Box which had a slice of spam, teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and a mahi mahi. The amount of food was a lot, so of course I couldn't finish it (leftovers for work). The place is small so if you have a big group of people order take out. Prices are not bad at all for the amount of food you get. The combo I got was only $7.95. The spam musubi was $2.15 for one, which is a big size for a spam musubi. However, it was ridiculously packed with too much rice. Yes I know it's suppose to be like that but seriously you couldn't really taste the spam.
4	The spam and eggs with the sausage and gravy was really good. The chicken katsu plate was huge. The portion size was awesome. Over all I had a good experience. I would definitely go again. And again.
4	Service is accurate, fast and friendly. The garlic shrimp is one of the best I ever tasted! My family loves the kalua pig and kalbi. The Mac salad is soooo Ono! Price is about the same as the rest of the Hawaiian places. Small seating area, so be sure to claim a table quickly
3	I had the loco moco ( rice , egg ,hamburger patty an brown gravy) it also came with mac salad.  The burger patty tasted homemade very good . The gravy was also v good.  I also had a spam musubi it was solid .  Everything was good  but did not blow me away  . If I was in the area would not hesitate to stop by.
5	Hands down the best Chicken Katsu in Las Vegas! The Katsu sauce is really what makes it even better! Their portions here are big so it is well worth your money that you pay for it! Since I moved here from Hawaii 7 yrs ago, I was always craving plate lunches like at L&L and was glad to find one here, but I was really disappointed with the food there. It was overpriced and greasy....I'll write a review on that one later! We stumbled upon this place when I was working at Smoothie King across the street, my parents were waiting for me to get off work and ate there, of course getting me a Katsu Plate to go. I was a regular there quite frequently. Some of my other favorites was the Mahi Mahi plate, Loco Moco, Teriyaki Chicken Burger, Katsu Curry (Chicken Katsu plate with Curry on top), and Teri Chicken plate! They served Poke here once in a while and the Chantilly Cocoa Puffs too!! Its sad to say that they have closed down on December 24, 2010. But they said if things get better, they may open up again! It was a good run while it lasted....now where the heck am I supposed to get bomb Katsu????
