4	I was a bit skeptical about this place when it first opened up, but when my normal oil change place fell through on me this place came to my rescue.  Pretty much drive in, you wait in your car while it get serviced so you don't have to get out at all.  They do offer you snacks and refreshments.  I was still freaked out that someone was working on my car while I was still inside of it, maybe I thought I would accidentally hit the gas and hurt someone [ so no refreshments for me ].  Overall my stay there was about 10min - they had me fixed up and going in no time.  Will I come back?  Probably.  I will probably not wait until the final hour of my oil to change it though - just one of those things that is important to keep up with since we depend on our vehicles a lot to make it through the day.
1	Terrible experience, it doesn't even deserve one star. It took them 45 minutes to just change my oil and it cost over double the price of the normal place I use. They had poor customer service and one Employee was complaining the entire time that he just wanted to "take a break so he could eat his biscuit." That is not something a customer wants to hear who is waiting 40 minutes over the quoted time. While we were waiting there were 6 other cars that had their oil changed before us... There was a "rookie" working on our car and I am very worried about the quality of work. Definitely don't go here if you want quick quality work.
2	Paid around $48 for a high-mileage oil change, not even with synthetic. That was after an $8 coupon! All three lanes were open with only a car or two in each and I still had to wait fifteen minutes, so it's more like Take 30 Oil Change after everything is done.The mechanic was pretty spacey, I started getting nervous when he started poking around at my engine. He offered me a drink, which I read on the sign outside, was included. Cool, whatever, I thought, I'll get a can of soda while I'm waiting. Nope, he comes back with a small paper cup of soda, like the kind of cup you used for your fluoride mouthwash in elementary school. I was hoping to get a cool quick lube experience like a place out in LA I would go to, but this place is a joke.
3	An oil change that takes five minutes and I don't leave my car? A little awkward but I will gladly pay a tiny bit more for this convenience. I had budgeted my whole one hour lunch break for an oil change before an out of town trip. I was in and out in less than five minutes. Would I pay less with my regular guy? Yes. However, for a place around the corner from my office this place could be a good every once and a while for a stop.
5	I've taken both of my vehicles here several times and have always been pleased with the service. The manager even fixed a stripped out oil pan plug AT NO EXTRA CHARGE! Great place!
4	Good customer service.  Speedy oil change.
5	In and out in about 20 minutes! I know it's called Take 5, but my car had some...let's say...issues. So 20 minutes was great as far as I was concerned. Nathan and Anthony were great to hang out with while I sat in my car getting the oil changed. They provided me great customer service and a few good laughs.I was really surprised that they will top off your oil between changes for free. BONUS!
2	This one is a mixed bag.  They were very friendly, and offered a free soda or coffee while I sat in the car while they did the oil change.  My truck takes 15 quarts of oil, and I only use full synthetic, and this was the most expensive oil change I've ever had by a good $25.  It was over $90.They checked and topped off fluids, which was nice.  However, I specifically asked them if the wiper blades needed to be replaced, they looked at them and said they were fine.  A few weeks later when they weren't working well in a storm, I checked them myself, and they were dried and cracked to the point that they were separating from the wiper arm.I would not use them again.
5	I was in Charlotte for business and I use the Take 5 in Greensboro regularly, so I thought I would give this one a try.  Tyler and Nathan were the two guys working on my car and they were awesome.  The guys gave me the same quality service and work that I get at my hometown location.
1	Absolutely the worst place, If you are trying to loose your ride take it her. My wife took my Passat for oil change for the past 9 month!!! When she found they refill the synthetic for the of the service...!!!! Right? Sounds like great deal... Not knowing they are using recycled oil or something... I found out when my Passat had starting making noise and the engine starting making loud noise!!! The oil change did not last 100 miles!!! The oil that the dealer showed me was black dark, thick and dirty. Now why after 100 mile from an oil change do I see a synthetic oil as dark as tar... Save money and your car. Never would I bring my cars to this place.
5	I was very pleased with the service I received today. When I first pulled in I was greeted by a young gentleman. As I was directed into the garage they than began to "educated" me on the different oils and what would best work with my mileage/car. I was pleased that they didn't push me to buy anything but rather suggested things I might need at my next oil change. I will be recommending there services to friends and family and will be returning for my next oil change.
