3	First off, the map shows this Marriott in the wrong location.  Look it up on Google Maps or something else.Next, it's a nice place; nice rooms, etc.  One of the better places you could stay at.However, if you need a good Internet connection, this is not a good choice.  I couldn't even get speedtest.net to come up, it's always so slow.  For work, I have to upload big files at the end of the day, so this is a must for me.  And in today's world, this is just such a no-no.  I mean, really?  Is this just an oversight?  Or do they know about it and not care?  Don't they realize that people need fast connections and that they'll lose customers because of it?This will stop me from ever coming back.  Shame on you, Marriott.Other than that, there are a lot of restaurants around the hotel AND A MOVIE THEATRE...so that's an added bonus to staying here.  So this place has some pros & cons.
4	Nice room, but kind of far from downtown during rush hours.  If you want a place near the airport, this is a nice place to stay.  This is not a place to walk around.  There is no neighbornood to speak of.  Parking is free.
4	This is one of the better Courtyard Marriots I have visited.  This property is located near the airport and is good if you are there to visit one of the businesses located nearby.  For the business traveler, this hotel has everything one typically looks for - friendly and efficient staff, clean and quiet rooms, comfortable beds, snack store, free parking, a good internet connection, fitness room and a restaurant that serves a decent breakfast. (I only ate breakfast in the hotel).  It was also located fairly close to the freeway onramps.Having stayed at many Courtyards in North America, this one stood out because of the breakfast options.  They have a egg station, allowing diners to order eggs/omelets.  Fresh fruit and a wide variety of meats, yogurts, cereals, pastires, breads, and hot food items were also a plus.  Throughout my four day visit I found the staff to be attentive, courteous and friendly.  The hotel is laid out in such a way that everything is a fairly short walk away.  No issues with noise, either from inside or outside the property.I wouldn't recommend this location for tourists using this as their home base to visit Montreal, however, as it is quite a distance from the city proper.  There are a couple of businesses nearby - drugstore, movie theatre, restaurants, banks, but nothing in the immediate vicinity.  If you have a car, many places are less than 5 minutes away.
4	mostly very quiet which was great. Honestly I noticed it was not immaculate but maybe hoping for that in a hotel room is unrealistic. I liked the coffee you make in the room. The room is attractive. Water pressure was good. THey recommended ordering pizza pizza which was very awful, overpriced and they provide not plates or even enough dressing for your large salad. I guess if you order just the special price pizza it is a bargain but not a tasty meal. Internet is really slow. If you want to be mostly in montreal this is at least an extra 30 minutes a day of driving and not a  scenic neighborhood.
1	Yul Restaurant is ideal for the invisible dinner as you'll seldom be noticed. You may spend a great deal if time updating your FB page or Yelp. Imagine a delicious looking Ravioli. Then notice the outside edges of the noddles are dis colored and hard. Cold :(You'd think an offer of fresh ground pepper, or graded cheese would be offered. Nope.
