3	I love this location! They have alot of great treasures..and for only a dollar! They have great snacks in the freezer section such as Hot Pockets,Jalapeno Cheese Poppers, Ice Cream, Veggies, Half & Half Etc... Great candy selection almost any candy you could think of. You name it they have it..cleaning supplies, food, personal care,party item's, and holiday stuff. There's only one employee I like here hes a middle aged chubby guy hes awesome and has a great personality all the other employees obviously hate their jobs and definitely show it.
4	Whenever I get the impression of a dollar store, I don't often think there is a lot of stuff I would buy as I think in my head it's all janky imitation items that aren't any quality but exist for the super thrift who need a good value. I rather pay for a decent item than its cheap cousin which will break in a moment. I went in and to my surprise there is some good stuff mixed in with the busted. The biggest prize for me is pet toys. I have a stuffie killer and one who sucks on tug ropes and makes them so slimy. My cats fishing pole toys often suffer a piranha attack- either my cat or one of my pugs will be so proud they bit the line through like an asshat. I tried getting them nice toys, chew resistant toys and it's a load of crap for these voracious monstors. Whether it's a nice toy or not, it's going to get busted and thrown away pretty fast in this house. Can't ever have nice things! I found some stuffies, ropes, cat stuffies and cat fishing pole. At $1, can't really be mad they had a few hours of entertainment destroying things. My cat has an obsession with bendy straws so I got him large packs of them and I just thew them in a pile in his room (yeah, our cat has a bedroom-don't laugh at me!) and he is currently bug eyed at the wonderment.I found random things that are useful like a lot of tupperware (including brand name ones) and plastic organizers. I do need to get my toiletries and craft items into some sort of order and really do I want to spend a ton to just stack things in a bathroom cabinet or keep all my tiny beads and baubles in order?They do holiday decor so it's worth coming here first before going off to a party store. I saw some garlands, streamers and ornaments that are actually pretty cute. I grabbed a few cookie tins and packs of cello as I'm making cookies for my dog group. A holla for the dolla' store!
1	This is a NOISY, DIRTY UN-FRIENDLY store! Sure it has all the same items every other Dollar Tree has, but the "cheap" isn't worth it! Long lines, surly staff always clogged with boxes and trash and it takes too much of my time and energy dealing with it all! i live within walking distance of this store-i have "switched" to a Dollar Tree i must drive to because it is CLEAN, CALM and the staff are really NICE. No longcheck-out lines and i find everything i need/want, without "attitude" and filth.
1	After waiting in line for some time I left my items and left.  One customer was waited on during this time.  There was a problem and the cashier just kept hitting the same button over and over.  Never mind she should ask for help as there were 5 of  us in line.  Other cashier tried to help, which stop her from serving the other  customers in her long line.  What I don't understand, it is the dollar store, what could be the problem, is it all 1.00.To many dollar type stores in town to deal with such horrible service
2	This dollar store is pretty... Gross.  I mean, I never have too high of expectations going into a dollar store, but this one managed to skeeve me out just walking in. Don't get me wrong, their selection is fine and we got a bunch of really convenient cheap items here. The other reviews seem to point out how great it is that everything is cheap... And yes, if I was rating this on how much I love the value at dollar stores, it would be higher. You can definitely find good things at this location, but the cleanliness here is pretty bad. It always looks like there was just a party thrown or something, cause random garbage is around. You can see into some stock areas in the front which literally look like someone opened a door into their chaotic random stuff basement. The one girl we deal with at the register is friendly enough, and she wraps our fragile stuff in newspaper which I REALLY appreciate. As a store however, a 2 stars describes my feelings. There are many cleaner looking dollar stores out there.
3	Sometimes you get what you pay for, other times you get a steal of a deal- really just depends on what you buy. Generally, steer clear of electronics and know that most foods are subpar quality. Props to them for having a teacher supply section, hit it up today for some last-minute stuff I didn't want to spend more on elsewhere- they have everything from school supplies (cheaper at office supply stores during back to school sales), general office supplies, posters and stickers and small prizes for good behavior galore.Can reliably count on this chain to have holiday supplies out months in advance- great for those who plan ahead. At the beginning of August, they've already surpassed Halloween supplies to stock Thanksgiving stuff!As at most locations, this one isn't the cleanest and the clientele can be sketchy at times, but the staff have been friendly and helpful each time I've been. This one has a frozen food section as well as a more extensive cleaning-product section compared to other locations.
2	I have been to this Dollar Tree location on a number of occasions and I have to admit it's one of my least favorites in town. They rarely have a good selection and more often than not I walk out empty handed.
