4	I am sure everything Pierre has stated is true however I do know somebody who lives in these lofts and they are incredible! They remind me of something out of New York and although there may be a "parking situation" there are museums, restaurants, bars, chase field, and the stadium all within WALKING DISTANCE. Sometimes you have to take the good with the bad and when did walking ever hurt anyone? Are people who live in Arizona really that lazy?
5	The Orpheum Lofts are just a terrific place to live.  It's a relatively unique experience for Phoenix, although you could find lofts like this in most other major cities in the US.The building is an Art Deco office building built in the 30's.  Other than the gorgeous original lobby and exterior, everything else is new.  Now it sells and rents far below replacement cost due to the crash.The units themselves have high cement ceilings, exposed pipes and conduits, exposed venting.  The original warm crumbling brick exterior walls and original windows give it a warmth and light that is just unique in Phoenix.  Most units have tile and granite througout, with kind of a modern/retro theme going.  Very few people see the units and don't love/covet living in them.Add a basement pool with swim jets, giant exercise room with equipment, steam room AND sauna, as well as a large rec/party room with full size pool table, and it's pretty cool.  A central desert courtyard is a great place to enjoy coffee and a book, nicely quiet amid downtown.  Guards operate about half the time, and a very secure system protects the building.Light rail goes right along the front.  Dozens of great restaurants are within a quarter mile, not to mention walking to every weekend shows, events, games.  It's relatively dead on the weekends compared to the week, yet at any point from the corner you will see a dozen people.  The restaurants are generally busy as well.  Two negatives - HOA dues are high.  They weren't when these were $600k units, but now that they are closer to $100k, they appear high to most folks.  It takes a lot of cost to maintain such a cool older building, guards, pool, etc.  But they include a lot of extras like high-speed internet, Direct TV, etc.  The HOA is extremely healthy, unlike others, so there is a chance HOA fees go down, but they have always been the biggest negative.Second is parking.  There is no parking garage that goes with your unit.  A group of owners have recently bought the lot next door, and operate it primarily as a set of nice parking spots for the owners of the lot, but they have plans to rent out space more widely.  If you buy you can likely buy one of the spots, possibly rent.  But most people prefer to park about 100 feet from the entrance in a downtown building lot with 24 hour security, for $75 per month per car.  You walk a bit farther but it's nice to have a fully enclosed set of parking.So it's not cheap.  But the urban living, downtown retro loft vibe is near priceless, and the Orpheum lofts is absolutely the coolest place to live downtown, versus the "Marriott hotel room" look and feel condo buildings around it.  Take a look if you are in the market to buy or rent.
