3	Think of a Chioptle restaurant but all grown up.  Standard Mexican drinks and food.   The interior is clean and simple but almost stark.  The same goes for the nice big patio.It's next door to the Dilly Dally so it's gonna be hard for me to wait 5+ min for a beer when the Dally serves then up in 30 seconds.---Please note: they had the SHITTIEST music I have ever heard.  I swear they were playing an entire album by Le Bebarge or maybe it was the soundtrack from Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo.   Holy crap was it bad!
4	Don't miss the 1/2 price appetizers thru today, 3.22. Guacamole and salsa has a refreshing kick. Guacamole definitely surpasses quality of typical fare at local restaurants. Fish tacos (2) are a deal and tasty. Tortillas melt in your mouth. Service attentive but bar slowing the pace. Nice upscale feel without being stuffy. What a great addition to the neighborhood!
3	There is potential here however there are certainly a number of kinks to work out.A couple of quick notes:Great seating options (chef's table, six-tops, patio, booths etc.)Cool wood work/beam type ceilings.Nice size portions (I split a chick salad and it was plenty for 2 girls), reasonably priced food and varied menu selections.  Also has a late-night menu (10-1am)Service staff could use a little more knowledge/urgency.No Cuervo gold tequila available for margs and were out of ale on tap.They need to rethink the music.Need a focal point out on the patio (it's a little dull out there)Overall, happy to have another option in the neighborhood.Will give it another try soon!
3	I LOVE THEIR SIGN!  it stands out in that shopping center. I have been here twice and I have to say I really like the interior.  I especially like wood ceiling and the seating... so many options.  I sat with a group of 14 around the super huge square table and also sat at one of the marble high tables in the bar area as well.  Yeah... music needs some work.  I was thinking about dropping off a CD for the manager  Service needs work, but it is a new restaurant (though I didn't like hearing about how it would take 20 minutes to split a check).  I'll give them a little leniency with a 3 star since they are new.  Now how about the food? The mac & cheese is yummy, chicken enchiladas, and I like the mixture of chips corn and light/crispy flour!  Quesadilla is average.  I asked for sliced jalapeno and got their rendition which is regular canned and then tastes like they are soaked in sweet pickle juice.... didn't care for those.  I am happy they have a late night menu so we have more late night options in the area.
1	We dined at Corona Cantina with friends last night based on a recommendation from other friends who had been there for drinks and a couple appetizers.  We should have done the same.  The restaurant is a pleasant surprise considering the center it's located in is in need of a facelift.  The evening started off fine, although our waiter didn't visit our table often.  The appetizers weren't amazing, but were good.  But here's where things went downhill FAST.  We waited an hour and a half from the time we ordered dinner until our meal arrived and our waiter visited our table once during that time, he didn't even check to see if we needed another round of drinks.  We were patient because they're a new restaurant and we were catching up with friends.  Two of the people in our party ordered the "Diablo Burger", another the chimichanga, and I ordered the chicken fajitas.  When the food finally arrived, we all started laughing.  Although I rarely eat fast food, the burgers AND fries looked exactly like what you would order at any fast food joint, but not the good kind.  They obviously had been sitting out a long time and were like eating rocks.  On top of that they were missing three of the toppings described in the menu and they were not the promised 1/2 pound burger that was described.  The chimichanga looked like it has all life sucked out of it, had barely any meat inside of it, and had no flavor.  The fajitas were sparse and flavorless.  But let's get to the BEST part...we couldn't stop talking about how bad this meal was after we left (we literally had bets on which fast food restaurant they bought the burgers at), so when we all got back to our house, my husband (an attorney) called the restaurant and got the manager on the phone to admit that half of their kitchen staff was absent and that they had bought the burgers elsewhere.  At first we were elated that the manager actually admitted it and than furious that we all paid $11-$15 dollars for meals that were probably worth $4.  The manager said that the next time we came in he would "take care of us," but I don't think someone could pay us to go back to this place.  This restaurant lacks integrity.  I would have appreciated them a lot more had the manager come over to our table and told us after our appetizers that they were experiencing problems in the kitchen and they wouldn't be able to fulfill entree orders, but gave us coupons for a future visit or credited one of the appetizers on the bill.  Instead they lied to us, made us wait, and overcharged us for horrible fast food.  I would avoid this restaurant because they clearly don't have the appropriate management in place to deal with problems and who knows who was in their kitchen cooking last night to cover the missing staff.  I'm just praying we don't get sick...
3	Good food, massive portions, but the atmosohere is rather like a sports bar than an authentic Mexican restaurant.
4	Contrary to other reviews, our experience was pretty darn good. The place is more like a Vig than a Chuys, and was mostly empty except for a few bar flies watching some inane Australian sport on the tv. We were seated promptly by a friendly hostess and visited immediately by our waitress who brought back good margaritas, a draft XX lager,and some fine seltzer water for moi. Chips and salsa were ok to poor, the salsa did not have any distinction and the chips were a bit confusing --I'll say poor because they were $3. For $3, you should get Z Tejas or Sam's Cafe quality chips and salsa. Our entrees were superb. I had the fish tacos with halibut which was moist and tender on the inside, and crunchy on the outside, and had the ubiquitous cabbage and pico with some kind of avocado(?) dressing. The pico had a nice zing to it with roasted jalapenos. Everyone at the table loved the beans. Re-fried but not destroyed and with a peppery bite that we all liked. The rice was a bit ketchuppy. Mrs. G had a burro with some tasty pork, another in our party had enchiladas which were good and we also had a chimi which was very good. The kids chewed on a cheese crisp, and since both families had coupons, our bill was very reasonable. We will be back.
2	They are TRYING here with live music and stiff drinks, plus good service. However, chips cooked in rancid grease should make the whole kitchen wake up.
3	Well less than a month after it's grand opening and less than a week after sending out a bunch of Buy One Get One Free entree coupons in the mail (which I didn't even get to USE), Corona Cantina is closing to make way for another Zipps.Can't say I'm too disappointed. I LOVE Zipps wings and wouldn't mind another sports bar in the area. It just boggles my mind that they would go through all the trouble open a restaurant only to close weeks later.
