4	Looking for an alternative to your regular exercise routine? Look no further than Flywheel Sports!Dion L., Simone M. & I took in the flywheel class today at 9:45 AM, which had a 90's music theme. Although Simone & I were quite disappointed there was no 90s hip-hop, we all were familiar with the 90s tunes that were played.  Word of caution...get there early! You need to be on your bike, locked in, & ready to go when class starts.  Who knew there were special shoes for such an outing?! However, if you don't know exactly how to lock those shoes in place, there are folks there to assist. The room has 30+ stationary flywheel bikes in it & while space is tight, you don't feel crampt. Also, when class starts, all the lights are off, except for a small spotlight on the teacher. Flat screen TV boards show your progress (should you choose to participate in that).For 45 minutes, you pedal up imaginary hills by raising your torque on the bike. Jenna (our teacher), constantly shouted out commands over the booming music, so you knew exactly what to do & when to do it.  Additionally, there are bars which you incorporate into the workout, so not only are your legs getting a workout, your arms are, too.Flywheel Sports also has a FlyBarre class.The facility is really nice. When you walk in, you're greeted by the staff & check-in. If you haven't already signed up for a class online & chosen your bike, these folks help you out with that.  Everyone we encountered today was really nice.They have a retail area, showers, lockers, & restrooms for you to use. The place is very clean & has a very hip/modern feel to it. They also have a bowl of apples & bananas in the reception area (free to partake), so pick up a fruit on your way out.One last note: this place is pretty expensive...so if money isn't an object & you enjoy cycling, by all means, become a member!
4	Flywheel is snazzy. I have tried barre and spin glass. This place is clean and polished. What an amazing work out, lockers, ample restrooms, free fruit, great instructors....but all this comes at a price. While your first class is free individual classes are $25 after that. Seriously? I had challenging workouts and engaged instructors (not to mention free towels) but ouch. And not just ouch from my sore arms. You can buy packages to bring the cost down and I heard college students can pay $15 but at that price this can't be an impulse workout after work.
5	I am in LOVE with Flywheel. Background on me: Former high school soccer player turned runner who has had a million injuries over the last 12 years and needed another intense form of cardiovascular exercise to balance the running. As a member of the local YMCA, I am one of the early-birds there. I ended up trying Flywheel because of Denise Duffy, our long-time cycle instructor at the Y who went to teach at Flywheel, and she has brought so many of us over to Flywheel for our cycling workouts (because she's an amazing instructor anyway).Flywheel is a state-of-the-art cycle studio with stadium style seating in a dark room where the instructor is under a spotlight in the front. You can choose to participate in the 'torq board' which lets you race against other cyclists, or you don't have to. Your work level is based on RPM, torq and power output and it's amazing to see how you progress from class to class -- the best part is you can track this online through your account including how many calories you burn! Music is great and the entire class is fun and energetic -- plus appropriate for novice or pro-athelete alike.EVERY instructor there is incredible -- I can't say that about any other fitness studio I have ever been to -- and I know I'll get a great workout every time. Also worth trying is Flybarre, the barre-based strength class. I have been to a handful of these and I am sore every time! They are also fun and high-energy. Flywheel is a clean, beautiful space with free lockers, showers, towels, fruit and coffee, and cycle shoes are provided. Definitely get there early to be ready to go for class. Charlotte needed a quality fitness facility that offers the latest in fitness technology and standards, and this is it.AND - your first ride is always free. Can't beat that.
4	Bonus! Classes are *only* $18 now. Price drop alert.
4	I signed up with a friend to try three flywheel classes and one flybarre class for free. I went to the barre class first and was not in live. The room is positioned so that you are really close to classmates, and I was afraid I was going to kick my friend in the face!I was bummed as I have been looking for a barre studio since I moved back to Charlotte. However, I went back on Monday for a flywheel class, and it was AMAZING! The staff were very helpful in positioning the bike correctly, helping me clip in with my cycling shoes, and even providing a seat cushion. I was a nervous beginner, but the other people in class were so friendly and encouraging. My instructor Denise was really high-energy and had a playlist that really helped me push myself. She gave me positive encouragement in a way that made me feel noticed, but not singled out. The spin class was absolutely excellent. I cannot wait to go back, and I even bought a package because right now 10 class packages are buy one, get one free! Can't beat that!
5	I'm a relative newcomer to Flywheel, but I'm totally hooked. I don't have very much spinning or cycling experience, but there's always someone willing to help me get my bike set up to fit my body. This workout is intense - in 45 minutes, I've burned between 750 and 820 calories each time. The music is loud and some people are really advanced / intense, but the room is dark so you can focus on your own performance if you prefer.The studio is clean and, given how sweaty people get, smells good and fresh. I forgot a water bottle one time and the women at the counter gave me one for free - thank goodness they did or I would have passed out! Everyone I've encountered who works here is friendly, welcoming, and helpful -- truly appreciated by a novice like me.
3	It is what it is. I went to try it since I heard buzz on it and I'd rather save my money and time and go to the Y. The instructors are nice, helpful, and motivating but so are almost all instructors everywhere. It is nice and a plus that they provide spinning shoes for you when you go however, for most people there that were there and serious about spinning all had their own shoes. Being from Miami, we'd call this a 'Pinecrest mom' type place, for Charlotte its a what 'Dilworth/Myers Park/Providence mom' type thing. I get the boutique spinning vibe going on but it's not worth the money to me. Take you first time visit for what its worth and hit the Y.
5	I am seriously obsessed with Flywheel. The instructors are great, they keep you motivated when all you want to do is slow down and coast. But there's no coasting at Flywheel because the music also keeps you pumped. I've been doing this for a while and keep coming back for more. It's a wonderfully intense workout. Beginners and advanced cyclists are all challenged. Give it a try - THE FIRST ONE IS FREE!!
3	If Derek Zoolander was a Spin Class, this would be it.  I went for a class this morning, having taken many spin classes at the Y, but found myself very out of place.  I was not expecting to be strapped to my bike via my shoes (which resulted in disastrous hilarity later), and after one of the folks working there adjusted my bike for me, I realized quickly that it was incorrect.  While I tried to fix it myself, I couldn't get myself off the bike and nearly toppled over trying to do it while still hopelessly locked in.  Then the lights went down (again, not what I was expecting) and the music blasted and an instructor who looked like his name should be Chad started the class, dramatically lit...fitting with the whole Zoolander vibe.  I did my best to keep up but I was barely touching my handlebar with my fingertips so I wasn't able to do a whole lot more than balance myself and not fall down.  I'm not deducting for the quality of my ride because I know that was completely due to the improperly adjusted bike.I did enjoy the incorporation of arm workouts in the class, giving a whole-body workout element to what typically is legs and cardio.  I did however find the plasma monitors ranking the participants to be a bit pretentious.If you are looking for a fancy pants workout to feel super trendy, then this place if for you.  If you want a solid spin class that won't make you feel like you should have popped some molly before entering the room, save some money and stick with the Y or other alternatives.
5	Best decision I've ever made was to join flywheel. The instructors are awesome - fun, down to earth, supportive, and accessible. There are classes throughout the day, 7 days a week. Makes the 45 minute cardio task fly by and whips you into shape in no time. Could not be more emphatic about my recommendation - for both men and women, all ages!
5	It's going to be difficult to not ramble on forever about how much I adore Flywheel Charlotte. I am a single girl in my early twenties (college senior) who was out of shape and who was unaware of my athletic potential. The second I stepped foot into Flywheel Sports Charlotte, I knew that this was the facility for me.Perhaps my favorite element of the Flywheel experience is the booking system. I'm the crazy type A client who plans out my week in advance and sits at the computer the second the booking window opens to secure my preferred classes and bike (#34, what's up....) I love that I can choose the who, what and where of my classes. Every teacher is amazing. I've never had a bad class. I have to give a special shout out to Matt, Jenna, Meghan, Zach, and Adam who I see every week. Denise, Jen, Steve, Miki and Sarah are also phenomenal and I try to visit their classes as much as I can. From the second you enter the lobby to the minute you sit on the bike, all of the details are perfectly taken care of by the extremely helpful staff. Your shoes are sitting in a cubby for you. There's filtered water, bobby pins, hair ties, fruit, deodorant... everything you could possibly need before or after an intense workout. And it's all complimentary. People are there to help you get settled onto the bike and "clip in" to the pedals which intensifies the workout.Okay. I'm definitely rambling. Long story short - about 8 months after my first class, I've lost about 15 pounds, 12+ inches off my entire body, and I ENJOY going to exercise. My teachers push me to my absolute limits and they make things FUN for me. The clientele of this facility could not be more personable. The "fly fam" is another reason why I keep going back to Flywheel. Not only are the teachers amazing but my fellow classmates are too. The Flybarre method is also incredibly effective and the instructors are top notch. I've tried other barre studios and I like the diversity in the Flybarre method. My favorite element of class is "Dynamic Arms" - although not the toughest part of class physically, it is hard because you are working out arms while dancing. The routine changes every 3 weeks which keeps things fresh.Well, I knew I would type a ton but it just shows the passion that I have towards Flywheel Charlotte. If you make the commitment to go, you will see results. First class is free, you have nothing to lose but weight and inches.
4	One day a girl recommend my roommate an I join her and her roommate for a spin class. We decide to go with it because were getting into working out and being active. We took a class with Meagan and she was awesome. She did an awesome job keeping up the momentum even though I couldn't always keep up lol. I was just a little uncomfortable on the seat, one of the employees gave me an extra seat cushion and it was ripped so it didn't cover it completely. That was a bummer. The seat was a little small for me but that's not something they could help. Will be back.
5	My husband & I love it at FlyWheel. He exclusively rides, but I mix up my rides with barre classes. Instructors are all fabulous & motivating. Many of them take the time to get to know you, which makes me feel welcome every time I walk in the door. Music is always upbeat, with perfectly choreographed rides & pulses. Towels are available. Fully stocked showers are available (although they could use more than two showers during peak times). Staff will help you set up your bike, especially if you're new. (If you're new to indoor cycle, use a gel seat pad and prepare for the seat to be uncomfortable while your body adjusts.)Instructors are very active on social media and will gladly take song requests.Being able to reserve a bike or mat in advance is convenient & keeps me accountable.The price point is going to keep some people away, and I often wear earplugs since the music volume can get to be too much for me. But other than those two minor issues, I highly recommend FlyWheel & FlyBarre for upscale, enjoyable & challenging workout options in Charlotte.
5	If someone told me six months ago how much I would love riding a stationary bike, I would've thought they were crazy. Riding a bike sounds terrible... let alone one that doesn't go anywhere. Wow, was I wrong.I came to my first class here about a month or so ago. I was a little scared and intimidated about it all. The people here are sooooo friendly. A worker immediately took me to my bike, made all the necessary adjustments and talked me through everything. Okay, I feel a little bit better now. Don't mind me. I'm just over here pedaling like I'm on a Sunday stroll.If you've taken a traditional cycle class, this is like that only times a thousand. Or a million. I dunno, I'm a writer. Not great with the numbers. #mathDon't want anyone to see you? No fear, the room is pretty dark. The instructors rock a headset... channeling their inner Brittney. A great team here. They really push you hard and keep you motivated. Ladies, there's also a little bit of eye candy. Hello nurse. The music is awesome. If my feet weren't strapped into pedals, I'd probably dance. Club dance, not like stripper dance. They also break out some special theme classes. Super fun. Glow ride, Pearl Jame, 80s, etc. They also offer Flybarre classes here. No bike. Yoga mats, weights, dance bar, bands, balls, etc. These classes work every part of your body. You'll wake up the next day with muscles hurting that you didn't even realize existed. BONUS: You can reserve bikes and mats online ahead of time. This is great. Some fitness places you have to arrive 30 minutes early to get a spot. Some of the classes during peak times can fill up quickly, so sign up when they open registration on Sundays.Another thing I love about this place (along with the fact it's clean, they have secure lockers and awesome Flywheel clothing/merchandise), is you can track your progress with each class. See how many miles you did, power level, calories burned. average speed. Flywheel and team... I'm a huge fan.
5	Love this place! I have tried several different places in charlotte (Madabolic, Crossfit, Regular Cycling, Charlotte Athletic Club)  and this one takes the cake. I love to work out, but really need a teacher/competitive vibe to motivate me. This club has it all. I was offered a free FlyWheel class & FlyBarre before making a membership decision and loved being able to try both before splurging on the commitment. I chose to start with a FlyWheel class and initially was a bit intimidated, I have done several cycling classes at the Y but from what I heard - this would be a totally new experience. Upon getting to my bike and helpful employee aided me into my shoes and onto my bike adjusting it for me and leaving me to do nothing but get excited. I made a rookie mistake and offered to put my name on the "Tork Board" (sp?)...though it made me nervous to have everyone see how hard/fast I was riding I loved the competitive edge it gave me. I HIGHLY doubt I would have burned 700+ calories on my first ride without it. By the end my legs were shaking and I could barely  breathe, but totally worth the way I felt the next day. The bar arm workout was also a nice touch and made it feel more full body than just legs. Really enjoyed it.Next up: FlyBarre. Now this is more my style of a workout. I love traditional bootcamp classes but really hate cardio for the most part. This one had a nice mix of weight training (1-4 lb weights) and using your own body weight as resistance. I'm not lying when I say this, everyone...and I mean everyone in my class was in great shape and had fantastic arms. And after the class I can absolutely see why. The first half of the class is arms and legs and then goes into a dance number. Luckily I came for the 1st week of the week choreography so I wasn't too lost. It was fun and gave a nice little break after nearly dying during the thigh workout. They are not kidding when they say you will shake...I would point I was shaking so bad I thought the teacher was going to make me take a breather. Not the case at all, she made us hold the position for another 8 count. The main thing I like about the class is that you push yourself farther than you normally would, right when you think your body is dead and you can't give anymore you have to lift 1 inch higher and pulse 8 more times and by the grace of God you somehow manage to get through it. I left FlyBarre feeling exhausted in places I didn't realize I had muscle BUT very excited to go back. Jenna B was my teacher for both wheel and barre and she was a total rockstar. High energy, extremely helpful and nice and made me feel welcome from the second I walked in. If you can swing the price ($175 unlimited/month) then I absolutely recommend signing up OR at a very minimum taking advantage of the free first class! Enjoy!
5	I think I have exercise ADD. I get bored of routine. Flywheel has awesome upbeat tracks to keep you going for 45-60 min classes where you forget you are working out. I love that they incorporate upper body work out as well. The mobile app is amazing to help keep you organized with credits, class schedule, cancelling, etc. I'm hooked. I also notice a difference after 2-3 classes a week. They eye candy instructors don't hurt.The studio is clean, organized and they have little nick nacks women may need.I cut my sessions with my trainer because Flywheel is just well... FUN!
5	Of all the places I've worked out, I would say although probably the hardest, I've had the most fun working out at Flywheel. I've only done the cycling classes, but I'm sure FlyBarre would be equally as difficult. Most classes are only 45 minutes long, but you definitely get your workout in. I always leave sore and totally sweaty but with a smile on my face. From the instructors who motivate you through the entire class to the club like music and dark ride, it makes working out dare I say... Fun?
5	Came here for the first time tonight for a Yelp event and let me tell you..it was amazing!! I've done a lot of different barre work outs in the Charlotte area, but this one is super fast paced and gets your muscles working. I really enjoyed the class. Carrie led it and she was so motivating and a really great teacher. She came around and helped us with our posture and movements if we were having trouble. I liked that it's a little bit smaller than most of the other barre classes I've gone to, that way they can focus on you! After the class we had snacks and Honest Tea hosted by Whole Foods and it was nice to meet the other students in the class and network. The facility is clean and impressive. I will definitely be back! Thanks Nikki for hosting an awesome event!
4	I came here because my stepdad and I were looking for more cardio than our yoga pilates class earlier this week. I am a soul cycle fan. I know flywheel is a competitor but I figured what the heck? The studio and facility is big. I found myself comparing everything to the Palo Alto soul cycle studio I frequent. While flywheel is bigger I found it to be not as clean: including my shoe rentals: smelly. The classes are 9 dollars cheaper which is nice and I would try the barre class as an alternative. The class itself was good. The instructor Matt was very helpful and nice. The torque board was interesting. The music was all east coast rappers so I loved it. I prefer soul over flywheel. Soul is more about the music and being a part of the pack. Flywheel is about competition and staying on target with the torque board , which was motivating but I didn't get the same meditative feeling I have during soul. Either way, it was a positive experience. The staff are very helpful and welcoming.
5	This place is above and beyond. I've taken spin classes at LA Fitness, YMCA, and the Charlotte Athletic Club, and now I understand why Flywheel has such a following. First of all, the facilities are immaculate. Everything from the look to the cleanliness to the amenities offered make the $21 per class price tag worth it (I was not sold when I first realized the price, but the first class is free). I let the woman manning the front desk know that it was my first time there and she walked me through everything and made me feel at ease right away. I'd felt intimidated with everything I'd read, but that was put to rest as soon as she was finished with the tour.The instructor, Sarah Stankavage Pitts, was also really fantastic. At 530 in the morning, I'm not always chipper but her energy was infectious. She possessed a great balance of motivating while pushing everyone to go harder. Also, her playlist did not disappoint. Last, Flywheel taps into the competitive spirit for those that need concrete evidence that they can ride harder and push themselves. Having my name and bike number on a screen in the front of the class ranking me against others was a great way for me to ride harder than I ever have, and made me push myself into trying to achieve greater results. The only downside I can come up with is that I won't be able to attend these classes as often as I'd like!  I travel to Charlotte a couple of times a month for work, and will now have to return to the classes at LA Fitness in my hometown in the interim to get my spin fix.
