5	Alicia is AMAZING. I came in with major split ends and an awkwardly growing out undercut. She blended everything together PERFECTLY, listened to my wants and needs, and left me looking a hundred times sexier! I don't go to salons as often as I should, since it's hard for me to come up with the money each month - but she provided EXCELLENT service, an incredible cut, and at an unbeatable price. The salon itself is fantastic, too - not too cold/hot, nice background music, clean and organized. All the products smell amazing, and I'm put at ease knowing they're not putting nasty things like lye or ammonia or whatever on my hair.I'll definitely be a returning customer. Thanks, Alicia!!!!!!!
5	Everyone here is so talented! My hair was hideous and in need of some major over haul...They listened to my woes and my desires and in no time I had a stinking awesome hair cut! The products they use smell so yummy and work so well!
5	Just got my hair cut by Autumn yesterday, and I love it! She did a great job of listening to my needs. She is also clearly very instinctive when it comes to hair; since I have curly, thick hair, it's hard to find a stylist who can adapt to that and work with it, but Autumn did a great job. I'll definitely come back!
5	Great environment, organic products and a funny, lively and competent staff. Alicia is a talent and listens to my every request and makes it a reality.
5	I absolutely love this place! They use organic, vegan, and gluten-free products - perfect for the conscientious hair lover :-) the studio is adorable and the staff are really nice. The owner is Ambur and she is really, really good - one of the best people to ever cut my hair. I love that she is passionate about using all natural and cruelty free products, which is why I started going here. The shop is open Wednesdays through Sundays and Ambur is so popular that she often books weeks in advance! If you call, leave a message and they'll call you back, I have never had a problem getting in touch with someone to make an appointment! The price is good - I think I paid about $55 for my last haircut and it took her about 50 minutes to finish. I walked out of there feeling like 1 million bucks!
1	I hate writing a bad review, but in these times of financial struggle it makes a difference where you spend your money. It matters if you don't get what you paid for, and worse if you get treated badly while getting ripped off.  This is a bit of a long review - sorry - a few things happened that need explanation. Bottom line for those in a hurry - don't go to this salon unless you want to be ripped off and treated like crap!  If you want more details, keep reading.Such is the case for me with Honeycomb. I'd heard about the salon for years and as someone sensitive to hair chemical products, this place was about my last shot for what I hoped would be a good salon with good product.My stylist was Sarah. The bio on the website made her seem like she'd be knowledgeable and customer service oriented. I mean she worked in New York and did celebrities hair (or so it says).My only trip there was eventful. About an hour and 1/2 into my visit, a car literally drove into the building and crashed the business next door, about 5 feet from the front door of Honeycomb. This upset and distracted the 4 of us in the salon and took up a lot of time from my visit as Sarah spent a lot of time trying to deal with the people in the accident.My consult with her was a bit lengthy. I have some history with my hair and health, and she had a lot of questions. At one point she made a snappy comment about needing to decide what we would do and get started. No problem - hey you are the one controlling the session as the stylist so take control if you have a problem. I agreed to do one of the treatments she suggested, to help the color take better, but at the wash bowl she made her own decision not to do it. When I asked about it, she wouldn't say why.  I was there for a partial and add'l color for gray. She would not do the color w/o me doing a 24 hr skin test due to my sensitivities. Ok, I understand that but I made it clear that I needed to get the gray covered. Maybe she should have suggested I come back when we could do it all - the right way.End result - I walked out with my hair looking EXACTLY the same as when I walked in (like sh*t), but my wallet was MUCH lighter. 3 inches of demarcation showing and all, couldn't tell I had anything done to my hair.  I got a snarky comment at the end about her being 15 min late for her next appointment. Hey Sarah - you were 15 min late for MY appointment and I didn't say a word about that. What about the 30-45 min you spent dealing with the unusual car accident?  Don't blame the customer and try to make me feel bad for those things.  Plus she dropped color on me when she ran out to help the car accident people. Hey - thanks.The biggest problem of all here is that I've spoken to Sarah since and asked her if she could fix my hair since it appears no color took. She was cold, aloof, and basically said she'd fix it for FULL price. What?? Seriously?  I've never had such a horrible reaction from a stylist or a salon in 30 years of getting my hair done professionally.  On top of this, she charged me way more than the price listed on the board for a partial or even a full highlight, but wouldn't explain why. I let it go and still tipped her 20%. When I got home and dried my hair, I realized I had essentially been ripped off. Sarah also made a big deal of my long consult and said she normally charges for consults. I've have never been charged for a consult in connection with getting a service done.  Maybe this is where the 'extra' charge for my color comes from. Who knows.  Sarah was unwilling to budge and was completely unaccommodating.  NO customer service with this one.  The whole time I tried to be pleasant and understanding, but this treatment is ridiculous. I asked for the salon owner to call me to discuss further - guess what - she never called me.This salon needs to come with a warning - they are greedy and are looking to make money w/o providing quality service. If you have a problem with a service - forget about compromise - you won't find it here. I'm making it my goal to fight this to the nth degree. I'm tired of getting ripped off. I don't make a lot of money in my job. I feel like I walked in to a salon, was robbed of $135.00 and told to get the heck out.  Please don't go to this salon if you want to be treated properly, especially for the prices they charge and the lack of quality you will receive.
