1	Woman comes in carrying a chihuaha, puts it down in the restaurant & it runs all over the place! This can't be cool with the health department. Dog didn't even have a leash or collar & was running up to all the customers trying to eat. Staff did NOTHING!
4	First time I tried this Italian ice with custard. So good. It's really refreshing. I like this better than yogurt and ice cream. Got the island fusion. Yum yum. Service was friendly and quick. Can't wait to come back during these hot summer nights.
4	Refreshing Summer Treat!I admit, I was a little reluctant to try this place.  It just opened and is only about a mile away from home but from the street it did not look like something I would like.  We received a coupon in the mail though and when I saw they had Italian Ice as well I had to try.  We have now gone here twice.  I highly recommend the Gelati. It is part Italian Ice, part custard. The first time I mixed the Island Fushion and Vanilla. Delicious!!! Second time I tried the Swedish Fish and Vanilla. Also Delicious. I think this may become a new favorite.
4	After first discovering Rita's on Mill Ave in Tempe, I was very happy to find that a new location opened up closer to my house. Just like the other location, it's got a great atmosphere with a friendly, helpful staff. They have no problem giving out samples, which is great since there are so many flavors! I like how they have different flavors every day, too; it makes it even more fun to go since I never know what they're gonna have. I also like that some of the ices are "cream ices," some are regular, and there are occasionally sugar-free options. You can get 2 flavors together, which is good since I can never decide on just one.Haven't tried the ice with custard or gelati yet. However, favorite flavors have to be the S'mores cream ice and the Swedish Fish. Yum!
4	We went to the Rita's Ice Custard Happiness' Tatum Road - Grand Opening on 6/28 to check it out. Very delicious and refreshing.The Raspberry Ice and Chocolate Custard were both great and you can mix them if you want - it's called a Blendini I think. We will try more flavors very soon. I especially like the Name!!!
4	In an age when frozen yogurt is all the rage, it takes guts to open up a shop that serves full-fat treats, especially when it's still not actually ice cream.  Frozen custard really isn't something many of us are used to.  I have childhood memories of enjoying a cup of custard when making stops in random midwest towns, but I would lying if I said I actually remembered what exactly it tastes like after nearly a quarter century.  But when a frozen custard shop opens just a little more than a mile from my front door, there's no way I'm not going to give it a try.So my thoughts on custard.  Delicious.  I had a good old swirl of chocolate and vanilla.  The chocolate is not as flavorful as ice-cream, but it is pretty good.  The vanilla tastes just like cold and creamier version of anything you'd find stuffed into a pastry.  The texture of custard is a lot heavy and harder than soft serve ice cream.There's also gelati.  These are more like italian ices, only in ice cream flavor.  I didn't have this, so I can't really describe it.  Heard good things about the sweedish fish flavor, but they didn't have it on my visit.
5	First visit here!  This was a great refreshing treat.  Lexi was our server and one of the most polite and hospital teenagers I have ever seen working in any establishment. I will tell you that if I had my own business I would hire Lexi.  Makes me want to come back more often for a treat.  I had a gelati-  Watermelon with vanilla custard.  Delicious
5	The cream Italian ice is amazing. I love the chocolate chip cookie dough and mint chocolate chip. It tastes like ice cream but lighter, seriously amazing. I normally get the gelati which is layered custard, Italian ice & custard.
4	We just discovered Rita's on Bell. Wow, the custard, ice combo is amazing! I got the Mango Ice and vanilla custard combo. Delicious. The place is clean but has all the trappings of a chain. Must target kids or families with young kids because they had Nickelodeon on the TV. Not enough seating on the patio now that the weather is getting nicer. The counter staff was very friendly and helpful. I wish they didn't hold up the ordering line with tastings but I guess that's how they get people to try before they buy. Maybe they should have a separate tasting line. Anyway, we'll be back even though I'm lactose intolerant.
5	SO good.  and good prices.  I loved, and recommend, the red velvet ice on top of the full fat vanilla custard.  Delicious!  And for taking home - try their Oreo custard cookie sandwiches.  I demolished my whole pack within a week.
4	An instant fan!!I have never heard of this place and checked it out with some other people who have been before.  Italian ice and frozen custard never really peaked my interest, but I was like "Why the hey!!"I decided to get the best of both worlds and ordered a Gelati. I was impressed with the first taste, and my opinion of italian ice and frozen custard will never be the same again. It is definitely a lovely mix of textures and flavors.The only negative thing I can really say about the place is that it is not closer to where I live so I can go more often.
4	What a really, really cool concept! I had only mildly been exposed to custard before, and had Italian Ice waaaaay back when I was just a little girl. But to put the two together! Oh, yes! The custard was so creamy, and I even had the LIght Vanilla! The passionfruit ice was great, and I also sampled the Mint Chip Cream Ice. I love this concept and will definitely come back.
5	Love this place! The italian ice tastes exactly like it's description.  The toddler loves the Starburst Strawberry flavor the most.  I love getting a mix of the vanilla frozen custard with the cherry italian ice. They also have a mobile app you can download for free and you can scan each visit and on the 10th one, it's free!  Also, don't be shy to ask to sample any of the flavors. They are really nice about it.
4	I am happy to see this company grow.  I remember gazillion years ago, when I lived in FL, I saw the first Rita's.  Back then the store only offered Lemon and Cherry flavors.  I used to love to stop by for a cool treat.  When I saw this store, I wanted to visit it.  Wow, things have changed so much.  They have so many flavors now.  They also have a custard that they mix with the italian ice if you so prefer.  This is a refreshing goody, specially during our hot days.  My little boy likes a few of the flavors also.  We enjoy hanging out at this place savoring out cool treat.
4	The Italian ice is very very refreshing and tasty! The cashier wasn't the friendliest but her recommendation of the mango and passion fruit mix was great!
5	What a friendly welcoming place! When I am in town, I get my favorite, chocolate, lemon and cherry ice layered in a medium size cup. It reminds me of my beloved Italian Ices we used to get at the pizzerias in NY in the summertime, missing the squishy paper cups!You can also get any flavor ice with a big swirl of the thick vanilla frozen custard inside it- my son loves that one.
5	Awesome ice!!!My favorite is Mango, I try to look at all the other flavors but end up always ordering the Mango Ice.Custard with Italian Ice just does not sound like a great combination but it really does work.The people that work here are very friendly and nice. This location is great and close to our house it is turning into a weekly ritual.
5	Love rita's. I prefer getting the misto which is all mixed together instead of the custard ontop of the ice.That's just my personal opinion, but sometimes one could go with the original and pre-mix it...I just always want more custard...you can't beat the original custard flavor. I am not too big of a fan of other ones.
4	Rita's is da bomb. I love coming here on hot days to get a "gelati" to cool down with! Try the mango Italian ice with frozen vanilla custard!
