5	Awesome Food, Great People  !!!!
2	Sushi  was not too bad except for seaweed, not so good. However, happy hour menu is not much to offer compare to other place. The price is kind of high for the size of a roll which is kind of small.
4	I'm a big fan of the food and drink offered here.  Lots of noodle and stir fry places put a lot of green/red peppers and bamboo shoots in the mix so they can skimp on the good stuff (meat and other veggies).  This place has a good balance of ingredients in all of the dishes I have tried.  My boyfriend commented that he really likes the noodles, he was sad to finish them off before he had eaten all the chicken in his curry. The bar has a lot to offer but the prices are a little steep considering the happy hour specials other places in the area offer.  The food on the other hand is very reasonably priced with large portions.
5	I can't say enough about the food, drink and atmosphere.  I've been coming here for a few years and it's always VERY VERY good.  It's been my pleasure to convert quite a few friends into believers.  Oh yeah... the vibe!  it's sweet!
5	Really small place with really good live jazz music, food & drinks. The food prices are low but drinks are a little high.  Make sure to check out their facebook page to find out when they have live music:  http://www.facebook.com/AsiaInMesaOverall, this is my favorite place to go when I want a mellow night out with my hubby.Looks like this restaurant is now just called "Asia" and has a separate yelp account for reviews:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/asia-mesa#query:asia
4	The rolls the best, I suggest monkey plays wit fire or the lazy dragon.
4	This was our first time here and we came at the recommendation of Jenni L.  We really enjoyed our meal here this evening.  Our party was 6 and we easily found seating and were quickly served.  The ambiance is nice - dark place, modern decor and styling.The menu is very simple but offers quite an eclectic 'asian' selection of food.  I chose the curry noodles with chicken and was impressed with the flavor as well as the juicy texture of the white chicken meat (hell, I can't even get my chicken breast that juicy at home!).  Noodles were cooked well.. not soggy and not too hard - but perfectly cooked with a bit of a bite to them.Our server was prompt and friendly and we enjoyed our evening here.  The food was highly filling (their bowls are friggin huge!) and I seriously didn't expect to be able to eat all that they served me (but I did!).I would come back again if I were in the neighborhood.
4	Oh the Asian Kitchen is amazing. The menu is divided into different Asian Countries but the best thing on the menu has got to be the Ancient House Special Fried Rice. It is just divine- not greasy or heavy at all. They wok fry the rice with egg, shrimp, and chicken. If it's your first time coming here I implore you to try this and you'll be coming back for more like the Drunken Shrimp and Chicken which has a great spicy peanut sauce. The killer entrees come in huge portions, I normally have to take half of it home and enjoy later.  They also have a good sushi menu and a great sushi chef who is personable and pretty darn fast. My favorite sushi on the menu is the "It's Always Sunny in AZ" and the "Big Buddha Roll". The service is always great, the happy hour rocks, and they have live music on Friday nights. I can't believe this little gem is located in Mesa, but it's definitely worth the drive.
3	We end up at this place when one friend in particular comes through town. He's a big fan and we don't mind it. Usually generous cocktails, the sushi is great, but all the noodle dishes end up tasting the same in my opinion. Not bad, necessarily, but not spectacular. The Vegas Roll will keep me coming back.
5	I am incredibly excited to have discovered this place. I've spent years searching the valley for what I considered to be "coastal state grade" sushi, and I believe I've found it. The quality of the fish  that is served in the sushi is incredible. It actually has some structural integrity!! For those of you who eat sushi, you know what I mean. This stuff isn't slimy at all. It is extremely fresh! They also have some pretty incredible beers available. I was stoked to find some awesome IPA's, and to find out that they frequently bring in new ones. Fellow hop-heads will sympathize with me on this. I highly recommend this place if you enjoy a nice, strong IPA and some quality sushi!
5	This is a small restaurant with max seating of 45.  The ambiance is intimate with subdued lighting and close seating.  The service is usually prompt and willing to answer questions.  The food is delicious!  With sushi and main entrees hailing from several Asian countries, this place has plenty of options.  My favorite dish here is Green Fuel, but have not had a dish here that I didn't like.
5	Mmmm. This is my favorite Asian cuisine! It is a small, independently owned business with a WONDERFUL menu, fairly priced, and friendly staff. They have the customer in mind :) I could eat here everyday. Good for happy hour drinks and appetizers
5	Great wok'd meals as well as great sushi! Drink specials and happy hour sushi! Try the drunken shrimp and chicken! The seafood curry is incredible too!
3	Cool little neighborhood hole in the wall. Seems pretty busy during happy hour 3-6 The garlic shrimp were very good  and made fresh. Lettuce cups were good.I tried happy hour sushi for the first time and ...well......so so.The rice was less than fresh and sort of hard on my spicy tuna roll but the crab roll was a bit better. Fresh moist rice is key and in az........rice gets hard in minutes.I'll go back a few times for happy hour and report back.....This place reminds me of those little secret places in tempe.The interior needs to be freshened up a bit.
5	been there over a 100 times never had bad food or service. Great place for lunch.
5	Amazing food! Friendly staff and such a welcoming and comfortable atmosphere! Definitely recommended to everyone! Cant wait to eat here again!!!
1	Worst service. I went when I was pregnant and unable to eat raw fish. The server didn't even know what she was bringing out. I asked her if she could ask someone and she just walked away. The manager was aware of the situation and didn't even care. I had to pay for a meal I didn't even eat, although I was extremely hungry. I will never eat here again.
4	We use to come a lot. Haven't been back in a while but will when we are around and in the mood. It's good sushi with a pretty cool owner.
2	The food was okay.  The metal shard that I found in my takeout noodles ruined any good benefits though.  Especially since I emailed them to let them know, and didn't hear anything back.
3	This was our Favorite Asian Restaurant for several years. I don't know why, but for the past 3 years none of the food as been as flavorful . The only dish that we still like here is the Ancient Fried Rice, but again it is no where near as good as it used to be. We don't go very often now.
4	John and his crew are awesome! I have never had a bad experience, although at times lunch can be packed and service a tad slow, relax... The food and drinks are worth it. When you have food made to order and have it be how you want it, sometimes it can't be rushed. I can say, in my numerous times at AK, I have never been let down.keep it rockin John!
5	Wow! This place is great! Great flavors, great portions, great prices. We found this place & ate there 3 times in 2 weeks, and we were out of town for 5 days during that time!
4	The sushi was good here.  It is standard, but good.
5	Great find this place is very cool. Small but love the atmosphere, staff, food selection, wine selection. If your looking for a casual time out sit at the bar and watch the chef's Chef it up!!!
5	Our meal was delicious, the service was good and it was neat to be able to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare everything!
3	My husband and I tried this place on a whim. For a Saturday night this place was hauntingly empty. We were seated right away and our server promptly took our drink orders. The prices for sushi are on the high side but I ordered a roll and two pieces of nigiri anyways. My husband ordered the garlic shrimp noodles. We listened to a decent cover band while we waited for our food. But like I mentioned the place was empty so I felt kind of bad for them. When our food came we were less then impressed. For the price I expected much larger rolls and a better cut of salmon. My husbands dish was bland tasting and made even worse by the old hot sauce sitting on the table he used to add a kick to it. The gist of the evening is we had semi ok service (we did wait forever for the bill) and really not ok food. We will probably not be back.
5	Excellent food. Got crab puffs (tasted like east coast style), spider roll, and drunken shrimp. Was more than enough for my husband and I. We didn't get any beer but they had an excellent craft selection. Fair price and great food with good service.
