5	I am a fan of this store.  They have some cute stuff to add to my wardrobe.  I got a few tops and tons of belts.  I go quite often and I didn't realize that I bought the same belt twice (in the same color).  I love to find great stuff in the sales rack and specially when they have an additional % off.  Last time I got a cute skirt and several awesome socks.Service is always nice.  I need to ask the gentleman who always helps me for his name, he is really great.
5	This might be the only J.Crew in the valley that also carries Crew Cuts, their kids line (I could be wrong). I really enjoy this location and the layout of this store, more so than the Fashion Square and Biltmore locations. I recently bought a dress here on sale for $79 when it used to be $138. I was very pleased. Lots of casual and business casual options for somebody with a preppy/hip fashion sense.
2	My daughter, granddaughter and I shopped at your Kierland store about 30 minutes ago. It was a shopping experience much below our expectations of J Crew. 1) The wait time to check out was atrociously long2) My daughter was approached by a male employee who asked her if she needed any help. When she asked a question his response was "I don't know but I will find out when I get a chance". WHAT? Why would you offer to help when you are unable to help?3) We bought 3 items. After exiting the store we discovered that the one of the items had not been reduced by the 40 percent off. Went back in and the wait started all over again. Apparently the discount did not apply to the item in question. The employee missed the opportunity to make a recovery by not offering to apply the discount anyway ( a grand amount of $12.80). Are you kidding me? You spend millions on marketing and then miss an opportunity like this to make a favorable impression. Mickey you are a great merchant. You need an equally good good operator. Cheers!
5	J crew is my favorite store so already I might be a little biased, but the customer service at this location struck me as particularly good today. One of the guys who works there, Tom, introduced himself to me when I came in the store and then continued to refer to me by my first name the whole time I was there. I couldn't believe he actually took the time to remember it, I liked that. Another man who worked there was also extremely helpful and complimented both what I was wearing and what I intended to buy. I loved my experience today and would absolutely choose to go there over the fashion square location.
5	Fave J. Crew in Scottsdale. All the attendants are super nice and helpful, without being too hovery and annoying. They even helped me order a jacket that they didn't have in my size, and arranged to have a delivered straight to my apartment!I come here so much when I'm back in Scottsdale that one of the workers, Tom, started to recognize me, and greeted me personally!  Cute clothes and great customer service
