4	Basin White has a location at Downtown Disney in Anaheim, CA and I've always been curious about their products.Suhaila, the customer service rep, did a presentation on bath bombs.  She took the margarita bomb, apropos for the Vegas setting, dropped it into a pool of water and it slowly fizzled before us and turned the water green.  It had a pleasing scent and washed off without soap and water.  We looked around and I got the Love Letter bath bomb - filled with wild flowers, shea oil, and lavender to try out in the giant bath tub at our hotel suite or back home if I didn't get time.We also got a demonstration on sugar scrubs and left the store with soft arms and hands.  It was a pleasing experience for our senses and Suhaila was a great sales rep.  Definitely worth the trip and the bath bomb was great in the tub but unfortunately left a mess of lavender to clean up afterwards.
5	My bf and I totally fell in love with this store on our trip to LV.  We came back almost every day to buy more bath bombs!  We purchased water lily, jasmine, and lavender.  The scents are all very natural and floral, which I loved.  Very different from LUSH, which seems to have very candy sweet-smelling artificial scents. It's $3.99 for a small bomb, $4.49 for medium, and $4.99 for large.  The scents vary for the different sizes.  I found that a medium should be fine for an average tub.  The large is definitely the best deal though.  Too bad they don't have a store in SF.  I bought a tube filled with bath bombs for my friend's bday.  She's a fan of LUSH so this may convert her.  =)  Can't wait to buy more the next time I'm in LV!
4	Clean, well designed, easy to navigate.  Loved this place.  Picked up a few bath bombs, scents are fantastic and found a table of $10 "Mystery Bags" in the back... GET ONE, mine was loaded with six of their gorgeous bars of soap!  $40.00 worth for $10... can't beat that.  This place is a bit like the store LUSH, but definitley at a better price point.  Not as much variety, they have shampoo bars, bath bombs, sugar scrubs, body wash, lotions and bar soaps.  Didn't appear to be any facial products or hair conditioners.
5	I was walking through the Canal Shoppes in the Venetian while in Vegas this past weekend when I stopped, turned about face and headed in to Basin White. Josh was well versed in the art of the up-sell and I told him so.  I walked out feeling confident in my purchases; shea scrub in satsuma and a slice of  lemongrass & cranberry soap.It's the sort of scent that rejuvenates your vigor for life. Really though. It's a crisp scent that's nearly overwhelming... but I can't stop sniffing it.As for the Shea scrub - intense moisture! I can't wait to give this to my mom for her birthday. She's going to love it... and if she doesn't I'll keep it for myself! muwahahaha!
4	What really sold me on their product was their satsuma scrub.  At first I was really skeptical, since I bought Bath and Body Works scrubs before.  Basin White scrubs are different. I tried their scrub midmorning while doing my window shopping in Vegas, but my hands stayed moisturized until I took a shower that night.  I never had a scrub keep my hands so soft feeling for that long.  I returned to the store to buy the scrub.POSITIVES:  The majority of the products in the store can be tried or smelled. I think all of their products do as advertised. Their staff is well verse all the products in the store and they are extremely friendly and nice.  None of them seemed to pressure me into buying anything there, they were more interested in me trying their products.NEGATIVES:  I do think the stuff is a bit pricy compared to other moisturizer and lotions.  However, always ask about their sales.  Majority of the time they have sales, they just don't like advertising it.
4	Stopped by this place yesterday while cruising through the canal shops at the Venetian.  We were immediately greeted by the salesman.  They were both friendly and helpful which seems to be rare these days.  We got to try same their Satsuma salt scrub.  Man oh man, did it not only smell super yummy, but made your skin smooth and soft!  I purchased several of their bath bombs  and the salt scrub.  The bath bombs smell AMAZING!  Not at all gross and nauseating smelling like the stuff they sell at Lush. I tried their bath bomb last night and LOVED IT!  Everything there smells so wonderful, I would buy the whole store if I could.  I am definitely a fan now!  :)
4	Inside the Grand Canal Shops at The Venetian is Basin White. You can actually -smell- it before you get to the store, by at least 10 feet. Fresh and clean, it's a paradise of get-you-clean stuff that really does what it says.At least 20 different scents of bath bombs, salts, soaps, body butters, lotions, shave products are packed into this very organized shop. They always have the upcoming holiday represented in at least 3 specialty soaps- right now Halloween is getting the top billing. The Pumpkin Spice smells so wonderful, spicy and sweet. In the shape of a smiling jack-o-lantern, I was about to buy it when I picked up the Bats one. It is a funky pastiche of silly bats flying in the night sky, kinda Goth-y. But this smells of perfection and happiness! It's a carbonated lemon-lime scent, bringing up memories of when I was a kid getting those crazy Bonnie Bell lip tins at Christmastime in my stocking! It was a total scent flashback! Had to get it. I also picked up their all-natural lip scrub in Sangria flavor. It's just white sugar, olive oil, avocado butter and flavoring. Wow, just so yummy! Scrub it into your lips, get all those flaky skincells off your smacker and LICK IT OFF. Yes, that's how they said it was best to remove it. No tissue, no rinsing, you eat it! I'm sold on this product, it's great.Staff is very helpful and friendly. They told me that there's only 3 Basin White's in the USA?! Disneyland, Disneyworld, and Las Vegas. Plus it's a family-owned business, so that's cool in my book.Some items seem pricier than others. Lipscrub was $8, but a big tub of bodyscrub was $35. They do discounts of multiple items purchased, and they have giftbags for sale as well.Totally worthwhile and a fun place to checkout!
4	Located in the Venetian Canal Shoppes, Basin White instantly became my go-to for a serious body pamper. Liz D. introduced me to this location (the other is in Downtown Disney of Anaheim) and we watched intently as the staff demonstrated a bath bomb. As it fizzled and caused the water to glow, we were surrounded by the light and flowery scent of plumeria. The staff were extremely knowledgeable of their products and were helpful in finding specific items.I absolutely LOVE their body butter. The texture of the butter is velvety and creamy with subtle scents of almond coconut, lemon sugar, pink sugar, plumeria, vanilla grapefruit, wild jasmine, and a few others. I opted for the paradise and wild jasmine. Both fragrances were not overwhelming, but wonderfully aromatic. At $18 a pop (or 2 for $30), they're pretty pricey but for the high-quality ingredients, they're well worth it. They also carry an array of bath salts, soaps, candles, perfume, moisturizers, and body scrubs.The store is set up like a huge, upscale bathroom! How cute is that?
4	I absolutely love this place! Located in the Venetian Canal Shoppes, it's the perfect place to pick up bath & body soaps, scrubs, salts, etc. Or even for a gift. I love their soaps. One of my favorites is the Mineral Sea Salt. It feels so good on my skin and after using it, it feels like i have new skin. Instantly rejuvenates the skin and takes out all the daily impurities.This last time I went I picked up a holiday bar called Snowy. Perfect for the hoidays.I got a slice of their Matrimony body soap as a gift to my newly married boss. The soap was adorably adorned with the bride and groom and when you use the soap, it smells of champagne and strawberries! delicious aroma!If you walk into Basin White, you will for sure find something you like and fall in love with their products. I was happy to hear that they also have a store in Downtown Disney in Anaheim. Of course, I will probably visit Vegas more often than Downtown Disney, but it's good to know if I ever need a quick gift or a refill. The staff here are always so helpful and knowledgeable on their products which makes me want to buy even more stuff!
4	NYE and I'm killing time til the BF gets off work and we can leave the strip. I know- such a ridiculous notion to leave the droves of people who will be inconsiderate and drunk.I should at least get a token prize for making this ordeal. Good karma made me take a wrong turn and into a hall where Basin White can attract my attention. I only use natural products so any and all purveyors of quality I automatically like already. They carry slices of soap, bath salts (ready made or pour your own), bath bombs (small, med, large), create your own soy candle, salt/sugar scrub, shave cream, body gel, milk bath, solid moisturizers, body cream and lotions, massage oil bars, solid perfumes and lip moisturizers. Most loose products give you a discount for buying more than 1 so buy for you, and buy for gifts!..... Or just be greedy like me. Any savings help, but this is very reasonable considering quality. It's my big peeve when nice products are compared to the cheap stuff and then therefore is expensive and will be passed up. That shit is cheap for a reason- because it's cheap! I guess it just irks me because I know a lot about ingredients and beauty products. I come in and a SA beckons to try their scrub. It was lovely. Not too intensely scented, nicely moisturizing. It contains shea and I'm a very big fan of its gentle and truly nurturing properties. I used to work for L'Occitane so I didn't get any because I still have tubs at home of their scrubs (one of which is almost identical in feel- the honey lemon). If you are looking for a good scrub then this is definitely quality. My hands are quite soft.I went home with something I've been needing- bath bombs! I grabbed the large ones which are $4.99 each or 3 for $12 or $20 for a tube. Grabbed a satsuma- "Japanese orange made even dreamier with Meadow Foam oil to restore and retain moisture", a love letter "Pressed wild flowers, Shea oil and lavender", and a paradise "Heavenly scented and enriched with Shea oil and natural sea salts" which I would describe as a lightly tropical scent...some fruits , a bit of a sea breeze fresh scent.The large are the size of a navel orange so for standard bathtubs you can probably crack and use half. I have a large double tub so a large one is perfect for it. I used one before bed after NYE and I woke up smelling faintly like the Love Letter fizzy. The SA that demoed the scrub also helped me check out and he was very nice, informative and encourages people to try everything. I didn't get his name except you'll know it when you see his name tag that says "Tickle Monster". I asked him "whats the deal with that" and hoped it wasn't his name. You never know these days, but it was a little work joke. Overall, this place is nice, good quality and I'll definitely be trying more of their products.
4	Beautifully organized. Friendly service. Typically overpriced because of their location. Not sure these products are for me.  I like a lot of their products and what they promise to do but I am so allergic to natural things that I am always fearful of buying a product, falling in love with it, and finding that I am allergic to something in it. Boo! I like their shea scrubs and I have used them on my feet. I know that sounds rather strange but my feet love them. I like to wear heels when I'm out. So, it's hard for my feet not to suffer at least a lil bit. The flowery scents and things have me coming back for more, but man oh man how I wish I could really indulge in all that is good from here. I love that this spot is always so organized. I have picked up a few things for the hubby from here and he loves them. Of course, I have to remind him to use them because they aren't automatically programmed into his system to be a part of his usual shaving regiment but he enjoys the scrubs and butters too. I love how many different scents there are. YUMM.
3	When allergy season comes not only does my sinus go crazy, but also my skin. Things that I'm not actually allergic to, like my usual bath soap, starts to make my skin sensitive and switching off to something else seems to fix it. Since the ingredients here are pretty base, I decided to give it a try. The girls at the store were friendly, chatty and helped me make my selections (but aren't pushy sales people) by explaining some of the products.I ended up grabbing Basin White shampoo bar ($7.99) a try for my itchy scalp. It helped soothe it, but the actually thoroughly cleans the hair that you need conditioner or else its a tangled mess. There was a special bucket by the register with grab bags of soaps, $2.99 per 100grams instead of $5.99. Can't pass up a good deal so I opted for the grab bag. The bag I got had 2 full bars of glycerin soap and a small slice of one of the one of the creamier bars (goats milk one perhaps or the oatmeal). My skin doesn't itch, but I remember now why I don't buy glycerin soap. No matter the fragrance you put in, there is this smell of the glycerin that comes through and it just reminds me of the hospital (doctors disinfect with a glycerin) or the dermatologist (where they wash your face with a unscented glycerin). Also both the scents smelled lightly of citrus, but it got more spicy/ manly when used. I like the bath bombs and the shampoo bar so I'm still a fan, but I think I'll skip the glycerin soap next time.UPDATE 5/5-I can't really keep it at a 4stars when half the products I've tried aren't working out at all for me.The shampoo bar was promising, but after a while my hair just became clumpy and stringy even with conditioner. My head didn't itch from allergies, but my hair looked a hot mess even with styling products. It was meant to give it shine and it did the opposite with clumpy, stringy, dull hair. So no on the shampoo bar, moisturizing bar, and glycerin soap.Yes on the shea scrub and bath bombs and the milk/clay soap. I think I have high standards on products since I worked in beauty for years, but a few products didn't come close to what they advertised it did.
5	passed by while i was shopping @ venetian... the girl was doing a demonstration so my friend & I went in there end up spending a lot of time & $ in there...   their scrub is ridiculously amazing... I have never felt my skin being that soft and silky... its a lil pricey tho, a Jar of scrub is $35 2 for $60.. but I have to say it worth every penny. they have the cutest bath bombs.. I don't have the habbit or time for bubble bath, but my friend got bunch of those.. they're $4.99 each 3 for $12... if you're a fan of bubble bath, def. add a bath bomb, especially the lavender one smells so good... my favorite is their soap.. especially the Goat milk soap, is the best moisturizing soap ever, is better than any cleanser I've tried. I love how their ingredient are very natural. made mostly wtih natural oil. I love this place!!!
3	I can't really keep it at a 4stars when half the products I've tried aren't working out at all for me.Bath bombs- yes! Shea scrub is quality.Glycerin soap started drying out my skin and I don't like the glycerin smell you can discern even with a fragrance mixed in the soap. The shampoo bar was promising, but after a while my hair just became clumpy and stringy even with conditioner. My head didn't itch from allergies, but my hair looked a hot mess. Their moisturizing bar I have had demoed on me twice- too thick and never absorbed even after hours so each time I was in the Venetian bathroom washing my arm off.
4	Every time my husband and I visit vegas, we buy bath bombs from here. We love their Lemon, Satsuma, and the green one. We usually only buy it for during the days we're in vegas. This visit, we bought the Milk Bath as well. Quality wise, honestly, it's not crazy grand and slightly overpriced if you think about it that way. However, it's worth the splurge (1-2 times a year) and totally relaxes us during the stay.
3	2 words...bath bombs which are great for gifts or yourself.  Great customer service and frequent demonstrations of products...I mean they will demonstrate on each and every customer...that's quite a few bath bombs a day.
1	I've tried everything in the store so far so this hopefully can give you an honest review about what I've thought. (all in my opinion)Bath Salts - tubes are too small to really feel any sort of difference in the bath, and the scent wont be noticeable once you are soaking. Soaps - I have found no luck with ANY of their facial soaps. All of them do the same thing - dry out my skin. All of the Glycerin soaps smell great in the store, but once used, there is no scent and they are very drying. Lush's soaps BY FAR outshine Basin. No contest. Speaking of which, most soaps are claimed to be hand made by the company but I have seen many soaps sold by another company called Primal Elements. suspicious. plus, the soaps are cut super inconsistent. There's normally a salesperson at the front cutting fresh soaps but some soaps will be cut very big (costing almost $10 a soap) where as I've tried to pick up others and they are barely over $4 and there are no bigger pieces to select from. Their signs say $5.99 and very small say per 100 g but I figure if your sign sys 5.99 thats the price your products should be. All Bath Extras (ie massagers, bath pillows, soap dishes etc.) - Def bought whole sale... Which is kind of a shame when the sales people tell you they are a family owned business, you expect homemade products to an extent.Bath Bombs - Oils in them are DEF noticable in the tub, smells are great and come in a vast variety from light scents like Calm Waters and Twilight, to their heavily scented Sastuma and Hidden Treasures. Being a Lush user, which most people would find the store quite similar, I have to say I'm not impressed with the scents. The one thing that keeps me buying Lush is the lingering scents that I literally can smell in my bathroom for days after a soak. This being said I will continue to use Lush accompanied with some extra oils and I will easily have had a better product than Basins. Not Impressed. Lip Scrub - I like this one better than other lip scrubs I have found. They seem to have more oils in them which helps to keep the product cleaner in application. However, for 8.99/each. I'll make my own. Here are the ingredients. Raw Sugar, Olive Oil, Avocado Butter, and Flavorings. Easily homemade for a heck of a lot cheaper. Chapsticks - once again, definitely bought wholesale. Their lip balms (and i've bought a couple) are too glossy. I bought a lime one for a male friend of mine and he refused to use it. $5 lip balm, wasted. Solid Moisturizers - I'm gonna say, this really is one of their better products. BUT make sure you are getting the one with the TAMANU oil in it. The smaller ones they sell at their other stores do NOT have the tamanu oil in them and those products seem lack luster. Wish they had better scents in this product though, being as their are only four. Almond Coconut is what I bought (and two actually because of the $4 discount you get) and it smells NOTHING like almond coconut. Sickeningly sweet, and to think I spent $30 for two. If you like the scents get it.... if not, dont get conned. Spa Wax - 32$!!!!!! WAY overpriced for only being Soy bean oil and Avocado Butter. Product works great though, I will admit. One winter I had EXTREMELY dry and itchy skin... one night I heated the little guy up and rubbed it on my skin... the next day my skin was soft and smooth.. BUT.... i haven't used it since.. that was 8 months ago.. I havent necessarily had a need for it. Body Butters - Love them. They melt in the summer, but throw them in the fridge for a cpl hours and they are back to the great consistency. VERY EXPENSIVE. $18 each... but I always buy more... Shampoo and Conditioner Bars - Conditioner bars are an absolute waste. Don't bother spending the $8 for one... they do nothing for your hair. But the Shampoo Bars are another story. The only one I have found luck with is the Iced Cherries. other ones just seem to be very drying and not as desirable... plus the iced cherries smells absolutely divine. Mositurizers, Showers Gels, and "Foaming" Baths - Honestly the Shower Gels and Foaming baths feel like the same product with just a different name. Sad. Mositurizers are HIGHLY overpriced. $17 and barely 8 oz. Not worth it... not in the least. Milk Baths - GREAT product. Another very expensive thing for only a Bubble Bath ($20) and its always a hit or miss getting it in the store. Sales people always say 'one of the ingredients is on back order' or something like that, but it seems like they just don't know how to order enough to keep the store stocked. this has happened to me on 3 separate visits. Body Scrub - best product in the store but WAY too big. I always have to order off line cause I cannot take it in carry-on which ends up making the product cost more. major bummer... but it always seems worth the buy. this is my regular buy on my visits.
5	BATH BOMBS I love how you make my skin so soft and smooth . The bf and i purchased 3 bath bombs Large ($4.99) Love Letter, Pink Sugar, Calm Waters, chap stick and a bottle of almond milk bubble bath. Couldn't get back to the hotel fast enough to try it out oh it was worth the wait so satisfying mixing a bath bomb with bubble bath and watching dissolve and to my surprise a little rain dear was in the center of it try it you will love it your body will feel great after and you will sleep like a baby.
5	We got sucked into this place and left with lots of their products. Why? We had our 10 year old boy and 8 year old girl with us, strolling through the Venetian. When we walked in out of curiosity, we were "attacked" by the staff, who promptly engaged our kids in fun activities like making soap. They put them to work mixing scents and various stuff, and then trying it out. My kids had a blast. While they were being entertained, I tried some body butter and other stuff. Needless to say, I bought several different items. The products sold themselves, but I bought them on the spot mostly to reward the staff for being so kind to my kids. The almond-coconut body butter is amazing stuff, and I'll be buying a lot more of it in the future. If you find yourself in Vegas with your kids, make a stop at the Venetian to visit Basin White.
5	Popped in with my wife in a recent Vegas trip. Great staff did fun demos and their products are top shelf. We packed some home!
5	Two Words: Bath Bombs. Take them to your jetted spa tub, drop it in, grab some wine, and chillax. Your skin will feel lovely and moisturized and divine. And the prices are a titch better than Lush. Their body butter is nice too, without parabens or other crap.
4	oooo just loved stepping into this store. Great and friendly service, good samples and demos of all products and a refreshing glowing skin after the use of their scrubs. Tried different ones on the hands, each one gave the same consistent result and smelled divine.We went here on the last day of our vacation and on our way to the airport and were really not able to browse leisurely and buy their products. Wish they had a store in the bay area. I would love to stock up on their products!
4	The worker here was super nice! She greeted us and even gave us a demo of the bath balls and definitely sold us. I got an oatmeal one! we got 3 for 10$. waaaay better price than lush, which is why we purchased them this time.The only thing is that my mom thinks she got hives from the product.
1	Absolutely terrible all around! I visited this store while on vacation in Vegas and spent nearly $60 on various items. I was incredibly dissatisfied with the quality of the solid conditioner. It did absolutely nothing! Didn't lather up at all, and was just like a rock no matter how wet it got. Since I had bought two at $8 a piece, I went back to return them. The sales girl actually said, "Yeah those never sell so they're probably REALLY old. But sorry, no refunds or exchanges." Needless to say, I was pretty amazed. I wrote a letter to the company but they didn't even have the decency to return contact. This place can be summed up as "TERRIBLE PRODUCTS AND APPALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE."
4	When you enter the store you will likely be asked to try many of their products at the sinks that they have.  The manager encouraged me to sample the milk baths, salt scrubs, and bath bombs.  All three products smelled naturally good and kept my hands extremely soft.  My favorite product was the salt scrub.  I never felt my hand so soft than after I rinsed it off.  Problem is it cost more than I would ever spend on soap.  I'd recommend at least buying one of their bath bombs if you have a place to soak at home.
5	Every time I am in Las vegas I stop by Basin White.  Sarah is a bubbly and happy person who does everything to make her customer happy.  I basically buy enough soap bars for all my friends and family for a year.  I am always able to ship my order to my doorstep from the store, and all packaging is handled.  Love this place!  Love the soap bars!  Great service!  My last order included a sweet surprise note from the store associate Sarah!   Will continue to come back!
2	Enjoy the product but, this was the worst shopping experince I have ever had at any of your four store in the USA. The two employees working tonight 7/16/2014 @ 9:48pm did NOT even help me even when I ask the boy for help while the girl was on the phone the whole time! The other few customers in the store were not purchasing just a bunch of lookers as I had the $19.99 BATH BOMB barrel TUBE in my hand and needed HELP filling it with 7 bath bombs, as I had QUESTIONS !!$$!!. Going back to LUSH if, my complaint not handled seriously !  Seriously Dumbfounded on the customer NO service experience !!
