3	This tavern has pretty good bar grub and hangover food with the novelty of throwing your peanut shells on the floor.  The nachos were great, burger was good, but our waitress lacked a basic sense of humor.  Kind of hard to work in a tavern without being able to joke with the drunks.  I am sure there are other fine servers in that establishment or perhaps, she was just having a bad day.  However, it was a decent meal and I will probably drop in another time for the beer and grub.
4	We went here one night. I think the primary reason was to try the "death" wings. Its a pretty chill bar/restaurant. There are peanuts on the floor, it reminds me of North Woods Inn, in so. cal. Cheap drinks.BTW, they do not lie about the death wings.
4	OK, so I'm going to Teakwood's tonight, but I have been there hundreds of times and feel comfortable "pre-reviewing"...I don't know how long Teakwood's has been around but it feels like an institution to me!  I have been going there for nigh on ten years and will go there for as long as I can...What a great corner bar with a decent selection of beers ( that's why it's not a 5 star review, more beer choices ), decent food ( come on, tater tots!  who's not gonna eat that?!?! ), and the infamous peanut shells!Fun place to go anytime and they have TVs that actually play sports, not movies every 3 songs like that crap hole Maloney's ( you know you hate that place, too! ).  I love Teakwood's and I will see the moose soon!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Teakwoods. It is a large sports bar/grill with above average pub food. Four of us popped by here on our way to the bowling alley (around the corner) and had a great time. Everyone enjoyed their dinner, brews, and the classic rock music.I wouldn't spend an entire night-out here, but it was just the trick to kick-start the evening.
5	If you want bar food, this is the best place in town!!!Teakwoods was started by the owners of the ORIGINAL Long Wong's on Mill Avenue in Tempe. Long Wong's is long gone but the tradition continues- best wings in town, hands down. Every flavor, always fresh, try the suicide wings, I dare you!BOTTOM LINE: I drive accross town for wings. The fool I am.
4	I liked this place because it is more down to earth than any other place I've found in Scottsdale.  No snooty, pretentious people here.  Free peanuts with everyone throwing the casings on the floor.  There is a dartboard and a pool table.  And lots of TV's to watch sporting matches.   And the food... well, it's bar food... so, it depends on what you are looking for.
2	I'm known to rave about the food at Teakwoods, but my experiences were limited to the Chandler location. I took a friend to dinner at this Scottsdale location and learned that not all Teaks are created equal!The bar area was packed so we had to get a table in the backroom which has a stale, impersonnal feeling like I was back in my middle school cafeteria. Sadly, the food here was just as un-impressive. I had the Green Chile Chicken sandwich and my friend had the Chicken Jack, Not  Jill but the name was much more exciting than the flavor. Both sadwiches were bland. Nothing to rave about, especially with a price tag of $10 per sandwich. If you are in the bar area, I'm sure this is an enjoyable place to get a drink or watch the game. But I'll be avoiding this location when I want a meal.
4	Went there with my son after a round of Golf.  The beer was reasonably priced, we split and tasty order of wings and had a Cobb Salad that was amazingly good for bar food.  We sat at the bar and found the others in the room friendly and generally enjoying themselves.  The free peanuts are a nice touch. This place is an oasis of down to earth people in the otherwise superficial world of Scottsdale.  I will be back.
4	This is a good old fashioned laid back bar. There are tons of TVs for sports hounds, pool table, and video games (yea Pac Man!!!) When you walk in the door, help yourself to a menu and a basket full of peanuts. Seat yourself and peel and eat peanuts until the waitress makes her way over to you (this could be a few minutes). But, the peanuts keep you happy while you wait. I have tried several things here but my all time favorite are the wings. I love them especially when they finish them on the grill. The place has a alot of charm and the everyone is welcome kind of feeling. It's good for lunch or a starting point to the evening. They have some pretty good food and drink specials so be sure to ask. Plus, they do breakfast on the weekends!
3	From the outside, and the location, the place is not appealing - in a generic parking lot in a generic neighborhood ... but once you walk in the door, it has a good feel and the people all look down to earth.  Everyone is friendly.  The peanuts on the table are great - I happened to be hungry on arrival so this kept me going.  The waitress was great, and the beer selection outstanding.  So far so good!  The salad was 'not bad' for a bar; but the 'gyro' sandwich - ugh!  they simply place the lettuce on top of the pita bread, then a few very thin and not particularly tasty pieces of meat, then smother the whole thing with masses of white sauce, which didn't taste too much like 'tahina' to me.  And the fries it came with were lukewarm ... fries HAVE to be hot and fresh!  So full marks for atmosphere and beer, but big disappointment on the food.  next time I'll stick to the burgers...
1	We used to go to Teakwoods all the time for lunch.  However, their sub-par service is the reason why I never go there anymore.Dont get me wrong, their grilled hot wings are some of the best I have had.  I just cant take an hour and a half for lunch.  I would not write this review if this happened once or twice.  They consistently deliver the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to.  I dont think there has ever been a time at teakwoods where I got out of there in less than an hour.  They seem to take forever for even the simplest of requests.  If you have time to waste, go check out teakwoods.  They are very good at making sure they waste as much as possible.
