4	This deli is where I first discovered the famed black and white cookie. My life has really never been the same since, truth be known.Last year, when I went home for Christmas, my mom took me here with a large amount of gift certificates and encouraged me to select whatever I wanted. Thus, I have tried almost everything the deli has to offer, and it's all good. Seriously. From tuna salad to bagels to pastries, Las Vegas has a really great East Coast style deli and this is it.
4	Seriously yummalicious baked goods! Huge sandwiches. The corned beef can be a little dry. The best mazoh ball soup in Vegas. Good smoked fish. This is the best Jewish deli in Vegas.
3	Bagels, Bagels and more Bagels!!!  And Jewish deli bagels, so you know they're good!You can order any sandwich on a bagel, or just have the bagel plain.  Of course they offer a variety of so-so salads and sandwiches on a different choice of bread, but why try anything other than what the place is named after.  Cleary, bagels are their thing. They have a great soup and bagel special 5 days a week featuring a different soup of the day.  I highly recommend the Tuesday soup of the day: Tomato Basil Soup+Bagel=I'm not mad it's only Tuesday, anymore.Try it!
4	Great east-coast style deli in an unsuspecting location.  I've just been once, but the bagels and coffee were excellent, especially the bagels.  There's a big bakery and an extensive lunch & dinner menu.  My potatoes were cold, but that's my only complaint.
5	Of all the places to put a restaurant in...it's like wedged in a complex that houses doctors! Parking's crap because everyone in Vegas drives huge things like Hummers and try to park (unsuccessfully) in a spot meant for a compact car from the 80s. What happens is the assholes in the Hummers end up taking 2 spots.  Here's some advice -- if you can't drive the damn thing, don't buy it, ok? If after 2 years you still can't park it with deference to other people, sell it, ok?What I love about Bagel Cafe is their matzoh ball soup. Best goddamn matzoh ball soup I've ever had. EVAR.  EVAR!I'm also a huge fan of their breakfasts, but I go there for their bagels (I have wet dreams about their onion bagels) and matzoh ball soup. When you order their matzoh ball soup, it comes with a bagel - how else do you think I got a crush on a bagel?!It can get crowded and hectic and *very* loud...but worth it when they place that bowl of matzoh ball goodness in front of you. It's like I'm meeting the love of my life the first time -- everything around me dims and all I can see before me is a yummy toasted onion bagel and a bowl of orgasmic goodness waiting for me...Desserts from here are ok - they're not very sweet, but they will hit the spot. Out of all their desserts, I find I like their macaroons the best.
4	Yum! Great menu, lots of choices. The sandwiches are giant like a deli sandwich should be. I'm anxious to go back and have a breakfast there :) The bagels are awesome, like bagels are supposed to be....nice, dense and with great flavor. Will definitely come back to this place for more bagel sandwich goodness!!
5	This place is one of those best kept secrets of the west side.  Every meal I have had there is "your mom cooked it" good (assuming your mom knows how to cook).  They always have an elaborate pastry selection.  The black-and-whites are addictive, and the Cheesecakes are trouble-on-a-plate.  Everyone there has always been friendly, service superb, and prices really very reasonable, especially for the quality of food.  Several dishes for under $10, a few that are $11-12.  My survey of the price range is $$, because you won't get out of here without buying enough pastries to feed everyone at work the next day.They have a deli as well, but I have yet to take advantage of that.  My personal dish of choice is the Brisket and Potato pancakes.  I have tried and tried to make those Potato pancakes at home, but can't seem to nail it.  So until then, I will have to dine here, and resist the pastries.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, and this is one of them.
5	One of the best places to go for breakfast. Food is yummy yummy.  It is a like a real New York diner.  My husband and I love it.  We always get the spinach feta omelet. Mmmmmmmm. I also love the honey wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese. The staff is great and they get to know the regular customers, which is really nice.
5	Ok, so maybe it's a bit ironic to call the Jewish Deli/Bakery the "Holy Grail" of Jewish restaurants, but we recently moved to Las Vegas from LA, and I've been looking everywhere to find a place like this.  As it turned out it was less than a mile from our new house.  They have amazing bagels, pastry, and other jewish food, and great breakfast too.  It's a can't miss place!
4	How did I not ever review The Bagel Cafe?  Well, I guess I did live down the street from this place for two years before ever eating here.   The Bagel Cafe is one of my girlfriend's favorite restaurant, so I've been here quite a few times this year.  They have a huge menu with decent prices, and they have all the regular Jewish food you'd hope for, from matzo ball soup to blintzes.  It's all delicious!
4	Oh, sweet black & white cookies!This place is awesome. There is no other word for it. No matter what time of day, it's always crowded. However, even with the crowd I always get excellent service. This is one of the best sandwich shops in town, if not THE best. If you can believe it, the bologna is to die for. The roast beef is also delicious. It doesn't have any of that gag-worthy pink sheen that you so often see on roast beef.  The egg-salad is perfect - I think the secret ingredient must be some sort of bottled love of grandmothers. The restaurant has got a handle on the details, and I love that.  Menus that look like newspapers. Homemade pickles. Special cream cheese.Oh yes, the cookies. When you first walk in it feels like walking into Wilka Wonka's chocolate factory. The dessert case may even have angelic lights shining on it. Everything is made daily and is well-worth cheating on the diet. Although the prices are a bit high (around $10 for a sandwich) you will definitely have leftovers for lunch the next day. My 4 out of 5 stars is because the prices are a bit much to keep me from eating there on a regular basis and the parking lot is a bit harrowing.
5	I have no idea why I gave this place a 4 star rating originally. There is nothing wrong with this place other than it is so damn good that the line is long. The sandwhiches are piled high, the portions are huge, and the prices are appropiate. Get the salmon schmear for a buck more, it's worth it.
5	The Bagel Cafe has to be one of the best breakfast (and lunch) spots in Vegas. It has character, they make their customers feel like family and the food is amazing. One of the things I feel like many Las Vegans complain about is the lack of these types of family owned restaurants. Since this is right by my house, I eat there almost 2-3 times per month.It is perfect for takeout or sit-in, they also have a huge selections of desserts, which are perfect if you just want a little something to crave your sweet tooth or you are looking for a full on cake to bring to a party.For breakfast I am hooked on the veggie omelet, with sliced tomatoes and an everything bagel. (The lite scallion cream cheese is my weakness!) They actually have good strong house coffee too!For lunch their fresh tuna and egg salad sandwiches are so good and HUGE!One of things that continues to draw me into this place is that unlike most breakfast places you don't feel like you are consuming a thousand calories! Their food tastes fresh and healthy! Of course if you get Biscuits and Gravy or something like that you are probably looking at a boat load of calories/fat, but overall I don't feel like they cover their food in butter or grease.
4	Simpy the best deli in Vegas; the liverwurst sandwich is my favorite. However, the takeout service can be spotty at times, so be prepared to wait a long time (10 minutes +) or walk out as I did yesterday, Feb 08, at around 2 PM when they had only one guy working behind the counter. And there were 3 other customers in line behind me!
3	What's a good way to start Saturday Morning in Las Vegas....Bagels and Starbucks! The breakfast bagels came with cream cheese and we probably got about a dozen bagels. The bagels were tasty, definitely a little hard on the outside but still good. Got the bagels and headed to the Starbucks drive though :)
4	I can't seem to order anything but the matzo ball chicken soup...I try and try to order something different but end up getting the same thing!  I have tried different bagels and they've always been fresh and wonderful.  The matzo ball soup has always been great, but sometimes (two or three times out of the many times I have eaten there) the soup tastes old and the matzo is mushy.  Most of the time it's great.  Maybe because I usually go late in the day...I sometimes find myself scared to eat there after lunch as I hate the taste of old chicken.  I do love lunch there.
1	I had a disappointing experience here.  I like the unpretentious (if downscale), neighborhood feel of the place.  But other than that, Bagel Cafe has little going for it. The bagels are not that great--I'd take Einstein Bagels any day over bagels from this place.  And the service is not particularly pleasant.  But the worst thing was that I walked in for the first time and ordered a bagel and cup of tea from the counter.  Being my first time I didn't realize there was table service.  But despite half the tables being open, the wait staff refused to let me sit at a table and enjoy my bagel and tea.  They were more concerned about "policy" than letting a new customer enjoy himself in their establishment.  Very disappointing.
3	I do like this place but if my friends were not planning to go here, I do not think it would be my first choice for lunch or breakfast.Been here a few times before, got seated quickly with a party of 6. Took a little bit to order but that was okay as at least we were given our drinks. I ordered a bagel breakfast sandwich with cheese and one egg, and some breakfast potatoes. Both were alright, not the best, but it left me satiated. My crazy boyfriend however, had the LARGEST slice of tiramisu cake I have ever seen in my life. I thought it was the entire cake. He downed that thing like a champ! I didn't take a bite but it sure looked good!Overall this cafe is alright - not my favorite, but I don't oppose to it either. Kind of limited selection for vegetarians which is why for me it is one way or the other. I will have to come in some other time to grab some black and white cookies from their bakery, as their desserts seem to be more mouth-watering than their other goods. Maybe I'll find something yummier next time.
4	I have a confession to make... I have an obsession with tongue.That's right folks - tongue. I love it. Name the animal - duck, pig, cow - it's definitely one of the best eating parts of the animal. (what, were thinking about something else? You guys have dirty minds ;P  !) Being Asian, my parents indoctrined this love at a very early age.When I discovered that Jewish delis were into tongue too (and liver, yum!), I pretty much loved hitting up inexpensive places to nosh.I was kind of depressed in Vegas because... well, on the Strip, you pass by all these famous delis that basically rape your wallet.You can imagine how happy I was to find the Bagel Cafe! My hubby got the pastrami and I ordered the tongue sandwich. Perfection. Really. And not hard on the wallet either which is the best part.I did try a slice of Boston Creme cake and it is totally junky good.
4	My husband recommended Bagel Cafe for brunch.  He'd been there before based on a review that rated them as one of the top 3 soup places in Vegas.Nice neighborhood in Summerlin, clean and pretty new.  In front of you when you walk in are large displays with smoke fish and other bagel condiments, various fresh bagels, and a nice size offering of huge cookies and pastries, including chocolate chunk cookies, macaroons, rugelach, rice pudding, flan, turnovers, brownies, and more!This is a "seat yourself" place with quick, friendly service and a whimsical menu that looks and feels like a small newspaper.  The menu offerings are numerous!  I had the biscuits and gravy - yum!  They make their own biscuits and they were soooo much better than the kind you can make at home and they were huge!  My husband had matza ball soup.  After tasting it I understand why they were rated one of the top soup places - wow!The prices were very impressive!  My humongous biscuits and gravy were only $5.95, $7.50 with two eggs.I doubt we will often travel across town to eat here, but if you're in the area it is well worth it!
5	As good as it gets!  Great breakfasts and crazy good desserts at a fair price with good service.
1	So by now you know we eat out a lot.  We eat out with our kids at restaurants probably more than any other family in LV!!  Bagel Cafe is about a mile away, so it's been another stand-by...but not anymore.First, their breakfast food and sandwiches are still great.  That's probably never going to change.  But we don't go there for dinner anymore like we used to.  Maybe you don't order a steak at a place called Bagel Cafe, but the last two times my wife wanted steak (while the kids wanted Matzoh Ball soup and stuffed cabbage!), the steak was nearly inedible - gristly, thin, not cooked evenly, and I would hate to see the expiration date on the meat, as it tasted pretty rancid.  I can almost picture a "Gordon Ramsay discovers something disgusting" Kitchen Nitemares moment, covering his mouth over a trash bin after a tirade of expletives.Which brings me to my other HUGE gripe about Bagel Cafe....and it's not pleasant.  The bathrooms...are disgusting...'nuff said.  Maybe it's a result of the huge traffic they get for morning/brunch, and they simply can't stop to check/clean the bathrooms during the day??  There's no excuse for disgusting bathrooms at a restaurant, and probably no greater turn-off, not to mention the health issues.Clearly, dinner is not their target meal, though they still list many great specials, at least the nights they're open past 5 p.m. (any day except Sun-Tue, I thnk).  To be fair, the traditional NY Deli type items are still great (yes, I too love tongue, liver, whitefish, and other hard-to-find deli sandwiches; knishes, etc.).  Bagel selection?  Fabulous.  The pastries still LOOK as good as ever, but sometimes, after 2-3 bites, I wish they were less sweet, less BIG, and tasted a little more 'special'.  Matzoh Ball soup?  Excellent, if you like the rich, thick, ultra-brothy variety that sometimes even have the layer of fat/oil floating on top.  Now I happen to like that, but today's finicky health-conscious 2010 diner may be immediately turned off....and watch out for the occasional bone shard! My last gripe about Bagel Cafe?  The tabletops are too small!  Maybe I have a sense of false entitlement for comfortable seating, but with the huge platter-size dishes (and additional plates for 'sides') they use, a 4-top with 4 people, even when 2 are kids, becomes a challenge in space planning and creative plate stacking.  OK, maybe this gets people in and out quicker...but I have to note this here as a legitimate complaint.  The booths are slightly roomier, but not much.  I feel like I'm sitting in the back row of a Southwest 737 with my seatback and traytable in their upright positions....I wish I could be nicer to this place!  The servers are friendly and fun, and the kitchen staff often comes out and yuks it up with the clientele.  Maybe they oughta have someone also make rounds of the bathrooms, too...   All this adds up to my first 1-star rating...Oh yeah...someone else mentioned the cashiers.  YES, I've had problems related to this also.  About 2 years ago, I saw triplicate charges coming through on my credit card about a month after dining here.  They resolved the problem by running credits through after the fact, but I had to bring it to their attention.  Also, if you watch your account like I do, you'll notice that they take FOREVER to clear your payment, which is always an indication that their internal controls and policies may be lacking.
5	Ask any New Yorker what they miss most about back home and every single time you get the same three food related responses. The pizza, the Chinese food, and the Bagels. While the former two are admittedly debatable there is clearly one great Bagel place in this town. The Bagel Cafe is just like back home. It's even worth a drive if you aren't very close by. I've tried Brooklyn bagel deli, big apple bagel, and a bunch of other "New York bagel" joints and nothing comes close. They are either too hard even when "freshly made" or just not right. I'm sure a lot has to do with climate here, I make pizzas here and understand that it's tricky. But this place gets it just right. You can order a dozen which actually gets you 14 and a pound of cream cheese for like 16 bucks if I remember correctly. The cream cheese is great here too. I get the regular but they have all sorts. They also have awesome desserts here as well. I'm a sucker for good rainbow/venetian cookies and cannolis! Mmm. They also have tons of other stuff I haven't had there yet, I go for the bagels. They have a large dine-in area also. And it's often busy here, though never really bad enough to have a wait. I can't recommend this place enough! That said I'm not huge on dining in here. But I never really dine in at Bagel shops. Not even back home except for when I was still in high school and one was right next door. So take that for what it's worth, I get mixed experiences the few times I've dined here for breakfast and lunch.
5	We went on a Saturday and despite it being super crowded, we didn't have to wait long to get seated. In the mean time, we split a blueberry muffin that was so delicious and buttery that it was worth the calories! My husband got a ham, egg and cheese on an everything bagel. I ordered a turkey on an everything bagel. They were amazing and definitely the best bagels in the valley. We came back here a few months later with my mom and sister because I had noticed how delicious the homefries and pancakes looked. I was incredibly impressed with both. The homefries have the perfect amount of seasoning on them, with both crispy parts and soft parts. The pancake was huge and light and fluffy, and almost tasted a little nutty. They were so delicious and you can add on a pancake to any of their breakfasts for just a little bit extra. This place is amazing and they have a huge selection of bagel flavors and a dessert case that will make your salivary glands start pumping...cakes, cookies, pastries, muffins... etc etc. etc. This place knows what they're doing and you wont' be dissapointed. Expect to wait a little bit on weekends and it can be a little cramped, but who cares when you're getting excellent service and the food is amazing!
5	Been here couple times for breakfast ,good nothing special. If u want special have the pastrami excellant and baked goods We took home black forest cake, carrot cake and eclair great not dry at all surprising when u buy cakes by the slice.
5	Real new York bagels. Matzoh ball soup from heaven. Big meat sandwiches. Slow roasted meats. Full on baked goods in pastry cases.  Deli counter. The sweetest waitresses. I wish it were closer to my home:(
4	Soup and sandwich is the best way to go b/c I'm always torn which way to go.  Go with the matzo ball soup with either a Pastrami/Brisket/Corn Beef/Tongue. Sometimes I'll mix it up with the Lox and Bagle, which is scurmdiliumcious.  Honestly you can't go wrong with any sandwich.  For a hearty appetite, go for the 1/2 lb sandwich and soup.  You won't be dissapointed. Save your appetite to take home some bagels, cookies, and cake.  Whenever I hit up this spot, i feel like I'm chillen with my J-Crew at the JCC - holla
4	Today just got the low carb cheesecake ,excellant very creamy and not to heavy, could not tell lo carb almost feel guilty eating this, like I said in my earlier post bakery outstanding .
5	Always a crowd pleaser. We love the bagels, but the rest of the desert case is to die for. We can even enjoy low carb cheese cake, creamy, smooth, great taste. Defintely should be tried.
2	As with most 2-star restaurants, I don't have too much to say. The bagels were "good". The corned beef hash was "good". Service was "ok". Pancakes "did the job". There was nothing truly remarkable about this place. EXCEPT... the waitress was noteworthy. She was consistently dropping parts of meals! I watched 2 pieces of bacon slide off the plate when she rounded a corner... and proceed to put it on our table! I even had to call her attention to it, and she needed to be reminded that we needed replacements! Later on she dropped someone's bagel basket completely. Now I know everyone has their days, but this lady was not in good form. Needless to say, I don't plan on going back. I'd much rather go to the Cracked Egg instead (see my review for it).
5	Can't afford a trip to NY? No problem, just come here and eat your heart out. Bagels are authentic NY style, food is too. I had the bologna omelet and there were no regrets. Wish it was closer though cuz on Sundays it would be nice to pick up some of the baked goods to offer guests after a fat-a$$ Sunday dinner. :)
4	Best Bagels in Las vegas, mediocre service, but who cares?Their Smoked salmon platter is my favorite, and their menu has so many diverse options like Challah french toast, whitefish spread, a sturgeon platter, a herring in wine sauce appetizer, and a delectable caviar cream cheese. I missed Russ & Daughters back in NYC a little less. Thanks Bagel Cafe.
4	New York Style Deli's are a touchy subject with me.  When done right, they are like staring into the face of God and having him smile back you and say "You are my most precious creation" but when done wrong, they make me sadder than Pauly Shore's acting career.  The Bagel is in the former category and can easily lay claim to best delicatessen in Las Vegas.Judge a Jewish deli by five things:  The rye bread, the pastrami, the knish, the sweet & sour cabbage soup and if they sell the black & white cookie.  Alright, that last one might be homage to Seinfeld, but the other 4 will definitely tell you if a Deli is worth it's salt.  The Bagel has them down.  First, the rye bread is fresh and the perfect consistency.  Its got a nice crust and the heels are a perfect complement to any of their soups or sandwiches.  Speaking of soups, their sweet & sour cabbage soup is dynamite.  Chocked full of cabbage and with a simple beef bouillon to absorb the flavors, its a nice lunch on a cold day...to remind you of back home in Jersey.  The pastrami is like butter and practically melts in your mouth and if you want to get fancy, upgrade to a Reuben.  Finally the Knish....where do I began?  You are so good, I'm officially declaring myself on "a gravy train with knish wheels."  So you're probably wondering why no five stars?  Well, the Bagel is excellent but I cant dis the original gangsta deli's like Brent's in LA, Manny's in Chicago or Katz's in New York by putting it on the same level so consider the Bagel 4 1/2 stars as it pays homage to the grand masters.  For Las Vegas however, you can't do any better.  Ohhh, and you're probably wondering why I never even brought up their namesake as well.  Bagels here are good, but bagels are bagels.  They do have an impressive selection and to go is available if you're not dining in.  They also have a bakery that would make my Bubby declare this place "Meshugganah!" the portions are so large....
4	I really, really enjoy this place. I can't honestly say that I'm the biggest deli person, but I do love their food. I'm not a big fan of cured meats, so I tend to shy away from the sandwiches. I usually order the french toast or matzo ball soup (minus the noodles). Everything here is pretty good. I love me some bagels and this place has a plethora to choose from. Every flavor you can imagine.The desserts look really good, and if the meal portions weren't so plentiful I'd actually be able to consume one after my meal... lol.Definitely a safe "go to" restaurant.
4	This is one of my friend's favorite places. And I'm not a big bagel fans. Maybe I have had 1 or 2 a year, and 4-5 in last 10 years.Just let me spell it out right now, my breakfast was edible. I can't even remember what I had. Typical and boring. My bagel and cream cheese were edible too.Why 4-star? Well, let me tell you the story...While we were waiting, I had a chance to glance at the dessert and pastry sections. I don't have a sweet tooth. So the selection was just yawning. And against my religion, they were twice the price than those in southern CA.Why 4-star?Well, I spotted the sugar free apple and regular peach pies. They were heavy and delicious looking. So I bought one each on the impulse. After I tasted it later, the flavor were GOOD, but it's too mushy underneath. I had to "bake" it upside down and inside out, to firm up the texture.Well, that's not a 4-star experience. You're right. There are more to it...While I was biting my breakfast item, I saw this bread with the corner of my eyes. This pile of breads was sitting on top of the shelf hiding behind the row of tall metal trays of baked carb. Memory flashback....I had munched on freshly baked ambrosia tasting bread cooked by a friend in a ranch just half a year ago. It was good not just when it came fresh out of the oven, but as good when it was French toasted in thick slice on a grill.The bread was challah and it was braided. So I bought one large loaf on the impulse. $5. That's the 2nd time in one day in one restaurant. And it was good and delicious.So diners, I bet the items on the menu were good. That's why the restaurant was busy. My eyes were really set on the Challah.
5	I love a good breakfast! And Bagel Cafe is definitely able to make my list. I love that you can choose from the many different bagels they make instead of toast. My favorite, the spinach bagel. I enjoy the spinach and bacon omelet. I haven't been disappointed yet. We love the bakery goods too! Have you seen their cases filled with sweat treats? You gonna drool, just looking. Went in to pick up dozen bagels, some fresh strawberry cream cheese spread, and found a table full of pies, as Thanksgiving was coming up. I got one of their sweet potatoe pies, it was the best! Little did I know my mother in law had the same idea, she picked up one at the grocery store, and well, mine gotten eaten up! You need to go at least once, then you'll be back. This place is great!
5	I just found a piece of lox in my refrigerator. I bought here about six weeks ago right before getting ridiculously sick. Instead of grossing me out, the ancient piece of fish just made me want to go back to the Bagel Cafe to restock on fresh stuff.It's about 35 minutes each way for me to get to Bagel Cafe, which seems like a long way to travel for bagels, but they are without question the best bagels I've had outside of NJ/NY. Having grown up there, I am very particular about bagels. You won't catch me dead in an Einstein. But these bagels are, in a word, fantastic.They're oversized, big like real New York bagels should be. The crust of the bagel is browned just enough in the baking process, the crumb of the bagels remain chewy and moist.Another feather in their cap: Bagel Cafe puts a TON of stuff on their bagels. Getting a dozen garlic always results in a massive pile of loose garlic in the bottom of the bag.As much as I swoon over their bagels (I also really like the onion, asiago and jalapeno cheddar), there's much more here than that. I also like getting a little hand-sliced lox here - while I haven't had anything else from the deli, it all smells OH so good.As for the dessert case ... I have to plead guilty here. The massive slabs of tiramisu, Napoleons, moist and fragrant macaroons, and ridiculously good (and ridiculously big) muffins, and best of all, rugelach - chocolate, raspberry, apple cinnamon and almond. Score.A dozen bagels (which is actually 14) is just $10 here, which is sort of insanely cheap. Unfortunately, all the other non-bagel stuff here is so tempting that I wind up easily dropping $30 or more whenever I walk in the door.But man, is it worth it.
5	Being use to Delis from Detroit plus I am critical of delis in general. Bagel Cafe is as good as it gets.  Pastrami and Corned Beef are as good as I've had anywhere.  Same goes for the lox.  Bagels are good for Las Vegas but nothing like I am use to from Detroit. Great Black n Whites too.
4	The only place in Vegas where I have found delicious lox.  All of the meats and salads are fresh...my husband specifically likes the chicken salad. The black and white cookies also must be mentioned as they are the best Vegas has, though not close too ones in NY or NJ. The matzoh ball soup is good, but pricey, at $7/cup. Give me the $12 lox platter with veggies and a bagel and I'm happy.
4	They do both take out pastry/bagels as well as a sit down restaurant at which you can order from a menu of HUGE proportions of food as well as the take-out items,The dine-in food was good. I had the omlet, it was huge and it was enough for two people! The service was pretty good and it was clean. I was glad to get a booth, most tables are just sort of stuck in the middle of the room. I have never seen a wait for seating but it always seems busy!Most of the time I just do the take out items, which range from "mini" cheesecakes (around $5) to homemade twinkies (with not quite enough filling), to bagel & egg sandwiches(more reasonably priced around $4). Everything is very large but so wonderful, I've never gotten something I didn't like!My favorite dessert was the lemon bar, its amazing! I even opted for one instead of a birthday cake :)The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was the price. It is a lot of food but some of the desserts and menu items seem to be on New York or Strip prices. Oh well it is worth it :)
4	This place is a great getaway from the usual breakfast and lunch restaurants, providing a wonderful deli/bakery counter that has great buys.  Everything is good here.  I tried their pastries, cookies, breads, and their bagels--of course.  What I love are the shmears that they make.  We had the caviar one and OH MAN was it good!If you're looking for a great bakery and deli, come here.  They sell things you probably won't find anywhere else.
4	Garlic cheddar cream cheese changed my life. Super slow service though. The matzoh ball and chicken noodle soup are both good. They also offer a grilled cheese with tomato and bacon which I always plan on ordering but then the bagels just look so good.... don't go here on your lunch if you work in corporate america like me and only get an hour break unless you work literally across the street. They have a huge dessert selection. Staff is nice, they just are not in a hurry. I totally recommend going here and getting a dozen bagels and cream cheese for your co-workers in the morning. They are the best bagels in town.
5	Pastrami not as good as Carnegie on The Strip, but their desserts, knishes and matzo ball soup are to die for! Best items:Greatest hamantaschen in town with a nice chewy cookie with a lemony zest! Rugelach are excellent as well. Try the raspberry with cream cheese or the chocolate. Black and white's are awesome. Of course there's the bagels. These are some of the best homemade knishes in town with golden crusts and fluffy, garlicky fillings that scream eat me! Babka is good as well. The challah is good quality, but not quite as good as Weiss Deli in Henderson. Also, I prefer the smoked whitefish of Weiss and Levy's to their chunkier variety. The celery and other hunks detract from the smooth smokiness that I crave. The stuffed cabbage is good, but not as good as Carnegie on The Strip. The brisket dinner I had once was decent, but I've had much better.
3	Really depends on what you get.  If you get the pastrami sandwich be prepared to love life.  Nice, slightly peppery and with a decent fat content.  Sometimes you get pastrami that's a little dry so their consistency of quality could be better.Also have sat down to have breakfast there a  number of times.  Sometimes it's delicious and sometimes it's surprisingly mediocre.  Stick to their french toast as opposed to their omelet.  Bagels and cream cheese are always top quality there as well.  Their desserts are huge and I've found them to be incredibly mediocre.  I know Jewish delis traditionally have those big desserts - but I'm not interested in paying like $5 for a big pile of flour and sugar thrown together.  Make it smaller and I'll pay the $5 for a quality product.
2	Overrated and expensive. Bagels are tasteless - tried egg, sesame and one other. Anyone connecting them to NY bagels needs to try a good NY bagel back east and reconsider. Corned beef saved the second star in this review.
4	I went here on Sunday around noon with a group of 6. We waited 20 minutes to be seated, but that is not bad at all considering this is probably the best New York bakery in Las Vegas. The wait also went by quickly because they have tons of baked goods to nosh on. I grabbed a perfect black and white cookie. For breakfast, I ordered 3 eggs, bacon and a super egg bagel with nova schmear. The bagel and bacon were great, but I was a little disappointed by the eggs. One thing I missed out on were the coffee shakes. Next time I come, I'll try one of these. Considering how busy they were the service was good too. See you next Sunday.
3	Stopped in for lunch with Dad. It's so hectic in here. The environment is a little stressful and the service scattered. As instructed, we sat ourselves then attempted to flag someone down to clean the table. I ordered a nonfat sugar free raspberry latte. ($4.75)  It was excellent. Dad had coffee. Much later, a different server took our order. Dad had egg salad on a sourdough bagel with coleslaw as his side. I had a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese and the potato pancake appetizer. We asked for water twice, then got it. Asked for silverware and so on... Fortunately, we got everything we needed, it was just frazzled. My bagel was good. Not great. The cream cheese is served on the side so you don't get the satisfaction of the warm melty goodness because your bagel is luke by the time it gets to you. Dad lit up like a Christmas tree eating his sandwich and slaw. Said it was awesome. Later, (?) I received my potato pancake. Looked crispy and delicious. Bite #2 revealed an ice cold center. Grrrrrr! Flagged someone down and sent it back. Received a hot one 10 minutes later. It was delicious! Remarkably good. Crispy, oniony, perfectly seasoned. Smeared it with sour cream and applesauce and enjoyed. Bill was $22 for the 2 of us. $27 with tip. All in all, good. We ended up getting everything we needed. Food was very good. Just some rough patches. Place is jammin though!
4	Great food, healthy quantities.  Not giving 5 stars because it CAN be a bit pricy.  But otherwise, I love that place.
5	I resisted the bagel. Bagel, shmagel I thought, until Bagel Cafe.  A toasted fresh honey wheat bagel has twisted me around, and wow, now I get it. Put a little cinnamon raisin shmear on it, and yeah. YUM. Their quiche is really really good. Matzoh Ball soup was good. Comes with bagel. The pastry case looks incredibly impressive. Most of the items are HUGE, and a bit pricey, but just keep in mind that they are more a treat for your eyes than your taste buds. Yes, they look better than they taste.
4	Easily the best bagels in Las Vegas. They aren't NY bagels, but nothing is. The counter (to-go) staff is quick and efficient. There's never much of a wait. The sit down area is hit and miss from what I can tell. The waitresses are all nice, but not ways fast. Lastly, if you're ever feeling old go here on a Sunday before 9am and you'll feel young again. It seems as if the minimum age is 80.
3	Would be 4 stars if you didn't BURN MY BAGELS every time you toast them. Get a new toaster, please! We've been eating at The Bagel Cafe for 2 years now and have never had a non-burnt bagel served to us with our Matzo-ball soup. Love that you have Onion bagels, hate that all of the onion bits are burnt to carcinogen level 5 every time. I'm talking black as night. A tragedy. PLEASE invest in a new toaster, or turn it way down even though it might slow down your turn and burn... (pun intended)Great Matzo-ball soup, though!
4	Our first time experience was very good! Service was great, staff was nice, food was really good, desserts were hit or miss. Definitely a place to check out for breakfast/ brunch!
5	I've lived in vegas ten years and this place just gets better. From their killer breakfasts with perfect bagels, to the mile high deli style sandwiches, and last but not least their bakery which makes the best cookies and rugelach.
3	Their coffee and bagels are great. My omelet was big, bland and boring, though. Also, I never, ever trust a bakery whose pastries are that oversized; they're usually trying to compensate for lack of flavor or quality.I'd give them fewer stars, however their name is BAGEL Cafe, and their bagels ARE pretty decent.
4	Another place I must visit when I'm out in Vegas. Of course, I've only been here 3 times and each time I get the same thing. Lump Crab Eggs Benedict. Heaven in my mouth! I don't come here for the coffee, which is drinkable, but not the best. I come here for this heavenly lump crab dish.... and the deli/bakery items. My mom had me try the potato cakes last time we were there and..... excuse me. Had to take a breather. Just thinking about those delicious, wonderful potato concoctions with the apple sauce.... Yummmmmmmmm.The cafe service has been great for me each time. The last time I was there was on a Sunday morning and they were jam packed!!! The waitress was great and attentive, even though the place was packed. On busy days, I understand poaching eggs can be a little difficult because there's a lot more to pay attention to, so when I pointed out that my eggs had been overcooked, without hesitation, she comped me for one of my favorite things in the bakery. (I didn't want them remade.... they were still edible)The bakery staff is why this place didn't receive a 5 star rating from me. Since I'm still new to the place, I didn't know that you had to stand in line at the deli to get service at the bakery. No one spoke up and when I tried to get the attention of one of the guys, I was blown off. When I finally received service, I placed my order and then asked for something from the deli. He treated my request as a big inconvenience. Needless to say, if it's a busy day, I'll just eat at the cafe and leave my bakery/deli order for another, less busy time.Their food is great. Their bakery and deli items are delicious. I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone, but I would tell them to be patient and try to go when it's not so busy.
5	A very affordable and delicious option for any meal! Every time I have eaten at Begel Cafe has been a wonderful dining experience. My friends and I make trips here pretty regularly and although we usually have a party of 4 or more, they always seat us quickly. I have only eaten here for breakfast and lunch but I have never been disappointed. The food is very good and I always go home feeling satisfied. I have had many things on the menu and I have yet to have something I didn't like. I never seem to have room for dessert, however they have a large selection. Just perusing the pasties on the shelves up front is enough to make your mouth water.
4	Nom nom nom nom nom....I've been to this place twice, and it's always been pleasing. This time around I had a chili omelette. Yes, yes, I know, it's called "Bagel Cafe," not "Omelette Cafe." But there's so much good stuff here, I couldn't resist. I did have an onion bagel though with it, and it was tasty. If I'm not mistaken, they make all their bagels, so you knew it was fresh. I'm a big fan of delis, and I REAAAAAAAAAAAALLY wanted the pastrami bagel sandwich, but I went with breakfast. It's another one of those places where you're constantly torn between breakfast or lunch.I was a little disappointed by the service this time, but normally it's pretty good. I do have to say that I saw my friend's chicken noodle soup. It looks ah-MA-zing. Maybe I will have to get that with the pastrami sandwich. If I can just get past the breakfast portion.
3	One morning I decided I liked my roommates(hehehe) and I stopped by this place to pick up breakfast  (BAGELS).  When I walked in, it was clean and nice.  They had a great selection of Bagels and Vream Cheese.  If your a Garlic Lover, they have the best Garlic Cream Cheese Ever!  Their Prices were great and their Staff was helpful in every way possible.  And I have stupid questions like "How do I get the Bagels"  lolAnyways,  It was nice, but a little pricey on their deli section.I will be back!
5	This is the closest your going to get to an authentic NY Bagel shop.  I really enjoy their food.
5	One of the best places I found in Vegas for a traditional East coast style deli experience.  They have a large selection of fresh bagels made daily with most flavors and styles you can imagine available.  They have a very large dessert case with some very decadent entries.  They also have the good old fashioned big old piled with meat deli sandwich available.The Pizza Bagel is always enormous and tasty, but its a tall order to finish it alone.  The deli sandwiches are similar, piled high with your choice of various deli meats.  I always liked the cajun spiced turkey breast as well as the classic pastrami, but you really can't go wrong.If you're from an area that has true delis and are missing it, give The Bagel Cafe a try.  Its the closest thing I found to what I love about visiting NYC.
5	They have the best bagels in Vegas! It reminds me of NY bagels and deli! Love this place!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE breakfast here... The omelets are amazing... Bagels are fresh and cream cheese that you cannot find anywhere! Their desserts are incredible and have something that appeals to everyone in your party! It's a bit tucked away, but if you're ever in the area, try it! You won't be disappointed!
3	Hey Bagel lovers!!!I've been missing New York bagels and been on a quest to find my go to bagel shop! After a quick search on yelp and all the awesome reviews... I found BC.Came here for breakfast recently with a gf of mines. We dined in and ordered the chocolate chip with strawberry cream cheese and egg bagel with strawberry cream cheese. We also decided to try out the potato pancake since it was a popular menu item on yelp reviews.Food was ok. Service could have been way better. Our waitress forgot about us throughout our meal. lame! On the positive side, there was no wait to be seated! and the guy behind the counter gave me his honest option and told me the blueberry bagel batch wasn't looking good that morning. Would I come back? Probably not. Unless I'm driving by and craving a bagel, BC wouldn't be my ideal spot for breakfast.Love the cool newspaper menu and all of the yummy carby treats in the glass window.If you love big bagels and live in the area, stop by BC.- Miss Yelp 2011
3	I desperately want to like the Bagel Cafe more than 3 stars. I like bagels, I like cafes. Hence perfect match, right? The only think is that I cannot find anything I like beyond the bagels and pastries.We used to go to the Bagel Cafe every weekend cause it was down the street from my bf's old domicile. I don't know if I am being fussy but I just don't like their omelettes or eggs for that matter. The eggs are always a bit overcooked for me and I really don't like their assembly. The omelette has a slice of cheese slapped on top. And since I am not a fan of bell peppers I do not like their seasoned potatoes. And it seems like every time I go their bacon is undercooked.So the things I have liked so far are, of course, their bagels. My personal favorite is the sesame, my bf usually likes the asiago. The garlic cheddar cream cheese is good but it is so strong that after a while it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I also like the cheese blintzes, they are very large and full of sweet cheese. Tthe potato pancakes are pretty good as well.Edit: for clarity
3	I've heard so many things about this place that we just HAD to try it!  It was also second on our list of places to go when Baby Cakes Cafe had an over 45 minute wait. First, parking seems to be at a premium at this location.  Good luck finding parking.  Second, it  took us about 5 minutes to be acknowledged / seated.  They were busy but it was acceptable.  What stood out to me here was how irritated the older folks behind me were getting.Third, the service - like I said it was busy. Extremely busy.  We did get our drink orders in and our actual orders in quickly after we put our menus down.Fourth, the food!  The food came out after a 15 minute wait.  My wife ordered the multi-grain pancakes which were HUGE!  I ordered the colorado Omlet with a Raisin Bagel w/ Raisin Cream Cheese.  My wife's multi-grain pancakes smelled AWESOME!  They even tasted very good.  ;)My Colorado omelet, which consisted of Bell Peppers, Cheese and ham was just "meh."  It was dry and kind of cold by the time I got it.  Nothing to write home about.  What did redeem the meal was the bagel.  Very good!Over all, the place was clean, the staff was busy but still friendly.  I would come here again to try something else.  It'd have to be after breakfast was over though!
5	My husband and I discovered this place a few years back, and I have yet to review! Long overdue.This is the BEST place in Las Vegas to get bagels.  (We are originally from New York, so we know good bagels.)  The bagels here are huge, and so soft on the inside.  The dough is delicious.  They also have a large variety of flavored cream cheeses. Their selection of bakery cookies and pastries is large, and they're delicious too! We have come here for breakfast and lunch, and every time it's delicious.  Here's what you should try:BagelsMatzohball soupChocolate ruggalahPicklesAny sandwich!I wasn't a big fan of the egg slad, but it's because I like really wet egg salad and theirs is more traditionally dry. Service is always great.  It's a bit more pricey, but you're getting quality food that you can't find anywhere else.
3	Heard so much about the crab eggs Benedict that I just had to try it. I drove from Chinatown all the way to the bagel cafe on buffalo just to try this much recommended plate.  Monday  2:00 pm the place wasn't busy, went in right away and sat myself, place looks very nice and clean. The menu is in a newspaper form, very nice but I prefer the ones with color pictures. (need glasses)Waitress came over ( very nice by the way) offered me drinks and asked me if I needed few minutes to decide on my meal.Oh no thank you!  I know exactly what I want! I'll have the crab eggs Benedict that I heard so much of! Drove all the way here just for that, can't wait to try them! Ah, with extra sauce please.-" sorry we don't have that right now "                                                                      (and that's how you lose a star)
4	Love this place! it's close to home, the bakery section has huge servings and always delicious and the dining area is usually crowded with fellow diners. The lox and bagel is A+, best I've had in town so far. This place isn't cheap so make sure you have some cash to spare
5	I love their Matzo ball soup and their chicken salad. The best combo in the world is the Matzo ball soup with a 1/2 chicken salad on an everything bagel. They actually give you the entire bagel with a "smaller" portion of chicken salad. But, the portion is not small. I can eat one half with my soup and enjoy the other later.I love the butter cookies and the chocolate rugula from the deli. I usually get these to go and enjoy these at home.The counter is unfriendly though. I always feel rushed and have to put on my big girl pants to get my order. I don't understand why it has to be this way. The waitresses are friendly. But, I guess they have to go with the rude deli to make it feel authentic.
4	Awesome lox spread and bagels, but $11 for a ham and cheese sandwich, never again.
5	Always get a great breakfast fast service. I always eat here at least once when I am in Vegas.
5	I've never had a bad experience here! The people are nice and the food is delicious! I think the seating is kind of weird because all the table are in the center of the room surrounded by booths, it feels a little awkward, but that would be my only complaint and it is definitely not worth not trying this place out! One of my favorite places in Vegas. Yum :)
4	Crab eggs benedict? Yes, please!I came here for bagels on a Saturday morning and after further studying the menu, I knew I had to return.  And I did. Less than 24 hours later.  We dined in both times. I shared the fish platter (belly lox) with my mom and it was fantastic. The bagels were delicious and the serving of cream cheese is enough to serve 3.  The following day, I returned with the whole family in tow, and tried the Crab eggs benedict.  It was delicious, but the ONLY downfall was that the poached egg was overcooked.  I asked the waitress about it, and she said that is how they normally do it, and next time to specify that I want the runny egg-yolk goodness instead.  The crab cakes were crabulicious and I can just imagine how much more amazing they will be with my yolk of choice.  My husband and mom both ordered "Overstuffed Meat Sandwiches" (pastrami and brisket) and our mouths watered as the tower of meat was served.  They both ordered whole sandwiches and had enough to take home for an afternoon snack.  The service was quick and very friendly. It is quite the happenin' place (especially around brunch time on the weekends) so I recommend calling in advance to put your name on the list if their is a long wait.  Although if there is a wait, there is a take-out area with displays of bagels and cream cheese, meats, smoked fish, and pastries galore to wet your appetite.
5	First off, I have been eating here since 1996. It is a East Coast style deli, bakery and cafe. They have one of the largest menus with no disappointments in site, except if they are out of what you wanted. They have traditional Jewish dishes and definitely the best bagel in Las Vegas.
4	My most recent visit has made me have to dock a star...the service wasn't up to par and neither was the food. I don't think it's gone down in quality, but I think we just caught the place on a bad day. My bagel and cream cheese was still delicious, though!Note to self: I'm there for the matzoh ball soup or pastrami sandwich. Anything else is a huge mistake. They drown their salads in dressing - make sure to ask for it on the side.
4	Great menu, quality and selection, but I just never see how anyone can charge $15 for a pound of any type of meat.  It doesn't cost $15 for the whole damm corn beef.  Their keiser rolls were just over $1 for EACH. Yes they were big but still that is pricey.  I think this is a great place but just pricey is all.
4	Great for bagels and cream cheese.  Go for the herb cream cheese spread.  They give tons of, it watch out.
5	We ordered the combination plate for 1 and shared! It is totally enough, but you will need a extra bagel. It was great, we loved the desserts, they are HUGE! One thing that we missed is that the combination plate doesn't come with capers. But still great.
4	Love, love, love this deli!  I have never had a bad meal here and actually get cravings for their hot pastrami sandwich with swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian dressing....oh, dear, feel another craving coming on!  See you this weekend!
4	This place apparently had some great sandwiches, but after seeing their breakfast menu, I couldn't resist the biscuits and gravy. They turned out excellent. The sausage left a little to be desired, but that's the only reason I'm giving it a four. Go and enjoy!
4	I spent my formative culinary years in New York City.  I know a good bagel!  That doesn't make me Einstein, nor will we mention that name again in a review about bagels.  I am happy to say I have officially named The Bagel Cafe the second best bagel in Las Vegas.  You might think that is no big deal, but it took me more than 20 repeat visits to issue this award.   Now let's get on with the details.The place is apparently owned by one of two brothers.  I heard the other brother owns the bagel place at Suncoast.  I also heard they don't get along.  It's just a rumor...  but an interesting one.  The bagels here are nearly perfect.  A certain hardness is required on the outside to match a chewy inner bagel.  They come real close to New York perfection here.  They have all the required varieties, and appropriate toppings.  Whitefish salad to Cream Cheese and Salmon they have it all and it's tasty.  The service is typical New York style.  No warm friendly teenagers who want you to know their name here.  More like veteran deli personnel who are bored stiff with your order.   That is not a complaint, by the way.  I love it all.  I feel like I am down on East 14th street all over again.  The food comes quickly with no fanfare.  The plates and trimmings are all deli standard.  The restaurat is clean and even the bathrooms aren't awful, though the line can get out of hand and make things unpleasant.  If you on weekends, plan to wait in line.  If you are a fan of NY deli... plan to spend some $ after the meal in their deli.  Grab some lox and bagels to go.  I'd even pick up a bag of Wise chips for lunch tomorrow.  (The plain Wise chips still make me salivate at the thought of opening the bag).  Very reasonable pricing so it won't break the bank.  Parking is tight so leave the SUV at home... please.  Overall, a great bagel experience with all the trimmings.  So are you wondering where the best bagel in Las Vegas can be found?  Well, I might let you know one day soon.  For now I will keep the lines there short and just give you one hint.  The guy that owns the best NY bagel place in Las Vegas... possible the best on the West Coast.... isn't from NY.  He's from Chicago.  Say it aint so.....
4	I just had a good laugh at Misti and Bobby's reviews... the bagel burning and Bobby writing in all caps is too funny.  Okay that's off my chest... now to the reviewI kinda really like this place!  That pastrami sandwich, my god I love it.  Even the pickle it is served with is fantastic.  Corned beef hash... homemade, also fantastic.  I would know which one to pick from if I was here alone.  Corned beef hash and eggs or pastrami sandwich, very difficult decision.I don't know if I'm being cheap, but the restaurant is a little pricey.  It's like 8 bucks for a cup of soup?  I'm not sure about that, and it says you can't share sandwiches on the menu, I'm not sure if I like that idea either.Anyway, this place is great, I don't mind spending a couple of extra dollars and having a great meal, I'm excited about bringing my parents here, it's nice to know places like this exist in Vegas.
5	This is my new go-to place for lunch. I can attribute my 10 lbs weight gain in one week to visiting this gem 3 days in a row.  Why so frequent? Pastrami Pastrami Pastrami! This is as close to the holy grail of Katz's Pastrami Sandwich (in New York) as I've come across in Las Vegas. I'm talking thick + juicy, melt in your mouth Pastrami between two think slices of bread. The pastrami taste like real meat because it's actually cut out of a hunk meat slow cooked to near perfection. None of this fake jello-y dry salty pastrami you see packaged at the store. I'm salivating as I write this review. Finish your meal with a giant Black and White cookie and you have yourself 10 miles to run on the treadmill. But boy is it worth it.
4	The Bagel Cafe is a dependable spot to eat great food in my neck of the woods, but I don't come here that often because, let's face it, I have no self control.  If they didn't  have a bakery, I'd probably be safe, but I just cannot resist!So, a friend and I had breakfast this morning.  I thought I'd be healthy and ordered a veggie omelet with a whole wheat bagel.  Oh, it came with home fries, but I think potatoes are also a vegetable.  Anyway, that was delicious and very filling.  After paying our bill at the counter, my gal pal had to scoot, so she left me to "browse" the bakery area.  Well, browsing turned to buying, which turned into another instance of me facing my weakness for sugar. At least I had vegetables before the carbs were ingested.  See my pics for a couple of the pastries the cafe has to offer.  There's more to choose from, but you'll just have to go and see for yourself; I had to get out of there before I turned into a diabetic.
4	It's what you expect from a deli, but only better. First and foremost, THE MENUS ARE SO CUTE! They're pretend newspapers... love love that idea. The prices are ridiculously cheap. The bagels have unique flavors (sundried tomato?!). And the bakery... oh man, oversized delciousness.. if you're in the mood to splurge on calories, get the humongous cinnamon roll (I shared it with a friend, and we still could have used 3 other people to help us out... but we were champs, and ate the whollle thing, ha!)Apparently the salmon platter is bangin, my friend says she usually gets that with fam. But this time, we made our own bagel sandwiches... Sundried tomato bagel with scallion cream cheese, tomato, and a fried egggg... And like I said, reallly cheap..As far as service goes, it's what you expect from a deli. Nothing amazing. People just there to get the job done.
5	Why do your bagels taste so good???? Ugh pool seaon is right around the corner and here we are putting away the Carbs.  Oh well extra time at the gym!  Of course they have the most amazing desert selection.... Keep up the good work
4	The food is excellent. The service is ok. The baked goods are very yasty and well baked. The prices are the worst part... but the food is excellent. I have always ordered takeout from the deli counter, I have never sat down to eat.
1	I usually just pick up sandwiches from the takeout counter. On my last visit I dined in... What a mistake! The service was disorganized and sloppy. They definitely lost me on this visit. No one to greet us, no one to seat us, I had to ask someone to seat us... It was far too busy for us to find a table. The servers then didn't visit our table for about 15 minutes. The busboy didn't know anything about the menu... And when the server arrived, he was rushed and didnt ask if we had questions. The server then told me they wouldn't add pepper to my meal in the kitchen, and to just use the one provided on the table. 15.00 for. Plate, and they won't prepare it with pepper? Then he didn't bother to up sell the baked goods or dessert, just gave us our bill... We weren't frugal either... Our bill was over $100 for 4 of us...
1	What a bunch of nonsense.  I just wanted 6 bagels - 20 minutes and two different  lines later I had them but they weren't worth the wait.  The place is chaotic, disorganized, and customer unfriendly.
5	Just take one step into this place and you'll know why it automatically gets 5 stars.  The enormous case of gorgeous desserts, alone, is enough to earn them.  As for the menu, I can't think of anything that doesn't appear on there.  It is so hard for me to decide what to get, that I always know before I even order that I will be in pain from over-stuffing myself by ordering multiple items.  Sourdough bagel with strawberry cream cheese! The oatmeal!  The eggs benedict!  The potatoes!  Black and white cookies!  The only things I'm not impressed with is the coffee (like coffee-flavored water) and the matzoh ball soup (my mom's is waaaay better - her matzoh balls and broth have flavor).  Everything else is amazing.
5	My favorite bagel place in town.  I usually buy a dozen and once I get home, I pop it in the freezer and each time I wanted one, I just throw it in the microwave for a minute and wha la... we have a bagel that taste as if it was just freshly baked.
4	Another delightful lunch.  Mmmmmm.  Food is good here.  Branched out and had a spinach, feta and sun dried tomato pizza bagel today.  Good choice!!! It was loaded with fresh toppings including tons of cheese and gorgeous spinach.  I would definitely order this again.I also got some fries.  They were good too.  Service was a bit off, as usual.... asking for things repeatedly, but ended up with everything we needed eventually.  Everyone was was nice and friendly.  I guess the service adds to the "New York" style deli atmosphere.
5	Awesome for breakfast and lunches.  Reminds me a bit of delis back East, even the two guys behind the counter were from right outside of my hometown in southern N.J.  I haven't ventured into the 'strami yet but the Eggs Benedict and Matzo Ball soup pass with flying colors.  I've gotten the lobster salad  and some smoked whitefish to go and it was definitely a treat.  It's not the cheapest "cafe", but it's definitely worth it.  Pretty good cup'o'joe as well.
4	First I have to admit. I do not come here for the bagels. They are not that spectacular to me. I rather have Einsteins. Just my personal preference. The other food is just perfect though. My husband enjoys the "Pastrami Sandwich" a lot! It is huge and you wont leave hungry after one of those.I looooove the bacon! They cook great bacon! I had french toast this last time which is made with challah bread they make on site. The plate was overflowing with it I was very pleased. I haven't ever been served that  much french toast in my life! Unless I were sharing it with someone I probably wouldn't order it again because it tastes fantastic but it just such a huge portion!This place is busy everyday but on the weekends the parking lot is full and you are likely to wait a bit for a seat. They really seem to try and keep things moving along though.I enjoy the selection of pastries and desserts they have to offer the tough part is deciding which to pick! This is for sure a great spot for breakfast or lunch and to pick up a tasty dessert for later. They have a punch card for those of you who do like the bagels. After buying so many dozen you get a dozen free.
5	OK... new LV resident and wondered if they had any authentic deli's in town. Hit pay dirt on this one. Been there twice and extremely pleased both times (bfast and lunch). Breakfast was great with choice of bagel and I had the egg white spinach and feta omelet which was lite and chock full of fresh spinach. Lunch for our part of 3 pleased all. Wondered if I could try the liverwurst and the waitress gladly came back with a slice to try and the sandwich was great. I tried my lunchmate's pastrami and it was to die for. Relaxed and friendly atmosphere with a deli and dessert counter for take out which I did. The brisket was tender and juicy and the B&W cookie... the best since I got one in NYC.
3	Sitting in this place makes me think of eating on the set of Seinfeld. I literally felt like I was in NYC having a snack at an old school jewish cafe. It's busy and everyone there was in their own little world. Either reading the papers, catching up with friends or stopping by to pick up deli meat, this place is worth checking out. However, if you came here for the bagels, fo'get about it, there are better things to have then the bagels. I was super stoked to check out this place but I have to say, I was a little disappointed. The food is good. It's not amazing, its good. The service honestly, could be a lot better. I like sarcasm, I don't like to be patronized. I get it, you want people to feel like you're in NYC, but I still like good service, at any restaurant. I like the overall atmosphere. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat or just a whatever place to have breakfast or lunch, this is the spot.  They have a pretty big menu which is nice because it gives everyone an option. But, the one thing to have is the matzo ball soup. I've never had it before and I knew I had to try it. I can't imagine eating at any other place more Jewish than this. It arrives and it steaming hot. The steam alone had flavor. It was so delicious. This broth had to have been made by a 90 year old grandma in their kitchen. It's everything chicken noodle soup needs to be, plus the matzo ball. If I was ever sick, this is the soup that I would want, hands down. The flavors were intense and then subtle and then suddenly you're reminded of sitting in grandma's kitchen being served soup. Oh, just writing about it makes me want to have some.If you save room, you'll find that this place has a great pastry shop. All the sweets are gigantic, so plan on sharing. The deli bar is okay. I've had better service and sad to say quality at my local grocery store. It's sad because people can have a much better experience if this place started looking at how the staff treats the guests.Ciao and until next time, have eating everyone :)
4	Tasty bagels, sandwiches and desserts.  Kind of reminds me of Katz's Deli in NYC, except friendlier.  The bread is amazing.  The bagel sandwiches are huge.  Don't get the egg bagel sandwich for the road.  There is no way you can eat it without sitting down at a table, preferably with a knife and fork.  It's a monster.The food can take some time but it is worth the wait.  But don't come here and expect to get out the door in five minutes.  If you dine in, they will not let you split a sandwich.  Also, ordering at the dessert counter can be a little frustrating.  We waited for some time and people cut in front of us before the guy behind the counter acknowledged us.  But a minor hiccup for great food.
5	The Best New York Style deli in Las Vegas!!!
4	Great place for lunch. Soup, sandwiches, bagels, who could ask for anything more? Their pastries are yummy, but a little expensive.
4	This place was excellent.  I live near Lake Las Vegas, so it's a hike for me.  I was up in Summerlin seeing a friend and decided to eat breakfast here.  Since it was a traditional NY style deli, I of course had biscuits and gravy.  I will say, the cream gravy was very good, had chunks of sausage in it.  Could have used a little more pepper.  The knish was good, but too thick for me.  It was crunchy and had good flavor, but if it were thinner, it probably would be the best I have ever had.  Service was great, although I went before 8 AM.  So, not even close to 1/2 full.  The deli case looked awesome, I wish I lived closer.  Given the drive, probably won't come back that often, but we certainly will come back some.  It's worth a half hour drive.
4	The BF was REALLY wanting breakfast so I remembered this place has been on my list for the longest time. Even though we were fairly close to their closing, they sat us and we ordered quickly. I wanted crab cake benedict but they didn't have so I settled for the classic. This was a exceptionally good one. The ham was smokey and good so it seems to be better quality that some places. Now the hollandaise is what it is all about and not only was it good, but finally a place that gives a plentiful topping of it. I feel there is never enough, but this was a nice pour of it. Corned beef hash was homemade style so more shredded than canned crushed up meat. This is the only kind I would order and I appreciated that it was well cooked with a bit of crisp to it. The seasoned potatoes that come with the breakfasts were really good. I love me some breakfast taters and these I definitely could eat a heap of. One of our plates came with a choice of bread so of course we grabbed a bagel since it's their namesake. The sundried was rather nice flavoring throughout the bagel and the chewiness was just right with the crisp outside. A quality bagel for sure. The service was speedy and fairly friendly. Don't know why we haven't come in before, but definitely will come again and try the delicious looking sandwiches and the baked goods. First impression though was very positive!
4	Went here the other day with my family and grandparents. I needed to find a Deli style coffee shop type atmosphere to please my 80 year old grandparents who were visiting for a few days. My grandparents are Polish and Irish but this Jewish Style Bakery/Deli was right up there alley. My Grandpa and I ordered the appetizer size stuffed cabbage because for about $8.00-$9.00 my gramps had a hunch it was a pretty big portion. He was right! It came with rye bread as well. I'm sure the normal portion would be huge for the $12.00-13.00 range. We were very happy with the taste and I was also informed you can get the sauce on the side if you want to add to your desired liking. Another family member enjoyed the Pastrami sandwich which I am looking forward to trying soon.With a few more great meals in the future at this place, I will have to elevate my rating to the 5 Star level. 4 for now until I'm wowed a few more times!
5	My friends and I stumbled upon this place while trying to eat outside of the strip! Thanks to the YELP APP that helped us discover this AWESOME place!!! We all LOVED it here!!! It seems like a family owned place and the service does NOT get ANY BETTER than it does here! Everyone was SOOO incredibly friendly and why are the portions so freaking huge?! Oh, I'm sorry, did that sound like I was complaining--cause I SURE WASN'T!! I had the crab cake eggs benedict--HELLO AMAZING! Combine things I love, eggs, bread, hollandaise sauce, and *drum rolllll* CRAB CAKES--I AM SOLD! I also tried their Spinach Feta bagel with the jalapeno cheddar cream cheese---I thought I was in HEAVEN! Seriously their food is delicious! Huge portions, great prices, and AMAZING service! Their hours are a little odd, but they're in the middle of what looks like a business/corporate area so I assume they're usually open to accomodate the surrounding businesses/offices. Friends got a variety of sandwiches boy were they HUGE! I think we'll be coming back here the next time we're in Vegas and want to eat off the strip. Plus they're Bakery/Deli area is AMAZING! I'm TOTALLY getting something the next time I come here!
5	Easily the best bagel shop in Vegas.  They have the most delicious bagels and I can't help but order one and walk out with a dozen to take home.  They have wonderful housemade cream cheeses and i love eating their pastries.  Everyone who likes bagels should try them, becuase you will start to LOVE bagels like me!
5	My girlfriends took me here on a weekend afternoon. The place was jamming and busy but not to the point where it was overkill.Thier bagel sandwhiches are a great price and desserts are awesome!
4	The sesame bagel and lite scallion cream cheese are amazing. Out of this world bakery. And a huge menu! Have to go back to try some more!
4	This sandwich and rugulach habit is getting ridiculous. The BF and I have come back several times in such a short span. The first few times we got breakfast and I highly recommend for eggs benedict fans to get it here. I love hollandaise and they are not skimpy with it, ham actually has flavor, perfect poach eggs. I tried the crab cake version too, and surprised I liked the original better. The corned beef hash was another we tried and I thought it was tasty. I love their potatoes the brekkies come with and the bagels of their name sake actually are quite nice. Then I decided to try their corned beef sandwich and was prepared to be only mildly satisfied. I have a little Jewish corner of my heart that beats for childhood Saturdays at Langer's. The corned beef was flavorful, juicy and the marbled bread I chose was great. I always eat mine with  coleslaw and Russian dressing (aka thousand island). I'm normally into pickles, but theirs is closer to cucumber than pickle so I'm not the most fond of it. The sandwich was so good, I was a bit sad to  share with the BF and take the other half of the benedict even though I love the bennie. So we came back several more times to get our own. I have to say that the way to go is the soup and half sandwich deal ($10.95- $11.95). It actually comes out cheaper with more food since the sandwich was just as big as a 1/4th lb, you get soup and can even get a side if you wish for $1. The matzo ball soup here is decent, and the sweet and sour stuffed cabbage was nice though I dropped my phone in it trying to Yelp it. We also tried the lobster salad sandwich and that was solid, but I'm gonna stay with the meat sandwiches..... I should mention I lean towards mostly eating vegetarian and this place is testing it. Service is pretty decent on checking up. We also don't go during busy times as this is the type of place that gets swamped during regular breakfast/lunch hours on weekends. Beat the busy by heading in a bit later in the afternoon. While the sandwich and benedict have been stellar, the dessert counter has been extreme highs and lows so much so that I can't justify a 5star. The best: The rugulach are awesomely good. I normally don't like chocolate ones but I love them here, the almond ones are great, all the fruit ones are great. There is not a bad one so even though it is priced per pound, I feel this is worth it. The subpar: I'm not fond of the black and white cookie being more like cake. I know a lot of delis do this and I'm just more of a shadortbred person.  The rainbow cookies were okay, but not quite up to my standard with it being too wet though the sponge flavor was right on (those are one of my favorite deli sweets). The homemade twinkie was a bit dry. The bad: we got a slice of buttercream cake which was painfully sweet with the frosting tasting like boxed. It was thick, sticky and you can feel sugar granules in it with the cake itself also rather sweet. It was a throwaway so I will not be getting anything else but rugulachs. The desserts aren't cheap for what they are...Spent $27 with only the rugulachs being the only thing we are gonna eat the entirety of. This is great place and I do highly recommend this as a go-to if you're in the area, just know how to navigate the deli and massive menu through recommendations.
1	I went the bagel cafe and had horrible service last week and just figured it was their "ny deli" attitude. So today I called and placed a to go order for the Jewish holidays and according to them they don't take to go orders for "small orders" anymore . I am not sure what constitutes a small order since I am ordering over 50.00 of food. This was directly from the manager that the owner has implemented a new policy this year. Totally disappointing I will have to take my business elsewhere.
3	Just average in my opinion. Waitress was friendly but not very attentive. They were out of half the stuff we asked for, even iced tea. Was reasonably priced and OK for average lunch or dinner. Not on my favorites list but I wouldn't say no to eating there again.
5	Fresh bagels, and the best schmere!
4	This place is awesome.  I'm not a big fan of breakfast food, but this place draws me in.  They have a wide selection of fresh made bagels and cream cheese.  A great bakery.  I lover there sandwiches (try the French dip).  Also, they have Matzah Ball Soup.  The parking is terrible.  There are not enough spaces and they spaces are too small.  The prices are a tad high, but still very reasonable.  The menus are made to look like newspapers.  Go for the bakery if nothing else and you will not be disappointed.
3	If you value your time and sanity avoid this place on weekends as an army of blue hairs invades, fueling up for a hard day of bingo and slots. At other times, this place is generally pretty pleasant. The food ranges from decent to excellent, the service is acceptable, but the pricing seems quite a bit higher than it should be. Recommended, but with some hesitation.
5	Great place that I dine at regularly! The food is always great, service is excellent, and te price is more than reasonable. I always take my friends here when they visit and it's always a match made in heaven! The menu is pretty extensive, so lots to choose from for anyone! My faves:French toastBacon, scrambled eggs, American cheese sandwich on a plain bagelCorned beef sandwichPancakesAnd all the freshly made desserts!The portions sizes are very generous as well, especially for the price!
2	Have been going to this place 10 + years (off and on). Prices going up, quality going down. To top it off the thin fella  that is mgr (or an owner) seems to think that he has to talk to people like they are idiots (customers and employees). We picked up some baked goods on the way home last night and he was rude enough to my wife that I was ready to leave without purchasing anything, but my wife passed it off. After we found that 2 out of 3 of our choices were basically stale, my wife made the decision that we will not be going back again. A real shame because it used to be worth waiting to get in there
5	For my money and taste buds, this is the best Jewish deli in town, or at least on the west side.  It's located in an office complex off Rainbow and Summerlin pkwy, with plenty of parking.  They make all their own bread and bagels in house, the brisket is delicious, and their deserts are ridiculous!  I mean, their cookies can be bigger than your head!  Who doesn't like that?!I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here, at worst, a mediocre one every now and then.  But honestly, they carry all the traditional NY deli that you just hope to find somewhere else.  They also do a good matzah ball soup, knishes, and have good lox, which is key.  My grandfather was a fan because they had a bunch of the Dr. Brown sodas.  Personally, when I want some good soul food, this is where I go.
4	This is one of the better Jewish delis in town.There bagels are better than the chain bagel shops in Vegas, they have a wonderful variety of bagels and cream cheeses, and they do some wonderful Jewish classics as well.One of their most popular items is their matzo ball soup.  I am absolutely a fan!  Theirs is a classic version that highlights the matzo ball...oddly enough.I used to live down the street from Bagel Cafe.  I ended up rotating through a series of breakfast bagel sandwiches, but one of my favorite is still over-easy egg, ham, and provolone on an everything bagel.  They have such solid ham for a Jewish Deli!This is a place I want to go to with grandmotherly woman and enjoy some wonderful conversation over breakfast.
4	First time for lunch, it was about 130pm and it wasn't too busy.  My husband and I both ordered the pastrami on rye with cole slaw and a pickle.  It was a big hand full of meat, the rye was good and the pickle was crispy.  Overall, a good sandwich.  Just a little advise, ask for extra dressing.After our lunch, we went over to the deli side and picked up some bagels and cream cheese for the next day.  We also got a slice of their carrot cake, very moist, and loved the cream cheese frosting.  An excellent treat!
5	I'm obsessed with this place. My mom suggested we go here a few weeks ago and, at first, I was a little skeptical. It seems so small from the outside that I didn't think they could fit a whole restaurant inside. Well, they do!! They have a full breakfast and lunch menu AND on your way out you can pick up some killer bagels and baked goods. SO good. And their prices are great. Everything I have tried has been great - crab cake, and lots of others, Benedict mmmmm! And I love bringing their bagels home for the rest of the week.
5	I am from New York and I know food, and I'm happy to say I found my home when It comes to good eats..... Every Sunday after church my girlfriend and I go there because we need our fill for the week........... oder the bagels
5	On my Trip to Vegas, we ate at this amazing Deli w/my Mom & Jim. This place is a Goldmine! A TRUE Jewish Deli! I wish Phoenix had a Deli like this one! Their Matzoh Ball Soup is to die for!  I want to go to this deli every time I visit Vegas! ....Please open a location, here in Phoenix!!... We NEEDa you guys here, too! ...You would be a TOTAL HIT here!  :)
5	I love this place!  Eat here once or twice a week and they never disappoint!  Breakfast is fabulous and sandwiches for lunch are super huge!  Their dessert selection is to die for!
5	delicious. great service
4	Very good sandwiches bagels and desserts Will be back.
3	The food was great no denying that. I'm trying to cut down on my salt intake so when I order the matzoh ball soup I asked for a cup of hot water, yea, well I got the water and when I received the bill later they had charged me $1.00....for a hot cut of water. Thought that was pretty ridiculous, but hey took it off of the bill for so I guess that was nice. *woof*
5	Whenever we are in VEGAS The Bagel Cafe has the best breakfast and lunch!LARGE PORTIONS and the Bakery Is Delicious and everything is oversized.Red Velvet Twinkies are sooooo good.It is a must try in VEGAS.
4	First, let me say that their bagels are yummy!  I have only been there for lunch, as they are located in Summerlin and I live in Henderson.  I work downtown(ish), so this has been a good place to meet up with friends.  You seat yourself and the menus are already on the table.  They have pretty fast service.  On Wednesday, I had the chicken salad sandwich on a sesame bagel.  Wow!  I was pretty impressed with their chicken salad. The potato salad and the pasta salad (side options) are just OK. The sandwich is why you are there.  They are always busy, which is good for a local business.  I do not recommend paying your server.  Get up off your rear and pay the cashier.  Trust me, you will thank me.  It takes too long to get your change back and the servers are just too busy.  I'll be back soon!
4	For a NY'er like myself, this place is right on the money!  Terrific deli/bagel place/bakery that has all the NY favorites I've been missing (bagels, black and white cookies, rainbow cookies, rugulah, homemade blintzes and potato pancakes, etc.).  I'd give this place 5 stars but the line to pay was a TOTAL cluster and some regulars told me that it's always that way.  Still, I'd go out of my way from Henderson to Summerlin for breakfast or lunch here!
5	Great NY style deli.  We always order the fish platter (lox and whitefish) and they have a wide selection of homemade bagels and spreads.  A bit pricey but tastes darn good.  They also have great lunch food like matzo ball soup and overstuffed deli sandwiches and beautiful desserts!
3	Something seems to have changed over time. Their hash used to be fantastic, now... disappointing. Bummer. Time to find a replacement.
1	The service and the food has gone so downhill lately. Used to be so much better. We complained to the guy who said he was the manager and his name was Jerry. He just stood there and laughed at us. I guess when you do so much business you don't need to care about your customers or in this case ex customers. I wish yelp would allow negative stars.
4	We took bagels and cheesecake to go--which reminds me, I still have the cheesecake in the fridge. BRB FOOLS. Yum! Now that I have been reminded what a delicious cheesecake this is, I feel I have the strength to write the rest of this review. My friend and I got the strawberry cheesecake for our late-night Netflix girltime dessert fancies, and bagels and cream cheese for the next morning's airport run shenanigans. I tend to like a more dense, fatty, hilariously-bad-for-you cheesecake, but this one is light and airy and is a-okay for me. The fruit on top is good, but I don't like the red-40 laced syrup they drizzle on top of it. Next time I'll just get the plain because it's a good cheesecake overall.However, the real winners here are the namesake of the Cafe--the bagelssssss. I got spinach and feta, my friend got the egg bagel with everything on it. Both were good, though after spending the night in the fridge, were nearly impossible to cut. I eventually got them both in the toaster and gobbled all those carbs at 7am (which led me to sleepy time for most of the rest of the day). All in all a decent place. I want to try it as a restaurant instead of a deli, too. Good thing it's right down the street from my best friends' house so I have an excuse to visit!
3	We've been coming here since we move back east in early 2000 iIt was recommended by some Jewish friends. The deli specially the pastrami is comparable back east. The taste, moistness is perfect. The matzo ball is also good. Another reason why we come was for their black and white cookies and Napoleon dessert it was really good. The reason why is only 3 stars... Their coffee is terrible. 1st time we went here years ago I hated their coffee, so we gave it a shot a couple years later.... The coffee still suck!! I investigated and peek at their coffee area nd they use this company farmers coffee. It was so watered down, so I don't come here for breakfast or lunch if I want good coffee or come here order water and head to Starbucks, coffee bean or any coffee house I feel that day
5	Great selection and awesome service. The Philly steak was really good and the portions they give are huge! I'll be going back to try the bakery, there's a gym right next to them so we're good :)
4	average pricing, good service, the best tasting home fries that I have ever had, and they put pastrami in an omelet... I'm coming back! :)
5	This is easily my favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. I have been going here for years and years. I'm actually upset with myself for not reviewing this place the moment I opened my yelp account.Its one of the only New York style Jewish delis in Vegas. Their baked goods are all excellent. There is nothing that makes me happier then having someone bring me their bagels and schmear. Well except for getting a plate of Lox with the bagel. The only problem is this place is popular and is usually busy, especially so during peak hours on the weekends. Usually I just go before work by myself and eat at the counter so the wait is not bad but I see a lot of people waiting.   For lunch they have awesome deli sandwiches. I go here anytime I need to get my pastrami and cheesecake fix on!
5	This breakfast spot rocks my morning, well weekend morning that is.  Them bagels be seriously bangin and the cream cheese flavors are hand crafted.  Cream cheese flavors include nova lox, garlic cheddar, olive pimento, veggie, scallion, plus many more that I look forward to trying now that I've locked in on this gem. Every single bagel they offer is super D-lish.  If I had to recommend my favorite bagel/cream cheese combo it would have to be the one and only (that makes me a little weak in the knees to think of it) garlic bagel piled high with some of their nova lox cream cheese.Most of their breakfast dishes come with potatoes and choice of toast or one those yummilicious bagels.  Self seating.  The service is great; our drinks never reach half full.  Everyone including the table bussers keep a close watch on your drink and make sure to keep it frequently replenished.  We've yet to try any of the lunch dishes here, but today the table beside us ordered some of their overstuffed sandwiches, and they are ridiculously overstuffed.Weekend word to the wise - wake up early or wait a little bit.  Last weekend we attempted to venture in around 10:30 on a Sunday and there were people lined out the door waiting for a table.
2	FOOD:  5 Stars -- Their deli and restaurant food is killer delicious,LOCATION:  3 Stars -- A little dicey to find and parking at the busy times of the day.ATMOSPHERE: 4 StarsPRICE: $$  (2 bagels and coffees were $14)SERVICE:  NO Stars -- It Sucks!  Surly wait-staff.  No greeting when I came in. No one cared if I lived or died. Today (02/19/2013) was the last straw. I found two flyers/notices that had fallen off their door (and were laying at the door step), brought them in, and tried to get someone to notice me so I could give them the signs.  After 7 (SEVEN!) minutes of watching four people who blatantly ignored me, I threw the signs in the trash.  If you're not a "regular", you (apparently) are crap to them.  I couldn't even get someone behind the counter to notice me when I tried to buy some pastries.  Wow. They must be resting on their laurels and believing this is how to treat newcomers.  No wonder they can't grow.
5	When ever I am in Vegas I always try to make it to The Bagel Cafe with my dad.  Their matzo ball soup is on point as are their bagels.  I recently placed an order of a dozen large black & white cookies which they packed nice for me and are always delicious!
5	Another one of my first stops when getting back to Vegas.  If you are a New Yorker or just like good food, this is the spot.  I always come here to get a sesame bagel with low-fat veggie cream cheese.  When I am here, it's as if I am back at The Bagel Chalet in Commack!  The black and white cookies  are delicious too!  If anyone is longing for NY while in Vegas, come here!
3	the food is always fresh and high quality.  my only problem with the place is i don't feel like i get value for my buck.  nice bakery too but it suffers the same overpriced fate.
5	So much food you'll either have to share one dish or take some home!They have NY style deli sandwiches, and food for all times of the day.Their bagels far outdo Einsteins and they have quite a variety of cream cheese for those. You can either sit down and eat there or pick it up for to go.The food here is amazing and it's always busy because its so damn good. My only complaint is that parking sucks, but it often does at busy/awesome places.
5	Love love love this place! Food is spot on every time. It is always busy for a reason. It is a Jewish paradise! I have eaten here numerous times and have also done takeout for passover. The takeout is just as good as dining in. They also do special catering for the Jewish holidays. YUM!
5	Oh my god, how I MISS The Bagel Cafe! My fiance and I moved to paradise, excuse me, North County San Diego, two years ago from Las Vegas, and we don't often miss it there. But I still think about The Bagel Cafe and I get super peanut-butter-and-jealous when I see my friends check in there on Facebook. If you're wondering what's good here, the answer is everything, seriously. The best part of coming here is buying deli stuff on the way out. My fiance was obsessed with the pumpkin cream cheese for awhile, and I liked bringing the deli tuna home and eating that for a few days. It kept fresh for awhile and it is the best tuna I've ever had. Nothing else compares. Obviously their bagels are the best. You cannot beat them. Also, I have to mention my family is Jewish and I hardcore judge any Jewish deli's chicken soup and matzo balls. Theirs doesn't beat my mom's, but it comes damn close. It beats mine, as hard as that is for me to admit! Plus when you order a soup, you get a bagel! My fiance loved their eggs and sausage specials and he'd try a different bagel/cream cheese combo with it every time we came. I'm a huge fan of ALL of their desserts too. They have a ton to choose from. It's been awhile so I can't remember specifically, but we'd always leave with a few and there were never any leftovers past the first day!On top of the food being delicious, the service was always on point. Even when my brother and I took our mom there for Mother's Day and they were super busy, the service was great and quick.My fiance and I still have not found a deli in San Diego to compare to the Bagel Cafe. Next time I visit, that's the first place I'll be hitting up!
3	I had heard of the bagel cafe from my wife's sister when she came and helped us move. She had said she definitely recommended it. So since it was my mother's birthday and my wife and I wanted to take her out for a morning breakfast we decided to try the bagel cafe.When we arrived we definitely noticed that the parking spots were for compact vehicles, since there was someone who didn't get that message and had their 1 ton truck taking up 2 parking spots. After finding a parking spot we walked in and were quickly greeted and found a spot to sit. It was my first time to this location so I was not sure if this was like a sandwich shop a pastry shop or a restaurant, well apparently it's all in ONE which is quite awesome I love one stop shops. After being seated we sat and waited at the table for menus. The bus boy came and asked if we wanted drinks. We ordered 1 coffee and 2 waters and again we waited. The waitress came with a pen and pad and asked us if we were ready to order. We all said we were waiting for the menus. She quickly apologized and informed us that the menus were located at the end of the table and was newspaper like menus. We looked through the menu which seemed a bit long for a breakfast/lunch establishment I believe that even in the last pages there were dinner plates which confused me a bit as there not open past 5. We ordered a cup of Matzo Ball soup, a biscuits and gravy plate, a corn beef hash and egg plate and one fresh veggie omelet. The matzo ball soup came with one ignoramus matzo ball and it was piled high with vegetables and chicken. My mom being the very whitey person that she is quickly reminded me how she had made me a similar soup when I was a kid and how I complained to her that what she served me was clearly not matzo ball soup and it was chicken noodle soup with a matzo ball in it LOL! Well that's exactly what I got here. My mom is a sous-chef at petrossian bar at the Bellagio and she drilled me at how matzo ball soup can be made in many different ways. Well I don't prefer this kind all though it was hearty and the matzo ball was delightful. I still prefer a matzo ball soup with just matzo ball not with chicken and vegetables. The portions reminded me allot of hash house a go go. The portions were rather big and hearty. The biscuits were soft and the gravy was very exquisite a change from hash house because there biscuits seemed to be a bit hard and these were really soft and awesome when paired with the gravy. The veggie omelet was a veggie omelet nothing spectacular. The corn beef hash was tasty especially coming from me because I'm not a corn beef fan and this one was defiantly cooked correctly and seasoned just right.I think the customer service was sub-par. I could tell that the waitress was definitely trying to be nice and helpful however I felt at times I was forgotten we only had 1 water refilled and my mother's coffee was never refilled or even offered to be refilled. We might possibly try them again.
4	I stumbled upon this place while on a drive one day. It is a cute cafe, with huge display cases full of any type of sweet you can imagine, all look home made. They also have the biggest variety of bagels and cream cheese i have ever seen. I sat down, menus are pretty cute, they are newspapers. The food was out of this world! Everything was fresh and I enjoyed every bit of breakfast. I had the white fish salad and an egg, sausage, tomato bagel.I didn't give it five stars because of the service. They were quick to put my order in and i did receive my food not shortly after. However the waitress was overwhelmed with tables to get me my check. That part took almost twenty minutes. The staff does all help each other out and work together, which you don't see many places. I recommend going, just not when you are in a giant rush.
4	Awesome awesome awesome! The ONLY reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they really need to clean their bagel case. I was looking at it and on the top left I saw spider webs and a lot of dust all over. Nasty... but yes, I still got a bagel with my breakfast and it was the best ever. JUST PLEASE CLEAN YOUR BAGEL CASE!
4	Add this long overdue review to the others that sing the praises of this efficiently-run local deli. When eating out can play it safe for breakfast and order a simple standby OR you can explore a bit of culture via a thoughtful menu with quality ingredients.  The thing I love about The Bagel Cafe (TBC) is that here you will get a great meal no matter your breakfast habits. I wish I could say that I choose a unique breakfast when I come to TBC, but I do not. I order eggs (scrambled or poached), bacon, bagel, and fruit whenever I come. When I'm ready to venture out of my comfort zone, I'll order the smoked fish or hand sliced nova platter. It sounds dull, but I am proud to say that of the MANY times I have eaten here I have never been disappointed. Sure there are some slight variations in the food preparation, but the quality of the ingredients and care in preparation at this place never changes. A NOTE ABOUT THE BOOTHS: We seated ourselves and moved form one booth (too much sun) to another and discovered something unexpected. The tables at both booths were set farther back than we felt comfortable. Usually a booth table will be fairly close to your body, but I had to lean in during the meal to be closer to my plate. I am sure that people who need a it more space are more comfortable as a result of the change. FOOD: My NY mom and I visited recently and the cultural gap between us couldn't have been more evident than in our plates. I got the usual (eggs, bacon, bagel, fruit, with cottage cheese) while she ordered the overstuffed pastrami with chopped liver. People like me, looking for a meal we can order in any restaurant in the valley, will want to keep coming back to this place. They care about what they put on your plate in this place and they cook the food right. You won't be disappointed in dry, overcooked eggs here. And yes, as many have said, the bagels are amazing. I prefer the veggie spread--there is no equal in this town. The bacon has changed over the years, and I wish it was less salty, but it is always thick cut and flavorful.Mom's pastrami was outstanding.  If, like me, you are accustomed to thinly sliced, rubbery meat, you will have to rethink your relationship with this delicious smoked meat. When the waitress didn't bring our large fruit cup with the meal,I figured she'd forgotten and I wasn't worried about reminding her. A few minutes later she set down a cocktail-type glass stacked with fresh fruit arranged in the shape of a flower arrangement with pineapple, kiwi, banana, strawberries, and pear. It was a smart way for TBC to remind it's customers that they care about small touches.  Everything is good here.  I can't wait to get back.
5	Wow!! I'm not an avid reviewer but this place definitely deserved taking the time to write one! My experience started with their bagel breakfast sandwich which was the ABSOLUTE BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever had...and I LOVE breakfast sandwiches!The bagels and speciality cream cheese are perfect as well! This is def going to be a frequent stop for me! Very happy I found it!
5	This place is wonderful! No complaints at all! Service is friendly and willing to help since it was my first time there. Ended up buying pastries for the go. Bought a pound of assorted rugulahs which included the Almond, Lemon Coconut, Chocolate Chip, Sugar Free Chocolate Chip, and the Apricot one. They were all AMAZING! Especially the Almond one. Will be coming back soon for sure!
4	I've been eating at Bagel Cafe since 1996; the quality and service have remained unchanged and excellent!  The food tastes great, huge portions, and reasonable prices for Deli.  This IS one of the last true Deli's in Vegas.  Their Bakery section is huge; I would recommend the Rugala.  For main eats, I always either go for a Pastrami Omelette or Pastrami Sandwich on rye with house made Russian dressing.   Come with an empty stomach....leave full beyond belief!
3	Decent breakfast food, love that the bagels are made New York style; it's all about the water. Over crowded and the staff is alright not the friendliest but they were at least semi-cheerful.The parking situation is horrible and a big detraction from the accessibility to this place.
5	Had a great breakfast.  Bagel was good, too, and I'm not a bagel fan. Impressive bakery selection.
4	Came in to pick up dessert! They have some really awesome selections.  They usually have several types of cakes, NY style cheese cake, some pastries and cookies, not to mention a huge selection of bagels. It's hard to make a choice, and I ended up getting two different cakes and a black and white cookie.  Very yummy!  Must try!
5	This is a great Italian deli.  Everyone here was so nice and very helpful.  A very large menu and bagel and dessert selection.  My wife ordered some bagels for her workdays and some cream cheese.  They have 7 different cream cheese selections. The bagels are soft and have lots of flavor.  We got green olive and herb cream cheese.  Both were outstanding. We also ordered lunch.  She ordered the two meat sandwich with Hebrew National salami and bologna.  Wow we're those two meats good.  We already love the hot dogs, the salami and bologna are just as good.  I ordered the Reuben with corned beef and pastrami.  Very crispy buttery bread, good sauerkraut, and 1000 island dressing.  Best rueben I have had in Vegas so far.  I will be back for it again. The dessert case had a lot to choose from.  We got a black and white cookie, a homemade Twinkie and some other pastries.  All were really good. I would recommend this deli to anyone.  We will be back soon.
4	Great place, sometimes think they need more seating and some healthier options, hence the missing star. They are the only ones with spinach knish, not just potato. The matzah ball soup is great! And fresh bagels are great. Best place for brunch meals to go.  too bad it isn't more convenient for me!
3	This restaurant seemed a little clustered with many different things.  First you have the bakery, and then you have the seating area for brunch.  Now I was highly disappointed with the service, overall I felt I had to wait a little longer than you usually should.  First off, I don't think any restaurant should have a seat yourself option.  Unless you are ordering from the cashier service yourself and then seating yourself, this should never EVER be an option.  It took about 20 minutes for our server to come and get our order, and it took another 30 mins for our food to come.  So overall, almost an hour to actually eat and order which is something I don't find lightly.  I think the girl near the bakery section felt bad for us so she came and got our order, which I found nice of her.  Aside from the clustered and noisy ambience, the food was ok.  My boyfriend and I ordered the crab eggs benedict, french toast, and the biscuits and gravy with a side of eggs and sausage.  The crabs benedict was good, I think I got way too much meat I didn't even find the bread at the bottom of it.  The flavors were all there though.  I wasn't too fond of the potatoes, I thought it was mushy and to weird of a spice for me. The french toast was good, a little thick cut and huge but I understand the big serving idea.  I think I needed a little more syrup instead of the small side they gave me.  The bread was really thick, I think more syrupy sweets would do it justice.The biscuits and gravy was ok, personally I thought it was too light.  I actually like the biscuits and gravy from south point which is rather odd.  But I thought they had more flavor.  Overall this place was ok, I don't think I'll be returning soon because of that clustered feeling.  On top of that I paid $43.00 for everything which I thought was little too pricey.  I could've gone to egg works and paid less than that, but hey that's just me.
4	Excellent food fast and nice reminds me of NYC diners
5	Bagels are amazing and fruit platter is so fresh! I will definitely be coming back here. I really felt like I walked into a diner in NYC. I lived in NYC for 3 years and it made me miss it so much! The service we encountered was fine, despite some of the other reviews and everyone was very helpful and patient with my mom and I as we decided on which yummy pastries to get. I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	So far everything I've tried has been really good. - Corned Beef Hash (AMAZING!)- Ruben (Delish!)- Roast Beef Sandwich (YUM!)- Grilled Cheese with Tomato and Bacon (You had me at Bacon!)
4	The Ruben is a requirement here, very lean and lots of meat. Probably the best Ruben I have ever had.
4	In summary The Bagel Cafe = Large portions. This is a great place for breakfast or lunch. The atmosphere is comfortable and the staff is busy but try to be attentive. The restaurant is usually  full and parking in the private lot is tight. It's hard to pick a favorite but the eggs and corned beef hash is excellent. A large portion of hash with your style of eggs, choice of bagel and fruit or cottage cheese. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches for lunch, large enough to take some home.
4	Comfortable casual atmosphere.  A good place to meet friends friends for a . Deli experience . Nice size portions and tasty food.
4	First time trying the Bagel cafe. Bagels were very good. I tried a few pastries to eat in and to go. All were tasty delicious except for the tiramisu, it wasn't all that, it wasn't the traditional tiramisu I'm used to. I am looking forward to try some more of the food and pastries. absolutely loved the customer service.
5	The best bagels in town!   Super busy on weekend mornings so I get my food to go.  I usually get the everything bagel with nova lox, it has the perfect blend of smoked salmon and cream cheese. And I also order the cinnamon raisin bagel with the cinnamon raisin spread so good.  And beware of  the pastry display case it will call your name.  Make sure to get a slice of strawberry cheese cake,  It is so velvety good and a good size portion for dessert for after lunch,  after dinner, and breakfast the next day.
4	Wonderful selection of bagels that are raised to perfection with a variety of schmear that makes a guy like me wanting more and more to find that perfect combination.  Our party had an everything bagel with a garlic cheddar schmear and sun dried tomato basil bagel with chive schmear.  Enjoy both tremendously and looking forward to a run through of a well assorted variety of rugulahs.
4	Very good Matza ball soup.  Bagels are large too.  Can't wait to come back
1	This place used to be great except their service has always been terrible. So I started to just pick up my food to go but now their food is getting bad too! Their desserts are the only thing saving this place.Such a shame
2	Love the food but the attitude of the owners is terrible.   Its like they  are doing me  a favor in serving there food.  The heavy set ny owner needs to stay in the backround and have someone with a personality talk to customers.  You have guys like jerry folding napkins instead of being aware of the customer right across the table.Food great/ Service not a winner here!!!
5	A regular stop for breakfast. The place is clean, bright. Service is excellent and friendly staff. The food is excellent and huge portions. A great value
4	They have the best French toast made with challah!  Good matzo ball soup and sandwiches.  Def as close to NY deli food as you can get in Vegas.
4	One of my favorite breakfast places in town!!! It's really chill and the ambiance feels like I've been transported to New York. Get anything with lox here, matzoh ball soup, and you have GOT to make sure you check out their pastry selection. They are to die for. Boston cremes as big as my head! Everything here tastes fresh! So explore ahead without fear~ *Note: DON'T FORGET THE DELI.My only gripe with this place is every single time I've been here the service is terrible. Been left here waiting for 15-20 min at my table to get my order out...and it's not even busy. And splitting checks is always hard---SO BRING CASH. Regardless, I love the place still...just not enough for a 5 star..4.5 starts please?!
4	This is a fantastic breakfast and lunch place.  It also has a great deli counter.  When living in Vegas, we eat here at least twice a week.  The only reason I don't give it five stars is the owner's attitude toward mistakes from the kitchen.  He isn't  really concerned about it, but mistakes happen so seldom that it doesn't matter too much.  A must visit regardless of whether you live in Vegas or are just visiting.  GET OFF THE STRIP occasionally...
5	Best bagel in town hands down! Reminds me of bagel stores in New York. A bit pricey but then again you get what you pay for. I usually get bagels and some pastries.
4	This place is outstanding. Their pastrami and brisket are top notch. The bakery is freaking awesome too. Don't expect a quick lunch, the place gets busy. But that's a good sign in my book. There is a lot of overrated deli in town. Bagel cafe is the real deal.
3	Prices go up and bagels get smaller, used to go with wife for a lunch now and then but to poor service and fear of prices still going up we stopped.And with the high prices they even have the nerve to have a tip jar near register making awkward for  people just getting some take out.
2	I haven't been here for a while & it was a mistake coming here this time for breakfast.   All of the food that arrived was served cold & my eggs were improperly cooked.  Overall, the food quality, execution & service was poor.  Needless to say I will not be back!
5	Love bagels and they have the best in town. Great deli and really yummy nova cream cheese. Wait staff is friendly. Go early because they get busy for breakfast. Looking forward to trying lunch next time.
4	I like Italian cookies so, when East Coast peeps such as Mario S and John F kept checking in and posting pictures of goodies from this place, I had to make it my mission to go here.  It must be legit.You seat yourself and read the menu that looks like a newspaper then the server takes your order. For anything to-go, you have to go to the deli/bakery line.I had such a sugar rush when I ate half a pound of the rainbow cookies. Those treats with the colors of the Italian flag that tastes like almond with apricot jam in each layer and chocolate on top. They're so good I couldn't stop myself from eating them.  I easily spent $56 on rainbow cookies, raspberry rugulach, apple rugulach, black and white cookies, Florentine cookies, linzers, etc.  Their eggs benedict was also yummy.  Great Hollandaise sauce (consistency and flavor).  It comes with potatoes.  I also tried their cheese blintzes with strawberries.  Each blintz was fully stuffed with sweet cream cheese filling.  I could only eat 1.They also have sandwiches, matzoh ball soup, salmon, white fish, etc. on their menu. Bagels and schmear, meats, monster-sized cupcakes, 7-layer cake, carrot cake, etc in the bakery/deli. I wish I would have known about this place a long time ago so I could have fed the doctors at work more variety of Kosher treats.  But at the same time, I'm glad I didn't know about this place a long time ago, otherwise, I would be 200lbs heavier by now!
3	It's always crowded here with old people. Icky.The waiters and waitresses tend to be grumpy a lot. I would be too if I had to work around all those old people.
5	a little pricey but the food is authentic east coast all the wayfrom the bagels to the corned beef, you feel like you are in a east coast delithey also make amazing pastries etc.probably the best bagels in vegas!!
3	Hopeful...bite, chew, swallow....Meh. Bite again, chew again,.... Meh. Darn! Had such high expectations (since I am from New York / Long Island) and have known the joy of real Bagel shops. Really, Bagel Cafe- your photos are beautiful...your presentation enticing....You had me at Hamentashen! But you left me at the booth by the window with a mouth full of Meh.SERVICE:Counter help (women) are not very cordial and seem disinterested in helping or answering questions.Stood there for a while as they just ignored me making their own coffee and being snobby. This is a service business; shouldn't you make people feel comfortable when they come through the door? And it wasn't just the way we were treated. Watched as other patrons got similar cold attitude. IMHODeli counter staff (men) are nice, helpful  and engaged. One waitress - over worked...but cordial. FOOD / BAGELS : GENERALLY GREATCoffee is good.Bagels are great.Lots of Cream cheese options and things to put with Bagels abound.There is an emphasis on real traditional Jewish food which I really appreciate finding in LV! But although the Bagel Cafe has a niche market and offers loads of variety.....FOOD/ OTHER:Ordered a feta spinach omelet. It came with a glob of feta in one spot. Feta was sour, melted, not Greek- style. Too much grease or butter used in cooking. Muffins are large, lovely, but oddly lacking in flavor.Took some other pastries home and found them OK, none are "wonderful"- taste is rather bland - not exciting in the mouth.Eating a bite of cranberry muffin as I write...chew, swallow, try it once more, Nope, still Meh! Overall, not sure we'd eat here again. Might get bagels and cream cheese to go. If I HAD to.Wish it was better experience. Has promise, but it just seemed like they are missing something .... like interpersonal  warmth and flavorful food. Give it a try, anyway. You might find it better than I did-?...hopefully.
5	This is a review I wish I would have been able to write about a year ago when Mario S first told me about the Bagel Cafe. I never made the drive (which is not as far as I tell myself it is) and now that I have finally tried it, I feel like I have wasted the past year of my life. A good NY bagel had been pretty much impossible to find until I walked in the doors to this place. Now I wish I lived closer... preferably in the kitchen of this place. ***Will work for bagels and rainbow cookies***Tasty NY Bagels... checkRainbow cookies... checkBlack and white cookies... checkLinzer Cookies... checkThe rainbow cookies are where it's at. I never thought I would find rainbow cookies as good as the ones my mom makes but these are right up on that same level. If my mom had charged as much as they do for hers... I wouldn't be living in an apartment right now. Although, I would owe her a LOT of money.Anyway... they need to open more locations. If anyone from Bagel Cafe reads this... please, please, please open more locations! I'll help with construction. Just feed me!!!!
5	I felt like my Jewish grandmother was trying to fatten me up. best smoked sable ever!
4	Clean, upbeat, French cafe'ee. Liverwurst, even at breakfast! Yay! My Mom is totally fouled out. Heh. Different coffee drinks, hot or iced, coffee is tasty and good.  Fast service, and a good crowd. Eclectic, yeah. Ok, my family is grouching  I spend more time on here than with them. I give my family 5 stars, but that's another story. :)
3	This review is for their bakery side, not the sit down restaurant . . . as we did not eat there, but just picked up some pastries and bagels to go!There aren't many superb salt bagels, I'm talking the good ones with the white granules all over the bagel - not the combination - but the fresh white salt granules! Yum!  This place has it amongst 20 other types of bagels.  There are also a myriad of cream cheeses, some beyond the norm which was a nice option! Muffins and danishes were fresh and delicious - according to the hubby, he is a fan as well.  Their baked goods and bagels are definitely fresh - no question - and soft! They are not cheap - we paid $14 for 4 bagels with cream cheese on 3 and butter on one.  I believe there is a "cut/slice" fee as well.  However, if you are in the mood for a good, damn good bagel, you will find it here! Service - we stood in front of the "order here" sign for a good 8 minutes before being acknowledged.  There were at least 4 people walking around behind the counter, but I guess we were invisible?  I'm not sure how you missed us - we were a party of 2 adults with 4 little girls in ballet clothes, giggling and starving?!!Anyway, we left happy and their bagels, muffins and pastries are legit!  And almost . . . . ALMOST worth the wait.
5	A Great Taste of back home NYC, Outstanding in every way.. Food and customer service..
4	I went here with some of our good friends from Israel and they were talking about the Challah french toast. Yum. Huge portions, good tea, lots of baked treats. It was super packed and worth the wait. We're fans.
4	Before I begin my review, what makes me qualified is that I am from New York. That's where the best bagels are born. I guess this makes me a Doctor of bagels.It's been 17 years since I lived in New York. I've lived in L.A. and I feel like I've been chasing the dragon trying to find a decent bagel. They don't exist.Now I live here in Vegas, and OMFG these are amazing bagels!!They may even be slightly better because they are lighter on the inside which makes them good because the bagel cafe makes 42 pound sandwiches.I felt like crying tears of joy while eating my (not just) onion, but SUPER ONION bagel.But wait, it gets better. Fluffy light black and white cookies and the moistest rainbow cookies I ever had!! Those are my favorites! I want to cry again.dreams come true at the bagel cafe!
2	So the wife and I eat here at least every other week. She likes the omelettes and I usually get the nova and bagel. She thinks the omelettes are light and fluffy and this is the only place I've found with decent lox and bagels. This last experience might just have changed our opinion though. I ordered the corned beef sandwich, which in the past has been good, and she got her usual. Her omelette came out burnt and tough, and my corned beef was entirely inedible, it was dry, cold and flavorless. I never knew  corned beef could be that bad. The waiter made himself scarce after dropping the food. And the cashier made a joke when she asked me how everything was and I replied that it was horrible. When I said no i was serious that it was horrible, she said "ok, sorry." Completely uninterested in what was wrong or how they could improve it.While I've always thought this was the best deli food in town, that really has been mostly due to a lack of good competition. With the lack of concern I saw with customer satisfaction, though I would have to say it wouldn't take much competition to get me to go somewhere new.
4	I love this place and I am sad that I don't get to have lunch here as often as I used to. This place reminds me of the Canters in LA, especially their deli and bakery.  They have a great menu. My favorites are the pastrami/corn beef sandwich, spanakopita (spinach pie) and matzoball soup. YUM!
5	This is one of the few places to go in Vegas for an authentic bagel! They have something like 25 different types of bagels and lots of different types of cream cheeses on a rotating basis. The best are the salmon roe, caviar, lox, and garlic cheddar! Their nova is usually really fresh and thinly sliced and the sturgeon is even better!I also love this place for the Jewish deli. Their rye is amazing, as are all of the meats. Matzoh ball soup is decent to good. The only thing I am usually not impressed with are the desserts, but who goes to a Jewish deli for the desserts?The ambiance is very cute - looks like a traditional Jewish deli and the menu is on a newspaper. Sometimes it gets very busy, but once seated, the food comes really quickly. It's also a great place for takeout!
5	yummy bagels and cream cheese!
3	The bagels here are much better than other bagel places in town.  Their creams cheeses are fresh with fresh fruit mixed in!  Sit down service is up and down, inconsistent. It usually depends on how busy they are. They have the rule: You can't be seated unless your entire party is present, but that isn't consistent either. They will ask over and over about your stroller if you have one...where will you put it, can it be broken down for fear it will take up soooooo much space. During one visit the stroller issue was so bad they said it was a fire issue. I had to let them know that it would fold down smaller than most as it was a jogger stroller. So leave your stroller in the car to avoid snotty questions or if you dislike condescending tones. To be fair, some staff members are amazingly sweet. One person at the to go check out gave my baby his favorite cookie on the house and talked to him for a few minutes. We would frequent this establishment more if their staff were consistently kind and professional.
1	This is right around the corner from our house so we frequent occasionally. The BF likes it more then I do but it's not terrible by any means. I like it because when I walk in I sorta feel like I'm in The City. I love The City! Today it smelled like a latke!! Oh man did it smell gooood!! I believe they make a lot of their product in house but I can't buy that they make all or most. That would be a lot of labor hours. BUT, I love their selection! The Rainbow cookies are to die for!! Non Nom Nom I think I've tried pretty much everything in their pastry case. If it looks like it might be dry and stale it probably is but they have a lot of wonderful things, too. The bagels are great and they have seasonal flavors as well as flavored cream cheeses. So on our visit today the BF got his usual Eggs Benedict, which he said this time wasn't as good as it had been before. He said it was bland but he said it might have been because he's getting over a head cold. I mix it up here, today I got the Corned Beef Hase! Yum! It was so good! Their eggs are also cooked perfect! I got the pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. Yum again! With plenty leftover for tomorrow's breakfast! The service is usually pretty standard. Friendly not over doing it not rude. Today we waited a lot longer then usual for our food to come and she dropped the check when she checked to see how our food was. I was afraid that meant she wasn't coming back again. I knew I was going to need a box and I hate being the one that's flagging someone down. Luckily she did. But that's more of a panic thing for me I was in the restaurant business and I have a lot of peeves, many that even annoy myself. So that's just one of them. The cashier girl was as basic as she could have been. No how are you, how was your meal. That would be my only complaint. Overall, we like Bagel Cafe and well be back.********I left this review as is to show I previously liked Bagel Cafe. But I changed my star rating to reflect my updated review**********
3	This place had great service, warm atmosphere and a very large menu. The NT potato knish was probably the best thing we had there. We also both got the sandwiches, which were good but far too big to even hold. The french fries were crispy enough (just the way I like them) and their portions are pretty large. BUT I tried the pizza bagels and they were god awful. The marinara had a really bad, sour aftertaste and the cheese was congealed. So, that pretty much ruined my meal a bit for me although I'd still be willing to go back and try a couple of other things on the menu.
4	The lox and cream cheese is the best I have ever had. The dessert case looked great but I was too full to partake. The restaurant was really busy is you can tell it is enjoyed by a lot of people. The bagels were fresh.
5	This visit is a sit down breakfast.  Love the newspaper menu, page after page of breakfast, lunch, and dinner items.  Traditional Jewish Deli with fantastic deli and bakery sections.  Shared a traditional fish platter and salami swiss omelet, all fantastic tasting and so easy to order with the accommodating waitress.  People working here certainly seem to enjoy their jobs, all were so friendly and accommodating.  After ordering at the table I walked over to the bakery and picked out a scrumbish chocolate babka, again so accommodating, the bakery hostess sliced a nice piece for us to eat at the table and wrapped the rest of the loaf for us to take home.  By the time I returned to my table the slice was there with fresh silverware, napkins, and coffee, when I paid my bill the packaged babka was ready for me.  Great food, great service, great deli atmosphere; could spend hours there.
5	Has the best bagels I've tasted on the West coast (so happy to find bagels like the New York bagels I grew up with :) I was also so happy to see my favorite east coast treats and foods like black and white cookies, giant chocolate chip cookies, rainbow cookies, fresh lox w/cream cheese, knishes and cream puffs! :) So happy my sis and brother-in-law found this place :) I can't wait to go back to try everything I saw!!! (I'm pacing myself)
4	OMG! I. Forgot to mention their French fries! I think they are double fried or something because it was a pile of salty extra crispy goodness.
5	I have been coming here forever! I come get bagel breakfast sandwiches before class ;-) The best deli and restaurant on the west side. Mark said it was the best french dip sandwich he had ever eaten. ever.
5	This is absolutely my favorite breakfast joint :D they have so much breakfast choices and all of them are delicious. They make their bagels and breads fresh because it's a bakery :P and they have a wide variety or desserts as well. I could be a happy fat kid if I lived near this place :)
5	Oh, Bagel Cafe. If I could eat sandwiches, bagels, and bakery items every day and not die, I would secretly move in here.Everything at The Bagel Cafe is great. The sandwiches are HUGE, and this is not a joke or understatement. When I order the brisket sandwich (YUM), I always have to pull half the meat off so I can fit the sandwich in my mouth - the tastiest of problems. Their bagels are really good, and their cream cheese options are even better - the cinnamon walnut raisin cream cheese is to die for. I even took my leftover cream cheese home once because it's that good. If you like garlic, I'd also recommend their garlicky breakfast options over in the deli area.Their bakery/pastry foods are the stuff dreams are made of. I avoid the cookies as they are too crunchy for me, but the cannolis, ruggulahs, cakes, and the like are addictive. I bought and drove their baked goods four hours away to California to make a good impression on my future in-laws. It worked like a charm.Bagel Cafe gets jammed up for breakfast/brunch on the weekends, but it's totally worth the wait and you'll easily understand why after eating there once. It's a little more expensive that somewhere like IHOP or a more casual sandwich place, but I still go when I can because it's delicious. Bagel Cafe - the perfect way to enter a Sunday brunch food coma.
5	I always want to order off the extensive sandwich menu, and love the reuben, whether with pastrami, corned beef or better yet a combination of the two (for slightly extra) but I inevitably fall on my favorite: the Matzoh Ball Soup. It is literally (not figuratively but in the very real sence) the best Matzoh Ball Soup I have ever tasted. They use both white and dark meat chicken (dark meat being where the flavor comes from) and are sparing in their use of white onions. Most soups with onions taste like onion soup with carrots and a tiny bit of chicken stock thrown in. Chicken is both the predominate flavor and ingredient. Spooning through it is like wading though a lake of chicken and flavor. It is divine.I always order the bowel sized, it is good for two meals and comes with a bagel and the topping of your choice.  The spinach and feta bagel with the garlic-cheddar cream cheese is my favorite, but the jalapeno cheddar bagel/schmere is a close second.And the pastry case! Cheesecake is the light and fluffy variety, I suspect they use mascarpone, and the fruit toppings are divine, rugelach, cookies, they even have "spinach pie" which I suspect is spanikopita but have yet to try because I always order the additively wonderful Matzoh Ball Soup.Cannot recommend enough, but I have never eaten in, as the space is always oppressively hot, being a bakery and all, and I prefer to take the magic home and eat it in air conditioned luxury.
5	AMAZING!!! I have to wonder about some of the bad reviews, as this was my first visit to this New York Jewish Deli, but am So Glad I took them with a grain of salt. Ordered "to go" veggie omelet w /cheddar, bagel lox sand which and a "pizza bagel". Everything from the sweets in the case to the bagels, spreads, meats and FISH ~ omg! ~ looked sooo good!!! When we finally ate our meal (at home), my friend just kept saying "oh my god" and "are you gunna eat that?" Cuz he wanted it all!! Las Vegas , enjoy and frequent this business!
3	Wanted to try somewhere new for breakfast. After reading reviews we decided to give it a go. Walking in you can smell all the different kinds of food. It smelt wonderful. It was seat yourself, which was easy. It was a little crowed and loud like a cafeteria. We waited for like 10 minutes for someone to finally acknowledge us to take our drink order and since we had time to look over the menu we where able to order our food. It seemed like it took awhile for us to get our food. We ordered the French toast with a side of sausage links. Two eggs with bacon/sliced tomato with everything bagel. The people you sat down long after us order two sandwiches and they got their food quicker than us. The food was great. Eggs were perfect and not just put together real fast. French toast had four huge pieces. I order the everything bagel, it would have been good if they didn't burn the top. The food was great. The services was just horrible. And not even worth it. When we finished we waited for our server to come with the check and we waited around 15 minutes for her to come. We never got any refills or even check on to make sure things were good. It was hard to even get someone's attention. Three stars for service. Otherwise would have given five. Might go back, but order carry out instead.
5	You must get a bagel! The cream cheese is fluffy and perfect! The jalepeno cream cheese is to die for! Everything tastes home made and great! Very attentive staff!
4	This is an amazing spot for brunch. The food is pretty basic, but still very good. They have a way of taking the standard deli fare and transforming it into something exceptionally delicious. I usually get the egg sandwich with cheese on an everything bagel, which I can highly recommend.Prices are very reasonable.
5	Haven't had a 5 star breakfast in a while!What's so different then?  FLAVOR!I am a sucker for a great omelet...I glanced in that area on the menu and noticed something odd...PASTRAMI as a meat choice!  Let's give it a try :)Pastrami Meat Omelet ($9.95). I wasn't sure how this combination was going to work out, but I am SO glad it did! Very flavorful pastrami, and everything here was perfect! Love their "home fries" aka breakfast potatoes and it comes with a bagel as well!  One of the BEST omelets I've had to date.All the omelets come with a choice of side...including a Bagel.  I gave the Jalapeno and Cheddar bagel with Jalapeno Cream Cheese a whirl. So good!  A lot of the flavor was in the cream cheese...love how they pair em up!I also grabbed some goodies from the bakery side....give the ITALIAN COOKIES a shot if you want a super rich, thick chocolaty cake like dessert.  Not sure why it's called cookies, but I am not complaining on taste!Pics :
3	Had a craving for a bagel and lox this morning so I decided to stop in based on the yelp reviews. Ordered at the deli to go. Had a sliced and toasted everything bagel with lite scallion cream cheese and lox, plus a potato pancake and they threw in a pickle. When I got to the counter to pay? $15.17?! Wow, that's just crazy for what I got. Don't get me wrong, the bagel was delicious. But the price? Fuggetaboutit!
4	4-stars!The Bagel Cafe is probably one of the only places in Las Vegas that comes close to being an authentic NY type deli eatery.  Must be, because this place is constantly packed full of folks!  East coast natives abound, I hear that 'Noo Yawkeh' accent on every other table!  Works for me!  As long as the food is good.For what it's worth, The Bagel Cafe doesn't disappoint.  Matzo ball soup?  Get outa hea!  Bagels and lox?  Ahrite ahready!  Hand-cut deli sandwich with pickles?  Fawget aboutit!  All represented here plus much more!  I can't believe I've lived here so long and within a 10 minute drive from this place, should've been here sooner to eat!  Now we will probably visit on a monthly basis whenever the need comes for a big @$$ deli sandwich.The Bagel Cafe is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner on most days, but you will see that breakfast and lunch are their busiest times.  Want to eat there on the weekend for brunch?  Be careful of the time, the wait can be a bit long!  But if you're looking for good deli eats, the wait is worth it.  They're friendly, but they work quick!  You gotta be on your toes.  Don't give an attitude, because you just might get one back!  These New Yorkers don't take no $hi+!  Keep that in mind and you'll be fine.The breakfast/lunch crowd is gigantic but there are a lot of open spaces, except for maybe ONE.  Word is power couple Mayor Goodman and former mayor...ahem...Mayor Goodman, frequent The Bagel Cafe often and even have their own empty table waiting for them.  They must really like the place to have their own little spot!  Lucky.  Guess the rest of us non-mayors just have to wait like everyone else.Food overall looks delicious though and many reviews confirm this.  Pancakes and challah French toast are huge.  Potato pancakes and Eggs Benedict look fresh and hearty.  Omelets, damn they are pretty good in size.  As much as I love breakfast though, I go straight for the deli sandwiches.  Go big or go home!  Most sandwiches come in either the 1/4 pound size (for you little babies), or 1/2 pound size (for us big babies).  They all come with pickles, and your choice of potato salad, macaroni salad, pasta salad, coleslaw, or chips.  Some good eats-a-comin'!I enjoy building my own sandwich, and often end up with a 1/2 pound behemoth of corned beef and pastrami on rye.  No wheat for me folks!  Give me that sucker, spread on some yellow mustard or the house brown mustard, and I'm ready to go!  I'll pound that 1/2 pound till she is no more!  Luckily there's not too much bread to get in your way of succulent meat.  The Thurmann's meats they use at The Bagel Cafe are of great quality, the seasoning for me on the corned beef and pastrami are just right.  Bright, briny, and peppery.  Damn delicious.Now, sandwiches are not allowed to be shared at The Bagel Cafe (watch out they will charge you for sharing that), so they have a build your own sandwich platter made for TWO people (or one lucky piggy).  For the sandwich platter you get your choice of bread, choice of two sides, a slew of fresh pickled veggies, lettuce, tomato, onion, choice of cheese, and just over 1/2 pound of up to three deli meats!  Sandwich platter of epic proportions!  Last time around the wifey and I chose corned beef, pastrami, and roast beef.  Yep, we overdid it just a tad.  So much food!  Best part?  This platter comes in at under $20!  We had enough to feed the two of us, plus share a bunch of deli cuts with the kids!  You can choose whatever deli meats you like on the menu, I hear the roast turkey and the tongue (yes - unctuous beef tongue) are good choices as well.The Bagel Cafe also does authentic deli dinners - classic choices like lamb shank, stuffed cabbage, liver and onions, and chopped steak.  I will have to be back for dinner one day!  For now, I am more than happy with a fatty deli sandwich.If you can't dine in, The Bagel Cafe will gladly do take-out, they have a full service bakery and deli on the opposite side of the dining room.  Need a dozen bagels for home, or a large side of NY cheesecake?  All this can be had and more, no big wait.  Get some chutzpah and bring your butts over here to The Bagel Cafe!  Don't be a friggin' putz!I will be back!
4	As homemade as it gets.  We are Einstein regulars, and the bagels here seem fluffier on the inside, even when it's toasted.  And it tastes like fresh-made bread!  The blueberry cream cheese contains actual blueberry chunks.  Service-wise, we got seated right away. A small ding for how long it took to get my final bill.  Five stars for food, 4 stars for service.
3	I've been here on multiple occasions and have loved the great service and delicious food. However, after my experience today I am not sure if I will return and this is why:Each item that we ordered was wrong. I waited long for my turkey pot pie and when I finally received it, it wasn't cooked. Luckily the waitress was apologetic, otherwise I would have given one star. The food is good, but they need to get it together before this place goes down hill.
3	So the one previous time I have been here my bf and I ordered breakfast bagel sandwiches to go at the counter. Which were HUGE and delicious (from what I remember anyway). I must admit, I think it's pretty cool how they've got the bagel display and other treats set up. It's just a comfy cozy kinda feeling to me. Last time we came it was mid morning and this place was p a c k e d! So this morning we opted to go about 7:30a just after they open to avoid the crowd; and we did just that. We were invited to seat ourselves when we walked in and immediately upon seating we were greeted and asked for our drink order. This was a good start and excited me because after our recent trip to PR I was glad to get great and quick customer service at a home town restaurant. I ordered the spinach and feta cheese omlet (added tomato); it came with home fries and a bagel with cream cheese. The bagel I loved. The home fries were ok. In the omlet they used fresh spinach which was great, I hate when restaurants use frozen or canned crap. Other than that I didn't really care for the omlet; I'm super picky with eggs and the eggs in this omlet were dry like over cooked, & it had browning on the outside of it which to me is disgusting. My bf had a bagels and lox; he loved it, just like he loves everything. The reason I give this place a 3 is because the food here just did not knock my socks off AND because they charged $4.50 for an orange juice, really? After we left I made the bf go around back and see if there was an orange tree back there because that's the only reason I can justify paying that much for a glass of juice, is if the tree is in the back growing those damn things and picked fresh daily. Lo and behold, there was no tree. I'm willing to give another try though sometime in the future. Their service though is definitely a 5 stars; from the friendliness of our waitress to how quick the food came out (under 10 min).
3	The food was great.  The only reason why I gave it three stars was, we wanted to sample a taste of tuna salad and the server said no. We asked why?  She said, people take advantage of it.  We asked for sample because there are so many variations of it.  This has been the only restaurant that would not give us a taste. The description the server gave us was salt pepper and celery and mayo.  HeLLO!!!  Really
1	I have always been the biggest fan of the Bagel Cafe. I have visited multiple times always for bagels and cheese to-go.   After my last visit the day after Christmas I may never come back...EVER!   Let me start off by saying that it was very early and not busy at all. Just me and two other people in the bakery area.   I placed my order for sliced bagels and cream cheese selections and moved on to the cashier.  At the register, I decided that I needed some soup for our lunch later that day so I ordered 2 chicken noodle soups w/ 3 matzo balls in each.  Didn't seem very difficult and the cashier said that she "would ring them up but just this one time since it wasn't busy."  ??? I didn't know soup needed to be ordered from the guys at the bagel counter...fine, my mistake, now I know for the future.  No big deal.  Here's where it all went downhill.  The cashier that I ordered the soup from rang up 3 soups instead of 2.  When she gave me the total I asked why it was so much? (The bowls of soups are $8.50 each)  She showed me the receipt and she rang up 3 soups instead of 2 which was her mistake.  During the process of refunding the soup you would have thought it was the end of the world that she had to refund 1 soup (which hadn't even been packaged yet).  She turned to another employee and rolled her eyes during the process all with me standing right there.  I spent over $50 on bagels and soups to go.  I told her that she was very rude and why I felt that way.  I walked out to my car which was parked in front of the big huge window by the register and she was huffing and puffing around talking about me to her co-worker.  I watched all of this through the window and made the decision to go back inside for the manager.  I told the manager exactly what happened.  He wanted me to "just let it go because it was the holidays"...WHAT?!?! Holidays or not when your employees are unprofessional and losing you business you better address your problems.  What a terrible approach from the manager to know I was treated poorly and to tell me to let it go because of the holidays without a simple apology.No apology...no yelp stars or business from me.  Never again will I spend my money here! There is something to be said for good customer service and this place doesn't have it.  I noticed some other reviews that noted rude and poor service.  I could have chalked it up to the cashier having a bad morning but with a terrible manager it was a double whammy.  I guess being rude is acceptable and you can put up with it or go somewhere else.The guy at the bagel counter was wonderful.  This issue was from the cashier and then the terrible manager.    Just because I walked out the door and can't hear you doesn't mean I can't SEE you talking trash about me through your huge windows!From previous visits during the busy times I learned that you must stand your ground in the line or people will just cut right in front of you. People act like their time is more important than yours and it's like they go ahead of you on purpose.  Nobody ever knows whose turn it is to order...pretty chaotic!
4	Who knew you could get good nosh in Vegas? The bagels are so soft and lovely on the inside, and crispy with fresh toppings on the outside! The super egg and onion looked so good...must get that next time! The homemade corned beef is phenomenal on a Reuben (ask for it on marbled rye...you won't be disappointed). The coleslaw is outstanding, and their new pickles are so scrumptious I could've eaten a dozen. Loved all the videos of how they prepare babka, potato latkes, knish, and bread....I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!
5	By far the best deli in Vegas!my husband and I come here for breakfast every Sunday.From the time you walk in the door you are greeted by out of this world friendliness (which is hard here in Vegas)! Their food is no exception to out of this world goodness! You have a variety of breads, bagels, meat options, cheese options- and the beat part is that you can never go wrong with whatever you order. The best part is their veggie spread!.... Save the best for last!
4	I wish Bagel Cafe was closer to where I live. It would be my go to spot for any of my meals for the day.We walk in after an early morning in the snow.  What a perfect place to get warm and have a good meal.  The place was packed and we had to search for a table.  Which we found way in the back.  We were lucky as it seemed there were more people looking for tables as well.  Anyhow, we sit and looked at the menu.  She always knows what she wants so it was really just me looking at the menu.  She got the Matzaball soup and some sort of spinach pastry, the little one a halla bagel with cream cheese, and I got eggs and potatoes.  I'm a sucker for breakfast.  The waitress was nice and took care of our needs.  Afterwards we looked at the bakery.  So much to choose from.  We brought home bagels, cookies, some sort of fruit filled pastry that was sweet and delicious, and an eclair.  So good... I have also had their chocolate cupcake in a different experience.  The eclair trumps it.
4	Really good bagels and a nice atmosphere.I passed this place by for years thinking it was basically just an einstein's, and I am glad to discover it has a full dining room.The food is good, standard breakfast fare, but featuring their authentic bagels. Lunch includes deli selections straight from New York.Prices are a little high, and only open during breakfast hours, I would love it if they stayed open all night.
3	I'm pretty sure God is a garlic bagel. I'm not a fan of NY- it just doesn't work for me. But the food does. Def took advantage of the Jewish delis in San Fran: matzo ball soup, thick-ass pastrami sandwiches, and the obligatory bagels and lox... Mmm!2 ounce lox plate with a spinach and feta bagel and cheddar-garlic cream cheese: not a combo I'd normally opt for, but somehow it all really worked together- the fish was fresh and silky and plentiful, the bagel toasty and chewy, the schmear chunky with cheese and fragrant with garlic. Everything was plated beautifully too, a leaf of lettuce under all of the thick slices of tomato and red onion, a russian pickle, several slices of cucumber, and a handful of olives, too.I peeked in the pastry case "just for a look"- and walked out with a "small" black and white, that was easily the size of my hand. I took a bite of the middle part with both frostings and fell a little bit deeper in love with food. Sadly, I knew I was also WAY over my calories for the day, so I only allowed myself half the treat.Only think I didn't dig here was that the lox plate came with olives instead of capers, which I were told was an extra $2- which is downright absurd. I can buy a whole jar for that price. Not sure whose idea this was or why, but would appreciate that minor substitution next time- I don't eat olives at all.ETA:Pizza bagels (particularly the fresh spinach and feta) are divine, especially on the garlic bagel; matzo ball soup is better than the one offered at Weiss in Henderson; the tongue sandwich is also light and silky and delicious.Best quality deli in town, hands down.
1	The atmosphere mirrors an East Coast Jewish Deli.  However, UNLIKE Jewish Delis,This establishment doe Moreovs NOT cook their OWN Brisket.  It is a pre cooked Deli Brisket by a well known lunch meat counter manufacturer.However, the prices that this establishment charges reflects one of an authentic JEWISH deli for this region.That said, I will NO longer frequent this establishment. Moreover, I have notified my colleagues, friends, family members NOT to visit this establishment  as well.Pre COOKED KAWALSKI Deli products does NOT make a VALID Jewish Deli!!SHAME ON YOU BAGEL CAFE!!
4	The food is delicious, and the atmosphere is great. It was comfortable and quiet. The flavor like no other and the coffee an A+. My first time there I was a bit confused with the dynamics of how to order to go, so I decided to stay and have breakfast there. Great experience. Totally worth the calories.I recommend this place.
2	I got half dozen bagels, 2- 1/4 lb of cream cheese and 1/2 lb of lox to go, it cost $35.00! It is way over priced. I did not even get an itemized receipt. I could have been over charged for all I know. I was shocked. Their bagels are just as good as Einsteins. The customer service is poor. The cashier and the food helper never smiled or expressed gratuity for coming in.
3	The Bagel Cafe clearly has their crowd. I stepped in here, had a seat, and could immediately tell a majority of people who come here must be regulars. It's like a community built around food they love. Or maybe the food they grew up with. That said, I have not grown up with this. I'm here for the first time after years of them already building their crowd. So if this is your place - completely ignore this review. It isn't for you.I like the feel of this kind of cafe. It's got a strange feeling of "welcome, have a seat and spend some time here." I think that's what people are attracted to. Even though it's nothing special in terms of its appearance or foods, it just feels approachable. The menu is a newspaper. The service is clearly a lot of people who have been there a long time. They know what's up, inside and out.As for the food, I say nay. It is dull and tired. The pastrami is plentiful, but extremely dry and uninspiring. The matzo ball soup is interesting at first but becomes just another mild soup after a few minutes. Prices are average, which is appropriate. There is an impressive selection of baked goods. Breads and pastries everyone can glaze their eyes over. I didn't try any, though the raspberry rugulas caught my attention.Either you're going to love this place because it's going to warm your heart with familiarity, or you're going to leave thinking pretty much nothing - as I did. It's a cafe to me, but so much more to the right people.
5	I love this place - it is a small slice of NY in Vegas! The bagels are the best and just like the ones I grew up on! I eat breakfast here at least 3 times a month!
5	This is my favorite place to take friends, family and visitors for breakfast or lunch. It's always busy because the food has a reputation for being great and consistent. PROS: The bagels             Corned beef hash             Nova Lox spread             Pastrami and tongue sandwich             Matzo ball soup             Black and white cookie             Whitefish salad             Chopped liver             Full service bakery and deli              CONS: Sun dried tomato and chicken pizza bagel
5	Huge portions, fair prices and a wrap around case of baked goods means a very happy Yelper!  After going to Weiss a few months ago, my friends said "you need to try Bagel Cafe, it's the best Jewish deli around"!Bagel Cafe has a very home-like feel to it and the menu is printed on a multi-page newspaper.  I went with a half-chicken salad sandwich that was still a decent size.  I kept eying my friend's large 1/2 sandwich he ordered which was loaded with meat and I don't think cost more than $15.For dessert I went for their smaller sized cookie (the large is gigantic) but there is a whole slew of things to pick from at the entrance!!  Don't take my word for it though, billionaire Venetian owner Sheldon Adelson was at the table behind us!  I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!
5	This is one of my all time favorite Sunday morning breakfast places! I love the omelets and bagels that they have here, get the garlic cheddar cream cheese it is great on all the bagels! well maybe not the raisin one but hey, give it a try anyway!!
2	The food was good and our waitress fairly attentive and nice. I got the matzo ball soup and half a pastrami sandwich. I'd never had that kind of soup before but thought it was quite tasty, and had large chunks of yummy chicken in it. I was thinking that I would definitely come back here. That is until we went to pay. There were seven of us on one check so while the first couple of people started to pay my friend and I went to check out the bakery items. They looked amazing by the way. We noticed that nearly everyone in our group had paid so we came to the register to pay also. That's when I noticed the man paying at the register next to us was complaining to the blonde woman working that we had cut in front of him. The woman loudly stated to him but obviously so we could hear, "some people need to pay more attention to the people around them." Clearly they were talking about us so I said, "excuse me we were all on the same check, we are with the same people who were just paying." The blonde woman working rolled her eyes at me and refused to acknowledge me. Then the woman who was working our register tried to tell me that the other members of my group didn't pay. I left her with my credit card and went to get them. They had in fact paid she was holding a large sum of cash in her hand and she said when I got back "Oh this was for their meals?" and acted insulted. Lady we weren't tipping over $100 on the $100  check!! To add insult to this experience as I tried to finally leave a woman coming in the door started walking right into me. I stopped to avoid a collision and she shoved me and said "excuse you" to get past me. Obviously I can't blame the restaurant for that last incident but if that's the kind of clientele you attract I don't want to be a part of that group. The food was not good enough to make up for all the rudeness at the end.
5	so..this is My first time here ...so I walk in on Saturday lunch rush...the place was packed but it did not take long to seat us nonetheless....I ordered the comboReuben....it was probably the best sandwich Ive truly had in forever....it was a great flavor of pastrami and corned beef......the portion was huge and the fries I didn't even touch.....I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a true deli and bakery......and don't get me started on the bakery selection..
4	OK so I believe in redemption and I am here to report back that there has been a huge improvement for me at the bagel cafe. The attitude of the deli counter staff has improved substantially. The food is very good and is quickly becoming a regular stop for me and my father. There are a few things that should be addressed but the importance in comparison to the experience itself has become a non issue for me. The food here is on par with my go to delis back home. I also wanted to note that although i have seen people comment on service in the dining area ,I personally have never experienced bad service when i sit down to eat,in fact they are above average on response times.As far as price goes it is all normally priced food for a good jewish deli.
1	I have been a fan and regular customer of the Bagel Cafe for many years.  What happened to me today is a game changer!  My wife and I took 3 friends out to breakfast.  As usual the food was good and as usual my wife wanted to take home a pastry as did my friends.  There was quite a long line to pay as Sundays are always busy.  I wait in the pay line while the other 4 check out the goodies.  After about 5 minutes it's my turn to pay and I ask the cashier to add an eclair.  In a not so great tone of voice she says " we are too busy, you have to order over there".  I was taken aback by not only the tone but in the past I always ordered my to go pastry from the cashier.  I will grant that I usually eat thier on Monday"s when they are not as busy but I became defensive from her barking at me.  I stated my unhappiness and she asked if I wanted to speak to the manager and I stated I did so she pointed him out to me.  I walked over to him and explained that I have always ordered my pastries as I was paying and he told me something to the effect of, We don't let the cashiers handle money and food because some money comes in from sick people, casinos and from a "strippers ass crack". REALLY! Stuff happens and I sure don't want to take such a good deli off my list but I felt pretty small at that point.  If the cashier was nicer in her response from me I would not have questioned going to another line, but the manager was icing on the cake. We can all have a bad day and maybe I could have handled everyhing different on my end but the attitude and response said to me they just don't really appreciate my patronage
4	Good variety of food.  Has a bakery.  Easy seating and the food comes out fast.  The parking is probably my only complaint!
5	Best deli in Las Vegas!  Great bagels and soup. My personal favorite. You cannot go wrong here. Tends to get crowded on weekends at brunch time but always worth the wait.
3	Let me preface by stating the food was VERY good. The people that work there on the other hand, not so much. First off, our waitress talked so fast, we couldn't even answer before she was already making up our mind for us. We were supposed to have an option as our side (potatoes, fruit, or bread) and she never asked us what we wanted so I assumed that we didn't get a side with our meal. We did, she just assumed we wanted potatoes. Which I did not. We were served our meal without silverware. And after our meal, we went to the bakery and stood at the counter for minutes with staff walking past before anyone asked us if we had been helped. We noticed we were charged $3.25 for a potato pancake at our table, but they were at the bakery for $2.25. When I asked the cashier why we were charged more she gave me a snotty attitude and said it's cause they "warm it up." Seriously?! Starbucks warms your baked goods for free! When I told her it was silly she rolled her eyes and said "it's the labor charge." I'm thinking "OMG your ridiculous" but these words stayed in my head. I wanted to slap her. Then another staff member who overheard said "it's because it comes with bread." To which I replied "well, we didn't get bread."  The service was just downright ridiculous. I was so annoyed walking out of there. Seriously though, the food was great.
4	Born and raised in New York the warm and soft bagel is a part of my heritage. It seemed that I would have to board the Concorde if I was to have a New York bagel in a reasonable time. That was until I stepped foot in the Bagel Cafe.  The Bagel Cafe is a slice of the Big Apple approximately ten miles northwest of NY-NY in the Summerlin community of Las Vegas. The four times that I have had breakfast here in very recent times, my mind literally left Vegas and entered a New York bagel restaurant. As soon as I stepped on line, displayed right to my left were Wise Potato chips. Wise Potato chips are a popular brand of potato chips that are extremely popular in New York, but sold in a few places in Vegas :( . When I looked to the right, standing out from the display cases of cookies were the rainbow cookies. Since leaving New York, I have rarely laid eyes on them in Las Vegas. The closest rainbow cookies that I have seen to Las Vegas were at Chompie's Deli in Phoenix. After being seated sitting in front of me was the warm and soft bagel. Three times, I ordered egg salad on a bagel and once a BLT on the warm and soft bagel. The quality was superb. The bagel sandwich was overflowing with egg salad that was topped off with lettuce, onions, and a tomato. The BLT was the antithesis of the pathetic BLT that I recently ordered at Panera Bread. It was overflowing with crunchy beacon. With each sandwich, I ordered potato salad and coffee. The coffee tasted just as good as the bagel shops that I remembered before Starbuck's came on the scene. In actuality, the coffee is just as good as Starbuck's.  Just like New York, the Bagel Cafe is crowded. Parking is a challenge, and it is almost guaranteed that some walking is required. The Bagel Cafe is located in a professional park on the west side of Buffalo Drive south of the Summerlin Parkway. Unlike the New York City landmarks, it blends in with the professional buildings. On account of the parking lot being linear with the popularity of the Bagel Cafe, each time I had to walk the distance of two professional buildings (not complaining. I went here before hikes). On weekends, there was a wait. The Bagel Cafe is relatively large and the weekend waits were no longer than 15 minutes. On the other hand, it was less crowded on a Wednesday at 1 p.m., and the "Please Wait to Be Seated" sign was turned around to "Please seat yourself."  The Bagel Cafe differentiates from the prices of the New York bagel shops that I know of in New York. Unless inflation at the New York Bagel shops went up in double digits, the Bagel Cafe prices seem steeply higher than those of the bagel shops that I remembered. From my experiences here, it is the Waitresses that can make and break the price. The first two times that I had my New York moments here, the sweet Waitress passed on a tip that if you order a sandwich on a bagel instead of bread (Did not come here for bread) that you get a full sandwich for the price of a half sandwich. Fast forward to the last two times, and the impersonal Waitress was charging me for the full sandwich (check with tip came to around $15). But what could I do?  It would still be far less expensive than flying in a Concorde to New York.  If you grew up with the New York bagel, or are just a fan of it; I recommend the Bagel Cafe. On the four visits that I visited Bagel Cafe, I have made it a point to stop by on the way to a park. Admittedly I planned to hike in a nearby park a couple of those times with the excuse to check-in here. I am so confident that I will get in a mood for the New York Bagel. With that said, I see Bagel Cafe check-ins in my future.****Please note that there are other establishments using the Bagel Cafe name or similar to it. The one in the Sun Coast I rated 2 stars.
4	Service is really good and food is ridiculously large and quite tasty. It's sort of a Cheers of breakfast places. The same servers every time and they start to recognize people. There's sometimes a wait, which can seem to stretch longer than it needs to. Good grub.
5	I live right down the street so needless to say I eat here a lot! Literally every time I visit, the food is fresh and amazing.  Never once have I been let down.  The service can sometimes be iffy, but it's understandable seeing as they're always busy.  It's noticeable that the staff works their butts off and always try's their best to keep customers satisfied. My favorites here include ALL bagels, the spinach and feta omelette, and the eggs Benedict. Everything is good though.
4	Upon walking into this cafe everything looked delicious and fresh! In addition to the multitude of bagel and cream cheese selections, there were also several pastries and such to choose from. I had the spinach and feta bagel with the cream cheese with smoked salmon mixed into it and it was good! They put A LOT of cream cheese though, and the spinach and feta bagel didn't really taste like spinach or feta. I will definitely stop by again when I'm in the area!
5	This place is ALWAYS packed and after visiting a few times, I can definitely see why!!! It's a restaurant, bakery, and a little meat market all in one! They give you HUGE portions. I don't think we've ever left without a doggie bag! Everything we've ever gotten has been so fresh and delicious. Their potato pancakes are gigantic. The first time we ordered them, we were thinking about getting another order because the menu said it would only come with three, but when they came out, we were glad we stuck with our ONE order. Usually, I find, the bigger the portions, the sucky-er the food, but not the case with this place!
1	Didn't feel like the bagels were much like NYC style...bagels were large which is great for quantity purposes but isn't like actual NYC bagels which are smallerHad the knockwurst and I'm pretty sure that it wasn't knockwurst...the sausage I ate had a dark brown color while knockwurst is lighter in color....regardless of how u cook it...the sausage was an overpriced country sausage that u get cheaper at ihop
5	Easily the best bagels in Vegas. Little pricey, but portions are huge! Have had the chicken salad sandwich here before. The onion super egg is my favorite
5	Went there with a friend for lunch. Service was quick and friendly. Food was excellent. I couldn't ask for a better experience. My lunch partner went on and on about the authenticity of the food. We walked through the deli side on the way out. I think there were 8 or 10 kinds of cream cheese.I'll definitely return when I'm in town.
3	This is a very popular breakfast/lunch place. When you walk in you are tempted with tons of delicious pastries ( not a good place if you are on a diet, but probably worth the calories) if you are coming to eat here over the weekend expect to wait from 10-30 minutes.. Is the wait worth it? The food is not bad, but personally I only wait for amazing food. Another thing I did not like was their warning on the menu. The ask to please not to share the sandwich!!!! Come on!!! It bothers me a lot when restaurants tell you what to do, its not like I'm not paying for the product, it shouldn't be your concern what I do with my food! Good thing I dont like sandwiches but the warning is just annoyingI ordered the crab egg Benedict and it was too fishy for my taste. I know it sounds weird but I hate when my meal smells and tastes too fishy!  I had to opportunity to try the turkey sandwich and it was pretty fresh. However, the sandwich was not extraordinary! Overall, decent food and good pastries
1	This place is sooooo overrated.  The first thing you notice when you walk in is the nasty, rancid smell that permeates the place.  It's an odor that is not the odor of cooked food, it smells rank!  You will see the bakery and deli counters as soon as you walk in.  The selection is limited, the bagels are better at Einstein's bakery and the baked goods are obviously not baked on sight, but shipped in from someplace else.  I've tried several of their baked goods, and none are extraordinary.  Much better pastries can be found at Patisserie Manon on Charleston near Rampart.  As for the food, very overrated.  The food is nothing special and if you go for breakfast the coffee tastes like water. If you live  in or near Summerlin, and want an infinitely better breakfast, try Griddlecakes  in the Von's shopping center on Village Center Circle, or at the new Cracked Egg in the Smith's shopping center on Hualapai and Charleston.  Both are less expensive, have better tasting food,  have better atmospheres without the nauseating smell, and the service is better.
5	I've been here a few times and each time the food and service has been outstanding. It's a seat yourself type of joint so be sure to get there before the breakfast or lunch rush; luckily each time I've gone, I've gotten a table. The food is the best deli food I've had in Vegas, period! The sandwiches are gigantic and the breakfast fare is bountiful. Each time I've been I've had a different type of sandwich. There are two sizes of sandwiches, the biggest size is huge, but manageable if you've got a descent appetite. All the spicy mustard they offer on the table goes great with any sandwich. My wife is a breakfast fanatic and each time we've gone she hasn't been disappointed. After our meals we take a stroll next to their dessert cases and after about 10 minutes or so we finally make our decisions. They have a huge selection of desserts that are made on site as well as their bagel selection. If you're looking for a legit deli, with huge sandwiches and tasty desserts, this is your place, you won't be disappointed.
1	I'm updating my review due to the extremely RUDE manager on duty on Easter! I placed an order for pick up early on Sunday to have picked up at two. I ordered four meals and several pastries from the case. When I was checking out I mentioned that I was to get a side and bagel option with the Benedict I ordered, per their menu online(see picture). Two girls told me no before they asked the manager, Jeremy/Jerry. Who said no but go a head and give it to her, I said thank you. He proceeds to get a menu to point it out. I said ok just to let you know your menu online says that all eggs and omelet dishes come with a choice of sides stated and a bagel. (All in the same section of the Benedict's). He said it comes with an English muffin but I'm not going to make a big deal out of a bagel and that he's never had anyone ask for the bagel. I don't respond because I know better and he agreed to give me the bagel. But I think to myself well I understand that a Benedict comes with an English muffin, I'm not stupid but the menu didn't state a bagel for a substitute. The girl ringing me out said oh the online menu? Well what this guy doesn't know is that I've worked in and managed places very similar to this and I know when a cashier is sympathizing with a customer. They obviously have had this complaint before also by the way he immediately got defensive. So I pay $75 AND tip (not to mention the $8.25 for a "large" side of fruit that was a mere pint) and we leave. As were walking out the door I hear ma'am, like I've forgotten a bag. Ha nope! It's the manager coming outside to argue some more. (My BF said after we left that when he came out the manager said I didn't want to argue with you inside....uhhh how about not at all) He tries to speak but I say to the BF let's go and he starts going on and on and I walk around the BF to walk away and the manager says "ridiculous" as he's wailing back in. Ummmm NNO!!! I turn around, open the door and say that was uncalled for and walked away. He comes out again and says next time you can get a bagel instead of the English muffin. Well Manager of the Year, there won't be a next time!! Ok so! So many things wrong with this!! First of all a manager following me outside to argue with a customer!!! Outside!! Over a bagel!!! You seriously have nothing better to do? I never had time to do that when I was a manager nor was it something I wished to do and seek out. He was so mad about giving me a bagel he steamed over it and still felt he hadn't said enough! Second, let me inform some of you who might not know...those bagels you pay $2.00 and then some only cost about $.25 to make. Hmmm customer comes to my store spends $75, makes a valid point about what your crappy online menu says, give $.25 bagel to make customer happy. Most restaurant managers know the common sense in that! I seriously couldn't say enough about this! Uncalled for. Unprofessional. A frequent customer is now a nonexistent. I'm not happy about refusing to have their pastries!! But not worth giving any more of my money to them!!
3	The food was really good. My husband got us a bagel with cream cheese, omlete, potatoes and a really good blueberry muffin! The only problem we had (which I took 2 stars away from) is the service! Oh my goodness they where rude as hell! And then where pissed off that we didnt tip them! It sucks when you have a resturant with good food but crappy people ugh!
4	When it comes to being the best Jewish Deli  in town... This place is definitely- HANDS DOWN! They have the best rugelach! I love their Tongue Sandwich- I barely chew it! Matzo Ball soup, my all-time favorite!Never leave without getting something from the pastry counter. 1 pastry itself is good enough to feed 2-3 people!
3	I came here for a late brunch and we just missed the rush! We were seated right away and greeted with service the moment we sat at our table with menus. (I love breakfast places that have newspapers as their menu!) They have different types of bagels! I wanted the sun-dried tomato bagel, but they ran out. I ended up ordering garlic and onion one and it was okay. I also ordered the lox & bagel. That was delicious! I love smoked salmon and it came with a lot of olives and other condiments, but not enough salmon! Its a very cute breakfast joint, but I wasn't impressed. They do have a lot of desserts, breads, and other pastries! They look better than the food. I want to come back just to try their desserts!
5	OMG delish! Love love love this place!!! They have so many options and tasty foods!!! Plus the service was on point :)
5	Best matzoh ball soup in town. I love getting breakfast here, best bagels and cream cheese, all made in house. Ive heard they have an amazing deli, but I've never had a chance to try their huge deli sandwiches.
1	Cashiers need to be trained with how they handle customers.  I purchased a Ruben sandwich to go.  After I received my sandwich, I decided that I'd rather sit down and eat it.  I told the cashier that I wanted to sit down, and rather than being courteous and finding me a seat, she told me that the tables are for people that order food from a waitress.  Ridiculous!  I guess spending $15 for a sandwich, fries and potato salad isn't enough for me to to sit down at their establishment and enjoy my meal.    I wouldn't recommend this place based on the customer service alone.  I definitely won't be bringing my family or friends.
4	We go here regularly. My favorite is a plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese but I've tried almost everything and have never been let down.Friendly service, great food.
2	I have such mixed feelings about the Bagel Cafe. I love-like-hate it, all at the same time. So, I will break it down as to why I feel the way I do.LOVE:Homemade food.Fresh baked breads.House-made Pickles (seriously, they're perfect)Friendly serviceLike:Their soups are off the chain (I know it's 100 degrees in Vegas, but soup me!)Corny newspaper menusSelection of fresh baked pastries and cakesOver-stuffed sandwiches.Hate:WARNING: Don't share your sandwiches (what, the what?! I do what I want with my sammie).Pricing - $7.50 for a cup of soup.Chaotic when entering. There's no "seat yourself" sign or anyone really greeting you.How basic and homey the place feels.Bland, uninspired food.Bagel Cafe is hidden in a Business Park and they're always busy (especially on the weekends - up to an hour wait). IT's got a huge area in the front where you can get deli meats, cheese, chips, sammies, soups, cookies, bagels, and every other sweet confection known to man to-go. There are about 30 tables/booths. There's not a lot of ambiance and all employees where Bagel Cafe polo shirts so they're easy to spot. Bagel Cafe is very hit-or-miss in regards to what you order. My Matzo Ball soup was excellent and full of chicken chunks (and a few small bones), carrots, celery, and noodles. It's tasty, but nothing that makes it memorable. The tuna salad was bland. I hardly ever reach for salt and pepper and I had to! The Nova Platter small was a small amount of lox, olives, sliced tomato, sliced cucumber, and a pickle that was halved, it was $11.95, way too much for mainly salad bar options. I also can't get over the fact that they sell 1/4 & 1/2 lb sandwich options and state DO NOT SHARE. I get that if you are at an AYCE sushi place or dining at a 5 star restaurant, but at a Breakfast/Brunch spot? I do what I want with my sandwich and sharing is caring!At the end of the day, the BAD outweights the good here. Overpriced, restrictions, dull food, and lack of organization makes this place a "meh" in my book.
5	While The Bagel Cafe is located 30 minutes  from me it's well worth the drive and then some. I'm from NYC and they meet or exceed everything about a NYC Jewish deli. 30 different bagels,  smoked fish, bakery to kill for. All with 6 star service. The only down side don't go from noon to 2pm on weekend and holidays.
5	THE best black and white cookies I've ever been able to find. I'm always looking for something as yummy as the one at the bagel cafe every time we travel and I have yet to find one that's as good. All of their baked goods are delish. Matzo ball soup is one of the best as well
4	Love this place!I don't eat breakfast often, but when I do, I prefer The Bagel Cafe. Stay hungry my friends.Seriously though, this place has the dopest bagels and pastries. The best part about it? They don't taste overly sugary! I could literally eat a cookie, a black coffee and a jalapeno and cheese bagel every day. The ONLY reason this place gets knocked off of the perfect 5 stars is because of service at the cashier. Just because it is a New York-style eatery, does not mean you can treat your customers like they're Bostonians. The cashier was pretty rude when I was taking out my money to pay as if I should've already had it out and ready...really?Anyways, if you don't mind the people when you eat somewhere, definitely come here! If you do mind service, STILL come here, but bite your tongue when speaking to the cashier.
3	I have wanted very much to come here, as they were touted on their bagels and Jewish deli-ness. I was pleased that it was more spacious than I expected, with tables and a counter for seating. The bagel selection was good and the pastries looked wonderful. But I was here for a favorite--bagel, schmear, and lox. The first annoyance was the lack of a "please seat yourself sign", but that was minor. The next annoyance was that there was no bagel-shmear-lox item on the menu. I had to order a bagel and a small Nova platter. The waitress was good in asking if I wanted capers, as of course I did. The bagel did come with an adequate amount of schmear; I often have to ask for more but here I didn't. The small Nova platter was a major disappointment. There were a lot of greens (more than I needed of lettuce, tomato slices, cucumber slices, and a half a pickle) but an insignificant amount of lox. The good delis I know in Cleveland and New York would have been ashamed. I am sure that much else is good, but this is not.
4	Ordinarily I am the cheap-o kind of guy that would scoff at the mere thought of paying $26 for a meal for one person.  So why is it that I am absolutely fine with paying that much at Bagel Cafe?  Because I got more than just one meal out of the food I ordered.  I saw stuffed cabbage on the menu uder "Starters" so I thought I would start with that.  I also had made up my mind on a pastrami reuben.  Little did I know that the cabbage would come out the size of a small baby and be served with a whole bagel.  As soon as the cabbage came to my table I knew I was in trouble.  I joked with the waitress that I may need a to-go box before the day was over.  When she saw the glazed over look in my eyes when the sandwich came, she looked at me and said "Yeah, you're gonna need a box.  Let me know when you're ready." The cabbage was hands down the best I've ever had.  It was tender enough to eat with a spoon.  There was no choking down of tough cabbage leaves.  The sauce was tomato perfection.  The meatloaf within was formed well and held its shape better than mama can make it do.  I could have and perhaps even should have made a meal of just the cabbage.  But no, I had to get the sandwich too. The sandwich was what I have been searching for in Las Vegas for years.  Pastrami stacked higher than my mouth will allow in and covered in gooey melty cheese, soaked with dressing and topped with crunchy and mild sauerkraut.  It was a magnificant sight to behold.  The battered fries, macaroni salad and pickle spear on the plate all added to the feast.  At the time of my surrender I had eaten half of the cabbage, half of the bagel, half of my reuben, the macaroni salad and a few fries.  I thought I might need a wheel chair to roll my fat butt back to the car.  With my leftovers I ended up with no less than two more meals.  One meal was the remainder of the cabbage and bagel.  The other was the reuben and fries for lunch the following day.  With that, my $26 meal soon turned into three and, at a more resonable $8 and change per, was easier to justify.
5	I'm a certified Chicken Pot Pie Freak.  No one does it better than the Bagel Cafe.  For those who drive to Las Vegas, put your car to good use and drive here.  At least 5 times better than any buffet or Casino Restaurant.
4	Great sandwiches, bagels and all types of sweets and pastries - i had their pastrami sandwich and fell in love - generous portions of quality meat and good bread - what else can you ask for! I've had many of their sweets, they were all delicious. A bit pricey, but I don't mind it considering the quality. I usually visit about 2-3 times a month.
5	What a find!  We either ate there or got food to go 4 of 5 days of our trip! We had corned Beef Hash and potatoes,  knishes, cabbage rolls, potato pancakes,  a reuben, bagels every day, cookies,  muffins, cupcakes and sweet n sour soup. Everything was absolutely amazing and it was so hard to decide what to order because everything looked so good!!  Highly recommended!
1	Great food, but absolutely horrible service especially at the check out. The guy who helped us with the bagels was rude off the bat, but once we decided to head over to sit down to eat, he started staring at us and complaining about us in our presence to the cashiers. We were very rudedly told, almost reprimanded, that we were not allowed to sit down if we were going to take out the food. We just didnt know! We understand that there are policies, but the way that the staff explained that to us was very inapproprate. It was as if they were mad and we were children that needed to be scolded. When paying for the food, the cashier rudely told us that we cant do that. We ate our food in our car, annoyed and upset. The food was good, but not good enough to come back despite the bad customer service.
5	Simply the best NY-style deli in town! Everything is made fresh, in-house from the bagels, to the pastries, potato pancakes and matzo ball soup. Large portions just like you'd get at a NY deli. They even do catering! Highly recommend!
4	Their bagels are the best (I've had) in Las Vegas! But equally as good are their assortment of cream cheeses and their pastries, cookies, etc.Whenever I'm on this side of town, I like to get their bagel and lox sandwich w/ lite scallion cream cheese. I was there today and someone ordered a pastrami sandwich that looked amazing, so I may need to divert from my standard order.
4	**Original review from 5/5/2011. Updating new profile.**Another place I must visit when I'm out in Vegas. Of course, I've only been here 3 times and each time I get the same thing. Lump Crab Eggs Benedict. Heaven in my mouth! I don't come here for the coffee, which is drinkable, but not the best. I come here for this heavenly lump crab dish.... and the deli/bakery items. My mom had me try the potato cakes last time we were there and..... excuse me. Had to take a breather. Just thinking about those delicious, wonderful potato concoctions with the apple sauce.... Yummmmmmmmm.The cafe service has been great for me each time. The last time I was there was on a Sunday morning and they were jam packed!!! The waitress was great and attentive, even though the place was packed. On busy days, I understand poaching eggs can be a little difficult because there's a lot more to pay attention to, so when I pointed out that my eggs had been overcooked, without hesitation, she comped me for one of my favorite things in the bakery. (I didn't want them remade.... they were still edible)The bakery staff is why this place didn't receive a 5 star rating from me. Since I'm still new to the place, I didn't know that you had to stand in line at the deli to get service at the bakery. No one spoke up and when I tried to get the attention of one of the guys, I was blown off. When I finally received service, I placed my order and then asked for something from the deli. He treated my request as a big inconvenience. Needless to say, if it's a busy day, I'll just eat at the cafe and leave my bakery/deli order for another, less busy time.Their food is great. Their bakery and deli items are delicious. I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone, but I would tell them to be patient and try to go when it's not so busy.
4	Amazing NY bagel shop in Las Vegas. It is always busy and there are always New Yorkers in there. The bagels are amazing, along with their varieties of cream cheese. Their lox, knish, and baked goods are incredible as well. If you have time, stay for the food. I recommend any of the eggs Benedict and the challah French toast. Huge portions and huge personality. Get some ruggulah to go.
4	Their CRAB CAKE BENEDICT was the bomb!It came with jumbo lump crab meat as advertised in the menu, and it was sooo delicious. I don't appreciate the Hollandaise sauce that much, but it was also outstanding.The fresh veggie omelet came with spinach, tomato, onion, mushrooms and bell peppers - was good but not as impressive as the bennie.And the bagel - came with the nova cream cheese (mixed with smoked salmon) and it was great.
5	come hungry! best bagels, cream cheese, omelets!!!! love every thing they make (except desserts, i don't think they use butter, so desserts are just ok) highly recommend!
4	What makes the Bagel Cafe an authentic New York Deli?? They'll say it's the food, which may be true but the real reason if you listen carefully is there are many different languages being spoken. Three I could recognize (English, Spanish, Israeli) and two I could not, but one sounded Russian. So apparently the Bagel Cafe is like a mini melting pot like New York. Food was good as always!
5	Outstanding restaurant! We had the roast beef sandwich, macaroni salad, side of Sturgeon, bagel and Nova smoked salmon (less salty).I did ask for my bagel not to be toasted and it came out toasted, this turned out being a great mistake by our server because it was really good. The best bagel I have ever had. I can't wait to go back and try all of their gourmet flavored cream cheeses.The sandwich was perfection. The homemade pickle was discussting.they should make a few different pickled types, it tasted like a half done pickle. The macaroni salad had too much pickle flavor, would not order that again.The Nova Salmon was a perfect amount for my bagel and sodium content was balanced by the fresh fish flavor.We tried an eclair ! It was huge, the size reminded me of a six inch sub at subway! The pudding cream inside was incredibly addicting, they should sell that seperatelyI could eat it by the spoonful! I was hoping they had more mini dessert selections, we would've tried more and spent more.My sugar cookie, had a smiley face on it, tasted like dry shortbread. I did not like it at all, I prefer chewy cookies. I saw multiple servers eating on the job coming from a back serving room, not the kitchen, that was weird, we're they eating off old plates? Also our server checked her watch multiple times, made me think she wanted to get out of work and rush us. The man at checkout was very nice and engaging. We can't wait to come back and try more.
1	I have been back several times before writing this review update just to make sure all the inconsistency that I have been experiencing is now the way of Bagel Cafe and not just an off day they were having. I'm prepared for the loyal fixtures to be upset, but if you really have been eating here since it opened then you know it's not the same. I first started eating here at Bagel Cafe (I was a teenager) after it opened. It was worth the long wait to get a table as the food was spot on excellent. Sure we all know the best breakfast in town is at the Omelet House on Charleston, but this place definitely came close behind at one point. In the last 6 months I have experienced meals here at Bagel Cafe that were just not worth the money or wait for what you got. They don't even use Boar's Head deli meats anymore! WTH?!?!?!? They use some brand I have never heard of. The taste and quality of the deli meat just isn't the same as it used to be. They claim the bagels are made fresh daily yet they are rock hard. I have never liked the bagels here, but if it's in your name.... live up to it!As you can tell from my previous review and pictures, I really used to like this place. Consistency is a major issue. The sandwiches used to be made with Boar's Head deli meat and was piled high between the bread of your choice and a real winner. Now you get some other brand of meat just bunched up in a ball between 2 dry pieces of bread. I can do that at home! Then there is breakfast. I usually order breakfast here. The last 3 times the coffee has tasted bitter and nasty. Getting a refill was a major chore as well. I noticed the servers didn't have name tags on my last visit or I would give a proper shout-out to the waitress who has messed up my order lately and has terrible customer service. I ordered "One Egg any style W/Bacon" priced at $8.95 and asked for eggs to be scrambled with shredded cheddar cheese on top. Such a simple breakfast right? Apparently not For Bagel Cafe. The breakfast also came with a bagel of my choice and breakfast potatoes. When my food arrived I noticed there was a slice of cheddar cheese on my eggs. UGH! If you don't have shredded cheese just let the customer know so they can maybe make another choice. I would have had the egg over medium or easy to dunk my bacon in if I had known. The "Asiago" bagel I had was so tough and hard!  I was with another yelper one of my last visits and showed him how I was able to bang the bagel on the table and it just broke in pieces.  The bacon was terrible. From the picture it looks heavenly, but let me tell you it was rock hard and seemed like it was honestly pulled from the fridge or something. When my meal arrived the bacon was missing, so I informed our waitress and she replies to me "oh did you want bacon?" to which I'm like HELL YES why would I have ordered a breakfast that comes with it if I didn't want it? She then brings me the cold/hard bacon and when the receipt comes she charged me $3.50 for a side of bacon. Seriously? It was supposed to come with the breakfast I ordered. She made me feel like I had done something wrong when she actually is a very lousy waitress. The potatoes I had were the only thing edible on the plate and even those aren't the same potatoes as they have had in the past. With this place not being consistent and having waitresses who can't do their job right, I'm going to  BabyStacks Cafe and Omelet House from now on for breakfast and will make the drive to Henderson to eat at Weiss.
5	Enjoyed a wonderful brunch yesterday.  White fish platter, smaller size. Comes with your choice of any of their 60,000 different bagels, cream cheese,lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced cucumber, pickle, green and black olives . Of course you know that a meal without dessert is like a day without sunshine. . We Enjoy 340 days of sunshine here in Las Vegas, so it's real difficult to to pick your favorite freshly baked slice of heaven here. The carrot cake, cheese cake, black forest cake,etc. are large enough to feed half of China.  My favorite is the tri-color cake, about a square inch and one and a half tall. They sell them individually or by the pound. One tops me off and provides enough sunshine for two days. Well worth the 30 min. drive for me.
3	Most of this review can be attributed to the pasteries.  The cheesecake is to die for!  As for the pastrami, I would say its just average.  Everytime I have ordered a bagel, it has been rock hard.  Coffee is nice and strong.  What really brings down the rating is the service.  The waiters just dont seem to care.  We have been seated at tables much too small for our party several times.  Any special orders or add ons never come with the meal, we always have to remind the server.  Avoid Sundays unless you want to wait for at least an hour.
2	I grew up L.A. in the 1960's so I know what a first-rate corned beef deli sandwich should taste like, and unfortunately I've been looking for  a sandwich like that for almost 40+ years.  So, I continued my quest to find a great deli by checking out Bagel Cafe.  I ordered a corned beef sandwich, side of cole slaw and a bear claw.  I had actually gone in there in search of a prune danish, as some site had indicated that Bagel Cafe has them.  On my visit this time, they didn't have any (although the guy at the counter says they do at times have them available).  So, here's my impression of the food.  The corned beef was visually pleasing and piled high and had that good garlicky smell that I associate with a good corned beef sandwich.  The meat was nice and thin as it should be.  The sandwich was big enough to split between two people, although it wasn't super gigantic.  But it was splittable, as it should be if you're on a budget and don't want to pay the high price for one of their sandwiches.  Anyway, as I proceeded to eat the sandwich, it seemed drier and drier to me.  It was nice and  tender....but dry.  For me, a first-class corned beef has to be just moist enough to not even need anything but the meat and the rye bread. (I never put mustard on my corned beef sandwiches).  The corned beef of my growing up years always had a moist, almost buttery feel in my mouth, and this one was lacking.  So, I can only rate the sandwich as "just okay" and nothing outstanding, although here in Vegas, there really isn't much around that can provide much in the way of a truly great deli.  The pickle was  awful.  It tasted like a cucumber. I rarely dislike a pickle but this one was not acceptable.  It had none of that tangy, kosher flavor and was just like eating a big cucumber! UGH!   So, thumbs down on the pickle.  The cole slaw was just okay...nothing to write home about.   And it was a very small serving, not enough for two people to split, which at these prices, everything should be a "large" size. The bear claw pastry was very large, so thumbs up on that.  It was good - filled with good quality almond paste and was certainly a step above a grocery store or icky mass produced bear claw.  I've had better and I've had worse bear claws, so I'd rate it as somewhat above average.Total bill:  $16.95   That's for one corned beef sandwich, a tiny side of slaw, a pickle and a large bear claw.  The only way to justify this price is that the most of  items were splittable between two people.  Otherwise, definitely not worth it.   They were VERY busy, so obviously it's a popular spot.  It is located in a professional building type of area where there are a number of doctors offices and other professionals who I guess have the $$ $ to blow on a sandwich.  The baked items looked nice, but I don't know if I'll be back to try out more.  A slice of cheesecake was $5..95.  It looked tempting but without the taste test, there's no way to know if their bakery items are worth it at this point.  Service was okay, as busy as they were, so I was satisfied enough with that. (this was a "to go" order so I can't comment on the regular sit down dining experience).  Maybe I'll be back to see if they have that elusive prune danish and it'll be my "go to" place for that, because I haven't been able  to find anywhere in Vegas that has a prune danish lol....but I can dream, right? Right!  The quest continues....
4	The bagels were pretty good. The yogurt parfait is probably the best I've ever had. Definitely worth driving if you're staying at the strip and don't want marginal overpriced food.
3	I love the bakery here, although service can be bad, only because they don't really have a good system to order. If you stand in line, and someone else happens to catch the attention of the worker, they'll cut you off and next thing you know, you're the sucker standing in line for 10 min without anyone helping you. Prices are expensive, but whatevs. Not like I come here often enough.
4	When I am craving good Jewish deli food, this is the place to go in the northwest of town. Fresh bagels with big selection of cream cheese flavors. Great matzo ball soup  too. Service is friendly. The place is busy especially if you planning to sit down vs take out. Pretty good for a Vegas eatery
4	Food:  My spinach and feta omelette was very good, no doubt; however, i would have really appreciated a bit more feta cheese either mixed into the eggs or smothered inside the folded omelette.  Very big portion omelette.  The spinach was very good as were my potatoes.  My jalapeno cheddar bagel was soft and tasted delicious with some plain cream cheese.  My wife elected to take the purist way:  Two eggs, bacon, and potatoes with a cinnamon bagel and apple cinnamon cream cheese spread (amazing!)Service:  Always lightning fast, friendly, and accurate.  The manager always has a smile on his face.  Drinks never run dry.Price:  Not too bad.
4	My wife and I try to come here once a week. They have great traditional food and amazing pastries. I love thier fresh made cream cheese with awesome flavors, however I usually end up getting the same thing every time. Everything bagel with real nova lox cream cheese. Ive also had the matzo ball soup which is very good.
4	I'd been to the Bagel Cafe before (for, what else, bagels), so I knew they were open for breakfast and lunch. But unlike most delis, they are also open for dinner, so I thought we'd give them a try for takeout. (I've never eaten in the restaurant, although seating is available.)Like most delis, they offer a huge menu of meats, fish, sandwiches, and pastries. And like most delis, they are pretty expensive. But you get a lot of food for the money, and they offer half portions of their sandwiches if you're not that hungry.My husband had the combo reuben (a full portion), which was equal parts corned beef and pastrami. Like most deli sandwiches, this was overstuffed with meat. And while the meat was tasty, the abundance of it threw off the ratio of the other ingredients, so you couldn't really taste the sauerkraut and cheese. That said, it was a pretty good sandwich (although I'm not sure if it was $14 good). The reuben was served with fries and a side of too-sweet macaroni salad, both of which were unnecessary and were basically uneaten.I wasn't as hungry, so I got a spinach knish and a quarter-pound of whitefish salad as a side. Together, this was under $8. The knish was fine; I've had their meat and potato knishes before and thought I'd try the spinach (the others are better). But the whitefish salad was great. It reminded me of the fish dip at Ted Peters Famous Smoked Fish in St. Petersburg, Florida, and I ate it as such: like a spread on crackers (which I had at the house). Not sure if you can eat it this way if you dine in, but I bet you could ask for some crackers and serve yourself up some tasty Vegas fish dip!Next time, I'll double up on the whitefish and skip the knish. In fact, I'm craving that whitefish now ... See you soon, Bagel Cafe!
1	I've been coming here for a couple years now and the food is really good.The staff is friendly very friendly(thank you guys!) But let me tell you about this "manager" jerry. He is a joke!!!, very rude and inconsiderate. This "man" has no respect or manners for his guests, honestly I will not be returning here if this p.o.s is still working here. Anna is amazing .. She should be running this show :)...
5	Ive been going here almost 10 years now. I just recently started bringing my boyfriend and it now our favorite breakfast spot.  He likes it a lot too.I love corned beef hash and they make one the best ive ever had.  I get that almost every time.  The other things i get are always also very good too. Their portions are huge and they almost always come with a bagel on the side which are also best in town.  They also have giant NY city style oversized sandwiches. So good!! The salads and soups are also very good too!They have that deli and bakery counter on your way in and out where they put out all their delicious oversized pastries. I mean cinnamon rolls, turnovers, cakes, and cookies that need to be picked up with two hands.  They make it impossible to leave without stopping by and picking up a pastry or two or three. ...or four...bottom.line.  This is a good place to eat.
4	Glad to have this wonderful deli in my neighborhood.  Not only great bagels but delicious pastries and meats.  The menu specials are always super and the early bird specials are one of the best bargains in town.  Can get noisy when crowded so I often opt of odd hours when the place is much quieter.  The soup and salad special, smoked fish, matza ball soup, breakfast egg dishes and various cream cheese and bagel options keep me coming back for more.  Don't confuse The Bagel Cafe at the Suncoast with the quality of food and service at the one on Buffalo.
4	It good. Good quality. Tasty. They try hard, but it's still not real NY DELI, but it's the best I can find in VegasPastry's are wonderful,  holiday meals are helpful, typical NY attitude from the help...
5	Amazing!!!Best bagels in Vegas... This place reminds me of the shops in NY. They are fresh, took notch quality and let me tell they don't scrimp on the shmear. Loads of spread enough to spread on another toasted bagel (which I've done before).Einstein's has good tasting bagels but they scrimp on the shmear and are more $$. For a great bagel this is the place.
5	If you want a great deli, this is the place.  Solid quality, solid service, everything is done right.  Whoever runs this place cares.
4	Bagel cafe is a great breakfast spot.  The service is a little slow sometimes but the food is always superb!  Awesome fruit cup, great bagels and the matzo ball soup can cure almost anything.
5	Great food and great service, have had the pleasure of meeting the owner who personally walks around and speaks with customers and he's a great guy! Just makes me want to come back again to support a small business for a hard working man!
5	In the interest of full disclosure, I have never been to New York, either state or city.  I have no idea what a "real New York Deli" is supposed to be.  (And from the conflicting opinions of the people on and off Yelp who attempt to describe one - including my darling wife, who lived outside of NYC for several years - I guess I'm not the only one who's confused.)  That being said, I'll fall back on the old saying that "I may not know art, but I know what I like," and continue.The food here is outstanding!  My wife, who was raised Jewish and, as I said, lived right outside NYC for several years and is experienced in New York delis, thinks her grandmother works in the kitchen making matzo ball soup.  I've never had a disappointing meal here.The pastries are ... well, addictive.  And did I mention huge?  The deli take-out counter is also fantastic, with imported-from-New-York specialties and lots of house-made goodies.The service is above-average, but sometimes a tad less-than-perfect due to the crowd size.  Nothing that would prevent us from coming back.The only real knock I have on this place is the seating.  My wife has had several back surgeries, and I have a bad knee-and-hip that makes regular chairs a frequent issue.  We can't always be provided a booth when we arrive, simply because there aren't all that many of them and they tend to go quickly.Other than that one little tick, you'll find the Orchid and I frequenting the Bagel Cafe often.  Good stuff, people.  Well done.
5	I was craving a honey wheat bagel with nova salmon spread all day.  Love the customer service and family atmosphere  thank you!
5	Awesome experience!  I have been to this place twice and both times it has exceeded my expectations.  The food and service are top notch.  I had the lox platter which was splendid.  I highly recommend!
5	Great spot for breakfast and lunch.  Service is always quick.   The pastrami is excellent, as are the bagels.  They are always fresh and taste like a traditional New York Bagel.  The bakery in the front of the restaurant also has great cookies and pastries.  They make an excellent Black and White cookie, in 2 sizes no less!
3	Nothing special about this place.  Bagelmania is much better.  Had the 1/4lb corned beef.  Beef was not well spiced,  bread was soggy.  Cole slaw was boring,  needed some seasoning. . Pickle was Decent. . Guys had bagels and cream cheese. . Nothing really great. . Won't be back
4	I'm so conflicted how to review the restaurant.  I really enjoy the food, but the service, or shall I say the wait times are excruciating.  Either it's very busy and you wait forever to sit or it's not crowded and you wait forever for service because it seems to be understaffed or at least disorganized.  The waitstaff bounce all over the place rather than having zones to better coordinate orders and expedite food delivery.  A simple order will still land you close to an hour there because it is under staffed.  If you have a lot of time on your hands, this is great, but don't go if you're in a hurry.  It just seems that no matter the crowd size, they seem discombobulated.  I do enjoy the food but if it were any less, I'd knock a star or two off and sadly have to go somewhere else.
4	As I am from NYC area, finding a good deli/bagel is a hard thing to come by.Bagel Cafe comes very close. The bagels are very good, they have the cookie bar that compares favorably to deli's back east, their Challa is excellent and makes fantastic french toast, and they have a vast variety of cream cheeses.The dining area is a great place to enjoy some good Matzoh Ball soup, however, it is a very busy soup with noodles and carrots drowning out the small matzoh ball. (A good Matzoh Ball soup should have the Matzoh Ball on display in the middle of the soup.)I was not impressed with the Corned Beef sandwich, nor did I think I would be having yet to find quality corned beef outside of NY or to a lesser extent, LA.What was disappointing is the photo on the menu appeared to be piled high but the sandwich I received had a much more pedestrian helping of Corned Beef, most likely due to the rising cost of meat.   The rye bread was cut too thick and overpowered the sandwich but was a tasty bread in and of itself.I do enjoy that they sell Dr. Brown's black cherry soda, Wise potato chips, and day old bagel chips and breads.  The deli meat counter however is often overpriced for the same boar's head meat you can get at the supermarket and the Lox prices are extremely high.  But go with a lox cream cheese which has large chunks of lox but is reasonably priced.
4	Great selection of authentic deli foods. Sat down today and service was less than stellar by our waitress. Perhaps will stick to take out and ordering from the deli in the future since I still love the food here. Cannot beat the best fresh bagels and cream cheese in town.
4	It's a busy place.  Get seated as soon as you can.  Love the newspaper style menu and the waitress was friendly, helpful since it was my first time there.  Lots of breakfast choices  depending on how hungry you are - servings are definitely huge you can probably share it with another!  Limited parking tho - it's located in a business center in a busy intersection. I only had fruit that morning mainly because I was still recovering from a tattoo session -  tho it was carb heaven with lots of bagel choices, egg omelette of every kind.  Next time you are up for a huge, satisfy the craving breakfast after a great workout or cheat meal that's the place to be!
4	This place is always packed and well worth the wait! I usually do a Saturday brunch here.i love all of their delicious bagels and their pastries are to die for. I love their carrot cake and they are very generous with the sizes.
5	Another wonderful experience at the Bagel Cafe. I'm not sure how 100% can be improved. Service is wonderful. But I would suggest avoiding the high traffic times. Week days after 1 pm is my go to time. This late lunch is enough to carry me through the rest of the day. I'm just too full to think about dinner. Las Vegas prices with New York quality.
5	This place has something for everyone. This is where you should go for breakfast whenever you are in Vegas.
1	Caveat Emptor...let the buyer beware! We have been going here for the last few years and have seen a steady decline in customer service. We come from Arizona and purchased a few gift cards, which they told us we couldn't use because their system was down. Sounds bogus and supposedly the gift card system will be back up on Tuesday 10/14? I wonder...how do they know that? It's fishy to me. Not to mention the so-called host Jerry started screaming at me. Just amazed that these places get too big for their britches. By the way the food is on the downturn too, unfortunately. Bottom line: take care of the customer! They seem to have forgotten that.
2	As usual there's about 6 ppl behind the counter & only myself & another customer yet I've been waiting for a solid ten minutes before the cashier tells me I need to get in a different line GET IT TOGETHER BAGEL CAFE
4	Mmmmmmm Bagel Cafe! On our weekend of adventures Jessie B and I stopped here. She'd never been and I've long loved Bagel Cafe. (They used to have a location in Henderson.) It was a Saturday and pretty busy, but we only had to wait like 5 minutes. Jessie and I looked over the menu. I knew that whatever I ordered I wanted a garlic bagel to be involved. Bagel Cafe's menu is huge and everything is tasty. After much back and forth I decided on the shrimp salad sandwich on a garlic bagel and a side of potato salad. Jessie choose the tuna salad on an everything bagel with a side of pasta salad. I also ordered an ice coffee! It was huge, but seriously watered down. I was so happy when our food came cause I was so hungry. My sandwich was piled high with huge shrimp, lettuce, tomato, and red onion. Yummy! It was heaven in my mouth. The shrimp melded so well with that soft garlic bagel. Tasty! It came with my favorite kind of pickle, the half done dill pickle! (Swoon) I didn't really care for their potato salad which I remember being good. I think I've been spoiled by Weiss's potato salad. Jessie also gobbled up her tuna sandwich. I was so glad she liked it. The service was good considering how busy it was. I love that their dining room is large and you can even just hit up the deli and take whatever you want home. I always love Bagel Cafe. The food is beyond wonderful. You may think the prices are a little high, but for the quality and portion size it's so, so worth it. If you've never been go now, right now!!
5	I found this gem today because for a craving for a chopped liver sandwich.  Its a little bit out of the way.  It took me around 20 minutes to drive there in traffic.  Well worth the trip.  It was a beautiful day.When I arrived I was taken by how bright and clean it is.  Checking the menu I was in heaven.  They even have kishka, and chicken soup.  I was met by two sweet young servers who took my order.  Of course I got my chopped liver sandwich with a side of potato salad.  The liver was great but I didn't care for the rye bread.  It wasn't dense enough for me, but still quite tasty.  I have only one other tiny complaint the pickle had almost taste.  I was told that I would have had to ask fore that spicier pickle.  My advice is to forget about the first no flavor pickle entirely.  I finished my meal with a cheese danish and coffee.  The coffee was excellent but the cheese danish was heavenly.  Just amazing.  And its huge.  So big I couldn't finish it.  I'll have it for breakfast before I check out for my trip home. Total tab including a huge freshly squeezed orange juice was around $20.  I  saddened that I discovered this place on the last day of my trip.  But I WILL return on my next time.
5	The crab cakes are the best I have ever had! This is a great place I highly suggest breakfast!
5	Enjoy a simple breakfast with good service? this is your place. This place has good service, good food and prices are fair. The bakery is full of wonderful delights and with up coming holidays, you might want to put in your special order, like strawberry rhubard pie!Today I had three scrabbled, bacon with country potatos and a rasian bagel with plain cream cheese. It' s plain. Simple and always works for me! They have a full menu and their sandwiches are excellent! Always a real treat to dine in here.
5	Had dinner here last night.  The Bagel Cafe is very clean and inviting.  The server was very good and accommodating.  I ordered the steak dinner with baked potato.  The dinner also came with a side salad, roasted vegetables and later coffee and dessert.  The steak was just as I ordered it, the side salad was a good size and excellent, not just lettuce, the best side salad I have had anywhere.  Baked potato was perfectly done, but my favorite part was the roasted vegetables of asparagus, Brussels sprouts, carrots and green beans.  I was so happy the vegetables were not the usual zucchini with other overcooked generic vegetables.  This is my new favorite place.  Delish!
5	Great breakfast place, I would recommend to come here early in the morning if it gets past 9 AM on a sunday or Saturday the place is packed. The bagel is the best in Las Vegas the prices are good based on the quality and quantity of the food being served. Make sure to come here HUNGRY otherwise you have to bring the food home. My daughter  gets her chicken fingers and the servings are enormous enough for an Adult Large Meal.  The service is good , although due to the amount of people the service degrades a bit which is completely understandable. If your looking for  A Simple breakfast with good quality and quantity this place would be it.
1	This place has always had tasty food but the service lately has just been worse than bad... I went to get 2 breakfast sandwiches and they messed up the order and put bacon instead of sausage. Oh well I got over it. The following day I went to try and get the correct sandwiches and they still messed up my order!! Didn't even put any meat on it this time. It's disappointing because I did like this cafe and I realize they are busy but both time were very simple orders...
3	I have been buying bagels for my office from The Bagel Cafe for 2 years now. Always the freshest bagels and smear. However, this past weekend decided to have breakfast there. My husband and I each ordered an omelet. His was a Salmon Omelet and mine was a Mushroom and cheese Omelet. The time it took to get our order placed and brought in was about 30mins and this was when they weren't very busy at all. The waitress was not very responsive and when the food finally arrived she brought me a Sausage and Cheese omelet and immediately walked away from the table as soon as I noticed the error. It took 5 minutes for her to return and she already knew the error because she picked up the plate before I even started explaining. Within 5 minutes she returned with the correct order and apologized. The food was average. Would I go there again for breakfast dine in? Nope. I think Denny's and IHOP got a better deal and better menu for that. Only thing I would highly recommend is there bagels, smear and pastries.
4	It's no secret that I love sweets.  I was kind of excited to hear that Carlo's (of Cake Boss fame) opened up at the Venetian but with all the bashing they've been getting on their reviews it went lower and lower on my to-do list. Oh well. If they're still there the next go around then it can't be that bad right?Anyhow I always wanted to try a chocolate babka. Blame it on Seinfeld. That episode left an indelible mark on me because I still think about it to this day. Let's face it, a babka is as foreign to me as a spam musubi would be to a New Yorker. And Bagel Cafe fits my needs perfectly because I'm not planning to go to New York anytime soon.So my visit to Bagel Cafe is strictly for their bakery/deli side. Those bagels looked pretty darn good. But I was on a mission to get my chocolate babka and thank goodness they still had some. I think I got the second to the last one. I also got a rainbow cookie and chocolate rugulah both sold by the pound. Chocolate Babka - A loaf of coffee cake filled with chocolate. That loaf must have weighed 3 pounds. I swear. It was heavy. I hand carried this back to Honolulu. I thought it would taste like Hawaiian sweet bread. But nope.  It's a very dense bread that has a wisp of sweetness to it. I gave some away to share and had a nice french toast breakfast with the leftovers.Rainbow Cookie - So pretty. Layers of almond extract soaked sponge cake layered between chocolate ganache. So, so good. Moist and very sweet. Wish I bought two or three. Chocolate Rugulah - This chocoholic had to get it. It was delicious. Not overly sweet. Wish I bought two or three.I can finally lay my babka fascination to rest. I would love to go back again. Maybe try their restaurant side which looks kinda casual and quaint. TIP: When looking for this place, they are facing N. Buffalo so it's pretty hard to miss. You will see their big signage on their building that kind of look like townhouses.
2	Boyfriend had corned beef sandwich with potato salad. $13. I had corned beef hash with eggs and a bagel. $12. Ginormous cinnamon roll. $3. Hair boyfriend found in rye bread .... Free. After boyfriend found a long hair inside the bread I lost my appetite. He didn't let me say anything but it was so disgusting. Needless to say I was disappointed.
1	This place was absolutely awful, and really a joke of a business. Cannot believe a place like this is even still open or that anyone would spend their money there. Me and me wife ordered their lox sandwich. They put one slice of lox on it, wow, one slice for an $11 lox sandwich. On top of that they got our order wrong and put a ton of onions on one when we said no onions. Their cream cheese is awful. The fat free Philly cream cheese taste better. The bagel was average, at best.Also got a side of bacon. I was surprised there was any left since it had been cooked so much. I don't mind bacon being crispy, but this was beyond that.We are new to Vegas, and this place was disappointing to say the least. This place is overpriced, shady, and about the most below average place I've ever eaten in my entire life. Will never be going here again.
4	Don't even like breakfest food there homemade breakfest potatoes are the best don't even get pancakes just get a pastry there amazing and baked fresh! So yummmmy love it! The yelp photos of the food look gross but trust me from the bagel to the pay check its amazing and cheap lol .......... Since last time I went we got hot water came up too 6 dallors for two who charges for hot water and the lady never tells us anything loses a star for that not cool. Your suppose to tell us this. Cause nobody else charges for free hot water !!!!!!
4	Place smells good I reccomend the snickers coffee drink it's like a frappuccino. Had the corn hash it was mediocre.
3	Went there this morning for breakfast. Both the Lox and bagel were delicious but they were very chinsey on lox. Had to order a side of lox where we were given a slice and a quarter for $7. Silly no point!  Should give enough to cover two pieces of a bagel no one makes a sammy. Thanks
4	Chocolate babka, chocolate rugelach, and black&white cookie...my favorites from this place!Upon first walking in, you're greeted with display cases of bagels, cream cheeses, and the best part in my eyes, sweets! If you're in a rush and don't want to dine-in, someone will take your order around that area and they'll bring it over to the cash register. Otherwise, if you'd like to sit in, to your left will be the dining area. What I've ordered:-Lox and bagel platter: was told the sandwich and the platter were the same price. You have your choice of bagel and cream cheese; otherwise, you'll get plain cream cheese. Tried the everything bagel and onion bagel. Get the everything bagel.-Matzo ball soup: I've never had it before but it definitely tastes comforting and homemade. You get chicken shreds, noodles, veggies, and a matzah ball. It also comes with your choice of bagel. Got the onion with this order. -Rainbow cookie: very sweet and moist. Not a big fan of rainbow cookies but you definitely can taste the almond flavor and raspberry filling.-BABKA! Get it. They have 3 flavors and they're huge. Came home cradling it like it was a baby.  I got the chocolate. I'd describe it as a chocolate cinnamon roll made into a loaf with a doughy center and chocolate covering. Perfect with coffee. Waitress told us she makes them into french toast. Something I'm going to have to try next time because it was annihilated in 2 days. Not sure how often they make it or how popular this item is but I got the last one on display at 730a and they open at 630a.-Chocolate rugelach: if you like chocolate, get it. They're like mini chocolate strudels/crossaints. Also available in sugar free chocolate and other flavors like raspberry and apple cinnamon.-Black&white cookie: 2 sizes, small and large. Just go for the large. Overall, I like this place. Reminds me of a NY bagel cafe. Price is reasonable and service is friendly and welcoming. I plan to come back to try the rest of their sweets and the other flavors of babka. Needless to say, I enjoy this place and recommend it to those looking for a simple breakfast and some desserts.
5	Super yummy bakery!!
4	This has become a favorite of mine while living here. I have recommended it as on off strip stop for friends as well. They have loved it. The inside reminds me of being in New York at times due to the amount of people inside. The wall of bagels and tubs of smear are overwhelming. You name it, they have it. I'm so in love with the Nova it's not even funny.  They have a very extensive bakery case. I can't even explain the yumminess! Tarts, cookies, cakes, cinnamon rolls. Oh my. The deli options are amazing as well. I have not eaten at the restaurant but the menu looks appetizing and the place is always full!!
1	I'm done with this place. I've been here before several times and many times when I have guest visit me, I'll take them here or recommend people here. Today I arrived with family who are visiting us and decided to grab a bite to eat. It was 4:40pm and as we arrived, this  man (later found out is a manager) approached us and with a stern voice told us " you have 5 min to order because the kitchen will close ". What kind of crap is that?! He was practically telling us to turn around and leave. Ive worked I this industry for many years and understand that the staff wants to go home, but you still should accommodate guests as best as you can. I've had way better customer service the times I've been here before. This town is growing, as far as places to eat. I'm taking my business elsewhere and will not recommend this place again. Like I said, many other places to go and eat.
3	This is for the bagels only. Bagels are good; better than the average decent bagel in the world. The crunch of the exterior is just snappy enough, and the insides have the proper cushiony bounce without tasting fake. The few flavors I tried all worked: The plain (duh), the egg (yes), and the spinach feta (thought, what the H -- turned out great.)It's been years since I've actually eaten here, so I can't speak to current strengths/weaknesses of the dining experience.The bagels, however, are good, if a bit pricey. You'd do better to get a Dozen (which really means 14) than just a handful. But get what you need - it'll be worth it.
1	The food was mediocre, however the manager and counterman were extremely rude. We ate dinner and wanted to buy a chicken soup to go. We ordered it from the counterman and as I don't like vegetables I asked him if he could do his best to not get too many in my order. He rudely told me he could not do that. We said that our waitress had done a great job of that. The manager than rudely ran over yelling that the waitress could be fired for that and we should never ask again. I did not realize what a crime it was to ask them to go light on the veggies. Then when we were paying the bill (the manager is also the cashier) he told me that this was the owners wishes. I said the owner was an idiot for not trying to please his customers and the battle escalated from that. There are many restaurants competing for my $ in vegas, there is no need to go where you are treated rudely.
2	We love this place, we travel from Green Valley to eat here, however Today the moron doing the cooking really  blow it today!I really like the homemade corn beef hash and I like my eggs over easy, I made point tell the server how over easy I wanted my eggs.  The server still delivered the over cooked eggs.  At the same time my wife order the Cinnamon Waffle and it was cold and it fell apart when she cut into.    The server did make it right however I eat my while my wife watched me eat and then I watch my wife eat.  We did enjoy our meal together!Server needs to stand up to the cook and let them know the food is wrong before they deliver poor quality food to the customers.Huge disappointment today!
5	My absolute favorite breakfast, and lunch place here in Vegas. Not only can you get a hot Turkey Reuben, but you can get a bowl of Matzo ball soup along with it. Heaven! They have a full Deli and Bakery in there as well, everything is made in store.  Don't forget to grab bagels, freshly made cream cheese, and desserts on your way out! P.s. black & white cookies are my childhood favorite, and they do them of so well.
4	Had breakfast here this AM and it was very crowded. Never had a bad meal in this place. A little pricey but all good delis are.Bagels are made correctly, boiled and baked. Great assortment of flavored cream cheese and s bakery to die  we will be going back often when I get a craving for a good, big bagel
1	Wow!!!!!!What's going on at the counter???Crazy music and guys cursing each other in Spanish? I speak Spanish and I don't appreciate this.Please fix or we will stop coming in, we love this place for over 10 years but this will not make me want to comeback.
3	We went to the bagel cafe to get some bagels and also some pastrami to make sandwiches at home.     I ordered a pound of pastrami which was over $16 and asked to see what it looked like, and it looked fine.  However, when we got it home it was dried out a bit and very, very lean that it tasted like corned beef instead.   I warmed it up and it was totally dry.    It had no fat on it which maybe might be good, but this had no taste at all.  Very disappointed in the pastrami.  If it doesn't have any fat in it, it is tasteless.  I will not buy this again.  Bagels, yes, pastrami, NO!  Sorry!  Bought some sable fish also, which was good,but $50 a lb???? wow! ( only bought a few slices and  it was over $15)
1	Something has changed at the Bagel Cafe and it is not good!All new faces jerry the manager and most of the old staff is gone Waited 45mins to get seated when they had empty tables Owner walks around in a daze doesn't know what's going on Maybe time to retire Got seated and waited another 10 mins b-4 any one came by Won't be coming back here any time soon Use to be a great place sorry to see it go down like this Time to fine a new deli
5	I love bagel cafe, their pastries are incredible and the dining room is inviting along with the service is friendly. All their menu dishes are very generous portions, I do recommend to all the locals. Hands down!!
5	I can honestly say I'll always  be a customer. There so amazing. They had me feeling like a kid in a candy shop. It's a definite must try if u haven't.
4	I do have to say this is the best you can get in Vegas for a Jewish deli. You can go to to the counter to take your food to go and there is never a lack of workers. You can order off the regular menu and it is nice because you can see all the sides up close to see which ones you want if you get a sandwich. Great selection of cream cheese spreads (lox being my favorite). Bagels are cooked perfectly and the perfect amount of chewy! It is so hard for me to get the perfect bagel after being spoiled growing up eating good bagels from LA. This bagel is a match to what I grew up with. They also have really friendly service although a bit rushed. I appreciate the sugar free rugelach and the large cookie and sweets selection. I do love the chocolate rugelach the most. Not too sweet. I think their corned beef is really good unlike other places in town that it is dry. It's not cheap though. Overall I think the prices are above what they should be, but it's one of those places I would pay for good food every once in a while.
4	Great locals place for breakfast or lunch . Delicious matzo soup // and crazily their fruit salads are the best in town
2	Let me start by saying I love this place! Why 2 stars? Because the people who answer the phone are as dumb as dumb and rude as rude can be! It cost you you a catering order today! Wasn't just one it was 2 different people 2 separate calls!
4	The Bagel Cafe has a great pastrami sandwich. Possibly the best meat at any deli I've ever been to. I won't elaborate as The Bagel Cafe reputation is already quite strong. It's a NV treat and highly recommended at any hour.
5	Best. Jewish. Deli. Ever. I will not get rugalah anywhere else. Every time I'm in town I make a point to stop here. Everything I've tried is so fresh. Would recommend the corned beef and hash with eggs (breakfast), shrimp salad sandwich, and bagel with the nova spread. The owner, Sarvas, really knows how to build that customer relationship. Will always come here as long as this place exists!
5	No better breakfast spot in vegas hands down. The bagels are the best in town. The cabbage soup on Mondays is the real deal. The sandwhichs are stacked and will not leave you disappointed. Service is good for the most part. Last but not least their deserts are absolutely deadly.
2	We usually come here about twice a month. Tonight was just weird.  Just finished dinner at the Bagel Cafe. Not sure we will be back. First, the place was empty at 4:15 PM. Next, no one spoke understandable English. Our server was floundering with the language and three items we requested, they were " out of". Server had to actually check to see if they had corned beef & cabbage available. Desert is included with the dinner and is limited to just two items. One is the crumb cake. Server told us they were "out of" crumb cake and we would have to settle for the second choice. When we went to pay at the register, the wife saw 4 pieces of crumb cake in the display case. We asked to swap our desert for the crumb cake and the guy at the register said something unintelligible  in a heavy Hispanic accent and gave us just one then told us he cut it in half, otherwise we would have gotten a larger piece. WHAT?? I'm still shaking my head over that one!So now, this NY Deli has all Hispanic staff.  Cooks are Hispanic, as well as waiters and register attendant. Does this now qualify as  Mexican restaurant?
5	The bagel cafe is one of our favorites!  Everyone is friendly, the food is fantastic, and the service is great. We especially love Anna, as she is attentive and incredibly sweet.
5	Review is for deli: Love this place! When we want a quick and light breakfast we go to the deli and order a couple bagels with cream cheese,  the scallion cream cheese has huge pieces of real scallion in it.  They have a good variety of bagels, I usually get an asiago or cheddar jalepeno bagel.   I also picked up at least 2 items from the pastry side also.   At least 2 pieces of the rainbow cookie ( which is more of cake bites than cookie) and either rice pudding,  black & white cookie or maybe a roll.   When you order these to go, the LG cookie and Cinnamon roll is big enough to fill a lg take out container.  They are huge! Tip:  Know what want to order by the time it's your turn, this is a busy and fast paced deli so do your research and look at a menu because it can get a little overwhelming if it's your first trip.
5	Great New York deli style food with amazing foods and dessert. Large portions and good value. Staff and management are super friendly and nice. Highly recommend for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
4	This place gets crowded. Waited 20 min for a table at 12:30pm during the lunch rush. it clears out after 1:30pm, no waiting after the lunch rush. The portions are HUGE here with the typical Deli style sandwiches and bagels.  The bakery has great items too.
4	I love this place. Nothing is more effective than the lox and bagels here for making me nostalgic about my childhood. The food, the service, the unlimited coffee refills, the 14 bagel baker's dozen...I could go on...basically, this place is popular and that popularity stems from being great at everything they do!
