4	It's so nice to have a pool supply place near the house. Especially one that's not Leslies. Not that I have anything against Leslies. It just felt as if I had little choice, with one on every corner.So far, I've only gone to Northwest Pool and Spa for a few basic supplies, primarily, liquid chlorine. They carry a brand called HASA. I've never heard of it before. But now I recognize their yellow crates in the back of pool maintenance pick up trucks all over town.You buy a crate of 4 gallons, and then bring them back for a refill for about $13.00. That's a pretty good deal, and kind of enviro -- if it weren't for the fact that it's chlorine you're buying.
4	Have been doing business with this company for 20 years and have remained faithful during all their moves to different addresses.  My husband installed an inground spa and Steve came out to give him advice.  I bellieved he also drilled the holes for the plumbing.  The only negative thing I can say that their service calls are now the highest for the area and unfortunately I can no longer call them for service.  I still go there for my purchases of chemicals, etc.  The owners Bonnie and Steve and very knowledgeable and quite helpful.
5	We had heard about them through a friend, and after diner out Thursday night we drove by B&L Pool Supplies and they were closed. The gentleman i spoke to was walking around inside and waived, pointed to his watch, shrugged his shoulders and walked into the dark of the back of the store. With that we called NorthWest Pool Supplies the next day and woman who answered the phone answered all my questions pleasantly and discovered that there prices were LOWER and bad a better selection with many choices.Very knowledgeable on all types of pools and pool needs. Puts the Hillbillies at B&L pools to shame. we have seen the light and will drive 5 miles when B&L is less than 200 yards across 43rd Ave.Convert for Life,
5	It's not the most organized space inside the store but don't let that upset you- the service I got here was outstanding. I did not grow up with a pool in my backyard but for the past two summers I've lived with a 10 foot deep diving pool that gives me fits. It gets yellow algae growth the moment I turn my back on it for 24 hours, the chlorine levels and pH are never steady and I should probably hire a pool service company but I like a challenge. Storms with wind and rain and me working overtime a few days in a row = a very green pool and I knew I had to do something to make it pay for its insolence. The other pool supply stores seem more about selling you their products than really solving your issues but that wasn't how I felt at Northwest. I explained the deal with my green pool and I was prescribed Coppercide and 8 gallons of liquid chlorine. HASA Coppercide is only $20 a bottle which beats buying two cans of Yellow Gone at WalMart for $25 (which never kills ALL of the algae anyhow), and that bottle + the chlorine annihilated the algae in my pool. Instead of $5 bags of shock, I'm going with the liquid chlorine from now on. Much cheaper and more effective and advised by the person who stood to profit the most from "selling" me something more than I needed- the owner's wife.The HASA products seem to work better in general and I haven't really seen them on the shelves at other local stores.
2	We have been there four or five times. We have a Hayward ultra pool vacuum that needed worn parts replaced. The guys are not very friendly and they forgot to put one of the parts back in, so we returned the following day and they "fixed" it again. They did not apologize for the inconvenience. Disappointed and won't go back.
