5	I LOVE this bar & grill! The happy hour is great..really cheap beers and mixed drinks! Their wings are amazing...best I've had in a while! It's kinda hidden behind the pro shop at Great Eagle Golf Club. The cheap drinks and awesome food is worth giving it a try!
1	Don't even think about it - stopped in for lunch and their menu seemed to highlight their burgers so I dove in - ordered medium rare and 20 minutes later got an inedible burnt excuse for a burger. Not well done - burnt to a crisp. It could have passes for bacon.  Requested mayonnaise and ketchup and got the ketchup - even that wasn't enough to return a little moisture to this offering.Service? Not here.  Not busy, but totally ignored customers other than ?regulars?.  If they want to be private they should advertise that way.  Unfortunately wont be back- but they will never know cos they never asked!Wife ordered a Ruben but not delivered as described - she's not returning either
5	Great service, great food and good place to meet new friends and relax...
5	Great food!  Burgers are unbelievable, chef salad the best ever!  Wings with Mexican adobo beer sauce are a must have. Best of all --- beer is cheap!
5	Love this place great Burgers, Awesome wings and NFL package what else could you ask for besides Beer they got that too!!!!!!!!!!
5	Jo and Heather are the best bartenders in the house!!!!
5	Had the bacon/cheddar burger and thought it was amazing. Cooked exactly the way I wanted. This is a huge burger too. This place has the best prices around. Can't beat their happy hour or daily specials anywhere in town.
1	Went here for dinner   - got there at 5:45 to get a burger and relax with friends.  They tell us the grill is already shut down for the night.  We point out the grill doesn't close until 6pm - and it's only 5:45.  Waitress agrees it is only 5:45 pm but they shut the grill down early.  This was the second time -- that they closed the grill early.  So if you looking for dinner out - better get here REAL EARLY.
