5	Ok...I am a little biased.  This is the first place that I ever had my hair cut (other than mom) and that was in 1970.The owner of the shop (Brew), is normally the one that cuts my hair.  I am in the military (part time) and he is one of the few barbers that knows how to do a REAL flat top and shave the sides and back.  Blends it in perfectly.  As long as I am in Charlotte and he is not retired, I will be back to this shop.It is an Old School shop, about 5 chairs and at least 3 barbers on duty at any given time.  If you grew up in the area, your are bound to run into someone you know.  Highly recommended!
5	I've been going to this shop for about four years. Michael Day cuts my hair. He's a younger guy and understands how to cut the style you like. This is the best barber shop for the money in Charlotte. Kim does a good job, so does Brew. They stay open until 6 and are near the Home Depot on South Blvd just south of Woodlawn Road.
5	I stopped in here because of the reviews I read online about this barber shop and I wasn't disappointed.  This is an old school barber shop.  I went on a Saturday and there was one barber on duty, but she did an outstanding job.  She was very pleasant, friendly, and efficient.  She even finished my cut by shaving my neck with a straight razor.  That is the type of old school barber shop I like.   I would highly recommend them if you want a good haircut for a reasonable price ($14 for a cut).
3	I stopped in on a Saturday and although it was pretty busy, I did not have to wait too long because they had 3 or 4 barbers working. One of the female barbers cut my hair, and while the cut did not look bad, it was not really what I had asked for. So, I was a little disappointed in what I got, but the price is good, the barbers are friendly, and the place is well-run.
5	You can't beat the value, and quality of a haircut from Dat at Brewington's Barber Shop. It's next to the Home Depot at the corner of South Blvd and Woodlawn. Nice people, only $13, and the cut is so much better than elsewhere. Give it a try. Brew does a great job also and is the former owner who works there.
5	I'm from Seattle but in Charlotte for 5 weeks.  Needing a haircut, I consulted yelp and found Brewington's.  It reminds me of my favorite barber back home.  Quick, great cut, welcoming and a good value.  5 stars!!
5	Have been coming here for almost 2 years. When I moved to charlotte, I went through several barber shops and was always disappointed, but I found this place on yelp and have never gone anywhere else. I have only had my hair cut by Dat (off Monday) and he is awesome, great fade, great cut every time.   If your searching for a barber who will cut your hair however you want, try this place and let Dat cut your hair (name plates on mirror). After living in LA it's hard to find a place that really does a good job, but Dat is spot on.Notes:Cash onlyDat is off Monday
5	First time I had ever been to a conventional barber shop. Chatted it up really good with the guy who was working there. Gave me one of the quickest haircuts I have ever had and still had time to shave my neck with a straight razor. It was cash only but way worth it. I recommend this spot to anyone. I will be sure and come back the next time I am in Charlotte and need a haircut.
