1	This small and new hotel is located across from several busy late night bars and restaurants. IT IS TOO LOUD SO DON'T EXPECT A GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP.  AIR CONDITIONING DOESN'T WORK IN SUITES.  MANAGEMENT WAS RUDE (told me I could check out if I dont like the noise and bad air, though it was 11:30 pm when I discovered these problems -ARE YOU KIDDING?!!) . Anyway , obviously off to a crappy start when the hotel like this should be bending over backwards to attract new clientele.  At this rate, it will be closed quickly as it opened and it will be a blessing. In short, don't stay here unless you have no other option apart from hitting yourself over the head with a mallet.
5	Fantastic hotel!  Free WiFi in the rooms and free printing in thebusiness center.  The free breakfast in the morning was delicious--2 hot breakfast sandwiches available each morning (e.g., bacon, egg and cheese biscuit).  Breakfast also had lots of fresh fruit and yogurt.Room was spotless and huge.  As someone traveling from DC, the room was almost the size of my apartment at home.  Perhaps the highlight of this hotel is the ultra friendly and helpful staff--what a treat.  Stay here if you're visiting Champaign!
5	Awesome hotel, perfect location, able to walk to lots of businesses and the amtrak station
5	Great hotel!!! Centrally located! There are two bars across the street but it is a downtown hotel so why would someone expect it to be quiet? Ever been to NYC?! I love the location and that it's close to everything. Nice rooms and a very friendly staff! Free wi-if and coffee in the rooms equals two more pluses! Great hotel in Champaign and well worth it!!Ps: the AC worked more than fine ;-)
5	I really really like this hotel. Staff are extremely friendly. Hotel is very clean and well kept. I do realize that it is a very new hotel. But I have seen poorly run hotels go to $--t after a few months of opening. Location is great. Lots of really good places to eat and drink. 24/7 snacks drinks and deserts available in the lobby. They also have their own little bar!The free breakfast is the best I've ever had... seriously. And the gentleman running the breakfast service is wonderful and very attentive. Parking is only around eight dollars a night. And the same elevator takes you from garage to your hotel floor, very convenient. Watch out for the tile in the bathroom when stepping out of the shower. It is very slick under your feet. Really easy to bust your bum. Save yourself and step onto a towel!
