1	I saw they opened a new Roberto's in a new strip mall near me on the southwest corner or Boulder Hwy and Russel Rd. Not sure of the exact address.I have seen Roberto's elsewhere in the valley so I decided to give them a try. I've tried this place twice now and both times the food has been barely edible.First time I visited I got the beef taco platter. First thing I disliked is they use shredded beef instead of ground beef. The beef was very tough and stringy. It took forever to chew and eventually swallow. It's like they took the cheapest beef cut available and boiled the hell out of it. The juices coming from it were watery and bland. The refried beans were loose and runny. The only decent part of the meal was the Spanish rice which was OK.Yesterday I decided to give them a second try figuring maybe I just ordered the wrong thing last time. This time I decided to order chicken instead of the beef. I got the taco and enchilada platter.I cut into the enchilada and forked out a big chunk of chicken which looked OK, so I popped it in my mouth and it was like trying to chew a wad of wet newspaper. I have no idea how they cooked this chicken to get it to this texture and complete lack of taste. I never had tough stringy white meat chicken before. I was literally picking the chicken fibers out of my teeth for a half hour afterward.I gave it my best shot- 2 times just out of fairness, but I won't be eating here again. This was just bad!I see other Roberto's get great reviews and I hear they are franchise operations with different owners and menus sometimes, so maybe this restaurant isn't like the others- let's hope.
1	This place is horrible. I can take a little bad service but the food sucks. Can't see how this place is still open. I rather go to Taco Bell across the street instead. Lol That's pretty bad.
3	No explanation needed! You either like this joint or you don't!
4	This place has often steered me away from the junk food clutter you find along Boulder Highway. Roberto's Carne Asada Burrito can't be beat from around 5 bucks. Three rolled Taco with Guacamole are another favorite. If you really want to chow down plates with Spanish Rice and beans are available. Not overly greasy and very tasty. The drive thru window has been a daily drive now for months. I notice if you go to the same guy at the drive thru, put tips in his jar your Burrito tends to gets larger. If you don't tip they forget to give you salsa. Ready for the secret, Wednesdays the Chicken Tacos are 99 cents.
2	I'm not going to lie.  Roberto's shrimp burritos is a surefire antidote to tummy-grumbling and really hits the spot (especially when it's lunch time at work and a Mexican food fix is in order).  But, to actually get one here is a hard to accomplish feat.   I have tried a few times to stop by here on my lunch break from work for my burrito fix but it usually never ends well.  Being that I am on a 30-minute break schedule, I always call ahead to order my food so I can just swoop, pick it up, and get back to work on time.  I've done this call-and-order thing four times and out of these four times, they have never had my order ready when I get there.  The last time I just gave up and went to Subway instead because it was faster to get a sub than waiting for them to make a burrito.  Nice people, good food, but they can never get the timing right.
2	I've been to the Roberto's on Fort Apache near West Tropicana and it was great...this one however, needs some improvement. The dining area is clean, the drive thru is great, but the communication gap when ordering is aggravating. Everything seems perfect, until you open your food and find out that the chicken you ordered is actually steak which you don't eat. Or your sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast burrito is actually carne asada, which you don't eat. Every single time I have gone to this one, if I order anything besides cheese enchiladas, the order is messed up. My bf orders carne asada fries every time, no pico de gallo, no guac...every time it has one of the two or both, or it's missing something else that he actually did want. It's the strangest thing. It sucks that the place is so damn convenient for us, but we now utilize the one on Pecos and Sunset, or Sunset Road in the Smith's plaza.
4	I hear a lot of complaints about Roberto's but I don't see why! I think as far as fast food taco shops go... this place is great! I really have no complaints about this place other than I've had better salsa. Oh, and any place that serves tongue is tops in my book! yummmm!!!
3	Came back here recently and it is getting better.  The cashier was super nice and accommodating on more than one occasion and they finally got the order right!  But, the lines are pretty long and it takes a long time to get some grub here.  The green sauce tasted kind of weird the first time I started coming around and it still hasn't changed.  Plus side is that this location has a soda/juice fountain unlike the one by my house.
4	What's up with the bad star rate here ... The food is decent and the service was good.
5	Food was good and place was clean.
1	First time in today. And the service was not all that great and I have a high tolerance for that I used to work in the food biz so I know what it's like to be on the other side of the intercom. Me and my girl friend are native to California with a strong Hispanic background. When we ordered we asked for no pico de gallo and when pulling up at the window made sure one more time because my girl friend is allergic to onions, and still the torta had it. For all you Non Hispanics with a taste for Mexican food don't be fooled this place stinks. And the only reason I'm saying that is because if we didn't pay attention to our bag of food we would have been missing some items. This place is just not worth it! This is not Mexican food i would rather go to taco bell this not authentic.
3	24 hrs drive thru.Taco shell was crispy and tasty, but chicken inside wasn't. Although the chicken was tender.  Tamale was a la carte, with enchilada sauce and cheese, no husk, served in a long Styrofoam container, placed in the bag and given through the window sideways so the sauce basically coated the whole bottom of the paper bag. the mais of it was good, and so was the sauce, but the meat inside was only a very small amount. you get what you paid for.  The guy at the window was polite and was easy to talk to.
3	open 24/7 dine in and drive thru. bunch of locations everywhere and always great food for those drunken nights lol. it may not be the best mexican food but for the convenience and affordable prices. it'll satisfy your cravings for mexican food anytime of day.
