2	Seriously? Ruuudddde! Gawd, who stands outside of their store (which was empty by the way) to tell people who park by the store that they need to move their car?? There's no assigned parking spots  but apparently this guy thinks he's the parking police. Cigars make great gifts for men, but I'm going to Cigar-king when it's time to do my Christmas shopping-sheesh.
5	Love love LOVE this place.Jimmy is always fast with a greeting and happy to answer any questions you have about cigars or the accessories.Customer service is #1 at Scottsdale Cigars and it is the only place I go for cigars.  I travel the world for a living but at the end of the day, I buy my smokes right here.
5	Sorry Nydia, I know you had a bad experience, but it is not representative of the experiences I have had at Scottsdale Cigars. Jimmy is a warm and freindly owner. He gets to know his customers and gives me various cigars to try, on a regular basis. I go out of my way to go to his shop knowing that I am supporting a local small business and a businessman who works there every day and goes out of his way to make sure his customers are happy.Oh, and did I mention that they carry most all brands of cigars in a good-sized well humidified walk-in humidor?
4	Honestly this guy runs a good business with happy customers. I had called around to multiple cigar shops asking about a gift for my father for Father's Day and surprisingly he was the only owner that answered the phone! He was very friendly, helpful, and informative about the product I was interested in buying. He is also very accommodating to your needs, which is one thing small business owners neglect to remember as a key point in creating raving fans. I would recommend this shop to anyone in the area that respects a peaceful place to puff on a cigar or to just find a new place to get their cigars from.
5	Today I had an awesome cigar buying experience, and it was entirely due to the very helpful and knowledgeable staff here. Jimmy was incredibly helpful and friendly. The facility is clean and the cigars are well organized and kept.I would highly recommend Scottsdale Cigars. Me and my friend were looking to buy a couple of cigars to celebrate his move to Arizona. As a person new to nicer cigars, I had almost no idea what I was going to buy. However after explaining to Jimmy our lack of knowledge he to was incredibly nice and helpful in explaining which cigars I would like the best and why. I was totally happy with my decision to start my cigar search at Scottsdale Cigars because it was without a doubt the only place I needed to go.
5	I brought in a lighter that I did not purchase from their shop. Jimmy was more than happy to help me figure out how to light it and work it. Very nice highly recommended.
5	Jimmy always takes care of with me without fail. I used to buy online so save a few bucks, but there is not replacement for the service you get at scottsdale cigars. Jimmy gets to know his customers and makes great recommendations. Service is too notch, I'll never buy a cigar elsewhere!!!
5	I'm new to having my own set up. Jimmy helped me without missing a beat. He had me in and out in about 30 min with a nice humidor and a set up of cigars. Very knowledgable and he was there to help the customers. Also very military friendly. Once he found out I was in the marine corps he thanked me for my service and told me about how he sends cigars to the boys in afghan. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	This place has a great selection of cigars. I came in originally looking for a Mi Amor Reserva made by Ashton however after talking to Jimmy he recommended to me one of his favorite sticks Tatuaje (Tattoo in spanish). This boutique cigar was very good. A nice kick in the beginning and then smooths out over the course of smoking the stick. Thanks Jimmy for the recommendation. I will definitely add this to my favorites.I highly recommend this cigar spot. Jimmy is very knowledgeable and can recommend great smokes. The lounge area is very nice and comfortable and the place is very clean. You will love the selection.
5	Jimmy is outstanding. Really takes the time to find out what you like in a cigar. His insight takes away the hype of the main stream sticks and points you to the tastes and strengths that makes a satisfying choice. Whenever I'm in Scottsdale, I gotta go see Jimmy. Great selection.
