4	Maybe not the best or most authentic gelato out there, but a much-needed option to Cold Stone on this side of town. Gelato Premio serves 24 flavors, inlcuding typical fruit and chocolate-based choices. The staff and the restaurant are cheerful and family-friendly. I recommend trying the Bacio, based on the popular Italian candy, or Chocolate Hazlenut. Yum!
3	Gelato Primo is good. Its a run of the mill Gelato joint with decent options. The employees are always nice and pleasant. Whenever we feel like gelato we go here cause Its close and I can't stomach Cold Stone any longer. The end.
4	Gelato Premio issa good gelato.  Issa no primo gelato but issa good.  Ima think Gelato Premio issa maybe a secondo gelato ina da valley.Ima prefera da Angel a Sweet a Gelato inna Chandler onna da Dobson a road.But Gelato Premio issa also good issa just after da odder one ima just tell you.Ok?  You go Gelato Premio a you a gonna like it issa good.
4	What is up with the flag placement on all of the shops at the crossroads town center? None of them are where they should be... anywhoI went here with my wife the other night after a particularly disappointing trip to a sushi restaurant and we were really surprised. I know this place has been here for years, and I've never actually stopped by. I don't usually do ice cream on the town, I'm more of a grab a pint to go and eat it while watching a movie kind of guy. But my wife wanted to try it and I've never had gelato before so I figured, why not?We stopped in and looked at the all the flavors they have and I was in awe. They had a ton of flavors. Almost all of them looked delicious . Some of them had Italian names so I have no idea what they were, maybe I'll try one next time when I'm feeling more adventurous. I tried the pistachio as well as the amaretto and my wife got the grasshopper and the almond joy. All four of the flavors were great. Nice and smooth on the tongue with a good flavor. The armeretto was a bit weak tasting, but still pretty decent. I've never had armeretto flavored ice cream before and I can imagine it's not something you would want to be very strong anyway. My only gripe is that the servings are a bit small, but luckily, they fool your body into thinking you're eating more because they give you a miniature spoon to go with your small servings... so it takes you forever to eat it! lol I guess the shop is under new management and they took away the option to do mix-ins a la coldstone. That's to bad, because i would've really like a mix in, so that's why i'm taking away a star. It's not all bad news though, i was told they're removing the slab they used to use for mix ins and are putting in another fridge so they can add more flavors. I look forward to trying them out when they've upgraded.
4	Really good Gelato.  It isn't quite as good as the g-spot, but still pretty good for Gilbert.  I always like a good mineral water with my gelato, but they didn't have any Acqua Pazza which I think is the best bottled water out there.  I had to settle with a Pellegrino instead.  I might come back to this place if I'm in the area, but if I'm close to the G-spot, I'm going there instead.
5	Met these guys @ Farmers Market...Blackberry Merlot had me coming back for more.
5	After a long day of shopping with my parents we decided to go to Jamba Juice. We got there just 5 minutes after they'd closed so we decided to try this place instead since it was just a few doors down. We're very glad we did!They have a huge selection of gelato and a truly impressive selection of sorbet. Most ice cream places only give you 2-3 choices for sorbet, but they have at least 10. We've been here twice in the last 2 weeks and have loved everything we've tried!They also have free wifi, which is awesome. If you're in the area you have to try this place!
5	Mmmmmm gelato.....I love all things icy and creamy and full of flavor and the gelato at Gelato 64 fits the bill!  My daughter and I were out of the house on a rare evening and we happend to be in the area.  Now my daughter has a HUGE sweet tooth, HUGE.  This kid would eat sugar 24/7 if I let her.  She had eaten a good dinner so I promised her desert and we happend on Gelato 64.  It took us 15 mins to decide what we wanted.  The girl behind the counter was very patient and offered samples of anything we wanted.  And you name it, they had it!  I finally decided on some Salty Carmel gelato and it was delicious!!!  My daughter got the same and she was in heaven.  I guess the number 64 stands for how many flavors there are and it does make it a very difficult choice because, honestly, everything I tasted was so yummy!  It's not far from home so we will be back!
5	YES one star?  Don't get me wrong, the gelato is out of this world.  In fact, it was so good after I tried a cup for myself, I bought a whole quart for my dinner party.  It's expensive, over $21 dollars for the quart and the single cup I got.  Now imagine my disappointment when, after 20 minutes of waiting for the gelato to defrost, they told me I would have to pay extra for 4 of the styrofoam cups they put it in.  WHAT?  cups that cost them 3 cents.  Well I guess I got to go back to Swirl it.  At least I know they take the weight of their cups off the final price!*UPDATE*It took less than 24 hours for the owner to contact me and apologize for what happened.  He stated it is not their policy to charge for the cups and has corrected it with their personnel.  WHAT A CLASS ACT.  Changed the stars to 5!  Thank you for doing the right thing for your customers
5	Gelato 64!.... Wow.A delicious treat... better than yogurt..Their homemade Blackberry Merlot is a showstopper!
4	The chocolate brownie Gelato was very good, loaded with brownies, which was what I was craving.  The kids had mint and the other salted caramel, I didn't like the mint much, but the salted caramel was very good also.  Very nice customer service, and generous with the samples (which is nice for an indecisive person like me :)
5	The best!
4	I loved this place because it was so delicious and very close to my house. I recently visited this location over the weekend and was disappointed to find out that it's now closed. Apparently they're moving to Arizona Avenue and Ocotillo.
4	They moved to Arizona Ave and Ocotillo in the old Tastee D Lite building!  I love their Gelato.
