2	Have it your way...? Isn't that their slogan.... First of all- Yes, I know it is fast food and a newly opened business, but even I hold all fast food drive thru chains to a certain degree of being acceptable and trust me, the bar is pretty low.  As I pulled up, only a couple cars were in the parking lot and one car ahead of me in the drive-thur.  When I got to the window, it looked like one of the Managers took my order.  Through the speaker, I asked him numerous times to make my order CTO: cooked to order.  If he did not know the term he should have asked instead he assumed I wanted a combo.  He seemed very rushed and overwhelmed.  He proceeded to take my order, then told me to hold but did apologize, and then asked me to repeat my order.  As he read it back to me, he left out a few specifications, and when I corrected him, he said yes, "thats what i have down...."   I told him CTO was not a combo then neglecting to give me a yes or no when i asked for my order to be CTO'ed.  The only reason why I asked for CTO was my brother said he was able to order it that way, yesterday, after a former Burger King employee that is a friend of his said he could do so.  Yesterday, that same Burger King knew what CTO meant and applied it to his order.   I finally got to the window and this kind young girl working the cash register handed me my food then proceeded to ask me, did you want a combo...?  I said no, and said i wanted my order to be Cooked to Order/CTO.  She asked both managers behind her, one of them ignored her, and the other one said NO!  My food was definitely not made to order.  I'll still go back since it is literally right down the block, and fast food is fast food.  I'll be fair, when I get a good experience I will re-rate this place.  As of right now, I'll be kind and rate this place 2 stars.
3	Manger sucks because I'm a senior at liberty and he told me that I can't order food
2	... they don't listen to your order.. so, they get it wrong.. you get a few huh's...The girl who was taking the order, kept saying huh. So you want a combo. No, Just the sandwich. One of the orders was a combo meal. we get to the window. we got charged for two combos. they gave us two fries but only one drink. Come on if your going to charge me extra give me everything I paid for.... we waited till they poked there head out the little window. let them know we didn't want two combos. The Young girl maybe 17 looked at the man, who seemed to be the manager.. He said well, and pointed to the receipt. we just asked for a portion of our $$ money back. She didn't seem to have much of an idea of what she was doing and he said to her Mija, and put his hand out like ill get this. he did give us our money back. So we head out on the way to California. begin to eat our burgers.. SO SO Dry they fries we soggy. I was very disappointed.  we dont usually eat much fast food. but... get it together. I know its a new location but its not like your creating a plate. will probably give it a second shot to see if maybe they were just having an off night.
2	I don't hold any fast food joint to a high standard at all but c'mon, my entire order was wrong!  I don't eat fast food often for many reasons, now I am reminded yet again, one of the reasons why.  I did a visual inspection before leaving the drive thru and it all looked correct. But, when I got home, it was a different story. Of course, it is a gamble when ordering at any drive thru and since this is a gambling town, I will probably go back. Put it all on black and let it ride!! :)
1	I totally agree with the other comments as far as at the speaker they do not seem to be listening. When he repeated my order he left out that I wanted cheese on my burger and when I asked if he got it with cheese I got no reply, I have worked fast food and so I know he was able to hear me ask. However when I got to the window the order was correct. He seemed rushed and like he had way too much to do, I did not really enjoy the salt with fried potatoe or what they referd to as "french fries" WAYYY too much salt I could not even eat them, my burger was not hot either, it was warm though. I do not expect much from fast food places however you have to try to not be good and this was by far my worst Burger King experiance. I may try them again maybe it was just a bad night but seeing the other reviews maybe this is the best this establishment is going to do. I am giving  1 star only because my order was actually correct and you cant give any less than one star lol.
4	I was running errands and was starving!!  I noticed a brand new Burger King on st. Rose parkway. I headed in to grab a quick lunch. I had the whopper jr and the Oreo shake. It was the same Burger King quality no complaints. They even had one of those fancy soda machines with the touch screen. I mean don't go expecting the quality of a fancy burger place. But if you are hungry and in the area it is worth it.
4	This BK is right near my house. I've been inside once and the establishment was well-kept. The drive-thru can be a bit slow but my food order is almost always accurate (I got a coke instead of tea once). Overall, the staff is always super friendly and I very rarely run into any issues with my order.
5	Came here again and the manger is off the charts. He even gave me a medium drink for the price of a small combo. Love this place. I only do come here for breakfast. I don't really care for the burgers unless I order chicken fingers. They also have the best ice cream. Their ice cream taste sweeter then McDonald's
3	This Burger King is the nicest Burger King I have been too. The employees are very nice and the restaurant itself is very amazing. I honestly come here a lot when I am craving a midnight snack or want to splurge on some junk food. This Burger King is very yummy and I could recommend anyone to come here. Love the seating and the environment.
1	Worst drive through service I've ever had ordering. Told me I forgot to tell him what size yet he never asked. No please no thank you, just mindlessly going through the motions.
1	Ordered a Whopper Combo with Cheese @11:33am, 30 mins later....nothing. So I went up to the counter with my receipt. Seems they were too overwhelmed and lost track of my order. The manager upgraded my order to Large fry instead of a medium.
1	You've been warned !!!!! Do not eat here. Employees are horrible at customer service, mess up everybody's order and give you the wrong food or either make you wait 15 minutes to get your food. It shouldn't be this hard to get a food order right but these people somehow can't do it
2	This store was nice when it first opened, but has gone downhill since. Ordered food and paid with cash, gave me the wrong change back, when I asked for the receipt she had to ring it up again to give me a receipt. Tried to short me $5 then tried to charge me more. The receipt didn't match what she told me, what I paid, or the change I got back. I ended up leaving just because I was so frustrated. The woman that works the drive thru is awful and basically acts like she hates her job. Nonstop eye rolling and attitude when asking for napkins, sauces, anything. As if the stuff is coming off her paycheck. I would suggest the BK on Serene instead. Better customer service. Gave two stars because I went there once on my way out of town and had another person at the window who was awesome.
1	This Burger King is on my way home from work, so most of the time I just give in and stop there hoping for the best.  I am always disappointed.  9 times out of 10 my order is wrong on top of waiting insanely long amounts of time at the drive thru.  I feel like this Burger King is one of Gods Cruel jokes.
4	This place has definitely cleaned up. Not only is the service fantastic now, but the food seems to be better quality. Ever since they got new management I have seen a drastic improvement.
1	Got to be the worst location in Las Vegas. How can you screw up multiple things after having to have things repeated twice and then having a Manager double-check it?Ordered 4 orders of chicken nuggets, only got 2 but got sauces for 4. Ordered 4 Whoppers, got 2 and 2 Big Kings.How in the hell do you Multi-Screw like that?
