5	As far as an allergist and ENT goes Dr. Cohen and staff can not be beat for service, quality of care and patient satisfaction. They are very accommodating to your schedule, rarely running late, often can get you in the same day and show a true care in your health.I have been going to Dr. Cohen for over a year now. Initially it was for a check up about mild sleep apnea and seeing if my tonsils played a roll in that. After a through check up and examining me Dr. Cohen presented the option of a tonsillectomy and uvula trimming to help open my passage ways. I was not pressured into this decision and was clear told it was not a must procedure but it would improve my quality of life. So i elected to have the procedure done. Dr. Cohen and staff prepared me well and we very supportive getting me all the info i needed and clear explaining what to expect. While the procedure hurt like crazy like they warned me it would, and so did anybody who had tonsils out as an adult, I was always updated on my progress, seen within hours if i had a problem big or small, and had all my needs met. Just as i was told the healing took awhile but I have been so much better with better sleep and fewer sore throats since.When it came time to deal with my allergies they did a great job in treating it and getting me set up with weekly shots to help with my problems.When I realized i was having a lot of sinus trouble and breathing through my nose (now that my throat was clear i noticed this much more) the dr looked and tried a few different things like shots to help inflammation and suction to clear the pathways. When that failed he told me a deviated septum correction and some sinus work would help. The surgery was quick, easy and very minimal pain...I went to the movies the next day and was on very minimal pain killers for 3-4 days.I can't say enough good things about all the staff here they are great and I can't be happier with my experience and results. P.s. If they ask if you want to see Sean the Nurse Practitioner don't hesitate he does all the doctor does except surgery, can write scripts and is a great guy to see.
5	I have been getting allergy shots at this location for over a year.  It has been a great experience.  Almost all of my allergies are gone!  The staff is great.  The women working the front desk are always friendly and ready to help.  The inconvenient thing about allergy shots is that you have to get them every single week.  Dr. Cohens' team makes this as painless as possible.  I never have to wait to get my shots.  The second I walk through their door I am being called to the back.  No wait at a doctors office?  I'll take it!
5	This review is several months in the making. Be prepared to read a quality review because I've waited to make sure this deserves the 5 stars I wanted to give it.My whole life I've been plagued with bad allergies. I envied the people who had seasonal allergies because they only had to experience their allergies part of the year. After a few people, at my now old job, recommended I visit Dr Cohen and his office I thought why not. It never occurred to me in my entire life I could rid myself of this curse of the nose, but this is the story of how it happened. If you are not familiar with how an ENT (Ear, nose and throat) doctor works, they first test you for what airborne pollens, grass and dust you are allergic to, they also rate it on a scale of 1 to 10. They tested 60 different things on me, and I tested a 10 out of 10 on 40 of the 60. That's pretty bad. Prior to seeing Dr Cohen my allergies have gotten to the point where I needed to carry an inhaler. I couldn't drive with the windows down ever. I must keep the doors and windows shut to my house. I have to limit my time outdoors in the spring time or suffer the consequences. So my 40 out of 60 score didn't really alarm me. Next up they ordered a battery of tests on me including a CT SCAN. It reveled my sinuses were worse than I thought and apart from these tests, I wouldn't have any idea the seriousness of the situation. The last step is why I have oh so many checkins here, the shots. Starting in September 2011 to present day, I have been visiting the awesome staff here once a week for 3 shots.  Brenna is the friendly face that checks me in and Jade is the needle rockstar who takes me back for the shots. This spring was the first ever in my life I have been able to live normally and enjoy the beautiful weather Phoenix has to offer like I'm supposed to. So how different is life for me? I always have the windows open in the car. When the weather was nicer I would also keep doors open to the apartment to let the fresh air in. I hike Camelback a couple times a week, go bike riding, do crazy things like The Warrior Dash (in a bunch of dust mind you) or chill pool side all weekend. This would not have been remotely possible for me aside from the work Dr. Cohen and his staff have done to alleviate my allergies. I highly recommend this office, plus with my insurance the weekly shots cost me nothing, so you have nothing to lose but all those allergy pills in your medicine cabinet.
1	WORST PLACE EVER, they sent me a bill the other day for $200 dollars from 8 months ago. They never looked into what my insurance would or would not cover and just screwed me over. Do not go here they are sales men and crooks and will give you an unnecessary hearing test and charge you for it, I'm 29 don't need a hearing test. AVOID at all Costs should really be 0 stars.
1	Not cool!  Just received a bill in the mail for this allergist.  They apparently think I owe them $200 for uncollected payments over the last 2 YEARS.  Its literally a bill that is 10 pages long with small charges from the last 15 months.  I went there for over 2 years and these payments were never once mentioned to me.  Not very happy about this at all.
4	Okay I need to rewrite this based on the last couple months. The staff that I interact with is great. Allergies are still better than ever. The results are what's keeping the stars mostly intact. The rewrite is based on their billing fiasco. I too received a large bill for all my visits dating back to August 2011 that I was not aware of.  I keep every piece of paper related to my insurance, but the statements can be so confusing sometimes I was not aware, nor did the office staff tell me for my first 9 months of visits that I was accruing a large balance. I'm trying to work it out with the billing manager so there maybe another update in store. She assures me that it's fixed and explained the problems. I understand part of the issues but I also agree with the other people leaving 1 stars. So, if you are considering this place just stay on top of your own insurance charges, maybe ask them a bunch of questions to make sure you know how much out of pocket you are paying after insurance. They are still worth it for the results and I hope that this is something they can put behind them.
5	I was referred her by my PCP, Dr. Lillo.  Checked to see if Dr. Cohen was a part of my insurance plans APN (Performance Network..deeper discounts if you use APN providers) and sure enough he was listed!  My first visit - Dr. Cohen confirms what Dr. Lillo told me in my wellness visit.  Immediately wants to jump into action and get testing done.  My second visit - First tests in office.  Painless.  And I received information about my other test - which had been approved by my insurance. The office staff is on the ball with contacting my insurance to make sure pre-auths are obtained.  I like that.  I can only hope that when all is said and done, I'll be breathing easier.  :)
