4	To finally have a smoothie place even closer to me than juice box in shadyside was a plus.To have a smoothie place that was reminiscent slightly of jamba juice was another plus.For the smoothie place to also include frozen yogurt, providing 6 flavors (plus 3 pairs of swirls) at the same price as all other frozen yogurt places in pittsburgh (41 cents/oz), while still operating in shadyside, is just absolutely fantastic.The staff here are still learning how to make the smoothies, so it will take them a little while to speed up and serve more customers in times to come  (hopefully).  GIven that planet smoothie is a decently successful franchise, and there are no other major competitors of their products in shadyside,  i really hope that this place stays. i've wanted a smoothie/froyo place to be in my vicinity for so long, and it's finally here.I had a screamsicle smoothie, and while it wasn't quite as sugary as the smoothies i've had at jamba juice, it was still very refreshing.  having been primarily a jamba juice drinker, i am more used to a pretty thick, sugary smoothie.  their frozen yogurt seemed just as good as that of razzy fresh's (despite the fewer flavors); although i didn't try a whole bowl, i tried three samples (key lime, raspberry pomegranate tart???, and original tart) and they all tasted fine.Become a patron! Go now!Random side note: even though they have high top tables lining the window, there is no seating inside (as of now).
5	Planet Smoothie is by far my favorite smoothie joint. I used to be a regular at one in Columbus, OH until I moved. I've been telling my gf that Pittsburgh really needs a planet smoothie for years now and finally my dream has come true. I always get Choco Chimp or Mr. Mongo w/ protein after working out. If I'm going to spoil myself I go for Elvis :)The staff here is very kind and very helpful. Everytime I've walked in the door, I've always been greeted with a smile.
4	Yeah, smoothies in Shadyside!!!  Finally!  What's up with Pittsburgh having hardly any smoothie places?These are very tasty and fresh with a nice amount of icy crunch, and I like that they're not overloaded with sugar.  The flavors aren't as bright as some other chains, but hey, beggars can't be choosers.  My main gripe is that the price is a lot higher than I'm used to paying, starting at $4 for a small cup.  At that price, I might be more tempted to hit up a froyo shop instead.  (They do have froyo here too, but I haven't tried it.)  Still, it hits the spot on a hot day.
4	I have been making a habit of popping into Planet Smoothie after working out. What I like is that Planet Smoothie is keen on keeping the ingredients they use in the fro-yo and smoothies fresh. I've tried the Road Runner and Two Piece Bikini in Strawberry. Both have been great - not too thick and sugary. The staff are incredibly friendly and I'll continue to go here after a hard workout.
3	My first experience here was great, but my subsequent experiences have left me disappointed. The softserve itself is good, but the toppings are not always fresh, which is what caused the inconsistency in my experience. The smoothies are decent, but pricy! At least the staff is friendly!
2	Ever since Planet Smoothie popped up on Walnut Street in Shadyside, I've been trying to stop by for a smoothie. I get distracted easily...Now I understand it is attached to a gym but it smells pretty bad in there. It mildly reminded me of being in a locker room after a soccer game. I'm sure it doesn't always smell like that but they might want to do something about it when it does.The smoothie menu is extensive. You can try several varieties that fall into five categories: weight loss, protein, wellness, energy, and cool blended. It also provides nutritional content for those counting calories. In addition to a variety of smoothies, it also has frozen yogurt with a variety of toppings to choose from (think Razzy Fresh). It has way more candy options then fresh fruit options which I found slightly weird.After some contemplating, I decided to get one of the new Acai Bowls (pronounced ah-sigh-ee). The acai is blended thickly with raspberries, mango, and apple juice and then topped with granola and bananas. The taste was refreshing and perfect for a post-run snack. The presentation was strange. It was given to me in a cup. I just wanted to drink it but I think I was supposed to eat it with a spoon? I'm not sure really? I ended up drinking most of it because I am weird and also easily confused.Overall, it was tasty and didn't leave me feeling guilty about eating after I worked out. It also erased the hunger pains for cheese sticks which is a seriously difficult task to do for me after a 5 mile run.
2	Is this place going through renovations of some sort? Because the pictures of the store here are nothing like the store I experienced. The store I experienced is an empty shell with a single register and counter to walk up to, a couple of stools in the window, and empty machines that clearly used to hold additional options for people who walk in but are now never in use.I don't know. This place really underwhelmed me, and not just because the entire shop is a bland empty white room right now. Kudos for attempting to offer a variety of types of smoothies (weight loss, protein, wellness, energy, and cool blended), but...man, I hope the other smoothies are better than the one I had. The smoothie I got, a berry mix, had a weird aftertaste that I often experience in smoothies for some reason (is it the yogurt, maybe?). Plus, I thought the list of smoothie options was kind of short - two or three columns with four or five options each - for a place calling itself Planet Smoothie. And it was definitely way too expensive for what I got - it didn't even taste super fresh. Heck, it didn't even make me feel full or satisfied in the least: I  proceeded to have dinner with friends an hour later and was starving. My smoothie was basically a total waste of calories.Won't be popping in here again.
3	Is this place open anymore? We've attempted it multiple times during the business hours posted at the door. Sign is always on....But no one there.
