5	Words cannot describe how awesome this place is. A lovely breakfast, cooked and served by the loveliest wee old lady in Edinburgh. If you don't want breakfast, just stop by for a cake and chat with Mrs Forsyth. She, the location and the decor make it feel like you're going over your Nan's for tea. Marvellous.
5	This place was charming and wonderful.  In the middle of a city where I knew nobody, I really felt like I was at my grandmother's for tea.  The food etc was homecooked and lovely...but the real charm was Mrs. Forsyth herself.Do yourself a favor...find Chalmers Close and vist Forsyth's Tea Room.  You won't be sorry...
5	What a wonderful treasure!  It's hard to find (down Chalmers Close - small door on the left) but so amazing!  Christine, the owner makes you feel right at home and by the time you leave, you have a friend in Edinburgh!  The food was yummy (finally found a good Scottish scone!) and it's fun to have tea in a building from the 14th century!  Don't miss this treat!
1	I was hugely disappointed by the restaurant after going to it based on the reviews. The lady who runs it is charming, but the decor and food are both a disaster. The inside is crammed full of cheap knicknacks for sale (coffee mugs, tea towels, plate cozies). It smelled strongly of cleaning chemicals. The scone was not particularly good, and I'm fairly sure the whipped cream came from a store-bought can. Maybe it is better at breakfast? I don't see what was charming about the restaurant, except perhaps if the decor reminds you of your own gran's house and looks nicer in the warm glow of fond memories.
4	I enjoyed this place and the lady who runs it was so nice (everyone keeps using the word "charming" and I am looking for another adjective, but she was charming)! She knew a lot about Edinburgh history and she was so friendly. I could have sat there all day chatting with her. I was there in 2012. I hope she is still around. It was one of the highlights of my trip to Edinburgh. However, she seems to run the whole place by herself. She seats you, makes your food, etc. I feel that she needs a hand in there as she is an elderly lady. I would love to move to Edinburgh and help her out. Haha!
5	Sweet, lovely and the best Scottish breakfast you will ever have!! Yummy baked goods and breakfast rolls! Christina will give you the best hospitality!! She usually works alone so just be patient. It truly is an enchanting g experience!
3	It's a very Nice and friendly place. A bit expansive. The food is correct but not exceptional.Go there for the place and the nice waitress that will take care of you but do not expect really good food or beverages.
5	Mrs Forsyth (?) was just adorable and lovely when we rocked up on a rainy New Year's Day last week. Yummy square sausage rolls and pretty decent coffee; only regret is not asking to have our picture taken with her and her new purple hair rinse
