4	Well, of course I go clear across the country and still manage to go to a BR, right?Service was great here. The two ladies on the floor were awesome. Very helpful and friendly but not all up in your business.  It was enjoyable to browse through here, even though I was there for such long time.  Since I was there for such a long time I was able to really watch how they operate as well. There were consistent with everyone.  The store isn't huge, it's a decent size, so the variety of options were all there. No fault of theirs, since you can only do so much with the space you have. But it's not as large as the one I frequency. I've definitely been in smaller ones, like the one in Pleasanton, CA.
5	So.. You wanna look like MecklenGuy huh? Well.. now you've discovered one of my secrets to style. My other favorite store can be found in my reviews.. I'm sure..Someone else said it, but I'm going to repeat it here: The company must have measured me while sleeping to know my exact perfect fit when it comes to clothes. Why not just shop at Gap or Old Navy? Because the style here is even better.. the tailoring is just a tad better.. and the fit is much better - lots more looks for business casual or business. Even better: the staff is fantastic! Never met me? I'm 6'0" and 160 lbs. Their clothes fit that and then some.Make sure to start all the way in the back where all the good sales are. Go on a day when they are having sales on top of the sales on the stuff in the back - even better. I will say this: the sale area seems like it has gotten smaller on the men's side since the last time I was there.. boo to that. Oh well. Still great selections.
3	I LOVE BR's clothing for men, but as for me...it's not so much my style. I can't say I've ever owned a piece of their clothing.  Today brought me in looking for interview attire & oddly enough, one of my boyfriend's friends works there. We told her what we were looking for, but she said they really didn't have anything conservative like I wanted. Instead, she told me to look over at The Limited. :D I was very appreciative of her honesty!Being the head parent of the whole BR/Gap/Old Navy family, their prices are pretty steep. I agree with Joe K., the quality of their clothing is very nice.  I will say the sales racks seem to offer pretty good savings, with nice things to choose from.
5	Awesome is the only word I have for this store. Ok, this store is soo awesome that I actually have more than one word haha. I loved my experience here. I was here on Memorial Day weekend 2013. I actually did not even know there is a BR store in Northlake mall. This store is located to the right of Anthropologie. Of course, this store is very clean, sparkly and well-organized. But what I am most impressed with is that immediately as I walked in I was greeted, and well informed. I was told that they were running an additional 40% off on everything in the store except for men's blazers. The lady that greeted me even had a brief chat about the reason for the exception on men's blazers is because they are specially monogrammed and are custom made. The sale racks here are awesome, and to be honest, I only do sale racks in BR, one day when I am no longer student status, I will probably buy something full price. The only downer to this store is the lady(tall, skinny African-American woman) that was opening the fitting room seemed like she was ready to go home and looked irritated/bored. When I walked out of the fitting room, another lady (plus-size African American woman who is in her 20's) approached me and asked if she could help me with anything else. I said I think I am ready to check out, she told me no problem and could check me out, I liked how direct she is, even if she gets commission on the sales. She was extremely friendly, as I mentioned, I am a student, she said she would try to see if the student discount works on sale items. Unfortunately the system would not allow. But for all of you out there who shop regular price, know that there is always a 15% student discount at BR. I loved how friendly the staffs are here, minus the lady opening dressing rooms. I prefer this store over the south park store more. Mainly because I do not care about how nice looking the store is, the south park store recently was renovated to look like a high end hotel, the checkout area looked like a hotel lobby. The staffs here were much more knowledgeable and friendly.
5	Awesome is the only word I have for this store. Ok, this store is soo awesome that I actually have more than one word haha. I loved my experience here. I was here on Memorial Day weekend 2013. I actually did not even know there is a BR store in Northlake mall. This store is located to the right of Anthropologie. Of course, this store is very clean, sparkly and well-organized. But what I am most impressed with is that immediately as I walked in I was greeted, and well informed. I was told that they were running an additional 40% off on everything in the store except for men's blazers. The lady that greeted me even had a brief chat about the reason for the exception on men's blazers is because they are specially monogrammed and are custom made. The sale racks here are awesome, and to be honest, I only do sale racks in BR, one day when I am no longer student status, I will probably buy something full price. The only downer to this store is the lady(tall, skinny African-American woman) that was opening the fitting room seemed like she was ready to go home and looked irritated/bored. When I walked out of the fitting room, another lady (plus-sized African American woman who is in her 20's) approached me and asked if she could help me with anything else. I said I think I am ready to check out, she told me no problem and could check me out, I liked how direct she is, even if she gets commission on the sales. She was extremely friendly, as I mentioned, I am a student, she said she would try to see if the student discount works on the sale items. Unfortunately the system would not allow. I really did appreciate her for trying anyway. But for all of you out there who shop regular price, know that there is always a 15% student discount at BR. I loved how friendly the staffs are here, minus the lady opening dressing rooms. I prefer this store over the south park store more. Mainly because I do not care about how nice looking the store is, the south park store recently was renovated to look like a high end hotel, the checkout area looked like a hotel lobby. The staffs here were much more knowledgeable and friendly.
