2	This restaurant is inside the hotel Marriott directly at the airport.If you happen to find yourself at the airport and don't have the time to head back to the city (Montreal), this is probably and unfortunately your best choice.It has a very nice ambiance and good service. The food has elements of greatness, but fails time and time again in the execution.Asparagus soup: Delicious. I particular like the small flakes of goat cheese they added. It added just a hint of of a very nice flavor.Onion Soup: Pretty good.Halibut: OvercookedSteak: First overcooked, and when I sent it back the next one came back undercooked.Deserts: OkAgain, probably your best choice at the airport, but nothing to write home about.If you can, take a taxi to Montreal (foodie heaven).
4	I enjoyed a great lunch here. The onion soup was best I've had maybe ever. Good service, nice place.
3	Bijou is the only restaurant within the Montreal Marriott. It's also the only one within walking distance, unless you want to try your luck in the airport. Consequently it suffers from "the only choice around" syndrome: It's attractive inside and the food is decent, but the prices are very high.The breakfast buffet here was $24 - Not very cost effective if I just wanted a pastry and a bowl of fruit. Even when I ordered a bowl of oatmeal from the menu, it was still almost $20 with coffee and tip. At least work was paying for it.A nice positive for Bijou was that the lounge and bar were open until midnight.  Their pours were quite healthy as well.  Since I was still on California time, sometimes an 11 pm nightcap was just the thing to get me sleepy enough when my body thought it was 8:00.
4	Normally when I fly in to Montreal I don't have time to grab a bite to eat before heading off to my first meeting. Today I had some extra time and so I decided to do something rare and have breakfast for a change. Since I had some time to actually sit down to eat, I figured Tim Horton's and Illy weren't going to cut it, so I decided to take a walk down to the Marriott. The Bijou Restaurant is located in the hotel right around the corner from the front desk. The atmosphere was pleasant with some Latin music playing softly in the background. The restaurant is filled with natural light and is tastefully decorated. I decided to have the breakfast buffet, which consisted of the following items:Breads (English Muffins, Bagels, Toast, Croissant)Assorted PastriesOatmealAssorted CerealsAssorted Fresh Fruit (Pineapple, Raspberries, Blueberries, Melon, Oranges, Apples)Assorted CheeseBaconSausageFrench ToastBreakfast Potatoes YoghurtAs well as a made to order Omelette BarI had a variety of these items which were all fresh. The Omelette Bar has a variety of standard toppings and was prepared for me quickly and delivered to my table. The Hostess and my waiter were both very pleasant and attentive. My Orange Juice was refilled several times and I was also provided with a small berry smoothy. I was also offered a newspaper and asked if I was staying at the hotel (which I wasn't). Overall it was a pleasant experience that allowed me to have some personal time as well as a good meal. Price wise, it's a Marriot, so expect to pay about $20 plus tip. A fair price given the location and quality of the food items offered.
