4	This new pet store at 67th Ave & Bell Rd has a good selection of dog food and dog supplies.  They carry the full line of Canidae dog food that we have been buying for years, and for a couple dollars less than The Stock Shop down the street.We went here because we had a $10 off coupon when we spent $40 or more.  We'll probably be back because it's closer to home and a few dollars less.
3	When I went it seemed new.  Sort of stuffy inside.  Not many customers.  Lady was nice enough.Not sure I will return.  I like it when there are a lot of customers so the food rotates often.  i would recommend checking expiration dates and the bags for bugs/holes.
5	We stopped in last night for dog food suggestions. We had been going to petsmart but noone could truly answer our questions about the dog food. The gal there was super nice, was able to answer and recommend a different dog food since 1 of our 3 dogs would no longer eat the life source bits in his blue buffalo. Grr but since his bread is common for chicken allergies we wanted to stay away from chicken. We ended up choosing the pinnacle. And last night man did he eat it faster than ever!! Will definately be back!
4	I like this shop because they carry raw cat and dog food and I think the price is a little more reasonable than what I've seen at other specialty shops. Also, the staff is really friendly and helpful.
5	I stopped in here because I needed canidade dog food and the other places were closed that carry it. I did notice the prices were much higher and I mentioned that to them. I didn't expect them to price match for me but they did and I was extremely happy since they stay open until 8 pm on weekdays and open on Sundays. The made me an account and made a note of the price match so I can purchase it for the price each time I come. I will definitely be back again.
2	My husband and I recently adopted a husky puppy, and we decided to check out Pet Club.  We were looking for dog food suggestions, because our puppy wasn't eating the food we had bought at another store. Pet Club seemed to have a pretty good selection on dog food/products, but we weren't too impressed with the customer service. No one could really answer our questions/concerns nor did they seem interested in doing so. Also, I was nearly run over by another employee pulling a large dolly and he didn't even bother to apologize.
5	I totally LOVE this place. Every time we have been here, the employees have been incredibly nice, helpful, and knowledgable. Their selection is awesome, too, and they have reasonable prices. We mainly come here for dog bones and toys, and we have never been disappointed! I highly recommend this store for their selection and friendly staff : )
2	This review is for the shot clinic they had in May, 2013. I have been to several shot clinics and have been in and out in an hour or so when I was at the back of the line. Here I was the 6th person in line, and waited about 2 hours. The vet was so slow. He would spend 20-30 minutes with a dog. It was crazy. This is a shot clinic, intended to just get in and out. If you want to have a regular vet visit, go to your vet. I don't have time for this with a toddler running around. I just need my dogs to get shots. We then had blood drawn, and waited another 20 minutes to get the results (the test took 5 minutes) This shot clinic wasted my whole saturday. I was not happy.
1	I've been a regular customer here for quite some time now, and every time it was a decent experience. The employees seem to know their stuff. I have a Yorkie and apparently they can be very picky with their food, so when I went in looking for new food they were very helpful. After putting him on a certain type of food for awhile he isn't doing too great on it. When I called I spoke with a young lady and she said I can bring in whatever I had left of his food as long as it wasn't opened (It was containers of wet food). So when I went in today with the dog food to be returned, I was waiting in line patiently for about 3 minutes maybe, when it was my turn a lady had basically cut me off claiming she didn't see me and started to pull out her wallet. The employee did not tell her I was in line first and contiuned the sale.. (STRIKE ONE). A second employee comes from the back and takes the next person in line (should have been me), but no instead takes the lady behind me.. (STRIKE TWO). Finally, when it's my turn I wasn't able to return ONE container out of the 12 that i brought in because I didn't have a receipt for it. JUST GREAT. I asked if I could of at least get a store credit the guy said, "no". Uhm, okay... its 2 silly dollars, can't I just exchange it for something else and pay the difference??.. "no". (STRIKE THREE). I could careless because it's a silly 2 dollars, but just for the simple fact that he was rude and couldn't just let me exchange it out really bugs me and I will defintely not return to this location due to their lack of customer service.
5	I was in today to get some dog food for my Bichon, Reese.  I saw that they now have a pet grooming salon. One of the salon people saw me getting food and asked what type of dog I had. I told him and he explained how they don't try and up sell, all of there prices included a bath, brush, nail grinding, tooth brushing, a conditioner, ear plucking and cleaning, and a hair cut for only $50. I asked if they had time to groom him today and they were more than accommodating. When I picked up my dog he was super happy and looked better than he ever has. I'll never go anywhere else.
4	The Pet Club is a good place to shop for pet needs. Their prices are better than the Pet Market, although the Pet Market says they match others prices. But its easier to just shop at the place that has the better price.We have a large strong dog that crews through toys quick, so it's nice to have a assortment of tough toys.
5	This location rocks. Everyone who works here is very helpful and full of information, they handle returns like pros, they're really sweet to my dog and they're very personable. The prices here are lower than the Arrowhead location too. I recommend this one if you're going between the two.
