5	A great environment to bring your kids to and especially when the summer heat is really going strong! Very clean, friendly staff and very reasonable rates. We highly suggest you stop in and take a look at the wide variety of fun kid's activities at Child's Play.
5	My son just had his 4th birthday party here and it was awesome.  The perfect place for a party in the month of February.  The children could play basketball or play on the indoor play gyms, the older kids had computers to play with and there were even toys for our little babies.  It was a very clean, warm and safe place for the children to play.The staff was amazing and professional.  They helped keep track of time, we had 2 hours for our party, assisted with guest check in, setting up food and cake, even cleaning.  Because of the size of the party, I was able to add an extra party room and we were able to bring in our own food and drinks.  I opted to include a balloon artist and face painter, and they were both great.  The balloon artist created some amazing balloons.VERY SATISFIED with the service and facility.
1	Cancelled June Service and they still charged me in July, I guess they think they can charge my card whenever they want.  Cancel means I am done.  Simple business! These guys will not be in business long - they wouldn't refund the money now they are going to court over something stupid.
5	I love this place and now there will be one closer to me in Centennial Hills! I am pregnant and have a hard time running after an energetic 2 year old. With Child's Play, I do not have to worry about my toddler running off and when the baby comes I can take the 2 yr old to play regardless of the temperature outside.
3	I purchased the groupon for Childs' Play because I loved the idea that there was a location where my 3 year old daughter could play without the scorching sun. I found the facility to be friendly, well staffed, clean and my daughter had a wonderful time! I was impressed with the variety of play activities. In 1 room they had a dress-up setup, the usual play equipment such as slides and things to climb on, a playhouse area, little people, trains and even a separated area for younger kids.The parents area was quite nice, the play area is visible to anyone sitting there, and the staff told me there was complimentary coffee. Another bonus: seating was comfortable. The only reason I didn't give this place a higher rating was because it does not meet my needs. The idea is fantastic! I was disappointed that times weren't available for parents who work normal jobs. If you are a stay-at-home parent, sign up now!  I am a working single parent and the playtime is only during daytime hours and only on Monday - Friday 9:30am - 6pm and weekends are for parties only so I would never be able to use this facility.
3	Childs' Play certainly has it's pros and cons. I'll start with the pros. Pro #1. Did you know they offer classes here? My 4 year old was enrolled in a 6 week course of Tiny Tigers Karate. The cost was around $45 per session which is less than what you're going to pay at a karate studio. The instructor was legit and good with children. In addition to karate, they have ballet, mommy and baby yoga, crafting, etc. Pro #2. You can enroll to become a member. The cost is $28/month and $14/sibling. If you plan on coming here a lot, a membership is a must. When we used to come here 2 times a week, it was definitely worth it. Pro #3. The employees here are really nice, attentive, and actually play with the kids! They knew my son by name and would make an effort to interact with him. Con #1. When you become a member, they take down your credit card number and do automatic withdrawals at the beginning of the month. I am not a fan of people having access to my accounts.Con #2. They require a 30 cancellation notice. This may have been the complaint of Cristen P. We cancelled in late May, but they still charged us for June because of their cancellation policy.Con #3. Although I also love the cheap rate and convenience of becoming a member, I think a lot of parents take this for granted. Their kids becoming familiar with the place and the parents no longer watch their kids. Thus, the kids get pretty crazy, won't listen to the employees, and have bad manners by bulldozing other kids. Also, some of the kids who are here regularly like to take their socks off and their parents don't care. Not sanitary. Although my children no longer come here because they eventually got bored, I would suggest you check it out with your kids, and definitely take a look at the classes! The lady who runs it is named Kristena & her number is 702-578-9961.
5	We love it here!! Our son just turned 10 months and is a crawling maniac... Childs Play is a perfect place to wear him out in a safe, clean and fun environment. There is an area for children under 2 years with age appropriate toys, awesome! $28 a month for all-you-can play is a great deal! All in all it's a great place for families that allows both children and their parents to burn off steam :-)
5	Our lil guy is now taking a tumbling class at Child's Play and loves it! He's been twice now and is really enjoying it, so is mommy! :)
4	It's a pretty fun place to take your kid but I agree with some other reviewers, parents need to do a better job of watching their own children. I guess it's to be expected at places like this but still...annoying. I swear each time we come there is at least 1 unattended child that feels it's his/her mission in life to torture my child and be obnoxious. I also wonder if we get sick when we come here (seems a trend) but will continue to risk it, especially with summer coming up. It's great to have an option to get out of the house every once in awhile that doesn't involve the scorching heat like parks and splash pads do. I will add I love that the staff is always cleaning and walking around when I am there. I appreciate the effort since, let's face it, kids are kind of gross.I would give it 5 stars if it was open on the weekends even if it is cool they offer the birthday party option on the weekends.Update: They are now open limited hours on the weekend for an upgraded (more expensive) membership!
4	I took my toddler to a birthday party here the other day. It was the first time we ever were here. They have you sign the typical waiver when you check in. And its a "socks Only" place. You have to put your shoes in a little cubby. Which is fine by me. But if you forget socks they sell them.The have a few nice jungle gyms for the kiddos to climb and play on. What I really liked was the adult seating area. Very nice, comfy sofas & chairs..and plenty of them.The party rooms were pretty standard with a couple of picnic tables. I guess they let you in to decorate a few minutes early so thats nice.The staff was always present and very helpful. I just wish it was closer to my side of town.
5	I have a two year old and we have had a membership here since he was 9 months.  We absolutely LOVE this place.  It is very clean and there is a lot of space for everyone to do their own thing.  The staff is very responsible, always friendly and really seem to like kids.  They allow you to bring in pretty much whatever food you want.  There is a lot of fun to be had, even for a 9 month old.  It can get a bit crowded after school or on rainy days, but with the membership you have 5 days a week for the entire year to enjoy.  I think they do now have a membership open that allows you to go during the weekend.  Went to our first birthday party here a few weeks ago, great party.In response to other postings.  As far as I know my son has never gotten sick from this place.  The girls are constantly cleaning and wiping down toys and everything else.  I have never spotted any kind of uncleaniness at Childsplay.  I do wash his hands and face a few times while we are there and before we get in the car, never had any problems.
4	My 19 month old daughter has a lot of fun here. They have a lot of things to keep her entertained for a few hours. I closely supervise her while we are there, follow behind her & help her up & down the ladders to the slides, etc (but not in a helicopter parent sort of way:)We got our daughter's pics taken by their on-site photographer Lauren (Busy Bee Photography). She was great & the pics came out really nice (and for a very reasonable price). Unfortunately they do not sell daily passes so you have to buy a membership if it's not your 1st time there. Since it is about 30 mins away I probably will just go when they offer special daily passes, free preview classes (they hold various classes here) or photography discounts. The place is clean, the staff nice & they sell snacks/drinks (there is an eating area too). I would like to see regular milk for sale instead of the chocolate though:) They also have a boutique with toys, etc but I have not gone in it. My kid would want everything!
5	I just had my daughters birthday party and was so amazed by the service that I joined Yelp just to write about them. They were so accommodating to what I had planned. The girls help set up the decorations serve the food and clean up. All I had to do was show up and bring my stuff.  My daughter had so much fun! All the parents were able to just sit back and relax and chat while all the kids ran off the sugar and played. This was the best birthday party yet!Thanks Child's Play staff !Megan
4	I went to CP for a child's birthday party. I was a bit nervous since I have no children of my own. The place was closed for the private party so that was nice to be able to mingle with people from the same party. There is plenty of equipment for the kiddos to jump and play and slide on. There is a basketball hoop which was fun. * Socks are required for everyone who enters the establishment. The employees did a great jog of keeping the events of the party on schedule. They also kept the food area clean, restocked items, and really helped out the mother of the birthday girl so she could enjoy her family and friends.There are a 2 back rooms for eating and drinking- no food/drinks allowed in the play area. There was also another small area for the toddlers to frolic and play safely away from the bigger children. I saw children ranging from ages of a year to 7 years old having a blast at CP. There is also a "lounge" area for the adults with couches, tables, chairs, magazines, and TV! I saw a small gift shop area that might tempt some children to beg their parents to buy them a souvenir. There was a door with a  buzzer for entrance for added safety for the children.
5	My son had his 5th birthday here and he had a blast. I didn't have to work hard because the people were very helpful. There's even a fun zone for babies and toddlers so my daughter also had a wonderful time. Food is not restricted(except for pizza).
5	Great place to bring children! Awesome experience for both child and parent. Everything is baby proofed and safe. Tons of different toys and centers for all ages. Perfect during the summer when its too hot outside. Also the best place for a birthday party or play date!
5	My grandson loves this place... I like it cause he is not smothered by allergens in the air, the facility is clean, the temperature is always perfect, the staff is great. Great place for any child to get exercise and burn energy at the same time while parents get to relax aghhh the only bad thing about that place is telling your little one is time to go, that's how much he loves it.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Child's play. My son is 10 months and I've been going to this place since he was 4 months old. Why do I love this place so much...?1. It has a baby area. A lot of interesting things for babies that don't even crawl yet2. It's SO SO SO NEAT AND CLEAN! The sweet girls that are working there keep cleaning the toys and the playground constantly3. Speaking of - the girls are just great. The whole staff iscaring and friendly4. As the baby grows it feels like there are still so many things to do...5. You do see the same faces all the time, which is always nice and welcoming6. It's not too loud! In some playgrounds it's impossible to have a decent conversation7. It's free up to 10 months! Amazing!8. The monthly fee is very low comparing to the other places once the baby reaches 10 months9. I love it. I really do. The only disadvantage I see is that between the ages 1-2 the kids have less activities there, but still - I will choose this place over others later on as well!
3	The sw location is very clean and they seem to pick up often with a light cleaning of a few toys at a time. The girl we signed up with couldn't explain what the classes and doesn't enforce parents wearing socks. It seems the classes I was interested in (tumbling & art) my 3 1/2 would age out of at 4. That is a huge selling point for this place as others don't offer it. Additional cooler classes are $120, bummer. The play area is for kids of all ages but does need larger mats under the slides as they are very slick. I would suggest a gate for the infant area or moving it to the toy store and an age change to 0-2yrs. Moving the Lego area out of the infant to the bigger kids area. I would also suggest checking all toys as many need batteries and making sure employees know what the business is selling. It was very frustrating canceling my membership the same day signing up as their contract states no refunds with 30days notice. A 24 hour grace period would be great. Upon asking employees if the broken slide will be replaced I shouldn't hear the owners can't afford it. Gives a very unsettling feeling to parents.
1	I Came here for a child's party. The staff was 20 minutes late. So all of the guests were left standing outside. The parents of the birthday child had to scramble to get everything set up.  The staff was absolutely useless in this area also. Offering no help whatsoever to the parents who were trying to set up quickly due to the tardiness of the employees. overall the staff was incompetent, extremely rude, and disorganized. Terrible experience. Will never be back. And that was the general consensus among the 20 or so parents in attendance. I truly hope the parents of this party receive a full refund for all of the problems that are directly contributed to the staff
1	Boring place. They keep it very clean.. But the environment is the same.. And there is not much change. We joined for a year and we were going to join another venue until we were reminded of the classes they offered. We looked online and unlike the owners reply to Wrennae, there is a description.. But don't let that fool you. There is a class called silly safari, old fashioned fun (you think soup can stilts, tag, duck, duck goose.. ) and a variety of others. Also the preschool prep which is what sold us into returning. My husband and I were so excited that we took my son there every day to try something new. Each time we were thrown aback to find that each class was an art class.. They cannot even call it a class, you come in, all the supplies are out, she flashes a sample of what they are making and you do it and go back in the main area to continue on your play. Even the preschool prep promised a circle time and we sat at the table and the only movement we got was walking to the table. No interaction.. Nothing.. We sat there and listened to a story, then did a craft. The craft had nothing to do with the story even, no lesson learned. I couldn't believe it. She also said that I was the only one who complained about the classes and everyone else loves them. Gee thanks for making me feel comfortable. Oh and the next time I came in, the teacher didn't even look up at me. She just buzzed me in! And the other girl working at the desk kept looking at us with a confused look on her face. When I woudl look at her, she looked away. Interesting. Not cool. My comments should have been handled with a lot more care. I contacted the owner Vanessa, and the first email was nice and she said she would look into the teacher's curriculum and asked me to give it time for a change. I returned a month later and nothing changed! :( it was yet another craft with another paper plate! I emailed her when I got home and was so surprised that she commented in her email response, "I'm not sure what you expected for $7 per month. Wow.. Being, like Wrennae said in a previous customer comment, that this was there only selling point.. Wow. Way to set the expectations low for your business, customers and kids. I even said, it doesn't need to cost money, just put on music and dance.. She was so rude to me and woudl not refund me for the year I paid.. Not even for the classes. She didn't even get back to me. Rude. I went on the website and noticed that the class titles have changed. So she did listen to me finally I guess.. Which proves that I was right.. And wasted a whole 4 months.. Not sure if the content is the same. I haven't visied in a bit. But I looked at the pics posted on facebook and there are a ton of crafts posted.. And the majority of them are paper plates! Lol Don't waste your money here. Lame. It is clean, indeed, but the toys are lame and the environment is stark and there is very little for the kids to do.In reply to Vanessa's rebuttle:Yes, I was a member for a year before. I have told you this before, yet I guess I will state this all again but in public. I didn't try classes before. I saw the online description and was wowed and wanted to do that instead. I am not sure why you are shouting with bold lettering when depicting that the alternative business I was looking into was out of business. This business is what we we're going to o sign up with and yes it was more expensive, but money or going out of business is not the issue. You trying to depict a service falsely is the issue. I went to each class and regardless at what the description said, I got a craft. Your description for preschool prep which is the reason we joined mainly, was so far form the truth. It says movement, and circle time, letters and so on.. No. Movement consists of walking in the door to sit at a table and turn our heads to listen to a story and then make a craft. So, the only difference between the other "classes" and this preschool prep was a story! Lol Also, you didn't protect my identity when I came to you in confidence to tell you something I felt was an issue. You went to the staff and not only dictated the issue, but allowed my name to travel because when I returned I was treated rudely. I complained again to tell you nothing changed and you shoved me aside. Then when I emailed you back in seriousness, I noticed you changed your class names as I urged. As each class represented something different in title and description, yet there was no change in any form class to class. And if these classes are only craft activities, then say so. Or this lack of service delivery becomes a legal issue. Becaus you promise one thing and don't deliver, it is unethical. Along with name defamation, and hostile environment.  I am simply saying that 6 months ago, I signed up for somehting I did not receive. i signed up for classes. The classes dipicted online were very differnt than what was delivered and this is where the issue lies.
