4	My Partner and I just poped into this shop for a warm on a cold february day, no one else in the store but us.The little old lady watched us like a hawk so I asked some questions about hallmarks etc whilst my partner browsed the cabinets. The little old lady knew her stuff and my partner found a beautifull silver celtic style wriste band. Probably the most expensive warming session I have ever had but the banter with the little old lady was great and the quality/price also good.
4	Established for almost five decades, the Tappit Hen specialise in traditional Scottish jewellery and creations of various styles.Selling everything from silver rings to pewter items, the Tappit Hen have ranges of timeless jewellery such as Heathergems, which like all the other stock in here remains popular with a variety of ages.With gifts and handknits, you can pick up more than just a pendant, making this place great for tourists who want to take something classy and authentic back home. But the Tappit Hen also stocks subtly Scottish jewellery which would go down well with the locals. While the last thing a lot of Scots want to do is scream about their heritage with a thistle shaped ring, there are works from as far off as Shetland which are tasteful as well as staying true to the Scottish legends. I took a fancy to the Shetland designs, especially the elegantly curved pendants depicting Celtic myths. There was a gorgeous chain with a bird cameo on it that I was almost tempted to buy since it was 40 quid. But I'll just drop mega hints for a birthday!A real surprise and a place to go if you want to venture away from overtly 'Scottish' tourist traps.
3	As the other reviewers have mentioned, Tappit Hen has a very traditional feel to it and if you're in the market for Scottish themed jewellery then you're in good company here.They have a beautiful selection of Celtic inspired pieces, some more subtle than other so there's something for every taste. I noticed a super cute Ortak thumb ring and various pendants that were very pretty too. For top quality jewellery, the prices are very reasonable and the products here are excellent for gifts or if you just want to treat yourself!In addition to jewellery I also noticed a small number of ornaments, thistle themed table ware and various hip flasks too. They even had a glittery pink hip flask with a heart in the middle - very cute.
3	The Royal Mile seems to portray two different Scotlands, depending on what purveyor of finest tat you're visiting at the time. On one hand, we have the "Och aye laddie" scene, personified by jovial gingers, fictional water-dwelling monsters, and shortbread tins. On the other, we have the moodier, more romanticised Celtic end of things, an over dramatised, more serious Scotland of moody black and white photographs and music that sounds like it was recorded underwater.Tappit Hen is the second type.Celtic jewellery is what it's all about. If Enya invites you to your next birthday party, you know where to come for an affordable yet satisfactory gift.
