5	We love Jodi!!!Jodi is a FUNtastic DJ, MC and CEO of Fun!She dj'ed our recent wedding at Caesars Palace and rocked it.  The music was what we wanted (despite my husband wanting more gangsta rap... which I'm glad was limited).  Jodi kept an amazing flow and vibe to the wedding.  The dance floor was packed.  The lighting was beautiful (and looks GREAT in our shots!).  The kids loved her... my niece asked me if Jodi can dj her bat mitzvah... I had to explain that Jodi doesn't dj bat mitzvahs in England... yet!Rumor has it that Jodi was even helping the guests put their photobooth pictures in our guestbook! Our wedding was a blast.  Thank you, Jodi, for being so FUNtabulous!!!
1	Wish I could give no stars. BEWARE! If you contact JODI and decline her services you just may be harassed. She was rude and had a Very nasty attitude. Please take the time and read the email she sent me after I said, thanks we no longer need your services I also asked her to stop all emails. Her services were defiantly overpriced. Besides unless your over 45 they most likely don't play your genre.On top of the emails she left nasty voice mails. This.This was her reply:From Jodi: Thanks for the VOTE of confidence!  Of course you'll see cheaper rates but you should also be thinking about level of service too.  Just saying.  Trust me I will NOT EMAIL you again.  I just want to say thank for insulting what I do for a living and the priceless memories Sight & Sound Events creates to our clients. I hope you get everything you pay for and more on your wedding day.  My response:MAYBE if you weren't so overbearing you may have had a customer. I will be sure to post your comment as I review yourCompany.Enjoy it when I post it!She continued to harass me and sent another email.From Jodi: How could I have been over bearing when it was you who insulted us.  Really?    I had no shot of winning you as a customer because you didn't want my help even when I offered to be flexible.  Brides will see that I tried with you and that when it comes down to finding the right fit for your wedding, there's a lot more than price to consider.How professional, I don't care how many awards you have if you lack customer service which is what is required to run a successful business. And this is coming from the CEO of the company.
1	BEWARE, If you contact this company to get a quote and then decide not to use their services the CEO will continue to harass you. I asked her to stop emailing me because we no longer needed services and were sent two nasty emails from her. How professional to argue with a client through email, don't waste your time. She has a bad attitude!
