4	Taken to Hanedans by a friend of mine who had lived in Turkey for a number of years, i was promised that Hanedans had the 'best Turkish food not in Turkey'. Quite a claim indeed.Hanedans however, didntlet me down - certainly the vast amount of food that was ordered (which was great for us all to share about) was very tasty indeed, if not quite my thing. It is however quite clear of the chef's passion for his food as it is all beautifully presented as well as great tasting.Staff were friendly and the restaurant was relaxeing, if a bit cramped with so many tabvles in a small room.Overall, while not quite Turkey the country, Hanedans is no turkey itself.
5	In my view, Hanedan is flawless.  It serves delicious food in huge quantites, has a really homely atmosphere with relaxed staff and it's all well priced on top of this.  This is probably one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh and I've been a few times, always leaving stuffed and happy.  The menu has an excellent selection of slow-cooked meat and vegetarian dishes as well as a wide range of kebabs, dips and breads.  I usually have either the marinated lamb or chargrilled chicken which is served on a skewar with fresh salad and a really light, fresh yoghurt dip.  They also do a lot of quality wines and beers alongside iced teas and specialist coffees.  You can can have a great meal here for about a tenner which is great value when you consider the quality of the experience as a whole.
5	What a Turkish delight this was to stumble across. Quite hungry one evening, my family and I took a stroll through Newington. I love Newington for its modest-sounding restaurants dotted around the streets. Our visit here wasn't planned, it was simply a case of when our stomachs got the better of our feet. So we stopped walking, surveyed the menu and popped in.And boy did we choose right. Playing Russian Roulette with me and food, especially when I've got an appetite going, doesn't always look pretty. But Turkish = meat = gooood. And Hanedan Turkish meat = very goooood.Without any hesitation, I ordered the lamb cutlets, and we all shared an array of starters. Kebabs and eastern meaty dishes are often better known to a lot of us when accompanied with chips, cheese and a naan out of a polystyrine box. (So good at the time, yet so regretable). And quite a few turkish and eastern restaurants can often produce a more up-market version of the same donner down the road. Hanedan is different. Worth every single one of those 5 stars, the meat was deliciously cooked, and had everything I love about Turkish meat-cooking. The taste of charcoal, the spicy tomato sauce, the juicy still-pink centre. Mmm. Everything else was wonderful too. Great service, fast and friendly. Prices were reasonable, or what you'd expect for well cooked red meats. Caraf of house red was good. My one and only gripe is that the seats were quite crammed in close together, and I got shunted about a few times. But it does lend a 'homely' and cosy feel to the place. And really once I start eating, a hurricane could tear the place down and I wouldn't notice so I soon forgot about it.Hanedan - you had me at hello.
4	The food here is subtle, unpretentious, and above all, very good. I recommend the roast aubergine dip from the starters and the moussaka, but you can't go wrong with the houmous and chicken kebab either. For some reason they always have on as background music a French internet radio station that plays a mix of classical and jazz, which is eclectic but pleasant. Definitely worth returning to regularly.
5	Probably my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh and definitely one of the most stylish uses of a small space in terms of lighting (atmospheric), use of space and design.Utterly charming, often full on a damp Tuesday night in February, and everyone I have taken has loved it.Food always great - I love the humous and chicken kebab deal so much that I always seem to end up reordering - great authentic use of dried oregano and mint too.Edinburgh is quite good at these small unpretentious neighbourhood restaruants and I feel lucky to live in the next street.
4	I love Turkish food.  The problem with Hanedan is that I love the food so much that I just wanted to order everything on the menu and eat it all.  The other problem is that the portions are *really* generous so you end up feeling as though you might need to be rolled out of the restaurant because you can't bring yourself to stop eating because it's too tasty.  In addition to the incredibly tasty and lage plates of food, the staff and owner/chef (I think?) are absolutely lovely and good for a laugh, and the setting is cute and cozy.  I would say that the only downside is that the mains seem to be quite plain - meat and rice - and really would benefit from an accompaniment.  You end up almost needing to order a starter in order to have a bit of variety, but you ultimately end up with too much food, really.  I couldn't finish my main and had absolutely eaten as much as could fit in my belly.
4	Came here on a suggestion from the host of our B&B, who I think comes here at least twice a week (he actually went there the night he recommended it to us because, as he said it, talking about it made him crave it!)  I love being able to visit the places tucked away from touristy areas, and this was it!We ordered the hummus and feta salad to start, and what amazing portions!  The waitress had to bring out a second basket of pita to finish it, with the added bonus that it was warm when it arrived, yum!  Feta tasted homemade it was so soft and flavorful, and there were so many plump veggies in the bowl that I couldn't finish it!We both got the chicken shish, which had a lovely grilled flavor and perfectly made rice.  I think we piled on the spicy sauce to add a little perk to the meal, but that's why they serve it, I guess!  Overall it was delicious and we left feeling absolutely stuffed.One small note, make sure to get a booking because we didn't (as we arrived at 5:45 when there was almost no one seated) and were told that we had to be out by 7 at the latest.  It was no problem to do so, but I felt a little rushed.
5	I can't add much to the host of 5 star reviews here really, can I? Consulted Qype for a reasonably priced but decent quality restaurant for a meal out one evening, & figured I should see what all the fuss was about. All the charms are exactly as described, & our food was excellent. Took the recommendation on the Borek (spinach filo parcels) as a starter & wasn't disappointed. Lamb kebab for main was a real meat feast  just simple, perfectly cooked, well presented hunks of meat with rice & a relish. Will definitely go back.
4	the food was fresh and extremely good value for money. the service was fast and friendly, and the wine was lovely and chilled, just how i like it!the girls bathroom had a choice of 8 different types of soap and the boys had four...now that is impressive! it kinda feels like you are eating in someone's living room, and it might be not be the best place for the biggest, most rowdy of groups, but for a quiet, chilled out evening meal, i would definitely recommend.
5	Simple and perfect. I had some if the best lamb skewers in my life. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with a little rice and chili sauce. The place is small, but cozy. The service was excellent and the owner was incredibly charming. If I lived in Edinburgh I would become a regular.
4	Hanedan serves really good food in relaxed surroundings. Their chicken skewers locked in an excellent amount of flavour and the soup was lovely. I look forward to my next visit.Overall, we said: "I was delighted with Hanedan. I'll need to come back with a few chums to have a good go at their meze, but on the basis of today I have a strong feeling that this is the best place for Turkish food in the city. I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit, at your earliest convenience."
5	Easily my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. The food is fantastic.  It is a small restaurant and can be really busy so its best to reserve a table - especially on the weekends.  I just travelled through Asia, Australia, New Zealand and the USA and i couldn't find any Turkish food as good as that in Hanedan.  We always order a few starters between us: the hummus, feta salad and the meatballs are our favourite; this also comes with all you can eat pita bread.  The feta cheese is unbelievably creamy and all of the meat is so juicy - I recommend the chicken or the lamb.  But I can never choose between the meats, so I usually have the mixed grill.  Also, even the rice is tasty - I don't know how you can make rice tasty, but they do it.  I look forward to eating here every time I make a reservation.
4	I went here with a friend for a catch up.  After absorbing the relaxed and bohemian atmosphere (and a good lenghty chat) we finally ordered.  We decided to order a few starters and share, as it all looked so good!  The halloumi cheese was yum, the spinach/feta pastry was ace and the humus was beautiful!  Mains was a mixed grill for each of us and I don't think I've ever eaten such soft and scrumpalicious rice! (And I've lived in Japan!)  It was a perfect complement to the meat, which was also lovely.  The staff were attentive and our meal was reasonably priced for the quality of food.  All in all, a cosy and intimate restaurant with tasty food.  Will most definitely go back when in Edinburgh.
5	Cosy atmosphere and always a warm welcomeTurkish menu all lovingly prepared by Gursel, you can check it out online.Delicious hummus to start off if you don't  fancy a proper starter, firin kofte (meatballs),  moussaka and chicken shish all highly recommended.
5	Small but beautiful , the food was just fantastic staff were lovely I would recommend this restaurant to my friends thank you guys
5	My partner and I went to Hanedans for date night dinner and absolutely loved it! We had a selection of starters then the moussaka and chicken skewers. De-lish!! The owner made sure we were well looked after and chatted with us for a while about his food and recipes. Service was good, not too intrusive and the ambiance was lovely. We've just moved out of the Newington area but will be back with friends for another Turkish feast soon.
5	Great Turkish restaurant with large portions of excellent quality food. The owner and staff were extremely pleasant - overall I had a wonderful experience. Tried the hummus, mixed grill kebabs and a few Hoegaarden's to wash it down.  Make reservations or get there right when they open - the space is small and was packed when I got there early on a Saturday evening.
5	Cosy, friendly staff, great food! Very accommodating for a leisurely lunch with us two young parents and our baby!
5	Tucked away at the corner between Sciennes and Newington, Hanedan is a hidden gem in Edinburgh. The atmosphere in the restaurant is cozy, and the food. Oh, the food. Delicious. Words cannot describe from the Mezze (cold and hot) to the Moussaka to the Turkish Coffee and Baklava it was all delicious. Hanedan captured everything I love about Turkish food. The nuttiness of Turkish coffee, the lightness of cold Mezze, the tanginess in hummus.
5	This is my favourite restaurant on the planet, If I could eat here every single day of my life I would.
5	Holy. Wow.Took a 45 minute walk tonight to try Turkish food on our last evening in Edinburgh. Blown away by Hanedan and owner Gursel's food. I'm hesitant to say the hummus was the best I've ever had (I hate saying "the best") except it totally was. Moussaka was so flavorful, I'll definitely be trying my hand at this dish soon.They were all so kind, and knowing we came from the states Gursel treated us to some extra tastes from the cold meze menu!Hanedan is a hidden gem. Don't miss it.
5	Delicious and Nice Friendly Service!!We tried a few mezze, the melon with feta was delicious as well as the cigar tava.   For the main dish we had musakka, sooooo good. Would definitely come back if we ever visited again!
