2	I don't know how to drill it into my friends that I've met here in Arizona...PEI WEI AND PF CHANG'S IS  N O T AUTHENTIC CHINESE FOOD.I've gone here 4 times, each with different friends and *gasp* my husband. This is the one place where he and I don't see eye to eye on. I told him after my last time there if he wants to go, he will have to find friends to go with. I'll be anywhere but there.I've had their pad thai with chicken, fried rice with shrimp, ginger broccoli and asian coconut curry...each time I've been massively disappointed.With their pad thai, there was an over abundane of sauce that should not be soaking into my food. It was extremely bitter and a bit sour as well. The chicken had been overdone.  yuck.Their fried rice with shrimp was ok, even though I had specifically asked that no scallions and no peppers be put in (peppers in my friend rice?  WTF?!). It was bogged down with far too much soy sauce for my liking. Like they had literally soaked it over night in soy sauce. I could manage to eat half of it before the soy sauce made me stop.The other dishes were passable, but again, I won't be going back here voluntarily. I think I'd rather eat at California Pizza Kitchen before ever setting foot in here again...actually, I think I may actually go to Rumbi's before Pei Wei.The atmosphere wasn't so bad, but it was loud. The open kitchen and hearing all the clattering of plates can get to you after a while. Mercifully the times I've been there were no screaming children, but I've heard horror stories from some friends that go there on a regular basis. I've been lucky.I just could never get a feel for the place - I never bonded with it. Maybe because it just never felt like fully authentic Chinese food.I can't quite put my finger on it, but this place is way off for me.
2	This place is either hit or miss. The first time I was here my soba was soo salty that I couldn't finish my noodles, and I'm a girl that loves her noddles. I came back again, and got the curry and it was really pretty decent. I friend ordered the pad thai, and I know its not authentic, but there was something in the sauce that made me think, wow, maybe this place isn't as bad as I thought. I went back earlier this week to get my own pad thai and was disappointed once again. I don't know if its the change in the moon cycle, the way the wind blows, or which chef is making the food, but it totally stumps me how this place can be so on and off. Overall, more off times than on, so I'm going with 2 stars.
3	The manager and staff here are so nice. There was this one time thou that we were waiting for take out and this couple that appeared to be in their 20's was making out in the corner while they waited for their food. I wanted to barf and no one told them to stop so that the rest of us didn't loose it. Who does that in a public in a restaurant? :s Anyway. The first time I came here I got the beef and broccoli and hated it, but now I always get the crispy honey chicken and always leave satisfied. Not authentic but I wasn't expecting it to be.And one time the manager have us a $10 gift card because the guy sitting next to us was acting like a complete jerk.
4	First, a comment to the other reviews on here.  Duh, it's not authentic.  Everyone knows that, and you don't go here for "authentic" Chinese cuisine.  That's what dim sum is for.  Also, if you were so disgusted about people making out in the corner, why didn't YOU say anything?  I bet the employees were equally shocked, and uncertain of how to handle the issue.That being put aside, I really do enjoy Pei Wei.  They have good food for a really good price, and it's usually in and out real quick, except friday and saturday nights.Not quite a five star rating, since there's not a ton of seating space at this location and it seems like the people bringing your food usually get the tables wrong, but those are minor complaints.
4	Consistency is the key here.  I've had fabulous dishes here and the next time, not so much.  To be fair, the last time I was there , the manager noticed I didn't eat very much and asked me why & when I  told her it just wasn't very good, she was very apologetic, immediately refunded me and offered me a free dish of anything on the menu.  I know its not "Authentic" but read the health inspection reports of most of the 'Authentic' Chinese places, I pass on most of them.  This is the same food as PF Changs, just a lot cheaper and smaller selection.
5	love this place. they have gluten free food! and they save your take out order in the computer so double bonus for me. we eat here all the time everyone in the family loves this place. they do not have gluten free soy sauce anymore.
3	Pei Wei Pros:1. Can be ordered online (convenience of point-and-click, all information saved in a profile, don't even have to type in my phone number. Gold star!)2. Can be chosen on autopilot (one of those default take-out options for when there is nothing in the fridge to prepare, you don't want to spend too much on dinner, and making a real decision is just NOT in the cards. Rackin' up the brownie points.)3. Can be acquired rapidly (location dangerously close to my home, with its own take-out entrance for those of us who like to pick up said take-out in our muu-muus. Check and mate.)Pei Wei Cons:1. Never the same dish twice (utter lack of consistency in food preparation is gob-smacking. Huh.)2. What was your name again? (on the busier take-out nights, orders can get lost in the shuffle, and one might end up standing around in public longer than anticipated in a particularly unflattering muu-muu. Look at your own risk.)3.  Hey Kids! Get off my... me! (the family-friendly nature of Pei Wei has made it a popular choice, and that's fine... but sometimes it gets a bit loud and crowded in the dining room which is why I tend to pick the food up.)Let's call it an even draw for Pei Wei.
4	pf changes but faster, right?  decent prices and pretty good food.  not paying for the crowded atmostphere of course, but the food is really consistent so if you find something you like (which you probably will) it is a good consistent chow hole...
4	Finally tried Pei Wei and overall we were very pleased.  I ordered the Spicy Ramen Noodle bowl which was not overly spicy, and tasted good.  Others ordered the Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and several appetizers of egg roll, lettuce wraps, and edamame.  Everything was good.  You can also opt for brown rice instead of white rice for a healthier route.  What amused me a lot were the Touch Screen Soda machines that had many varieties carried by Coca-Cola.  It was pretty cool!Overall, good food, good service, okay prices.
4	Came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed--pretty popular place.Entirely satisfactory completely-Americanized Asian food. Clean, hot, and pretty good. The sesame chicken was good.
5	The veggie tofu coconut curry is fab. Ordered with extra shrimp and extra veggies and me and my sweetheart have the perfect meal. Thank you Maggie for ensuring that we had everything we wanted. The service was wonderful.
2	This location is always busy, usually order food to go. Always get teriyaki Tofu and it is hit or miss depending on the cooks that night. Customer service is the same way, some days your order is ready on time and correct and other days you wait 20 minutes past the pick up time for your food which turns out to be wrong anyways. Order from them less often than I would like to due to issues, Quick take out runs that turn into an hour long ordeal are never fun.
4	Very good Asian food.   I have eaten several of the entrees; all good and tasty.    Quick service; outside dinning;    If you have not tried Pei Wei I recommend you do; I think you will be surprised.
5	What exactly they put in their food that makes me love this place so much, I will never understand. It's simple, it's quick, it's yummy, and it's the same at every one of their locations. The people are nice, the place is clean and they have lots of locations. The portions are not giant, but more than you need at one meal. Prices are reasonable and everything is fresh.
4	A very cool concept of a new age Chinese food!!!!!
1	The  first  two  times  I  went  there  it  was  ok  but  yesterday  I  decided  not  to  come  back:  I  ordered  the  "Cashew nut  chicken"   and  what  I  got  where  chunks  of  deep  fried  chicken  fat  (the  stuff  that  i  usually  cut  off  and  give  to my  dogs),  no  white  meat,  just  disgusting  chicken  garbage.   Altogether  there  were  7  cashew nuts  on  my  plate  (yes,  I  counted  them).   When  i  received  my  dish  my  wife  had  already  finished  her  dish  because  they  did  not serve  our  dishes  at  the  same  time.   Nobody  came  to  ask  if  we  liked  the  food,  what  I  was  hoping  for,  instead  someone  threw  a  comments  card  onto  our  table.
4	Food is outstanding the nice thing is you get choices from different parts of Asia. The prices are reasonably with big portions. The Dan Dan noodles are a favorite the lettuce wraps are good too, fried rice is tasty. The one bad flaw of this location is that at certain times the goes outside the door which can be annoying.
3	I love all the options this place offers. It is Asian as in you can get Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese food. I bet I am leaving some country out, but you get the picture. The service is good. I think the atmosphere is fun and different. It is an up scale fast food. The price is good for the quality and portions. I got a coupon to try the Thai basil chicken for FREE and thought it was great. I would order this again and I think it may have been better than the ones I have had at an actual Thai restaurant. The machine for their drinks is really cool because it is touch screen, nice!
3	It is Pei Wei...there is not much to describe or tell.  The food is salty and oily, but that should be expected.  The price is good for what you get.  I like having the to-go option.
5	I've been eating at this joint for a while now. I just tried the Thai coconut curry once with noodles and chicken and it was spicy, i like spicy. Didn't like the noodles or chicken. The second time with rice and steak. Way better just not spicy enough. Love the honey seared chicken.
5	Love this place! I had a coupon for buy one entree get one free, but the bar code wasn't on my email & I couldn't get one to pull up on my phone. The manager took the meal off our bill anyway, even though we were going to eat there anyway. And the food was awesome as always.
4	When you think of the Asian culture what do you think about? For me it's the sweet, tangy, aroma of the unique dishes. When I got to the restaurant I decided I would begin by judging three main criteria's.  The three criteria's are the atmosphere, quality, and customer service. Personally a good atmosphere to me is a place that has a pleasant smell, relaxed feel, is clean, and has a theme. Pei Wei has a very distinct atmosphere. When I first walked toward the door I could already smell the spices that were being prepared inside. The music was on right when I got into the restaurant. I did not notice the song but it was very upbeat and entertaining to listen to. I was greeted at the cash register very politely. The restaurant was clean; the tables had napkins and plates on them ready for me to be used. As an Asian restaurant I expected the theme I saw. It was based off of the culture of china.             What I enjoy most at Pei Wei is a dish called Don Don Noodles (7.25). It is the same dish I always get when I dine at Pei Wei. I enjoy it because of the noodles and fresh sliced cucumbers added on the top of the meal to finish it off. My dish was full of different seasonings and well cooked.  Every bite was filled with flavor and after the first bite the rest taste even better.  Compared to Panda Expresses meal which offers an option of noodles and three sides of your choice (8.25), at Pei Wei the meal is all put together and sides are not offered with the meal. In a way this is a great idea because personally I enjoy eating one kind of meal and the sides sometimes become overwhelming.  Another dish I enjoy at Pei Wei is the lettuce wraps (6.25) which taste great as an appetizer before my main dish. The lettuce wraps are filled with taste and every bite is crunchy and is filled with chicken and seasoning. Many restaurants have the typical drinking fountain with only six or seven choices. However this particular Pei Wei had amazing drinking fountain, it was touch screen and had hundreds of types of choices to pick from.I feel that the quality of food is what brings people back to a restaurant. If the meal I order has an amazing taste I would come back to that place for either the same meal or to try a different meal. At Pei Wei the dishes are filled with color and creativity. Although I can understand the reason for decreasing the meal as times have changed, however my meal this time seemed to be a smaller portion than it used to be. It tasted and looked the same, but did not appear to be the same portion that I used to receive. Not many restaurants can really master the quality of Asian Cuisine; however Pei Wei does a marvelous job of not only keeping the traditions alive and incorporating all the other cultures into one. The main reason for dining at Pei Wei is because of the exceptional meals and the customer service. Personally for me those are two very important aspects of a restaurant.
4	This is usually my take out place of choice. It's quick, inexpensive, close, and delicious. I usually get the shrimp lo mein. Now I'll be honest, there are so many white and green onions that I smell like an onion for hours! But I still get it, it's so tasty! :-)It's a little too crowded and noisey for me to want to stay and eat if it's after 3pm. The fact that it is crowded is a good thing and says people like to eat their food, however, it's cramped and things are always being dropped and people are always pushing past your table.
4	always good food at great prices. Good music and enviroment. I enjoy seeing the chefs cook.
2	I was so disappointed the last time I came here. I ordered a vegetarian dish with fried tofu and had a piece of chicken in the dish.  The cooks need to be a little more aware and make sure nothing remains on the wok before they prepare the next meal. I would like to note to that it is not an issue because there is a dead chicken in my food but because if I eat meat I get a terrible tummy ache.  And no one wants a tummy ache.
4	We have never had a bad experience here, neither with food nor service. Yum! I highly recommend the Sea Bass, if you can afford a little extra.
5	I am addicted to this place!
1	I am usually very satisfied with my Pei Wei experience however today that was not the case.  To start with we noticed a sign to receive 20% off our order by signing up via facebook.  My wife signed up on her phone and received a code.  When we presented the code to the cashier she would not take it and said we needed a bar code, strike one.  When we received our food the vegetables were severely under-cooked, strike two.  Then when tasting the two spicy dishes we ordered they were sweet and not spicy at all, strike three.  I am very dissatisfied with my experience and am very doubtful to return.  Most coupons can be redeemed from mobile devices these days.  It is better for the environment, cmon Pei Wei, get on board!
4	Great food
4	The food is consistently good, the portions are large and staff are always friendly. The Spicy Chicken and Kung Pow are some of my favorites. I typically prefer hole-in-the-wall Asian spots but this is a safe bet.
1	We normally love Pei Wei but yesterday when we went we ordered our normal order of chicken fried rice and pot stickers. When we got our fried rice there was a hair at least 4" long weaves through the rice. So disgusting, I took the plate over to a server standing next to the manager and tried to get the managers' attention (he ignored me) so I pulled the hair out of the rice and showed the the server. She took the plate from me not saying a word and followed me back to our table to pick up the bowl and took it back to the kitchen. I had to ask her a few minutes later if they were remaking it an she nodded yes. The manager never came over to our table and seemed to hide in the back until his shift ended. One of our favorite restaurants and we will not be visiting for awhile!
1	I moved away for a year, and looked forward to eating here, but was disappointed, I'm wondering if the have changed ownership or are cutting corners??
2	You've failed me three times too many Pei Wei.I used to crave your Thai Dynamite. The formerly juicy delight was dry with little to no sauce at all. The once crispy chicken had random bites where the breading was a mess of powdery and damp as if it weren't fully cooked.I don't know what has happened over the years but the steady decline in quality really saddens me.The one saving grace this last time was that the rice was at least cooked properly. I don't know if it's a California Pei Wei thing to over/under cook the rice, but at least they can do it right in Arizona (which is very surprising...). But is it really a victory if you have moved up to mediocre?As a side note I should have known something was awry when the person taking my order corrected my order and told me it was 'thigh' Dynamite. Maybe she was warning me.
5	Love Pei Wei.  Always busy though.  Pei Wei spicy chicken with white rice. . .delicious.
2	Not what I expected.  Food was good, but nothing special.  Portions seemed small.  I really did not expect the stand in line to place your order, go find a seat and wait for someone to bring your food, and then you never get spoken to again. Reminds me of McDonalds.  We got Thai Dynamite, which sounds spicy, but was bland, and sesame chicken, which was so so.While we were there, we saw someone spill a large amount of salt or sugar on the floor right by a door.  Saw a server going out the door about fall, and then 4 employees walk by it before it got cleaned up around 5-10 minutes later.  Lawsuit waiting to happen.Don't think we'll go back :(
3	The food here was ok, maybe just a touch better than Panda Express or similar fare, but not great. I guess if you're looking a slightly fresher alternative to Panda Express, this would be it.
4	You can never go wrong with this place, the food is fresh and no matter the location, it always tastes the same. I have been a customer for the past 8 years and I'm always happy. Once in a while you'll get the new cook that somehow messes up the dish, but they are always fast to make up for it. Great service and good food served fast. I might add that some dishes are better here than in PF Changs!
5	I love Pei Wei and the Dana Park location is great!  They have a few menu items for vegetarians so it's always a good place to go with a group.  It's super easy to go online and order take out - the pickup counter never has a line. The only thing I don't like about this restaurant is the noise factor.  It is always very loud!  For that reason I usually sit outside, but sometimes it's just too hot.
3	I wasn't sure how many stars to rate my experience at this Pei Wei yesterday. The food my boyfriend and I ordered tasted good (Kung-Pao Chicken & Coconut Curry Chicken), but there were some issues.First off, when I go out to eat, I try to stick to drinking water. Not because I'm cheap, but because it's healthier (and the amount of Splenda I require for iced tea is pretty ridiculous). So when the order-taker girl asked if I wanted a drink, I requested just a cup for water. I was surprised when I was given a full-sized paper cup, usually it's a tiny plastic thing. Ok, well that's cool, whatever. So when my boyfriend asked for a water cup as well, she said "No, I can't.". I couldn't believe it! My boyfriend looked at me in disbelief as we walked off, but I was kind of tempted to make a bit of a scene. Like, "What do you mean, 'No, I can't'? Are you telling me I have to SHARE a cup with this guy and get his cooties???"   Lol... anyway...So yeah, that was pretty bizarre to me, and needless to say, we had to refill our ONE water cup at least five times.So I was maybe 1/3 of the way through my Coconut Chicken Curry and I spotted a hair. Just great. I pulled it out and inspected it. Long, thin, light brown hair, maybe  6". I have long, dark brown (almost black) hair, so not mine, but the fact that it was completely buried in the food erased any doubts that I may have had about that. I took it and my plate up to the order-taker girl and showed her the hair. She said, "Oh, ok.", took the plate from me and walked off. I returned to my table, not 100% sure about what was going to be done. The manager (I'm assuming) finally came by and asked if I wanted a remake. Well, yes I did. I was also offered my money back on the meal, which was the proper way to handle this situation. I wasn't mad, it happens. My hair finds its way all over my house, so I can't really judge too hard on that. I was more annoyed with the order-taker girl and her lack of customer service skills.So would I eat here again? Yeah, I probably would someday, if I had a coupon.
2	Well Pei Wei in itself is awesome.. I enjoy the food. This review is for this particular location ONLY. My boyfriend and I eat Pei Wei 2-4 times a month. I live about a mile and a half away from the Dana Park location. We do take out every time and every time I get the same thing, orange peel steak. I do not like rice (yes, I know, I know) so I always order mine on the side and give it to someone else. So basically one time I picked up the order, rice was on the side but when I got home I noticed they must have messed up and initially mixed it with the meal because I had rice with my steak, but they scraped off as much as possible. I let it go, I was too lazy to get dressed, grab my keys and head out. Well it happened a second time and the more I thought about someone sitting there scraping rice off my food the more pissed I got. The manager was there, I told her what had happened and that this was the second occasion for this. She had them remake the steak and sent me on my merry little way. It is not my style to be rude when someone messes up but geez offer me a soda when I am sitting there, throw in a 20 percent off coupon for the next order, or comp the entree you messed up! I am not one who is looking for freebies or else I would have taken my food back the first time this happened. The managers non-apologetic, blah-zeh attitude about THEIR mistake left me with a bad taste. I will be traveling 3 miles out of my way to the other location from now on.
4	Always enjoy eating here.
2	So my wife and I were are on a typical date night and craving Pei Wei so we decided to head on down to the Dana Park location. We entered knowing that Saturday night is a busy night for them so we were planning on a wait. At first everything seemed fine and then we ordered and I got a feeling that the girl who took our order just didn't care about anything just wanted us to hurry the heck up. She didn't welcome us or even make eye contact. Then we went to sit and couldn't find a clean table outside so we had settled for the one that was the easiest for us to clean. The customer service must have been just out the window for them tonight. Then we received the food extremely fast, all at once. We ordered lettuce wraps, chicken fried rice, orange peel chicken, and Kung pow chicken. The lettuce wraps were really good but shorted on some wraps so off to a ok start. Then we started with the Kung pow which tasted burnt or "like they made it with their butt" as my wife says. The orange peel was okay not good...just okay. The white rice on both entries was hard and felt like it sat around for a while before being served to us. Then last but not least the chicken fried rice, which was good. I wish all of the entrees were as good as this.  I hope they improve the customer service on the weekend. I know that it is busy but would it kill your servers to be happy and at least pay a little attention to the customers? As a customer I know it's going to take longer for food to come out and I wish our food would have took longer to be served because I know if it had came out a little slower the cooks would have put a little more heart and pride into what they are cooking rather than just shoveling crap out. I guess we will have to try this place in another 6 months. Maybe. (Just cause the fried rice was good)
2	Busy night here. Went in the front door and waited about 15 mins in line to order. Then found out we has to wait in a different line to actually since our order was to go. Another 10 mins waiting in that line before we could order.  I can see where this model would be better than the normal pick-up only window, but they definitely don't display it well. The food is usually good so I'll update the review after we eat.
5	Best Pei Wei I go to. I order a weird meal, and they always get everything right. My fried rice has chicken, beef, and shrimp. Most other Pei Wei's charge extra for "extra protein" and there is far too much in the bowl. This one rings it up at the same price and splits the meat into thirds so you are not getting a bowl of meat. Service is always great, lines are long (because its good), we will keep on coming back again and again.
4	P.F. Changs but fast-casual. The orange chicken is a stand by that we enjoy, we like to sub out the white rice for the fried rice. The wonton soup is great. Love the lettuce wraps.This location can get very, very busy. The take out counter can get slammed and you have to help them find your order :) sometimes the pickup time can be an hour after your order on busy weekend nights so plan ahead.Dana Park's parking can also get very busy, Pei Wei has a nice amount of reserved parking for take out orders which is very convenient.
2	Customer service when taking my order was good- the gentlemen behind the counter was attentive. The food on the other hand- The tofu in our dish was grouped into clusters and burnt! Upon explaining & showing this to the cashier, we were given a refund but NO apology. They're so busy that quality seems to have gone out the window. 2 stars. Very disappointed.
4	Cannot request level of spiciness of the pad Thai when ordering online. I wanted no spicy but it wasnt too bad anyway. I can deal w a little spice.
2	I have to give this place 2 stars solely based on my most recent visit. Normally, I get the orange peel chicken and it has always been good! Recently I've been on a tofu kick so I decided to give the tofu here a try instead of chicken. BAD CHOICE!!! The tofu came out in thin little burnt strips. I also tried the hot and sour soup which was also a disappointment.
5	Great take out. Wide variety of things on menus. Will work with you on what ever you like.
5	Great Mongolian chicken or beef. We also get the honey seared chicken. The wonton soup and lettuce wraps are a great start.
4	Great food. I love how they are expanding their menu to become more vertical in the different Asian cuisines. Great service as well!
3	So, I've heard a lot of good things about this place and since I've lived near Dana Park for the past few years, I decided to try it. My food was good. It wasn't worth what I paid for it, but it was good. It was my first time and I was expecting a sit-down place from all the hype and I wasn't sure how to order. I explained that it was my first time to the woman behind the counter and she was a rude idiot. I was not pleased with the customer service at all. A woman was hovering over me so she could take my plate when I wasn't even done eating. I will probably not be back. I can go to Panda Express and have mediocre and overpriced Chinese food without a terrible dining experience.
2	I would not recommend this place to vegetarians. I've tried it more than once just to be sure, but even with their vegetarian options I get sick every time. There is not much in terms of their "vegetable" choices. All starch basically. Their food could also taste a little better. Basically it's the same meal, just different sauces. The customer service was okay. I do appreciate how clean the place is though. They do a great job keeping the place from looking disgusting and they are one of the cleanest places I've been to for quick food. Their prices could be slightly lower for what they offer, especially since most of the meal is rice. The music in the place is loud and that can get tiring, but if you sit outside or in a corner it is a little better. I would recommend this place for people who eat meat and do not know the taste of authentic food from Thailand, China, Japan, etc. This will be the last time I go here, I'm tired of getting really sick.
4	Not sure why I waited 5 years to eat here living nearby the whole time but had a great lunch! Pei wei spicy chicken w peepods carrots and white rice lunch size with a drink for less than $10. I like that I can actually tell I'm eating white meat chicken! Very fresh and tasty but next time I will go for extra spicy option, although very flavorful the chicken was barely spicy. From what I saw at other tables, I'll be coming back to try more!
2	Veggies not cooked and my bowl was watery. This was my first time at this restaurant and i think my last. Food was not great and the store was kinda dirty and needed a good sweeping. The only ok thing was my sushi and even that was border line ok. Good alternative to panda express in my eyes.
4	Great place to go if you want some Kung Pao chicken with noodles or veggies or even some spicy tuna rolls. What's nice is you can create your own dish with several meat options, various seasonings, rice or noodles, pretty much any way you like it. Casual atmosphere, self serve soda machines with just about any combo of soft drink you could want.
3	You know how everyone has that friend who says they LOVE Mexican food and when you ask what their favorite kind of Mexican food is, they say it's a toss-up between the Crunchwrap Supreme and Cinna-twists? These are the same people who like Pei Wei. Pei Wei is Asian food for people who hate Asian food but don't know they hate Asian food because they've literally never had Asian food except for Pei Wei. Even Panda Express is more authentic than Pei Wei. Man, Pei Wei is just so bad. I've been to Pei Wei before. I am never expecting authentic Asian food (I'm not a fool), but I am disappointed EVERY TIME I GO. Their menu just looks so enticing, and then you get the food and it's SO bland and boring EVERY SINGLE TIME. That's why they get 3 stars. Maybe I was exaggerating a bit before when I said they were "so bad", because they're not BAD-bad in the sense that their food sucks. They're just regular-bad in the sense that their food is NOT GOOD... EVER. I went there on 8/20/14 and ordered the Korean steak lettuce wraps and their new Mango California Rolls. I'm not usually a California roll type of girl, but they looked pretty good in the picture on the wall and I thought the mango-spin sounded like it had potential. I am like 95% positive the "Korean Steak" was ground beef with teriyaki sauce. Like, I'm pretty sure they just use the same teriyaki sauce on everything. I don't know how they're differentiating their "Korean" style foods from their Thai/Japanese/Chinese foods, but then I realized.. wait, they just call it "Korean" because they're like, "Well, we already listed four other things as Thai and six other things as Japanese, so this one can just be 'Korean'. Yeah, that sounds good!"I had four pieces of the Mango California Roll, only one of which had a sliver of mango in it. Meh, whatever. I was cool with it because turns out you can't taste the mango in it anyway. I absolutely do not recommend using the dipping sauce they give you with it though. Like, not even because I'm prejudice against Pei Wei. It was legitimately bad, like they need to stop serving it immediately. It was some weird Minute Maid orange juice, vinegar, soy sauce mixture and it was horrible. Did I get the recipe right though? Can someone who works at Pei Wei comment on this? I am pretty sure I'm at least close. Don't even try it!
5	Try the Orange Peel Beef , and Add some of the delicious Hot Sauce they have for condiments! A Must have at PEI WEI .
1	Terrible food and experience.  Waited over 25 mins for frozen lettuce wraps, I was using a fork to put the chicken into the lettuce and a large chunk fell off my fork, I split it open and it was ice cold, because they are frozen, NOT FRESH.  We ordered Mongolian beef, Mongolian -x-chix no rice and honey seared on white, pretty easy stuff.  The Mongolian came out just chicken on a plate.  The manager was not wearing a name tag, giving people there money back because it was taking so long, he could not control the employees, who by the way were drinking out of uncovered cups, yelling at each other....I could go on an on but.....save your time and money go somewhere else...
1	Remodel is not good at the Mesa location (Val Vista and Baseline). Seating is very tight (probably to get more people packed in).  Food seems different too. Disappointed as this used to be one of our regular places to frequent but doubt we will be back now.
1	I absolutely love Pei Wei, but this location's food does not live up to the quality of other ones. The rice was mushy, the honey seared chicken was soggy and bland, the Thai dynamite chicken tasted like nothing but a hint of lime, and the crab puffs were just weird. These are all the normal things I order and always love, but not from this one.
4	Today's meal was fantastic. I had the Kung Pao chicken. The wife had Sweet and Sour chicken. Very fresh and flavorful! We always have a good meal here. The remodel of the dining room is great. four stars!
