3	My mom gets a bigger kick out of this place than I do. It seemed to specialize in upholstery, and the walls are lined with swatches. I did like that the woman allowed me to take mini-swatches off of the wall, but I didn't wind up finding any fabrics that worked for my projects. I'll definitely try back here.
5	best fabric store ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I don't know what it is about Tempe Sales, but how can you not love them? it is primarily a fabric store, and they may or may not have all kinds of other random stuff, like carved wooden chairs, stone tabletops, bamboo flooring (sadly no longer in stock), slate tiles, and so on.However, I would say that it's not merely the random selection of home decorating supplies and upholstery tools/materials that makes Tempe Sales great. It's the family-run vibe that you get from them. On one trip, to pick up several cases of flooring material, I had to go with the owner Alan to his warehouse down the street. In light of buying as much as I did and helping pull it from the warehouse, he threw in plenty of sublayment material for free (otherwise on closeout). The staff (many of whom are part of the family) have also helped me reupholster furniture and work on plenty of other odd jobs. There is no shame in being an amateur at Tempe Sales, even though it is primarily geared toward professionals.If you're in the market for fabric, please do yourself a favor and check it out. I bet that you will return soon thereafter just to browse around some more. The only downsides that come to mind also make the experience more interesting -- stock levels are not always reliable and parts of the store have historically been disorganized (much better now than in the past), but my experience may be skewed since I gravitate toward closeout deals.
5	The outside isn't much to look at, but there's a LOT to look at on the inside.  This is the ultimate in upholstery supply.  You could go many places to buy a chair, but here you can get the pieces and make a custom one yourself.  Want to redo your car seats?  If you have the know how, they got all the tools and materials you need to DIY.  They even have seatbelt substrate.  Did a strap on your kid's backpack rip?  Think it's time to buy a new backpack?  No.  If you have a surger, they have replacement straps.Aisles and aisles of vinyl and cloth of different thicknesses, designs, and colors can be found here--often for prices that put Joann's to shame.Worth a visit to come and browse.  Service is friendly, and you never know what you are going to find.
3	Staff was helpful.  I was overwhelmed.  But the fabric rocked and that's what counts!
5	Quick Question, What are your hours of operation?? I need some fabric and have a tight schedule, therefore I must plan ahead.Thank you!
4	Open M - F 9-6pm Closed Sundays. Seems like a good place for upholstery fabric and supplies. It is great that they have a $1/yard section though at the moment it is sorely lacking. I'm more into sewing but it is nice to look through for random items at great prices. I've picked up 1/4" elastic by the yard and today I bought pillow forms for $5 ea. Not the most customer service oriented or the friendliest staff but certainly not rude. My kind of place when I just want to pop in to poke around. Its worth stopping by.
3	It needs to be said that this place sells a ton of upholstery fabric, heavy duty outdoor or auto fabric, and lots of related notions. This is not the place to come if you're burned out on Jo-Ann or too lazy to drive there. I know because I tried. This isn't a quilting or fashion fabric shop, but it's amazing for what it is.They have a huge selection at really great prices, but shoppers should be prepared to sort through a sea of fabric bolts and look at lots of swatches. This place is kind of amazing in terms of the quantity of material available, and it can be overwhelming! It's also super dusty, so if that bugs you, head elsewhere.
5	My parents been going here since the early 90's for home upholstery fabric and supplies, now I go here for the automotive upholstery supply needs. this is a great place for great deals and awesome customer service.
4	Came here once, at like 15 mins til closing and they were pretty patient with me and let me pick out the upholstery samples that were 50 cents each! I used them to make pillows.I didn't have time to explore any further but I'm sure it's a great spot to get home materials.
1	I'm sorry, but this place needs some retraining of there employees. I was there Saturday to buy some vinyl and foam to redo my bike seat. I had several questions I wanted answered because this is my first time doing this type of thing. Every, and I mean every question I asked I got, "I don't know.....I don't know.....I don't know."        The guy showed me some foam that he said was high density and of course wasn't even close. Now, this is foam and vinyl not brain surgery. Is it really that hard to learn a few things about the product your trying to sell? I guess for this guy it was.         If the owner reads this please train your employees. Know the product your selling. This is business 101. I won't be back.
5	While it may be true that the staff may not be as helpful as they should be. There is no place like this place and I thank God it has hung on so long. They are essential to anyone who does any kind of upholstering.
5	Everyone here rules so much and they have tons of awesome fabrics, foam, zippers, buckles, etc
