5	Just like being in Belgium. This pub is fantastic. Upscale and in one of the most affluent areas in Las Vegas. A must!
3	food was ok. not many, if any irish fares on the menu. bangers and mash - nope. that was the only disappointing thing. friendly service and reasonable pricing.
1	I dont want to rate a place 1 star but just couldnt find anything positive for the extra star. place is crazy smoky and they serve food. I would have givin the food a try but bartender didnt come over to acknowledge us for about 5 minutes. Thats a crazy long time if a bar is slow. He was hanging with another guest or friend on the other side of the bar. Main reason for 1 star was the cook going behind the bar then as he went back in the kitchen he started to pick his nose. that pretty much ended the visit.
4	Ate here once ... I'll be back with bf and friendsHad the burger with onion rings [Jenny??] The meat was fresh. Ate it and the veggies with a fork, kind of a burger salad. Fries were crisp.The potato skins were good too. Leftovers fed me for 2 more meals ... I try to stretch out those delish carbs.My server was great, too
1	So disappointed in Molly Malones now, they chose to go with smokers and not allow anyone under the age of 21. We will NOT go back, this was so rude to learn that smoking and gambling overrules people enjoying their evenings.
4	Ventured off to the pub you can see from the freeway... but never knew how you got there, as it's at an awkward spot away from any convenient exit ramps.  Definitely would consider this a neighborhood bar/ restaurant.  Had the standard Fish n' Chips and Ice-Cold Guinness.. can't really go wrong with there.. the 4 stars is more for the cozy intricate decor and our personable server.  I would drop-in if you're looking for something "Irish."
1	Food is usually very good but service continues to be very poor.  Was there this morning.  Only one waitress.  Waited a few minutes to be greeted by bus boy.  Another family came in after us by a couple minutes with 5 people.  There order was put in before ours, they got their food before ours and they got their check before us and left before we got out check by about 10 minutes.  Should have been in and out in about half hour but took us about an hour.  Very poor service.
3	I went here to use a Groupon and had a couple of beers and a burger.  Right off the bat the bartender mispronounced Smithwicks.  Not a great sign.  The beer was cold and the service was friendly so I really can't complain.  Good neighborhood place in Southern Highlands.The burger was an average bar burger, but was large enough to take half home for later.  If I lived closer I would go back for sure.
4	Great Food and friendly atmosphere.  Have a nice menu with lots of choices - sandwiches, salads, steaks, etc....had fish & chips which was excellent.  Lots of regulars playing video poker at the bar.  Music selection was outstanding, 90's alternative and 80's Rock!  Great bartenders and service!
5	Unique bar/restaurant with great food and great service!  One of the best Reuben sandwiches I have ever definitely a hidden gem of Southern Highlands!  I live right around the corner and didn't even know this place existed but now that I do, I will definitely be back!  Only down side:  It's a Chargers bar and I am a Broncos fan!  :(
1	My only problem really with this place is that they allow smoking.  This place reeks and who want's to be breathing in second hand smoke? I know this is Nevada but it's not 1940, nobody wants to be breathing in second hand smoke.I think the food and service here is above average but I will not be back here to subject my family to this carcinogenic environment.Boycott this place till they make the smokers go outside to smoke.  How hard is this? Too lazy to go outside to smoke so you subject all the others to your nasty, harmful habit?Get your act together Molly Malones unless you just want to keep catering to degenerates that buy a few beers and play VP.  We won't be back until we hear otherwise!
1	GORDON RAMSEY TO THE RESCUE......PLEASE!This place needs help (if they want to stay in business much longer)!  Mostly it's because the service is so BAD!  It was our first visit (and definitely our last) and we were the only ones dining!  There were 3 people at the bar.  The food was mediocre at best but a family came in and they sat at the table and the waitress never came over.  They ended up grabbing the menus on their own.  Molly Malone's STINKS!
5	Love this place. Good location. Amazing food, fish n chips  paired with potato cheese soup . We are happy. Sat at the bar with Damian, who made us laugh too much ,.our cheeks hurt. Nice to have good food and good service. Defiantly plan on being "regular" status here. Did we forget to mention GUINNESS ? perfect pint !
3	Came to Molly's for Mothers Day and was really excited to have my meal on the house! Really cool but I ordered the BBLTA and its supposed to be extra bacon and all that other stuff well instead I get 3 pieces of Rye bread 3 slices of bacon and tons of lettuce tomatoes and avocado! Geeez If I woulda known that I would have ordered a burger!
4	We came here late last night on a last minute invite for some drinks. What started out as a quick drop-by turned into a fun finale to Labor Day weekend thanks to the bartender Damian (or however he spells his name). Even though it was our first time in there, he treated us like we were regulars. Generous pours, delicious COCKtails (I had a "Cock In Every Hole"), unexpected top-ups, and extra shots combined to make the trip down to Southern Highlands completely worth it.
1	This time our experience got more  terrible then the last experience and each  time we  say we will give this place another try and its the same.......  We love the fried Pickles, but the real crapy service is now not wroth the 25 minute wait for drinks, take our order and the 30 minute wait for our check every time!The owner must have his head 10feet deep in the sand, because while we were there this past time three tables walked out without paying and one with out even ordering after sitting there for 30 minutes........  Wake up and start giving us some service or the you going to lose customers forever!You can only get better!
2	Food is good but the service is horrible.Second time our group went here for happy hour (we are talking aboout 15 people here), Both times the service is incredibly slow, the running joke became if you wanted something to drink then you had better order 2 because it would take the waitress that long to return.  General consensus, good food, worst service ever.
5	I love Molly Malone's! My husband and I have come here for dinner a few times now. We ordered beer on our last visit. I wasn't sure about a particular beer, and the amazing waitress brought me a sample. Thankfully she did because I didn't like it. The food is stellar. When you come, get the pretzel bread. I would sell my left arm for a lifetime supply of it! My only gripe would be it is a little on the pricy side, but the service and food make it worth while. It's very casual and comfortable, unlike other Irish pubs I've been to.
5	Fun and always friendly atmosphere. The food always hits the spot. My wife and I love to come here for breakfast and eat on the patio.
5	I love this place. I'm here almost every other week with my friends. It's a very chill. The staff is very friendly and it feels like home. Happy hour is the best time to come b/c you can't beat cheap food (that's good mind you) and cheap booze, but everything on the menu is delish as well; the best Shepard's Pie I've ever had and you have got to try the Potato Cheese Soup in a bread bowl! The atmosphere and decor is very authentic to the Irish culture. I highly recommend coming here on St. Patrick's Day and just any other day in that fact. Yay for Molly Malone's :D
4	Really cool place to hang out and relax. Food is delicious and plentiful. More than enough for two to share. Must try the Irish Cream Bread Pudding! Sinfully rich.
5	We visit Molly Malones a couple of times a month for breakfast or for happy hour. Service has always been great, food is good. Especially breakfast! Definitely recommend !
5	I have passed this place so many times and tonight was the night to check it out. I'm so glad I did! Most places that serve breakfast 24/7 are usually questionable at best. The food was awesome! The potato pancakes were some of the best I've ever had! Quick, friendly service, large portions, oh and the potato cheese soup was pretty good too. I will most definitely come back. I didn't come here to drink my worries away but if I had, it would have been pretty easy to do because their beer specials were pretty cheap especially during any football game.
1	I really want to like this place!  It's close to where I live.  Food always takes for ever and the girls working are slow....  I mean REALLY SLOW!    The Food is not bad once you get it, it just take way too long.......    I going to give up on this place.....
1	This place is terrible. The customer service was absolutely the worst I've experienced in a long time. The people in the booth next to us shot a rubber band at us while eating and the waitress, Stephanie, laughed about it. I will NEVER come back to this place again. The food was decent, minus the fact that it took forever to get it and even longer to get the check.
5	Ok so the truth is im here alot more than i like to admit. I come in the weee early hours that is graveyard to test my luck at some keno. The food here is delicious and of the bar pub variety.If you love french fries you must try the fries here.  They have their spin on a loaded fries dish. The philly cheesesteak fries or taney mack fries are not to be missed. The first of the two is just like it sounds, golden french fries loaded with bits of caramelized onions and cheesesteak topped with a gooey cheese sauce. The second is an irish spin on the cheesesteak fries, using corned beef and cabbage instead,  arguably just as good. Definitely come try both and decide for yourself.
4	Quaint little Irish Pub. I really like the potato soup. I just wish they had some better selections on the menu.
1	The owner is always there gambling. He was pissed off I hit a royal. I tipped $100 and was then charged $15 for food. When I asked very nicely why it wasn't complimentary he called me an a**hole. Maybe he could treat his customers better if there wasn't so many of his free loading friends coming in. Btw I've been going there for years and this was the first time he ever spoke to me.
3	It's close, it's convenient. Besides that it nothing special. I referring to the restaurant side in this review. I have been on the bar side side and had lots of fun , most likely due to the friends in attendance. Back to the restaurant side, the food is average and service is about the same. If you're hungry and close by, they will serve your purpose. However it you're in Southern Highlands and don't mind traveling a bit you can probably find many superior options.
1	Your website says 'good for kids'.  Stopped by for lunch on Saturday with wife and young son.  Server quickly met us at door to advise it is a 21 & older establishment.  We left disappointed and won't be back.  Perhaps you should update your website so you don't waste people's time.
4	Best bar food something different potato bread bowl soup is a must! Great atmosphere..... I sure hope nothing happens to this place hidden gem! Shuffle board
2	Only reason this place is getting two stars is because the food was pretty decent. They had no server, so the bartender had to serve us. I get that it was late at night, but she was rude for no reason. I didn't get her name but she was a blonde lady. Anyhow, she never checked on our table and we did not get any refills, I guess she expected us to come up to the bar and ask her. She gave us our food and that was it. We would even say thank you and she would just nod her head, haha. You can respond with "you're welcome". And there were literally only 5 people in the place so there was no reason for her not check on us. Probably won't go back, I don't really see this place lasting too long after seeing all the terrible reviews about the service. Do not go here if you don't have to!!!!!!!!!
5	All star service! Seriously, Tommy knocks it outta the park. The decor is similar to SEAN Patricks and the food is the same as there. What does that mean? Good eats. Pricing is insanely good. I'm talking about heaping amounts of steak on fries with white cheddar sauce for $7.99. Ok, you won my heart.Thanks for the good times! Will return!
4	My boyfriend and I come here all the time and sometimes we get good service we had Taylor she is by far the best server we have had there I love their breakfast here their dinner menu is ok they changed some stuff like instead of fresh veggies they use canned I was disappointed when I ordered the lemon chicken.
5	Stoped by to watch world cup gameJordan was our serverFood and service was excellentThe lobster bisque outstanding loved the pretzel bread. will be back !
2	I really wanted to like this place. It did have a great Irish pub decor, so that excited me at first. We came here on a Friday at 3:00pm for happy hour. The place was fairly empty; there were a couple groups in the restaurant area and a couple in the bar. It was a while before we saw a waitress. When she came to our table we asked her about the happy hour specials. She seemed a little frazzled, she said she couldn't find it but said they had beer and it's happy hour. What? What does that mean? My brother ordered a whiskey and coke and I was still deciding. Later she came back and said she had found the happy hour menu. She apologized and said she had only worked there a couple months and Pts was buying it. So I guess she wasn't interested in learning their menu even though she was the only waitress working. She brought us waters and then it was a while before we saw her again. It was a good 15 minutes before my brother got his drink and we saw the waitress pick it up at the bar where it had been sitting since he ordered it, getting watered down. We then ordered food and I ordered a hard cider. I can't remember what brand it was but I asked for it by its full name. The waitress looked at me confused and wanted to see the menu even though it's the only cider they serve. The food was pretty decent and at a good value.  I ordered the fish tacos they had on lunch special for $6.95. They were very good and I would get them again. My brother got chicken nachos that were on happy hour for $5 and they were huge. He said that they were ok but didn't like that they used the fake processed cheese mixed in with shredded cheese. After we had finished the waitress came back and started clearing our dishes. She asked me if I was still drinking my water, I said yes and then she took my glass of cider that still had an inch of cider in it. I couldn't believe it. I enjoyed the food but I wouldn't come back because of the service and I guess it's changing to a PTs.Their happy hour specials are domestic drafts for $3, imported drafts for $4, house glasses of wine for $3, and select appetizers for $5
2	We recently moved within stumbling distance of this pub. As it is the only bar within walking distance, I really wanted it to be good. We came on a busy-ish night where most of the bar was full. We still found a place at the bar and asked the bartender for a menu. We waited and waited and played some video poker to waste some time. Ten minutes later she brought the menu. This is when we asked to sign up for their players club card since we figured we would be coming back a lot. She seemed almost offended that we would ask such a thing and said no, it was too busy. So we ordered drinks and bar food. Again, took a while (about 35 minutes). The food not bad and she didn't charge us for the beers since we were playing. In the case that we just came to the bar on an off night, we might try one more time. However, the last time left us feeling very unwelcome and as if we were inconveniencing them with out patronage. We came another day and ate in the restaurant. The service was okay, but the food itself was over priced for what it was. We wouldn't return for a meal (with the exception of breakfast food maybe).
3	This place was alright
1	I use to eat here at least once a week for the last 5 years because I loved it. WeAlways had great service and everything was wonderful. My family would even celebrate our birthdays here and take up the whole big room but it's so sad now that they are losing a wide variety of their customers because you now have to be 21 to enter. If your over 21 I do recommend you try this place before it turns into a PT's.. We all know that that's going to be once they change it!!
4	Sooooo sad ! Drove up to get my favorite salad with the best pretzel rolls only to be met by a guy telling us that they are closed down. Never had anything bad here. He told us that they will be opening up under a new name in about 30 days. Please, please keep those wonderful pretzels rolls and my beloved buffalo chicken salad, Guinness too,
1	Now called Sean Patricks. What can I say... Unfortunately horrible food... Very disappointed. This picture is a pic of what was suppose to be nachos..... Canned refried beans, Jar salsa, and packaged store bought guacamole. Im used to freshly made salsa and guacamole on my nachos.  Poor slow service, shepherds pie was NOT your traditional Irish pie. It wasn't even BAKED ON TOP!  Fries taste like they were fried in old oil. Almost like a mcdonalds fry. It's sad because this place just had a new make over, new service and new owners. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
