5	I had my wedding dress altered last November about a month before my wedding.  The owner was very kind and went throughly over on how I wanted my dress to be altered.  I like how there was an option to pay in parts or in full.  I wasn't in a rush to have my dress altered, so it took her about two weeks.  During my wedding, my dress stayed in tact (I moved a lot!).  If you got your dress from major retailers like David's Bridal or Alfred Angelo's and want to save money when getting your gown altered, I recommend going to Best Alterations instead!  The owner will offer a more reasonable deal than the tailors who work at those major retailers.
5	Best Alterations was recommended to us by a department store tailor since we needed someone who was more skilled at altering and reconstructing a dress shirt. Pretty convenient  that it was also located in Galleria Mall.I've worked with a personal tailor and dealt with many custom party dresses and custom dancewear in the past, so my expectations are high. I was impressed and pleased with the work Jessica did. The measurements were accurate, the seams and hems were clean. The finished dress shirt was a perfect fit.She was really sweet and easy to work with. The prices she charges are in line and in my opinion a lot more affordable if you need alterations for formal or evening wear. Turnaround time for alterations I've had done here have been one week. Never needed a rush job but there is a sign that says they charge extra if she accepts the job.Since some things are a tad long or loose on me, I come here now since I know that I can get it fitted right. Saves me time too with this tailor being right in the mall. Just take note that the hours of operation are different from the mall hours.
1	I'm crying right now, because they destroyed my dress. They cut too much material and left wholes on it... how it could be possible... When I said that it's not what I asked, the Asian lady said, that it's a hard material to work with. It's not an excuse! If it's a hard material to work with, then why do you take to do a job??? I'm so disappointed, there is no way to fix it :((((((
