5	Wow! I am the first to rate these guys! First of all, they are so friendly, and really appreciate your business.  They are thorough, and make sure to get every nook and cranny in your home.  I had them take care of a pigeon problem on my roof, and they were very knowledgable and professional with their service.  They cleaned everything up, and got the job done quickly and didn't take all my money while doing it!  They have been to my home twice to spray for pests, and I will continue to use them as my pest control company.  If you have pests these are the guys to go to!
5	My husband was stung by a scorpion in my infant son's room and that was the last straw for me. I had made the mistake of using several companies (nationwide chains) before Stop Buggn and none of them solved our scorpion issues.  I really wish I would have come across them first because I would not had to look any further. Stop Buggn is a local Las Vegas small business run by 3 brothers who were born and raised here.  When I told them of our scorpion issues, they didn't just show up and spray chemicals.  Instead, they thoroughly inspected the house (inside and out) to find possible points of entry.  They re-calked the porch and replaced the stripping on the doors. They placed sticky traps by our garage doors.  No detail was overlooked.  Contracts aren't required, and they are available 24 hours/day for service calls. Not only are they a local business, they are much cheaper than their competitors! The guys are so professional, knowledgable, and respectful.  They are the same guys that come every visit and they truly take pride in their work.  It is their business, their pride and joy, so they actually care about keeping their customers happy, and in our case, safe.
5	Ten stars actually, all gold !  After indescribable stress and damage caused by an unwelcome rat in our house for two weeks, which had continued to evade trapping or capture, I luckily came across this company of Devon and Brendan's, and soon after Brendan first entering my home the rat was caught, and we finally got our house back.  After unsuccessfully trying all kinds of tactics, and another large pest control company, Devon immediately made me feel better about our nightmare soon being over after just a few words on the phone.  He was so reassuring, which his brother Brendon followed up with when he arrived to take care of the rat, stating, I will get this rat for you come what may, ... and indeed, quite possibly the smartest rat ever known was soon gone, .  I highly recommend this company to anyone needing professional help with specifically rat problems, and likely any other pest problems you may have, judging by how they handled my case.  Thanks so much guys, words aren't really adequate though to express how grateful I am to you now that I no longer have the word 'rat' pounding inside my head.  Anyone reading this with a rat or pest problem, don't hesitate one more moment to call for their expert help.
5	Today I was eating lunch and saw a cockroach in my living room. I decided that was it. I called up stop buggin and spoke to Carlos who was very nice. He asked me what my problems were and I said cockroaches, spiders, and ants. He informed me what the initial service was. Spraying all of the outside, backyard, inside, and window sills. Luckily for me, they were able to come out later this afternoon! Holy god did he spray!! Everything in the back yard started dying immediately. There's probably about 40 dead bugs out there now!!! This stuff definitely works!! The spray they use is organic, so it won't harm animals. 5 stars for being professional, nice, quick, and good at what they do!! Thank you Carlos!
5	Outstanding service. Technician was on-time, professional, courteous and knowledgeable about his product. I tipped him well. He explained what he would do, the time frame, cost and asked relevant questions related to the service and pest problems. I highly recommend them and have set up routine visits.
5	Let me just start off by saying: I have never had a great experience with any pest control companies here in the Valley. My husband and I were hit with a HUGE ant infestation. So I started calling different companies. All of the companies I called were on Yelp. Stop Buggin answered their phone right away. No message. Brendan was personable and friendly over the phone and we made an appointment. Brendan was on time. A big thing with me. He was very thorough. He happily explained everything to my husband. I have never had an experience like this before. Take it from the picky girl from the Bronx...Stop Buggin is the ONLY Pest Control Company here in the Valley that I will ever use.
5	There was no pressure to have monthly services. This was the cheapest one time visit that I could find- some pest control services wanted $90 just to come out once. It was $55 at Stop Buggin for him to come and spray inside and outside of my home with mentioning the Yelp deal of 15% off. So far so good, the ants have gone and not returned. The service itself was quick and easy, and the cheapest I could find.
5	Love these guys. Can't say enough good things. They work 24/7, they came to my house and took full size rats out of my attic at 6 am (so I could still make it to work on time), and now they come regularly to spray around my house and yard for bugs.  Their prices are completely reasonable and they don't try to up sell you on unneeded things.  (Plus their website photos are awesome - with their cute little girls featured in them.)
5	These brothers are great, always willing to help us out when needed.  Extremely thorough both in and out of the house.  Explaining where we might have issues and always letting us know they are a call away.We will always call these guys when we need service.  Thanks.
