4	Jane Kinney did my wedding flowers. I did not care about the flowers at my wedding as much as other details, so I went very minimalistic. Jane did not do anything super creative for my wedding, but she executed what I asked her to do and I thought it was beautiful. She made great suggestions to me, a person who doesn't know a tulip from a lilac. She also helped with season-appropriate flowers and was very professional to work with. She was disappointed when she arrived and could not help us set up because the tables were not set up. I enjoyed working with Jane and found her prices to be extremely reasonable. She was also able to incorporate pieces of the extra fabric from my dress to wrap my bouquet. It was beautiful. If you pay in cash or check, she throws in something free like an extra toss bouquet or something of the sort.
5	J Kinney did the flowers for my wedding back in October.  I still can't believe how beautiful they were.  I live out of town and didn't really know exactly what I wanted, although I did know that I wanted something modern, elegant and unique.  Jane had my style figured out right away, and delivered the most beautiful and unique bouquet I have ever seen.  It was exactly what I wanted, yet completely different than most traditional bouquets.  I'm so happy I worked with J Kinney, it was one of my favorite details from the whole wedding.
5	J. Kinney's has been one of my favorite shops in Madison since the 1980s.  Since the move to Monroe St. a few years ago, the shop is bigger so now Jane carries a cool variety of mini-luxuries like jewelry, scarves, hats,notecards.Their fresh flowers are very high quality- many are locally grown- and their arrangements are incredible - very creative and different. The people who work there know a lot about the flowers and other products. I highly recommend this place--fun to browse & buy. Locally-owned.
1	ABSOLUTELY awful experience!!! Older women working there was extremely rude. We came to the store to purchase 8-10 bottles of Lamp Berger oil. It's not cheaper but were were trying to shop local and I had my family with me. My daughter standing by my wife admiring the displays and NOT touching anything pointed to things she liked was quickly scolded by the old women clerk that items are extremely breakable. Ok - first off, it is either breakable or not...commenting that it's extremely breakable is just being rude. Also, Monroe street and the neighborhood around there is known as a family friendly place with lots of kids. Your customers are Parents and will come into the store with their kids. It's a fact of being on Monroe street.... J Kinney Store owner, get a clue, if you don't want something broken or touched by kids, don't put them at kid level. It's as easy as that! Also, nothing kills a sale quicker than having a store clerk correct me on my kids about touching something when they were doing nothing wrong.  Again, we - as parents - get it.Unfortunately, I will never shop or purchase anything there again. There are plenty of other floral shops close by and as for the Lamp Berger oil and other items, I will go back to buying them on-line.Not to sound too harsh but J Kenny Florist just lost a long time customer for good.
5	This is the best place for surprise bouquets! My boyfriend, who is currently out of town, wanted to cheer me up while I was stressed and blue. The next day he told me there was a surprise awaiting for me! Lo and behold I receive a call from J. Kinney florist's delivery man! He was so patient and kind, working with me to figure out a good meeting spot on campus (the addresses of my building had 3 different entrances...). No signature was required. I got this beautiful bouquet of red and white flowers in a VASE! Smartest act ever, now my flowers sit on my desk at work to accompany me in the day! I gave a call to Jean the next day for tips to extend the shelf life of my flowers and drying them. She was knowledgeable and helpful, knowing exactly who I was after I told her my name (although we were never in contact before). She told me which flowers I could dry and how I could dry them!I'm so pleased with my flowers I would recommend this place to anyone show wants to get a surprise for their loved ones!
5	J Kinney did the flowers for my wedding. The prices were very reasonable and the flowers were gorgeous!!! She knew all of the right questions to ask and made the wedding look so beautiful! I live in Chicago and they made it so easy to communicate and were incredible to work with. I would recommend for anyone getting married in the Madison area!!
5	My husband surprised me with an azeala plant from J.Kinney for Valentine's Day and it is just beautiful, still blooming eight weeks later. He thought maybe we could even plant it outside so I called the store to find out. jane was very helpful and friendly and recommended putting it outside in the shade in its pot, but not planting it due to our harsh winters.  I highly reccommend J K Florist not only for the quality of their plants but for the follow-up service, too.
