5	City Center on the Vegas Strip is a beautiful example of modern design, almost a Modern Art Museum masquerading as several hotels. So you would expect nothing less that the Crystals Mall Starbucks would reflect this impressive design - and it delivers.  A beautiful, modern-architected Starbucks, near the state-of-the-art Aria Hotel, that will have you constantly looking up and around  to soak in your surroundings. Oh, and by the way - the coffee is great, as usual!  Also, the Crystal Mall website reports: "In addition to the standard Starbucks menu items, this location will carry special items hand prepared by Aria's culinary team every day, all for under $10." What more could you want?Entrance to Crystal Mall off S Las Vegas Blvd is the easiest entrance to find this Starbucks.  Just a short walk straight thru mall from that entrance.  It's on the mezzanine level near the Grand Staircase.
1	Way overpriced Starbucks in a stinky mall. Gross. And this is from someone with a Starbucks addiction. Certified.
1	There's honestly no reason for me to review yet another Starbucks, but I think this location earns the distinction of being the most expensive Starbucks location.I understand that in this changing market, Starbucks are getting more expensive. I get that.Nestled in the Crystals Mall, this Starbucks has some of the most interesting decor. I mean, it is Vegas on the Strip. With a convenient location right in the center of many hotels, I can see why this would be a go-to place to grab a coffee after a long night out.Frankly, it's not worth it.I ordered two grande drinks, and the cost totaled to over $12. Seriously? I wasn't ordering any fancy frappuccinos with the works or anything like that. I was simply ordering normal hot lattes and stuff, and lo and behold, I'm paying like $6 each for coffee.If I wanted expensive coffee, I'd hit up a brand name coffee shop elsewhere.There are other Starbucks locations on the Strip, and while I don't know the prices there, I recommend trying those instead.They also did not have a scanner for the app. Seriously?TIP: Seriously?
