5	This is the largest of the six national forests in Arizona, and it is spectacular.  It is close  to Phoenix and offers great desert and mountain hikes.  Some of the hiking trails are also approved for equestrian use, and in addition to seeing amazing mountains and cacti, sometimes you can see some pretty horses.  That said, it is never too crowded.  Of course, go in the fall, spring, or winter - not the summer.. it gets hot!Well deserving of five stars!
5	If you don't have time to make it from Phoenix up to the Grand Canyon, then the Tonto National Forest is the next best thing. Seriously! My friends told me that this is where they take people who want to see the natural beauty of the area and they aren't kidding!The washboard road is a 20+ mile ride along route 88 and the Apache Lake. The scenic views are constant and some of them are even well marked with paved parking lots and National Park Service bathrooms along the way.Tips:I wouldn't recommend taking the whole ride if you're someone who gets carsick.You want a car with really good brakes and shocks. It is NOT a smooth ride.Make sure you have plenty of gas.Plan ahead. The ride took us three hours. You don't want to be doing this in the afternoon with the sun setting. This is not the type of road you want to drive at night!Notes:Most of the park does not have cellular coverage. I'm not kidding about this!Be careful when walking around. It's Arizona and while the snakes and other creatures are afraid of you, they will attack you if they feel threatened.
5	Stunning and wonderful! Must do if in Carefree. Oh- and awesome geocaching! Great hike to the top of the old Native American community. Stunning view. Must do.
4	Spent the day at Acacia Day use area midweek in June.  There was hardly anyone there!  We were able to spread out and enjoy Canyon Lake.  There was plenty of shade, it is maintained well, clean, restroom facilities nearby.We had a GREAT time!Don't forget to pick up your Tonto Pass ($6) before heading up the skinny two lane road!  I suggest the Circle K in town.  Don't forget to bring plenty of water!
5	Tonto National Forest is endless. If you explore the forest from Apache Junction, enjoy elements like Lost Dutchman State Park, Canyon Lake, Apache Lake, Roosevelt Lake and all the endless trails and hikes. If you explore the forest near Payson, enjoy elements like Fossil Creek, the Tonto Natural Bride, fishing and hiking through tall Pine trees.
5	What's not to love about wide ipen, gorgeous, Arizona terrain? I love this state, and I certainly love the Tonto area. The lakes, the campsites, the 4x4 trails... it's all so beautiful. Every weekend is a perfect Tonto weekend!
5	While the name Tonto in Spanish/Italian means "stupid", I found this park to have a natural genius. Covering a large area of Arizona, the park blends a variety of microclimates and different atmospheric zones. The landscape scenes and fauna change suddenly and often going around bends. The north has snow covered mountains. The Sedona region has very red mesas and big plains where you can find big mule deer jumping. In Payson, there is a pine forrest, and over the hills towards the South there is a endless sea of tall cactus. Roads are excellent. This park is definitely worth a trip if yoy are in the Phoenix area.
