3	Three stars because of the staff - very friendly and helpful at all times!  Have never had a cranky clerk.Beer selection is wide (including some exotics by the individual bottle) and lots of them are in the cooler.Wine selection is fair - Total Wine has a lot more to choose from.Pricing is tiered - one price for cash, another for credit cards.I have seen beer priced lower at the Ardrey Kell Harris Teeter.  And the wine selections are more on the high end too.  So they've lost a star for value.They also lose a star for store hours - they are only open until 7 pm Monday through Saturday.They have a frequent customer program - but you'll have to spend $25K on beer, wine and booze (yes, they also have liquor) to qualify for any really good rewards.I go because of the people and because they are convenient,
4	Apparently if you spend $100,000 here you get a free vacation, not bad!  Now I just need a CEO salary.  All kidding aside, they do have a rewards program for shopping at their store, which is nice having come from government run states where I've lived before.Just a short drive down 521 (Charlotte Highway) into Fort Mill, South Carolina you'll find Southern Spirits, seemingly sticking its tongue out at the government of North Carolina for their extra liquor taxes.  In here you'll find all of the essentials as far as liquor goes in most available sizes, with the smaller guys being available behind the counter to deter theft.  What's that?  Grain liquor?  95%?  Hello and welcome back to the frat party days!  The store features a pretty open floorplan but could benefit from adding a couple shelves to take advantage of their size; to squeeze a few more options into the place.On the other side of things is a beer/wine shop, gotta love state laws that don't let them combine the two, but at least they're extremely nearby.  I haven't checked out that selection yet but the prices seem to be pretty fair from the signs that they've had up.The employees were very friendly, asked us if we were 21 or older and pretty much took our word for it.  They may have checked my friend's ID but I don't recall.  As we definitely look older than 21 it wasn't really a careless overlook by them, just trying not to pester us about the obvious.  We brought along my friend's 4 year old son and he was pleasantly entertained by who appeared to be the manager, who asked him his name and proceeded to carry out a conversation with the voice of Donald Duck, classic!  He made sure that we were finding everything okay and told us if we needed help with anything just to let him know, the type of service I'd say most of us prefer in this setting.The prices were pretty good and the female cashiers (one in her 30s, one older) were both friendly and even offered the kid a lollipop, nice touch.  Finally somewhere where we feel welcome and invited to buy our sins at!P.S. -- If you recognize this review from another store, I accidentally listed it as the wrong one previously, sorry!
3	This place has a decent beer selection, several beers that I had not seen at other places in NC. I like the fact that they sell singles (although I think they are a bit pricey on some of them). Quite a bit of thier floor space is dedicated to BMC productsThey are not particularly friendly, or helpful. Most of the staff know nothing, or very little, about beer. There is supposed to be a discount for cash or debit, when I tried to use my debit the wanted to argue that the discount is only for cash not debit. Even though I have been there a couple of times before and used debit and recieved the discount.Not a terrible place, but based on the service there are other places I would rather spend my hard earned money.
5	Five stars is not enough!  Hands down the best Scotch, bourbon and Irish whiskey selection within driving distance from Charlotte.  They even have Japanese whiskey, a gigantic wall of vodka and gin, and the nicest people running the place.  I will be back for more!
4	I really like Southern Spirits. On most visits, the staff have been really friendly and helpful. (There are a couple of exceptions here, but generally the folks are friendly.) This is one place I get some less popular liqueurs (such as Averna from Siciliy) that you cannot find at Frugual McDougals or the Meck County ABC stores. They also have a ginormous selection of vodka, rum, and a good selection of blue agave tequila at various price points.  They also have a huge selection of mini bottles which is a great way to try something new. They do have tastings from time to time, both in the Spirits section and in the Wine section.They have a decent selection of beer and wine, but since the Total Wine  at the Promenade opened, I prefer to go there for their beer & wine selection & prices. However, for the "hard stuff", I definitely will head down to Southern Spirits!
4	Southern Spirits wins 4 stars ("Yay! I'm a fan.") from me for a few reasons: 1 - I can go to SS, purchase alcohol, and be back in my nice suburban home consuming it in under 10 minutes. 2 - There's a fireworks store in the parking lot, and if that doesn't scream South Carolina brilliance/insanity then nothing else does. 3 - Their prices are pretty good, with discounts for cash, and I can find everything I want there, and more. Finally, if you want Hawaiian-style shave ice, or classic Carolina barbecued pork butt and/or ribs, you can get it in the parking lot of Southern Spirits. (The "Tropical Sno" is available every day throughout the summer, and Gilb's barbecue is there on the weekends.)There are some negatives, that cause me to dock them at least one star. First, at least on the beer side, the cashiers can be surly. I've been going there at least once a week for about five years now, and it's still hit or miss if the cashier woman, who has seen me at least 100 times, will smile at me or grimace and not even give me a second glance.Second, their hours suck. They close at 7PM during the week and on Saturdays. Half the time I usually know we'll need another bottle or a six pack for some folks dropping by after the time at which they have closed. And they aren't open on Sundays - stupid, ridiculous, stinking blue laws... which frankly shoot the state in the foot when it comes to revenue.Frankly, I don't care much if they're surly, I'll still return to Southern Spirits for the convenience. I keep my expectations low, which make days like today a great surprise! Apparently they were stocked up to the gills for the Labor Day weekend - no sooner had I pulled my 12-pack from the fridge, a young man was behind me asking me if he could carry it to the register. And when I checked out, I had a more senior (she's the manager, I think) woman who rang me up for $10.25 and when I plopped $11 on the counter, she whipped out a quarter from her own pocket and gave me my dollar back.Regardless of the attitude you (might) get, they're down home folks, and you're supporting local business (rather than the Wal-Mart) so I will always keep going to Southern Spirits!
4	Located just over the South Carolina state line, this is the best and least expensive vendor of packaged goods.  And they have a large selection, in particular, of single malt whiskeys.  You name it, they have it, including cold beer refrigerators and some snack items.The do have a VIP card program where one gets points based on purchases, so ask for it if you will regularly be a customer.South of Charlotte, NC by about 20 miles, they are very convenient to a lot of people.
4	Southern Spirits is set up where liquor is on one side and beer, wine and soda is on the other side. I don't think that they have a vast beer selection (go to Frugal MacDoogal's for that) but there liquor section is very robust and is organized very easily to find exactly what you are looking to purchase. I often come across a new bottle that the shelf appeal sucks me in. The staff is generally very friendly and helpful. Living on the state-line, I much rather go to Southern Spirits than the local ABC store for accessibility and range of variety.
4	Southern Spirits is a good little place. It is beer on one side and liqour on the other, like Frugal's if you have been there. It is smaller than Frugal's but they make up for that since they have a great selection of the not-so-every-day stuff. I got a rhubarb liqour with white pepper for goodness sakes, so yeah...they may have some new things for you to try. Also, Dan is so nice and knowledgeable if there is a whiskey you might want to try.
5	I am torn about this review, because part of me doesn't want to let the secret out about the great selection of spirits that I have experienced at Southern Spirits.  I have been shopping here since I moved to Charlotte and about half the stuff on either side of highway 521 had not even been built yet.I tend to make it a regular stop whenever I drive down to South Carolina for some cheap gas and pick up a few other things.  If you are looking for any type of spirit, they will most likely have it or will order it, as long as you plan on buying a significant amount.  Last time I was in there, someone special ordered some bourbon and there were a few bottles leftover and I was able to try a new bourbon.  The Scotch, Bourbon and other whiskey selections are extensive, which is great, because the wife and I enjoy them all.  They also have too many varieties of Rum, Vodka and flavored liquor to count, as well as everything in between.They also have extensive beer and some limited wine selection on a separate side of the store.  I want to say that they even have kegs as well, but not 100% sure.  The staff is always friendly and very knowledgeable, and I have always had a great experience talking with them or getting a recommendation about a product.
5	I love Southern Spirits.  And it's not just because I love spirits...First of all, this is the most exciting looking liquor store that I've ever been to.  The building is painted all sorts of bright colors, the parking lot is painted, and the wine section inside is pretty.  They have an extensive beer and liquor selection, a limited wine selection (but I've never had to go without) and they are always friendly.  The staff is incredibly helpful even if you don't quite know what you're looking for.  I once had a 15 min conversation with one of the guys about which tequila is good for what.  They have a snack section too, with soda/mixers and plates/cups/hawaiian umbrellas/etc.  This place is terribly convenient and cheap.  I always see the flyers about tasting hours for certain whiskeys and liquors, but I've never stopped at the right time.  They have a discount if you pay cash too (it's only about $ .30 off, but exciting all the same).  As other yelpers have mentioned, the hours can be tricky - so just plan ahead.
5	Nothing fancy but you can find what you need here.  There is a cash pay price (which is cheaper) and a card price.  There is one employee I always see and ask questions.  He is wonderful and very knowledgeable.  You'll know him when you see him because he's vertically challenged but he's my favorite!
5	As if Frugal McDougal and Nordstrom had a love child.An excellent store.  I am impressed with the selection and, in particular, the customer service.  When I ask questions, I get thoughtful and helpful answers.  I have purchased some excellent whiskeys that I would otherwise not tried but for the helpful suggestions of staff.It is easy to be a loyal customer.
5	This place is awesome. Why? I speak neither beer nor spirits and the staff is always more than willing to assist me in making a purchasing decision. Dad likes ____ . He should get ____ . That kind of thing. Kind. Knowledgable. Easy. You can also place orders for wine in the back if they don't have what you're looking for. Get your party pants on and check this place out.
