5	I have been going elsewhere lately for my nails, but I was in the area and lazy so I dropped into C&V.  It was a bit more expensive than where I normally go, but closer, so I didn't care.There was hardly anyone in there, as it was the middle of the day in the middle of the week, so I got in right away for a Pedicure and Acrylic fill.I just had a pedicure a month ago, and they got so much dead skin off the bottom of my feet it was disgusting. She also did a amazing job on trimming my cuticles, which seem to be ignored a lot unless there is a obvious one sticking out. But no, she went to town and that is exactly what I need and wanted.Her attention to detail on my Fill was also great! She had me check each nail to make sure i was happy, and didn't sigh when I had a issue. They seem to use Gelish for their gel polishes and the woman next to me was getting them done and they looked great.
5	This place is great!  Always friendly, they have no problem if you ask for something on the creative side, and never a long wait for walk ins.
5	I've been getting acrylics since high school and I always expected them to hurt afterwards. You know, that "I feel like my fingers are suffocating" feeling after you get acrylics?  Not here!  May is so good at putting on acrylics. You barely feel them after she's done. She also does great designs and has fun helping you figure out what you want.  Sometimes she just whips up something from her mind. I love it here.  Everyone's friendly and service is always good.
5	I called C&V and made an appt for 6:15. When I walked in Machelle was there to greet me.She was very nice and kind.I had previously had my nails done at another salon that totally messed up my gel nails.My nails were lifting and the gel was peeling off only after 9 days.I was skeptical at first but Machelle made me feel like she knew what she was talking about and boy did she.My nails turned out amazing.After about 25 min of trying to get the cheap gel the other nail salon used on my nails.She finally got them off and proceeded to put new gel on my natural nails.She gave me exactly what I wanted and I couldn't be more pleased.THis is definitely my new nail salon.My nails look awesome and I can't wait to go back .5 Stars for this place.
5	great nail salon. everyone is really nice & the place is clean. nails were done fast & the way I like them, rounded. they are also cheaper than most of the competition down the street on rainbow. the quality of staff is very good so don't be scared of the prices!
4	I'm always at Albertsons next door but never tried C&V. I needed my gel color changed, it so close to home, figured I'd give it a try. Did a walk in around 3 or 4 pm. They were bust but were able to take me right away. Pretty much the average nail salon you'd encounter all over town. Lots of gel colors to choose from. The woman doing my service did a good job, the gel lasted, so I was pleased but their prices are higher than other places I've been for the same quality so I doubt I'd go back for that reason.
1	I went here with a friend, she said she went to this place, and loves it. I went in to get white tips with glitter (with also having the glitter kind of fade down towards the cuticle.This girl take over an hour, she was constantly filing, yet, they're still uneven. One of my nails, she put the tip on completely crooked, so now it looks diagnal. On my right thumb, there's a bump where she added more gel, and on ALL my nails, the acrylic gel itself is REALLY thick, and uneven. On my thumb, the left side of my nail has thin gel, and then on the right, it gets really thick. it's a nightmare.I paid $60 on the worst nail service I've ever received)The entire time I was trying to have a conversation with my friend (who got a gel manicure, and ended up having to wait 20 minutes after her nail service was finished, and her service was done WITH a hand massage) the lady kept complaining about customers that have been coming through the salon as walk-ins. She cussed and was unprofessional.She was the only white gal in the salon, I don't know her name, but when I went back to the salon to see if they could take care of the thickness, the only thing they did for me was tell me that it's going to look thick beause of the "rockstar gel."Doesn't matter, she should have filed the acrylic to make it even, I even confirmed with my co worker (who always has acrylics)I was kind and left it at that. I honestly didn't want to spend another hour with her while she would probably have an attitude for having to redo my nails.I'm a kind person, and I never write bad reviews. This is why I went on here, to warn anyone that goes to place to not use this girl. I WILL NOT RETURN.
5	I moved to Las Vegas about a year ago and was desperately looking for a new nail salon. I asked around and went to a location that ended up being close to home and tried it out. Lets just say it was the worst experience of my life!A few weeks later I had to go to Albertson's. As I was walking out of the supermarket I saw C & V Nails & Spa 2 staring right at me. I opened the door to smiling happy employees that greeted me immediately and the rest is history.I have been a faithful client of the shop ever since and could not be any happier.Not only do they do nails, pedicures and waxing but they also offer spa treatments using Dermalogica, products which I love.If you are looking for perfection and service with a smile then C & V Nails is the place to go.PS Tell your friends...
5	I am very particular about my nails. I looked around for awhile before I found C and V nails. They do everything perfect. I get regular gel manicures, spa pedicures and waxing at this location and always have a positive experience. When I mess up a nail they always fix it. I come in for one thing or another once a week and enjoy my visits. The shop is clean and nicely decorated.
5	Salon is always kept clean with good friendly people. Will be back next week!
5	I have been going to C & V Nails & Spa 2 for over one year now. The owner Ivy does my gel nails faithfully every two weeks, her sister does my eyebrows and Michelle and John are always there working with a smile on their face.My nails are always perfect and so is the service as well as the prices. They always have the best music playing and have recently renovated so the spa chairs provide a quaint relaxing atmosphere. I mean who doesn't want a massage while getting a relaxing pedicure?I consider myself high maintenance when it comes to keeping up with my beauty regimen and would not recommend anywhere else but C & V Nails & Spa 2 on S. Rainbow Blvd.
5	Best nail place around! The only place I have found with different types of pedicures and champagne too! I love Vivian she give the best pedis but everyone is great. Atmosphere is awesome too! No complaints at all! Been going here for about a year now
5	Vacation in Vegas! Took mom out for birthday and did a spa treatment! This was the BEST spa manicure and pedicure I have ever had! High, my nail technician, was the best! The customer service was outstanding! You really get your monies worth! I recommend this nail salon to everyone, they're the BEST!
3	I think her name is Vivian ? the first pedi was good. second one not so much. she cut my big toe nail and pinky too short. it was bleeding a little. and she scraped too much skin on my heel. also, they don't have much nail polish selection.
5	Very friendly techs, I've been to three different so far and each are friendly and strike up conversation. Gel manicures are great they last for over two weeks for me, pedicures are great too :) curtains between chairs are a great touch for privacy.
4	I went here to get a pedicure.  Nice, friendly service. $25 for the basic pedicure. Several options to choose from. My only complaint was that they didn't have that many colors to choose from.  Also, the colors they had were a bit outdated.
5	Best nail salon in Las Vegas! Everyone is courteous and professional. I also enjoy the private curtains at each pedicure chair. It's relaxing!
3	I don't know... I have mixed feelings about this place. I liked the service - no wait time, clean store, and not so talkative staff. But my gel pedicure ($50) came off after a day. I don't know what to blame. Maybe it's the pool party, or my fragile toe nails, but it was disappointing. I may give this place another chance though.
4	Always passed by this salon, decided to go in when my regular place was booked. Glad I came in, design I wanted was on point. Curtains in between seats for privacy, that's. Plus. I will come back again.
4	My feet were so dry I needed help. The girlfriend pleaded with me to go get some footwork done and I finally gave in. What a nice experience! Now for all you guys, it isnt as girly as you would expect. I had a nice glass of wine (I know but there was no whiskey) and they went to work on my feet. Would be great if you could have cigars in here too! Anyhow, they clipped my nails and used what looked like a cheese grater to remove all of the dead skin from the bottoms of my feet. A task which I deemed totally impossible but they accomplished in mere minutes. As I watched ET on TV sipped wine my feet were brought back to a smooth as silk status. I would recommend for any guys who need some assistance in getting your feet up to decent looking status for summer. I probably wont make it a regular thing but I am sure to do it a few more times this summer. I think $50 or so for the whole deal. Well, not exactly as the girlfriend saw this as an opportunity to get a full 10 digit gel package. However was nice.
1	I went to cv nails today for a simple fill in, she somehow managed to make my nails crooked gave me a hard time when I asked for a nail design. I had to ask her to repaint my nails twice because they looked so sloppy and smudged after the third time I got frustrated and left. She was hands down the laziest worst nail tech ever the only reason why I gave them a star is because they were clean. Not going back there again!
4	Made a quick appt. First time here. Their employees were pretty helpful & nice.  They have 7 different pedicures to choose from. When you purchase their $45 or more pkg they serve you comp wine or champagne. I opted to just get their $35 deluxe pedi. It comes with a massage, scrub, mask and warm towel compress. The lady was very nice. She always asked if I was ok whenever she made her way around the cuticles. She was sure to be careful which is nice. Ive been to a few places where they cut in too deep which is painful. It was a pleasant and relaxing visit. Will come back.
2	There are a select few nail techs that do a  good job here. The rest are mediocre at best. Have left not satisfied  the past few times so I won't be back due to inconsistency.
4	$25 for a basic pedicure. Was given a small bottled water right away. Their foot massage was really really nice.  He was delicate with my cuticles. Clean and careful.  The curtains between massage chairs make it more comfortable. Had a nice time with my girlfriend here.  Would come back.
