4	I went here one afternoon to get my boss some congratulation flowers for his new grandson who came into the world and the 2 ladies here were very helpful on picking out a vase and different flowers as well as a balloon and keeping it all under $20. They both were very friendly and made a beautiful arrangement. I am very pleased with Fiesta Flowers and any time I need flowers I will make sure to go to them!
5	Shannon at Fiesta Flowers was really wonderful to work with for our wedding centerpieces, bouquets, and boutineers. She was very helpful- she worked with me while I was trying to figure out what I wanted, while keeping our budget in mind. We followed her suggestions, and were please with the result. She asked for pictures, and I gave her some of bouquets I really liked. I absolutely loved the bouquets she created for our big day, as well as the "guest book table" centerpiece. I chose to supply our own vases, and I loved that I could do that. Shannon also seemed excited to use edelweiss (an Austrian flower) in my bouquet, even though she hadn't worked with that particular flower before. It meant a lot to me that it was in my bouquet. We would definitely recommend Fiesta Flowers!
5	This flower shop is the best I have ever used. Shannon is always helpful.I have never had any bad flowers from her shop. She will go out of her way to accommodate you. She also is a genius at arranging flowers so that they look extremely beautiful.If you want great service and reasonable prices, go here.Vic
5	Shannon did our flowers for our wedding and they were incredible. We came in with a particular budget in mind and a particular look we wanted to achieve. Our vision became a reality with her help.  The day of the wedding everyone commented on how unique the boutonniere's came out and how amazing the flowers were.  Thank you for everything you did for us Shannon!
5	Fiesta Flowers is one of the best flower shops I have encountered in a long time.All are friendly and willing to help you.  I have been several times and I always get the help I need to come up with a great boque.I would recommend this shop to anyone who wants good service and flowers at a resonable price.   Vic
5	Fiesta Flowers was very helpful in accomodating my request for balloon delivery.  I took in my own "weight" and they attached balloons to it and then delivered it for me.  They are super friendly and willing to step out of the box to work with you.Definitely recommend them for any flower, balloon or plant needs!
5	I ordered flowers for my wife's anniversary from Fiesta.What a stunning job.   The flowers were great and reasonably priced.  This is the only flowere shop I would trust for this special occasion.   I have ordered floweres for my daughter's birthday and had them sent to her out of state.  Shannon, the owner made this as painless as you could ever hope for.  If you need flowers to really look berautiful, and have complete trust that all details will be met, then you must use Fiesta FlowersI have been going to Fiesta ever since it opened and have never been disappointed.I even used Fiesta for a wedding of a relative and had complete success.Good and beautiful flowers and reasonable prices.  FANTASTIC   FANTASTIC FANTASTIC .
5	I just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.  I had Shannon work on the order for 50 red roses that I wanted.  She did an excellent job of getting the best flowers  and arranging the flowers so beautifully.She also did her best to get the best price she could get.When I picked up the flowers they were the most beautiful arrangement that I have ever seen.  I realize that when you trust a flower shop to put together an arrangement for a 50th wedding annv., you hope all goes well.  Well based upon this and other projects Shannon has done for me I knew I was in good hands.As usual, l it turned out so fantastic that I'm again a hero.I took a picture of the arrangement on my phone and showed it to various friends and they were so IMPRESSED.If anyone is interested in having a flowers arrangement done for them, then Shannon/Fiesta Flowers is the place to go.   You WILL NOT be disappointed.Vic A
5	My boyfriend sent me flowers to cheer me up after a bad week, and these are seriously the best flowers I've ever received. They put together a bouquet of lilies, roses, and daisies that was absolutely gorgeous. The most impressive thing is that the flowers lasted over a week - 10 days before I decided it was time to toss them! Most lily bouquets in the past have died on me within 3-4 days. I told the bf he's never allowed to buy from anywhere else!
5	I sent my best friend some flowers for her birthday yesterday and had the most flawless experience working with Shannon.  I'm always a bit hesitant ordering flowers via the phone because you aren't really sure what the arrangement is going to look like, but Shannon understood my vision and my friend's taste and built the loveliest bouquet.  You're a rockstar, Shannon!! Thank you for helping sustain long distance friendships in such a tangible fashion :)
4	I had the pleasure of working with the staff at the Fiesta Flowers. Not sure where the less than perfect reviews came in, but these guys were AWESOME!  Flowers looked gorgeous. I have nothing but great things to say. Thank you!!!
5	Received a dozen long stemmed roses from my husband for our Anniversary.  The roses were beautiful!!  And my husband would not stop raving about how great his customer experience was.He described how helpful they were and how the flowers had come in that day to ensure freshness.  I can definitely attest to that! Our anniversary was on October 28 and its now November 8.  They were sitting on our side table up until today!
5	The team here is awesome. They had mistakenly delivered a balloon arrangement a couple days early for my birthday... Well today is my birthday and they sent a beautiful plant and candy complimentary to say "sorry" for the mix up on the balloons!!They went  totally above and beyond and for this they deserve recognition!!
