1	I hate how apple calls their employees "genius"es.  A squirrel knows more about apple products than these idiots.  They're the car salesmen of the tech world.I had a Nano whose battery didn't charge properly.  All they did was try to reset it.  They didn't want to plug it in, and I had to actually do it in front of them, and their diagnosis was that "it doesn't charge properly".  Thanks Einstein.It was still under warranty, but the only thing these idiots are geniuses of is trying to upsell you applecare.  They'd only replace one if I purchased it, which was BS and had to get a manager to sort it all out.My suggestion is to educate yourself and avoid the apple store at all costs, and know how the warranty program works.  You don't need apple care for everything!
4	This is a normal apple store.  Not the biggest one like on Sainte-Catherine in downtown MTL.
5	Apple Store Carrefour LavalThis is by far the best Apple Store I've been to. I'm not trying to get down on the others...it's just that every time I go to the one in Carrefour Laval, they really try to find solutions to whatever computer related problem I might have, and they've been successful every single time. For instance, once I needed to get internet access. I brought my iMac down to Laval and carried it through the mall. Thank God it's only the 21.5 inch model! Anyway, even though they were busy, they MADE time for me and understood that I was trying to buy a piece of video editing software online and so they did everything in their power to help me buy that software. After realizing how tough it is to haul around an iMac, I decided to get a 15 inch solid state Macbook.  I love it. It's the computer that I'm using right now. The person that helped me buy my Macbook showed me how to use the 'personal hotspot' feature on the iPhone so that I can have internet access on whatever Apple device I'm using, which is really handy because it allows me to surf using my computer with a regular sized keyboard. Lots of people like Apple computers because of their simplicity. The less that technology gets in the way of the creative process, the better. The design and functionality is streamlined, and that's the way Apple users like it. The Apple Store in Carrefour Laval rocks. 5 stars baby!!!
5	Service technique sur rendez-vous seulement.
1	Worst Apple store I ever been... If you don't go there to get the latest Ipad, don't expect to have good service... Poor Poor POOR custumer service, you can stand in store in front of the free clerk and he is not even looking at you. Don't go there without appointment: you'll waste your time. If you have an appointment, it's not much better. People there are just not friendly at all. Like I said: you're fine if you're going for Ipad...
3	I've seen this Apple Store grow from when it has first been introduced to CL.   Pro's:  - Quite a few employees around all the time to try to help you out!  - Selection of peripheal devices is pretty good.  - Selection of cases is pretty good.  - You can register for an instructive class on how to with one of your devices.- Most of the employees are perfectly bilingual. Con's:  - Very long to get a tech appointment to get some help if you are having an issue.  Usually at least a week wait, maybe two.  I went to the one in Winnipeg in the AM and had a PM same day appointment.  - Price of cases are crazzzzzzzy expensive!!!!!!!  Unless you have to, people go buy from Ebay or Amazon as you can probably get something for 1/2 the price that the Apple Store has it for. - Apple never (I should say rarely) puts items on sale!!! - If you come here on the day of a new iPhone launch there is usually crowd control and a lineup snaking out the store!  - Stay away from here in the month of December unless you like to feel like an ant in a very busy ant hill or value your personal space!
