3	Record City has been around in the Vegas Valley for years. They originally had 5 or 6 locations around the valley, but in recent years have been reduced to 3. That's 2 at Sahara/Paradise, and 1 at Charleston/Lamb. They previously had locations on Decatur and one on Las Vegas Blvd. (in the old Odyssey building), both of which have since closed.Record City is one of the record stores remaining in Vegas that actually sells (vinyl) records. With so few places left that sell those, that's definitely a step up. They carry CDs, VHS tapes, DVDs, and memorabilia as well. There is a little bit of everything in here.However, the stores themselves are quite cluttered, with narrow, messy aisles. Prices on merchandise are higher than I have seen at some other, similar shops. The staff service tends to be hit and miss - Joey at the Charleston store is far and above the most helpful employee I have dealt with in any one of their facilities.Like many stores of its kind, they buy, sell, and trade. Most of the merchandise on hand is used, though they do have some new stuff as well. Every now and then, you can find some oddities and OOP/rare stuff in here. It isn't a great set of stores, but there are so few places in Vegas to shop for this sort of thing anymore.I strongly recommend Zia over this place, but if you're in the neighborhood of one of their stores, why not swing in and check it out? You never now, you might find a hidden treasure.
4	Joey is a sweetheart. A true record store guy. Unpretentious, knowledgable, and knows when to hook it up with a deal. A record persons record store. And check in often as their stock is always changing.
4	Record city is a good, reasonably priced store that is worth a trip if you're in Las Vegas.Joey, the manager is that rarest of breeds, the nice record store clerk. Having dealt with bad attitude for 30 years, he's a breath of fresh air. Completely the opposite of the idiot at Wax Trax on the other side of town who you should keep a very wide berth from. Highly recommended.
4	Love this place... love Joey. Super cool dude, always polite. Small spot for vinyl but I always find a great gem.  Prices are VERY reasonable. I enjoy the atmosphere. You want a great place for records, this is your spot.
5	One of the best record stores that I have been to.  They offer good deals, and more importantly, they are hospitable.  It feels nice to go into a place a be treated like a person rather than a sale.  I strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for good vinyl.
5	Get your paws dirty and dig ya dog!Hands down favorite digging spot in Vegas! There is always great stuff in the rack but don't sleep on the random stacks and boxes. Prices are always proper and Joey is mad cool to chop it with.Woof
5	Looking through the reviews of this store on Charleston, I have to say that most people definitely see what I see.  Having been a vinyl addict for many years and having been in record stores across this great nation, this store particularly stands out in that it has all the things that a great record store should have.First, you have that rarest of breeds, the really helpful, really nice, really knowledgeable record store manager / clerk in Joey.  I often tell people that I am heading out to Record City after work and they say, "Oh, that's the store where Joey is right?  He's a great guy!"  Yes, he is.  He also has a supernatural sense of when to offer a deal and when to sweeten the deal.  He really does see his customers as humans and not just as money or a sale.  I have to admit to being saddened when I visit the store and he isn't there.  He has such an input into the store that the store really reflects him and his knowledge of music and media.  He has great stories and a great sense of humor.Second, since obviously you are going for the records and not to date Joey - the inventory is expansive - and it changes almost daily.  I have been in the store before for 30 minutes and 2 large collections have walked in the door to sell.  I really love it when I can look through the stuff that just came in the door before anyone else has a chance to see it.  Great digging!  Not only there, but all over the store.  The inventory is what brings me back again and again.  You never know what is there until you look, even if you were there last week.Third, I like my vinyl stores messy and akin to going through someone's garage sale or their personal collection or the stand at a flea market.  Come on people - it is separated by genre and it is alphabetical, what else do you need?  I've been in stores where there are just boxes all around in no particular logical order.  It's all about the Dig!  It's all about finding treasure!  Sure, if I want to go into a store and I am rushed and only have 5 or 10 minutes to look - I will do Zias.  They are nice.  They have inventory.  They are clean and crystal and easy to look at.  But most of it is new or poor used and it just doesn't have the same ambience.  So, I like Zias, I am a regular there as well, but . . .I ALWAYS go to this Record City first.  It is the first store on my vinyl buying tour each and every time!
5	Visited recently with my kids and had a great time looking through the substantial collection. Lots of variety and a knowledgeable and helpful staff. I was most impressed with the courtesy and fairness with which I was treated. I would highly recommend a visit.
3	It's slim pickens these days for vinyl collectors. You can still find a good percentage of hard to find records here though. The popularity of vintage collectors has risen since fixie bikes, Don Draper haircuts and Indy culture replaced whatever else people were doing before.  This record store used to be a gold strike for records at astoundingly low prices.  Now the only way to find highly sought after music is to dig into the cardboard boxes of unchecked vinyl under the shelves.  Also if it's a popular title like, say, Led Zeppelan II it's going to cost about $25 now.  All in all, these things are becoming a bygone item so it all should be expected that great little record stores like this should see some of it's value mature I suppose.  The store is packed to the brim with old vinyl everywhere.  Mostly 70's to 80's graduating classes will be over joyed to find the soft pop and radio rock.  I was class of '99.. They also have pre-owned movies too, if you haven't learned how to torrent yet.  Overall it is like the old part of a Zia Record Exchange minus the new titles.  The staff is a really cool guy who has been here for years.  Not bad.
