5	Woohoo First To Review! It seems like once I got my own fridge, magnets fell off the face of the earth.  I've searched high and low for a good YEAR trying to find at least one magnet that I feel would fit my household criteria and stores were only carrying chip clip magnets! ...::thumbs down::...  When I walked through the Miracle Mile mall to get to the Spice Market Buffet, I spotted Magnet Max.  I swear the store glowed and called my name, it knew I had been looking for a store just like this and it was here to fulfill its destiny.The first thing you see when you walk in is Las Vegas magnets, obviously.  But the theme for my home is quotes.  For the past 11 years, I've been collecting quotes, I recite quotes, I live by quotes. So quotes are on the fridge, the picture frames, the artwork, the whiteboard.... you get where I'm going with this.  So magnets dedicated to Sin City just wasn't going to happen.  There was two out of three walls with nothing but quotes, and funny pictures so I knew I would get lucky.  3 for $12 so I went ahead and got 6 of them.  (I also got 25% for another one). Most of the ones I got were funny because I have a few on my fridge already dedicated to living peaceful, honest, etc. I really wanted to get one that said "Jesus would slap the shit out of you" and i had someone kneeling before him.  It made me laugh so hard out loud and that's just wrong on so many levels but I couldn't help it.  However, my dad and grandparents don't take my humor as well as my mom and since they often stop by, I figured it wasn't a good idea to get the ones that cuss and what not. Booooo, I know right?!Maybe if I ever get a mini fridge for my room, I'll put the naughty magnets on that one haha.
5	I come here every time I come to vegas. I have been good though. I limit myself to maybe one magnet each time I'm in town. I tend to purcahse magnets for friends and family though. I love their sarcastic sayings, gross innuendoes, and the whole deal. Some of the magnets are ones that you see at all those lil gift shops but some you just can't ignore. THey have a huge selection. E verything in here is covered by a magnet of some sort. Some are $4 and some can be $10+. It all depends. They had some good deals on magnets, a promo for 3 magnets for $12. Not bad. This is the spot for magnets of all kinds. Check it out!! They make nice lil gifts.
4	Great place to get cheap souvenirs! Tons of magnets and cheesy Vegas shirts galore, what else can you ask for?
5	As a tourist (yes I am) I needed some cheap souvenirs for me and to bring back home for friends... So, this is the place.. Well, must be another places maybe cheaper, but who cares, I found here everything I need so enjoy Las Vegas ;)And yes, my fridge will always love me for that.And like my fridge always says: "And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil alwayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys loooooove youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ououououuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"Sorry for that.
5	Cheap souvenirs, especially compared to all of the other shops. I was so pleased when I walked out with 3 shot glasses, a magnet, a T-shirt, and a decorative mug and plate for 20 bucks! Definitely stop by Magnet Max for Vegas souvenirs in the Miracle Mile Shops.  Staff was friendly and helpful also. THUMBS UPPPP!!!!
5	Looking for specific magnets for your refrigerator?You find them all at magnet Max. They have a really huge variety.
4	Since I was in Vegas for the first time ever, it was an absolute must that I had to get souvenirs before I left.So when my wife and I went out to stroll the Vegas strip we happened to stumble upon this place. And I have to say, that this place, is by far one of the cheaper places in Vegas to purchase souvenirs.They had a variety of items like magnets, bags, and clothing. My wife and I ended up buying quite a few magnets, a bag, and a couple of one dollar bills with president Obama's face on the front. When we were finally satisfied with items we got to the register to get our items rung up by the cashier and we were 100% satisfied with the total price. We visited quite a few souvenir shops in Vegas, and the ones we visited didn't have prices like Magnet Maxx.If your ever looking for souvenirs at a reasonable price, well then I think you should visit this place because I'm pretty sure you'll come out of here with at least one item.
5	Such a fun little store and competitive pricing too! GREAT prices for souvenirs, I recommend coming here, so many cool things that are cheap and pretty okay quality for friends and family here.
