5	I've been to this location twice.  This is the only Prada store in AZ.  The service here is great.  Super friendly and helpful.  I was offered a beverage like many upscale stores do.  It's nothing major, but just nice that they want to make you comfortable while in their store.This last time I went in, I was looking for something specific.  Even though they did not have it at this location, they were able to find it for me and have it shipped to my home(the color I was looking for is not available online).
5	Prada is great in customer service and this location serves up some great customer service both in person and over the phoneIt has a good men's selection but I know that it could be a little biggerSizes can be a little issue but the staff will surely help you find something and have it delivered to your house or into the storeSo that is no biggie at allAnna provides great customer service and she is so friendlyI will continue to go back
5	The staff here is so friendly and helpful. Unlike some upscale stores where they look at you, deem you unworthy and ignore  you, at Prada they wait on the sidelines with smiles and a helpful attitude. And the quality of Prada bags goes without question. Though I didn't buy anything this time, I still love this store.
4	The staff is very helpful and the store atmosphere is nice. Now the downside, the phone number doesn't work, it goes directly to fax. The website is completely lacking and not user friendly at all.
2	Lovely store with a nice selection of Prada goods.  I was Christmas shopping and the sales lady was very helpful with her suggestions.  However, I was asked what I did for a living, and she began to pry even further into my occupation.  I have never been asked this question while shopping at a high-end store, so I was definitely taken aback.  Is this normal?  It can't be. Who does that?  In slight paranoia, I began thinking that since I didn't fit the visual profile of a corporate exec, rapper, stripper, or trophy wife, she couldn't figure out why I was (or could be) shopping there, and her curiosity got the best of her.  In Julia Roberts' Pretty Woman words, "Big mistake."  I went elsewhere.
4	One of my favorite bags is a Prada that my husband gave me. I travel a lot for work and this bag is always with me. Last year I noticed that part if the leather was starting to fray. We brought it to Prada to send in for repair. I wish I would have taken before and after pictures, because the Prada lab did a great job repairing my bag. It looks as good as the day it was purchased and the total for the repair was only $60. I am very pleased with the whole experience.
