2	We stayed in the Barcelo Edinburgh Carlton Hotel the first weekend of August 2009 for 3 nights. Whether you like this hotel or not is going to be very taste dependent. First, there's no doubting that it's in an excellent location: right on the Royal Mile at the opposite end of the street from Edinburgh Castle. The view from our room were great & it's walking distance to many must-see places within Edinburgh.The downside to its location, however, is the sheer noise from the street that occurs during the Fringe Festival/Edinburgh Festival. Because the Royal Mile is lined with pubs, rowdy drinkers were out whooping it up directly beneath our window until 5 a.m. If you do decide to stay there during the Festivals, make sure to avoid taking a room overlooking the Royal Mile. The hotel itself is nice. The staff cooly efficient. When I developed problems with my flat iron & suspected it might be the outlet, the staff responded almost immediately to my request to inspect it (it wasn't the outlet). The lobby is grand & spacious, though not really outfitted for sitting for long periods of time & people watching due to the lack of seating.However, the rooms are beginning to show their age with worn carpeting and furniture that has seen better days. Despite this, however, the rooms were clean and had a few amenities: iron & ironing board, pants presser, hair dryer, safe, refrigerator. All in all, the rooms were not unattractive, just not as newly refurbished as I've come to expect.But it would have been vastly more comfortable had the air conditioning actually worked. The days we were there, it was sweltering inside the hotel room, despite the air-con going all day & night. I think the heat was due in part to the full wall, ceiling-height single pane windows that let the direct sun in all day long, despite having the curtains drawn during midday to help keep the heat out. Despite our inquiries, we were told that the air conditioning was, in fact, working--though clearly to no effect.In sum, I think I would probably look elsewhere to see if something else in the area was available before staying here again, though I wouldn't completely rule this hotel out due to the convenience of its location. But I definitely would NOT stay there in the middle of summer in the room that we had--the noise & air conditioning situation were just too uncomfortable for me to bear again.
4	This beautiful hotel is located in the perfect spot right off the Royal Mile.  It is easy to walk to the Palace or Castle from this location.  The staff was friendly and courteous during my entire stay. I greatly enjoyed staying here for a week with my family while visiting the wonderful city of Edinburgh.The complimentary breakfast has a good variety of hot meats, eggs, beans, cold fruits, cereal, bread and croissants.The rooms are nicely decorated and the bathrooms are large.  My only complaint is inconsistencies with the cleaning staff.  They did not change my towels.  I am fine with using the same towels for a few days, but what really bothered me was the fact that they didn't change the washcloths.  I finally left a note with a tip requesting clean washcloths, and I received one.  I didn't receive any more clean washcloths until I again left a note with a tip.  Also, they didn't leave new water in the fridge or tea packets daily, just from time to time.  I did, however get a little bonus of lip balm and a face spray one day next to my soap.
1	THE HOTEL CARLTON DOUBLE BOOKS AND THE STAFF IS INCOMPETENT!  Well ain't that just bitchen?  The Carlton hotel, run by the Hotel Collection in the UK accepted 20, 000 pounds back in the spring to reserve a room for our event all day today.  Two months ago, they double-booked the room to another group who are in it now and will not be out until this evening.  The Hotel is refusing to give us that room or another similar room for our event.  Even the bartenders are incompetent... One of our group saw a bartender look up the recipe for a martini.. A freaking martini.  And yes, I am using the hotel wifi to tell you this.  Avoid hotels run by this group.
