4	My brother told me about this new Indian restaurant that just opened it's doors on Banksville road - home to a slew of other Indian shops.  I was eager to try it out, as rumor is the restaurant is owned by the former head chef at Tamarind.  I have always loved the food at Tamarind, so I thought i would give this place a try.Food: Delicious, and fairly priced.  They have a very good range of food (North Indian, South Indian, and Indo-Chinese).  Their Indo-Chinese is to die for.  I ordered their Veg Hakka noodles, it's was very spicy and flavorful.  We also tried the Veg Manchurian, a different take on the typical Gobi Manchurian.  It's quite soft in the center, but a welcome change.  I've been there twice, and both times as I was happily satisfied each time.  They also have different types of Indo-Chinese dishes, and North Indian dishes that I haven't seen elsewhere. Give this new Indian restaurant a try - you won't be sorry!
2	Well, my boyfriend was talking to the owner of the Indian Grocery on Greentree Rd and he explained that there was a new Indian restaurant opening up on Banksville with the chef from Tamarind behind the wheel. Needless we had to try it. I must say that it didn't excite me. The food was just adequate. I ordered something that I normally don't order (I'm a Mali Kofta girl) and it is a pretty popular item I'm sure. I've had better at the Days Inn down the road. That's pretty sad. The boy had soup and something else and just wasn't a fan. I think we'll be going back to Tamarind.
2	Started off with the chilli chicken and the andhra pepper chicken fry. Awesome food. And then the lamb biryani was pretty good, and just as we started to enjoy the food, the experience started going downhill. First the dal makhni. Was as bland as you can get. No salt, no spices, no whatsoever spices, despite asking for a spice rating of 7/10 for the dal.Mistake no.1 forgiven. Ordered a paratha(a bread) and as we were eating it, we find a piece of polythene cooked along with the bread. Disgusting. We mentioned that to the waitress and she apologises and tries to talk to the chef. Apparently the chef has disappeared, so she tells the manager, who cares two hoots about our complaint. Is this how you'd treat a customer? This attitude of the restaurant's management is absolutely shocking and I have to admit that though some of the dishes at the restaurant are absolutely fantastic, the service is absolutely pathetic and deplorable. It ruins the whole experience of eating out in a restaurant. Coupled with the sad devil may care attitude of the management, I'm afraid that I will not be going back to this place any time soon. For a restaurant that has opened up recently and looking for patronage from customers, I'm sorry to say that, they are horrible. I wish they would atleast learn to respect a customer and acknowledge their mistakes.
3	For a city with a sizable Indian population, Pittsburgh's Indian restaurant scene can be pretty hit or miss.  After reading a very good review of Mintt in the City Paper, I decided to give it a go.  After missing it on the first pass (look for the red awning of a Verizon store), Belle and I settled in to what seems to be a converted garage--keep that in mind for winter months if you have thin skin.  It's still a new place and the decor is pretty minimal.  Being a converted space, the place has a slight cavernous feel to if there aren't too many other diners there, but that changes considerably once the place fills up, but not a romantic first date kind of place.The menu itself is pretty extensive, which is both a blessing and a curse.  I'm always a little suspect of places that have massive menus since I generally don't trust that the cook has THAT many knock out recipes in his/her repertoire.  Still, the menu was a good mix of expected dishes and relatively obscure ones.  We started out with Chicken 55, a fried chicken appetizer that's a take on street food.  Very good--the chicken was moist without being greasy and nicely spiced.  I ordered biryani and Belle ordered lamb curry.  She said "6" when asked how spicy she wanted her curry.  My biryani was fantastic--fragrant, flavorful, whatever you may be looking for in a biryani was in it.  The curry was pretty bland.  Others have commented on how spicy food at Mintt is, so I'm wondering if you actually have to say you want it spicy to get it spicy--otherwise you get the "adjusted for the Pittsburgh palate" level of spice.Still, an excellent meal.  Service was good, although I noticed that once the place filled up, the newer tables experienced slight delays (although nothing I would consider egregious).
5	Best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh.  Delicious buffet, and well priced.
2	I'm struggling with writing this review, as sometimes individual dishes here can be quite good. I've had the buffet here 4 times, and each time there have been issues. Today was no different. I'm a big fan of rasam, the spicy South Indian soup, and, while the rasam here is delicious, it's never, ever hot. Again today, lukeworm soup. Last time I complained, but today I thought "why bother?", as it appears they didn't learn anything from the last time. When I went to dish it out, there were no soup cups or bowls there, only the little saucers that they serve their chutney and pickles in, and teacups for the nonexistent chai. When I asked the woman there for a larger bowl, she went to the kitchen and brought some out, but the owner, who was overseeing this exchange in his micro-managey way, stopped her and then brought me one of these little saucers to serve myself some soup in. Really, it's like a thimbleful. So ok, annoying, but not a deal breaker. On the buffet there is a meat section and a vegetarian section, and there are always interesting dishes available that you might not find at other Indian restaurants. Today they had goat curry and chicken biryani. I like their goat curry, but the chicken biryani was too spicy. I also don't really like meat in a stew to be served on the bone, and both of these were...it's just too damn hard to eat. I like spicy food, but they go overboard with the cayenne here. I'm seeing from some of the other reviews that this chef is from Tamarind, and now I understand, as Tamarind uses too much cayenne also. Better Indian chefs rely less on cayenne and more on fresh green chiles and an array of dried chiles to spice their food. It shows a lack of creativity and subtlety that this guy just dumps cayenne all over everything. Lots of the dishes have this problem, even the toor dal, which should never be hot...you lose all of the other delicious flavors. There was a Northern Indian veggie dish on the buffet today that would have been good but for the overwhelming preponderence of garam masala, which effectively wiped out the taste of every other ingredient in the stew. The one bright spot on the buffet today was a delicious vegetable upma. Upma is a sort of cereal made with rava or semolina, often eaten for breakfast in Southern India. When it shows up on a buffet, it says comfort food to me, and this one was good; flecked with whole cumin and mustard seeds, with broccoli and carrots that were done to perfection. But for that I might have gone hungry. The folks from Tamarind also took over one of the only other good Indian restaurants in the area when they bought the place in Cranberry. I can't remember the name of it then, but now it's Taste of India. It was a great restaurant before they bought it...now the food is like at all of their other restaurants. If you do go to Mintt, don't show up just as they open. They'll let you in the door, but then ask you to wait while they finish setting up the buffet. That chai tea never did make an appearance today, so they're not ready for business when they open their doors. None of these things alone would stop me from going there, but, taken all together, they equal a very poor dining experience. One of the reviewers here mentioned that the Indian food scene here in Pittburgh has been rather spotty. I'd say it still is.
2	The place is a converted garage and needs a make up very badly. Service is bad even when there were only two tables occupied. The waiter mixed up orders got a non vegetarian dish for a vegetarian dish. No apologies not even a sorry, he just shrugs his shoulder and says " it happens .."   We ordered for bread, again got wrong paranthas and had to remind for naan twice.. Overall not a pleasant experience. only saving grace was veg manchurian which as good . Pittsburgh still lacks a good Indo chinese restaurant like Bamboo garden in Cleveland.   This place is not worth a try !
4	Good butter paneer. Malai kofta used to be good but was markedly different (in a bad way) last time we ordered it. I like it better than Namaste and Tamarind.
4	For an Indian who craves good Indian food, it is not always easy to find in Pittsburgh. The Mintt is probably my favorite place to get Indian food in Pittsbugh, second only to Udupi in Monroeville.I've eaten here three times- once a proper off the menu dinner, and twice at the weekend buffet lunch.Pros: The food is excellent. If you want to try something other than the standard vegetable-in-cream-sauce type food, Mintt is your place. The chef is from Hyderabad, I believe, and he brings that flair to some of the more unusual dishes they serve.For our sit down dinner, we had the whole eggplants in the sesame sauce, and they were a revelation. Indo-chinese vegetable manchurian is a specialty of mine, and I can safely say that Mintt's is finger-licking good.Off the buffets, we really enjoyed the paav bhaji- spicy curried mashed potatoes with buttered, toasted bread, a street side snack which is not a common find. Same goes for the tava vegetables this time- very nicely done. The desserts are good and not watered down.Cons: It's your standard ethnic restaurant, in that service can be spotty, and the buffet table may not be properly stocked with the right kind of dishes. The chai, while excellent in flavor, has been lukewarm both times. For the sake of the food, though, I would gladly overlook these little hiccups and return to Mintt each time.
4	Great find in the middle of nowhere Banksville Road.  I'd just about given up on Indian food in the Burgh (except for Taj Majal up on McKnight Road... but who is going to drive there on a regular basis?) and my friend pulled me back in.  This place has all three of my trinity of cream based chickeny goodness favorites - Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma, and Butter Chicken.  In a pinch, I always get one of these three.  This time, I got the Chicken Korma and the Lamb Saag.  Both were delicious, and spice-y in a way that I hadn't had before (i.e., not spicy as in hot, but spicy as in lots of interesting spices).  We contemplated one of the many naan choices, but ultimately decided to skip the carbs.  In retrospect, I wish we had gotten some, because the sauces here were great.I also got a mango lassi, which was spiked with cardamon, which I wasn't used to, but still tasty.  Just a heads up.In sum, a good find that I will go to again should I ever find myself up over thataway.
3	Indian DH and I took a few family members the other night.  I had been a few times, it was everyone else's first.  It's pretty good- the menu is probably too big to do any one thing well (they cover the entire continent rather than North or South as our favorite places tend to do).  The food is consistent, nothing is out of this world but I haven't had anything I didn't like.  I wish they'd spice things up more- it doesn't seem to matter whether we ordered a 4 or an 8, it was all about the same.  Love it for lunch, very friendly staff, it's not my top Indian place in Pittsburgh but it's ideal for an introduction to the cuisine and we'll definitely bring friends here again.
5	Just love this place... New management taking Absolute care on quality of food... If u r Biryani lover, u must try Goat biryani here.... I just fell in love with goat biryani at this place also good is Chicken fried rice, chilli chicken dry... Super like this place :)
5	Place has great food,  prices, service and atmosphere. Recommend it any time someone tells me they love curry.
4	Great food. One of the better Indian restaurants i've been to in Pittsburgh.
3	Definitely recommend Buffet over Dine in, especially the weekend buffet. The dine-in was quite ordinary. Felt like everything was floating in tomato soup. On the contrary Weekend Buffet had lot of tasteful choices, ranging from Upidi Sambar to Mint Chilli Chutney. A special mention for the Dosa's (Indian rice crepes), Dosa's are made to order and are delightfully tasteful.
3	Solid 3 stars. We enjoyed our meal fully. The paneer tikka masala was very good and the shrimp biryani was as well. We ordered the garlic naan was good but I must admit I definitely prefer the naan from India Garden in Oakland. Theirs is much bigger and seems more authentic with the big crispy bubbles and then the soft chewy center also. All in all good place. 3 and a half stars if I could give a half.
5	We eat at a lot of Indian buffets for lunch and we think this is a really, good one.  The weekday lunch buffet is $7.99 (I think) and includes tea.  Lots of options, really tasty.  Very friendly service.
5	Really good weekend lunch buffet ($11)!     I've been trying lots of Indian buffets in the area and they've all been very predictable and very weakly spiced.   This buffet goes beyond the typical chicken tikka masala, Chana masala etc and gives you lots of non typical buffet items.   It was very flavorful, spicier than most of the Indian buffets around here but by no means tear producing.    After so many disappointing Indian buffets in apittsburgh, I'm going to stick with Mintt.
5	I love this place. Everyone is very friendly and attentive, and the food is A+!  Of course, I get the same thing every time (and they remember!) but it's so good. I'd definitely, and do, recommend this place for anyone that's into Indian food.
2	Meal Description:  Rubber chicken placed in bowl of Campbell's tomato soup, no Mango Lassi, two spoons (no fork), butter naan and garlic naan (unable to differentiate), level of satisfaction = none.
4	I ordered the Mutter Paneer, my usual dish when I visit a new Indian restaurant.  The dish was great, spiced to an adequate level for the "7" that I ordered.  My husband ordered the vegetable korma which had a great spicy sweetness and met the expectations of a spice level of "6". The service was exceptional and far exceeded the expected based on previous reviews of this restaurant.  Prices were fair and location near to our house cannot be beat. We will definitely be back!
2	Yo I just came from an event catered by these ppl.  The naan was not warmed, the veggies were overcooked and the cream-based sauces were bland and lacking spice.  Sorry, no good criticism for this culinary experience.  Well, maybe one - they didn't screw up the rice.Perhaps they do it better in smaller batches like at the restaurant.  I'm open to trying it, though not unless someone else is paying.
4	Really good food! I don't ever care for indian food that was not made by either my mother or myself so my rating, I would think, counts for something. We've been to two events catered by Mintt and though no event can go without any flaws the food was pretty on point for the most part! The manchurian and samosa chat was out of this world and the mango lassi, though not sweet enough for my taste, was cold and refreshing. There was a live dosa station, which everyone really liked but I didn't try because I don't like dosas. But it looked cool? Anyway, good food and maybe we'll try the restaurant one day.
4	This place really is one of the best Indian places in Pittsburgh, definitely in the south hills. It doesn't look like much, but service is awesome, food is even better.
5	I went there with my book club last week. The food was delicious. I especially enjoyed the sesame naan which I had never had before that night. Everyone loved their food and the portions were very generous. The service was super friendly and very attentive. We really appreciated the byob with no corkage fee. Overall a fun budget- friendly night!
5	Excellent food.  Had a variety of north, south Indian, and Hakka Chinese( Indian Chinese - Gobi Manchurian...) food.  Very tasty.  Loved the service.
3	When you first walk in, the atmosphere is surprisingly luxe.  Considering I was coming in from a strip mall parking lot, I was surprised when I saw the jewel-toned walls and white tablecloths.  Pleasantly surprised!The menu is so big it's a little overwhelming.  They have it split up into Indo-Manchurian, South Indian, and a few other categories like veggie, lamb, chicken, etc.I came with two other people and we ordered samosas, two kinds of naan (rosemary and regular), chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, and an eggplant curry dish.The naan and samosas were delicious.  The guys loved their chicken dishes, but my eggplant entree was a little short on eggplant and was pretty much a bowl full of sauce.  Hot, delicious curry sauce--so I still ate most of it anyway, just scooping it up with the naan. We also shared a bottle of wine.  It's BYOB with no corkage fee, so that's a definite plus.  The minus is that they are slooooooooooow with water.  Come on, people!  I ordered an "8" on the spice scale!They were also painfully slow in bringing the check.  Like, so slow that we were about to walk up to the counter to pay because we thought that was the way to be able to leave.  We got to the restaurant at 7:15, were done eating in an hour, and didn't leave until after 9.  What?!  It's kind of a laissez-faire waiting style, similar to what you'd expect in a French cafe.  Not what I'd expect from a full-service restaurant in Pittsburgh though.Bottom line--atmosphere: great, food: good, service: the worst.  Give it a try if you're not in a hurry.
4	My favorite Indian buffet in Pittsburgh.  The food is fresh (even though it's on a buffet) and they switch the dishes in the buffet each day.  The place is also very clean.
3	We made an unplanned stop for a late dinner on the way home around a little bit after 8pm. We were immediately seated along the wall with some free Pappar (crunchy tortilla like chips) and water.Besides indian dish, they had some indo-chinese dishes on the menu which I personally did not care for. We ordered the Lamb Kadai and a chicken Biryani along with some naan. The Lamb Kadai was good but the chicken Biryani wasn't quite what we expected. It wasn't bad - Let's just say, I've had better at other places. Also, the server forgot to bring the yogurt thing that usually comes with the Biryani. However, another server brought us that mid way through our meal. Overall, a decent visit. I would definitely give another shot. Besides that minor hiccup with the yogurt thing - the service overall was pretty good.
1	Worst Indian I have ever had which was confusing since it was recommended. Spices and naan was flavorless. Service was horrible. I will never return again.
5	My favorite Indian place. The service is so charming and consistently pleasant and efficient. I LOVE the buffet. They will custom cook dosas for you. The good is perfectly spiced and the selection is very good. Great cheap eats too!
2	The place was freezing yesterday.  The plates were cold making the food cold.  I've eaten here a few times and have had about enough now.  They refuse to put small bowls out for the soup.  They took the cups off the buffet years ago so you couldn't use those and are using styrofoam for the tea.  Shame on you!  Lazy and wasteful.  How many trips am I supposed to make to the buffet for some rasam.  It's ridiculous and thoughtless.The food is mostly very tasty and well prepared.  My problem lies with the amount of cayenne they put in EVERY dish.  ALL OF THEM.  I eat at hundreds of Indian restaurants all over the country and NONE except Tamarind in the Pittsburgh area are hotter. I would like to slowly enjoy my food not gulp it down quickly.  I like spicy but this is ridiculous.  The service has ranged from rude to ok here and the assortment of buffet items used to better. It's too bad.  I would come here more often.  I was at one of their places and they even made the raita hot.  Clueless.
4	My coworker and I go here when we are craving good Indian food. The dishes are a bit heavy on the oil (but I feel that this goes for most Indian restaurants). The service is also a bit slow sometimes.The taste is pretty authentic though. Wish this place was in PIttsburgh and delivered to the city.
1	My wife and I just returned from our first visit at The Mintt in some time.  I believe it will be our last.  In addition to virtually all of the buffet items being so spicy as to burn the mouth and leave the taste of fire (with no warning to the customer that the dish is fiery hot), I cannot get over the rude treatment by the man who apparently runs the dining room (I hope he is not the owner.)  He pointed to a table when we arrived, which was the only communication he had with us. He is glum and apparently considers customers to be a bother, as evidenced by the fact that when I paid the check, he did not look at me, thank me, or ask if everything was satisfactory; he did not say a word. For this, I paid $1.99 more than I do at wonderful All India of Oakland.  Now I have a new recognition of what a gem All India is.  Its owners and staff treat customers like king and queen, are highly attentive, provides an extraordinary array of delicious buffet items that are not overly spicy, and offers a comfortable, attractive dining room.  the owner/manager of The Mintt has a lot to learn.  How does The Mintt succeed when customers are subjected to this type of treatment?
5	This is one of the best Indian restaurants I have gone to, and the best in Pittsburgh in my opinion.  Their brunch buffets are always varied, and all of their items are good, not just a few speciality items.  The service is great, the staff is accommodating. I have eaten here many times, and it is always delicious.  I rarely leave reviews but I was just too appreciative of the buffet today, and had to give this place the rating it deserves.
1	One month after my unfortunate meal at The Mintt. I have received no response to my complaint about the rude, dismissive treatment or the overly spiced food.  The ownership is not concerned about customer satisfaction.  I shall not return and will adviseothers of my experience, in part through the beauty of Yelp!  Let the Indian food diner beware The Mintt!
1	Worst experience with restaurant dining ever.  They served bad fish for the fish tikka masala.  I should have called the health department.
3	Overall not a bad eating experience but it is certainly not the best. The goat biryani was not that great, the tangari kabab was cold. The chaats and the gajar ka halwa were good.
2	Had the lunch buffet on a Friday. Very disappointing selection for vegetarians. There was just Dal, sambar, rasam, beetroot sabzi, carrot rice (literally rice with some carrot slices and a few spices)  and veg pakoras. Literally nothing to eat with Naan apart from dal. Maybe I came in on a wrong day. Please call ahead and ask for the menu for the day before going. Had many expectations of this place. Maybe all the recommendations was for a la carte. Buffet was extremely disappointing.
5	If you want to try some true Indian cuisine but not some Americanized food, this is a go to place. I see lots of people talking about spice levels but this has to accommodate people who eat no spice from different nationalities to people who eat a lot of spice. So please do think when you pick a spice level, I'd suggest to be conservative if you are not used to spicy food.
1	Had the worst food ever today! We walked into the restaurant and got ourselves a table. The person taking the order looked heartbroken and took our order in sadness. In 10 minutes our appetizer arrived, it was a cold plate of chilli chicken, seemed like it was just out of the freezer and was served thawed. We turned that in and got a little warmer plate which was just edible. Then arrived the yuckiest main course of my life, we had ordered all our food at spice level 8 , but in real the food was super sweet and was filled with cream, so much so that it almost choked us and made it hard to swallow. The poor server came up to our table for a feedback and we told him how unhappy we were. He said he would try to fix it and went away.  Enter-a  lady with a fake accent ,she had a stinky attitude and she assured that all creamy food was sweet and walked away.Is this the service they provide? Wonder if they treat all the customers this way? or is it just Indians? They seriously served us crap.I can challenge this lady and the chef to cook chicken tikka masala at a spice level they desire. We also ordered an andhra chicken curry too which turned out stale and we could see the water separate from the onion gravy. Gross!! Is'nt it?? I would never go back to this restaurant and waste money. Hope i am alive tomorrow after eating the food. I already feel sick in my stomach! All the people in our group feel sick!
4	This was I believe my first visit to a Indian cuisine type of place. I think The Mintt was a great starting point for me. I went with a friend from work named Tanmoy and it's a Indian tradition to buy lunch for a first time guest at a Indian restaurant. Yes!! So I are for free!Ok, I admit it was a buffet and I was guessing at dishes. No idea but it was fun to try. I know one was Curry chicken and there was this red chicken too, some rices....I'm a novice!! I ate two plates and I really enjoyed the experience. The staff was very attentive, hot, zesty food. What else can you ask for? The cost is reasonable even though I went for free. I'm going to say....I'm going back!
3	I've been here 3 times and it's always what I would consider just ok. Nothing stand out or especially good, just fair to average with far fewer options that other local places like Taj Mahal. I'll come here for the lunch buffet if it's convenient and I'm really craving Indian, otherwise I bypass.
3	A lot has changed at this place.   All new faces and a whole different food.  But honestly the taste of the food has fallen below my expectation.   They had the best Hakka Noodles, Indian style chilli chicken, Gobi Manchurian and Goan shrimp.   But not anymore.   Even their special biriyani looks and tastes different.   I would give them one more chance before taking them off my favorite restaurants list.
2	Sunday buffet was disastrous.  None of the items were even average also. Butter chicken was probably the worst I ever had in my life. Will never go there again.
5	Sunday - Lunch Buffet on 09/14/2014I went with my family for the lunch buffet.   It was unbelievably good.  I was totally surprised to see such good food in buffet.     They had freshly made wheat halwa which was mind blowing.    They had a good variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian food.   Also they served fresh Dosa on every table.   I could not have asked more for the bucks I paid.
5	Quite possibly the best of all the Indian buffets , in Pittsburgh ...The current owners took over from the original owners who in my opinion kind of mis-managed the place when it first opened ... it was too formal, too posh ..The new owners have toned all that formality down and made it approchable and fun with nice colorful decor and etc.The Saturday buffet is extra special with more dishes put on the buffet ...The tandoori chicken is among the best i've ever had .  The chicken chettinai (not sure the spelling) is amazing .Not the easiest to get to - on Banksville Road but definetly worth a visit ...
