4	Last Sunday I slept in and missed the 9am yoga class that I was planning on going to at my gym.  Rather than skip yoga completely, I jumped online and noticed that Sumit's new Biltmore location (in the Town & Country Plaza) had a 2pm class taught by Beri (one of my fave yoga teachers), so I planned my day accordingly.  I really needed a sweat after spending the entire previous week eating and drinking my way through San Fran.I was pleasantly surprised by how clean the studio was... and the bathroom had a nice shower too although I opted to go home to shower after class.  The class itself was the same format I've taken at other Sumit locations... a combo of flowing poses with some music in a very HOT room.  I look at Sumit's yoga as a combination of a regular flow yoga class and a Bikram class.  It is pretty intense and it was so hot last Sunday that I had to sit out a few poses.  I left dripping wet but I felt amazing! Instead of paying $18 for a drop-in class, I chose to pay $2 more to take advantage of the $20 for two weeks of unlimited yoga.  Unfortunately, packages from other Sumit locations don't transfer.  Have I been back? Not yet but I still have another 8 days to take advantage of it!
1	Easter Sunday, went out to pick up some dinner for the family at Chilli's and I noticed a Hot yoga studio was offering a two week special. I walked in and said, Hello, and the girl at the counter barely acknowledged me; she was busy typing away on her blackberry. I walked up to the counter stood there and still nothing. Stood there for another five seconds. She was still on her little blackberry, so I turned around and walked out. There was no greeting, no "How are you?", no, "Can I help you with anything?", no, "I will be with you in one moment". . . NOTHING! I just wanted some info so that I could sign up. I live nearby so it would have been perfect, now it looks like I will just have to find a place that actually has customer service. Very disheartening.
5	Ok' long story short - got a 2 weeks of unlimited yoga for $20 coupon in the mail, decided to give it a try. You have to show up at least 15min in advance to register, well I did my registration and reservation for a class on their web site which is very convenient. The yoga studio is very clean and very hot :) but that's what hot yoga is supposed to be like right?Overall awesome experience, and I most likely will need to buy more classes once this 2 week trial is over.
5	9/3/2010I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way I think you should take a moment to read my two cents about this place.Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot  yoga offer from Sumit yoga. Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have  a partner in crime.. lol ). So I thought I would try it. Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years  and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me.Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean with having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my  workout or whatever you want to call it. Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore.. lol So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look  and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself .I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer.My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out. I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available whiting a reach in only 70 minutes not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end. After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ..lol.***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for all Sumit's  studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!!  *** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.
5	I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way  take a moment to read my two cents about this place.Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot  yoga offer from Sumit yoga. Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have  a partner in crime.. lol ). So I thought I would try it. Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years  and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me.Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean ... having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my  workout or whatever you want to call it. Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore..  So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look  and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself .I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer.My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out. I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available withing a reach in only 70 minutes. Not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end. After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ...*** I have checked out  reviews for Sumit's yoga @ few locations.I think if you there to pay attention to other things then to get the best out of your practice you need to find more socially interactive outlet. Personal insults are just a sign of very unstable and judgmental people. If you get a bad apple from the tree that does not mean that the whole tree is bad!***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for  Sumit's  studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!!  *** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.
4	Sumits yoga is addicting.  You feel so great after these hour and 15 minute classes.  My favorite teacher is Jordan--he rocks.
4	Sumits Biltmore has been my go-to yoga studio since I moved here about 2 years ago.  The style of yoga is a combination of bikram and ashtanga.  Utilizes fast-paced movements to keep the heartrate up, while taking time to focus on various standing postures.  All in all I do like the style and the different music makes the class fly by.  They keep the room nice and hot & steamy-- just the way I like it.  When it comes to yoga, the hotter the better!  Great for beginners to advanced yogi's-- easy to catch on to the routine, yet still challenging if you have been coming for awhile.  All of the instructors I've had have been great with tons of positive energy!Try the 2 weeks for 20 -- if you like it, do yourself a favor and get on their e-mail list serve.  They will send out emails periodically for customer appreciations days and such where you get discounts off the packages to make it more affordable.
3	This is a beautiful studio. I love the wood floors as opposed to the carpet at Bikram. It is very clean and they have Lululemon is stock which is always awesome. Love me some Lulu. The regular Sumit's classes which are a 75 min combo of Bikram (poses that are held) and flow are great. The flow at the beginning of class gets me super flexible and makes time fly. The hour flow classes are my favorite. Flowing in a heated room is such an intense experience. The only down side I have is that it seems a bit competitive and click-ish. I just never felt very welcome. It seems that some of the other yelps have had similar experience but it is not something that will keep me away. I will continue to drop in on occasion.
4	I have been practicing yoga off and on for the past four years, but Sumits had me hooked all summer long. I started off on the two weeks for twenty hoops deal, which is too super of an opportunity to pass up. During those two weeks, I quickly discovered that I couldn't possibly live without the Sumits flow class. I went every morning until my two weeks was up, and even got two of my non-yogi friends to join me on their two week adventures. At the end of my new student trial, I decided to suck it up and buy another month. $140 dollars (new student discount) and another month later, the results of consistent attendance began to show! I had abs! Which is great, because the entire class is wearing minimal amounts of clothing anyway. But I mean, who would've known?! I was having such amazing physical results and I loved sweating for an hour+ (there's nothing like looking like you just climbed out of a pool with no body of water in sight). So, I went on and bought another two months. Unfortunately, Sumits, I could afford to love you no longer. As a full-time student and part-time coffee slinger, I couldn't afford to spend the money on my rockin' summer bod any longer. ($168 for a month of unlimited with a student discount!) So, I would encourage anyone to give the two for twenty deal a try. Sumits hot yoga was an incredible experience for me. The classes are always packed and the music is always bumpin': from Prince, to Ke$ha, traditional chanting, Whiz Khalifa, instrumental, and Ray LaMontagne. Whether you're a beginner or advanced yogi, there's much to gain! And who knows, maybe twenty dollars will buy you rock hard abs for two weeks. Worth. It.
2	ehhhhhhh I mean nothing was wrong with Sumit's per say it.... just.... wasnt.... my thing? Kinda weird to be honest. I wouldnt call it "yoga", I'd say its more like "moving around in a hot room-doing the occasional downward dog-listening to the Black Eyed Peas-then saying namaste at the end" time. huh. so yeah not quite "yoga"ugh like I want to say something nice about this place but I can't really think of anything. OOoooo they sell nice headbands in front- so theres something. I guess I just prefer more traditional yoga over this, whatever this is....
4	I love this place.  The teachers are wonderful (especially Kim and Sumit) the practice is addictive and you leave the place looking like a drowned rat.  Great work out, I just wish it was closer to where I live.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  I started doing Bikram Yoga in 2009 and had tried Sumit's a couple of times before - now that I live in the area I did the 30-day challenge in Dec and got super hooked...the instructors are phenomenal (Kim, Julie, Jordan, and Gina are my favs) and they offer variety; you can take the 80 min. "Sumit's Yoga" and they also offer hour-long flow classes for the more traditional yogi or yogini...i got to practice a few things I had never tried before and in the hot room your body is all limbered up!  Come join me, I am committed for the next 3 months at least! ;)
4	A little different than what I'm used to but, I love Gina's class.
4	I know nothing about Yoga, but I do understand what I enjoy and this was the best $20 I have spent on myself in a very long time.I stole the wifes mat and showed up a little unprepared, they lent me a towel and gave me a water bottle. I know they normaly would charge for these items, but they offered first. I went to the 4pm class and it was just full enough, the after 5 class looked very busy.The instructor took the time to help me find a spot where I could learn without impacting anyone else. She didn't focus on me and didn't point out that it was my first time, she treated me just like everyone else, that is exactly what i wanted. I will use the unlimted forst 2 weeks as much as possible and I can see myself enjoying their space for a long time.
5	I have been going to this studio for a little over a year and I absolutely love it! The Sumits sequence is awesome, combining the best of Bikram and Vinyasa Flow. The heat makes it challenging and a great work-out for your mind, body, and soul! The owner, staff, and teachers are wonderful and make you feel like family :)
1	Customer Service at Sumit's is TERRIBLE!!!  I remember why I chose not to join in the past because of how terrible this place is run.  One of the Manager is completely unprofessional, flustered in front of customers during busy times.  Disrespectful to new patrons (personally & witnessed rapport with new clients), unreal.  I would not recommend this studio for a varierty of reasons.
5	I can't tell you how amazing Sumit's yoga is, but it isn't everyone's cup of tea. Luckily they offer a great package for newbies to test it before committing to a long-term package which while it is pricey has been worth every dollar for me. There has only been one instructor I didn't like. Make sure you go to one of Kim Ewan's classes!
5	This is my favorite yoga studio to visit.  I'm excited to say that I purchased the 50 class package and I cannot wait to start using it.First thing is when you walk in, you get welcomed by a warm room and an amazingly nice receptionist.Next the place is so clean.  Hot yoga has a drawback because everyone sweats and obviously this sweat falls to the grown.  I love how Sumit's has wooden floors and the staff mops them after practice.  This is SOOO much better than the dirty carpets that absorbs the sweat and smells.Finally, the instructors are so informative.  They will answer all your questions, give you pointers, and make you realize you did some of the moves correct on your first visit.  They are a great support when you are trying something completely new.I recommend this studio to all my friends.
5	have been going this studio for over a year now. I really love going to Jordan's classes. He is the best instructor there - he just gives out great energy through out class that I haven't noticed in other instructors. his music selection, volume level of music, and loud voice tone all compliment him as a perfect yoga teacher in my eyes.I bought the 30 class package and as long as he continues to teach there, I will continue to practice there. Thank you Jordan and Sumit!p.s. - I also like that the floors are wood instead of carpet.
2	Classes are good but everyone who works there is rude. I feel uncomfortable every time I walk in there. No acknowledgement whatsoever at the front desk. The yoga teacher and receptionist are busy chatting away about what they are doing later that night. Won't even look at me as I am standing there waiting to pay. Nice facility and decent classes, but terrible customer service.
4	I tried out a Sumit's Yoga class when I was in Phoenix last Friday. I loved it. It was an insanely exhausting, awesome workout.I do a lot of Bikram yoga in Tucson and I really like how it incorporated almost all of the Bikram series into the series while also adding a bunch of power flow stuff. This class brings together all the things I love about different types of yoga classes I take at home. Perfect.I loved the music. I'm positive this is not for everyone, but for me if you add music to yoga it just makes the class fly by. I didn't love how the instructor would just abruptly change the song during the flow sequence so that you'd do a different song for each flow, but that really isn't the worst thing ever.The music did make it really hard to hear the instructor. I'm sure after you've gone a few times and know the series this doesn't matter, but if you're new I'd recommend putting yourself in the back row in the middle to be closest to the instructor so you can actually hear what they're saying.The studio is gorgeous. I love how the wood floors look. I do also now understand why Bikram studios have carpet, things get slippery, stay on your mat!The $20 for two weeks of classes for new students is a great deal. If I lived in Phoenix I'd so be taking advantage of it and I'm sure I'd make this place a regular spot to work out.
5	I've been going to Sumits Biltmore for over a month now and LOVE it. The studio is clean, gorgeous and always smells nice (not like bikram, how the carpet combined with everyone's sweat can make for a not so amazing odor).It seems to be a much better workout than doing bikram, as it incorporates those poses, in addition to a power flow. The music is also a HUGE help, especially at those 5:30 a.m. classes, when you need a boost to get moving in the morning. Would highly recommend it and for those just starting out, it's only $20 for 2 weeks so you can't beat that. I signed up for monthly unlimited, which also ended up being cheaper than the bikram studio I was at prior. Great place and I'd definitely check out Kim's classes - she's a great instructor!
4	I go to Sumit's because I get a solid 1 hour 20 minute stretch and workout. I do not have the build of a yogi. I'm bulky and husky. But, that's ok. I don't ever feel judged because I can't do the handstand or crazy back-bends that all the talented and flexible ladies can do. You're encouraged to go at your own pace; sitting in child's pose is perfectly acceptable.I started going because I picked up a Groupon and have continued paying for sessions ever since. I have seen the benefits of the stretching and the heat makes it easier to really loosen up your muscles. It's also a great primer for basic yoga positions. Remember to bring lots of water because you will need it. I've gone through nearly a gallon during one session before. Really good for detoxing. After each session I walk out feeling great and am looking forward to my next practice.For the more advanced yoga practitioners - check out the Power Flow. Those classes are a lot more intense.
5	I started hot yoga at Sumits in May 2012 and I am a true addict. The instructors are great and each have their own flare. The schedules are very workable. I wish it were a bit cheaper but apparently I'm willing to pay.
3	The staff is very friendly and I really liked the teacher, but the studio is not at all what I expected. I realized how much I like carpet floors as these floors are COVERED in sweat after class. I've done Bikram before but the floors never looked like this. I thought the music was nice as it helps give you a little push, and it's a great workout. The studio is very small and it was just a mess before and after class as there is no where to sit before class or to sit when you get out. It's extremely crammed and nothing like any other Bikram studio I've been to. I also really enjoy staying a few minutes after class but here you feel rushed because they have to hurry and clean the floors for the next class. This is probably my least favorite studio, there is absolutely no room in the bathroom or outside of class to do anything!
5	I have been practicing yoga for almost a decade and have never been to a studio so inviting. The staff was extremely friendly and the studio was very comfortable. Matt taught the midday hot vinyasa flow and I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. I visited Sumits on Camelback with a Groupon, which I would recommend to any semi-yogi like me. Not only is the studio and staff great, but it is located in the most adorable shopping center with the perfect place for a post-yoga iced tea. Overall, Sumits is the IDEAL yoga studio...especially if you jump on the Groupon that's been available for quite some time.
5	This yoga studio has been with me through some ups and downs over the years.  Every time I find myself on my mat at Sumits Biltmore...I thank myself and more so thank the teachers for the beautiful practice.  April, Laura, and Kim have been amazing and I will continue to show my support as they have helped me greatly in life with their  practice :). Namaste
5	I decided I needed to try getting back to yoga after a decade since I had practiced it.  I found this place through a LS coupon special, to try a month of classes there.  I have gone 7 times so far, and I am truly pleased with everything.  The studio is lovely, with wood floors, which are cleaned up quickly after each class.  I've had a different teacher each time and they are all great.  The heat was very hard for me to tolerate at first but I did notice great benefits on my skin from it, which I love.  There are showers for afterwards and everything is supplied, even towels, shampoo, etc,  if one needs these things.    I think the best benefit is that my body is quickly starting to change, toned up, more flexible, and I am sleeping better:  all in all,  I am much more tolerant of the practice.  I love it.
5	Thank you Sumits Yoga! First of all thank you for your lovely staff. They all make you feel welcome. Love Erin! I was somewhat apprehensive with the whole hot yoga thing; fear of reinjuring my hamstrings, fear of passing out and creating mayhem when everyone is practicing being calm. Erin's personality allowed me to be brave. As it turns out even at my age I can actually do this! Are you listening? This is my message: This whole hot yoga experience was in and of itself an experiment to see if it would assist in clearing my psorasis that I have had for over 10 years. Yep, I took pictures to track my progress. I changed my diet, added super foods & super herbs, only use organic products, (love The Seaweed Bath Co Products) but the biggest change was trying to do hot yoga 5 days a week. It's going on 2 months and I do not always make 5 days a week more like 3 days a week. So far my skin has improved 75%. If you know anything about psorasis this is significant. I have also met some really lovely people. Love the staff; keep up the great work and thank you from the bottom of my heart.M. Lynch
3	So my experience and opinion is slightly different than the other reviewers.  There are what I think clear pros and cons to the place, which I probabaly driven by being a beginner yogi.  Pros*Great Location and Offers Multiple Locations*Plays music during flow series in the class*Clean studio*Overall general good vibe Cons*I was under the impression is was Bikram with a small flow series between standing and floor series.  My class was almost all flow.  Bikram is already so hot which is one of the reasons you go slow.  Doing a flow in a hot yoga room versus heated room, my heart rate was thru the roof adn I couldnt breath (and I breath good in traditional bikram)*I really feel this is an ADVANCED studio, it is so packed there is no way for the teacher to offer varitions to new students, every inch of the place is filled.*Wodo floors, never thought I would say I understand why Bikram has carpet - I get it now.  I thought I was going to bust my bum when I stood up, there are buckets of sweat all over the floor.*Cubbies are right outside the bathroom and there is no room.  I would change the arrangment of the space amove move teh cubbies to the big wall in the front and the merchandise to the wall on the right when you walk in.  I am sure they are not making all their money on merchandise so I would give the space to your customers to store there stuff, there is clearly not enough room*Towel rentals.  I have to say I have never been to a gym or yoga studio were I had to pay to use a towel.  You may have to check it out in case you do not return, but I concider providing towels the cost of doing business.Overall, I do see why an advance yogi would like the studio, however if you are a beginner to hot yoga I would suggest a different studio.
5	I've been to several Bikram yoga studios that I would give 1 to 2 stars (and that was being generous). Suffice it to say, I am a very picky yogi. If a teacher has an attitude or doesn't let students grow, I will gladly walk out and go home. Which is why I am SO happy to have found this studio. I went on a Tuesday night at 7pm and will be consistently returning. Upon arriving, the assistant at the desk was extremely nice considering I have a groupon (I know that doesn't go over well with many places). I told her I was looking for a new place in AZ and had practiced before in CO, but had yet to find a great place out here. She informed me of all of the discounts that I will receive with having a groupon, the specials, the courtesies, and the prices of water, towels, renting mats, etc. Absolutely polite. I can't remember her name, but she was wearing a jolly christmas shirt and had brown hair. Such a delight! Emily was the instructor. I was a little out of shape, but testing my limits. I ended up finding that I could stretch further than I used to and my practice was a thousand times better with her because of the confidence she gave everyone. She never called anyone out in front of others if their form needed to be fixed, rather she calmly came over and corrected you without speaking. She would casually open the door for the students on the side and in the middle for a burst of cool hair that was perfect when I was feeling dizzy from the heat. She had a great playlist - a mix that would please everyone. In the beginning, calm and appropriate yoga music, but when it got to the flow, more upbeat known songs thrown in with upbeat ethnic songs. The perfect balance! Everyone was extremely nice and polite. Even though there were several newbies - there was absolutely no judgement. This was apparent when she started the class and emphasized the importance in letting go of ego and judgement. After the class, everyone raved about her. What an amazing experience! I think this place is perfect for those who want an instructor to let you do your own thing, with a bit of guidance if you need it.
5	I've been practicing here for about 3 months. I love it. Everyone is so welcoming. Erin will know your name after your first day. Laura, the owner is incredibly sweet and nurturing. All the teachers I've practiced with have taught me something. I always thought I would hate the heat, and when I finally tried Bikram a few times, I found the series boring. The Sumits series never bores me, and I love the heat. There are also flow classes to mix things up. I've given up my Groupon yoga studio hopping.The schedule makes it easy to find a time to practice, and you will WANT to come 5 times a week (at least).
4	This is such an amazing yoga studio! I took advantage of a special they had for unlimited classes for a month and after attending many, came out a Sumit's fan! Everyone including the instructors were great with me. I have had not much experience with hot yoga but every time I went, I felt so wonderful after!! Great vibe, great atmosphere! Looking forward to attending when I can!
5	I am finally becoming a "yogi"Many many years I have had friends try to get me to get into yoga.  I have tried them all, and I never got into the groove.  I didn't get it.  I never could get relaxed, get into that zone, or just overall enjoyed it.Then my friend Tiffany asked me to go with her to Sumits Yoga.  I never liked "hot yoga"...I just thought it was disgusting.  And I always wanted to pass out after 5 minutes of getting there.But I was so wrong!  I can't get enough of it!  I actually look forward going there after work.  I love the sweat, I love the flow, I love everything about it.  The instructors are amazing...and I love it that they don't do the yoga with you.  They talk you through it instead.  And they help you get flexible.I am actually sad I can't go tomorrow.  :)
5	Yesterday, I started 5:30am class at this yoga studio. I am on day two today and I must say as sore and as hard it is in the beginning, it is so worth it on the end. I feel amazing afterwards. The studio is clean and so far instructors have been friendly. I did Bikram for a while and wanted to try this studio. It's little different and I like it. Even though it can be real loud at the times to where it is hard to hear instructor, I like that they play music in between. The only thing I was not extremely impressed with Is that I thought it will be bikram with little flows in between. I am use to Bikram paste and for heated room some of the poses were little tense. My heart was racing so fast....I will keep pushing my self to go and get better with my practice... And so should you. Get out there, it's amazing!
5	I showed up as a walk-in for just one morning in February.  The lady was very nice and helped me with the mat and towel I hadn't brought.  Everyone seemed a bit reserved but still welcoming.   We were packed a bit tight but, from the comments I overheard, that doesn't seem to often be the case.I think hot yoga is a crazy concept / form of punishment but, as far as the people and facilities at Sumit's, it was very nice.They had a changing room and I think they also had a shower - would be convenient to go straight into work if you were a regular.My phone mapping app didn't quite get me there.  Close enough but had to go to the back of that mall, close to the Whole Foods or health food store.Side note: If you are visiting Phoenix, trying to get to Taliesin, do NOT trust your phone mapping apps!  Print something ahead of time!
5	Of all the 'hot' yoga places I have been to in Phoenix, Sumits is my favorite by far. I understand that this is not 'traditional' yoga, but that is what I like about it. The class consists of a beginning series of standing poses, sun salutation type flow, and balancing postures, then moves to the flow section of class, which is very fun - 4 songs (usually upbeat modern songs that are fun to move to, but vary depending on the day and instructor) 2 of the songs are more difficult and are meant to raise your heart rate and the other two are more relaxing. The class then has a core section followed by floor poses, stretching, and relaxation. The formula is great because the 80 minutes go by quickly and you get an incredible workout. The only issue is that you can get hurt doing things so quickly if you do not pace yourself and be careful as you adjust your body to this kind of workout. Also, this location is often very busy, making for close quarters with other yoga goers. Despite this, if I had to only go to one yoga place in town, this would be it.
5	Sumit yoga is amazing! I had never done hot yoga before I went to Sumits and I am obsessed. The teachers are amazing, the atmosphere is peaceful, yet energetic, and the students are all kind and can teach you so much. My favorite classes have been with either Julie, Jamie (I think she has since moved away), or Jordan. But each class is the same as the last with the exact same flow so whoever you decide to go with, you know exactly what to expect. I've never done the hot flow but understand that it's a little slower, and a little cooler than the sumit classes.  Find which teacher shares your energy, and spiritual needs and enjoy each session! Namaste!!
2	Two weeks of the same one trick pony yoga.  I don't see the point in returning here.All classes are the same with very little personal attention to people who are not doing the poses correctly. Very cultish - if you are not part of the gang, they basically ignore you.  In two weeks I never receive a hello or an how are you doing today.  The place is often too crowded and they don't always ask that you stagger so people run into one another.Music is too loud to hear the person leading the practice.  One of the teacher was way more interested in reading his PDA than watching the class - how impersonal is that!Large dog met me with a growl at the entrance so I gave her a wide berth.  I was told the dog never does that usually yet I witnessed her reacting the same way to many others who were told the same thing I was...If you like bootcamp atmosphere where you don't matter, where what you wear seems more important than who you are, this is the place for you.  Just not for me.
