4	As liquor stores go this place is aces... If you can't find your poison here then you need to drink something else.The guys here are super friendly and are very helpful if you want to try something new. Pick up yer papers, porn and your hooch just like any other circle k...but! Your regular quickie mart does not have the MASSIVE selection this place does. The wine racks are the best in a mile radius and the beer selection is fairly extensive (lotsa exotic stuff to try). Prices are reasonable ...Certainly the best and one of the closest to campus. I think the coolers could be colder but hey maybe it's just me?Located nearest to the light rail it's probably your best bet for a public transportation detour. Open late you should certainly check it out the next time you need to refuel.
5	They just opened "Hangover Hoagies" inside SUN STOP. As a connoisseur of all things deli, the food here is AWESOME. The sub rolls are some of the tastiest ever, and the prices can't be beat..they are doing a 6in combo (6in with chips and drink) for $4.99. Get a sub here TODAY, and tell em Crispy sent ya..
3	CHEAP VODKA, MAD DOG IN COLORS, AND SMOKES. WHAT ELSE DOES AN ASU UNDERGRAD ON SEMESTER 6 OF HIS SENIOR YEAR NEED?THE GOOD--with the power of the alcohol lobby, these liquories have the immortality of a cockroach. with a never ending supply of "thirsty" students, who cares if the place hasn't seen a mop in 20 years.--firmly planted in the heart of Sin City, you can't go wrong with cheap booze. the cheaper the better.--do they have a frequent buyer card?THE BAD--wine selection hasn't changed in ten years. That '96 Beringer cab isn't a special reserve; it's really been there since '97.--sideways squeeze through the "pricier" spirits aisles evokes Hoarders memories: be sure to inspect the cork before departure.THE UGLY--a new hoagies corner emerges, but this place is filthy. EW.wait and see, and check the food inspectors' report frequently.
5	Don't know what mike is talking about or if he's actually ever been to Sun Stop. They have super nice people that know what they're selling and can even give you a recommendation if you ask. The place is actually very clean and it has to be, otherwise it wouldn't be filled with hot college girls on the weekends. HUGE, INSANELY LARGE selection of everything from like every country. You want your tekila to be in a bottle that looks like a tommy gun, you got it, or have a dead scorpion in it for anyone who thinks "drinking a worm" makes you tough, try this at your own risk folks. Tons of Kegs and they even have chips and dip if you don't drink.  Now they have the hoagies shop with the GIANT hoagies made right in front of you with a bunch of real meat packed in. Again I don't know where mike went but along with lower priced stuff we can all buy, they do have bottles that'll cost you $70, $100, $200 to a few things that cost way more. Never had the $$$ to buy those but they're probably pretty good. They're right by a college and they know what we like, check the place out and I dare you to not find at least 10 things you'd want to try.
5	Sun Stop Liquor has the best selection in all of Tempe.  They have great prices and the customer service is fantastic. They always have amazing specials, and the specials always change.  Kegs?  They've got it all.  Chips, Pops, Juice, Champagne, Beer...anything you want, it's there. There is a sub shop inside that is also amazing.  Actually, best subs ever. What more can someone ask for besides getting their drinks and the cure to their hangovers all in one spot?  Heaven on earth if you ask me.
4	Nice dudes who work there, light rail access, close to the places you need to be. I'm a frequent customer (approx 48 red bulls a day) and they haven't made fun of my breakfast purchases of sour gummy worms and sour cream and onion chips yet. Their keg and growler selection is one of the best! These guys like beer and it shows! I don't drink liquor but it seems they have all you need and more (except for the many flavors of hypnotiq, nobody should put that inside of their body).
