5	Before going into this Ace, I'd only been in 2 others, and for limited times.  Both times I left feeling either in the way, or that I didn't belong there because I didn't know everything about what I'd come to get.  Leaving here for the first time, I wanted to meet them all down at the bar and buy them a drink.  I walked in knowing NOTHING about re-seeding a lawn and I was scared to see what might be involved.  Folks at the register both said "Hello" in a genuine way.  I was asked if they could help me by 2 different people as we made our way to the grass section.  I was scared to admit I needed help at first.  Within about 20 seconds after looking at the grass seed, over walked our guy.  I really wish I could remember his name because he was awesome.  He said, "You two look like you could use some help.  Let me point you in the right direction.  Whatcha looking to do?" It was too good to be true.  So we told him tentatively.  He pointed us in the right direction, walked us over to show us options for equipment, talked about how to save money by doing it another way, and then gave us his personal tips on keeping birds off the grass without having to pay for some fancy tent system.  This was our first experience, which is why it's stuck out to me, but I've been there a few times since then, and it's the same every time.  Everyone is SO nice!!!  And helpful.  The only person I've ever talked to who didn't know an answer COMPLETELY - called over his buddy to finish up where he left off.  Amazing.  I used to be a Home Depot girl, but I've officially made the switch on where I go first.  This Ace won't have everything a HD would, but if they don't have something they'll tell you up front - and sometimes they'll suggest where you go to get it.  Truly the helpful hardware place.
1	This place is terrible! I live relatively close which made it my number one place to go grab little things during a project. The people working inside are very rude and are very unhelpful.I bought a shop vac that they had on special but sure enough I get it home and it breaks within 24 hours. I took it back and they wouldn't refund me the money. They only exchanged it for another one. If the first one broke why would I want a second one?The biggest kicker of all was when I needed to rent a pump to drain my pool. The process was smooth but about a month after I used and returned the pump I had an unauthorized charge on my credit card. It was something unrelated from Ace but this was the only place that I had used my card within 6 months. I WILL NEVER SHOP HERE AGAIN! I've had nothing but bad luck!
4	This Ace is close to my home and they usually have everything I need as well as staff members who know what they are talking about.  The person I like to work with most is Sam.  He really does a great job of helping me find what I need and suggesting better ways to do perform a task if my initial description is incorrect.  The rest of the staff is helpful and courteous and the prices are in line with any other place I visit for home projects.
4	I live pretty close to Ace. I would rather go here then to Lowes or Home Depot. I was at another Ace in Scottsdale last week and was pretty disappointed with service there as they were not helpful at all. This Ace though, they are very helpful, every time I have ever gone in there. Today I was there to buy stuff to put an above ground pool up that I had just bought. So I needed a tarp, sand, chlorine and a few other thing. I wish I had got the gentlemans name, but he was so helpful. He walked around the entire store with me, showing me everything I needed, doing math, figuring how much of this I needed, etc. GREAT service!! The only thing bad about this shopping trip was that I purchased a new propane tank and then found out they had none. On Memorial Day weekend. Uh ohs. They gave me my money back and told me Frys would have it. That was another trip I really didn't want to make, but it turned out to be ok because I wanted cucumbers and asparagus.  All in all, I will keep going back. There prices are also way better for chlorine, tarps and propane then other places I shopped at. There propane price is $7 less than the Ace off of Scottsdale Rd next to the post office.
