5	I absolutely love this little spot! It's a great little known boutique with incredibly unique gift items that I don't have to drive clear out to Scottsdale to find. I've been shopping at Vignettes for about 8 years. Whenever I am in a quandary about what to get someone, this is the first place that I head to. Mostly it is because of the wide range of specialty items that they have on hand. Whether it's something for the garden, a gift for the new bride or baby, a unique piece of art, or heavenly scented candles - you will not be disappointed.The owners / staff are super friendly and have always been more than willing to help find something within a price range or based on occasion / need. And they do the most amazing wrap jobs, making gift giving even easier.The final bonus is their annual Clearance sale. For three days each year they basically blow out their stock to make way for new finds. Ask to be put on their mailing list to ensure your have a heads up and get there early because long time customers like myself never miss it. : )
5	Vignettes is a fantastic store! The store is full of unique items that make great gifts for every occaision. Their baby room is wonderful and full of soft and sweet little things, great little infant clothing and accenssories and nursery items. Their selection of gifts at Christmas is unmatched! You must check this store out if you haven't. You will be so happy to have found it!
4	Great spot to pick up an elegant hostess gift, cool cocktail napkins, ornaments and miscellaneous home decor items. Reasonable prices and pretty packaging/gift wrapping. You'll likely be greeted when you enter and, if you convey the gist of what you are looking for, the staff are wonderful about showing items that may meet your need.
4	STORE IS CLOSING :( :( :(I guess there's no point in going into great detail about what a wonderful little gift shop this is.  I stopped in today to see if they still had a garden statue I saw last month (they didn't) and found the owner is "retiring" the store.  Great buys to be had.  All Christmas related is 75% off and everything else is 40% off.  No official date for closing, but expected to be open through February.
4	Beautiful, quality inventory. Interesting assortment of home/garden and gift items.  Nice folks, willing to assist, or leave you alone if you so desire.UNFORTUNATELY, they are closing, owner retiring (?).  Get over there before they are closed.  Everything is on sale.Really good gift items, so go stock up.  Prices vary widely.
