5	I randomly used this service and couldn't be happier.  Dave  will pick up your furniture that needs repair deliver it when repaired and give you a very reasonable rate.  He is accommodating and does an excellent job.
3	Only rating 3 stars since he can do pickups and dropoffs. I did not like the fact he verbally quoted a higher price to fix my chair after he'd already handed me a written estimate for the same chair and collected his fee for making trip to give estimate on a few items. That left a very bad taste in my mouth.Maybe I was expecting too much. We will see what happens when it comes time to pay for repairs.........hmmmm hope this doesn't turn into another episode of Judge Judy.
5	Just got my bed back from Dave and couldn't be happier. He picked up the piece and charged what he quoted me. Would use him again.
4	So I was really on the fence between 4 and 5 stars, and had to go with 4 stars because I'd say that he is above the average price for work done and his wait time is a bit long.  But having said that, there are some things in life where you really do get what you pay for.  People who do good work are in demand, which means that they don't have to be the cheapest around to be the best value and they also are highly sought after....and I believe both of these to be the case with Dave's Furniture Service.So we had Dave repair three bathroom vanities in our rental property.  Dave did an absolutely FANTASTIC job not just repairing but restoring the vanities.  After filling the chips/gouges/etc. and color matching all of them, he re-clear-coated the entire vanity so the repairs were completely invisible.  It took him over a week to be able to come and do the work (he's a one-man band there), but it was well worth the wait.  He was very professional through the engagement.I would not categorize him as expensive, but he's not cheap either.  But as I said, you get what you pay for.  We have a few other pieces that need attention and we will definitely be calling him again for those when the time comes.
