1	It's always fun to see what people in the 1970s thought the future would look like. It was also fun when me, my girlfriend and my sister nearly got into a fist fight with the concessions workers when we tried to buy corn dogs at an Expos game. Parking garage was overpriced, dark and depressing (in 1970s future EVERYTHING IS OPPRESSIVE AND CONCRETE)Supposedly the tower is the "tallest inclined structure in the world" or some bullshit made up height category that sounds like an award for World's Longest Limp Dick. And Youppi's a bitch.
3	I have attended several events here over the years (Expos games, car shows, Black and Blue) and the Olympic Stadium has never disappointed. I also saw Madonna here in 1992 for her "Girlie Show" and even though that was super spectacular, the acustics here are not the best.Yes it is an old monstrosity, and I saw some water dripping in places. The roof does not open anymore (poor design). But overall I like looking at it from a distance, as it is spectacular looking. Another good thing is that the Metro is connected to it, so it is very assessable to downtown.
4	Recent visit on Labor Day 2009 weekend with my dear mother on a tour bus group.  We had a grand tour of the stadium lead by a stadium employee, Felix who is very informative to describe the history of the building's structure erection, trivia of the history, including the famed August 8, 1992 riots after Axl Rose and Metallica frontman James Hetfield suffered second and third degree burns to his left arm after stepping too close to a pyrotechnics blast during the opening of "Fade to Black."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guns_N'_Roses/Metallica_Stadium_TourOur Olympic Stadium tour guide employee, Felix shown samples of the artifical grass that once home team Expos played.  He did host a question/answer forum, which as a Canto Chigga, I've impressed him with my knowledge (coming from a long standing background with a former love's avid baseball fanatic passion) the former Montreal Expos and their mascot Youppi.  I highly recommend a guided tour of Olympic Stadium, the staff speaks English as well as French!I rate Olympic Stadium four stars as signs of age is visible with structrual problems.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal_Olympic_Stadium
1	You have to go see this futuristic stadium just because everything around is such a train wreck. The concrete plaza surrounding the structure makes you want to cut your wrists. You won't regret going just because of the strangeness of it all.
2	Sad to say, this place looks pretty run down. Just walking around the stadium, it was obvious that it was not well maintained. The only sign of life you see around the place are tourists that stop in to ride the elevator up to the Montreal Tower Observatory. The ride itself costs $15 CAD. I was not going to pay for something like that. (Go to St. Joseph's Oratory for a better view that costs nothing.)In the end, is this a must see? No. Stadiums are not interesting unless there is an event scheduled.
5	I may be biased because I was a big Expos fan (yes, we existed... in small numbers) but I love the Olympique Stadium.Although I understand that it put my fair city into a large debt, and continues to burden us financially due to numerous roof problems amongst others, there are some aspects of it that you can admire.1. It is a beautiful building: How many buildings in the world do you know that look anything like it? Even with it's age, architecturally, it's one of my favorite buildings I've seen, including in my travels (the outside of it at least)2. The memories: There were times when it was used for important events. I still remember going to baseball games with my father when I was young. I remember the first and last game of the Expos last season where the entire stadium was sold out. I've also heard of concerts by legendary bands Rolling Stones playing there. And even today, sporting events like the Under 20 FIFA World Cup and Montreal Alouettes games can be a great time and great memories for the future.So next time, you throw more money at the city, remember, at least you have the memories (always think of the positives).
2	kinda boring despite the decent view you'll get from up top, that's really all there is to it.
1	I was just here for the LA Galaxy v. Impact match as a traveling LA fan. The entire Olympic park is what I would think a North Korean monument would look like. It is cold, sterile, run down and looks like what people in 1976 thought the year 2000 was going to look like.....As for the inside of the stadium...you have one option for beer and it's an import...wait for it....COORS LIGHT (WTF).  The food options are hot dogs, or poutine, the water comes in soda cups with lids and there is a black sheet hanging on one side of the stadium to cover something up. This stadium does not reflect the city at all, but I would not go out of my way to visit the stadium unless I am going to watch a specific team. There are 2 metro stops in the park, so that is a major plus.
2	To me, the Olympic Stadium is a symbol of failure on so many levels. An Olympic Games where Canada didn't win a single gold (no Canadian flag in the gold medal flag circle), a Games that left Montreal in debt for over 30 years, and a building that has had so many structural problems that it had to be closed for months of the year - and where concrete pieces actually fell off!It's an embarrassment to the city, actually. While the tower provides a nice view of Montreal, it would not be a destination/attraction that I would recommend to a guest. If you're already in the area because of a great attraction like the Biodome or Botanical Gardens, and you have money to burn for a photo op, then consider it, but don't make a special trip.
3	Was there for the food truck stadium, not sure what else goes on there but we were outside of stadium
