5	This place has a great moody atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food. I had Setu's Favorite which is a Pizza dish with pancetta, shaved garlic, baby clams, and roasted onions. It was delicious! I also had an order of Japanese Pretzel Sticks which come in a shot glass of chili oil. Great for $1.50. I also received a roll of smarties with the check. However, the staff was the best part about this place. They were all extremely helpful and genuinely care about your experience there. I can see myself eating here often. This isn't your average pizza joint, it's definitely an innovative step in the right direction.
4	Yay! Have a great new place in the neighborhood! Went last night with friends for dinner, who tried it out earlier this week. Great variety of appetizers that you wouldn't find in your typical pizza place, or chinese restaurant. Nope, these were unique combinations of cheese, meat or vegetables that are an explosion of flavor. We had the mozzarella squares & mushroom sliders for appetizers. The mozzarella was topped with pesto sauce and tomatoes. Great flavor, however it was served warm to cold, not hot.Now to the mushroom sliders, one of the best appetizers I have ever had.. Portabello mushroom grilled and topped with pickled vegetables and an asian sweet sauce served on a soft bun. 2 per order.. They should do 3 or 4 with a side and serve it as an entree... So good..you want more.. We ordered a cheese pizza for the kids and a pepperoni & sausage for the adults. Thin crust pizza with a tasty tomato sauce, cheese, sausage and I like the way they do the pepperoni, its in thin strips and not cut in circles. Both deliciousThe combinations of the specialty pizzas sounded great, and I can't wait to try one on my next visit. The staff is friendly, atmosphere is nice. Definitely recommend!
4	Good karma fills the air here at Pizza Buddha, it's the newest pizza place located in the Carnegie Center strip mall along Horizon Ridge. The focus is on a "zen relaxed" atmosphere, with brick oven pizza and nuances of Asian cuisine (mostly the sides) peppering the menu. Atmosphere/Ambiance A - It's trendy casual. Interior is Asian themed with splashes of Asian art on the walls and ceiling. (Love the dragon painted beam) The dining area is small 5 tables of two on each side. You can easily rearrange seating for 2 or more. The middle there's a longer high top table for larger parties. There is also seating in the small bar area at back of restaurant. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, Easy Rock tunes (Brown Eyed Girl) was playing in the background.  No TV's though. Still it's a nice place for lunch or stop by after work and chill in the small bar area kind of joint.  Food B++ -  Now take into account I'm not a big fan of pizza lately. If you ever notice my pix at pizza places I dine at, I order everything but pizza most of the time...lol. But  for first visit sake I had some here.  All the pizzas are themed with Asian names, but toppings are just your average pizza toppings. I had the Ho-Tai(The Happy Buddha)  which was artichoke hearts, spinach, cherry tomatoes, garlic and olive oil. The crust was baked perfect, NY style, not super thin crust though. The ingredients fresh and good quality. The sauce was evenly distributed on pizza. It didn't overpower the cheese and veggies. I enjoyed the pizza.  It made me happy.    I also had the chicken salad. Thin strips of tender white chicken and napa cabbage,and rice noodles, the vinaigrette used was perfect for me, just slightly sweet and not too tangy and evenly tossed in the salad. I will most likely come here just to have this salad for lunch next time.  Along with the Japanese pretzel sticks.  Those were different. Tiny pretzel sticks with garlic infused chili oil to dip.  Prices are in the moderate range, I didn't see any lunch hour or happy hour specials.  Service A+ - Friendly and efficient. For being open just a few days, service far out exceeded my expectations.  My server was knowledgeable about menu items and was able to answer my questions. The owner Mark also came by and followed up and chatted with me. He takes great pride and rightfully so with his new place.  Loves everything about Hawaii and the shave ice served here is inspired by Matsumoto's.  It's not quite like shave ice from the 808, but nice attempt with the Azuki (sweet red beans) and vanilla ice cream.The other fun touches....The Wish Book! When you are presented with your check at the end, you get a Smartie candy and a little booklet where you get to write your wish and insert it in the wish keeper that's displayed in the middle of dining area. My wish didn't really come true this time around, a 49er win..ha! I had a nice dining experience though, that's what counts.
5	From the friendly Buddhist statements on the walls, to the 2 dollar draft beers, to the flash fried half chicken appetizer, to the magnificent crust on the pizza, this place ROCKS.  Hell, they even play rock and roll in the background, so it really rocks!  Outstanding service, fabulous food, unique atmosphere (and did I mention) 2 dollar beer!  I am working my way through the entire menu in multiple visits and  each time is better than the last.  This is truly a one-of -a kind pizza joint!  At the end of your meal they give you a little "wish book" to write a wish upon and you tear the page out and roll it up and stick it in a large sealed jar at the front.  I happened to glance over to see what my nine-year old son wrote for his wish.  It was "I wish for a Unicorn".My wish is to get back there in the near future (maybe even tonight) and have another astoundingly excellent meal.  GO Pizza Buddha!
4	I love the forward facing kitchen as you walk in the door.  The atmosphere is zen-like and comfortable.  Staff is friendly and knowlegeable.  Chef made the rounds at lunch checking on everyone.  The"Open Sesame" Chicken Salad is light, tasty, and the perfect lunch portion or shareable.  We shared and enjoyed the ho-tai pizza with delicious artichoke hearts, cherry tomatoes, spinach, garlic and olive oil.  Simply delicious!!  Give it a try.
5	I love this place and wish them the best! We ordered the mo Thai and it was absolutely fabulous. Love the decor and really nice people. Will definitely be back for round 2 very soon.
4	"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." - BuddhaThe truth about Pizza Buddha?  It's a new pizza joint that opened last month in Henderson and I love it!  It's not a very big place, but it packs a lot of punch, just like Pacquiao (except he got knocked out decisively after dinner, but I digress).  Before the Big Fight, my friend and I had dinner at PB and thoroughly enjoyed our first visit.  I say first because we'll definitely be back.  The name of the restaurant may lead one to believe that they serve some kind of weird Asian pizza combinations, but it's not like that, my friends.  There exists a Buddhist theme to the place, from the Asian decor to the names of the menu items, but the specialty pizzas are creative, not Asian, per se.  My date and I chose to create our own and settled on a large mushroom, pancetta, and shaved garlic pizza.  We ordered the PB Egg Rolls appetizer to start, which were 3 large egg rolls filled with ricotta and spinach.  Served steaming hot with a side of marinara sauce, they were tasty and I told our waiter he should have brought us 4 so we didn't have to split the 3rd one.  Our pizza arrived not too long after and we both agreed it was Buddha-licious, not greasy at all with a good-karma inducing crust and soul-soothing sauce.  I had two slices because I wanted to leave room for the dessert, shaved ice with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, azuki beans, and your choice of root beer, orange, or cherry flavor.  We chose the root beer and this would be my only gripe about the evening:  there was not enough root beer for all the shaved ice, as more than half of it was just ice with none of the root beer.  Don't order the dessert expecting Snow Ono-quality.  Our bill was served with Smarties candy and a Wish book for each of us to write down a wish and place it in the Wish Maker near the entrance.  Our waiter was fantastic, helpful in terms of the menu and attentive throughout the entire meal, genuinely positive and friendly.  My wish for you is that you get yourself to Pizza Buddha and enjoy the experience as we did.  Peace out.
4	Zen like pizza, never knew it would have clams on it! I came in to check out the joint after receiving my local magazine about my area. Initially I was drawn to the idea being a Buddhist myself but also the name just seemed cute. Upon entering, the owner told us he hadn't seen us in ages, which was funny to me since it was our first meeting. The decor is a wide mix of Asian cultures, Japanese, Chinese, Indian, so you almost feel as though its going to be a fusion type of pizza you are going to get. You would be very wrong.For an appetizer we had the pb egg rolls. It was a nice concept and it tasted great. Only complaints is it didn't have enough spinach inside and it only came with three! For the Pizza we ordered Setu's Favorite which is a Pizza dish with pancetta, shaved garlic, baby clams, and roasted onions. It was so good~ I didn't expect all the ingredients to blend as well as they did. A big plus to it too is it was crispy and there was zero grease stains in the pizza.Come down and try this, maybe you can reach Nirvana.
3	Closed after less than 2 months.  The pizza was okay for Las Vegas but I miss Three Brothers which was in the same location 3 years ago.
