5	Great new spot in Kitchener. Great menu with a focus on fresh and craft foods. Pizzas are a big hit, and try the macaroni bacon bites!Really impressed by the quality of the food. Lots of thought has gone into putting together the plates. Menu has lots of options, but not too big and good themes between items. Great drink menu as well with lots of good beers from around the area and farther out.
5	Finally a great place close to home that serves amazing fresh food and 8 craft brews on tap.Have been 3 times since opening a couple of weeks ago.Thanks Liam!!!
3	I was really looking forward to trying this place after seeing their sign in the plaza and looking them up online. One Saturday evening i finally decided to go over for a pint and maybe some food.Its hard getting a new bar going in Kitchener, where you will have more than 5 people interested in dining and drinking in your establishment. I was so turned off upon entering. 10 people all sitting in silence watching the hockey game while the audio was played over the speakers. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? i almost walked out right then. i felt extremely uncomfortable and I am a hockey fan. It was so quiet i felt awkward having a conversation with my guest, what were you thinking calling yourself a gastropub if this is the norm? You may have been looking for the term "sports bar". Secondly, you do not have a extensive craft beer list, no you dont. I  dont think having 3 mill st beers and 3 wellignton beers is extensive, They are mainstream craft beers in my opinion. especially Mill St, and Creemore. The "gastro pub 29 house beer" is Arkells best bitter from Wellington too. Thank goodness the bartender told me. I settled with Beaus Lugtread and got on with it.A drunk lady came in and started talking. Normally i would hate this but i was finally feeling like i could talk in a normal voice rather than a whisper. I had the poutine and it was really good. I was impressed by it. yummy!NOW; gastropub 29- do me a favor and get your sh*t together. I'd really like to become a regular at your establishment.
2	Gastropub?  Don't let the titles of the entrees fool you because it's just a glorified sports bar.   If you go to the website, you'll notice there aren't pictures of the restaurant itself, which is very telling once you actually walk in.To be fair, we got fried pickles and edamame to start.  Pretty decent but not surprising.  We went with the "Obaachan", Honey Garlic and Cajun wings which all were okay.  Just okay.  The beer selection is pretty good as they were service local beers as far as I know.Don't be fooled by buzzwords.  If you want a decent bite to eat and watch a hockey game, this could be your gig.  If you're searching for a gastropub, look elsewhere.
5	Great fresh food and craft beer selection.Ordered the 29 burger one of the best burgers I've ever had and fresh cut fries to go with it.Closest bar to the kitchener rangers arena.  Owner Liam is very friendly and let us park here for the game. Highly recommended.
5	This place is a perfect "local haunt". It's got a casual but trendy vibe, and you feel right at home thanks to the very friendly staff. The food is very good, elevated above the standard pub fare by fresh ingredients and a creative approach. The wings are exactly how I like them- crispy, lightly dusted, and saucy. These are not morty's style monster wings (which, don't get me wrong, I also thoroughly enjoy), or tiny buffalo wings. They are, in my opinion, perfect. I loved the Japanese flavor the best, but the house flavor was also great, with a nice level of heat. The pizza was fantastic. It was not necessarily what I'd call thin crust (it doesn't claim to be) but it was not nearly as crust heavy as the chain pizzerias. Again, it was an excellent medium between crispy and a little bit of fluffy. The cheese was epic! So chewy and perfectly brown, definitely not preshredded "pizza cheese". They only have room for 8 beers on tap, and I think they have a well rounded selection. They've definitely tried to get something for everyone, from the very light house beer (which is one of the flying monkey brews) to the ever popular Mill Street organic, to the heavy yet sweet Vanilla Porter. They also have Guinness in cans. My favourite selection though would be the local Bloc3 from st Jacobs. I can definitely see this becoming our go-to spot for great beer and solid food at decent prices.
1	I never write reviews, but I just had to comment on here. This was probably the worst dining experience I have had in a while. When we got here they told us that they were out of wings, cheese, nachos, pizza and salmon. So pretty much our choices were nil. The food we did get to order was terrible, we got the mixed green salad and it was nothing but spinach. No tomatoes...nothing. The spinach was also completely wilted and starting to rot. Just a handful of spinach for $6. Also got the po boy and the bacon on it was complete raw. My sister got the lettuce rolls and she didn't even touch it. I never complain, but the food was terrible and then we said something and our waitress. We complained and were told that the owner never comps anything. It was just a terrible experience. The only good thing about this was our server who was super nice about it and apologetic.
4	The staff are very friendly and welcoming. I ordered the gastro 21 burger and it was absolutely amazing. It was fresh and made in-house, no frozen patties. The owner is always there and always makes a point to speak the customers. Its a great place to go after work for a drink whether you're with a group of friends or even just yourself.  Will definitely be returning!
