5	Dr. Martin is a true asset to the Las Vegas medical community.I scheduled a consultation with Dr. Martin when I tore my ACL skiing. He recommended that I have surgery but I was very nervous and frightened. I asked him several dozen questions and he patiently answered each and every one.I was in denial that I needed surgery because I didn't have any pain in my knee and I thought I would be one of those rare injuries that would be fine. I was wrong.As the weeks passed, my knee grew more unstable and my activities that I used to enjoy were no longer able to be done. No more hiking, rock climbing, no running.I returned to Dr. Martin and told him I wanted the ACL reconstruction and I wanted him to do it. He once again patiently answered all of my questions. He told me I would walk out the day of surgery. He sent his assistant Amanda in to the office and we scheduled the surgery.Dr. Martin prescribed some rehabilitation equipment for my aftercare and it was delivered to my home BEFORE my surgery. A small detail but it was much appreciated! And he ordered a cold compression therapy wrap machine that ran on water instead of ice - a HUGE bonus!On the morning of my surgery, while I was in the pre-op room at the hospital, Dr. Martin came to see me. He had a big smile on his face, asked me if I had any questions and then asked if I was ready. The warmth and confidence that he exudes made me feel comfortable and secure knowing he was the surgeon going to do the procedure on me. I wasn't scared or nervous after seeing him.His entire team was truly fantastic! When I explained something was scaring me, the team took the time to comfort me. Dr. Martin's anesthesiologist was especially wonderful. He was very gentle when giving me the nerve block in my leg, he made sure I was comfortable and he made sure I had a series of medications to avoid nausea when they woke me up from the anesthesia after the surgery.When I woke up, I was alert and interactive. I felt discomfort but no pain! Perhaps it was the nerve block that the anesthesiologist had given me. My entire leg was wrapped securely and with obvious care and attention to detail. Once I made it into the second stage of recovery, the PT came in. Dr. Martin had agreed I could be sent home with a walker and the PT was going to teach me how to use it. I got up and took those first few steps. I was amazed I was walking after just having ACL reconstruction!I was sent home within a few hours of the surgery. I walked the same day with the aid of the walker.My incisions are small and neat, my swelling is minimal, I have some discomfort but not pain.Thanks to Dr. Martin and his staff, my recovery is going smoothly, my surgery was uneventful and I am so, so grateful I chose Dr. Martin.He is a true asset to the Las Vegas medical community and I would recommend him to anyone with a knee or shoulder issue.
1	Save your time and money. I went there to inquire about what they could do to help me with the back pain I am experiencing. They refulsed to tell me what the possible treatments or or the cost.  When I asked for a brochure of their services I was told there was none. When I asked if they would buy something without nothing anything about it, they said this was medicine!  If this doctor is anything like his staff then I pity his patients
4	I was sorry to here about the unfortunate circumstances involving Dr. Martin last week. I was in a serious car accident 5 years ago.  I went to Dr. Martin after the engine of my car landed on my knee and did something to it. Dr. Martin no matter how rushed always had time to answer questions and discuss options.  I ended up having a total knee replacement.  While I was one of the ones who didn't get back full use of the leg (still a problem climbing stairs and a few other small things) I am walking, and doing baby hiking.  While I am sorry that this man felt the need to use drugs the way he did, and that he no longer has his practices. If you have a negative post because of the recent incident and you were never his patient, then you never got to know the man and have judged him by an article in the Review Journal which we know is a paper of drama.
5	Fantastic surgeon who operated on my torn achilles tendon and my wife's ACL.. I am sorry to hear about his recent difficulties but i have complete faith in him and his abilities and I hope  he will be practicing again soon in Nevada.
5	Let me think back to what makes ASM Orthopedics so special...When a snowboarding injury destroyed my humerus bone, it was anything but humorous.  The moment of impact was excruciating.  Dr. Martin's bedside manner as well as his healing hands took this once-broken man from zero to hero.  He oversaw the entire process - beginning to end.  5 things I really liked about Dr. Martin and his office:- No doctor, no matter what specialty, ever has spent as much time coaching me through the recovery process, and making sure I am in tip-top shape.  You always want your doctor to "look the part" - and Dr. Martin does.  He inspired great results from me.  He produced great results from himself.  In the time invested category, you have to give this orthopedic surgeon "a leg up."- On a different occasion, I had terrible bursitis and went to Dr. Martin.  Nobody likes pain, but it certainly makes it easier when you can laugh through it.  Both Dr. Martin and his team are hilarious!  I thought I was in a stand up comedy club during a giant needle being stuck into a part of my body that you all will appreciate me not showing on here.  Instead of tensing up (my normal reaction to giant needles), they had me laughing so hard that I had no need to wince or prepare for the worst.  And it was over.  Amazing. - No practice has had as many friendly people who remember your name and who want you to feel better.  How many times have we all faced the nameless receptionist who couldn't be bothered finding a pen for us during our weakest moments in a waiting room?- No office went as far to work with me in finding the right financial solution for me to afford the treatment I needed, without breaking the bank.  We all know that medical costs have skyrocketed, but bringing the humanity back to medicine is what Dr. Martin and his staff truly excelled at.  I am indebted to them.  - He could have a whole team just opening up fan-mail, thank you cards, and since it is Christmas season - I have seen quite a few gift baskets come his way.  It is amazing he gets to stay in the shape he is in with all of those cookies and great treats in his office. I can't recommend Dr. Martin of ASM Orthopedics enough.
