3	This place does "Authentic Jamaican Food", just like their card says. They have sides like Fried Plantains and Dumplings as well as others on availability. This food reminds me of a food stand back on my home island. So far some of the best Jerk Chicken I have had in Las Vegas. Some days are better than others, but for the most part nice tender, moist chicken with lots if flavor. Since it hasn't been open too long, the inconsistency is forgivable. Not all the menu items are available at the moment but the signature Jerk Chicken and the Curry are available. The Ribs, which i have yet to try, are only available in the late afternoon for now and a good portion of the menu is still being incorporated into the daily menu but if you are looking for some good Jamaican food, particularly the Jerk Chicken, then look no further.They have a nice variety of Jamaican drinks too like Peanut Punch and Irish Moss. I reminisce on blending some Guinness and peanut. Give them a try, I like a little soy milk to lighten up the viscosity.The staff is friendly and know about the food. Typical Marley decor but with slightly better music than the average Jamaican joint. There are a couple of tables and bar seating.. I'll be revising this review as I work my way through the menu. Overall a good place to get some good Jerk Chicken.
4	Been here a few times since my last review and the food has been consistently good, so I think that deserves a star upgrade and I now think this place has the best Jerk Chicken in Las Vegas. The Curry is nice and the Meat Pies have a good spicy bite to them. Of course I'll be back.
4	The food was pretty good... I had jerk chicken,though I was a little disappointed because it wasn't on the Jerk side(spicy) at all... Still had good flavor but not authentic jerk... Oxtails were Mmmmmm..... Good!!!! Jamaican patties were delicious too! Ummmm peas and rice I believe thats what they call it was delicious also... All in all I will be back.. Oh yea.. FYI plan to take ur order to go...there is barely any seats in there... :)
4	Very good Jerk Chicken. Try it with Ginger Beer, a nonalcoholic drink that's better than ginger ale.
4	Had the Jerk Chicken and my friend had the beef patties.  Food was really good and the owner is a really nice lady.  She's opening a great rental hall for parties next door.
2	I stopped in here on a Thursday night around 8pm. I was drawn in by the sandwich board sign that had all sorts of good dishes listed. The restaurant was much bigger on the inside than expected and it was brightly lit, colorful and welcoming.However, when I opened the door, I only saw 4 people sitting at a circular table towards the middle/ back of restaurant. I wasn't sure if they were customers or people who worked there. They didn't acknowledge my presence so I waved a little and asked, "Are you open?"Someone answered, "Yes," but they all continued to sit there. Talking amongst themselves. Were they playing cards? Having a staff meeting? I don't know, but it was bad customer service to not get up and show us a table or at least smile and stand up.My friend an I picked a table and went to sit.Menus appeared but no drinks were offered.The four of them continued to sit at the table.It looked like one of them was folding menus.Maybe the other 3 people were friends visiting the restaurant.Maybe not.But a customer standing in front of you takes priority over folding menus and chatting amongst yourselves.The menu choices looked good. It's too bad I didn't have a server to come talk to us and keep our interest. My friend and I took this bad start as an omen to bad service for the whole meal and we got up and left.Service at a restaurant is nearly as important as the food. Nothing makes food taste worse than bad service. And you can be sure, a customer won't come back if bad service was given and no amends were made to make it better. Worse yet, a customer will give a bad review and tell their friends the service sucked.As much as I would give this place a one-star, I respect the fact that this is a "mom & pop" kind of place, I'm not trying to drop their business. However, these folks need to know because of my experience, if someone told me the food was awesome here, I'd have to follow up with my personal experience outlined in this review.
5	I don't usually write reviews, but I just had to this time.  I love Jerk Chicken, and when I moved to Las Vegas five years ago-I'd given up and just felt that I'd never again eat good Jerk chicken as long as I was in town.  Well, one day I decided to try House of Flav, but when I heard the Reggae music and smelled the grilled food next door, needless to say, I had to try it.  I've been back numerous times since then, and each time the food was excellent!  They cook it fresh to order, and the atmosphere transports you to Jamaica!  It's definitely worth trying.
3	This place is not what I expected it to be, but I will confess that the food is good. Tucked in the corner of a plaza, right next to the House of Flavor, you'll notice that this restaurant must have been a former office of some sort. The kitchen? Located in the back of the plaza which I assume they smoke or grill in an actual BBQ grill which they make as you order. At night it turns into a Jamaican nightclub or chill spot where you can listen to reggae all night. They even have a VIP SECTION (which is basically your mom's dining table that seats 8). Their counter consisted of a foldout table with a basic cash register, microwave, and rice cooker. Anyway, I ordered the jerk chicken which comes with a small salad and fried plantains. I also ordered a side of festivals and beef patties. The jerk chicken was delish! Tender meat and right amount of flavor and spice (however jerk chicken is naturally spicy for me all together). The salad is basically your typical pre-made iceberg lettuce mix. My personal favorite was the beef patties and the festivals! The beef patties are REALLY spicy I had to keep watering it down with water but it's good that way. The festivals are these fried sugar powdered donuts. More fried than doughy which was sssssoooo good. I can't deny that I kept wanting more and was so sad when I came to the end of my helping.Place is a-ok. I might not come by to eat at the establishment, but I may come to order take out. I probably won't go out of my way for it though. If you ask me, I think this place would make an awesome food truck business!
2	Our family was led to the Jammin' Jerk Hut by a Restaurant.com coupon.  The location is at the very end of a strip mall circa early 1980s, which is completely vacant, save for the very last three storefronts:  the Jammin Jerk Hut; the next-door storefront, which is Flavor Flav's House of Flavor; and the room on the other side, from which we could hear live reggae music being played.  I like reggae, but I was a bit concerned because my daughter is very sensitive to loud music and other noises.We entered the restaurant to find two people inside, one of whom apparently is the proprietor, and the other seemed to be a friend of his.  Interestingly, you could barely hear the music once inside.The atmosphere is pretty nice for a small ethnic restaurant.  It had interesting wicker furniture and art, and the room is painted bright colors.  There was a documentary movie about Bob Marley and the Wailers playing on the TV.We chose a booth and sat down.  The proprietor came over to ask us if we wanted anything to drink.  We ordered water.  He asked what type of bottle.  I asked for tap water.  It was 114 degrees in Las Vegas that day. "We don't have tap water," was the reply.I reluctantly ordered a large bottle of Perrier water, not knowing how much it would cost.  He touted the homemade Jamaican juices, so I ordered my daughter a pineapple-tamarind juice for a steep $4.99.After several minutes, he returned with drinks and we ordered.  We were interested in the curry shrimp, and my daughter was excited to see dumplings.  They were out of both.  I asked what kind of fish the fish was, and he said he had tilapia and butterfish.  We settled on jerk chicken and steamed butterfish.  My daughter also got a Jamaican beef patty.Then we waited, and waited.  He was cooking himself and was busy with that back in the kitchen, or maybe he was grilling outside.Meanwhile another woman entered.  She asked us at one point if we had ordered, but otherwise appeared busy with other things, and then not so busy, but did not come back to check on us.After at least 20 minutes, by which time our kids were very cranky, he brought some plantains in tinfoil, some jerk rice in a styrofoam container, and the jamaican meat patty on a ceramic plate, along with four small plastic forks wrapped in paper napkins.I asked him if he could bring any more plates, pointing to the ceramic plate.  He muttered something like "we don't usually do that" and left.The plantains were very good, although not quite hot.  The rice was good.  The meat patty ($2.59) was delicious.  It is very similar to an empanada, with a slightly spicy ground beef filling, but not too spicy for my daughter.  She was very happy with it.  About 10 minutes later, he brought the jerk chicken and fish, on ceramic plates.My wife thought the jerk chicken (about $11) was ok, but I thought it was excellent, as was the potato salad and rice on the side.  The side green salad was fresh and good, although there was no dressing.  I don't know if this was by design or by accident, but this dinner was already a big hassle and we didn't want to wait another half hour for dressing.There was nothing wrong with the way the fish (about $19) was prepared, steamed with onions, carrots, potatoes, and seasonings, and it was definitely fresh, but it wasn't really my thing.  However, I'm pretty sure he brought me the tilapia because it didn't taste like butterfish.  It also came with excellent potato salad, green salad, and rice.  It seemed expensive for what it was.To summarize, the food was good, but the service was quite possibly the worst service I have ever experienced in a restaurant, anywhere.  I don't usually care so much about service, but it really needs to meet a minimum level, which this didn't.  Also, as long as I am in a fully developed country and paying first-world prices, I don't appreciate not having the option of ordering tap water.  After a few attempts of ringing us up, the total was about $53, less a $15 coupon, for a net of $38.  Even with the coupon, it felt a bit expensive. I'm glad they didn't remember to add the standard 18% tip associated with a restaurant.com coupon because they certainly didn't deserve one.  I gave him my credit card and he disapppeared briefly.  My wife was outside and she later told me she saw him in Flavor Flav's.  Apparently they share a credit card reader.From reading other reviews, apparently this place previously was a take-out only establishment.  It would behoove both the owners and customers to go back to being take-out only.  This would relieve them of the burden of service.   I would order the jerk chicken and meat patty again, but only by phoning in a take-out order.   Or even better, why not sell the jerk chicken at a table at a farmer's market or swap meet, so they could just focus on one item without running out of things.  I'm sure they would do very well and have many happy customers.
1	This place was the worst Jamaican restaurant ever. To start, I bought a groupon for this place, which was spend $10 get half off. The young man working the register said he didn't know what it was then in the next breath he stated you get smaller portions if you use it. The next is the selections of drinks were limited and not only that it was 4.00 for a small drink. I ask for a cup of water and he said all he has is tap water and he doesnt want to serve that. Also it states on a sign outside that if you spend $20.00 you get a free bowl of soup. They never even mentioned it my party. Last the sitting was horrible. There is enough room for a party of 4. Like I stated before I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I wouldn't consider this authentic Jamaican food.
4	Very comfy and casual establishment.  Friendly service that makes you want to return daily.The food was delicious with hearty portions.  I had the oxtail and jerk chicken dinner plate and it was fantastic!  The oxtails were soooo tender and seasoned heavily and to perfection.  The jerk chicken was fresh off the grill and reminded me of sandy Carribean beaches where I have enjoyed mouth watering cuisine like this before.  Washed it all dow with a bottle of refreshing Ting.I will certainly be back, and will drag everyone I know along for some good eats.Great job guys!  Thanks for keeping it authentic!
5	Another refuge in this strange city.   Wonderful grub.  It was the high point of my trip to Vegas last weekend.
5	This place is somewhat a hole in the wall,,,,,,but it is THEE BEST jerk chicken we've had and it sure was done right: grilled to perfection! Curry goat was awesome and so was the oxtail. Chicken soup was good too! Just wished that there were more thicker, plantain slices........other than that, we're heading back there tomorrow.
5	Delicious food, nice atmosphere, friendly service, and cool music.  What else can you ask for.My friend brought me here to try authentic Jamaican food he spends a lot of time there and he said this place was the real deal.  I ordered their signature dish the Jerk Chicken and it was very tasty.  The dinner came with a red beans and rice, coleslaw, and fried plantains.  My friend had the curry chicken and it was also very good.  To drink we had pineapple sodas, and we started with meat patties also very good.Erica the lady who took care of us told us they also have live music on certain nights.  Will definitely go back for some more good food and music!
1	Ok so was really hyped that there was a Jamaican restaurant in Vegas so decided to check this place out. First off we walk in and its dark and two people sitting at bar and another lady sitting at a table, she acknowledge us after I said "do we just sit anywhere." After that another lady came out and we got served rather fast, which was nice. We had the chicken foot soup which was great. Then we ordered the oxtail with rice and peas and plantain and my daughter was talked into getting the fish. This is where it starts going down hill. The rice and peas tasted as if it was old and the oxtail was just ok and was missing the butter beans. Then my daughter's dish was $18 and I noticed that she got half of the fish while the server was eating the other half. I could be wrong but my daughter got the tail end of the fish and the server was eating the head portion of it in her dinner. Then after we finished our soda's we wanted some water and was given bottled water which ran $1.99 a piece, now I see in Vegas that you can go to the store and get a 24 pack of water for $2.99 or less so I felt a little ripped off. Our bill ran over $100 for all 4 people. Very disappointed since my family is Jamaican and I know how the food is really suppose to taste. I have had better and only the soup was worth going back for. Probably wont go back if I am ever in Vegas again.
1	I almost feel bad writing this but I can't say enough negative things about this place.  First thing that stood out was attitude from the staff.  It was literally like everyone was painting a smile on their face, but secretly resented you, it was really odd.  Second was the place itself, sometimes dive-y places can be secret gems... this one definitely was not.  The whole place just felt "dirty".   Also be careful, if you stand up at the table, don't lean on the top, they are not fastened to their base, so the table top will tip, and if you have food or drinks on the table, then God help you.  The food was greasy, and either had no taste or too much, they could not get the seasoning right.  The part I almost laughed out loud at was that I was given PLASTIC FORKS!!  What sit down restaurant anywhere gives you plastic forks, unless they are too cheap to hire a dishwasher.Lastly, and the weirdest negative thing is that they make their drinks WAY too strong, which I know, you might think is a good thing, but trust me, it's not, they taste horrible.  Then if you complain saying the drink is too strong, the owner gives you attitude because she just wasted all that alcohol by having to remake it, but she wouldn't have wasted it if she'd made it right in the first place.When I ate there, there was no one else in the place, so given that fact and my experience, I don't know how they are still in business.DO NOT waste your time, you will be disappointed.
5	Showed up here about 30 mins before close, ordered their amazing fruity rum drink, and oxtails and jerk chicken to go.  The prices matched the quality of food and portion size.  Our to-go boxes were filled to the top with meat, salad and beans & rice.  We had never had oxtails, but they were delicious!  The jerk was seasoned well but not crazy spicy.  Glad I bumped into that nice Jamaican guy who told me about this place!  Everyone there was friendly, they invited us back for karaoke night and they let us split the drink into two cups so we didn't get too tipsy from the strong Jamaican rum!  I will definitely be back!  Super nice people, chill atmosphere.There's a soul food place next door and they share the kitchen with them, fyi
1	I can't believe this place is open. First we walk in and it's empty except for a lady who seems to work there but we're not quite sure because she didn't acknowledge us until we randomly chose a table and sat after a minute of standing around. Then we sat for a few minutes and then she got on the phone and continued to ignore us. I wish I could say the food is amazing but we left because the whole experience was just awkward.
3	Came her for authentic Jamaican food and that's what we had. Delicious jerk chicken and rum punch. The restaurant is re-concepting as a lounge that opens from 3pm until..Unless you're going in the evening, you may want to stick to take out orders cause it's pretty empty like another reviewer mentioned.
4	1st time having Jamaican food... Must say it was delicious. The atmosphere is real laid back... Small establishment. Owner says they are in transition, looking to bring more Caribbean flavor to Las Vegas. I had the curry chicken and it blew my mind... Such flavor and the chicken was very tender. The curry sauce over the rice & peas took it over the top. Over look the sketchy decor and do yourself a favor and get some of that chicken... You won't be disappointed!!
2	This place is a small hole in the wall, but wasn't too hard to find.  My girlfriend got the jerk chicken and she said it was okay.  The meat pie was tasty, I still crave this like crazy.  I'm giving this place two stars because of their awful customer service. I tipped them since the woman who took my order was very nice, but the two guys who worked there looked at me and didn't say anything.  I expect at least a thank you, because I tip isn't necessary or required.  When I entered I didn't get greeted, when leaving I didn't get a have a nice day.  I actually had to speak first and say that I ordered for takeout.  Customer service is a big deal and when an establishment lacks it, I usually won't return even if the food is good.   So I give 2 stars for the meat pie, fix the service and work on the jerk chicken.
4	Great up and coming restaurant. Had the curried goat and it was marvelous. The cow foot soup really calmed the stomach. My wife had the oxtail and the cut was top class. It wasn't too fatty. She mentioned it was a little salty and need a little sugar but otherwise well done.
3	First time at this restaurant after trying Nasty Island aka Tasty Island. This food is much better and cheaper. It looks and taste like real Jamaican food and is very flavorful. There is not a large selection of drinks, I wanted a carrot juice but they did not have any left. I ordered the curry chicken with rice an peas, salad, and plantains. I got potato salad as well as regular cabbage salad. I did not get the curry that I ordered I instead got stew chicken. Not too upset because it still tasted good.                                                      I did not like the fact that you are charged $2 if you use a credit card and your bill is not over $20. Most places just have a $5 or $10 minimum for cards. But next time I will bring cash. I will definitely try this restaurant again, and up up my rating if needed. Still not better than my moms cooking though :)
1	Meat patties are from the Dollar Tree store down the street. The lady served it to us right out of the microwave, still in the paper wrap. Never again!
2	Tried it again and was disappointed. Microwaved patties...YUCK! I cant really remember what I had the second time. I am no chef but my food tastes better, sorry. This place is still better than Tasty Island though. Even though serviced and food sucked the second time , decided to return again because I was being lazy in not wanting to cook, but guess what THE RESTAURANT IS NOW CLOSED DOWN...but I am not surprised. Places like this usually do not last long. Food is not consistent and service can suck.
