4	Good for 1-3 year olds. They need bigger place though. Brought our old year old, she is having fun. Will definitely come back.
3	This place is designed for infants and toddlers.  Infants even have their own separate section.  All the toys and equipment available are essentially stuff you would have in your own home except one typically couldn't afford to own EVERYTHING.  If anything, there's too much going on, really.  I don't see the point of any ride-on toys because there's not a whole lot of space to go anywhere.  My daughter really enjoyed it here but I definitely see some flaws.1.  This will probably be our first and last punch card.  Kiddo likes the toys but will out grow them very soon.  2.  There's no playground-type equipment but she really likes to climb and hang on to things.  They do have one of those plastic Little Tykes type which is fairly big but not very challenging for my almost pre-schooler.3.  I overheard the owner have a convo with a customer that older kids are not allowed to play and that's sort of their policy.  There's a LOT of people with siblings above the age of 5.  It's alienating a whole lotta people with older kids/younger kids combo.  Paying a babysitter to watch your older kids while you take your toddler here is not very ideal if you ask me.4.  They don't sell any food/drinks.  They can't possibly rely on just entry fees to make money, can they?!  I mean, I know they do parties and I think I even saw some snack items but this is a huge turn off for me.In Arizona, places like these are necessary for the summers.  However, they really need to think about expanding their market base to just 1-5 year olds.  I think even some 4 and 5 year olds might be too old to come here.  Come on Far West Phoenix, can't we find a fun place to bring the WHOLE family to?!
3	We went to the previous location several times and it was really nice. Glad they moved because the previous location was smaller. I do miss the cute art work on the walls, it's kind of plain. Maybe they were not allowed to pain this place that way. It's kind of a bummer because it added a lot to the atmosphere. There is more room to move around in the new location which is great. I see they added a few new things to keep the little ones busy. I just wish there was more seating so that the parents will stop standing in the way and making it harder to get around.    The biggest problem that these indoor playgrounds have are the "helicopter parents" and the "mommy groups." The helicopter parents make it more difficult to get to your child because the will not move more than 1 foot away from their child. One day I tried to prevent my child from being hurt by another child that was throwing a tantrum and I couldn't get to my child. Of course the helicopter parent gave a funny look, but I couldn't get to my child do to them standing in the way. Their child wasn't in harms way at all. Helicopter parents need to learn that preventing your child from socializing with other children, free playing, learning, and developing is extremely dangerous to their well being. Take a good look at this world! You child needs to learn so that they can react in a more positive manner instead of freaking out when life gets too hard! This is a safe environment... let your child play!   The mommy groups are just as bad. They are so busy standing around talking that they don't watch their children. If you want to socialize than go elsewhere. Hold play groups at your house and stop filling up the play areas. The mommy groups chase away those of us that want to enjoy our play time because they act like they own they place. They don't allow the other children to play freely because they are constantly in the way. They are either standing in front of things to play on or sitting on the floor and taking up a lot of space for the children to play. They don't watch their children because they are too busy talking. Shouldn't your child come first? And don't even think that you can assist their child when they are not paying attention because they will verbally attack you.   The rule is that everyone needs to watch their children. Management needs to break up these groups or hold certain times to allow them to visit. The rest of the time should be free to play all over the place. I've heard several parents complaining every time we go about the mommy groups. Most of the parents find themselves stuck in a little area because it's so difficult to move around. If you say "excuse me" in a nice, friendly voice the mommies give you an attitude. The mommy groups need to be put to an end if they cannot watch their children.   I like the fact that the age group is limited. We've been to other indoor playgrounds and it's just crazy. Same issues... parents not watching their children. It's great that there is so much to keep our little ones busy. I liked the baby area they had before, but it was so sad to see parents not using it. Now the babies crawl all over the place and it's hard for toddlers to play with so many babies crawling around. They have walkers and such, but again the parents are not using them. It would be a little bit more enjoyable if there was more room for our kids to ride the bikes, push carts, and just move about without all the craziness.    The noise level is a bit too much at times. Like I said, it's mainly the mommy groups. I barely hear anyone else talking.  I would like for my kids to enjoy the music, but that it so hard when the noise level is so high. It's not the kids making all the noise! In respect to other parents, if your child if having a tantrum and you can't get it resolved, please leave. I heard one mom tell her child 14 times in 40 minutes that if he didn't behave they were leaving the next time she said it to him. It took this child to start hurting another child for them to leave.    The bathrooms are clean, but some parents/children are rude and leave a mess behind. Glad they don't sell food because this place would turn into a giant mess after a few days. Snacks are one thing, but serving food would be a mistake. I see the way most of these parents are with their kids and it would be a disaster.    I saw another review about inattentive parents. Good point! It also applies to those who come and socialize and not tend to their children. The time spent here should be about your children and not about you.
1	It's 9:01am. They should open at 9. No one is answering the phone and the lights are off. No signs saying they are closed the day after 4th of July. I wonder what's up? Crazy. My son wants to play.
4	My 3 1/2 year old had seen all the indoor play places around the Valley, and this place is near the top of his list.  It's clean, well maintained, the toys are in great shape, and there is a wide verity.  His top three is the Roller Coaster, Big Slide, and Thomas The Train ride.  As for my (the parent) perspective.  The price is right and it isn't a long drive from where I live in Surprise when you take the 303.  Overall when the temps hit triple digits and the little ones are climbing the walls, this place is a great prescription!
1	We visited this establishment twice. My two kids loved it and it was clean. The third time we visited we showed up at 10:30am (they open at 9) and there was no one there, no lights on, no sign on the door. Three other moms and their children came at the time I was there and we took our business elsewhere.This was just a start to the unprofessionalism.I noticed on their PUBLIC BUSINESS facebook page that the owner seemed to get into a dispute....a rather rude dispute... with several customers. They posted a random post about Andrea Yates killing her kids then refused to apologize if it offended anyone and basically that they didn't care and didn't need your business if you disagree. I can overlook a lot of things when it comes to a business, but blatantly disrespecting others and being unprofessional is where I draw the line. Bottom line, We enjoyed playing there the couple times we went, but good luck going during business hours when there is someone there. And don't like them on facebook unless you want to be disrespected. PlayGrounds in Peoria will be getting my business from now on even though it's twice the drive.
1	A whole lot of rules for a whole lot of nothing. My daughter and I got kicked out today because I did not wear socks. She was having a perfectly good time socializing on her own. All I was doing was sitting down monitoring her and happy that she was making friends while relieved to be battling nausea without having to constantly entertain my kid. Ruin that for me. Who cares about the customer who asked nicely by the way if I could remember the socks for next time. My last $10 was used on lunch so no I don't have money to buy your overpriced socks. Every indoor playground I've been to has never required the adult to wear socks. There is absolutely nothing there that would warrant an adult to wear socks. The equipment are made for young children. Adults cannot physically get onto anything. We just stand there or sit. I understand requiring kids to wear them to slow down and all but see no need for the adult. Rules are rules I guess. This place seriously needs to work on their customer service skills. If you require socks from everyone then maybe you should kindly ask them if everybody has socks on before punching the stamp card, let the kid play for 15 minutes and then kick them out for not having socks. When I go to the Playground in Peoria I'm always asked if kiddo is wearing socks before our punchcard is punched...and I'm a regular there so they know me and still ask. I have 2 more punches left on my card.  I've pretty much made up my mind that I won't be getting a new one.  Rules that don't make sense, equipment that you can buy at Toys R Us, and rigid customer service.  I'm pretty much done. That's my rant. Parents if you have young kids, they will enjoy coming here and it is clean but all that just doesn't matter when you have a bad experience. Just remember everyone is required to wear socks. My editorial on the Yates comment on FB. Totally inappropriate. I wasn't bothered by it personally. This happened years ago. There's no reason to bring up such a controversial topic and have people associate your establishment with negativity. As Americans we have the right to free speech so from that perspective I can see why the owner specifically said she's not apologizing for her comments. However, you choose to use your business as a soundbox for your opinions then you will suffer the consequences of those actions whether positive or negative. You will alienate people who don't agree with your opinions and potentially lose them. Your customers should matter and quite frankly it doesn't seem like they do.Edit in response to owner: The owner wants to argue semantics so I will clarify. I was not literally kicked out. I was told I needed socks; I didn't have socks; owner said nothing else to me except, "Everyone is wearing them. That's the rule," so my only solution was to leave. I have no problems following the rules.  What I have a problem with is how you handled the situation.  Instead of working with your customer, you choose to repeat the same thing over again when I tried to work with you - everyone else is wearing them, that's the rule.  Yes, I know the rules.  People make mistakes-we forget.  I didn't know I was expected to remember everything I read in a waiver and purchase agreement.  What I have a problem with is you taking my money (ie punchcard), letting us play for 15 minutes and then telling me to wear socks.  Again, if sock wearing is so imperative and you are so concerned about babies getting foot germs, ask about socks BEFORE you punch someone's card.  For the record you did not offer to sell socks to me.  I only found out from reading another review on Yelp after I got home.  You could have easily fixed the situation by saying hey, come back with socks and I'll let you back in or provided a refund.  You could have told me to not move around the room and just stay seated unless my kid needed me or to just be careful not to step on baby toys which I noticed were in one specific area of the playroom.  There's also a sitting area right by the playroom entrance which you could have offered to let me sit.  As a business owner you resolve issues with your customers.  Not tell your customers rules are rules and offer no alternative.  That's my point.  Say something that shows the customer you care and that you're trying to work with them.  Instead, I left distressed with an upset toddler who wanted to stay.  For the record, I was never whispered to.  We were quite a distance from each other for any whispering to occur.  You did not tap my shoulder as I do not like being touched and would have remembered the incident had it occurred.  Customer service goes a long way, especially for small businesses.  Rules are important.  So is compromise and solutions.  I suggest you take the reviews here as constructive criticism.  You can run your business your way, or you can run your business the right way.  Only one of those ways will get customers to come back.
2	Place is okay enough with many toys for kids to choose from. However, staff was not really children friendly which I found odd. Also, They only disinfect things once a day (at end of day). Last, if you are using a Groupon, be prepared to have a couple dollars cash on you to pay the tax. Not a bad place and we will finish the Groupon we bought.
1	First off let me just say, this place has a lot of potential but unfortunately won't impress you at all. Let me elaborate, the pricing of this place is absurd. It's over $10 for just one child (under 2) to play. And it's not like they're playing on jungle gyms, and/or trampolines, or slides etc. it's literally just a Room full of toys. The same toys most children already have at home.....next, there was a ROACH beside one of the play areas and when I let the woman who worked there know, she said No there isn't while I sat there and physically pointed it out to her. Instead of apologizing she had an attitude like I was in the wrong for letting her know about the bug. Anyway, it wasn't a good experience at all, I didn't feel welcomed or any positive energy. Will never ever go there again.
