4	I have been doing some car wash hopping lately. It seems that my car has a few "nooks and crannies" that car washes seem to miss. We have family in town this weekend, so decided to visit this hand car wash to clean up my SRX. The price was great. $20 full interior & exterior. There is a great indoor waiting area, with some activity tables for kids, and espresso bar, and snacks. You can watch you car go through the wash from the indoor waiting area as well through the full length wall of windows. The outside waiting area had plenty of seating area and was shaded also. While this wasnt as big a deal today at 75 degrees- mid summer I am certain this is going to matter A LOT more.My only gripe was that the back of my SRX didn't get vacuumed out. I have been to other places that ask if I want it vaccumed. They didn't ask, nor did they go ahead and do it. Over all the quality of the wash was good. The wheels were shiny, not too much armor-all in the interior. No interior air freshener offered though.All in All I would come here again- the nooks and crannies that mattered we clean, and over all the car looks great. :)
5	Really like this place compared to all the others in the area. They have a few choices but I find the $20 option the best of both worlds for your exterior and interior. They have plenty of extra services for u if you like. Clean inside with heaters and shade on the outside for winter and summer.  Drinks and snacks with a coffee bar even. The only thing I didn't like about this place was that there weren't too many air fresheners  choices. They even had an auto windshield company there who fixed up a couple of small dings free they just bill your insurance. Took only an extra 5 mins, and is great so u avoid getting huge cracks in your windshield.  I likes the job they did on my interior compared to many in the area.All in all I will b coming back here to get my car washed.
3	I am a regular customer here at 7hills car wash but today has to be the longest I have every waited. My receipt upon paying states 11:53 am. The current time now is 1:05 pm and I am still waiting for the employee to wipe down my car. For new customer, plan to give away 1 hour of your time and bring a book to entertain yourself. I have been waiting for 1 hour and 30 minutes. :-/
