4	Had the veggie pan pizza. Bottom of crust was a bit greasy, but that's just how pizza hut bakes the crust.  Otherwise, pretty good.
2	Order was supposed to be ready 20 min ago...yet here I am still waiting...not even busy!
2	Not really a first choice for pizza in Surprise.  Went with my gym partner and we waited 5 minutes just to get his order in??  Decided to hang out, they messed up his order and not a fan of all the beetles crawling around the wait area.  If I could pick another pizza place in Surprise I would take any other of the millions in Surprise.  Sorry, but with so much competition pizza is overdone here. Top notch service and cleanliness is a must in my book.
1	Sorry wish I could rate the food, but three strikes and you're out. Tried to order online through the app and it wouldn't work (kept asking me to agree to the terms but there was no where to select that) then tried calling, couldn't get them to answer. Then just showed up at the store and waited five minutes but couldn't place our order and we noticed the in store prices were different then the pricing online. Didn't know ordering a pizza would be such an ordeal. So were taking this as a sign that the pizza Gods are intervening and we shouldn't have a pizza tonight. Probably will give papa johns our business tonight instead.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!  Our order was suppose to be ready at 7:10.  We paid for it when we got there and waited another 35 minutes only to find out it was in the warmer and no one had bothered to check.  I can understand being busy and running behind but this was ridiculous!!!  We weren't the only ones this happened to either.  The lady in front of us had been there longer then we had and when that happened to her I made them check our order to and low and behold there it was!!  Negative stars but I have to give it at least one in order to post.
1	Food is mediocre at best, when they get it right. Past 2 times I've ordered from this store, my order has been incorrect. When they've offered to fix it, I've been told it would be another 45-55 minutes before my order would even make it to a driver. This is on top of the hour I waited for the incorrect order. Never again.
