2	I purchased a special order couch and matching recliner Oct 6, 2013.  Was told it would take 6-8 weeks.  It took a little longer than the 8 weeks.  I had to call them on this issue.  Not a real big deal.  They called me a week later and let me know my furniture was ready for pick-up.  My boyfriend went to go pick it up with his truck.  All went well until we got it home and realized they gave us someone else's  couch.  This was around 5pm on a Saturday.  My boyfriend immediately called and told someone at the warehouse about our  dilemma .  Her response...and this is why I am writing this review!!!  She told my boyfriend to bring the couch back and get ours.  Ok, first of all we had a very difficult time getting that couch off the truck it has two built in recliners.  Luckily, it never made it into my home only my garage, that where I noticed it was NOT my couch when I unwrapped it.  We needed some more manpower to carry it into my home.  I told my boyfriend when he called them they need to come and get this couch, someone is missing it!  Bring mine, free of charge and ASAP!  So, when  she told him this , his response. "That's not acceptable, I need to speak to someone else in charge."  Which is what he did and they said they would pick up the couch and bring ours to us the same night (that night).  For this woman, I am grateful that there is someone at Walker that knows right from wrong or probably looked it up on the computer and realized that's where the missing couch went and they cant possibly expect us to return someone else's couch in a timely manner or safely.  I know we didn't sign any paperwork for that!!  We did get our couch that night within the hour.  This was learning experience for me.  Don't ever try and pick up any type of recliners yourself unless you have the manpower.  HEAVY!!  My boyfriend will from now on check the labels on the furniture before he takes anything from a warehouse.  The labels were clearly printed on top of the couch and recliner, two different names and customer numbers!!!  Bad customer service Walker  but, at the end taken care of by one good employee .
4	I made one last purchase here on the cheap recliner I needed - Kumar from the main store helped me out with this! The prices here are pretty incredible, they must be selling it near cost!
1	I was hoping not to have to write a bad review, however, feeling a little helpless at this point. I bought a bedroom set at the clearance center along with brand new matresses to go with it. The bedframe said California King, so, I bought the mattresses accordingly. I was also told the only difference between a california king and a eastern standard king was length which I now know is absolutely not true. My matresses do not fit my bed correctly. I have a 3" gap on both sides and the matresses had to be forced into the bed. I brought this up to my sales rep after returning for my matress pads that they forgot to give us when we picked everything else up. His only response was "I'm sorry you must of misunderstood me". I guess all 4 of us misunderstood him saying to one of the other adults in our group that he was absolutely correct, the only difference between the two was the length. Frustrated at this point, I accepted the fact that I was stuck with the matresses not fitting correctly. Now I have a dip in my 4 month old matresses that is causing me a significant amount of back pain and discomfort. I called to have this resolved. It is going to take over two weeks for anyone to even come look at the mattresses. It is a seperate company and customer service has made absolutely sure that I undeerstand they have nothing to do with this process even though I bought the mattresses from them!! They did however call the company and have them call me since it took over the 72 hours quoted to hear from someone. If it takes 2 weeks just to come look at them, I am left wonderfing how long it is going to take to actually resolve this issue. Once again, I am left feeling helpless and frustrated.
