2	Unusual pizzas.  Not for those die hard people who want a traditional pizza pie.  We've tried several different kinds here, and all of them were AOK except for their new Lotta Enchilada.  It's Creamy Enchilada Sauce, House Blend Cheese, Chicken, Corn, Green Chiles and Fresh Cilantro.  Sounds interesting, but tastes like plain bread dough with paste slapped on it.  It was very, very bland, and when my dining companion called to complain to the manager, the only response he got was, "yeah, it's not very good.  I don't know why we keep it on the menu."  WTF???  The service is mediocre, and the prices for the pies are way too expensive.  Don't go here unless you are purposely looking for an untraditional pizza, that sometimes can be a true abomination.
4	Glass Nickel is our go-to pizza place. We typically order take out, and it's ready in just 20 mins! They've got "weird" specialty pizzas, but you can order normal toppings if you want. I have tried and liked the Socre Bleu, Fetalicious and The Deluxe pizzas. Didn't like the Border to Border, the spiciness overwhelmed the flavor (and I like spicy food).The restaurant itself isn't a very good environment to eat in. It has that take-out-place-with-a-few-obligatory-tables-and-chairs feel. If you want to go out for pizza instead of ordering in, go to their East Madison location. It's a much nicer place to eat.
3	We were in Sun Prairie for a wedding and stopped at Glass Nickel to grab a bite to eat after the ceremony.  The restaurant itself was underwhelming (service wasn't particularly friendly right off the bat), but it was clean and featured ample seating and copies of The Onion.  We ordered two sandwiches and attempted to order the pub chips, but were informed that they were "out of those."  Really?  It was 2 pm on a Saturday and the only other customers were an elderly quartet who had ordered a pizza.  Whatever.The sandwiches were ok, nothing special.  I was intrigued by the specialty pizza menu and was thisclose to asking if they could deliver the Couch Potato (pizza topped with broccoli, cheese, bacon, and french fries...served with sour cream on the side for dipping) to our hotel room around 1 am.  I regretfully refrained.All in all, food was acceptable, service left something to be desired.  And we could have used the Couch Potato following the reception.  Especially considering that we tried to look up "Grilled Cheese" in the phone book when we got back to our hotel room.  Next time...
1	This place has really gone down hill. I used to eat at the Madison locations a lot in the early 2000's and their quality and portion size was much better back then. The prices are ridiculously high for mediocre food, but the worst part about this place is their service. I'm refering specifically to the Sun Prairie location as I have not recently eaten at the Madison locations. Every time I go in there I am ignored and treated like I am not wanted when finally noticed. Tonight was the final straw, they have lost my business for good and I will discourage as many others as I can from eating there.
4	Good quality pies.  Gluten free available.  Never had a bad pizza.  Last time we went in there were to many flies buzzing around.
4	Another entry in our pizza tour of Sun Prairie! We have ordered delivery from Glass Nickel several times over the past month and have been happy with our meal every time!The cobb salad is one of my favorites to order as a side dish, as well as the spinach cheese bread. We like several of their pizzas, fetalicious is my favorite, but the border-to-border is also very good (but spicy!). My husband always chooses the ranch pizza.It's not the cheapest pizza place, but the price is competitive with similar pizza places in Sun Prairie, and is usually worth it!
3	I like these guys.  I wish I could give them more stars, but the price is what keeps me from doing that.  A large pizza is going to run you at least $ 20 and it's just not $20 pizza.  They're creative and tasty, but too expensive for what they serve.  Order to-go or delivery--the dining room needs help at the one in Sun Prairie.
3	My husband being a native New Yorker is always searching for a decent pie. He enjoyed Glass Nickels pizza and plans on coming back. I thought it was okay but I am an Ian's Pizza junkie.
4	Listen, living in Boston, ya crave a good pie -- and believe it or not, there just isn't any! So being able to blast in to Glass Nickel (nice to see it's broadened its horizons beyond that first shop since I left) in the middle of the day and order a fresh pizza is amazeballs. Then, the crust is everything you hope for, and the fresh Mediterranean flavors are, in a word, delicious. Service with a smile and I'm all in. Thanks guys, that was great!!
1	I just tried to order a pizza for delivery and got a phone call from the general manager saying that they don't deliver to where I live in DeForest.  Except they delivered to my house within the last two weeks!  The manager argued with me saying they never have and told me they don't have record of any orders from my phone number, which I updated when I last ordered online and on their delivery map my address is included.  He basically called me a liar to my face, even though the pizza box from their last delivery to my house is still in the garage waiting to go out with the recycling.  If you changed your coverage area fine, but don't be a jerk to a customer and call them a liar.  I have a medical degree and am not some confused idiot.  Then I got an email saying that my order was being made.  The manager said that they don't deal with online stuff in their store.  Someone needs to get on the same page and be consistent.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I've experienced in years!  I will never order from this franchise nor any other in the area and will be sure to pass along to my friends how they treat customers.  I was so excited to find out they delivered here only to be disappointed.  It's a shame too, because their gluten free pizza was pretty good.  Save yourself the grief and go to Salvatore's Tomato Pie's instead.  Way better pizza and way nicer people!!!
4	I am pretty open-minded about pizza. I prefer it with a pretty thick crust and no meat but will try it no matter what is on it. This weekend I was without a vehicle (but with my three kids) and not in the mood to make any more PBJs. I wanted somebody to bring me some food, but I was also not in the mood for pizza. I settled on Glass Nickel because their pizza is good and I'd get some nice pasta out of it (the salads sounded good, too, but I wanted some warm food). I was able to do my order online, which I LOVE (two reasons: I am antisocial, and there should be less chance of getting it wrong since I wasn't relying on somebody to listen closely and write down what I said). I was able to put the tip on my credit card, another good thing. One thing I wasn't aware of was the email updates. I got an email once the order was finalized and sent, then another one when it was being prepared and then a third when it was out for delivery. It was a cold Saturday night, but delivery was pretty darn fast. The delivery driver was your stereotypical friendly stoner, and he had his own pen! (I used to order delivery more often, and I was always surprised at how often the driver didn't have anything to write with). The kids enjoyed their pepperoni pizza and I loved my pasta (fettucine noodles with pesto sauce, broccoli, and mushrooms. The broccoli was pretty well shredded, but it tasted very good).
1	If I could give zero stars I would... I ordered some pizzas for my office and on the phone I was told 30-45 minutes... It has now been two hours and we are still waiting. Extremely unimpressed with this Glass Nickle Pizza.. WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN!!!
4	Love their new space! Delicious drinks, good pizza, huge fresh salads, and now great atmosphere.  My favorite meal is a Caesar salad with spinach cheese bread. Pay cash and get a discount? Sweet!
1	We went here last Thursday night at 9:30 pm. We shook the bell on the door yelled hello and no one came out after ten minutes we left.  Website said you were open until midnight. I guess not that night. Their food is good. We have ordered food in the past and it was good.
2	Glass nickle on west side is better and the sunprairie location is more like bar pizza. Worst service
1	Worst service I've had in a long time. Which is a shame, because I really like Glass Nickel. We just moved to Sun Prairie and were planning to eat here all the time, but now we will never go there again. - Went on a Weds night, place wasn't busy at all. It became apparent there were no servers working here - the guy behind the bar waited on our table, which he seemed very uncomfortable doing. - No proper menus, we were just given carry out menus. No beer list. We were told to "look at the board behind the bar" which required us to stand and crane our heads over the partition.- Messed up our drink order and our appetizer. Appetizer arrived after pizzas came out, we asked for it to be taken off our bill. - After our pizzas came out, NO ONE came to our table again. No one asked how the food was or if we needed drink refills - which we clearly did, everyone had an empty glass.I will also note that this isn't my first bad experience with this location. I tried to order delivery a couple months prior. The guy who was taking my order was extremely rude. I wanted to order 5 large pizzas and he treated me like it was a HUGE inconvenience for him to take this order, total asshole. I ended up hanging up on him and taking my business elsewhere. I was willing to give them another chance by dining in - but it was a huge disappointment. It all just makes me very sad - it has such potential to be a great place to hang out, but instead it operates like it opened a week ago - awkward and choppy.
1	Would have given 0 stars.  Horrible service...eh food.  We LOVED everything we ever ordered from the west side location and had amazing customer service so we were pretty excited to be moving a block away from a Glass Nickel in Sun Prairie.  We have been disappointed pretty much EVERY time we've ordered.  I think we keep trying with the memory of the past, but after last night we are done.  Ordered shrimp po boy sandwich and fried cheese ravioli...shrimp was tough and chewy and ravioli was filled with meat.  I don't eat meat so I didn't want to eat the appetizer and called to let them know(in a cordial way).  Pretty much gave me $10 credit and hung up on me.  I hope this place just closes up, waste of space.
1	Heck no. Never again. While I like Glass Nickel in other locations, the Sun Prairie location is ridiculous. I cannot think of a better word for it. I don't even care if your pizza is decent, your customer service is the absolute worst. I hesitated even writing a review about this (especially because it happened over a year ago), but after reading other people's similar experiences, I will. I attempted to order a pizza online so it would be ready to pick up on the way home after I grabbed my kids from daycare. I placed the order ahead of time and specified a time to pick it up. I received an email conformation saying they got the order. When I went to pick it up, the girl at the counter acted surprised when I said I was here to pick up an order, but didn't say anything unusual about it. She said it would be ready in a minute. Twenty minutes go by so I go up to ask about the pizza. (there were no other customers in the restaurant this entire time). Another girl at the counter snaps back at me, "I don't know about your pizza. I'm not the one who took your order" and walked away. So, the other girl responds, "it'll just be a minute." Another twenty minutes go by until I ask again. The girl responds, "which pizza did you order?" Seriously? She walks back to check and says it'll a few more minutes. Here I am waiting 40 minutes after the time it was supposed to be ready with a 4-year-old and a 5-year-old hungry and tired of waiting. I patiently wait 5 more minutes before kindly asking for a refund. The girl glared at me and said she didn't think she could do that. I said I wasn't paying  for a pizza that I didn't get. The manager then walked up to the counter, didn't say a word, but gave me a refund. He then handed me the pizza saying, "you can have it, anyway." I felt like it was wrong of me to be there ordering a pizza from them. They made me feel like a massive inconvenience. Glass Nickel, please change your attitude toward your customers. We are forgiving people and can forget the past.
1	There are three reasons this place will never get business again.1: I live in New York.2: Hours after eating their pizza, I was violently ill.3: We placed an order for take out, and waited at the bar. They had a great beer selection, and great happy hour prices so we had a few beers while we waited. The person that had taken our order seemed like she was just barely awake, and after asking if a large pizza would feed four, we ordered a large gluten free pizza and an order of wings.We waited at the bar for about 35 or 40 minutes, buying several of their delicious beers. We finally questioned why our food was taking so long, only for the bartender to return with the smallest pizza imaginable, and our wings--which had been sitting in the back for 20 minutes getting cold.I asked if the pizza was a large, since that's what we ordered, and he said "Oh, we only serve 10 inch gluten free pizzas." At this point, we ordered a second pie since there's no way we had enough food. 10 minutes after that (and another round of up-sold beer later), we got our second pizza. Nothing was compt from our order, and we were on our way.The worst part is that the owner was sitting at the bar that night and was either too preoccupied to notice or didn't care.
