3	Not much in clothes but did find a couple of board games, 1/2 off.
4	This is a great thrift shop.  As with all thrift shops its hit or miss but they have some good stuff.  Its not far from where I live so I stop in fairly  regularly to see what's new. Its a decent sized thrift store.  Their clothes selection is ok - but a bit small.  They devote more than half of their store space to furniture and household items.  This would be a great place to check out if you need furniture.  A majority of the furniture there is of good quality and many pieces I've seen are almost like new and modern.  They also have a good assortment of household odds and ends which comes in handy.  I picked up a basic lampshade for $1 that is in good shape and that I'll freshen up with a bit of new fabric.
4	This place is fun.  You never know what you will find.  It is fun just browsing.  I found 10 great CD's for a buck each.  I even found a cool pair of reading glasses.  Last year I donated large appliances to them and they pick up.  You don't even have to be there.  They also have a lot of books separated by type to help you find what you want
3	When you're out there hunting, looking for a come up, this is f*cking awesome.You'll be such a cold-ass honkey decked out in your grandpa's clothes, but they do not have any Velcros with which to impress the sneakerheads on your block.The mattresses in the rear of the store really do smell like R. Kelly's sheets. I don't personally shop for apparel in thrift stores, but I did walk out with a Mountain Dew t-shirt, because sh*t, it was .99 cents!*Proceeds go to a very worthwhile charity so the more you buy from St. Vincent De Paul, the better.
4	Great local thrift shop. I've been donating to this location for several years now and shop here every once in a while when I am looking for something specific. The location could be a little more organized on the inside but its not too bad. The staff is very friendly ad helpful. Stop by if your a "thrift-er" I'm sure you will find something cool! They have a pretty decent jewelry section which I was surprised to see my first time in.
1	I don't write low reviews lightly. Today was the third time in a year I have received incredibly poor service from this store. The first time I was told they were reserving an item for an employee, so my purchase wasn't for sale. The second time, I was told there was so much interest that they were going to reprice it. (Read, they wanted more money.) Today I went in and I was once again told an item wasn't for sale, despite the fact it was on the floor and as far away from the back storage area as possible. After I left I was mad enough to call. When I talked to a manager he told me the item made it on to the floor by accident and they reserve some items for an appraiser who will buy nicer items. Seriously? Great customer service there. I told him, "You are a charity thrift store and not acting very honorably or with charity." I told him that if an item was on the floor and I was willing to pay, a good business sucks it up and makes the sale. Obviously I am done with this place. Too bad, because I have been shopping here for years before these last three shitty experiences and I would rather give my money to a charity thrift store than some other  thrift store out for the bottom line....like SVDP has become.
2	The prices are ridiculous here...$55 for a used bookcase that you can buy new at Ikea for $30?  I came in looking for a decent used suitcase.  They want $30 for a nasty old thing that might have cost that much when it was new.  I can not understand why they would price donated items so high.  People that shop here want a bargain and will just go and purchase something new if there isn't much difference in price.   Sad for the charities this store supports.
4	Cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change. Bought a buffet to transform for less than $60.
