5	This place is awesome!  I have to agree with the other reviewer in every way. This is the 'guy' place to get a cut, hardwood paneling, old boxing magazines on the wall, flat screen at every booth, warm shaving cream and straight edge razor for the back of the neck.  All for only $16!The only downside is that I have since moved to DC, and had been spoiled by this place!  Now it costs me over $50 to get anything close to what they offer!
5	Echoing the other reviews--as far as hair-cutting value, you can't beat this place.The barbers are courteous and professional, and it's damned cheap. I got to watch World Cup soccer while I got my hair cut on my own little TV. There is a hot towel treatment, straight razor neck shave, and shoulder massage. The massage in my case was with one of those motorized massagers you used to see at Sharper Image, not a hand massage.Did the fact that you get all this for $16 sink in yet?Get over there, ya shaggy rascal!
5	This place is great. Frank did a great job on my hair.  I loved to updated yet old school barbershop look and feel.The tv's are a nice touch but the conversation and cut is what makes this place worth it.I will be getting my haircut here every time.
1	I hate to be that guy that brings down a rating because of a terrible experience. Believe me, I'm not here to troll. I'm so dissatisfied with this place that I don't even want to write an extensive review.After waiting 30 minutes for a haircut, with nobody ahead of me besides the three guys that were mid-cut when I came in, and my barber asked me what kind of cut I wanted. I have a little bit longer hair and wasn't interested in any sort of buzz, and we both verbally agreed I was there for a scissor cut. I was in the chair, hat and glasses off, and the barber basically told me to go ahead and wait for a different barber to take care of it instead. Long story short, the guy who came in 15 minutes after me ended up getting his haircut while I walked out with no intentions of looking back.If you want a good cut, I recommend Electric Haven Tattoo / Barber on McClintock and Southern. They all do scissor cuts.
5	It blows my mind that other Yelper's who give such low reviews, of course you're gonna wait, and they seem to never have a problem with my fade when I get my haircut every two weeks. These guys know what they're doing, and it's evident in the constant flow of business I see coming into the barbershop every time I go.Mike (Mikhail) is the only person I will even allow to cut my hair. Period. From the first day I went there I didn't even need to tell him how I wanted it done, he could tell and did it to perfection and continues to every single time. The man is truly the best at what he does.From the straight razor neck trims, to the hot towels and an old school shoulder massage, for SIXTEEN dollars is pretty damn insane. My brothers, father and even my younger nephew go here and have since it's doors have opened. Check em' out, it's a great vintage barbershop! Heads up, they're closed Sundays.
1	The haircut was pretty average but the wait was just too long.  Waited too long to be acknowledged and waited over an hour for her to cut one guy in front of me (clipper cut).  I would go elsewhere.
4	I don't have a lot if experience with barbershops. However, I needed to get a shave in preparation for Halloween. I walked in on a Monday afternoon and they took me right away. They had no problem using a picture I had brought in to get a feel for the look. The barber worked hard to get it just right, even going back to fix portions.Like many barbershops, they are closed on Sunday, which was a little inconvenient.Overall, however, I enjoyed my experience and may consider coming back for my regular haircuts. Prices seemed affordable.
5	Top notch. Came in as they were closing, the owner (Mike) was happy to cut my hair. Hot towel and shoulder massage included. Great cut at a good price.
5	I'm happy to say that, after 3 years, the level of service here continues to impress and amaze. They have a bit of a rotating staff--the only two barbers still working here since the first time I went are the owner and a very nice lady from Albania. Everyone here does top-quality work, so it doesn't really matter who you get.The shop is very clean, and they accept credit/debit cards.
1	I walk in and mike the barber wants me to read his fricken manifesto that makes no sense.  I go to a barber shop for peace and quiet maybe a little chit chat.  not to read some bullshit opinion piece that clearly was written by someone in terrible need of an English writing class.
1	I've been coming here for years but won't be going anymore. Apparently Mike got another barber to help him. He insisted that he cut my hair and the new barber insisted I would love my haircut (which was supposed to be just a clean up, not a full cut and I specifically asked for a light clean up since I just had it cut 2 weeks prior by mike, I just needed a lil touch up for a Vegas business trip I had to attend the following day) but once hair is cut, you can't put it back on. He cut my sideburns looking like I just had surgery or something done to the side of my head! One sideburn was about half as big as the other (they were clearly the same size coming in, and every time mike cut my hair as well) And the smaller one had a new 90 degree chunk taken out of it, making it look like I was in the 80's or something with a zig zag carved into my damn sideburn hair line! So I called him out on it and all he kept saying was that he was trying to make my hair more proportional to my face. My response, was, so you cut my head 2 different ways on each side so it balanced with my face? Now my hair is not balanced, lol. He said it was a cutting edge technique or somethin like that over and over again. I replied, if I wanted a cutting edge haircut I wouldn't have came to a barbershop run by Russians, i'd go to a salon in Scottsdale run by a guy who prolly isn't Russian, or strait.... I've been getting my haircut by Russians for years, but apparently this guy has a style of cutting from Russia that myself or any of my previous barbers from his former homeland attempted to do to my hair! It's normally nice to be able to go to the same place to get a predictable haircut, trim, touch up or whatever... But unfortunately consistency is something I cannot find here anymore and will make sure to put my energies into finding another barbershop that I can rely on in my neighborhood, there are plenty... The truth hurts fellas, sorry.
4	Hey!  Where'd they go?  As of December 2014 their shop is vacant with a warning from the bank on the door.
