5	I've always been reluctant to take my car to a shop due to outrageous prices and rude people. Carlife has completely changed my outlook on this. I originally just went in to have my thermostat replaced which was done in a quick and timely manner. Before they did any work on my car they called me and ran the prices by me. My car was done within the morning and I got it back.A few days later my heater hoses burst due to an oil leak Ive had for some time. I was in a terrible bind and was going to have no way to get to work or school because the parts couldnt be shipped till the following tuesday. Not only didnt the guys here pay to have my parts overnighted, they also let me use their shop truck for the two days at no charge. It literally left me speechless and in tears. They found all the problems with my car, and with my permission, fixed them for me at a great price. They really did a lot to help me out, and words cant describe how much i appreciate their hard work and kindness toward me. I honestly cannot recommend them enough. This really is the place to go if you need a car repair. Clean, friendly, well priced, and like I said, the nicest guys Ive ever met.
5	Thank you Carlife for  helping me with my car.  I had never been to Carlife and was recommended to bring my car there for a brake inspection. I highly recommend anyone to use them. I work an overnight shift so instead of waiting for them to look at my car they were kind enough to loan  me the use of their car without a charge and called me later in the day when my car was done.  They could have made money off of me, but instead informed me my brakes were not in need of repair. They were honest, kind and friendly.  I will use them again when in need of any repairs needed on my vehicle. Amy S.
5	I took my 2013 Hyundai Sonata for an oil change. Very Nice facility, professional & knowledgeable staff. I was very pleased with overall experience.  Will take all my vehicles to CarLife. They even offered me a soft drink or water as I waited.Definitely the place to go for an oil change.
5	These guys are amazing! I'm a single mom and had many errands to run during the repairs on my truck. These fine gentlemen took myself and children everywhere we needed to go! They are such a blessing! I would refer anyone to bring their business here!
5	Today was the first time I took my Mark 8 to be serviced anywhere since I inherited it from my late father. I wanted my car to be serviced by the best since the vehicleIs so sentimental to me. Anyway, I dropped the car off and told them to just get to it when they could because I wouldn't be able to pick it up until later anyway. I gave them my groupon for this visit and was aware that the car would need an extra quart (which wasnt covered with the Groupon) and with tax it was going to cost me $5 out of pocket. About an hour after I dropped my car off I got a call saying it was done. Wow! Now that's service!!! Since I was still running errands and at that point knew I wouldn't be able to get it until after-hours I asked that my keys be left in the car. I then asked then if I could pay with debit card over the phone. Surprisingly, I was told not to worry about the extra quart or taxes! What???? I was totally taken back that an AUTO SERVICE facility was NOT going to charge me for what I SHOULD HAVE paid for. They not only treated something very sentimental to me with complete respect and got the car serviced very quickly, they went above and beyond my expectations!!!! I will be going to Carlife for now on and recommend them to anyone that has any automotive needs!
5	I work right across the street from CarLife so when I needed an oil change about a year ago, I decided to give this place a try. Not only are they so friendly the moment you step in the door, but they are there to provide you with anything you need! I've never been too keen on taking my car to shops because I feel like they cheat you on things you "need". Not with this place. I've trusted them with every decission that has been made on my car. So not only do they take great care of my car needs, but I'm also so impressed with their customer service. They are always more than willing to drive me back to work, pick me up, and accomodate my needs. I've now gotten multiple oil changes, a new transmission, 5 new tires (I needed a new spare) and new brakes at their business and am completely satisifed. They take care of their customers and care about you from the moment you first get on the phone with one of their team members. I would recommend anyone to come here to take care of any car needs!
1	I took my car in to get an oil change and to check out some rattling I was experiencing at high speeds. Everyone was incredibly nice here and I was excited because I thought maybe I had found a new (closer) place to take my car. They called me after having my car for several hours saying I needed a list of things done, including motor mounts, front brake pads and rotors, servicing of the rear brakes and a whole new set of tires. To be fair, most of this did need to be done. It's the pricing that threw me off. $350 for the front brake job and nearly $1300 for the motor mounts. That seemed really steep to me, so I called the auto shop I trust implicitly with my car (Randy's Transmission, off Country Club and Southern, a little further away from me so it's harder to coordinate being picked up) for a second opinion. He confirmed that the motor mounts and front brakes needed to be done and showed me exactly what was wrong, but the tires were in great shape and only needed to be rotated and balanced and the rear brakes were fine as well. After all was said and done, Randy's did everything for $950. CarLife would have charged close to $2000 for the work and another $400 for a new set of tires I didn't need. I definitely won't be returning here again and suggest you look somewhere else if you aren't into highway robbery.
5	Took my car here yesterday to get some repairs done. They were much cheaper than the dealer and had great customer service. they asked several times if I needed a ride to work after I dropped my car off and then again to pick it up. They have a very friendly staff! Side note, don't avoid this place because it looks fancy and expensive, building and signage look great and the prices are very fair. I won't take my car anywhere else.
5	I've now taken my vehicle to this shop 3 times. The first two visits were an oil change and a full fluid flush and the experiences were uneventful - in a good way. Everyone was very helpful and the repairs were great. For the most recent visit my car was having trouble with the brakes and needed an oil change. I dropped it off for repairs and was offered a ride so I didn't need to wait - huge plus! Later I spoke with Eddie and it turned out the brake problem was a factory recall issue. Eddie offered to drive the car to the dealer and have the repair handled. Can you believe that?! He later informed me the car was complete and he had picked it up from the dealer for me. I picked up the car and the brakes were good as new. I asked why they were jumping through hoops for me when they weren't going to be performing the repair and the response was "because we want your business as a long term customer."This is incredible service and I will never take my cars anywhere else.
5	Cleanest and friendliness people I've ever met at a car repair shop! They do great work too!
5	At Carlife you get Dealership quality service without the Dealership prices!!I really enjoy the straight forward answers and honesty. The Carlife staff are always friendly and courteous. Finally a repair place I can definitely trust and recommend to others. Thanks for the hard honest work. I wish more companies were like you all.
5	Took truck in for oil change and any repairs for our road trip. They gave me recommendations and told me the differential should be done before trip and other repairs could wait. Was happy not to be oversold on repairs that I did not immediately need. Great honest service. I will be a returning customer.
5	I called Car Life for the first time today and they helped me replace a battery that was under warranty free of charge. The owner brought it out himself and he did not try to upsell me but instead told me my options for an upgraded battery which was very helpful information. Although Carlife made $0.00 from me they treated me fairly and provided Grade-A customer service and treated me like a customer instead of a dollar sign.
5	Honest people, great prices! Owner drove me back home and picked me up when car was ready! The only place I feel comfortable bringing my car to from now on.
