5	City Nails is owned by a lovely Vietnamese couple, who are very attentive to every one of their customers. I was pleasantly surprised that they both take the time to get to know each of their customer's names. Saturdays and Sundays are busy and I would advise prospective customers to make an appointment by calling the salon in advance. The salon is kept clean and has a pleasant atmosphere as well as friendly staff. Plenty of magazines usually lie around to keep customers entertained while they are relaxing and being pampered.One thing to keep in mind, though, is that the owners prefer to be paid in cash or by check. This is because they are charged an exorbitant amount for each credit card transaction.In regard to services provided, City Nails offers a full range, such as pink and white, full sets of acrylic nails, fills, backfills, manicures, pedicures, salt and sugar scrubs, etc. They even wax eyebrows and upper lips, among other things. For those customers with a bit of a wild streak, they offer a wide variety of nail tips (e.g., white, pearl, hot pink, purple, green, blue, etc.) as well as airbrushing. I just about always stick with the white or pearl tips due to my profession and haven't been disappointed yet. I love this place and all the people who work there! =)
5	It was time for a much needed pedicure, and this place is really close to home for me.  I was extremely satisfied with the pedicure that I recieved, for a variety of reasons.  Here's why:First, they have a really nice clean shop.  The staff there is warm and friendly, not pressuring you into anything you do not want.  Secondly, prices are extemely fair, and I was impressed.  They offer $20 pedicures M-W.  Totally worth it! I love getting a deal!Lastly, and MOST IMPORTANTLY, the gal did an AMAZING and thurough job!  I was there for at least an hour, while she scrubed, picked, and went to town on my feet.  She really put in a TON of effort, and made my feet look like a million bucks.  This is super important to me.  Ive been to places where they dont put in the time or effort.  This place does.I will gladly return to this place again, as I feel that they did such an excellent job on my feet, and dont charge a ton to do so.
2	I wish I could be as enthusiastic as the other reviewers, but this place was just ok.  Maybe my expectations were too high?  I also got a much-needed pedicure, and the gal working on my feet was nice (all 3 of the workers there were friendly), but I didn't find the place to be particularly clean, pretty, nor unique.  It was just your average nail salon.  Pricing is great, my toes look nice, but there is something to be said for a pretty environment that makes you feel like you're being pampered. This place did not have that "prettiness" that makes getting a pedi even more special.
5	I've been to this place a few times now and they remembered me ever  since the first time. every worker there is very sweet and they do a good job and make sure that you're comfortable. I have done everything from full sets to fills to pedicures and gel manicures. If youre looking for an affordable place with good service this is the place for you
1	literally, the worst pedicure and customer service I have experienced. The man who preformed my pedicure was pleasant pleasant enough but when i asked if he could do a nail design did not understand me. I was excited to have a hot stone massage (which is included) in all of the pedicures. My service provider did not apply any pressure and gave me and a not so relaxing massage. also, isn't a pedicure about your feet?! He did not touch the bottoms of my feet with lotion, no nice massaging, no pressure points hit, no massaging of my calves. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER, not worth $20 any day.
4	I just tried this place today. The service was very friendly! I went in for a pedicure and had an enjoyable experience. The hot stones and towel was a nice surprise that came with the basic pedicure -$20- great price. It wasn't the best leg massage I've gotten but overall was very pleasant, I will return.
4	I'm a 25 year old grown-ass woman, and I just got my first pedicure.Now wait, its not like I have the worst feet ever, I just usually do my own maintenance.. i'm not a 'salon girl'. HOWEVER, I needed to spend some quality time with my mentees and they wanted to get mani-pedis. I shrieked. "ughh okay, I guess I should probably try it".I walked in to City Nails like a deer in the headlights. "What would you like? Pedi? Gel? Choose color on wall?" And i'm staring at a giant wall of OPI products thinking "which one is pink?" [enter 60 shades of red-pink-purple]. I did an eenie-meenie-mini-mo and grabbed something that resembled a normal color, and sat down on the chair.The Pedi was $20 and I paid an extra $5 for callous treatment because if I was getting my feet touched by a small Asian lady I might as well go aaaaall the way. We clearly did not speak the same language but she smiled the whole time and was incredibly diligent with my feet. I was surprised how pampered I felt by the whole thing: Massage chair, hot stones and lotion on my legs, warm bubbling water at my feet, did I mention the massage chair? I was loving that thing so much that the picture I took was shaky from all the wobbling around.I got everything done within 20-30 minutes, which I did not mind because she was super thorough and nice. I was able to put her tip in my card and I was on my way. As soon as I got home, I tripped on a rock and scrapped the nail polish off my toe. Fuck. Is this like, every woman's worst nightmare? I FINALLY GET IT NOW.
5	Been going here for 2 years now I feel like the space is clean and the staff is nice I like how they don't try to up sell me on everything that I do. Prices are good even tho they upped everything by $5 but now there more compatible with the other nail shops in area, I recommend this place to every one they do a great job
5	This place is awesome! It was my first time here and definitely won't be my last. I got my acrylics filled that I originally got somewhere else and now they look just like natural, healthy nails. I ended up getting acrylic then gel on top for a longer lasting mani. They're really thin and not bulky like you would expect an acrylic to be. Sy did an amazing job! Oh and the prices are very reasonable!
