4	This Gas station is great! We to the opening in Dec of last year and they had great customer service and one year later they still do! I get my oil chaged at the lube all the time. The guys are very prompt and efficient!
1	I cannot, for the life of me, understand why the gas price is so out of line.  There is nothing special about this location EXCEPT astronomical gas price.  If you can, avoid this location at all coats.  There is no need to pay $.20 - $.30 more than every other station.
4	First off I don't go here for gas... This station is usually way way more expensive then all the other gas stations... But its on the way home and it seems to be a safe location its always well lit and it seems to be a local gas stop for the cops from the station down the street. I come here for the " Beer Cavern " they have a huge selection of beer and they always have great deals and they are ice cold!  FYI they ALWAYS check IDs at this location. They always have deals on their energy ... drinks ( my fav  Low Carb Monster  2  for 3 bucks ).The customer service is always great... maybe cause I'm always here and they know me.
3	OK - it's a gas station fer crissakes...but after moving into the neighborhood and waiting 5 years for this gas station to be built, I got pretty excited when it finally opened.  Overall, it's a pretty nice place - a plethora of pumps, a convenience store (with a walk in cooler for beer and wine), and a smog/lube shop all in the same place.Bottom line though, It's the only gas station anywhere near my house. I don't even mind paying high prices for gas here, it beats crossing my fingers and sweating the Low Fuel light on my dash all the way to Charleston.
5	Always have what I need inside, never a wait for a pump to fuel up. They have a separate beer "vault" and all beer is chilled and waiting for you. The employees can be caught joking with you, the vendors who stock the goods and even dishing out the rudeness when needed. I love them, hysterical!
4	I like this location. It is near a Walmart market that I go to. The store is clean inside and the bathrooms are clean.I wish I had more to write but this is all I got :)
4	Nice clean gas station, but it's a bit pricey. Love the Sunday oil change deals.
4	I was visiting a close friend in Centennial Hills and needed fill up my car before heading back to California without stopping in Primm where the gas prices are through the roof! My Mom's friend told me about this gas station on Lone Hill and so we stopped here to fill up the tank. The gas station was nice and clean not so terrible looking gas station located on the 215 in Summerlin right by the rolling desert hills and about 20 minutes from the Las Vegas strip. The name of the gas station is not, "Terrible Gas Station", it's called, "Terrible Herst Gas Station". When your driving around Vegas you'll see lots of gas stations, hotels, etc with the name Terribles, at first I thought it was very amusing to name your business Terrrible but after driving all over Vegas, it probably has some hidden meaning with the city of Vegas.
4	Great place to come for a smog check or oil change. Never a wait, friendly staff, great prices, and usually free donuts!
2	I was really ecstatic when they first built this gas station down the street from my home. I bought a house down the street in 2008. I was excited because there wasn't another gas station that was anywhere near as close as this one. But apparently the person who bought the franchise or the person who owns a gas station also knows that there's not a gas station anywhere close. Therefore it's not atypical to see a line of 10 to 15 people waiting to purchase something from the person behind the counter with a training badge that's obviously only been on the job for a few days. There is an extremely high turnover rate of employees at this location. I know cashiers are not making the big bucks but but I also know that the economy is not handing out jobs left and right. It's obvious that the management at this location isn't too concerned about their customers satisfaction  or their employees' happiness I don't have anything negative to say about the people that are working behind the counter, because it seems that they are doing everything they can. I take notice of their blood shot eyes after theyve been working non-stop a few days in a row. This gas station is hit or miss. If you have a choice of going to this one or another one along your route, I would recommend trying another. For now and as long as I live down the street, I will continue not to have another feasible choice in the matter.
4	Always come here for gas and my snack needs. Really convenient since it is around the corner from my house. Never had any complaints. Stopped by today to get an oil change (4/7/14), not too busy and got the job done. Price was a little on the high side compared to other oil change stations I've been to. They have a couple of different options ranging from $19.95-$99.95. They also found that one of my blinkers was out and I decided to get it replaced by them. Charged me $10 dollars which isn't too bad. The replacement of the air filter ran me another $20 as well. Overall got the job done I just didn't like the fact that they penny and nickel you for every little thing. And they somehow always seem to find other things wrong with your vehicle. The service was really great and because of that I probably will be back in the future. The guys there were really professional and knew what they were doing.
5	Got a coupon for $10 off an oil change and $15 for a smog check.  Went in and they took me right away.  They honored both coupons and the total was $48 out the door.  The gentleman who assisted me was very friendly (blue shirt, glasses - sorry didn't get his name) and provided great service. Was in and out in 15 minutes with an oil change and smog check - painless.  I'll definitely go back again (with a coupon of course).  Great service! Thanks guys.
