5	I was so impressed with this body shop. They did great work on my car, dealt with the insurance company and when I picked up my car it was spotless inside and out ( much better than when I droped it off).I highly recommend them
5	I highly recommend Ultra Collision!  They were extremely helpful throughout the entire process (repairs after an accident where the other person wanted to avoid going though insurance companies) and always looking out for my best interest. I felt like they were fair and honest with the estimate and came highly recommended from the auto mechanic who works on all our vehicles (and is also awesome).  They did an great job on my repairs and my truck was spotless inside and out when we picked it up. (That felt like a huge luxury considering I have two young kids and my truck is rarely ever spotless!).
5	I read the Yelp reviews online and decided to give them a try. I was very impressed by their professionalism. My car was delivered as promised and they kept me informed the entire time. I highly recommend them! You can't even tell I had work done!! Whoot Whoot!!!
5	I highly recommend. Great professional service. My car looks awesome. Work was done in a timely manner and when I picked up my car it was spotless inside and out. Nice to deal with local business who takes pride in their work..
5	The 5-star reviews are true!I took my car in to have my passenger side door panel repaired. I swiped a concrete column and made a huge dent on the side. New skin and new paint was needed. The owner, Steve, showed me the new door skin the day I dropped it off to assure the correct one was going to be installed. It took three full business days to repair, just as promised. When the work was complete, I looked at the car from every conceivable angle and found ZERO imperfections! Choose Ultra Collision. Fair price for perfect work. Ask for Steve. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Just got my VW fixed. Professional service. Good price. Quality work. I am a very happy customer!
5	I rear ended someone and the damage to my car was bad! My insurance didn't cover it, so I had to pay completely out of pocket. Ultra Collision fixed my car for HALF the price of all the other estimates I got. Not only did Steven work really hard to get me the best price possible, but the whole process took less than a week and the car looks amazing! I am so happy!
5	Just got my BMW back yesterday and it looks fantastic! Very clean and looks like I never got into an accident.  My car was done when Ultra Collision said it would be done.  Very straightforward individuals that work to help their customers!  Highly recommended.
