3	Less obnoxious than Brothers and Wandos, (waaaaay less obnoxious than Brothers) the Vintage does "college bar" well.  The outdoor patio is a welcomed respite from summer jobs and classes.  Drink specials are ample and fair. The food is pretty standard and not really special. (fried stuff, burgers, wraps, etc)
3	I think the highlight of Vintage are its 1 dollar Wisconsin brew specials from 9 PM to midnight on Mondays. At first I thought, oh, there has to be a catch! But au contraire. These ridiculously cheap beers of PBR, Miller Lite, or New Glarus Spotted Cow, each costing JUST ONE buck, are not watered down whatsoever.Another major plus are Vintage's mildly spiced waffle fries, which are delicious consumed even without ketchup. However, my ears were bleeding from loud, loud music which begins when the drink special starts. Before the chaos ensued, I was excited to order a mint Murphys hot cocoa called the Peppermint Patty. I made the mistake of telling them to leave out the chocolate syrup, so I ended up with a drink that tasted like minty medicine. Lesson learned!Vintage tries hard with its formica tables and old school beer signs. I was just none too thrilled with its crowdedness. I wish it attracted more of an older, graduate school crowd. Also, I ordered a medium well burger, and it was a bit too pink.
4	I waffled a bit on whether to grant the Vintage a 3 or a 4.  I do so love to wield my Yelp.com rating powers.The Vintage holds a special place in my heart, as it was the first bar that I got really, really drunk at.  I don't just mean 'drunk.'  I mean, "Blacked out while walking home, came to while still walking home, but was army marching with two friends"-drunk.  Yeah.  It gets me all mushy inside.  I love the couches that are so tacky that they're kind of cool (mmm, purple velvet).  I love that on Monday's, they have $1 Wisconsin beer taps.  I love their big booths and generally prompt service when sitting at said booths.  I love their cheese curds.  Yes, for all these reasons, the Vintage should get a 4.Why contemplate a downgrade?  Well, my friends, partly it's the crowd late at night or on popular drinking times.  We're not talking full-scale douchebaggery (because Wando's is just across the street), but maybe a 7 out of 10 on the Richter Scale of Douchebaggitude.  That's not totally unbearable, but it's close.  Especially if you can't get a table.  Secondly, if you're out on the patio, the service gets much, much worse.  I won't relay the entire story here, but let's suffice to say that two waitresses looked directly at our table that was devoid of drinks and in no way acknowledged us.  After about 30-45 minutes, we went inside to get drinks/complain.  In response, the bartender told my friend, "Well, she's a little busy, HONEY."  ....Ouch.  That hurt, The Vintage.  You made me waffle between a 3 and a 4.
3	Dear Vintage,I am sorry that my roommates and I stole all our Pilsner glasses and fancy beer pitchers from your bar. I am also sorry about the sweet vintage Blatz sign that Nelson ripped off your wall in a drunken rage.But, we were all 19 and you let us in with really bad fake IDs.Thanks for the memories,Keith Charles.p.s. Your retro style is a little too hipster for us anyway. Trucker hats are out yo!
3	Vintage, you definitely fit into the "Ok" category. The drinks are ok, but not ok enough to offset my annoyance at how little seating there is.The drink specials are great, especially the $1 bottles of Wisconsin beer on Mondays, but I think thats what raises it in my book from a 2 to a 3.. I would rather go to the Vintage than basically any other bar in a 2 block radius from there, but my feet are usually willing to take me to block 3.
3	The major benefit for The Vintage is the outdoor patio area. The inside is nice, although can get packed with college students; the music can also be overly loud, almost to the point of not being able to hear yourself think.But as far as drinks go it's a good place to stop. Nothing too expensive and the happy hour specials vary, so there is always something inexpensive.I thought the food was nothing to brag about, just typical bar food.
3	Comfortably DecentBy no means the greatest bar in Madison, but I'd say it's quite a bit better than the handful of other bars within 1-2 blocks of it.The decor is alright, but I'm easily mesmerized by a fish tank. The outdoor patio is large, but therefore quite popular. Menu is okay, but heavy on burgers. My tilapia sandwich was quite satisfactory, though. And I'm always a sucker for waffle fries.
4	The Vintage is one of my favorite Madison bars, and has a few things to offer that make it stand out from some of the other campus locales.Don't get me wrong though, it is still a mostly college / post-college bar, but it usually has a more relaxed and social mood than others nearby like Wandos (cram yourself in with 500 teeny-boppers who are acting stupid) and Church Key, etc.  I don't think there's a certain point you could place which would say WHY it's better, but for some reason every time I go there I usually have a good time catching up with old friends, running into people I haven't seen in years, and partaking in solid drinking specials.  The layout is appealing; the inside has a few tables and a long row of booths for small groups to sit and talk, while the bar is fairly big too.  Bartenders and waiters are usually funny, although that may not be part of the hiring process.The biggest strength of this bar is the outdoor area.  There are a good number of tables setup with umbrellas, and service is fairly reliable.  You get to be right amidst the funny sounds and sights of UW campus, and yet at the same time your disassociated from it so that you don't have to actually be a part of the madness.  Best in summer, but I've usually gone to the outdoor even when it's a little chillier out just for the fun times.Only big drawback I would say is when it's crowded, and the age of the crowd.  Great Monday/Tuesday Night bar though.
4	Love this bar! The first thing I have to mention are their awesome Apple Pie shots, I could take one of these every 10 minutes.  Cool interior and decor, love the bottle cap tables and booth seats.  Outdoor patio is great for summertime cocktails too! A little cramped trying to get to the bar but otherwise a fun place!
4	There isn't anything special about the bar itself but I'm still giving it 4 stars because: 1. $2 taps on Monday nights= some of the best nights of my life. (but get there by 8:30 or you'll wait in the line for at least 45 minutes)2. Surprisingly spacious so somehow it rarely feels crowded, even when it's packed. 3. Dart board are conveniently located where people don't have to walk (more bars should figure out this technique). 4. When I get drunk, these are some of the fastest and most satisfying cheese curds you can get for miles (not quality, just delicious drunk food). 5. One of the only outdoor patios downtown and it's big. 6. Since it's right across from all those crappy bars (Wandos, Brothers, Church Key), most of the douchebags get weeded out and never make it here.Fish fry is also good, by the way, especially when you can enjoy it outside on the patio with a Spotted Cow.
1	I will never return to The Vintage again.The service was decent given the fact that it was a busy Friday night when I went. However, the drinks I had there were awful.I spent $13 trying to get a decent drink and none of them did anything for me. Their Bloody Mary's are like drinking straight V8 and tobacco, their margaritas taste like licking cement, and the martini I had tasted like cough syrup.The atmosphere of the joint is nice, but it's not enough to ever keep me coming back.
4	They really ought to just cut out the "& Grill" part of their name. The food here is nothing special; just your typical bar food. It tastes cheap. And it is cheap, but not cheap enough. Get dinner somewhere else.For drinks though, this isn't a bad place at all, especially in the summer thanks to outdoor seating. It's a shame that the outdoor seating only goes so far, considering Madison is a frozen hellhole most of the time. On Friday and Saturday nights, expect this place to be mobbed with frat boys inside and out like all the other campus bars. It's not worth fighting through the crowd. But during the week, they've got excellent specials and friendly down-to-earth bartenders. However, I wouldn't trust a mixed drink from this place, and never have gotten one. I love coming here for happy "hour" (it's actually 3 to 5 hours long). The $1 Milwaukee taps will get you drunk for cheaper than even the liquor store, and your choices of beer aren't too bad. Compliment it with the fact that you get to sit out on University Avenue while you do the drinking, and this place makes for a great evening drink 3 months out of the year.
5	I'm giving the Vintage 5 stars for the drink specials. They have happy hour--1$ Milwaukee taps--starting at 3 p.m. and going till 7 or 8 (I can't remember exactly). And, in general, they have good specials, which can be found on their website: http://www.vintagemadison.com/specials.php.The food is only so-so, but there are enough restaurants in the area that after a few dollar drafts, you can hit them up for food.
4	This place has a good mix of good and bad...The Bad: Super rude female bartender who was working on the night of 11/21, she gave me nothing but attitude and made it seem like serving me was a burden to her. The Good: On my second round, I got a nice guy who smiled, was attentive and fast at getting our round.  Well done!The Bad: There wasn't enough stools for our table so I had to sit on a mini one... I felt pretty awkward.The Good: We all got the Vintage burger and I have to say, it was probably one of the top 5 burgers I've ever had, everything about it was perfect. I almost gave this place three stars but because my gang and I all loved our food, I threw in another one for you.
4	This is a great place with a cool atmosphere. It sort of has a retro/modern feel to it. They have a bunch of dart boards in the back which is always fun, good drink specials, some nice booths to hang out in and a great patio area. This is a place everyone should definitely experience a couple times. Also, I have never had the food here so I can't really speak on that.
3	Stopped in around 11am on a Saturday for the bloody mary bar.  The place was pretty much empty, which wasn't really a problem, but it felt a bit awkward.  That feeling wasn't helped much by the waitress/bartender, who was friendly at first, but soon disappeared for a long period of time.  It took quite awhile to get the bill, and even longer for her to return to process the payment.  On the way out I noticed she was sitting and chatting with a group of people at a booth in the back of the seating area (the only other people in the place, actually).  Sorry to interrupt.The bloody mary bar itself was decent, but not extravagant.  The mix was good, but the variety of garnishes was just okay.  I was happy to see cheese cubes and pickled asparagus, but the only meat present was pepperoni slices.  The celery was pretty wilted, and overall the bar was a bit messy.It's a nice place inside, with some interesting decor, and I'd like to come back and try their microbrews (brewed at their west side location, I believe).  I recognize we weren't really there during their peak hour, and the bloody mary bar probably wasn't their specialty.  I'd be fine with that, but the service left just a bit to be desired.
5	This has become my favorite bar in Madison.Of course the outdoor seating is what first brought me here. When you walk by in the summer and see all the people outside, it's hard to resist stopping in. It's even harder to resist when you realize you can get $1 local tap beers every Monday after 9pm. But the atmosphere is what makes Vintage my favorite spot in Madison. Everyone there is really friendly and easy to talk to. This includes the staff and the customers. It's a great place to meet people and have a good time. Every time I go to Vintage, I have a great time for one reason or another.
4	A great place to relax outside and have a beer.  Great beer specials during the week.  It's not really a great place for food, as it is definitely more of a bar than a grill.  The bartenders are very good and always fast to get you a cold one!
4	About a week after I moved to Madison, I was scared away from Vintage for some time when I was crossing the University/Frances intersection and looked to see mud wrestling underway. I'll never forget the announcer shouting "Are you guys DRUNK?!"...crowd murmurs..."Are you guys HORNY?!"...crowd murmurs...I run back to the Square semi-frightened.Then, one cold winter's eve, I stumbled in to find a homey atmosphere that I would never expect from the outside, friendly staff, and in-house brews that were actually quite good -- better than the Dane. Go for the Woodshed IPA, or one of their hot drinks if it's chilly out. Just don't judge by its' cinderblock cover!
4	Like many other people have already said, the environment is what makes the Vintage great. The interior is pretty vibrant - think retro cool meets retro kitsch - and the outdoor patio is a great place to sit when you're in the mood to people watch downtown.
4	Solid bar, but only ok restaurant. I would recommend going to their other location on the west side of Madison if you would like to order food. Drink specials are pretty good. The patio is a highlight too if the weather is nice!I have a special place in my heart for Vintage because I celebrated part of my 21st birthday here. Apple pie shots on your birthday!
3	BEER BEER BEER BEER BEEEEEEEEEEEER!!!  Aaaaand a patio that overlooks the drunken crazies cavorting up and down University Ave. It's dinner AND a show!Our bartender was bearded and sage, weathering all of our brewbie newbie questions.  "Yeah, we like beer, but you know more than we do, so dole out upon us your sudsy suggestions, O Bearded Brew God, and enlighten us with your wisdom!" our glassy-eyed stares must have screamed as we balked at their list.  Mein boyfriend chose wisely with a glass of one of Vintage Brewing Company's locally-brewed craft beers, and damnitall I can't for the life of me remember which it was.  ... Okay, I looked it up: Bees Knees Honey Cream Ale (using Wisconsin honey), and it was delicious.  (Maybe almost possibly a little sweet, not too heavy, faintly luminescent in its golden color, and -- as I thought, anyway -- carrying a touch of citrus taste that reminded me of a saison.  But what do I know.)  Drinking thusly is recommended since Vintage brews but doesn't bottle.  Bearded Bartender Man explained why that was the case, and it may or may not have involved the coincidence with the apocalypse and the Mayan calendar, but obviously I must have killed those brain cells.Being earlier on in the evening, nearing the 17:00 hour I would wager, our nearest bar patrons had at least 15 years on us.  It seemed all the college students were still in their dorms playing tetris ... or studying ... or whatever, so the buzzing atmosphere was chill and relaxed.  Kinda like the calm before the storm?Anyway, the "grill" portion of Vintage Spirits & Grill reveals itself as an open kitchen, so you're able to watch the beleaguered line cooks work their magic.  Our initial visit didn't allow us to eat while we were there, but the smells smelled smelly and tasty.  Later on that same Saturday night we returned after attending a wedding reception and were able to find some very comfortable outdoor seats among the rest of Vintage's jubilant (read: in their cups and LOVING it!) al fresco crowd.  Our server, as well as one assigned to a nearby section (I assumed?) was timely, efficient, bubbly, and capable: a strong statement to be made for any server in Madtown on a hopping spring Saturday night.  While the patio was delightfully thrumming, inside the Vintage seemed more like a mob scene.  I abandoned my attempt at finding the ladies' room and hoped I wouldn't give myself jaundice in the mean time.These two brief visits seemed too brief, so I'm looking forward to more fun at the Vintage in the future.  Next time I'll bring a helmet and a fortitude.
4	one of my favorite downtown spots to stop for a beer (or three) after work!they've got a good selection of beers & the patio is great when it's nice out - perfect location for people watching.
4	I'm not even sure what Vintage looks like on a not-Monday night. I'm not sure I want to know. $1 Wisconsin taps (New Glarus rock star brews like Moon Man & Spotted Cow, Ale Asylum Madtown Nutbrown, some other one with corn in the title...it's a little hazy...) means that at the beginning of the night your wallet will be fat with ones and by the end of the night your wallet will be lost somewhere because you were really putting all your energy into $1 beer night. A MadTown drinking must.
3	Just watched the game here this morning. It's a cute little place, with a very cozy feel. It was just our small party of 3 and the bartender for a little while...might have been a little bit more fun if there were more people at the bar.Overall the drink selection is good. I had a Bloody Mary from their Bloody Mary bar that was okay, probably my sub-par bartending abilities to blame though. I probably would've preferred it to just be made for me. I also asked the bartender to make a random drink for me and what he gave me was a little sweet, but tasty. We also ate breakfast here. It was your typical greasy bar breakfast. The breakfast potatoes are good though- cooked well without getting too mushy. I had the Italian scrambler. Some other people I were with had a burrito and sandwich. Overall, we left satisfied!
5	stars for the beer 'pumpkin disorderly' ...the best titled and tasting pumpkin-themed beer ever to have passed these lips ---there's been quite a few, i won't lie.stars for the bartender ....it was taco thursday (two bucks, chuck) and he went the extra mile to create a vegetarian version and it was YUM!  and he called me honey, in the sweetest way.  as my yelp review was forming itself in my mind with each sip and bite, you know how it is, i had the thought that this is one of the best tacos i'd ever had - but then i realized that i hadn't actually had all that many tacos.  just then the guy next to me says, 'i've had a lot of tacos in my life and this is one of the best!'  ha. and i just gotta say, the difference between a server's reaction to something different from the 'norm' or what's on the menu - annoyance vs. an openness - is often the difference between me coming back vs. notps: free tacos during packer games.  stars for the atmosphere ....vintage done right.  not too overstated or kitschy.  and oh so comfortable in really every way.  it's on my list.
4	Friendly servers, above average burgers, great beer and cider selection and walking distance to the Kohl and LaBahn - not sure what else to ask for. Sure, it was crowded during a televised Badger bball B1G tourney game with the WIAA bball tourney in town, but the wait wasn't awful and everyone made it easy to get drinks and wait for food. Snagged some bar seats and decided to just order there since we needed to make it to the women's hockey game, but a table came up shortly thereafter and they happily and easily moved us there. I'm un-american and usually shy away from burgers, even in a burger joint - they're just not my go-to. But I stuck with a classic here - bacon cheeseburger dressed all pretty like and it was a great choice. Bacon was still moist and chewy and not over-done in the way it usually is on a burger. The whole thing was a little smoky and delicious. BF had a cream cheese and pineapple burger that he was also very happy with - bonus points to Vintage for having some off the wall options. Loved that onion rings were a side option without an upcharge and I got a big serving. No skimp here and they were crispy and delicious.I can't speak to what it looks like on a Friday night or anything like that, but for a quick dinner on a late Saturday afternoon, we were happy. I left full and content.We loved looking around at the wall hanging and kitschy decor while we waited for our food. Some great pieces, including a velvet Elvis.
4	Ok.... so much to say. Jennifer, our server, was wonderful. She was knowledgeable, personable and clearly loved working at this establishment. They brew their own and they brew it well! Ask for a flight, it's not on the menu but they have several. We tried all 10 beers or $14.50.  The Bees Knees is your standard light beer. It's smooth, light, and refreshing. They also have a delicious standard Weiss that could stand up to Leinies and Blue Moon.  Their Hibiscus was more like champagne, sweet, light, and fruity. If you like ginger, your going to love their Jinja Ninja, bubbly and packed with ginger flavor(almost like an infused beer). McLovin was an amazingly delicious red ale, super smooth, lots of flavor. Rhine Heights was slightly hoppy, smooth and fizzy. If your an IPA lover, go for the Toy Boat, you won't be disappointed. Dedication was different. It was hoppy, smooth and slightly fruity. If you like bitter beer, go for the Woodshed. It has a slightly more bitter IPA taste. My favorite was the Scaredy Cat Oatmeal Stout! So rich, velvety, and full of coffee flavor! Food... I had the caprese grilled cheese. Fresh motzarella, sourdough, some pesto aoli, and tomatoes soaked in nectar from the gods (some kind of balsamic deliciousness). It may have been one of the best things I have ever eaten!!! My husband had the fried fish. He liked it, said it was good, but after a bite of my sandwich kept saying, "I should have ordered something else."  It was amazing! I can't wait to go back! I would love to try other things on the menu but I don't know that I'll be able to. That grilled caprese sandwich was amazing! Go there! Order lots of beer and food! You will not be disappointed!
5	Incredible beer and cocktail selections. Great staff. We sat outside and enjoyed it thoroughly. I will be back next time I am in Madison.
3	The  "storefront" for Vintage Brewing is a retro hole-in-the-wall that's not really a hole in the wall. The decor is expectedly vintage with some cool touches. In fact even the high chair they dug out for our friends' one-year-old was circa 1972. We came for breakfast but since it was almost Noon we figured a beer flight made sense as well. The food menu, for breakfast anyway, is pretty limited. This is not a gastropub. We looked through very standard items like pancakes, omelets, breakfast burritos, etc. I chose the breakfast burrito with bacon. It turned out to be fine but not a lot better than the breakfast burrito I used to get from the crappy little cafeteria in my building. The beer was fairly average. I leaned toward the coffee stout which, while good, was a fairly weak "best of the flight" selection. Their beers generally need more flavor and uniqueness. Good for a night of drinking but not so good for craft beer drinkers.Ultimately, Vintage is a decent place but I can't say you should rush over there.
5	The service is very friendly. A very laid back atmosphere with an amazing selection of beers and outstanding food. The Asian Pork Belly Bites are amazing! A definitely must have if you go to Vintage. The Voluhre Beer (spelling??) a Belgium Peach tasting beer was phenomenal!!! Also, if you're into ciders, the Ace Pear Cider was pretty tasty! We'll definitely come back!
