5	I love this place as does my shiba inu, Saki. The staff is so nice and remembers our names and just loves having Saki visit and run around the store. They have a great selection of treats, toys and food. Their prices are competitive with similar stores in Las Vegas. Recommend this store to all dog owners.
5	Has a wide range of all great premium, healthy foods for pets. Clothes, toys, vitamins/supplements, holistic and natural remedies too. Fair prices for the brands they carry- no high markups which many boutiques do. Staff is very nice and knowledgeable about pet nutrition and have good recommendations. You can see that the owner and her staff are passionate abut their store and enjoy when I bring my pug LuLu in. They also bring in their dogs to work and they add an extra charm about the place. I love Yogi- the owners old and gentle retriever. When looking for healthy food stops, I called around and some boutiques couldn't answer what I felt should be basic knowledge for people who sell foods. I opted out of even coming in to those closer to home places because they cannot answer a simple question. Yeah, I know a lot about pet food for the average person and can help myself make food choices, but I don't feel good supporting a shop that just sells food as a product only and not as something they are passionate about. Food is a very important part of a dogs health- there's so many products and also misleading marketing ploys of the brand names, hows a person to choose?  I dont know everything there is to know about pet food and might have/did have questions and I dont ask only "run of the mill" questions. Some of them are honestly hard to answer about calculations, ingredient benefits, etc or things that might not be "off the top of your head' to answer like which cat food has the highest amount of cranberry for my UTI prone cat? They answered my questions here wonderfully and gave great input on what seemed like the best combination of foods to meet the needs of my dog and cat. I wanted to go with part raw and part kibble (for convenience as a nighttime snack). I came in already looking for Honest Kitchen foods as I done a lot of research on the food market. She gave us samples and we bought some treats. Came back the next weekend to buy LuLu's preferrd HK food and asked about what kinds of kibble would compliment. She suggested Great Life (gave us samples first specially LuLu is kibble picky) and had many reasons why she suggests this as a combo with HK and why she felt this as great foods in particular for a senior and also pointed us to some treats (Zukes HipAction) that have some glucosamine and condroitin for LuLu's creaky old self. Awesome- someone who knows the science behind the foods. This is the only place I will grab all our pets needs; I'm a nut when it comes to feeding foods not chalked up with fillers, chemicals and meat by products. I might not baby and treat my dog like it's a child, but I actually really care to the core to make the right decisions for them. I wouldn't feed myself nor children McDonalds everyday so why should your dog have the kibble equivalent of that?  Do your animals a favor and get them real good foods. It's honestly not that much more than the average commercial brand, but TONS better for them. I see it this way- you spend the money on good stuff for them on the front end- you save it on the back end of not having to shell out so much in vet bills. Food allergies, diabetes, seizures- just a few examples that have been linked to questionable ingredients in major food brands. Can cost a ton to treat and is just unnecessary for the dog to go through if it's preventable. Our senior pug has been changed dramatically since we adopted her last year. No clue what her previous owners fed her for 8 years, but it definitely wasn't the good stuff. Allergies are gone and her arthritis is still there, but has died down that she runs around now (she limped very often before) and has gained muscle and trimmed off her fat naturally (no diets! just eating right!). Damage is done to her teeth (some are falling out already), but the owner encouraged us to try bones and chewy dental treats to get her to chew and clean the remainder of her teeth....seems to help her gums and she loves it!  Our cat is a 1 year old youngin' but we got him with a UTI and seems sensitive to getting them from certain brand foods. They helped us pick up cranberry rich foods (Halo Cat and cranberry powder) and gave us tips on how to encourage more liquids consumed and he is doing great now. Troibos Tippytappz,  the garden cat is up to his bullshit again. I prefer to patron the small shops, but this particular place deserves recognition and my loyal patronage for their passion and selection.
5	Been going here over a year and been recommending this place to every dog lover i know staff is great and helpful they really know their stuff one of my shibas tore his ACL and they helped me put him on holistic regime so he could heal twice as  fast and he did.  only store that always has my dogs food in stock orijen 6 fish for my shibas true dog food store
5	You won't find a staff more knowledgeable about pet food and more caring about pets than at Scraps 4 Pets. The owner's dog Yogi greets you at the door and starts your paw-sitively great shopping experience. As someone who knows a lot about dog food, I can assure you that Scraps carries only the most respected pet foods in the industry and takes the time to help you choose the right food from their selection based on the specific needs of your dog. They also have fantastic and durable toys, cute but not "blingy" collars and leashes, and an assortment of self-grooming products. I love their "Cain and Able" candles that I light in my office not just for my dogs but for myself as well. If you care about your pet's body both inside and out than this is the store for you.
5	I've been going to this store for over a year now and I love, love, love this place.Lovely staff and absolutely personable and helpful. The owner sincerely cares about animals and when talking to you, she  cares about your particular dog and seems to have a good memory on what things youre currently giving to your pets. We'd bring in our LuLu and the staff would love on her which she ate up. She is very calm, but here she would be excited to walk around. The thing I like about her style of explaining products is that she gives you the pros AND the cons of a product, explains to you a few other options, and then gives her final opinion on the absolute best choices. Some boutiques try upsell, she works with only what you need and ask for. Now that LuLu is on the Rainbow Bridge and I have younger dogs, I have a whole other set of concerns to meet young active pugs needs. Can come here knowing we can figure out what we can give them so they have the absolute best in healthy advantages and the best yummy treats! When we adopted, I was told they don't have much interest in dog foods (previously fed Pedigree) but they are obsessive about eating now! They finally know what real, good food taste like and they tip over and push around food bowls insisting to be fed more.  Troibos, gets spoiled because they have different kinds of chunky cat food cans for him and different good for you kibble. Yeah, I own the oddball cat who loves variety and begs/steals food off plates and cutting boards when he gets bored of his food.  It's easy to say they love Scraps too. Don't forget to give some love to the famous Yogi Bear, the big sweet golden boy usually napping around the store. So long as they are open for business, I will keep on coming!
5	I get asked the question often when talking about the food I feed "Is it expensive?" or given the objection right away that "it's too pricey". Look at my two previous reviews for what I think about the store and customer service but here I will write a helpful guide that good food IS possible even on a small budget! I keep writing about it over and over and being asked about foods based on my reviews here, so I want to put it out here for those who are still unsure about going holistic.  Of course, the good for your pet foods I talk about are available at Scraps!  I don't get very "preachy" about many things....but this dog food industry is just gross. I love my dog and if this is truly your family, I think it's best to do your research and read on. " By products" aren't actually meat. It's anything but the meat of the animal so you're not really getting the protein you thought. Generic names like "poultry" "animal" on these commercial labels mean that the meat is a mystery. Valid sources of meats and fats can come from roadkill and from animals that were euthanized at a vets office. Processing plants render those animals mostly for the fat coating to make the food more enticing....euthanasia medicine and certain bacteria that can be in roadkill does not break down in the temperatures the bodies are processed so it stays in the foods. This is the most comprehensive article to explain the dog food industry and what's really in the food, how to read labels, what the ingredients are, etc. etc. http://www.bornfreeusa.org/facts.php?more=1&p=359I suggest looking the ingredients of each food and ratings on this website. See what you're actually paying for in the pricehttp://www.dogfoodadvisor.com/Also look up your current dog food and see how it stacks up on that site. It's not a "opinion" based site, it's facts based on ingredients and nutritional balance of the food itself. Number barrage coming,  but I think you'll be very surprised at costs. DRY FOODMight as well feed them garbagePedigree Adult Complete-40lbs at  $20.99 so 52 cents per lb of foodCheap as hell, but c'mon now....don't have a dog if you can't even care to spend an extra $10 a month for something better. Really bad food- 1 starPurina One Lamb&Rice- 34lbs at $40.99 so $1.20 per lb of foodStill Bad- 2 starsScience Diet Adult Lamb and Meal- 30lbs at $43.69 so $1.45 per lb of food."OK"  but not good...still byproducts- 3 starsEukanuba Lamb&Rice- 35lbs at $46.97 so $1.34 per lb of foodGood food, no by product- 4 starsAvoDerm Lamb&Rice Adult- 30lbs at $42.99 so $1.43 per lb of food. Everyone has at least a Petsmart or Petco by them that carries 4 star foods if you don't have a Holistic store close.Very Awesome  5 star food (what we feed/buy at Scraps)Great Life Lamb- 33lbs is $48.39  so $1.46 per lb of foodCANNED FOODPedigree Choice Cuts- $21.99 for a case of 24 cans w/ each can being 13.3oz. 292.4oz/18.27 lbs= $1.20 per lb of food. Purina ONE Wholesome Entrees- $19.99 for case of 12- 13oz cans.(156oz/9.75lbs)= $1.10 per lb of foodScience Diet Entrees- $19.99 for case of 12- 13oz cans(156oz/9.75lbs)=  $1.10 per lb of foodEukanuba Mixed Grill Canned- $20.99 for a case of 12 12.3oz cans. (147.6 oz total/9.22 lbs) = $2.27 per lb of foodAvoDerm Natural Canned- $26.99 for a case of 12, 13oz cans. 156oz/9.75lbs)= $2.76 per lb of foodGreat Life Canned- $21.78 for a case of 12, 13oz cans.(156oz/9.75lbs) = $2.23 per lb of food. I though do not do canned foods. We do a dehydrated raw food, Honest Kitchen which is a 5star rated food available at Scraps. You add water to hydrate the food to be edible.  There are 6 types of Honest Kitchen formulas. We rotate some of the cheaper and mid priced ones to prevent food resistance/allergies and so they don't get bored of the same old thing! So good my dog scream and run around while it "cooks"!! BTW, the taste testers are people! I tried it and you can taste what every component is.Interview w/ HK Founderhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opreVwb6ac8 The 3 formulas we use:Keen (turkey based)- 10lb box makes 43lbs of hydrated food$53.50= $1.24 per lb of food.Verve (beef based)- 10lb box makes 40 lbs$57.50= $1.40 per lb of food.Thrive (chicken based)- 10 box makes 43lbs$66.50= $1.50 per lb of food.To equal 40-43lbs of canned food of examples above takes roughly 4 cases/48 cans....that's a lot of aluminum waste!Pedigree- $43.98Purina ONE/Science Diet- $79.96Eukanuba- $83.96AvoDerm- $107.96Great Life- $87.12My 5 star wet dog food actually SAVES ME MONEY compared to conventional canned food. The "too expensive" excuse is now BS!!! We're not the best financially, but we have a lot of LOVE and CONCERN to question everything. These are our "children" too.Now what are you waiting for?!!!SAVE and SPOIL your dog with the good stuff!
5	Scraps is no longer. I got this e-mail a few days ago."As many of you know, running Scraps has taken a toll on my health. As much as I would like to continue welcoming you into the store, I can no longer do so. Rachel and Harold, owners of Bogart's Bone Appetit and directors of Heaven Can Wait Animal Society are taking over and establishing Bogart's Bone Appetit in Summerlin beginning Monday, November 1st. The location is the same, and inside you will find the same quality foods, treats, remedies, and accessories that you rely on. Rachel's reputation in Las Vegas and the pet industry makes me confident that you will find a warm greeting and informed, caring advice at the new Bogart's Bone Appetit. Looking forward, this change will bring you additional benefits. In the next few months, Bogart's Bone Appeit will be adding an on-site bakery, full grooming services and self-wash facilities. I encourage anyone who has questions about the change to contact me personally. My phone number is 739-4500 and my email is catdalinis@gmail.com.  Also, Leith Henry, whom many of our customers trust for nutrition and homeopathic consulting remains the "go to" person for special needs dogs and cats. She can be reached at 916-616-5220 or via email at konaskitchen@ymail.com. Thanks to all of you who made Scraps a special place. Yogi Bear and I look forward to seeing you in the community. Sincerely,Catherine Dalinis******I'm sure Bone Appetit people will be good too, but definitely I'm going to miss the staff and their dogs here. It's not just about the products- the people are what makes a place. Catherine has been the most encouraging, passionate, and approachable in making a change in every pet parent to step up to be conscious of pet health. I started to research before I came to Scraps about foods, but it wasn't until I came here that I made the change to be passionate about getting educated. I love showing others what I've learned and showing them the proof is in the health turnaround in the animals we have. I want to continue to learn and be a better parent tomorrow than I am today.  Thank you Scraps  for helping us give LuLu a wonderful last year of life by sending us off with foods that changed her senior frailty to walking like she was years younger. It didn't save her, but it made her short stay with us easier by boosting her ability to walk and taking away her joint pain. She enjoyed many a outings because of it. Thank you for helping make a happy cat whose food no longer gives him UTI, but has made him into a demanding priss who picked up the art of "singing for a meal". Thank you for my two rescues, who didn't know what food was until they found us. One was showing ribs and has happily filled out to a natural looking weight. Most of all- thanks for running that store, even when it was difficult on you, and making a change in so many families like ours. I hope you have a well deserved rest and please take care of yourself.
4	The new ownership has taken over and we took a visit. It is still Scraps until it moves next door so I figured I'll make the listing for Bone Appetit once the change actually happens. Change is scary when you love a place so much....but the changes seem like it'll be good. Self wash sounds like a grand idea. I love the idea of a bakery since I love to get good treat varieties for the monstors. I believe they will be open on Sunday too like the other Bone Appetit.The staff (I didn't catch her name) was very nice and informed us of the changes coming around.  Her lovely Frenchie-Boston was such a sweetheart. Reminds me so much of our LuLu in demeanor....I'll save the 5 stars for when the new operation is full running to see how it is, but the 4 stars right now is to say- I think it will be a good move. I still miss Catherine and Yogi though.______________________________NEW BUSINESS LISTING for BONE APPETIT can be found here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/bone-appetit-las-vegas-4
