3	Cheap drinks make me bowl better.  But man, is this place just as cheesy cool as Bonnie writes.  Oh how I love me some cheese.  With ASU close by it can be a fine lookin crowd, if you know what I mean.  I thought the song selection was lousy - no hip hop, just bad metal bands when I was there.Call me old fashioned, but I wasn't a fan of the new-fangled 2006 scorekeeping graphic animation.  Every time I got a strike it showed some kind of homoerotic green hulk.  Are they trying to send me some kind of message?  Wtf...
3	I heard one of the greatest lines ever from Mr. Man this last Sunday, after arriving in the Brunswick Zone (say that in an over dramatic echoing voice for maximum appeal) and allowing our eyes to adjust to the black lit cosmic bowling atmosphere. A flicker of disdain crossed his eyes as he uttered..."This place is a fucking hatchery!"Best off the cuff remark ever. The place was crawling with little kids from no less than five birthday parties. Sundays and cosmic bowling must act as a beacon to small children. Anyone who knows me understands that there is no love lost between me and little kids. Thankfully, the shrill dog whistle of excitement they make when hopped up on pixie sticks and soda pop was drowned out by the sounds of bowling.We were meeting a couple people here and wasted the time with four dollar bud bottles as we took in the mind boggling number of wee little munchkins tearing ass across the bowling alley and lobbing six pound balls down lanes with bumpers. Our party arrived and we proceeded to have a wicked amount of fun. I don't know how you can possibly go bowling and NOT have fun. Between the shit talking and cheap pitchers, hilarity ensues. They eventually turned the lights on, the little kiddos filed out, and our crass, inappropriate humor was given free reign to shine.I'm pretty sure everything there cost about four bucks. The beer. The shoe rental. The game. It's not the cheapest way to waste away an afternoon, but it's sure as hell a lot more fun than sitting on some sweltering bar patio or holed up inside watching a movie, with or without the ankle biters.
4	Bowling is by no means a huge passion of mine, but it is fantastically fun on occasion... especially accompanied with beer.  Fortunately, Brunswick Mesa Lanes has a full bar for those whose elitist beer tastes cannot be slaked with their draught offerings.  But it's not just a place for semi-alcoholics :)...the majority of people I've seen each time I was there has been either college students from nearby MCC or high schoolers forsaking any sense of a curfew.  /sigh/  Kids these days.  The lanes themselves are kept pretty clean, it's slicked in the right places, and not slick in the others.  The balls (at least 9 lb ones) are somewhat old, and some will show age through little cracks, but non-cracked alternatives are easily found.  Besides their league bowling times, and other open bowling times, they offer cosmic bowling on various nights, and also bowling specials such as 9.99 all you can bowls Wednesday night after 9:00 p.m.  I was there this past Wednesday, after 9:00 p.m., drinking Amberbock, watching teens push the limits of their curfew... and it was great.
3	Your typical bowling alley.  Cocktails are about $3.50, glow bowling on saturday nights.  They have a package for 6 people for like 65 bucks.. Includes your shoe rental and 2 hours of bowling.. oh, and a pitcher of soda.  The shoes are clean.  The bar is clean, the lanes are clean, and even the bathroom was clean.  Do not underestimate how much money a bar tab can be... 2 different friends racked up over 100 dollar checks in about 3 hours.. maybe 3.5..  Anyway, I liked this place and will return for sure... but maybe because I bowled 168 woot woot!
4	Nice, clean bowling alley. Fun, friendly staff...
4	Compared to the AMC on the 60, this bowling lane rox my sox. The curb appeal is a little sketch, but the inside is really nice and clean. The guy at the front was helpful as well, informing our overwhelmed selves that there were $2 games until 9pm tonight. Sweet! This'll definitely be my go-to place for bowling in the future.
4	Nice bowling alley..decent prices.. only thing that was unpleasant was the little shithead working behind the counter who's summer job just got the best of him.. but besides him I am a fan of this bowling alley.
4	Holy old people! This place was packed with senior citizens until about noon. We had one of the last lanes, along with another young family - us 10 were the only people there under 55. The guy at the front desk was a little out of it, but the guy at the food counter was charismatic & very helpful. I will definitely take the fam here in the future, just as soon as I get the hang of their heavily oiled lanes.
4	I went here with some friends last weekend to use a Groupon (4 people, shoe rental and 1 hour unlimited for 15$ woohoo!). I thought it was nicer than some other bowling alleys in Phoenix. The shoes were fairly new, which is always pleasant, the balls were organized by weight in a clear fashion, which was also nice. The only problem was the game froze a couple of times and the time kept ticking away, so we lost out on some time BUT at the end of our hour (of speed bowling) we only had a few frames left on our last game and the guys there gave us an extra 10 minutes for free to finish up, so that was very nice. I would come back here.
1	Terrible customer service!We had a party of 7 and had 2 lanes, one lane constantly having problems. Guy at the desk is so rude and made smart remarks when I asked for help with our lane. Charged twice because he didn't know what he was doing but luckily it was fixed within a few days. Probably never coming back. Heads up, $2 off coupon here they will not honor.
3	We went to Brunswick Zone in Mesa for their breakfast & bowling special. For $10, I would say it was alright, nothing special about the bowling alley itself and the breakfast was about what you'd expect. There were three options to choose from for breakfast - pancakes with bacon, french toast with bacon, & eggs and toast with bacon. As a result of all the bacon that was being cooked in their kitchen, the whole place smelled like bacon. I'd be willing to come back to this place at another time.
