5	I absolutely LOVE Massage Customs! Michael is incredible!  The room is spacious, very neat and clean. His massage is customized to what you tell him you need. He has a great flow and really works to get the knots out. He added hot towels to my session as well which was an awesome surprise! He even let me pick the music I wanted to listen to. Talk about customizing. I highly recommend Michael at Massage Customs, and will be back very soon!
5	Massage Customs delivers what you need. Michael, is an excellent therapist whom I've stayed with for seven years. He listens to my needs and always leaves me feeling better than when I came in. Michael gets a "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" from me!~Susan
5	I have had a lot of massage therapist in the past 15 years so therefore I am really picky when it comes to massage therapists. Michael is the best in Vegas, hands down.  I will drive across town for his customized massage.   After working a physical 40 hour work week plus chasing after my son I need someone who can work out my tight muscles.  I am so relaxed after a session!  The space is clean, warm and inviting.  Love being able to pick my music.  The hot towels are a nice touch. His prices are totally affordable that you could easily could get an hour and a half massage without breaking the bank.   I honestly think you should run, not walk to Massage Customs and treat yourself to an hour and half with Michael!
5	Michael is the best in Vegas! The room is welcoming and comfortable. He knows his stuff and is extremely affordable! U gotta get here;)
5	Best massage in the whole valley!!! Michael is amazing!!! He can do a variety of massages but his deep tissue is phenomenal!!!
5	A) Michael understands massage - it isn't just a rubdown. He has been doing this several years.B) He follows up - He called me a week later asking about the massage, any suggestions, etc. In short he cares about his business.C) the location is easy, clean, professional.
5	Michael is amazing! Always works out my tension & helps me feel more relaxed. Always conscious of the amount of pressure he uses. I have referred him to my friends & they agree with me...Michael is amazing...
5	Amazing. this place is beyond expectations. it may seem like exaggerating but im not. this place it definitely left a lasting impression. I bought 3 massages one for my sister, myself and my mother. my sister and I had a therapists named Michelle Ortiz i believe. and she was outstanding. I play numerous sports and for the injuries and work i put into my body, Michelle put in work and effort to take the knots and strain from my muscles plus she was a smaller build, so at first i was hesitant... but man, she has some muscles. When i asked to put more pressure, she did it with ease. The hot stones were the icing. I was relaxed and worry free. Overall experience was great. The attention and concern they had was heart felt. i would definitely recommend this place. already planning my next trip just to make sure i can accommodate to having another visit here.
5	Loved this place!! Michael was amazing and customer service was GREAT!! I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a massage.
5	AMAZING! you should honestly try it out! Worth every cent and more ... Michael knows his stuff and definitely can get all knots out.
5	This place is wonderful!! Michael is an outstanding massage therapist who really knows what he's doing. Given that i am currently going through chemotherapy, i was a bit hesitant to get a massage and unsure as to how my body would handle it. I am SO glad  I did!! Michael goes above and beyond making sure he has a thorough and complete understanding of your body and what problem areas you may have. Due to the chemo, i often have lower back problems, trouble standing up straight and even trouble walking. After seeing Michael, this problem ALWAYS goes away making my life much easier and enjoyable! In addition to being an skilled and knowledgable massage therapist, Michael is extremely nice. He genuinely cares for his customers and goes out of his way to follow up and make sure they were satisfied with their session. As an added bonus, he lets you pick what music you want to listen to during your massage. My overall experience at Massage Customs has been nothing short of amazing and i would highly recommend this place to anyone!!
5	Stiff sore back when I went in, came out feeling incredible! Megan knew what she was doing and was very thorough.  Asked the right questions and listened to my needs.  Will definitely be going back!!
5	Michael is the best massage therapist there is, he does the best deep tissue I have ever had!  I have been seeing him for 4 years and won't see anyone else. Today my mom booked with Michelle and she was great as well!
5	Only time for a quick review. Michael is the best massage therapist I've had in 20 plus years. He listens, knows what he's doing, has a good sense of humor, but most importantly, GREAT hands.I like a fairly deep massage and he's excellent. However, he adjusts the pressure depending on what I ask for and need.Today was my second visit. He's worth every penny and not that expensive, IMO. Worth the drive (only a few miles for me but in this heat...) all fwy so it goes quick. Only downside is I hate it when it's over.You will absolutely not be disappointed.
5	Michael is amazing!!!! This was my first massage and he totally made me feel comfortable. He has an awesome sense of humor, and all around a great guy! Will definitely be making more appointments with him!! Thank you Michael!!
5	I have seen Michael, Megan and Michelle and they are all amazing massage therapist. I saw Michael throughout my pregnancy to help with my sciatic. Recently I had Michelle help me work thru my neck pain from breastfeeding and Megan helped me thru my hip pain from all my traveling. I highly recommend coming in!!
5	I just left massage customs boy I feel great. I had a one hour massage from Michelle Diaz she used all her strength to work on the many knots I had. I can still smell the oils she used. She also used hot rocks that felt so good on my knots. I would say call and set up appointment with Michelle she did a great job and I will be stopping in on a regular basis. This is a great way to start your weekend!!!
5	I have been searching for a good massage therapist in the last 8-10 months and have tried several based on yelp recommendations  but none of them have really met my needs until I tried Massage Customs. The reviews mentioned that all the therapists here are excellent and Megan happened to have an open spot that matched my availability so I came in to see her. I am very happy to report that I was more than satisfied with my experience. Today was my second session with Megan and I could not be more pleased. My neck, upper back and legs were so sore from a long and stressful week at work and Megan melted all the knots and tightness away. The pressure she applies is just the perfect amount. She has a very pleasant personality as well. And she even gave me a sample of lavender oil to treat the burns on my hand. What an excellent gal! If you have aches and pains on a regular basis like I do, go see Megan. You will not regret it.
5	I've had 2 massages done by Michael Ortiz. He does excellent work and is very professional. He is one the best I have used for body work over the past few years. I recommend him to anyone looking for a good massage. I even travel 25 miles to have him work on my body.
5	My fiance and I were in town for Life Is Beautiful over this last weekend. We had some time to kill before the festival on Friday so he booked us both 90 minute massages at Massage Customs. Michelle was my therapist, and she did an amazing job. She really focused on making me feel comfortable, and checking in to make sure the pressure was exactly what I wanted throughout the massage. She even offered to play any music I wanted :) I really do appreciate that--I've had a handful of massages where the therapist never asked if I wanted to adjust the pressure, and I don't always feel like speaking up. They will really tailor your massage to what you're looking for. My fiance had his massage with Megan and was also very happy with his.Massage Customs is further out from downtown, so plan accordingly! Coming from the Bay Area, we were so used to finding an Uber, Lyft, Sidecar or whatever on a moment's notice. Because of the festival, the wait for a cab out there was about an hour. Michael saw us waiting forever, and offered us a ride! What a lifesaver. The staff here really goes above and beyond for their clients. Definitely recommend!
5	Michael Ortiz is an incredible massage therapist!  He must have knot GPS in his fingers because he finds them all. A deep tissue massage from Michael is fantastic.I first started seeing Michael when he worked for a large massage group.  His location was a 10 minute drive.  His new location is twice the drive but, as I told him, I'd rather have double the drive than a massage half as good.I'll be going back for another massage very soon!
5	Another fantastic massage by Michael. One new thing I thought was interesting. I happened to have had a super stressful conversation right before I went. He asked me how I was. I mentioned that I was very anxious and was trying to relax but having a hard time. He commonly uses scented oils, which I like. He had me breathe in and out three times while he held a certain scent under my nose, for lack of a better way to  say it - my eyes were closed.He didn't say anything about it, but about three minutes later he asked me how I was feeling and I said that I hadn't realized it, but my anxiety level was basically nil. He then me that the oil was called "Balanced," I think? I was blown away. I've never believed in aromatherapy, I mean I always enjoy the scent(s) of the salon when I go in, but never thought about any benefit from it.All you Michael fans, ask about it.The best part was the massage, of course, but his personality is so caring, thoughtful, and he's got a great sense of humor.Highly recommend, and as many have mentioned, worth an extra ten minutes or so for the drive if it pertains to you.
