3	Craving ice cream (or so I think I'm craving ice cream), my friend brings to me Mixers at this strip mall.Mixers is the equivalent of a Cold Stone Creamery.  It's one of those ice cream places where you pick your ice cream and your toppings and then they proceed to mix it all up on an ice cold slab before slapping it into your cup or cone.  I recall trying a few flavors and they were okay.  There was this one flavor that totally threw me off. I looked at my companion to see what he thought, and he wasn't impressed either.  "Was that supposed to be mint?"  (Maybe our taste buds were shot?)  Nonetheless, we did order our ice cream flavor and our toppings, watch the girl mix it up, and slap it into a bowl.  It's ice cream.  Nothing too fancy about this place, but it works when you want a mix.
4	I really like this place, actually....it's run by a Korean family, I think. They make all the ice cream on premises, and sell Illy espresso too. It is in a strip mall next to a pizzeria, an Army recruiter and a Blockbuster. It's a little Mom and Pop homemade ice cream place with coffee. Something I can get behind. The ice cream is really good, too. I had never been to a Coldstone before I went here, so it was my first experience with being asked if I wanted gummi worms or whatever in my ice cream...which I didn't. After a couple of visits I broke down and had a brownie in coffee ice cream, and that was awesome. Support indie ice cream, yo!
1	I did not like this ice cream. I had a few bites - threw it away. Didn't have the flavor/texture of the real deal. It looked like ice cream, had all the proper attributes of ice cream... but it wasn't. Maybe its an Asian take on what we know as ice cream? Me no likey.
5	Love this place. The sizes are a good price('small' is great for two people) and the lady was so kind. You can mix in candy bars, ice cream sprinkles, brownies, or even pie fillings. Hot drinks and boba are available too.
5	I love this place! Its just like cold stone but family owned and operated. Almost every time I go in the only person working is this adorable little old asia lady.The ice cream is delicious, I always get the black walnut, and there are tons of toppings to chose from. They make their own waffle cones too.The best part is that its way cheaper than cold stone. I get a small, which is actually really big, with one topping for less than $4 after tax.
5	I love this place! Their sundaes and shakes are so good! And the woman who owns the place is super nice and friendly! It's like a mom and pop cold stone. They do mix ins in their ice cream. They have really smooth ice cream and tons of mix ins to choose from. It's also a lot cheaper than cold stone! I highly recommend it!
5	Mixers kicks Coldstone's ass, any day!It's a mom and pop stores run by a family that clearly puts a lot of care into what they do. I used to come here all the time in high school, and I do try to sneak in whenever I get a chance while I'm in town. The kids size is perfect for one adult, while the small is perfect for two - my lil sis Jenni and I have gotten two flavors in a small before to share. The mix-ins are quite varied in choices. Also, they'll let you sample whatever you'd like. Their Sweet Cream ice cream will make YOU melt, and it's the perfect base for whatever mix-ins you'd like!
4	Insanely inexpensive compared to other ice creameries with the same concept of base flavor plus mix-ins. For three minis with two items, the total was a little over $10. I have been to other places where they have a similar premises but found the ice cream  to be too sweet or rich. Mixer's had a nice balance that was not too off putting. I got a mini mint with brownie and fudge. The sweet Asian woman behind the cold slab started with a nice generous scoop of homemade ice cream. Added a brownie square and drizzled in some hot fudge. After mashing everything up, she went back, scooped a bit more of the cold treat from the freezer, and continued. The end result was closer to the next size up. I was having a rough day and requested it to be served in a waffle bowl. For $.99, I was willing to see if this vessel would enhance my enjoyment. It was slightly sweet, crisp, and buttery. Mixers had plain, chocolate dipped, chocolate dipped with peanuts, or one with sprinkles. I am sure she did not ring up everything now that I tally everything up in my head.
5	This is my favorite ice cream shop in Las Vegas.  I usually order the coffee ice cream with either brownie or chocolate sprinkles mixed in.The ice cream and brownies are homeade, I can always taste the quality, its far superior to other places I have been.  And the prices are lower too.This seems to be a family-run business, the people who work there are always smiling and so friendly.  They seem to put a lot of love into what they do, which is quite rare these days.   So kudos to that! :-)
5	OMG!!!  one word " Delicious".  I've never even seen this place before, and i'm glad i decided to try it.  You can easily miss this place, cuz its a little hidden behind the taco bell.  I tried the Banana ice cream and i added walnuts,  ohhh the BEST.  YUMMY my mouth is watering...   My daughter had the strawberry is equally delicious.   Very clean place and very affordable.  YOU HAVE TO TRY IT....
4	This is a small ma and pa place, with the owner working the back.  It was simple flavors, and you could get a cone, a cup or a bowl, mixed with goodies or plain.  It's like the big ice cream places that mix up a "luv it" cup but for a lot less price.  The ice cream had good creamy flavor, and the brownie I chose to add to it was very fresh.  A nice alternative to the other ice cream shops!
4	Needed an ice cream fix at 9:00 pm the other night.  We screeched in just minutes before closing and we were still served with a smile.  All four of us got a small ice cream with a mix in for $9.  Crazy! Is this a joke? Shhhhh! Do not tell the owners....they could definitely increase their prices.  Way less than expected.I had butter pecan with health bars mixed in while hubby chose white chocolate with raspberries.  Both were delightful.They packaged our treats neatly with lids in a to go bag so we could enjoy them at home on the couch. Score!Delicious ice cream at an unbeatable price.
3	Decent little place, better tasting, quicker and cheaper than Coldstone (IMHO) but the ice cream has that soft, gummy-ish consistency that is common with "mix-in" places.
4	This is basically an old Coldstone with new management that is taking the same concept and calling it their own. The two ladies behind the counter were very nice, friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the ice cream, tasted just like Coldstone but the big difference is the price, much cheaper here. They also serve Illy coffee and i'm a sucker for great coffee.
5	We found this place because of the reviews on yelp.  One of my biggest complaints about living in Las Vegas is there are no good ice cream shops that are not chain stores.   After some searching on yelp, we found Mixers in our neighborhood.  A very friendly Asian family owns the shop.  It is a Coldstone-esque kind of place but much much cheaper.  The advertised hours are 1-9, but we have gone at 12:30 and they have happily served us.  There has never been a line, but usually a person or two either checking out or sitting at the tables enjoying their ice cream.  We love to make our own ice cream concoctions  (the owners are heavy with the toppings WOO HOO!)in the waffle cone bowls.  For two small ice creams it comes to about $11 before tip.  While that might seem a bit steep, we always freeze the leftovers for another serving or two. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood!
4	First I want to say, SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESS! I'll go here before going to over price Cold Stone...  You most def get your moneys worth here. From what I counted, they had 15 flavors. They keep one in the back cause it doesn't fit in the cooler in the front. They can mix as many flavors your heart desire. The servings are HUGE! If she notices that the ice cream doesn't look like its filled the cup, she will add more. They make there own sugar cones and bowls and they are DELICIOSO! (In my Dora Explorer voice)You cant go wrong with this place! I love it and so will you. OH and the chocolate banana milkshake is A-MAZING!
5	Every time I've been to this place it is always clean, and the lady behind the counter is very friendly. I love that their ice cream is handmade daily at the store. The mixers are great. But the ice cream is so good it doesn't really need anything added. :)
5	I was looking for a non-chain ice cream place because sweet addictions wasn't cutting it for me with their cheap thrifty's nasty ice cream. LET me tell you this place blew me away! The concept is just like cold stone but the prices are MUCH cheaper. My husband had white chocolate ice cream with butterfingers and I had banana ice cream. Both ice creams were smooth and silky. To boot they are all made on site. I will be returning and I suggest anyone who is in the mood for ice cream to try it as well!!
3	This place is pretty good except that they didnt have the flavor I was looking for.  Regardless, wont be coming back because of the flavor.
5	Homemade ice cream!  Creamy, not-too-sweet that you get sick of it, not-too-cold that your teeth hurt HEAVENLY goodness!I wish I knew about this place when I moved this past Feb. 2012.  Now that it's cold in Vegas, of course I discover this place.Every time I come here, I'm the only customer so I really hope business picks up for them and the place stays open forever.  Or maybe it's just not as busy now because it's too cold outside.They also have specialty coffee, teas, boba and other yummy beverages.  I absolutely LOVE this spot.
4	The other reviews got it right. It's like a Coldstone with the mix-ins, and it's cheaper. I wouldn't say that my mind is blown away by the flavors, but the second half of my "small" size being $3.98 w/ tax is still sitting at home in my freezer. You do get just one mix-in free with most options, with a fee for extras, so Coldstone might be for you still if you're a fan of concoctions loaded with different toppings. However, if you like potentially cheaper ice cream and want to support locally owned places, then Mixers is for you.
5	Been going there regularly ever since I was shown it shortly after I first moved here back in '06.  Cheaper prices than their competitors(read Cold Stone) and who doesnt like ice cream and supporting small local mom n pop businesses? I tried a bunch of their homemade ice creams with various mixers but my favorite has to be the homemade banana ice cream mixed with reese pb cups! They do have a loyalty card where you buy 9 get the 10th free.  Always nice and good service!
5	The best Homemade ice cream in Vegas! Its always nice to support a local business. Big Portions, great add ins, AMAZING ICE CREAM, and you can't beat the prices. The owners are very nice. Better than Cold Stone. I just discovered Mixers last week and Ive been twice. The banana ice cream w/ strawberries is my favorite.
5	Great choice for supporting your local business, its like Coldstones, however it is cheaper and friendlier with the portions and tasty as ever. I personally always get the same thing, cake batter ice cream with toasted coconut and raspberries. They have a punch card if you become an addict and overall they are pretty great lots of flavor options to choose from
5	Love the mom and pop shop! They serve fresh homemade ice cream only made with the best ingredients!! Fresh waffle cones are made all day! The aroma of yummy goodness folks the air ! Honeydew boba tea is a new flavor for me, however it is amazing!! The customer service is great and this family who owns and operates this store work hard, put all there love into everything they do and they are so nice! Can't get better than Mixers!!
