5	The staff here is so nice! Dr. Christakos is very professional, honest, and I don't feel like he tries to upsell you with procedures like some dentists do every check up telling you that you need (insert several procedures here) The office is nice, clean and the exam rooms are very up to date with a flatscreen and comfy chair.  Probably one of the most thorough and gentle cleanings I've ever had. I'm so glad I found this practice! I highly recommend it!
5	I've been going to Dr. Christakos for a few years now.  Hands down the best dentist I've ever been to.  His office is modern, his staff friendly and efficient, and he never tries to push to have any unnecessary work done.  I've recommended him to friends and coworkers and they've been very happy too.  Great, great dentist!
5	I've been a patient of Dr Christakos for over 5 years and having had bad experiences as a child Dr C is the best. He's a friendly engaging professional who displays character and family values. I've had serious dental issues in my life and only wish I had found a dentist like this decades ago. By the way, Debbie & Carla are the most gentle Dental Hygienists I've ever met.
5	I have been going to Dr. Christakos for several years and have always had a great experience but I was overly impressed this week when I called in about a toothache I was having. I talked to the receptionist on Thursday evening to see if I could get in for an emergency appointment that day or the next and she told me they were closing so I couldn't get an appointment until Monday. She did give me the phone number to another dentist they refer people to when they are closed. I did not even have a chance to call the other dentist before Dr. Christakos personally called me back to find out what was going on. After reviewing my history and my current symptoms he said I would probably need a root canal and referred me to a specialist that I was able to see first thing the next morning. I really appreciated the personal call back so I didn't have to waste my time going to a different dentist first that would have probably had to refer me to someone else and waste more time.
