2	I've been to Da Franco twice, once in the summer and once in the winter, both times I went with big groups for birthday parties.Service: During my winter visit on 02/15/2014, our waiter was extremely biased towards us depending on whether we were French or not. Our waiter was incredibly cold towards us, he did however treat the one French speaker who was with us obviously nicer. He spoke to us very aggressively. He even messed up one of our orders but rather than apologizing, he rolled his eyes and said, "no you ordered that", when my friend clearly ordered another dish. I can say that if it wasn't for the waiter, I would have enjoyed my dinner. 1/5Food: Im not even a picky eater and my lasagne tasted like it came out of a can, disappointing for an Italian restaurant. My friend who ordered a steak was also great disappointed. It was a thin soggy slice of beef lathered on tomato sauce, hardly what you would call a steak. Most of my friends liked their pasta dishes however. The prices are reasonable for what you order.2/5Atmosphere: Live band in the evening when I went on Saturday, very nice singers, beautiful voices. Restaurant was a little loud, but it gave the room energy.  4/5
4	Located this restaurant within easy walking distance of our hotel, the Embassy Suites.  I had an excellent Veal Parmagiana with a side of spaghetti with Bolognese sauce, and my wife had an equally excellent canneloni with meat sauce.  The sauces in particular were flavorful, and the meat and pastas also well prepared.  The service was attentive.I'm docking this restaurant one star for atmosphere on a Saturday night...specifically, there was a singer (who was very good, by the way) whose mic was way too loud, making it virtually impossible to have a quiet conversation due to EVERYONE in the restaurant raising their voices to talk over the singer's mic.  A shame that this situation was so noticeable that it requires this specific criticism, affecting an otherwise lovely meal.I would certainly recommend this place on a night without the entertainment.
