4	I've had my hair cut at both Grooming Humans I and Grooming Humans II. The experience was the same for both, but GHII offers more salon services, so I've gone back to that one a couple times. The stylists at GHII all have different styles, but I've never been dissapointed with a cut. I stopped going because it got a little expensive for me---I think the stylist I went to regularly raised her rates---but I still go back for waxing. Their aesthetician's room is really tiny (think closet!), but it's comfy.
5	I've been going to Grooming Humans and now GH2 since 2000.  I have consistently recieved great haircuts that followed the trend that my hair has gone (getting a little older now).   I have only received these haircuts from Dina Molinario and she has been awesome.  I look forward to getting my haricut because when she washes my hair it feels like a 10 minute scalp massage which I love.  If you're going to GH or GH2, ask for Dina M.  you won't be dissapointed.
5	I've been to Erika a bunch of times in the last 2 years. Her layers/texture are great and she's super nice and laid back. I had her dye my bleached/fried hair to my natural color and she matched it perfectly- amazing! She does the long scalp massage too - sigh... so nice!
5	Erika gets me. Really. Actually, I think she gets everyone. She is great at reading people and interpreting what they actually want when they sound a little confused. Over the summer I decided to cut off a large amount of hair. I brought Erika a couple of pictures that probably did not have anything to do with one another, but I sat down and she knew what I wanted. I have loved every haircut I have gotten from her. Hubski's mom was in town a few months ago. After getting a terrible haircut at an overpriced salon in West Hollywood, she saw my hair and insisted we make an appointment for her right away. This conversation ensued: "Mamechka, the place I go is a little punky." "OK" "Erika has tattoos and piercings, and green hair." "OK, vat's de problem?" We went that afternoon and now she can't stop raving about Erika. The haircut was fabulous and much less expensive than the one Erika had to fix. She's a badass. No one else can come near my hair with sharp objects.
5	I found Erica years ago and thought she was fantastic.  Then I moved to Washington, DC and found that she is totally amazing.  Aside from being, cheerful, respectful and really cool to talk with, she listens and understands hair very well.  I have curly hair which can be a challenge to cut, but she cuts it just right and even fixed the bad cut I had in DC - which I actually had several bad cuts.  Just go to Erica. You won't be sorry.
5	Since I've moved to Phoenix I have been getting my hair cut by Erica.  She does a great job with a simple cut that looks polished and excellent highlights.  Oh, and she doesn't judge me when I come in an almost 3 month rotation to reduce beauty maintenance costs.I used to avoid conversations with stylists, but Erica makes me feel really comfortable.   So I dish-that is a first.It is pricey, but worth it.  And oh so close to ASU.  I walk from work.
5	Great place to get a haircut!  I've been going to them for years, and I've never been disappointed.
5	Great place to get a haircut!  I've been going to them for years, and I've never been disappointed.  Everyone that works there is very talented.  I have had my hair cut by many people that work there including Kelly, Brad, Erika, and Dawn.  All amazing haircuts.  Dawn cut my hair before my wedding, and Erika did a fantastic job today.  Love this place!
4	All I know is that this haircut was awesome. Usually gay male hair dressers are the only peeps I will go near, but have no fear, this place has me covered.I am going back DOS, I will update. If it rules again, I will update from 4 to 5 stars.
5	I've been getting my hair cut at Grooming Humans for quite a while, I've only strayed a few times when I was out of town.  But I regretted going to other places immediately as my hair never looked half as good as when Lena at Grooming Humans cuts and/or colors it. Lena is AMAZING at doing color!  I was pretty timid about color at first - I have black, relatively fine curly-ish hair and worried about the possible hair damage, whether I could get a flattering color, how it would look, etc.  I was going to go with a "safe" highlight color (maybe a red or copper) color, but then I saw some of Lena's work with color and wanted to try something more adventurous.  I ended up going with teal, green, and blue streaks which turned out to look really awesome!  Plus, the color stayed in for over 2 months with careful maintenance and even as it lightened it STILL looked great!  Due to a teaching job, I've had to forgo the wild colors I used to have as a student, but I still get my cuts from Lena.  She's super nice, easy to talk to and has worked with my hectic schedule to fit me in for a cut when I need one.  I'm not the most specific when it comes to haircuts, and I am not one who goes in for high-maintenance styles or cuts.  But Lena always manages to get me out the door with a cut that's easily do-able (maximum 10 minutes in the mornings!), flexible (she's showed me easy day styles and more dressy evening looks), and really cute.My husband hates getting professional cuts (he's the self-stylist with a trimmer kind of guy) due to previous bad ones he had at other salons. He was growing out his hair but needed a better cut as it was getting to be a bit too shaggy.  I sent him to Lena, who did a fabulous job with his hair, which tends to be pretty thick.If you're a newbie to color or want to try something new and different, go with Lena, I cannot recommend her enough!
5	I went to Grooming Humans for 8 years before I left Phoenix a few years ago. I have yet to find a hair stylist like Lena in NJ. Lena never disappointed with my cut and color. She was very meticulous with hair color and always ensured my hair color was perfect. Lena would always cut my hair the way I asked her to cut it. She never got carried away with the scissors by cutting it too short or not enough. Lena is FANTASTIC!
5	Went back again...and it was gggrrreeeaaatttt!Yah for Erika. :)Go here, it makes you feel all giddy inside.
5	I stumbled upon Grooming Humans while still attending ASU. I was living 2 blocks away, and had a serious emergency. I decided to go to Sally's Beauty Supply and purchase "EXXXXTREME hair bleach" - (I swear it had that many x's) and bleach my hair. Long story short, I goofed up and dropped a dallup of bleach RIGHT on the front/top of my head... the worst place! It bleached my hair a really nice eggshell tone, and I cried my way all the way to Grooming Humans. $200+ later my hair was fixed....I was broke. But damn, I sure looked good! I have been going to Erika ever since. She is a witty, hilarious girl, shoot I would go there just to hang and not get my hair cut! At $50 a haircut I don't get to see her as much as I would like, but I really enjoy the experience + the result. A PLUS!p.s. being in Tempe, the parking can be a bit tight - bring quarters if you need to park in the street. Don't worry - Erika will run and refill your meter for ya!
5	It's always a good feeling leaving your hair stylist knowing you look good. I have been going here for a few years and I have never been disappointed. You do not need to worry about getting a cut that doesn't work for your face or your style. Only draw back is the parking, make sure you have quarters if you end up at a meter.
5	Donna is AMAZING!! Very good experience, so glad I found this place!! Highly recommend! They cut and color the way YOU WANT. Like my avatar blondie pic?? All Donna! :D
5	This place is great!  I've been going for almost two years as a student at ASU.  It's located right across campus and I've always been able to get an appointment when I wanted.  I see Dawn who is this owner and goes a great job everytime and is very friendly.  Parking is typical parking around ASU.  Gotta use meters or public lot but you get first hour free when you use public parking which is more than enough time for me.  Prices are reasonable.  Comparable or cheaper to other "salon" places on Mill Ave or Scottsdale.
5	Been going here for 5+ years. i currently drive across the city to get there. Studio is very nice, always easy to get parking, stylists are friendly and it's moderately priced.HIGHLY recommend Holly as the stylist
5	I drive all the way from Tucson to Tempe to see Erika.  I wanted hair that was a bit edgy but would allow me to maintain my regular job.  I was having trouble finding this.  One stylist put blond streaks all over my head that looked nothing like the photos I had shown the stylist.  Another salon asked if I was in a rock band or an artist.  Since my profession didn't fit into a "creative" category, I was denied.  I didn't get this attitude when I visited Grooming Humans.Erika was able to get rid of those Barbie doll blond streaks and put me back to my regular dark brown color.  On top of that she put in blood red peek-a-boo streaks.  She does custom mixes and has any Crayola color you wish.  What is great about the style she suggested is that I don't have roots that show right away.  On top of that, she uses this toner which makes the color stay longer than when I've attempted to dye at home.  While the salon is a bit pricey, I don't have to go that often.The disadvantage of this salon is the parking.  Better bring a pocketful of quarters as you'll have to use a meter or a pay lot to park.
5	I was looking for more of an edgy cut and didn't really know who would be the best hair stylist to do it. After research, I found Erica at Grooming Humans. Not only was she a sweetheart and extremely knowledgable about hair, but she did a fantastic job. At previous salons I've been to, the stylists focused too much on trying to sell me a product instead of explaining them and telling me which would be best for MY hair. Erica did just that. When she was finished, all the stylists and the owner thought she did a fabulous job and I couldn't disagree. I will be going back to her in the future and I recommend others do the same. You won't be sorry.
5	I love the girls over at Grooming Humans! Everyone is super nice and friendly, and that's saying something because I'm usually intimidated by salons.The first time I went, I had Holli give me an all-over color. The second time, I had Kate put in some low-lights to hide my roots as well as a cut. Both of them did great jobs, and didn't mind accommodating me when I was worried about the hair dye getting on my new ear piercings (just ask them to put a bandage or something over it; they'll also be careful around that area).Before I went to Grooming Humans, I was a $20 haircut type of girl--but I can really tell that difference in quality between a $20 cut and a cut from Grooming Humans... and I'm addicted! My hair looks tons better after they're done with it. Plus, it's literally across the street from ASU's Tempe campus! Score!
5	I have lived in Tempe now for four years and have only gotten my hair cut at Great Clips and I get my hair colored in San Diego.  For the last few weeks I have been wanting to color my hair and get ready for the summer.  I have decided to call a few places to see if I could get an appointment and quick.  When I called GH they were able to get me in the same day.  When I arrived there was a parking spot.  My appointment started right on time.  Dawn did my hair and she was a very lovely person.  My color is great and I love my cut.  I will never go back to great clips...even if it is only 13 dollars.
5	I've been going to GH ever since I moved to AZ in 2004 and did a really bad bottle dye-job at home that I needed fixed in a hurry! They saved me! ;-) The stylists at GH have always been amazing--they pay close attention to detail, aren't afraid to be edgy and fresh (or to tell you the "limits" with your hair type, lol!), and they somehow always do exactly what you are looking for, except better! Holli LaCombe has been my stylist for 7 years now and offers, in my opinion, the best cut/color ever, hands down! She's super fun to talk to and always makes me look like a million bucks--I will follow her wherever she goes, if she ever leaves GH!  I've also had "special occasion" hair done by Kelly--she made my post-wedding photo shoot hair look amazing, with a 50's pin-up feel to it!Give GH a try--you won't regret it! :-)
4	I have been going to Kelly for almost a year now.  She pays attention to detail and is great at blending (especially men's short hair styles).  Downside?  Bring extra quarters for the on-street parking.
5	After 5 years of going to the same hair stylist, I was kind of hesitant to find a new one. But after getting a recommendation from a friend to go to Grooming Humans, I thought 'why not?' I can tell you that I absolutely loved my experience. Erika was absolutely wonderful. She was easy to talk to and was nice to work with. I would definitely recommend coming here and asking for her. I love my hair and it is definitely worth the $49 I paid to get it cut.
5	I first went to GH in April because I received a bad haircut from another salon. I went with whoever was available which happened to be Carly. She did a wonderful job fixing the cut without losing more length. Five months later I went back and asked for Carly who again made me feel amazing by giving me a great cut I love! She definitely has a loyal client here!
2	I got a pretty decent haircut and with the first time discount 18 dollars for a haircut plus tip for a cut is not too shabbyI had Ryca as my stylist and then get touched up by the owner after she finished*UpdateEh 3 weeks into my haircut the deficiencies are starting to showBack and sides are not layered evenly and over a pretty average men's cutIt's disappointing I can get consistent good haircuts in Korea for 10-20 bucks but paying that much in America will be hit or miss 90% of the time
5	I made a last minute decision to cut my hair and since I was in the Tempe area (by ASU) I decided to check out Grooming Humans. I am so glad I did.  I got an amazing cut and style with Erika.  Through the consultation to cut and style, she was attentive, informative, and took the time to make sure my cut would be grow out great.  I especially appreciated the fact that she finished off the cut after drying my hair.  I highly recommend Erkia @ GH!
5	Great place to get a quick, quality haircut. They have very nice staff members that listen to your needs!
4	Kelly is an amazing stylist. I have gotten my hair cut by her on 3 different occasions, for a pixie, a transition cut, and a mid length trim. I hate to admit it, but I'm really picky and weird about my hair. It has been a challenge to find someone who can accommodate me and boy howdy, she has! Every time I have gotten exactly what I wanted, and it grows out really well, too. I highly recommend her.
5	I had gone years without trusting anyone ot cut my hair, and then I went to see Holly at Grooming Humans and had the best experience all the way around!!! Holly has the natural ability to cut hair, hands down the best haircut that I have gotten in my life. Holly has a great personality and was not overly aggresive as far as taking too much hair off. She created a dialogue with me as far as what I was looking for and what would work for me. I really like her process.This girl has ALOT of nautral talent. I can't recommend Holly enough, she's the best hairstylist I have had in years. Can't wait to go back.
5	I have been going to Dina for 12 years, she's fantastic.  I have sent her 15+ referrals and they all come back raving about her and the cut.  Their product prices are reasonable too.
5	Have been going to Grooming Humans for many years. Pricing is very good, but it's less about that than the simple consideration of how good the people are. Erika is world-class. Period. I have lived all over the Valley and I will travel any distance and any amount of time to have her perform her magic. If you have not had the experience, I am a firm believer that once you have... you will go nowhere else.
4	I have always been cautious of coloring hair, and the morning I decided to do it I did  a lot of research and found this place to be close in location as well as the best quality to where I lived on campus at ASU. It is rather pricey, but getting hair colored always is. I have very very very stubborn dark black hair and it's super difficult to get color into it. I have been twice and have never been disappointed. Lawrence was able to understand exactly what I wanted and did a marvelous job. After going, my hair is still super healthy and I didn't get the typical hair that turns orange after being dyed. Although pricey for me, I would say that this place is fairly charged for the service that I have gotten.
5	I have lived in Tempe for 3 years, but I'm very picky about who cuts my hair so I used to drive 30 minutes to Phoenix for my old hair stylist. Finally I decided I really needed a haircut and I would just try some place new. I am SO glad I did. After reading all the yelp reviews about Erika I decided to make an appointment with her. She was fantastic. I really didn't have much of an idea what I wanted, but she talked it over with me and started cutting. After the cut I told her i had a different vision for my bangs and she said no problem and trimmed them up just like I imagined. Not a super cheap haircut, but totally worth it. I will definitely be back.
5	Dawn is a fantastic stylist. After several unhappy visits to other hair stylists my husband suggested I see his. I scoffed at the thought that he'd have a great hair stylist but, listened despite my cynicism.  I'm so thankful I did because she is the best! She is a great listener. She is one of few stylists who listen to the things you like and don't like about you're hair and helps to come up with a style that will satisfy you're desires and that will stay fresh looking from each appointment to the next. I really appreciate that at each visit she has a plan for the next visit (ie. growing hair longer or gradually darkening ect.) and she actually takes notes and remembers what we discuss. I feel confident in her ability to hear key details in my requests and execute them correctly. I have not found a stylist that I am as confident in as her. Beyond her skills, she seems to love her job and is super fun and easy to chat with.
5	I have searched 53 years to find the perfect stylist/colorist. I found her via word of mouth at GH. Holly is INCREDIBLE !!!!! Honestly, trust me, this girlie is a natural at doing hair. Some can do hair and a lot can't. Holly is a definite can do. Grooming Humans is a friendly unpretentious salon that relieves all hair anxieties. Well worth the $$$$$.
5	I will definitely be going back. I love the haircut. I explained what I wanted and the owner said he thought it would work with my hair and went with that, cutting it completely tailored to my "cowlick" (hate that word) etc rather than just doing a cookie cutter cut that wouldn't have worked exactly well. It was moderately priced, but well worth it.
5	Had another great one with Holly. If you are looking for a good colorist as well as stylist Holly is the girl for you. I have I trusted her with changing the color of my hair from going darker to light and I completely trust her opinion and her skills. She is meticulous and takes her time. Holly has a fantastic personality and I always look forward to my hair appointments. I promise, she is a real joy!!!!
5	I am  a 'run to supercuts for a quick trim' person, but after one of the girls there did a super shabby job, i decided to check out this place as per my frnds recommendation. Wasnt disappointed at all! Worth d money spent, and Carla who cut my hair, took her time, did a detailed job, and wasnt looking to rush me out of the door. she did a great job at styling too, my hair never looked so glam :D
5	i'm going to say that you get what you pay for... if you're wondering a good place to get your hair dyed or cut, grooming humans hair studio is the place to go. i've been going here for the passed 2 years, and am absolutely in love with the place. kate is my usual hair stylist, and i love her. she gets a good feel for her clients, and makes you feel super comfortable. not only that, but she does a fantastic job. my hair has been all different kinds of ombre this year, and i can't tell you how many complements i get on it.
5	Go see my girl Katie at Grooming Humans.  She gave me a fun short shag...and gave me a great color job.  Next time I am in I need to grab a stack of cards because I am constantly being inquired about where I get my hair done....and I totally love to brag that it was at Grooming Humans.
1	25 dollars for a mens hair cut that's subpar? It's on the same level in my book as great clips. Go somewhere else.
4	This place is located just north of The Chuck Box on Forest. Theres plenty of parking right across the street, but it is a pay lot.This place is tiny, but large. When you walk in youre immediately greeted. There are a couple of comfy couches to lounge on if theres a wait for your stylist.Ashley is my fave girl here. She always keeps her station clean, and is super personable. I went to her for a cut and color. She spend the 1st 5-10 minutes talking to me about exactly what color I wanted. She ended up blending a red and light brown to mimic my natural color. Personally, I always feel uncomfortable chatting w/ the stylist I get. It just never seems genuine. But not w/ Ashley.My color came out great and I love the cut she gave me. I was in and out in about an hour, hour and a half. Id definitely recommend Grooming Humans and especially Ashley.
1	I went in for the first time for a cut and color due to a friend's recommendation and was so disappointed (understatement) with both. I spent way too much money to come out with my hair looking the exact same before I went in. She put in enough foils to highlight 3 people's hair but somehow the color came out the exact same. As for the cut, my hair was so fried at the ends from not being cut in a while and naturally having dry hair that I needed at least an inch off. Any other salon/stylist would argue I'd probably need at least two but she said no, I'd go half an inch at the most. After the color was washed out she cut literally two pieces of hair. Two pieces. She didn't even trim all the ends or anything. She picked up two pieces, cut them and left the rest in it's fried, gross state. I was so confused. It was like they picked up some random person and asked them to work in their salon for the day. Then she took a razor to my layers and bangs and my hair is even more thin now than it was. After the "cut" was done, she was going to straighten it to style it. My hair is naturally pretty straight to begin with so it doesn't take much to keep it that way. She sprayed hairspray all over my hair and straightened over the hairspray. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but I have never, ever seen or heard of any professional stylist doing that, especially to someone who already has straight hair. Usually you leave a salon feeling good about yourself and happy that your hair is done but I left, cried that I'd wasted so much money only to have it redone the next week and went home to wash all of the hairspray and 3 other products she put in out of it. You may be wondering why I didn't say something and ask her to correct it but at that point, I just wanted to get out of there and not make it any worse. The cherry on top of this was when I asked where she went to beauty school. She just said she'd been doing hair since kindergarten and had practiced a lot on her barbies. No joke. And by that time, half my head had foils in and it was too late to go back.
4	I only paid $18 plus tip for this haircut, and I have paid $60 for haircuts that are of similar quality.  I received a $10 discount because  I was a first-time customer.  My hair stylist was a true professional who gave the exact haircut that I requested.  I didn't even have to go back to my hotel to shower as all of the stray hairs that normally bother me after a haircut were completely removed by the hair stylist, who took the time to make certain my face and neck were hair free.  I even took an airplane home without any itchy post-haircut discomfort.   If I am ever back in Tempe and need a haircut, I will definitely return.  The only negative things I have to say is  that the salon itself is could be kept cleaner and the temperature in the salon was rather hot; however, the quality of haircut and customer service clearly made up for the environmental shortfalls.
1	I found this salon on yelp. I wanted to curl my hair and I checked the website and the price. It was up up to 60 and more reasonable compared to the other salons in Tempe. So I called them and asked them the price again to make sure. I told them my hair is short and this is the first time I am doing perm. Donna worked on my hair for 2 hours and a half. She was so friendly and asked many questions which i did not like to answer. She told me she has to trim my hair a little bit because it splits. After she was done she showed me the bill and I was shocked! 110$ for perm for short hair?!! She charged me for perm for medium hair (my hair is really short not medium) and for hair cut ( the trim as she called). I just came from salon and felt bad and disappointed. the perm style is not what I wanted and showed her on my laptop. when I woke up this morning my hair was straight again. the perm did not last!! She told me she will give me discount next time but I am not going there again. I do not recommend this salon. But If you want to go there ask them about the price first because they overcharge you. and one more thing, do not go there for perm.
5	Grooming Humans is a fantastic salon. I read some of the reviews from people that were dissatisfied, but granted that is going to happen at every hair salon. I have been going to GH for over two years and have seen some incredible work by some very talented people. The vibe is comfortable. Everyone gets along and supports one another and there is no pretentiousness and backstabbing that can be found at other salons. My personal fav is Holly. I know that the stylist for you is waiting at GH.
4	Dina was an excellent stylist -- she was really nice during the consultation and took her time to create a nice look for me. She's very meticulous and super skilled in what she does. Excellent service and friendly mixed with professional atmosphere. A bit overpriced though, but totally worth trying the first-time offer.
4	Nice salon, friendly staff, inconvenient parking. I rate the salon itself well, though I wouldn't book an appointment with the lady who cut my hair again. I'm reasonably certain she was hung over while she was cutting my hair, and I'm sure I was visibly cringing throughout the process. She didn't butcher my hair though, so I'll keep her anonymous. I'd probably go back though if it were a bit closer and just ask for Lawrence. He was the next stylist over and seemed very professional, savvy, and was a pretty snappy dresser.  In short, give this place a shot, but do a field sobriety test on your stylist before they grab any sharp objects, and you should be fine.
5	I was in town and needed to get my hair trimmed and looking nice for business meetings. I found this location on yelp. The staff is very friendly and experienced. The cost was reasonable. I only wish I lived in Tempe so I could be a regular. I highly recommend. Also, excellent business name.
2	Took my Daddy here to get his beard trimmed and while they did a fairly decent job of the cut, Victoria needs to learn a little customer service (and how to even out a mustache properly!)
5	Love this place! I started going to GH2 back when I was a freshmen at ASU so let's just say Im a loooong time client! The staff is great! I mainly go for their waxing services now- Holli is the best!
5	Scarlet is a hair designer from Korea, did a great job...expect to pay $30 minimum but is totally worth it.
4	For my 100th review I decided to write on Grooming HumansI don't quite remember how I ended up being a customer at gHI used to always see it when I was around ASU main campus or on a stroll to MillUpon my first experience I had called in and was scheduled to be with CarlyButSomething came up and I had to postponeI put off my hair cut for 2 days when I was free and I was scheduled again with ScarletI'm usually very picky with my hair cuts and in my first meeting  really didn't have to give Scarlet much direction... Even though she was fairly new to gH, she was excellent in working with me and finding out how I wanted my hair cut... She is very nice and doesn't just chop here and thereShe keeps checking to see if it's to your desired lengthEven when she's just about done, she will make sure that you walk out happyIt's nice to sit and chat with her too, she's a character I am such a regular of hers that every time I go in, we pick up convo and ask each other about so and soFor the guys who want a short cut or just a very detailed cut, I suggest Scarlet The prices at gH are reasonable for the quality cut and the experience, they also have deals for first timers as well as repeat customers
5	Scarlett is great! I got a horrible pixie cut from another salon, and she managed to save it when most of my hair was already chopped off.
5	I came back to get my hair colored - red with highlights. It came out amazing, probably the best coloring I've ever gotten!! In the past at other salons, I've had red highlights turn out hot pink or the base color coming out darker than I wanted since they underestimated how dark my hair is, but Scarlett knew exactly what she was doing!
3	This was a good place to get a haircut -- all kinda basic --- and  a bit hit-and-miss with the stylists.  But it is close to campus and reasonably priced.   I found one person who I will return to ---
4	Been coming to Grooming Humans for a while now for work and they do an amazing job with cutting hair. They listen to you before cutting and make sure it's exactly what you like. To anyone who wants a good styling salon Id def recommend Grooming Humans!
