1	Wow, that was disappointing! The owners of this new resto made a major investment in the decor and they did a great job as the restaurant has a wonderful and unique decor. Exposed beams, shinny stainless vents, beautiful wood floors and highlights of glass and copper. Unfortunately the service is not on par with the care and precision that went into the design and construction. The Maitre d' and our waiter's demeanour can best be described as surely and I immediately felt unwelcome. We were seated toward the rear of the restaurant near the  kitchen and seemed to be directly in line with some sort of cooling fan that cast a chill on our entire evening. We were a group of 3 and ordered the Salmon Tartare, Beef Short Ribs & the Bavette. The Bavette was the clear winner. The food was good, but not mind blowing in any way. Throughout the entire evening we felt as if were causing some sort of inconvenience to our waiter who was extremely unattentive. In addition to being generally unfriendly the service we received was not on par with this level of restaurant. The bread was very slow to arrive at our table, 2 people at our table were served their plates and then we waited about 5 minutes for the 3rd dish to arrive. For my friend who ordered the Bavette the waiter did not think to bring her a steak knife so she was stuck trying to cut through it with a butter knife. When we completed our dinner we sat around for an extended period of time and no one asked us if we would like the check. After I flagged someone down the bill arrived quickly and then we were left sitting with my credit card on the table for another 15 minutes without anyone coming by to process our payment. Again I had to flag down one of the staff. Not once did someone say 'sorry for the delay' or apologize in any manner. The restaurant was reasonably busy, but well staffed so I can't blame any of the above on a shortage of staff or excessive stress on the staff. Our overall experience at Grinder was poor. Never did we feel that our presence in the restaurant was appreciated in any manner. There are a large number of terrific restaurants in Montreal where you can spend your money and thoroughly enjoy yourself so I would recommend spending your evening somewhere else.
3	I'm a bit ambivalent about this restaurant, but in the overall, it was OK.The decor was really gorgeous, but we don't eat in restaurants for this: it's the food we are after. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  The entrees and desserts were amazing, but my main course, tartar, was bland and had a boring taste.  The service was pretty cool and decent, and we were offered shooters because it was my birthday. The chef needs to upgrade his cooking skills, but since it's a recent place that opened two months ago, I'm ready to retest it this summer. We'll see if they upgrade or fail.
5	Super cool new spot, really loved our experience, quinoah tabbouleh and fish was amazing. Price was very reasonable.
5	Took the Burger Wagyu. Amazing.
4	Really cool interior and exterior patio. Enjoyed the food though found it pricey when compared to the quality. Staff were pleasant though not over friendly. Will be back often  if they lower their prices as it is close by for me.
4	It had been a long day, had to say goodbye to my little shih the day before after a beautiful 15 years and I was feeling very sad. My sister and wife invited me out to dinner to lift my spirits and told me Grinder was supposed to be very tasty.It's in Griffintown on Notre Dame, beautiful place with a decor that stimulates an aesthetic eye. It was very busy, pretty people, attentive, smiling staff. We were seated outside and our waitress quickly came over to say hello.The table next to us was being served and everything looked delicious, always a good sign.The menu had all sorts of tasty, appealing choices, now I'm always an indecisive type and was trying to narrow it down between the tandoori halibut served with a tabouli couscous with cherry tomatoes and the lamb with eggplant and salsa verde.All dishes come with your choice of sides, fries and mayo, heavenly mashed potatoes with cream and sharp cheddar and some green veggies.I decided on the lamb rump with salsa verde and the mashed potatoes, my sister had the tandoori halibut and her other half had the steak with chimchuri.We decided to get some sangria to start and to toast the passing if my little furry beauty...There were 2 different kinds of sangria, we chose the one with rose wine, spiced rum, cassis, mint and mixed berries.Our sangria quickly arrived, it was more of a cocktail then a sangria, first taste, bitter and very alcoholic taste. I like my sangria light and fruity tasting. This one was all cassis flavor.  Our waitress brought us some 7up to tone it down but we didn't end up drinking it.Our meals soon arrived, my lamb was tender and good but the highlights were definitely the halibut tandoori and chimchuri beef.Both were flavorful and perfectly cooked. My mashed potatoes were creamy, cheesy and decadent. The fries crispy and delicious so was the homemade mayo.Our waitress was sweet and took our drinks off the bill without us asking.All in all, I would come back. The food was tasty, nice presentation, filling portion size and a nice atmosphere. If you like to hear yourselves talk you should avoid Saturday night but it's a lively place and worth checking out!
3	So yes, as my companion and previous reviews suggested, the raw bar here did not disappoint. I remain confused about this place. Packed with reservations from 6-9 we had a meeting with a staff member so they fit us in and we got to watch the place fill up with business men and women with their day to evening outfits. Sexy crowd if you're into that scene and the layout is well setup for the all important sight lines.The gal at the bar was friendly, laid back and really professional (plus the patience of a saint when it came to helping out the solo guy next to me who wanted her thoughts on every wine on the list.) To be fair the list was extensive and had lots I'd like to try.The oysters were perfectly prepared, and perfectly fresh. I could have eaten a second dozen all on my own, but propriety and the budget prevailed.. This time..
5	Trendy, charming & delicious... Grinder is the new hot spot in Montreal. We sat on the garden terrace on a warm summer night, and I was transported... With its European feel, I was surrounded by gorgeously lit trees and beautiful people. My hanger steak was perfectly cooked and topped with a Chimichurri sauce...unique! My fries were thin and perfectly crispy. This place is perfect for groups, or a hot date, or just for a drink and people watching. The music was perfect. After a couple of chilled white wines, you're not sure you want to leave...
3	As the other reviews suggest, the Grinder is indeed a beautiful place. The decor is amazing and the ambiance is really nice. You want to go there with your friends or a group, it's definitely not the place to host a business dinner to have a first date as it is extremely loud and crowded. The restaurant was jam-packed and it was almost impossible to have a conversation. The other downside is that the service was really slow (understandable as it was a saturday night and the place was full). The tartare was ok but not as cold as you would like a tartare to be, the veal was good but I've had better. The Grinder is the place you go to enjoy a nice setting with your friends and a beautiful crowd but not specifically for the food.
1	After arriving at the nicely decorated and boisterous room I was asked what I wanted to drink. I picked regular water and received a small glass of lukewarm water no ice though I noticed bottled water was nicely chilled. Hmm not a good sign but I persevered. Had a rather dreary and greasy burger which I could not finish, then paid the $25 tab vowing never to return. A very discouraging experience.
4	I thought the ambience,  food and service were very good. I'd recommend this place to my friends.
1	When you are ready to dish out $400 or more for dinner, you don't want to be told when to eat (7pm sharp ) and when you need to leave (9pm)If you are ready to put up with that..then you found the right place. Otherwise find yourself another restaurant that won't be having you look at your watch while you eat. Arrogance is not on my menu.
5	Best restaurant in Montreal! A must for people who've never been! Try the tuna carpaccio, scallops tatakis or salmon tuna!
3	Great architecture and trendy ambiance. Fresh oysters served with vinegar were tasteful. When it arrived, the braised lamb shank was cold. Miso cod, which came half floating in an asian soup was good. They offer an exhaustive wine list which is interesting. I had a delicious IP (private importation) white Marsannay. Service and food were in general good, not the best though.Maybe a bit overrated?I'd say 3 1/2 stars.
2	Poor experience and terrible service. Waiter was rude and gave extremely lackluster service. They a get two stars bcs the music was good.
4	Beautiful restaurant.  We really had great service.  They had a new menu so our watress couldn't answer my questions so she took the initiative to ask the kitchen and came back with all the answers.I ate 2 appeteizers: salmon gravlax which was amazing and the beef carpaccio which was very bland.Like most people, I would give it a 3.5
1	I had probably one of the worst experiences at a restaurant ever tonight here. We had come for my mom's birthday; she wanted to take the whole family here because she usually comes for lunch and said it was one of her favourite restaurants in the city. I could already tell when they were seating us that we were pegged as people who don't matter since a family of four didn't match their "scene." The food took nearly an hour and a half to get to our table and when we asked why, the waiter fed us some excuse that the kitchen didn't have enough room on the grills for our food. I would assume that a restaurant of that size would have enough room on a grill for more than one meal at a time. Most likely, if they had to choose which table got their food first between us and a "hipper" table, they would go with the latter. Already frustrated, we ate quickly, skipped dessert and asked for the bill. It took us another twenty minutes to pay. You would think after the experience, they would take our credit card as soon as possible. The waiter's answer for that one was that it wasn't his job...Finally, on a side note, valet parking involves getting us our car: not greedily taking our money and pointing us in the direction of the car parked down the road.It's too bad that my mom's favourite restaurant is one she will not be returning to anymore.
3	Food was fabulous! The service was less than for sure. As a recommendation from our hotel, we choose here to dine on our last evening; on the whole Montreal has been beyond amazing - this restaurant minus our server was fantastic. Time to change staff.
4	amazing ambience, we had a great time, the DJ and music was fabulous and the people well are dressed nicely. Its a place youd wanna go on saturday night and hangout for drinks and food. The only issue is there is not a lot of choices on the menu for someone who is not a meat lover. Also not everyhting on their menu was good. Ive had some really good stuff and some others that were not good at all.The service was nice too and the valet parking was very good to have, though we did wait a while to get the car in the end so i prefer to find parking and have my car handy when i leave.
4	This restaurant is both fun and delicious.  The architecture is beautiful and we liked everything we ordered.  We had oysters, tartare (beef, salmon and tuna), beef carpaccio, and scallop tadakis. Cocktails were yummy and they have a variety of wines to choose from.  This place is on the pricey side, but I would recommend.
4	I did not expect to like the place but I was quite surprised when I visited for a friend's event. The service was very efficient and energetic (except maybe the reception at the door which was a snooty and over the top, just ignore and have a good time - that was my reaction). Advice was volunteered by the waiting staff and very rich. The person who took care of us did his best to make everyone feel comfortable and succeeded. He certainly gave this restaurant a better image. The food was rich. Perhaps a little uneven however. The tartare was delicious and the squid was a little salty. I didn't have a main course but the wine selection was good and there are reasonably priced choices. The ambiance is loud and happy, especially on weekends. Perhaps not the best place for a quiet date (maybe visit on a Monday or Tuesday for that). It's certainly the kind of place you visit to have a memorable night out on the town before dancing of after a show.
5	One of the best steaks I've had while. It was perfectly cooked, tasted just right. The mashed potatoes are also insane! Yes it's pricey, yes it's loud but the food is so good. My husband and I sat alone and enjoyed every minute!
5	Ambience and the food are great. The concept of valet parking in Montreal seemed a bit odd, given the location and often ease of finding parking nearby BUT still appreciated. Our waiter was very cordial and pleasant. The food was top notch. The place was a bit loud, and slightly over priced. However, I wouldn't rule it out for celebrations.
