5	Is there anything not to like about Mexico City?  The mom & pop feel of the place, the soft yet substantial tortillas, the incomparable selection of delicious fillings, fresh chips, and some of the best guacamole in Pittsburgh.  Heck, their beans are good, too.Everything on the menu, which has enough of a selection, as long as you're a fan of Mexican food, sounds inviting and tastes great.  While I haven't had a chance to try everything yet (and that might take me a while), the giddy anticipation of placing an order is always met and satisfied when I take my first bite of south-of-the-border delectitude.The meals are quick, filling, and very affordable, making Mexico City a little oasis of flavor in downtown Pittsburgh.  Seriously, check this place out.
5	The best mexican restaurants are the ones where even after going through a whole basket of chips and salsa you still find room for your entree because it's that good.  Let's just say that I'm glad that my office is about 6 blocks away because I needed to walk off not only the chips and salsa, but also the very tasty enchiladas verdes.
4	You know, with the recent rash of wannabe Mexican restuarants out there (i.e. Qudoba, Baja Fresh, and the rest of the horrid pack...yes Taco Bell, this means you), it's great to walk into a place that feels truly authentic. A place where 3 generations of people from, you guessed it, Mexico(!) working to keep this place running. There is something warm and fuzzy about everyone screaming at each other in Spanish.All that aside, the food. Let's say you were actually in Mexico and you were looking for a quick bite to eat. And you wanted something that Mexicans actually eat. Here at Mexico City, that's what you get. Real salsa made from scratch, real chorizo (Mexican sausage), real mole sauce. I mean, this place is the real deal. Cheap too. $5 for two tacos that will almost certainly fill you up.You're probably not going to go here for a night out on the town, but maybe to prepare for a night out on the town. And I asked, they are BYOB which is always a plus in my book.
5	Mexico City is located on smithfield by the bridge and is without a doubt the best authentic mexican I have had in Pittsburgh. The staff is great, very friendly. The tacos are awesome...I think the homemade corn tortilias are the reason they are so good. I felt like I was back in sayulita, nayurit!! All the food is very fresh and flavorful. Enjoy because this is as close as you can get to the real deal!!
5	Finally!!!!! A REALLY good authentic mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh. I have waited years for this one.
5	Excellent, low key Mexican food. Great for a casual lunch. The staff is friendly and very attentive...No alcohol served, they don't have a liquor license
3	Mexican food.  Authentic mexican food, not tex-mex, cal-mex, or Taco Bell.Everything is always very fresh, and for lunch, it's hard to beat.  They've just moved two doors down, to a much larger location, and I'm interested to see how they do with the additional space.
4	The previous reviews gave me high expectations and after my first visit, I was very pleased.  If I could, I would give the food 4 stars and the service 2.5.  They were probably short staffed during the lunch rush, and being by myself I was overlooked a number of times (I hate flagging down the server) and probably spent 10-15 minutes longer in the restaurant than if the server had been semi-attentive.  Don't get me wrong, they were trying hard (running down the aisles)... just hire another couple people.The tacos were delicious, and while simple, struck me as "fresh" and full of flavor.  I had the "combo" and ordered two Chicken Mole and two Chorizo.  The chorizo was the highlight with guacamole and spicy fresh salsa.  The chicken was well grilled but I didn't get the kick I wanted from the mole.  It wouldn't take much for me to give them 5 stars on the food, just a finishing touch like a little bit of cilantro here and there.  Maybe I just need to know what to order.
3	After spending the summer in Mexico City (the actual city not the restaurant) I was craving real Mexican food and after reading all these reviews couldn't wait to go here. Unfortunately I was a bit disappointed.Pros: VERY fresh foods. The tortilla chips come straight from the fryer still hot and if you get the guacamole (which i highly recommend!) the waiter comes and grinds all the ingredients in front of you in a stone mill. Delicious!Cons: the main course was mediocre. Perhaps I'm spoiled after having such incredible mexican food, but the tacos fell short of my expectations. I ordered the taco combo (barbacoa and al pastor) and got food that was on the blander side... I guess more authentic than any other place I've been in Pittsburgh but surely not impressive.
4	You'd never know it from the restaurant's exterior, but Mexico City is a great spot for authentic Mexican food in the heart of downtown Pittsburgh. Bustling at lunch, but service is speedy and prices are cheap. The flavors of the food, particularly the guacamole, spice up even the most boring routine.
5	I have lived in the city of Pittsburgh for over 2 years now and have been on the search for the best AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurant... I FINALLY FOUND IT! This place has AMAZING dishes... I highly recommend the Super Burrito and the Old Mexico Enchilladas! Amazing! You MUST order the tableside guacamole... IT doesn't get any better! I love guac... and it is the BEST I have ever had... The prices are reasonable... Only downfalls are the lack of a liquor license... And the service could be a little better! But other than that... It's a MUST TRY!
4	Good Mexican (for Pittsburgh....we all know that this is a major weak spot for the Steel City). The guacamole is delicious- made tableside to your specifications- ask for extra cilantro and salt! I'm not a big fan of the chicken they use (the seasoning is a bit weird), but overall this place is decent.
4	it's the best mexican i've had in the area.  mad mex can't touch this place when it comes to the food...unfortunately, there is no liquor served here.  even beer would be nice.....thing is....the place has the best tacos around.  the rice has the spice it should at a mexican joint.  they do serve a complimentary chips and salsa basket.  they will not refill FOC on those chips though...bottom line- if you want the real deal cooked fresh to order, come here.  please note- the decor is nothing to write home about....
5	I've never had a bad experience there. I love the Mexico City burrito -- their chorizo is fantastic. The service has been a bit slow at times when they are very busy, but even in those situations, the food comes out pretty quickly. The fresh guacamole is also FANTASTIC and made right at your table. Highly recommended.
4	I love this place. The food is fresh, tasty, and looks beautiful too. The staff are awesome, and it's a great place to eat and not break the bank. One of my favorite places to find Mexican food.
5	Great mexican food for a great price!  Great for a casual meal.  The staff was very friendly.  The only downfall of this place is that they don't serve alcohol, however, they have a sister restaurant close by that does.
5	Best mexican food in Pittsburgh. Hands down. Reasonably priced, and friendly service. Everything I have eaten here has been a pleasant experience, and I have yet to have a bad experience. Should change the name to Taco Heaven.
2	Maybe this was a case of higher expectations after being told this was the greatest Tex-Mex in Pittsburgh, but it's not Tex-Mex - more like central Mexico than the border area.   I went off menu, because I love pork carnitas.  They were stewed.  I didn't expect that.  Plus they tasted like canned tuna drenched in lime.  Very odd.
4	Have you tried the tacos guisado al pastore?!  Or the green chile beef enchiladas?!  The tableside-made guac?!  Friendly, efficient service, authentic south-of-the-border food, cheap prices....THE place to go for one of the best lunches in downtown Pittsburgh.  I should know, our group seems to head there at least once a week!  Nummers, folks.  Oh, and if you want a margarita with that taco, head to their Wood Street location....alcohol there.
4	The dinner crowd was very sparse but I'm glad I tried this place. We enjoyed the chips and salsa very much, and we found both the green and red enchiladas to be good. The rice and beans were also very tasty. I would have appreciated a beer with my food, but I was happy with the price and quality.The portions were also good. We ate every bite of our enchiladas but didn't leave feeling hungry. This was a very different experience from chain Mexican restaurants and I will certainly be returning.
3	They put cilantro in literally everything.  Not a big deal for me... but my better half HATES cilantro.  The food is good.  The guac is made to order at your table (they still do that right?).  Reasonably priced. Service is always good.
5	Coming from Southern CA, I am a HUGE fan of Mexican food, but I have so much good food in my life I am also very picky.  I had just started to believe there was no such thing as good Mexican food in Pittsburgh when I discovered this restaurant (the new one in the South Side).  While the atmosphere was weak, the food was so good it completely made me forget everything else.  I ate every morsel of my meal and couldn't stop even after I was stuffed to the brim.Incredible, I will be back.
4	Edit: This place is NOT closed, I just went there for tacos, it is alive and well. The tacos aren't as good as I remember, probably because I've had amazing ones since, but at least you can get them pretty authentic. They don't compare to Las Palmas in South Pittsburgh but they're still good and the service very friendly.It's several thousand miles north of where it should be (D.F.), but it's absolutely delicious Mexican fare. However, what's not fare is, I heard it has closed down :(Excellent taco, a little different from what I am used to, but delicious nonetheless, makes me long for my homeland, El Mexico! Oh wait. I have never even been there. And am not Mexican. But hey! Who's counting! I'll have to try it again when I go back to Pitt, but please, PA, keep this place open... we are starved of authentic Mexican food in these parts and it is your duty as good citizens. 5/5Dustin, five years ago, said this, and it bears repeating, so I will copy and paste from the review below me:"You know, with the recent rash of wannabe Mexican restuarants out there (i.e. Qudoba, Baja Fresh, and the rest of the horrid pack...yes Taco Bell, this means you), it's great to walk into a place that feels truly authentic. A place where 3 generations of people from, you guessed it, Mexico(!) working to keep this place running. There is something warm and fuzzy about everyone screaming at each other in Spanish."Wise words, Dustin. Wise words.
3	Like others have said, the guacamole, prepared on the table, is very good.  The tortilla soup is also very good, but the portion is small - just a little over 1 cup in a bowl of soup.  I still think the place is pricey.  Those two small items with an iced tea ran me $11.
4	Good food and good Salsa. Will be back.
3	Stopped in for a quick drink and take out burrito.I received a big rice bean and veggie burrito with complimentary guacamole and chips and a beer for $11 with tip. Food was pretty good, cheap, and quick.Better than a chain but not as good as Philly taquerias.
1	They washed the floors while we were eating.We stopped here at 7 on a Saturday night. I was not impressed. Their chips and salsa were some of the worst that I have ever tasted. Their burrito was average. The worst thing was as we were finishing our meal, someone came and mopped the floor next to us. This was not a spill but the nightly cleaning. The smell of Lysol was a little overpowering. I am all for cleanliness, but do it after you are closed, not while people are eating. Since we were almost finished, we left what we had remaining on our plates, paid the check and left.
4	I am from Chicago and my wife and I had terrific authentic Mexican food there.  This restaurant is as close as we've found to that experience in this area.   I ordered 2 tacos and a side of beans.  While we waited we really enjoyed the salsa and chips.  The salsa was really nice with notes of oregano and the perfect spice level.My tacos were very nicely prepared.  The corn tortillas were very good.  I had the barbacoa and the chicken mole tacos.  The mole was very good and the chicken was perfect.  Both tacos had a large quantity of rice, very spicy rice.  It's the first time I have experienced this and would have to ask them not to do it next time.  It tasted of cayenne and really overpowered the barbacoa taco entirely.  The mole should have come with onions instead in my opinion.  Both were very tasty and I really liked them, nonetheless.  I ordered a side of beans and they were terrific. I will definitely go back and try some other dishes on their menu.  The staff is friendly and service is very good.  I liked the authentic Mexico City vibe of their place as well.
4	I've spent some time in Mexico City and enjoyed tacos there...these definitely rate, although I'm not sure whose idea it was to put the rice right in the tacos. I will ask for my tacos without it next time, as I found it just too weird. The chicken was well spiced and perfectly cooked, and the tortillas had that nice corn flavor I like. The Mexicans I know, both in Mexico and Chicago, top their tacos with chopped raw onion, jalapenos and cilantro, and I've yet to see that here in Pittsburgh, so I found myself missing that trio, but good flavors overall and thoughtful preparation will keep me coming back here. I also had the tortilla soup and it was delicious...the most Mexican thing I've eaten since moving here, authentically flavored with achiote, which also gives it a lovely orangey-red color. Finally, some Mexican food in the 'burgh I can get behind.
4	Wow! Blown away. Dined here with a dear friend from Argentina, who deemed this place one of the most authentic in the 'burgh, and I concur. With mad high fives.This place is Mexican, versus the Tex Mex that you find more frequently. I ordered the tortilla soup with extra avocado and OH my! The broth was the perfect balance of spice, thick with flavor. The tortilla strips where homemade and slightly crunchy. The portion size was just right, although I could have licked the bowl clean if I'd been in the privacy of my home. The decor is nothing fancy, but modest with authentic Mexican flags, paintings and photographs (there is a super rad painting of Zapata right as you walk in that I wanted to make off with!)Four stars for the lack of fish that day- they were all out, per the waitress. Parking is kinda rough as well, but do yourself a favor and pay the $10 to park in the Macy's lot. It's worth it!!!
1	If this is the best Mexican in Pittsburgh, go to an Italian place. I've eaten food from all over Mexico. There is almost nothing similar to real Mexican Food. Not only is this place "Americanized" Mexican food, it's also "Pittburghed" meaning very bland for those who like real Southern or Mexican food.
4	My only sorrow is that this resturant is at the polar opposite of where I work downtown.With that being said when I do manage to eat at Mexico City it's always a treat. Everything comes to the table Hot Hot Hot. The shrimp diablos is so good, I have never had a dish like it at any other place. The shrimp are large and the sauce is dark red and smokey.  This is one of my favorite resturants and they give a student discount that my friends is a double win.
