3	I find it weird that 4 of my co-workers from Taiwan wanted me to take them to a Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. I mean, they just got here and they want to have Chinese food? Haven't they had enough of that in Taiwan?Nonetheless, I drove them to Chinatown and decided to try this place. The next day at the convention center, we were all in the meeting room when one of them asked me "Do you have diarrhea?"Did he just ask me if I have diarrhea? I told him no. Then, another of my co-worker confirmed that he, too, has diarrhea. Great, a company meeting on diaarhea. Apparently,  everyone in the room had it, except me. One by one, they asked me if I ate this or that dish...Co-worker 1: Did you have the spicy beef with chili peppers?Me: Yes, it was good, spicy but good.Co-worker 2: How about the sweet and sour fish?Me:  Ah, I had it. It was pretty tasty and tangy.Co-worker 3: Maybe it was the hot and sour soup.Me: No, I had that one, too. A bit sour but still has that nice kick.Co-worker 4: Ah, it must be the jellyfish.Me: That, for me, was the best dish.Finally, the President then said:  Well, then it must be the sea cucumber.Me: Oh, that slimy, alien-looking thing? I'm Asian but I'm not that Asian.Moral of the story: Not everything that moves is good to eat.  Minus two stars.
4	A really good option for when you need to get away from the Strip.  Located in one of the massive Chinatown strip malls, - parking is a pain.As one would expect from the name, good fish and shrimp dishes. I believe Capital Seafood is part of a LA based chain.Great lunch bargains available - our group of five adults got full for less than 80 bucks!
3	When my dad is in town, I'm bound to find myself at some Chinese restaurant at some point.  Which is what brought me to Capital Seafood over in Chinatown.Located on the second floor, it's connected to Pho Vietnam, so basically the kitchen is spitting out traditional pho dishes alongside typical Chinese dishes.They do offer a great deal of lunch specials, but we ended up ordering the entree portions for our party of three.  We went for the Vegetarian Chow Mein, Hong Kong-style ($8.50) and the Beef Chow Fun ($8.50).They start you off with complimentary sweet and sour soup.  It was pretty salty, not something I would order on my own.The entree dishes were pretty decent size (check out the pics), but I could have used more veggies in the chow mein order. They also gave us complimentary dessert - a hot sweet soup with tapioca balls and jelly.  Service was just okay.  From where they sat us, they couldn't see us and we couldn't see them.  We had to get out of our seats to ask for water, hot sauce, etc.  That was more of a pain than anything.Overall, it was an average experience.  I'm not sure how their other foods were like, but we ate it all up!
2	I have been coming here for the past 3 years.  Each time I am in Vegas, I go to Chinatown and have a little Pho mixed with Chinese.  My last visit was ackward at best.I was in town during the National Rodeo Finals, 12/8-12/14.  Due to the economy, Vegas has become quite dead.  The same goes for Chinatown.I don't understand why the restaurant has a Vietnamese side and a Chinese side when you are mostly seated on the Vietnamese side.  We ordered 3 bowls of Pho and they arrived luke warm.  Who wants luke warm Pho anyway?To top it off, our lettuce came with a big clump of dirt.  We ordered some eggrolls and the lettuce that came with that also had a big clump of dirt.  We brought it to the attention of the Manager (whom we always had good rapport with).  He took the lettuce off our table and came back 10 minutes later with the same lettuce rinsed under the sink.  At this point we were done eating.We told him to save it and he mumbled something and walked away.  I guess there must be customers coming out the wazoo for this unexpected rude service.  I wonder why the "A" is on the window?To make matters worse, one of the waitresses was cleaning up the table next to us and said in Chinese that the people were cheap and didn't leave a tip.I give the food here 3 stars.  I give the service here no stars.  I guess TIPS (TO INSURE PROPER SERVICE) have become an expected item these days.  If the service is good, I leave a decent tip.  If not, it's my last visit.
4	The owner is very friendly, food is fast, service is good, my favorite dish is string bean with garlic sauce, it is so good!  The lobster is one of my fav as well.
2	I love Capital Seafood in Southern California, but this one is booty!I am not your regular Sweet & Sour Pork & Honey Walnut Shrimp whiteboy, so please know that I KNEW what I was in for as my usual order includes House Special Fried Squid, Salt & Pepper Pork Chop, French Style Beefsteak, Eggplant & Shredded Pork, Baby Bok Choy in Garlic Sauce, Pan-Fried Crispy Noodle with Seafood Gravy, etc...The LV Capital Seafood  is BIZZARE.  You walk in and they as you "You want Chinese or Vietnamese food?"   This restaurant is split in half and is actually a Pho restaurant on the left and Chinese food on the right.  I'm so familiar with Capital Seafood in Southern California that I of course chose Chinese and ordered without ever looking at the menu.  My homesick stomach was craving the house special squid so I ordered the usual feast along with a few Tsingtaos...Although the menu was the same, the quality of the food and the service weren't.  Not only was the squid tough, but most of the food arrived to the table cold (luke warm at best)...Even the tapioca dessert was blah...Bu Hau...
4	Not too bad Khmer/Chinese/Thai/Viet food here. Good fish, shrimp and seafood dishes here. I believe this is part of the California chain. The service is just like any other Chinese restaurant- just ok. Parking can be a bitch sometimes, but what do you expect; it's right in the heart of Chinatown.
3	im a big fan of Capital Seafood in so cal, Garden Grove tops them off, In my opinion, the one in Vegas is a bit more pricey then their California counter parts, and not to mention a tad less professional. " due to a father son feud that happened when my family tried this establishment. As for their food, there is nothing special about capital seafood Vegas.
3	Was wondering Chinatown in Las Vegas and stumbled upon this place. The place was packed with both locals and tourist. The wait to be seated wasn't very long and the staff quickly took our orders. Me and my wife tried the clams with black bean sauce and the seafood claypot. Both were pretty decent, but most of the meat in the claypot was fake seafood (ie fake crab meat, fish paste). Overall the service was friendly and the food OK.
4	My family and I have been coming to this restaurant for years. We stop by at least once every time we go to Vegas (and we've been going to Vegas since I was little and we go to Vegas a lot). It's a good place to go if you're tired of Strip food and buffets.My recommendation: Salt and pepper lobster. The only downside is.. they bring the live lobster out for you to inspect, and I always feel guilty and sad about eating it :(I've had their pho, too. Nothing memorable, but still good when you want authentic soup-y food, especially if you're nursing a hangover.
5	I absolutely ADORE this place. I get the Pho Tai on a regular basis and it's always excellent. The hot and sour fish, described below, is also fantastic. Don't miss the fried egg rolls (from the Vietnamese menu). I've tried more dishes here than I can remember, and have always been pleased with what I ordered. The vegetables are always crisp and fresh, the seafood super fresh! This is the only place I'll eat shrimp. Great clams, too!! One of the things I like best about this restaurant, though, is the service. Not only is it fast, thorough, and friendly, but unlike some other restaurants in Chinatown here, the waitstaff is always willing to help me find some new menu items to try. They could care less than I'm American--they take pride in their food and enjoy introducing customers to new dishes.I have a very limited budget, but whenever I eat out, this is my first choice. It is so reasonably priced, that I can get there without sacrificing in other areas of my life.
4	As other reviews mention, this Capital Seafood is split in half.  The left side is Vietnamese food and the right side is Chinese.  I've eaten at both.  I like their pho.  The broth is flavorful and they toss in crispy fried onions on top.  It's good and they put a lot of white meat in their chicken pho.  And the Chinese food on the right is the same I've come to expect from the Capital Seafood locations in So Cal, even though other reviewers say otherwise.  I think it's exactly the same.  The food is really good, although greasy but Chinese food usually is greasy anyway.  I like house special fried rice, garlic eggplant and house-special chicken.  Both restaurants are clean and spacious and the service is pretty standard for an Asian place.
4	My family and I have been going to this place for many years now. It is just one of those places that we go to when we want good Chinese food and my parents do not feel like cooking. I grew up in a house where my dad is a chef varied in many styles of cooking and my mom is magic in the kitchen and this place has only disappointed us once.The manager and staff are all friendly and efficient. We usually go around lunch time to late afternoon because they run specials which will save you quite a bit. The meal usually begins with hot and sour soup. It is nothing special, but it is a nice start to the meal.The usual order consists of one fried fish in a sweet and sour Vietnamese style fish sauce with onions and sliced fresh peppers. This is always a family favorite and the small bones around the outside of the fish are edible, just think of them as another source of calcium. Just be careful, I don't want you to think that all of the bones can be eaten, the large ones should be thrown aside. The kung pao tofu is another staple of our visit because the tofu is cubed and fried until crispy on the outside and still soft and most on the inside. It is then sauteed in a sauce with peanuts, dried red chilies, and green onions. This is my favorite dish. The seafood hotpot is layered with napa cabbage on the bottom that soaks up all the flavors of everything within. There is a imitation crab and fish cakes, but there are also nice chunks of white fish, shrimp, mushrooms, and other assorted ingredients that escape me right now. They have a delicious sweet and sour pork chops dish that is served with sauteed onions that is wonderful. The sauce is not overwhelmingly sweet and a bit more on the tangy side, an aspect that I enjoy immensely.We also get a vegetable dish that resembles alfalfa sprouts that is sauteed with garlic. I forget what it is called, but it is delicious. At the end, the wait staff will bring out a small bowl of sweet dessert soup. It is not very sweet and that is a good thing after eating so much greasy food. Just remember to go there for lunch and you will be pleased with how much you are paying for a generous portion. I am not a fan of quantity over quality, and this place proves that you can have both. We pay somewhere around 35 for a large feast that you still have leftovers.
3	We ended up in Captial Seafood Restaurant as we were looking for Pho Vietnam. It's crazy confusing as both signs are lit up all big above this restaurant area. Once in the door they have a stack of menus for both restaurants. They then ask you which one you want. We looked around and everyone was eating Seafood, so we punted and went with the Seafood. Everyone around us were locals. The prices were great and the food was pretty good. Actually two of the dishes we had were great: bok choy with mushrooms and salt & pepper squid. Both cooked perfectly - not overcooked and really flavorful. We also got the crab appetizer - which was a special. That dish was so bad that neither of us could eat it. It was cooked so long that you could even bite all the way through the pieces. And it had a sauce that was totally funky.All together though - for the prices and the majority of great food AND the amount of locals that were obviously enjoying themselves and had spreads on their table that looked delicious: we would come back for sure.
3	Went here on a Friday night and it was completely dead. We were given two menus, one for the Chinese food and one for the Vietnamese food. We ordered a bunch of dishes to eat family style that included clam with black bean sauce, duck, fish filet, seafood hotpot and a soup with burnt rice. I highly recommend not ordering any dish with shrimp, It was very bad quality.
5	You know that one place that always reminds you of childhood at its best? This would be that place. My fondest childhood memories would be family dinners here or the occasional lunch with just my dad. The staff? They definitely help perpetuate the memories, always commenting on how much I've grown or where my brother is. They are the friendliest and always have been very efficient in service. The food? My favorites, from childhood to now, have always been the Seafood Chow-fun with gravy, which overflows with various sea creatures in a sauce of deliciousness. I could take out a whole plate if it wasn't for the now-present reality of a slowed metabolism as well as my father competing for some of the yumminess too. Other goodies are the Salt and Pepper Squid, fried to perfection without the unnecessarily frills of sauces. Kung Pao Tofu, Sweet and Sour Vietnamese style fish (fried up then doused in sweet & sour sauce), and the Seafood Hot Pot. All equally delicious and all my favorites.The best part? Lunch that could feed at least eight of us always ends up being no more than forty bucks or so. The lunch specials are where it's at, and for this, I am immensely grateful. There will always been a soft spot in my heart for Capitol Seafood, it's the place of my childhood.
4	Lunch specials all the way. I forget when the lunch hour finishes, but I have gotten here around three and was still able to order off the specials menu. This is always the go to spot when I want to treat my parents to a meal. It is only becoming more difficult to convince them to go out with the economy, but with the mere mention of Capital they are getting ready. It has a lot to do with the prices, quality, and service.The prices are cheap for the amount that you get. I am not a fan of getting a large plate of substandard and Capital Seafood does not make me feel like I am lowering my expectations.The whole fried fish in sweet and sour sauce ($7.95) comes out so crisp that you can eat the bones around the edge. An order of kung pao tofu ($5.95) comes out looking like the Great Pyramids topped with whole chilies, peanuts, and chunks of scallions. My sister's favorite seafood chow fun in gravy ($7.95) is always hot and filled with gai lan and a variety of shrimp, fish cakes, imitation crab (only bummer), squid, and fish fillets. The Peking pork chops (6.95) are massive and plenty. I wish they were more crisp. The fried battering gets soft quicker than the ones at other restaurants. The bonus of being connected to the Vietnamese restaurant is that I can order a che ba mau. They make my favorite version in Vegas. I recently had a bad experience with this dessert at a different place, but Capital restored my faith. In the end, my mom and I packed up the leftovers and had enough food for the rest of the day.
4	This is a great place to go if you wanna get away from overpriced strip food for some cheap Chinese food. My Favs areHouse special fried fish French style filet mignonBeef with Chinese brocolliSalt pepper fried pork chopFried squid.
4	This restaurant is a good choice if you do not want to spend lots of money in one meals.The restaurant have good selections for lunch special as well as a la carte menu.I do not like to order Mongolian beef,sweet and sour pork,wonton soup or egg drop soup or the like.I ordered seafood sizzling rice soup,salted and pepper fish fillet,whole fish with spicy and sour sauce.And every time I order the restaurant hardly let me down since the food come out quick and yummy.The restaurant is divided into two section:Chinese and Vietnamese,so it is good if you Chinese and Vietnamese at the same time,lol.I have tried both the Chinese and Vietnamese dishes from this restaurant,I  would say I prefer the Chinese to Vietnamese.The Chinese dishes here remind me of the dishes that I eat when I was young.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who like delicious Chinese food but with a bargain.
4	This place has some pretty awesome lunch specials!My brother took me here for lunch during the Summer and I've been back about four times since. We always order the Whole Fried Fish ($7.95), Mongolian Beef, Hong-Kong style Chow Mein, and these pork chops (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/IO2wXsq9Ow84v5sCoKL6hg/l.jpg). I can't remember the name of them, but they are marinated in a very flavorful sauce. They remind me of the Baked Pork Chops w/ Chef Sauce that I always get at Diamond Chinese. The Whole Fried Fish is probably my favorite dish and I'm not usually a fan of whole fish plates. It is so crisp (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/FBe7D8SCuntd9ZNJHPyYiw/l.jpg) and it comes with two different sauces. One is sweet n sour and the other one, I have no idea what it is, but it's my favorite of the two. Whenever it comes out to the table, everyone just rips it apart and devours it. The food has always come out to our table very fast and they never forget to refill our water. The only thing that takes a while is when we're ready for the bill and for our change. We always have to flag someone down to bring us the bill, then they take forever to pick it up. That isn't too big of a problem though, since I always eat so much that I don't even want to get up from my chair.
4	price and taste is perfect for my wallet and stomach!! love it!
3	Affordable Vietnamese and Chinese cuisine with excellent service and decent venue. I ordered one of their "tiny stick noodle" with pork dishes = $6.75 and was very filling. The pork was good quality and not full of fatty tendon or anything.
1	Horrible from the moment we arrived. We were sat away from the area were Asians ate at a Formica table with no table cloth or silverware!I ordered sizzling sea food which had 5 shrimps and the rest was mystery fish. my husband ordered crispy  duck which was so old and dried out that it was impossible to bite thru! He asked to have it replaced by cashew chicken. After an argument it came burnt!They then tried to bill us for all three meals.
4	I haven't been to China Town here in Vegas in ages but every Friday my friends and I have made a point to get together for "family" dinners. A bunch of misfits gathered around a dinner table weekly making an effort to staying connected; it's great!Capital Seafood was suggested as one of our venue's to host our weekly activity. This fine ethnic establishment fit all of the requests, cost, menu items, and round tables.  (Long rectangular tables or split seating in general makes for awkward dinner conversations where everyone is just not able to get involved.)The hostess and staff were friendly and polite, attentive and our drinks were never less than half full (woo hoo!).  For the first hour (even on a Friday night) our party was the only table in the house, hence the stellar attentiveness from the staff.  But the restaurant filled up shortly there after.  Hot tea to start passed along the lazy susan (love those!), won ton soup was delicious and the egg rolls though nothing overly special were tasty.I can't recall all of the menu items we ordered but everything I tried was fresh, hot and delicious.  Bonus was the lack of sticker shock when the bill arrived! We only had 5 people in our party this week but appetizers, entrees, soups, all came to a reasonable $115! Impressive.My only gripe is that of most ethnic restaurants (sometimes), the smell. I get it, the place is called "Capital SEAFOOD" and such but boy o boy I was ready to jam out of there as hour 3 of family dinner took effect. Fishy, greasy, I don't know but it was making me queasy, ha.All in all I would grace CS with my presence again and indulge my friends in sharing the experience with me.Good food, reasonably priced, and friendly staff it's a lot to ask for these days but Capital Seafood did  a great job.
4	Perfect spot for a quick and inexpensive lunch - I'm officially adding it to my lunch arsenal.  I went with the green beans w/ extra xo sauce, french style meat and beef chow fun.. also had the thai iced coffee (still jittering from the caffeine) and threw in the salt & pepper tofu as a last minute add, but it was kinda lacking for me.  Definitely could have done without it.  Fyi - take the stairs... the shoddy elevator had a mysterious liquid lining the walls and the ride was a little scurrrry...
4	We were looking for a decent chinese seafood restaurant and decided on this place.  The food is good, we were wary at first because it's a combined Vietnamese and Chinese restaurant.  Not that that's bad, but sometimes restaurants that try to do too much can suffer from an identity crisis.  At any rate, we saw that it had only 3 stars on Yelp but mostly due to service so we thought we'd give a try.Upon entering we were immediately seated and ordered about 4 dishes for 3 of us.  We had their house special crab, french beef cubes, kung pao shrimp, and green bean dish.  It was very good, and we were full. No complaints, tasted like chinese food should. Service was really good too, so maybe it only suffers when it's really busy.  The waitress always came by and filled our drinks.  The crab and beef were the big winners, the crab was fresh but messy.  They have a lunch special menu, which I'd like to try next time I come out to Vegas.
3	Your same ol chinese/vietnamese restaurant. Nothing special. Same rude service.. But always seem to come back. For cheap convinient eats.
4	Brought my parents while on a trip to see my cousin get married. We got the chow fun and it came out fast. Yum. Pea sprouts. Yum. Fish filet with veggies was a tad bit salty for me. The portions are kind of small and the prices are not cheap.
3	Hungover and wanted dim sum! It's cheap here and they have the carts that go around so it's legit. If you want chicken feet, they cook those to order...just fyi. Also, if you're planning on splitting the check 2 cards max is their policy. :) I was a little bit disappointed with their pork bao; it lacked a lil flavor but everything else was good.
3	We just wanted some noodles and I have never tried this place before, so here we are.The noodle soup we ordered had very subtle taste, almost like water down. The crab meat that makes the whole soup sounded wonderful before we ordered was imitation crab meat, and it was not even cooked with the soup. They were thrown in before serving.I ordered this noodle with grilled beef and shrimp cake on a sugarcane stick. They come with lettuce and fresh herbs for you to use as wraps, and this dish was actually not so bad.I thought this place was OK, nothing special. I don't think I'll be a regular here.
1	i don't even know how to describe how horrible this place was. was invited for a private event and left hungry because the food was pretty bad. what kind of chinese restaurant serves "oden" or should I say fish cakes? salted cucumbers? WTF? If that appetizer dish is over $12bucks, i'm expecting something more. oh and pre fried food? get out!
4	Chinese food and Pho all in the same restaurant. Great for large parties that are in need of an easy solution for a quick dinner or lunch. It always seems like we go here with a party of six plus and end up getting their family deals which cost on average of 10 dollars a head with tip. As far a chinese food goes, this place is typical, I wouldn't say it's the best, but it satisfies your craving for a popular dish like peking spear ribs.....or honey walnut prawns. The Pho isn't half bad either. So in review: quick, cheap, good for large parties. Just a little drive off the strip, but you'll be glad you made the drive.
4	Really good food. The service is ok. Affordable price. At Chinatown Plaza it's the best food. I have tried the almost every other place over there.
4	I came here with a friend last night before going to the Smith Center.  This is one of her favorite places and I really enjoyed my meal.  First, she ordered way too much food for 2 people.  We got beef chow fun, mixed vegetables with garlic, breaded salt and pepper pork chops, and a tofu hot pot.  Yikes!  The table was full and there were only two of us.The dishes were all very good.  My favorite was the hot pot.  The tofu is fried first and then put in the broth.  There were a couple of kinds of seafood in the hot pot and some chicken and pork.  There were also some beautiful mushrooms that held the heat from the burner below.  Be on guard to let the mushrooms cool a bit before eating.A couple of things regarding service.  We were seated and our server was prompt at getting our order.  Since my friend is from Taiwan, she ordered in Chinese and I'm sure that helped our service.  At the end of the meal, they brought us a complimentary warm mung bean dessert that was very tasty--not too sweet.  Our server also packaged up all the leftovers in take out boxes and I have enough in my refrigerator to feed half the Taiwanese army.  It will taste good as leftovers.One stereotype I encountered was that one of the servers placed a fork and spoon with extra napkins at my plate but not at my friends.  I wanted to jab him with my chopsticks when he next went by, but I realize he was being helpful.
4	A chinese/vietnamese restaurant.  Cheap prices and good portions. We eat here at least 4 times a month.  The Pho is good.  We typically stick to the soup, which is especially good for the Vegas hang-over.   We have a couple of favorites, but will let you decide, keep in mind that on holidays they have a limited menu when it comes to Pho soup (mostly Chinese food) .  They have large party seating, with a Lazy Susan, which allows a chance for multiple dishes and easy access with just a spin.    We live on the south end of Vegas, but have found that the drive is worth it.  Compared to a few spots that are close to home this place has delicious Pho.... Would give it a five, but the service has lacked at times, once they serve you a dish you suddenly disappear.
4	A lot of variety. Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese. Their menus are thick. Average about $5.95 - $7.95 for lunch. They like to hide their lunch menu. So you need to ask for it if they don't give it to you. Good portions for lunch specials. Free soup and dessert even for lunch. But again, sometimes you have to ask for it. In my opinion, best deals for the lunch is their pan fried fish. Credit card only over $20. But they are pretty flexible about it.
2	Had dinner with the special banquet menu. Very disappointing. Food was not good. The crispy chicken was over done so it was dry and salty. The fish was small. And most disappointingly was the food wasn't cheap.
4	Generous portion sizes, and a very friendly staff. Good selection of both Chinese and Vietnamese cuisines. Recommend the House special squid, and the fried tofu!
3	Pretty good food for Vegas Chinese food. We ordered 5 dishes to what with 4 people. A Tom Yum soup , beef and scallion, braised duck, tong xing vegetables, and house fried rice. Tom Yum is on the sweet side. Braised duck is good. Meat is flavorful. Beef and scallion is yummy really good. Fried rice is good because it is not too oily. Good service friendly and fast.
4	Came here after Mother's Korean disaster and am thrilled. Had house squid special, pea shoots and green beans. Server stopped us from ordering another entree because it would be too much food and she was right !  Delicious flavors, enough food  for 2-3 more meals and great service. We will be back with pleasure!!
5	I always come by here to get my asian quick fix every trip to Vegas! Customer service and food quality is always on point!
5	The food is great! Best place to eat Chinese food/pho in all of vegas. Great service and very good prices. I always come here to eat when I'm in Vegas!
5	THE spot for authentic Asian food! Ordered French style steak, pho tai, house style fish fillet and egg rolls. Portions were enormous (family style) and price is on the dot. Quality and quantity along with great service. make sure you stop by!!
5	Was in Vegas this past weekend and ate here two days in a row. We all know pho is the best cure for a hangover so the first day I ordered that. The broth is very rich in flavor and the bowl was a generous size. The second day I came in a big group and had a family style Chinese dinner. The portions were very big and all the dishes tasted amazing! I recommend getting the honey walnut shrimp! Both days I went we did not have to wait and we were sat immediately. Overall I give this restaurant 5 stars. Great service. Great food. Make sure you check this place out on your next trip to Vegas. You wont be disappointed!
1	Never ever coming back..  The service was horrible. They charged 15% tip for serivce and the servers do nothing. They gave us the wrong veggies to add to our broth and when I asked for a different plate they were very ignorant. Afterwards, I asked for water for our table and the server came out with half full glasses of water! And when we looked over at the other table, they had full glasses of water!! They should treat all customers fairly. EXTREMELY AWFUL SERVICE. 15% for tip?! If I could give this place ZERO STARS; I would. Not going to recommend to anyone and DEFINITY NEVER coming back to dine here again.
3	Went for lunch around 2:30. Kinda slow not many customers. Service like other reviews was really slow, not attentive and they all had a "I want to be somewhere else attitude".I got a combination bahn mi. When it arrived I picked it up and the bread was warm. :-)I bit into a crunchy, soft and crispy sandwich. Yummy. The veggies were really fresh, the meat had flavor and there was just enough heat to get my attention.If the service had been better so would the rating be.
2	Good food, bad service. Our pho was tasty, but it was missing saw leaf (aka culantro) and a few of the Thai basil leaves were dark spotted. After our meals were served, the wait staff blatantly ignored us and we had to ask for the check. This may very well be our last time in Chinatown after a long absence from eating out in general. It used to be the cool place in Vegas to eat and shop at a good price. These days our experiences have been very negative. We've visited a few restaurants in this area and the same scenario plays out: non-American Asians and the few whites around are treated well; and everyone else F.U. What started out as a small enclave in the Westside where anyone could come as they were has now unofficially become "Asian only" in certain establishments. I guess the Asian tour buses in Chinatown Plaza take the place of other customers (local or not). This type of segregation reminds me of rural America and plays a big role in ruining the once vibrant spirit of Las Vegas. I was not raised to separate myself from others who are different than myself; and I find this new ambiance very jarring and disturbing. My advice is to observe the clientele and interactions to determine which places will be a right fit. It is not advisable to just "walk in."On another note, their credit card receipt looks ambiguous because the lines for pre-tip amount and tip amount were almost the same. One needs to be careful and clear when filling out and signing their credit card info on the merchant's copy.
1	The hot and sour fish cost $24.99 not $7.45 light the guy say. Service is really bad.
4	Very delicious food and very accommodating staffs.    My favorite is the noodle soup Phnom Penh style.
