5	The newest guac on the block, this Chipotle makes one mean burrito. Brand spanking new and shiny, the restaurant is built on the site of a completely renovated 'Barbeques Galore' store right next door to the Lamps Plus in the heart of the Pavillions Shopping Center. This is the first location I spotted the franchise's newly introduced cilantro lime brown rice and I've got to say the nuttiness and texture really add to the burrito experience. With everything you've come to love from a Chipotle on top of the added freshness of a newly built kitchen, I couldn't ask for more in a meal.The staff is quite young, but they spoon out the delicious burrito fillings with the deft hands of burrito making veterans, smiling throughout the interaction and engaging the customer with interest. The cook tended a slew of delicious marinated chicken on the grill, and sat humming cheerfully as they browned. The sounds of the juices crackling on the hot grill echoing through the restaurant seemed to compliment his tune.Once I had paid, I took an empty seat and began to unwrap the glory that is the Chipotle steak burrito. With childlike abandon, I began tearing into this marvel of modern culinary magic, devouring bite after bite until I was left empty-handed and full-bellied. A highly recommended ending to a long day at the office.Could not be more satisfied with my meal here, and look forward to coming back time and time again, as the location is perfectly situated on my commute home from work. Clean, friendly, delicious, nutritious and nearby, truly a 5 star establishment.
4	Fanciest Chipotle I've ever been too!  This brand new location has a refreshing new look to the decor and a new menu item.  They offer cilantro lime brown rice.  Loved the flavor of this new rice.  I will be adding this new location to my stops for my burrito fix!
1	I've been a Chipotle fan for years and have had consistent positive experiences at their restaurants.  Unfortunately, when I went to the new Chipotle at the Scottsdale Pavilions today for lunch I was very disappointed by the terrible quality of my order.  I ordered online from my office (as I usually do to avoid the lunch line).  The restaurant itself is very nice - smaller than most Chipotles, but the decor is very modern and pleasant.  I always order crunchy chicken tacos and the quality and consistency has generally been very good, however, that was not the case today.  The chicken was all dark meat instead of breast meat, and was greasy and gristly.  My crunchy taco shells were soaked and soggy with grease by the time I got back to my office (less than 5 minutes).  I managed to stomach a few bites, but I threw the rest away.  If this is Chipotle's attempt to increase profits by marginalizing quality, they've lost me as a customer permanently.  Charge me an extra $1 and keep the quality.
2	I usually don't review large national chains but I'm making an exception here because I hope they can take it as constructive criticism. I'm a big fan of Chipotle. I eat there for lunch a few times a month and I always get the same thing - a carnitas burrito bowl. I've been to this location a couple times now hoping that it will get better but it just doesn't. Here's why:1. The wait. most Chipotle's are busy. But most of them know how to move the line fast. Not this one. On my first visit a woman complained because it took so long to get from the meat to the salsa because they were so busy fixing a large messed up order that her meat would be cold. On my most recent visit I stood in line for over 15 minutes and the line wasn't out the door. It was the longest I've ever been in line at a Chipotle.2. The food. I know chain restaurants have a certain way of doing things but I don't think the people working here were trained properly because the food is always overdone or they are scraping the bottom of the containers and I get scraps. On my last visit the rice was super overcooked and the carnitas were overshredded little bits of meat. It was not good.3. The food line. It's a mess. Every time I've gone in there is food everywhere. Not clean at all and pretty unappetizing. Ick.C'mon guys, I know you can do better than this! But until you do, I'll be going to the other Chipotle down the road.
2	We went to this Chipotle location about a week after it opened. I hope that they have fixed things since then. When we went there were approximately 3 times as many employees working behind the counter as there were patrons in the restaurant. There were three patrons, about 8 employees. Maybe bc it was new they didn't know how busy it would be but it was annoying to literally have half a dozen people have their hands on our food. I liked:-The spicy salsa. Usually when places say spicy they don't mean it. It took me a week to eat this little cup of salsa with chips because it was so hot I couldn't eat more than three chips at a time. I disliked:-Disproportionate number of employees-Dirty bathroom. For only being open a week it looked like it hadn't been cleaned since then. There was so much hair in the women's restroom it looked like someone got a haircut in there. Gross.
5	There's something abut this location that I love.  The food is always tastier.  The portions are always larger.  The staff are always friendlier.  The architecture is more unique than other locations.    Maybe it's more appealing because I typically stop by this Chipotle after hitting the gym, when I'm absolutely famished.  Yet again, maybe the food's just made with more love.  (Not that I've ever had a bad meal at Chipotle...)  I'll gladly drive a little out of the way to dine at this location.Right now I'm hooked on the chicken salad.  I'm very picky about my toppings and  they're always very accommodating.  Side of brown rice?  Check.  Separate containers of two salsas?  No problem.  A teensy bit of cheese?  You got it!  True Chipotle consistency, with a little bit more pizzazz.
4	I love this location. It's so convenient and the food is always fresh and delicious.  Who doesn't love chipotle?!? lol
5	Love this location at the Scottsdale Pavillions.  All the employees are super friendly at this location.  The food is always good and fresh.  I would go every week, oh wait I do!
3	Food fine but this one was kinda dirty. Not just the soda spill on the floor, stuck on gum dirty ice tea containers sticky counters.  Needs some tlc.
4	I am a fan of Chipotle.  The food quality is high and you don't feel like you are going on a fast food burger & fries binge even though it still fills you up.  This particular location is a little slow; the one by Scottsdale Fashion Square is much faster.  The other nitpicky thing I don't like is the tables that are basically next to each other with a small gap between them.  Neither of these things change the fact that this is a great lunch option.
5	This is my standard place to eat when I travel for business.  5 stars to this Chipotle.  The employees are great and the was burrito bowl was fantastic.
5	As far as fast food goes.  ..Chipolte is a favorite stop for me.  At this locations, the staff is always friendly and the food is always very fresh.
3	I visit at least once a week.  I get the burritos or tacos -- chicken or pork.  I normally enjoy the food -- however -- every once in a while -- the temperature of the meat barely qualifies as "warm".   This is a big turn off.   I've taken my meal back and they've replaced it every time - but it keeps happening.  I'm going to check out a different Chipotle and see if it's any better.
5	Fast. The guys Who took my order today where exceptionally nice!!! Parking lots can be a tad bit overwhelming through
5	I am an AVID chipotle lover and this one is one of my favorites. The food is always cooked to perfection, the staff is fast, friendly and clean. I have gone into a couple of chipotles where I felt like they don't clean their station and the food is all mixed together. This is not one of them. I have never had a bad experience with this chipotle and we are there at least once a week.  Awesome job Indian Bend Chipotle! You know what you are doing!
5	Love, love, love Chipotle and this location. Everyone is always super sweet and the food is delicious. Local meat, farm raised, non-GMO or rBGH. You can get as many sides of sour cream and salsa as you want and that makes me happy.
4	Carnitas salad bowl with black beans, mild salsa, cheese, and guacamole is my favorite!!!I am usually in during the evening and have had consistently good service! They are willing to answer questions and handle special requests.
5	Fast and friendly service, very tasty options. I had a barbacoa bowl with brown rice, black beans, veggies, corn and hot salsa. Terrific.Girlfriend had the sofritas (tofu) which she said was good as well.I love their tacos too. I wish they would sell queso though.
3	The prices are going through the roof and the choices are going down, not a great combination.    My Barbocoa burrito was $7.70....and guacamole of course is still not included.The next time they raise prices I will be heading for the hills. The meat was pretty good though and the burrito was still pretty big, but now it is getting big priced too. They also only offer one type of cheese now.     Ok, well to compensate for them raising prices, I now take a healthy handful of napkins and silverware home with me - it works out well for both parties.
2	everytime I have gone here the staff has messed up our orders. One day it was so bad I called and the manager offered us a completely free order, which was awesome. She totally followed through on that thus the 2nd star, but that order was also screwed up. Nice people but that doesn't cut it when people pay you for food. Might need some re-training here
5	Absolutely love this location! My husband and I order a couple times a month and they never disappoint. When it's busy, the line goes quickly and the people are nice. A little smaller than other Chipotle locations but still a good one :)
2	Ordered your basic bean, cheese, sofritas burrito. the guy rolled it into a ball. I said hey your making my burrito a ball. He said, no I am not. Anyways, I had them put NO salsa on my burrito cause the beans did not look HOT I was right. cheese never melted. barely put any sofritas on either.
