5	The consensus between me, my friend, and my sister is that Wong's Place IS the best Chinese Szechaun / Hunan restaurant in the Phoenix Area! My friend could not stop eating! Could it be that he wasn't paying for it? The first two days I was here I ate half of his dishes from China Chili and Mediterranean House. No weird, funny faces today!What we ordered...Salty Fish Fried Rice - Do NOT order this unless you know what you're getting into... This Fried Rice is made with salted preserved dried fish, cut up into little pieces, also cooked with pieces of chicken. Most non-Orientals would exclaim who's got BO! I've just warned you! My friend had not had this dish in years... loved it.Pan Fried Shrimp - Whole Shrimp is fried WITH the skin... You will see the shrimp staring right back at you with it's beady black eyeballs! How to eat - Break off shrimp at neck and eat the body and tail... Even the skin is edible! Chomp on the shrimp's head at your own risk! The shrimp is served with thin slices of Jalapeno on a bed of lettuce. The Jalapeno gives it a nice hot flavor!Szechuan Green Beans - This turned out to be sweeter than Wong's usually makes it. Think it was contaminated from another table's order... But still VERY GOOD!Black Pepper Sizzling with Black Bean Sauce - Black Bean Sauce is used in Chinese dishes as a salt alternative. But it is VERY tasty to Chinese. No chemically tenderized meat here!A dessert of Cocanut Milk Jello, a dessert I've never seen at any other Chinese restaurant, comes with your meal...  FREE!I had not been here at Wong's Place in years.. Has not changed one bit... Still one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix Area...
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant!  There's not one thing that I've had that I didn't like and I've had about 35% of this menu. Always ask for the "Blue" menu and you won't go wrong.  This menu specializes in authentic Chinese Szechaun dishes.  The menu is available for lunch or dinner.  When I'm missing my mom's cooking, I always end up here.  I'll even ask them to concoct something up when I'm in a daring mood and it's always good.My favorite dishes are: Pan Fried Shrimp - If anyone in your party is squeamish, this is a warning.. it's cooked whole with the eyes!Seafood Chow Fun - wide rice noodles with shrimp, scallops and squid. You won't find this at Panda Express!Salty Fish Fried Rice - Preserved salted dried fish and chicken stir fried in rice. This is not your standard fried rice and it has a very strong fish taste/smell. Only the brave should try this!Szechaun Green Beans - Pork and green beans. A little on the spicy side. This is no longer on the menu, but if you ask for it, they'll prepare it and you'll love it! I always want to try another dish, but I love the dishes that I've had and it's so hard to decide what to order once I get there. They serve an excellent dessert that's included with your meal... very refreshing.I have been coming here for 15+ years. How many restaurants can tell you that their staff have been with them that long? Not many, but these owners take care of their employees quite well as there is very little turnover. I have brought many of my in town and out of town friends here and not once have I been disappointed!
2	I had lunch here recently since I live in the neighborhood. The food was average fare for a Chinese restaurant, nothing outstanding as far as I could taste. The ambiance was lacking and the air conditioner should have been used a little more liberally. I have read the other reviews about Wong's, so I was a little disappointed. I will probably give it another shot sometime, but with Chuy's next door it might be awhile.
5	This place is the BEST Chinese food in Arizona and I've been going since 1994! As a regular, everything on the menu is fantastic. But we always order fried tofu with special sauce (delicious silken tofu with an extremely light batter and a sweet/spicy dipping sauce), steamed fish, sauteed snow pea leaves, salt and pepper pan fried shrimp. After the meal, they always serve a refreshing and quite frankly the best tasting almond jello ever. The lunch specials are cheap and Americanized, but the sauces are flavorful. The wait staff are friendly and awesome. I've introduced one and all my friends to this fantastic place. It's the perfect place for family style meals. However, if you're not Asian, you will probably get the pink menu. The blue menu has more authentic dishes which you should try. After I told this to my manager, he tried to get the blue menu without me there, but was denied. Always persist because it will be worth it!Now, if Wong's could make it to San Francisco...I would be in heaven!
3	While I may not be the best person to rate the restaurant, I am writing a review for myself so I know if I want to return when I come back to AZ again.Compared to the Chinese food I've had in NY, Chicago, LA, Vancouver, SD, this place is just so-so.  Compared to fast food Chinese you find at the mall, it's definitely a gem.  We had the dumpling soup (base was blah- soysauce based with little flavor, and adding spicy sauce didn't help), soup dumplings however, looked home made and were nice), fried dumplings (pan fried, not fried, only 2 sides were fried), beef chow fun (good, beef was a bit saucy which is not how I normally have it), Mongolian beef (best thing we ordered), beef & Broccoli (just OK), short rib (now my friend said it was like Korean BBQ-- I was laughing inside. The meat is cut strange, little triangle on the bone, and the flavor is sooo different than Korean BBQ, it's almost insulting. also, just an OK dish), and pan fried noodles (seemed like thinner noodles, the chow mein noodles were weak).  I don't doubt that this is the best Chinese in Phoenix (friends at the cooking school in town atest to this fact), however, there is so much more out there in the US.Service was good, place was clean.  Big tables for families (10 people) and booths for cozy groups.
1	A friend and I went here a couple weeks ago on a random Wednesday night to get a quick bite to eat.  Having not had Chinese food in a while (in a state that lacks any real great Chinese food), we decided to give Wong's Place a shot.  We ordered the twice-cooked pork and the beef chow fun in black bean sauce.  Neither of the dishes were really that great.  The twice-cooked pork was far too sweet and overloaded with vegetables as filler and the beef chow fun was greasier than I'd prefer.And to seal the deal, a classmate of mine whom I saw working there, later informed me to avoid eating here because they allegedly "recycle" the rice there.  You got it, the last table's leftover white rice is now being added into your pot and served to you.If you're looking for legit Chinese food, you're better off going somewhere else.Edit: Based on recent reviews, perhaps the 1-2 star reviews aren't getting their point across.  Here's a list of places you're better off going to:1. Asian Hong Kong/Hong Kong Asian Diner (the name escapes me, but it's on the NW corner of Rural and Ray)2. Panda Express3. Subway4. FilibertosAs you can see, while there are more legitimate (and delcious) Chinese restaurants to eat at, it seems that just about ANYWHERE is a better choice than Wong's.  Please, just let them go the way of Chrysler and eat somewhere else.
3	Spent time visiting an artist friends studio in Tempe on Saturday. We decided to get a bite to eat and drove to Wong's Place.  I've been here 6 or 7 times in the last 2 years and have always had a good meal.  I had the kung pao chicken lunch special for $5.95, which included a decent hot and sour soup, fried rice, crab puffs and hot green tea.  The service was attentive and I never went without an ice cold glass of water.  The chicken was spiced well and was tasty, not too spice, just right for me.
2	Maybe I'm biased but this place is just okay.  The noodles are greasy, the entrees are greasy, the rice is a little on the hard side.  When I need a quick Chinese food fix that is more authentic than Pei Wei and Panda Express, I come here -- but it's just MARGINALLY better.  I think if the cooks erred more on the side of cooking authentically Chinese style the dishes would be much better.
3	A little greasy, but as truly good Chinese is difficult to find in the Valley, you can't go too terribly wrong here.
3	Wongs used to be the best Chinese food in the valley but it has gone down hill in the last 3 or 4 years. Wongs was on par with some of the best SF Chinese restaurants 6-7 years ago.  However, it has gotten cheap.  The restaurant is often dirty with bugs and flies. The tables are dirty. The food is too oily now.  The preparation seems to have taken a hit as well.  We ordered a vegetarian item and they cooked it in fish sauce so the whole item smelled and tasted of fish. That's just laziness on their part as they obviously recycled oil.  I will consider getting take-out but the food has gone down hill. There are better restaurants in the valley now: 1. Gourmet House of Hong Kong 2. Big Wong and 3. China Chile ...all in downtown are better
5	Hands down the best Chinese food in the valley. When I used to live right next to this place my roommates and I would get takeout at least once  week. Obviously its not as good as San Fran or some other large cities I have been too, but this is Phoenix for crying out loud. So when it comes to Chinese, Wongs place is the only place I like to go.
2	After reading reviews that "this is the best chinese food in the valley!" my boyfriend and I decided to get some takeout tonight from them.  Their website doesn't have a menu, so I sent the boy away with orders to get me a garlic chicken dish.I want to give this a single star, however my bf claims his food was better than mine so I'll up it to a two.  Mine was plain terrible.  I have had far better, and in fact had to add some black bean sauce from my fridge to add some flavor to it.  Literally no flavor OR spice in fact.  Ben got chicken fried rice, and the pan fried shrimp.  He said the fried rice was terrible, shrimp was average.  Steamed rice was kinda crunchy, just your average quick cook rice.Now we are used to east coast takeout, so maybe we've been spoiled but I certainly won't be eating here again.  Bummer because I was really hoping to find a kick ass chinese take-out place close to home.  The search goes on...
4	Phoenix is not the place to find good Chinese food.  However, Wong's has some of the best in the area.  Their prices are reasonable and service is friendly.
4	Wong's is fast, friendly, tasty and easy on the wallet.  Nothing fancy but consistently good.
3	Wong's place has been touted as "some of the best in the area" and "Hands down the best Chinese food in the valley."  I'm not from the area so I don't have a lot to compare to but if Wong's is the best in the area, then I'm a bit disappointing that the Tempe area doesn't know what some really outstanding Chinese food should taste like.  Wong's is a decent average place with mediocre chinese food at reasonable prices.  And the people who work there are very nice people.  It's hard to go wrong with the house pan fried sizzling noodle at any kind of Chinese restaurant (although I wish the noodles were a bit thinner).
3	Pretty good - it's cheap...it's close...and they have some good chinese food for the area. They don't deliver though.
4	My friends have always raved about this place for years and I finally broke down and decided to try it and I was pleasantly surprised. I love Chinese food and this place was good. When I got there they set me down and I was immediately served with tea and water(the tea was great BTW) and I ordered one of the lunch specials for only $6 bucks or something. The food was good and the portions were just right for lunch, was hooked until...I went back the next week to get my usual meal and as I was eating I saw a roach crawl on the wall!!! I told the waiter and he said that they spray regularly and offered to move me to another table...at this point I could have left but loving their food as much as I do I just moved to another table and finished my delicious food. I admit I have not been back there since but the food is good! I guess that's the risk you take for cheap Chinese food in Tempe.(they did give me 10% off the meal)
5	Wong's Place is my favorite little family-owned neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  It has the quaint charm that is typical of a hole-in-the-wall Asian dining establishment, complete with the pastel decor reminiscent of the 80's.  The staff is the same loyal, polite staff that has been serving there for years and the service is consistently impeccable.  The staff always greets us with a familiar smile, the food is always delicious, my glass is always full, and the prices are very modest.  Although I have had many of their entrees, a few come to mind as the standalone, "must have" dishes to recommend above all others.  The Seafood Hot & Sour Soup is by far the most delectable option on the menu!  It is far different than the standard hot & sour fare and is filled with mussels, shrimp & squid, green onions and mushrooms in a spicy red broth.....it makes my mouth water with delight when I think of it!  Everyone that tries it keeps coming back for it, no matter how far the drive!  A few other faves are the Wong Jo Chicken with black mushrooms and ginger and the Pork Fried Rice.  If you have a large party to entertain, Wong's offers a special dinner price that is all inclusive and large family-style tables so that  everyone can share.  It is not uncommon for the place to be packed with families at dinner time on the weekends.  If it is fine dining or gourmet Chinese ambiance that you are looking for, you won't find it here, BUT....I highly recommend Wong's if you are looking for a delicious neighborhood fare for a great price.
1	Hit and miss. I'd have given them 2 stars, but when I went there last week, I wanted to gouge my eyes out with used tampons from sheer frustration...This time was a big, huge MISS.I hadn't been there in over six months and it slipped my mind that they have the two separate menus -- the non-asian menu (pink) and the asian menu (blue). When the pink menus were dropped on me, I wondered where the chicken chow fun had disappeared to - oh....that's right, I must have appeared as an americanized asian. MY BAD.I asked for the blue menu and was given a funky look, but it was brought and slapped down on the table with more force than necessary. Was that needed? Really? I thought it was me. Maybe it was. *shrugs*I honestly thought I'd get a different item on the menu, but noooo...I went for the chicken chow fun.What a hot mess that was. Not in a good way. It was mega greasy. I mean GREASY like I could've oiled all the squeaky doors I've ever heard in my entire life. There was no flavor. None.My friend was horrified with her yang chow fried rice. She didn't know what to make of it. I felt bad for recommending it. It was such a let down.Best chinese food in Mesa/Phoenix? Really? You think so? I don't think so.I think I'll take my chances with that hideous KFC further down the street than eat here ever again. Hell, I'll go eat at Golden Palace - you know, the place with no windows? - before I'll ever eat at Wong's Place.Oh...and to add insult to injury, service was so bad (food was slapped down on the table so hard noodles fell off the plate! I only got ONE glass of water as did my friend; they looked at me like I had NO RIGHT using chopsticks when I asked for them, etc) I didn't leave a tip...and the server chased after me as I was getting into my car, demanding tip money. I said no and drove off. I hope he doesn't realize I literally live around the corner from this place...What drama was had to be all around at Wong's Place. Maybe I caught them at a wong time. Nyuck, nyuck, nyuck...
4	Definitly the best Chinese food in the valley, or at least the best ive tried. This place is nothing amazing, but its the only Chinese restaurant in arizona where i wont complain about my meal. The wonton soup is reallllll good here.
5	When I lived in Tempe i would eat here religiously, and I really don't know what all these bad reviews are about. Wong's is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley, and I've tried a bunch of them. Now that I live in Phoenix I have to make a pilgrimage when I need my fix, but it's always worth it, guaranteed.Yes, there are 2 menus, a pink one for the uninformed and the blue one for the people who want something a bit more traditional... I am salivating right now thinking of the garlic chicken, and the salt and pepper eggplant. oh, and the garlic fried shrimp... and the sizzling beef short ribs. and the wong jo chicken. and the tu-mu Chinese greens... and the pork with preserved vegetables. and the three flavors sizzling rice soup... yeah, I could keep going, but I see these lousy reviews and I feel that I need to represent for good ol' Wong's.I must admit that I am not fancy, and that I do like my restaurants a little gritty. Some may be put off by the weird decor, but I think it's really cool (there's a river on the ceiling or something... or are they clouds? I just don't know)!I have always had a fulfilling experience here, the food is always great, the service is always good, and the prices are really reasonable. Wong's probably isn't the place for you if you are the one who orders sweet and sour chicken where ever you go... To everyone that seems to flat out hate it, you really need to go back and try something else, because they have something for everybody, and it's all really pretty great.
3	not the best in the valley but it is good. nice cheap lunch! i been there 3-4 times and would go back.
4	This place is great! I've been coming here ever since it was recommended to me by Bobby T. (below). The two things I love most are the Wong Jo Chicken and the Fried Chicken and Garlic Sauce. The Wong Jo has an interesting flavor to it, it's sweet yet spicy with a kick of ginger. As for the fried chicken in garlic sauce, well the name says it all. The best part is that the sauce is completely loaded with garlic! If you love garlic, you have to try this! I'm sad that I won't be close to this place anymore since I'm transplanting from Tempe to Phoenix, but when I do head down that direction, I'll definitely hit up Wong's if I have a hankering for Chinese (it totally trumps any other Chinese restaurant in the area). Oh, and one last thing...go with the blue menu!
5	Wong's Place is a staple, a standby, the place I go for Chinese food, both for dine-in and take-out.  The Moo Shoo pork is a highlight, as are the crab puffs.
2	Had take-out from here tonight while visiting family in Tempe. It just wasn't anything to write home about. Not a whole lot of flavor in the Kung Po Shrimp (though the shrimp itself was pretty good), and the Hunan beef left a weird filmy taste on my tongue. No dish was less than $10 either- not worth it at all. It definitely didn't make me want to go back for the dine-in experience.
1	I used to live in Sacramento and would come home to visit family in Tempe.  At the time this was the only "chinese" restaurant (1990's).  My family would drag me here and I would be aghast at the small portions and steep prices (chow mein for $8-10?) and the portions were about 2/3rds the size of what I would get for $6.  Ignorance is bliss and when there's no competition, they can do this kind of stuff.Thankfully, there about 10 chinese restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place and no one I know even comes near this place.So if it's high prices and diet-sized portions you're looking for, then have at it.What cracks me up is that the top 5 restaurants (according to many of the local chinese) are either not even on yelp or have only a few reviews.The best "yelpers" are the word-of-mouthers.  if it's good it spreads throughout the chinese community like wild fire.  And if it's bad, it spreads faster than a ladies sewing club....(i made that one up)I would recommend these places if you want the real deal (in no particular order)1) Asian Cafe Express2) New Hong Kong3) Tao Garden4) Asian Hong Kong Diner5) Great Wall6) China Kingjust ask the locals who grew up here
2	I was a former Wong's Fan.  I don't know if something else changed, but last month when we went there, the food had fallen several notches.   We were a large party and we ordered 7-8 entrees to share.    None of them were great.I don't know what happened but we haven't gone back since.
3	It's cold & flu season... if you're feeling bad, I urge you to go to Wong's and order the House Noodle Soup!  It works every time!!  A couple spoonfuls of the chili paste and you're feeling better - I guarantee it!  Their potstickers are also some of the best I've ever had.  The service is fast and friendly.  My only complaint is that sometimes the place can be a bit... seedy looking.  It doesn't help having a dive bar next door.  The inside looks the same as it did when I first ventured in there in the early (mid?) 90s.  NOTHING has changed... probably the same silverware and cups.  It's just messy looking.We've tried some other entrees and have been very impressed with the quality and authenticity.  I think it's nice that they  have "American Chinese" and "Chinese Chinese" menus.
2	I'm not really sure that I like Wong's Place.  Both times I've been here I've had to send the soup back for another variety.  The first time I had hot and sour and didn't like it so I asked for egg drop.  The egg drop soup came back and it was okay.  The second time I remembered that I didn't like the hot and sour and order the egg drop but this time the egg drop tasted funny.  So I asked for Wonton instead.  The Wonton was okay.Both times I had Wong Jo chicken as a lunch special.  I wasn't really feeling it on my second visit.  Matter of fact, the second time I visited I brought my whole family and we all had lunch.  I tasted most everyone's entrees and wasn't really all that impressed.  They all had basic things like sweet and sour chicken, mongolian beef, sweet and sour shrimp.  Things that normally you would think would be pretty good as they're very standard.  Nothing spectacular.  The accompanying photo is of the Wong Jo chicken from my first visit.I'm not really feeling Wong's Place.  I don't think I'll be back.  Sorry.
1	The service was great. The owner was really nice, and very sensitive of needs of my party (a friend that had a disability)I had Mapo Tofu. It was okay.When I came home my man told me about the server who squashed a cockroach with his hand and showed it to his co-worker.I barfed about half an hour after that.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE, I usually will order the Pot Stickers (awesome), House Won Ton Soup, Beef Chow Fun w/ Egg sauce spicy, Mongollian Beef, and their version of the Generals Chicken.  The menu is huge and its fun to try something new each time.  The Chicken Chow Mein tastes like everyone elses so I dont order it here.
3	The entrees here are hit and miss.  The first time I got food to go, I was pleasantly surprised by the taste and quality of the dishes.  I'm a blue menu type of gal, and my favorite was the Won Ton soup.  They add in sesame seed to the mixed dumpling meat to give it an extra depth of flavor and texture, and the clear broth is very tasty and perfect for a cold winter night.  The second time I ordered from here, the dishes were just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  The chicken with bok choy was a bit bland, and they did not wash the bok choy enough because the dish tasted gritty and there was still sand in the leaves.  The Singapore rice noodles were also a bit bland and not spicy at all.
5	We've been going to Wongs twice a month or more for over 20 years and never had a bad meal.  We are eternally hooked.  Our favorite is the lemon chicken.  Other faves are Wong Jo Chicken, house chow mein, house egg foo yung and moo shi.  Excellent pricing and fresh veggies.  My only complaint is the pancake in the egg foo yung which seems to be from frozen not fresh made as it once was.
5	BEST Chinese food in this valley!  We love the food, and the service is attentive without hovering.If you are looking for decor, go someplace else.  this ain't it.  Wong's Place is a simple hole-in-the-wall kinda restaurant. On the other hand, if you want good food, this IS it!   Wong's Place just happens to serve amazingly good food -- consistently!Most times I go to Wong's Place, I'm one of very few (sometimes the only) Caucasian(s) in the place.  Almost all the customers Are Asian.  When the people of an ethnic group eat their ethnic food in an ethnic restaurant, that's a *very* good sign!My friend, who lives near 23rd Ave. & Northern in Phoenix (a mere 22 miles away), goes ONLY to Wong's Place when in the mood for Chinese food.  Wong's Place is the also only Chinese restaurant that I go to in the Valley.Lunch specials are inexpensive, and there's enough to take some home.Go. Relax.  Eat. Enjoy!
3	This place is our family outing restaurant.  The kids sip on the tea and we just sit and talk.We've tried almost everything and flavors are reasonable.  Chef's Special Killer Shrimp is the best of all times.  It's a spicy, garlic, red soup with big shrimp.  We usually pour some over the white rice, but I like to sip on the broth!    The beef noodles have a good salty taste, once we tried the shrimp with mango on the chef's special board and I will not try it again.
4	Ok, I have been coming to Wong's Place for a number of years now. I found this little gem when I was wandering about Tempe (No I am not homeless, nor do I wander off when I drink) ;)Anyhow, the majority of the time that I order the food to go, it is really good. I have had only a few issues with the rice for the sizzling rice soup being overcooked but I will say that the soup is awesome and tastes awesome (Three flavor). Wong-Jo chicken is good with egg fried rice, egg foo yung, house deluxe chow mein, imprerial three delights, mongolian beef (not a huge portion, but tasty), and random other tastyness!! They have not updated the decor and everytime that I come in to get my order, I converse with the guy that always takes my order. He is not The Mr. Wong, but he is like his right hand man. He recently told me that they have not fired any of their workers because everyone has been working there for over 10 years. Even in this economy when business is OK at best, they take care of their people. I hope this place never closes down or I will be sad for them, and hard pressed to find anyone who can mirror the sizzling rice soup and wong-jo chicken. It is a typical chinese restaurant but I think the food is better than most chinese knock-off restaurants. I think that if you can enjoy the authentic atmosphere and the food (pink menu if you are scared of authentic chinese), then you should be satisfied with your meal. Personally, I get mine to go 99% of the time because I will take it home and not feel bad when I load my plate up with everything and go back for seconds!!
4	A Tempe staple for over 20 years.  One of the many places to eat in the valley I have missed since moving to SoCal.Ask for the second menu, and order the Walnut Shrimp.
5	We've been coming here for years.  The food is ALWAYS great and I agree that the service is great without hovering.  Their lunch menu is the best value as well as the best chinese food in town
4	One of my fav chinese spots in the valley!  This is one of those places where if you choose the right menu items it's super awesome but I think they got a few things they are not great at, like their kung pow.  I've been going here for years so here are some of my favorites:  Hong Kong Style Chow Mein, Salt Pepper Pork, Sizzling Beef Short Ribs, Garlic Friend Shrimp, Crystal Shrimp, Lemon Chicken, Wong Jo Chicken, Madarin Beef.  You'll find lots of local people here.  Lots of asians!  Good sign that the food is good right?
4	I love crappy Chinese food.  I don't mean that it's bad quality or anything.  Having lived on the East Coast a few years, I miss the little Chinese restaurants - tiny little places, nothing fancy, inexpensive, that serve up good sized portions of Chinese food.  I have no idea what authentic is.  What I do know, is what tastes good.I've lived half a mile (at most) from this place for a few years and have always wanted to try it.  Wife isn't a fan of Chinese food, so I just never got around to it.  Finally tried it last weekend and was very happy.Very nondescript looking place, nothing special on the inside, though it did appear clean (at least from the front where I was standing).  The guy who took my order (and who I assume also served me when I went to pick up) was very nice.  I had the Kung Pao chicken, which to me seems like a very generic meal - something that is a good measuring stick on which to judge Chinese restaurants (like ordering Pad Thai at a Thai restaurant...I always try that first).  The egg drop soup was quite nice as well -- pretty thick, but very simple, very tasty.I should be clear - it's nothing fancy.  It's not out of this world amazing.  It is good.  It is inexpensive.  It is a pretty decent portion size.  It was *exactly* what I wanted.  I'll be back...next step is to convince the wife to try something from here.
5	I love Wong's Place. I always have. How I never wrote a review about it before, I have no idea! I've been going here for around 10 years and have never been disappointed. Despite living in South Phoenix, I still make a point to come to Tempe from time to time just to visit Wong's Place. It's well worth the drive.As to what to eat here, well... everything! My personal favorites are the Wong Jo and House Special chicken dishes, but I've had nearly everything on the menu and loved all of it.Also, like Nader said, get the blue menu!
5	Love love Wongs!! An institution for years! staff is friendly and remembers you if you frequent.......If you didn't like your food then you didn't know what to order....try the house pan fried noodles, salt & pepper pork, empress ribs and sizzling short ribs.....yummo!
5	Wong's is my favorite place for Chinese.  Just about everything is good!  Wong Jo's chicken is spicy and good, the House Special Sizzling Rice Soup is outstanding, as is the  House Special Fried Rice. The Pork Egg Fu Yong is really good too!   Almost all the menu items are good.  They give you A LOT of food.  The person who said the portions are skimpy must over eat.  I consistently take home food for lunch the next day.   The comments about the interior being nothing special is true!  It is a hole in the wall joint that could use a makeover. But that would be the interior and not the help or the food!
5	This place is amazing, their eggdrop soup is delicious, waiter staff is extremely friendly and their food is to drool for.
5	My husband surprised me one day taking me out to Chinese food Whe nwe arrived I was like what the heck is this place. I have lived in Tempe my whole life and never knew about this place..It has 80's decor`e but thats a given for a restaurant that has been there over 22 years who just wants to serve yummy food. Although when I am there I want to redecorate for them so so bad. BUT HANDS DOWN ITS THE BEST CHINESE FOOD AROUND...They are so friendly and attentive to your needs. Everything is good that I have ordered so far. Just writing this review makes me want to go there right now.. IT'S A MUST TRY
3	Well I was in search of lunch and happened by this place from yelp. Everyone gave this place the best reviews and well although I may be raving about it this place is really good.I hate to evesdrop but I couldn't help but overhear the group in the booth in front of me and behind me just talking about how they are all getting their regulars and chatting it up with the waiter. This place gives off a nice homey feeling. It is very welcoming from the staff.The food I got was recommened from my waiter it was ok but I really didn't know what I was ordering and got this stirfry of sauce,chicken, and veggies; every veggie I hate btw. So not their problem really I should have asked. The meal was good though. The rice was great and there was a piece of just fried chicken with my meal which was great. I think next time I will just get fried chicken and soup.
5	I love their food, period!  I've been to this place for many times(whenever I'm in Arizona) and I always received the excellent food & the service :). I think there are couple of servers working at Wong's for a long time and I noticed that they are very royal to the customers.  My tea pot is always full and my water glass is refilled without asking.To me, it is a comfortable family Chinese restaurant that you can go as a group of friends & family occasionally.  The interior decor isn't that  impressive or a style of up to date, but it is a clean restaurant that I can enjoy my tasty Chinese dishes any time at Wong's.  Sizzling Rice Soup(must have item!!)Mandarin Tofu(usually comes w/fried tofu but u can ask for reg tofu)Beef w/Baby Boc ChoyCristal Shrimp(if u r a mayo lover)Fried Chicken w/Garlic sauceFYI:  if you are in a special diet, you have no option of getting brown rice here :(Well, I am definitely coming back to Wong's on my next weekend trip here in AZ :D
4	I really like this place. It's near my house so I've eaten here a few times and I've never been disappointed with what I've chosen. Great portion size for the money and always piping hot. I love their eggplant dish as well as the hunan tofu. The service is very good. I've never had to ask for a refill on my water, and the servers are always pleasant.Definitely worth checking out!
4	FOODI had the won ton soup and crab puffs.  Hadn't had won ton soup in a long time but glad I did because it was excellent.  The crab puffs were good, but were a bit flat as if something had been set on top of them so the presentation could have been better.SERVICEThe service was perfectly adequate and the food arrived promptly.ATMOSPHEREPretty standard Chinese restaurant surroundings. Wong's is not the coziest of restaurant environs but neither is it overly sterile.
5	I have been going to Wong's since I was a small child, and I never get tired of it! I have recently moved to Tucson, which is super inconvenient considering no other Chinese food restaurant even compares to Wong's. The food is delicious, service is great, and prices are low. I try to stop in every time I am in the area, it never disappoints! Hands down, my favorite Chinese restaurant. I recommend the mongolian beef, kung pao chicken, and hunan tofu (vegan).
4	This is our neighborhood joint. Its also where I tell people to go when they are looking for good Chinese food in Tempe. It's not a fancy date night hangout in that its much more hole in the wall than recessed lighting and modern fixtures but the food is decently priced, family portioned and never disappoints. It's the local gem I love to be in the know about. ( I highly recommend their pan fried noodle dish for anyone craving that comforting thick home made pasta taste expertly pan fried using a seasoned iron wok . It's absolutely wonderful.)
2	My regular Togo place when I feel lazy at home, the food is great but make sure u check the order before u take it back home especially the busy hour! ;( they miss one of my main course n I need to go back n get it@@ no my idea lazy Togo day, I guess ..
5	This place is GREAT. One of the best kept secrets in the valley.  A small restaurant so if you have a party of 8 or more make a reservation.  I go to Wong's place every chance I get which is not often enough as I am traveling most of the time and eating out at restaurants all over the country.  I wish there was a place like this everywhere I travel.  I give this place 5 stars because of the price compared to the quality of food, casual atmosphere, and mostly because of the awesome service.  If I didn't go into this place for 6 months and walk in, the waiters remember what I have ordered in the past and they go the extra mile to have me try meals that I might like. This place is so casual that anyone should have no reservation about telling them if you ordered something you didn't like or have a problem with anything.  These folks are that awesome. You would be hard pressed to find such a nice place or people.   Even the "Duke of A Mountain"  and his family eat here often and these folks could eat anywhere they desire. Thanks Mr. Wong and Staff,   We love your place as do many others.Guy & Friends
5	I have tried looking for the BEST Chinese Food Restaurant in Phoenix or anywhere that is close to where we live and then I stumbled upon Wong's Place. This was the only business with a rating over 3 and a half stars. Compared to the other reviews, this was the BEST choice. So, once day, my Hubbie & I drove out to Tempe to try this place. When it comes to Chinese Food, I will always order Chow Mein & Kung Pao Chicken, but here... we order so much more.The food is AMAZING. Everything has its own unique flavors, the beef is amazingly tender in the Beef with Broccoli dish. & I am no fan of broccoli but when I am here, I eat it ALL. My Hubbie & I share two entrees, the Beef with Broccoli and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Kung Pao is the BEST dish I have had YET. I went from Panda Express to many other places, in search of the most Authentic Chinese Food out in Phoenix, and I have found it.The employees are nice and very fast. We usually start with the Crab Puffs and within 10 minutes, our entrees are ready. And when we have leftovers, the server packages everything up for you, including the white rice. They serve hot tea with each meal, as well as iced water. It's usually is a quite place, and best part, they deliver!! Unfortunately, not in the Phoenix area...My Hubbie & I go here for ANY and ALL celebrations. I can honestly say, this is MY favorite restaurant to go to in AZ!!
4	This place is fantastic!  I've been going there for years.   The food is fantastic and the servers are pretty attentive. The salt and pepper chicken wings is ridiculously good!  Give it a try if you're a fan of wings.  Great place to go for Chinese food.The decor could use an upgrade though, if you care about that sort of thing.  It doesn't take away from their food and service.  Highly recommend.
5	Perfect place for take-out.  The dining area isn't the fanciest, but the food is great.
1	I tried Wong's for the first time and I can say I definitely say I will not go back.  We ordered our food for take out and I ordered the almond chicken dinner special.The meal also came with wonton soup, fried wonton, eggroll, and we ordered a side of crab puffs.The almond chicken was disappointing there wasn't much chicken in there, the zucchini and mushrooms were plentiful in the meal. I was a little confused by the addition of peas in the medley. I expected there to be slivered almonds mixed in with the dish. However I received cut up almonds that looked like the kind you buy for baking just dumped on the top of the dish.  The fried wonton and eggroll were ok. What you would typically expect to get from  a Chinese restaurant. The wonton tasted overcooked, I had to dip it in the soup to make it edible. The Crab puff had barely any filling in the puff it was almost completely flat, very disappointing.  The one saving grace was the wonton soup. The soup is the only thing I would ever eat from that place again and I don't plan on going back.
5	I love this place for a few reasons. First to note, is they serve you hot Jasmine tea right when you sit down. Tea to talk over is fabulous when you're waiting for your meal to be prepared. The pot stickers are my favorite- the meat is well seasoned and the dumpling flour is perfectly chewy. Their won-ton soup is possibly the best in town! I recently tried their Lobster Sauce Shrimp (comes with white rice), and it was amazing. The shrimp were GIANT sized, and tasted perfectly fresh which is odd for being in the desert!
5	Absolutely THE BEST Chinese food you will ever have. I have been going here for several years!
5	If your looking for authentic Chinese in az this is the spot. You may find restaurants like this all over Los Angeles but this is a special place when it comes to Arizona.
5	Wong's is THE best place for lunch!  Their specials are the best in the Valley!  Large portions, soup, chicken wing, crab puff, AND soup!  The owner is always on site and helping.  Staff is super friendly!  We LOVE Wong's! :)
5	Wong's never disappoints! If you are going for a trendy place to eat Wong's is not the place for you. If you want some authentic, hole in the wall Chinese food the definitely check it out. My husband and I have fallen in love with this cute little place and it's definitely one of our go to dinner spots.
5	I noticed Wong's ratings trend has dropped recently but I can testify that they have shot right back up!  We ate here this Friday evening and had fabulous food.  My son had Beef with black bean sauce, the wife had House Special Chicken, crunchy on the outside, tender and moist breast inside. Deep fried chicken breast with orange peel sauce & water chestnuts, intense delightful flavor with just the right amount of kick, very similar to General Tso's chicken.  I ordered Szechuan Egg Plant with pork, the great flavor of perfectly cooked eggplant with tons of pork in a delicate but spicy sauce.  I don't know when I last had more flavorful, rich and tasty dishes.  Three for three, that's perfection.  Abundant portions and a spice level I enjoyed.  The service was great, the restaurant clean and the prices moderate.  I'm a fan and will definitely return many more times.
4	Good Chinese food is so hard to find in this part of the country that I'm surprised this place only gets 3.5 stars from reviewers. I'm not going to recommend any one dish but Wong's is the closest thing I've experienced to Chinese food in the Northeast (think Seinfeld minus the deliveries). Prices are reasonable and there are even two different menus, one being an authentic Chinese one. I had a server who completely didn't understand me, which is why I left off a fifth star. He wasn't Chinese either. There is no decor in this place whatsoever so you know the main focus is the food. It even feels like a NY sit down Chinese restaurant. From what I'm told it's been around a while too, well worth checking out.
5	Great food, great prices. I make it a point to come here every time I visit Phoenix 3-4 times a year. It is authentic and I love it. There is a menu in Chinese also, which offers even more variety if you ask for a translation. It's a small business, and they really go out of their way to please. Try it.
2	Maybe I went on the wong day?  I went to Wong's Chinese for the lunch special.  There was only one other couple inside which seemed awkward for the lunch hour?  I ordered the 'House Special Chicken' and although the first few bites were tasty, it had a pungent scent to it that eventually turned me off.  I asked if soda pop were available, but was told that the soda machine hadn't been working for 'a couple weeks'?  A couple weeks?  So, I'm the only person in two weeks to have walked in an asked for soda?  Again, very awkward.  The lunch was reasonably priced, however, I don't think I would return for smelly chicken and no soda.
5	I love this place. It is probably the best place to get authentic Chinese food in Arizona. The pan fried shrimp with shell on is my favorite. I haven't have anything from here that I don't like. The owner is nice and he's always at the restaurant. He is super nice and will even make special order for you if requested. Free hot tea! The staff is extremely nice and they know what they're doing. The menu can be a little overwhelming, a lot of choices to chose from. But it also means you'll never get bored with their foods.
5	I love this place so much, especially their short rib sizzling. They have good customer service too. Everyone in this store extremely nice and know what they are doing. I would definitely come back this place for dinner and lunch
5	My family has been coming here as long as I can remember. This is the freshest tastiest Chinese food I've ever had. The staff is super competent and the food is always fast and hot. Hunan chicken, Wong Jo chicken, sizzling rice soup, beef with broccoli, Mongolian beef, but most importantly, IMPERIAL THREE DELIGHTS SPICY. Used to be tom running the show but now it's Henry, he has even brought the food to my car when picking up with the kids. They have never gotten an order wrong and I have never had a bad meal. Wongs is a staple in our family. Lunch special is amazing too. Cheap, tons of delicious food. It got me through college while at ASU. I LOVE WONGS!
5	My family and I have been coming here for the last 16 yrs. their salt and pepper pork is one of their best dishes! Best Chinese food ever!!!
5	In Tempe visiting my son...had a taste for some Good Chinese Food...found this place..and had a very Enjoyable Dinner food was Great and Service was Excellent
3	Living in the Valley of the Sun, the Asian population is not concentrated while spread out throughout the valley, so getting really good authentic Chinese food is a challenge.  Long ago, I think Wong's was owned by, run by and the cooks were all Chinese.We haven't been to Wong's in years and now I realize why.  The owner is still Chinese, but the servers/waiters and cooks are all Mexican.  The food didn't taste too bad, and was okay, but on the level of Panda Express.  We like Panda Express, but the food was pricey for being on the level of Panda Express.The Mexicans that served us were nice.  Nothing wrong with their service and they did everything they could to accommodate us.  We went with my mom who generously treated us.  But, my mom is very discriminatory and you could see the sour look on her Chinese face as she really didn't want to eat Chinese food made by Mexicans.My Colombian husband (I asked him) asked the waiter who was cooking the food in Spanish.  The guy said Mexicans.  That greatly displeased my mom and nothing could make her happy.  Throughout the time, she made all sorts of rude comments to no fault of the Mexican waiters/servers.  Even though they said they were taught how to properly cook the food, it still didn't taste authentic enough.  However, if you like more Americanized Chinese food, the food is perfectly fine.  I do think that $7.75 for 6 potstickers is a bit on the pricey side, though.  Most of the dishes were starting at $8 going up, which I think is a little pricey for not authentic Chinese.The menu said Sea Bass is seasonal, but it is not a seasonal fish, so I'm not sure what that meant, other than we can charge you whatever we feel like.The only part of service that wasn't too good was the Chinese owner.  He never smiled or acknowledged us until my mom went to pay.  He did say thank you to her, but he never looked at her in the eyes.My mom commented that if you want authentic Chinese, it must be made my Chinese cooks.  If you want really good Mexican food, you want Mexicans who know what they're doing cooking your food.  I don't know, maybe that's old school and I don't know that I totally agree with that, but authentic Chinese doesn't taste like Panda Express.Anyway, my mom complained throughout dinner, nitpicking.  The food was alright.  Nothing great, nothing bad.  Service was good.  So, if you have an old schooled Chinese mom or dad, you really don't want to take them to this place.  If you have some white friends who have not a clue authentic Chinese, this might be okay.  However, I think the owner should greet his customers instead of looking at them with disdane.Sometimes Asians can be quite difficult to please.  My mom would probably give a 1 star, but I'm feeling generous tonight.
2	I came in for lunch on a friend's recommendation and should have walked out after seeing the dingy interior. I sat down and was presented with hot tea, which was nice, and decided on the moo shi (not shoo) pork lunch special. The egg drop soup was good but the moo shi pork was saltier than usual. The worst part of the meal, warranting 2 stars, was the rice. I asked the waiter what kind of rice it was a he had no idea; the rice is brown but not brown rice, it also doesn't taste like fried rice, I venture to guess it's leftover Rice A Roni. I guess I won't be coming back.
5	Wong's Place is easily my favorite Chinese in the Valley. The owners are such gracious hosts, and the food is absolutely delicious! I usually get the salt and pepper pork and the Mongolian beef, but have sampled other menu items all of which have exceeded my expectations. Definitely a place to try out, you'll end up coming back for more!!
3	If you're looking for traditional egg drop soup, do NOT go here. I would have never expected to have to ask whether or not there was meat in their egg drop soup as I have never ever seen it made with pieces of meat in it. They apparently make it with big chunks of chicken. Giving a "neutral" review since I couldn't eat anything I ordered and will be eating $1 top ramen instead for dinner.
4	I have been coming here since 1995. I have to admit I'm not a big trainees food person I only order a couple items and the items that I ordered were always good.. I always get their spare ribs the most amount of meat on a rib that I ever had in any Chinese Restaurant.also the  General Tso's chicken and the sweet and sour pork are very good I would have gave the five but the interior is very drab and dull Eddie needs a makeover....
5	Best chinese I've have in the valley, hands down.  The egg rolls are absolutely to die for and their quality of their food and their excellent service keeps us coming back regularly.  I never leave reviews on yelp, but I had to create an account to give these guys props.
5	Food is delicious and authentic. My favorites are the salt & pepper shrimp, and of course the seafood tofu soup. The owner Henry is very nice and his team provide great customer service. Wong's is a small hole in the wall restaurant worth checking out.
1	I'm beginning to think Yelpers in Arizona have been so deprived of good ethnic food that they think every mediocre hole in the wall is worthy of 4-5 stars. On the plus side, the owner is a kindly old gent, my waiter was very attentive, and their prices are low.  Unfortunately, the food (I had a chicken dish) was just really fair at best. The spare ribs were AWFUL and nothing at all like Chinese pork! The ribs were brown meat cooked in a salty brown sauce that tasted like eating burned pot roast and some parts were too tough to chew. The hot and sour soup was just lame, barely tangy and no pork thrown in for flavor. I really think Panda Express is a lot better than this.
4	A hidden gem in Tempe offering a tasty variety of popular and authentic Chinese dishes. Prompt and courteous service in this small, understated location.
1	Was at this place two years ago and it was one of  my favorite . However on this day we had been waiting for the order when off the side I noticed a big ass cockroach on the wall. No big deal it wasn't in my food . Week later I ordered to go and just as I was finishing off my rice I saw one big antenna from one bis ass ..... Yes cockroach.... I am sorry to say I still have a hard time with rice. But not from this place. It is much too bad because I loved this place. I hope that the owners have rectified this......
5	Wong's has been a family favorite for years! The service is exceptional, you always have a fresh pot of hot tea, and two menus for different tastes! There is a big round table for family functions that spins so everyone can spin the table to teach their favorites! I love Wong's!
5	We absolutely love Wong's. This was our first tine here and are hooked. The food is cooked too order and was super fresh. For $34 we had four egg rolls, Wong jo chicken, Mongolian beef, and house deluxe fried rice. What a steal for a dinner for two! Definitely repeat customers.
5	Been coming here for 4 or so years for one reason...  The hunan chicken,  it's friggen delicious.  Will be a returning customers for as long as they are around.   Great service and atmosphere as well!
5	Easily our Friday night family spot.. it is not fancy, it's not glamorous but the food is good and with good portions.
5	My family and I love this place. Its kinda a hole in the wall, but the food is spot on. Service is so-so, but you look past it when you start eating. First Chinese place we love since moving to the state. We have tried a ot too!!
2	Not a very good first impression. My water came in a glass that had very obvious lipstick stains on the it and my spoon had stains that showed someone had recently used it to stir tea or coffee. There are two menus a blue one which is given to "Asians" and a pink one which is given to everyone else. Ask for the blue if you want "more Asian" choices.I had Egg Flower Soup, Egg Rolls and Singapore Style Rice Noodles and added chicken , only comes with pork. Soup was good, egg rolls were typical buy they frozen throw they in the deep fryer and server them soggy and greasy. The Singapore noodles weren't bad and they weren't great either. Not enough curry or spice oils, so not enough heat. This is supposed to be a spicey dish. It also seemed very dry, did not seem like the meats were cooked fresh and I was the first customer in the door for lunch so being early May be a drawback if they start prepping too early.By comparison, Wong's Jr. In Peoria, this same dish (can be served how you want from mild to spice) comes with a great mixture of shrimp, pork, egg and snow peas. The price is the same and I think Wong Jr. Portion are bigger.I guess if I was in the area again I would eat here again, but thoroughly check for dirty silverware and glasses before you drink or eat.
