1	Was not feeling well yesterday so I ordered some food online for delivery from Chang Jiang.  Originally I though I had enough cash to pay for the order but realized as I was finishing my online order I'd have to pay by credit card.  I took the $23 and threw on the table next to the door so I could tip in cash. When the guy delivered,BTW he was in my neighbors driveway about 2 feet into his lawn, I grabbed what I though was a $3 tip.  Woke up this morning and realized that I had given him $23 instead of 3.  I forgot to remove the $20 bill when I handed him the cash. I didn't look at it, like I said, I was sick.  I called this morning to and began the conversation with him like this " Hi, you delivered food to me yesterday on ____ St. and I think I may have mistakenly given you too much for the tip.  He started yelling in to the phone that I gave him a $3 tip not a $23 dollar tip.  He was ranting and raving.  The weird part is that I had not even said the amount I though I had mistakingly tipped him. I was talking calmly and he was ranting that I also had stolen his pen from him(a 20 cent pen!)  Why would someone react like that to a simple inquiry??I was not accusatory, I was simply inquiring.  And then for him to say he wanted to come over and pick up the pen I had taken from him? WTF?  Ever heard of Karma dude?
3	Solid option.  I live on the east side and delivery is limited.  Chang Jiang is not the greatest place out there, but it is decent.  They have online ordering or over the phone.  They deliver in blizzards and on Sundays.  They also regularly send out coupons.They have a huge menu!  Their appetizers are lacking, there are only about 8 options which include the usual crab rangoon, egg rolls and soup.  I generally order their orange chicken or their General Tsao's chicken.  All of their meals come with fried rice (unless otherwise noted) or you can substitute.  I love my food VERY spicy and they always amp it up when I request that.  They make it exactly how I like it.  Overall flavors are decent.  They sauce can sometimes be overpowering to the point where you can not tell the different between veggies and meat in your container.  The portions are inconsistent.  They had switched containers for awhile and portions got smaller.  Then all of a sudden we are back to big containers!  It is not a big deal, I still got a ton of food.  Basically this is a typical/standard Chinese food place.
3	Wow, this place is so hit or miss. I'm honestly just not sure what I'll be getting for delivery each time I order (the same thing). They must have a different person cooking the stuff every single time because nothing ever comes to me the same as the last. I have had some great General Tso's here, and I have had some horrible way too spicy un eatable Tso's here. It's just so confusing.I enjoy the lunch special the best. Most lunch specials are around $4.99 and come with fried rice (or white/just ask) and a egg roll. Great! It's enough food for a second meal for most. Who can beat that? Pretty much anything and everything is offered under this lunch special as well. What a deal!Great egg rolls, Very good Rangoon! Awesome soups! Yet...like I said, you can't expect the same dish every time. It's a surprise to what quality of food will end up in front of you. Pretty quick delivery (usually around 25-30 minutes). Good sesame chicken, orange chicken, beef and broccoli.
