5	I use them at my 223 unit property and they are wonderful. Very timely and the best prices around! You simply cannot beat them!
5	I contacted this company on the recommendation from a friend. I spoke to Leonard when I called about my heat not working. He came over early in the morning while I was still asleep, and hopped on the roof and checked it out. He found the problem right away and took off to get the part. Although I slept through it, I was always kept informed via text message or voice mail. He came by the next day, swapped the part, problem solved! Fast forward seven months: a/c not working. Call Leonard and his son, Levi, came by the same day. This time it was another simple fix, done quickly and professionally. Winter again, heater kaput. This is a very old unit, mind you. Levi came out to have a look. He told me he could try cleaning out the unit, but it is labor intensive (therefore, not cheap) and may not even help, ultimately it needed to be replaced. This was in late February and since he was familiar with the history, I asked if he expected the a/c to still work. He said yes, so I decided to wait it out. A/C finally crapped out in August, so I called the guys, they got me a new unit, installed an additional return for better efficiency, and even helped with financing. I had them take care of a couple plumbing issues, too. These are wonderful, caring, HONEST, professional men. Very clean and respectful. Job well done!
5	Just the best. Bought a new heat pump and  had it installed the same day. Have used this company for plumbing and a/c and always very pleased with the work. Leonard, Levi and crew are just the best.
5	Thank you so much for your prompt, professional and great service for our shower install...my remodel project was on hold until you showed up to save the day!  I will definitely contact you first for any future needs...Tony and Trevor were a pleasure to work with!
5	Thank you Levi! We called on a Sunday at 5:15 p.m. Levi got here at 6:45 p.m. He was AWESOME! Fixed our air (thank you!) within 10 minutes and the cost was BEYOND reasonable!  No after hours or weekend trip charge. No service fee at all. THANK YOU Frederick and Sons, LLC. I will definitely recommend you for all A/C work. Plus, Levi was super cute and sweet!
