5	I went and saw Josh Wolf (comedian) at the Showroom at South Point last night and I really liked the venue.The Showroom is located very close to the Box office, and it is all black on the outside.  (I did not see any signs directing you towards the Showroom so I had to ask)The venue is set up with tables and booths, all of which are comfortable and perfect for a comedy show.  There are waitresses that walk around serving during the show or there is a bar inside that you go and purchase your poison for the night.Overall, I would definitely come here again for another event.  I know they hold a many comedy shows and dancing in this room.
4	I've been to the showroom for three shows.  Tonight I was there to see Davy Jones of the Monkees.  I really like this showroom.  It's a very comfortable place with good sight lines from anywhere in the showroom.  Prices are on three levels and they are relatively inexpensive.  There are three types of seating at each price level - classic long tables seating eight or ten people, half on each side, booths, and round tables that seat 4 people.  Even from the cheapest seats in the rear of the theatre, the distance to the stage is not great so sitting in the cheapest seats is OK.  Also, there are two large screens, one on each side of the stage, so you can have a close up view of the performer.One nice touch is that there are bathrooms in the showroom.  You don't have people coming in and out with casino noise coming into the room.  Also, there's a bar in the theatre in addition to waitress service.It's a very nice venue!
5	Last night, the wife and I danced to the sounds of the Spazmatics.  I love the showroom at South Point.  There's normally sufficient seating, but we arrived after the band started playing, and the place was packed.  No problem, we grabbed a drink sipped it down a smidge, and headed out to the dance floor.  The Showroom has a nice sized dance floor, right in front of the band.  The band played mostly hits from the 80's, songs that were easy to recognize, and almost all with a decent dance beat. To summarize, I was able to keep rhythm at least 75% of the time (the other 25% was not the fault of the band or the establishment).So, for $5 a head, you get a live band, an excellent dance floor, drink specials (Coors light for $2), and a great time.  Doors open at 10:00 p.m. and the band plays at 10:30 p.m.  The Showroom takes reservations, so you don't have to be like me, permanently stranded on the dance floor with no table.
4	I have seen four performers at South Point, three stand-up comics and a music concert (Kathleen Madigan, Henry Cho, John Caparulo and Tower of Power). There isn't a bad seat in the place, and the acoustics are good. The staff are among the most helpful and friendly I've run into anywhere. They seem genuinely interested in making sure that you have a good time. The cocktail staff can get a bit frazzled when the place is full and they have a lot of orders (maybe a bit understaffed in that area). Overall a place I enjoy going.
5	The annual Futurity event was cool. It was a horse and cattle competition. So many cowboys and cowgirls. Yeeehah.There was some good vendors upstairs too.
4	Definitely worth checking out if you're looking to get your cheesy 80's on w/ the Spazmatics!  Doesn't matter what you're wearing or what you look like as long as you're having a fun time.  Let's get crazy?! :)
4	We're locals and live in the  neighborhood, so we go to the Showroom a lot to watch shows, especially Yellow Brick Road and Spazmatics.  The Showroom is nice.  There really isn't a bad place to sit and there's a large dance floor and two bars.  You can call and reserve a table or both and it doesn't cost anything.  The folks there are also very nice.  Here's the issue I have and the reason I didn't go 5 stars...It takes FOREVER to get a drink from the waitresses.  I know it can get busy in there sometimes but the wait time is ridiculous.  I've gone to the bar, bought rounds and been back to the table TWICE, before the waitress has returned to the table.  We will still return, as the shows are fun and the pro's outweigh the con's.
4	A very intimate showroom because of the closeness of the stage to the seats. I sat in the best section, which was $55 vs. the lowest ticket of $45. For 10 bucks why not sit closer? The drinks were pretty cheap as well. I saw Diamond Rio here and I am in no way a country fan but because of the crowd's energy I absolutely had a good time.I missed where this place was at first. It is right next to the parking lot entrance near the restaurants. You could miss it by just walking in and moving forward. The ceiling is really cool too, it looks like the night sky with lots of stars. Lighting and sound quality were above average as well. Only downsides are the tables are shared by everyone and it can feel a little cramped. As people are moving around they may bump into your seat. Otherwise, there is little else that could be conceived as a knock on this venue's rating. 4/5
5	As far as I'm concerned this is the best place to see a comedy show!Boyfriend and I have seen John Caparulo and Ralphie May here and had a blast both times. The venue is small, which is ideal for comedy. Even in the cheap seats, you can clearly see the comedian's face, which is usually an important part of their set. There are 3 price points for 3 areas of seating. Long, cafeteria-style tables in front, semi-circular booths and round tables in the mid and semi-circle booths in the back. We haven't sat in front because it seems like such a weird setup. The tables are faced short end to stage, so you have to turn your chair to face front. When half the fun is seeing the people around you laugh, it's weird to have to face away from them. I recommend the booths in the mid or back. They're comfy, intimate and face forward. For the tickets for most things being as cheap as they are, there's just not a good reason to try this place out!
4	I've seen a number of comedy shows here, and this venue offers a great value. Most shows are not more than $25, and drink prices were reasonable last time I was there ($5 for wine). Servers were always available to take drink orders, and there's also a bar. Seating varies by price, and the tables on the floor are typical weird showroom seating- Some of the seats face away from the stage. Booths, which are more comfortable, are also available. I recommend the Showroom as an alternative to pricier Strip comedy clubs, where you won't find $15 tickets or $5 drinks. Bonus-If you're a member of the South Point player's club, you may receive 2 for 1 offers for the Showroom.
5	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! The smaller scale room brings in an ambiance of loud, exciting, intimate showroom. The full bar inside served just about every kind of drink you want and even had cheap beer. The staff was friendly and it was quick and easy to get in the joint even though there was a line of about 30 people. I was shocked that this place was not packed. For the smokers there is an ashtray on every table! For the nonsmokers don't be alarmed as it was not bad as the place has a great fan system. As I said I was surprised that it was not packed and sold out. We saw Yellow Brick Road and let me tell you it was only a 5 dollar cover charge to watch a band that should go mainstream. Yes, they only played cover songs all night but the 2 hour show was excellent! Some of the classic rock songs they played I had to remember that this is a cover band not the real thing. The dance floor was hoping with a large mix of people, the light show inside made me feel that I paid for a $100 concert but like I said it was only 5 bucks. Beers were only 2 bucks if you choose the beer that is discounted. It was Coors from the tap which is not that bad. They also had 2 dollar shots!!! The seating in the showroom is pretty cool too. They have King booths and long tables with padded chairs. We started at a long table since we were with a group of seven but we ended up in a King Booth and let me tell you that's the place to sit.When it comes to entertainment in Las Vegas it is never cheap and typically when its cheap it sucks and that is not true for the South Point showroom. This is the best place to go and have a great time with out hurting your wallet. I'm now in the search to see a comedy show here. I can only imagine the craziness it would be as the comedian is so close to the crowd that he will most likely rip into people. From the looks of it they have some mainstream shows here all the time. Easy to get to and this is a 5 star venue!
4	Living in Vegas some of the best acts in the world pass through, that is not to say that they are the cheapest or most affordable shows to see but we definitely have options. Well the weekend of Oct, 4th being my birthday weekend, I wanted to keep it somewhat low key. Grab some friends go get dinner and then go do something else, maybe bowling or something to pass some time. After much deliberation by the jury of friends we settled on seeing Yellow Brick Road at the South Point and that is when it all began.After dinner and a few drinks..... Well okay maybe a few more than a few drinks we headed over to the theater where Yellow Brick Road plays and my wife had some of the south point fun books ( for those that don't know it is a coupon book for the hotel/casino ) inside was free admission for 2 to any of the South Point's shows so this show was on the house!! Please do not assume that by this show being on the house that this review is tainted because it is not. The showroom itself is not Mandalay bay but it is very nice and has great acoustics, from what I recall. The smaller showroom comes complete with a full bar staffed by super friendly bartenders that help to make the overall experience enjoyable. Now back the show itself. Even if you pay the $5 to get in this is a great show, working in the bar scene as security I have had to listen to my fair share of cover bands, good and bad and well really bad. At moments throughout this show I would completely forget that I was listening to a cover band. They played everything from Boston, to Led Zep. and many other classics that will take you back. This is definitely now in my arsenal for those Friday nights with nothing do to and not wanting to spend to much cash. Totally worth it and great job by the South Point to bring these guys in to Rock the joint.
4	I follow the Yellow Brook Road. On Friday night it led me to the South Point Show Room/ Malibu Club (from this point on referred to as the South Point Show Room)  A show room is as good as the entertainment. When classic rock tribute band Yellow Brick Road performs on Friday night from 10:30 into midnight, the South Point Showroom rocks.   A $5 cover charge gets you into the South Point Showroom. The price is worth it taking into consideration that it buys you great entertainment and the beer is inexpensive. The show room is decent size. The majority of the tables, which are long tables and booths (mostly reserved) sit at a higher elevation. So, if you sit in a booth or toward the front of the table, $5 gets you a good view of the Yellow Brick Road show.  Here are some reasons, I am a fan of the South Point Showroom and Yellow Brick Road performance I saw on Friday night:* Excellent violin solo and harmonies in "Dust in the Wind."* If I was blindfolded, I would think I was listening to the actual "Kashmir" record.*Their performance of "Running With the Devil" gives me the impression that Van Hallen might have their next singer if they split from David Lee Roth.*Excellent drummer. Greatly enjoyed the Zeppelin style drum solo leading into "Over the Hills & Far Away."*First-rate performance on Zeppelin Two material.*Excellent range of songs from "Hot for Teacher" to Pink Floyd's "Time.".*Great horn solo on "Urgent."*Every band member is super talented.*Overall first-rate musicianship and entertainment.*Sound level just right*Large dance floor by the stage.*I love classic rock*And inexpensive beer.
4	This property is exactly what you expect. It's full of older slot and bingo players who smoke like urban favtories.  But the showroom gets a really good lineup of comedians for very good prices.  The waitresses inside the showroom aren't the most effective, so we order two drinks each at the beginning of the show.  Greats shows for a gtrat price.  You can call the rest "ambiance".
4	It has the decor of a cruise ship lounge circa late 80's, however I can forgive the ugly interior because of the great deal we got to see a headlining comedian this last weekend. We managed to score fifteen dollar seats for a wonderful two hour stand-up show. They were the cheap seats, but even the cheap seats are good in this small venue. Plus, we were spitting distance from the bar. Score!In addition to the comedy, my favorite 80's cover band, The Spazmatics, plays here every Saturday night. Unfortunately, we had other plans, but had we wanted to go, our hotel guest coupon booklet would have given us free entry to the show. Again, amazing deal.
3	The Spazmatics were not bad. The venue itself had decent seating options and a restroom by the bar. Not having to leave the music to use the restroom is a plus in my book.
2	Showroom at South Point is an interesting joint, I went here for a post Yelp UYE to see the Spazmatics. We bought VIP ticket for $10 with 2 free drinks and a private booth, which is a good deal. However, you get what you pay for. The VIP line was the last one to go into the theater, the show started at 10:30 and we got in around 10:45. The Spazmatics are good, but I wasn't their target audience. The drink orders took between 30-45 minutes, and they are really watered down. VIP booths are much closer to the stage and the dance floor. Overall (2/5), VIP tickets are only worth it if you're gonna drink.
3	Simple decor (reminds me of something from the 80s). Sat center at first row but we were the 4th seat back from stage (about as close as is comfortable). Saw Rob Schneider and felt close to the action. They have several bars inside (no outside booze allowed).
