4	Being that Surprise is a pretty new and up and coming community, this modest little Aquatic Center is new, clean and perfect for the community it serves. It has a little bit of everything for everyone of every age. Water slides, fountains and wading area, a real (small) whirlpool, a large lap pool, and two spring boards and deep pool for diving.After swimming in my in-laws pool every day for 5 days, coming here was a nice change of pace for the whole family. Never mind every day was either 105 - 116 degrees and our private swimming pool temperature never went below 92 degrees so. This aquatic parks water was just perfect and COOLING. I'd definitely come back here  if I'm crazy enough to visit AZ in the middle of July again.Pros:-Clean, affordable, something for everyone-The little whirl pool that whips kids around in a circle. Good fun albeit crowded-Can bring outside food (although sign says you can't). Just be discreet and put it in a bag, but some folks walked in with coolers???-the shallow baby/toddler area-big lap pool to just mellow out when the kiddie area gets too crowded-shady bleacher area-lots of parking (no shade tho)-snack barCons:-Can get crowded / lack of shady areas so grab what you can!-That covered waterslide is SUPER whippy! I suggest you lay all the way down to avoid banging your head on the last turn before you hit water.
5	I was here last week volunteering for the Special Olympics.  It's not your average community pool. The Aquatic Center is huge, clean, and beautiful.  They have a nice kids swimming area, lap lanes, diving boards, and few tube water slides.  They have plenty of parking spaces.  It is located nearby the Surprise Library.  If it wasn't so far away, I would come back for a swim.
4	My toddler and i just completed the Mommy and Me Toddler B class and boy did we have fun! The teacher was very professional and fun and very welcoming to the kids. The pool and the surrounding area were super clean. I wish there was more shade and I wish that it wasn't quite so expensive for non-residents but the classes were worth it.  The Mommy and Me classes were meant to introduce children 18 mo-3 years old to the water, learn basic paddling, kicking, how to pull themselves out of the pool, how to float on their backs, etc. There was supposed to be 1 day where we talked about CPR but the teacher just gave us a handout and told us about compressions. There was no actual instruction or demonstration about basic CPR and I think that would have been important to receive. For me, that keeps this at 4 stars versus 5 because it was an advertised portion of the class that I felt wasn't fulfilled. I do recommend these classes and the pool really is beautiful. With a great wading area, slides, diving boards, and lots of opportunity for instruction, teams, and socialization for kids there is something for every age group. I did provide this feedback to the aquatic center and the rec department so hopefully they will make adjustments from there.
