3	Finally there's Indian Cuisine in the Southwest part of the Valley.  Opened April 2009, and looks promising to me.  Located on the Northeast corner of McDowell & Litchfield.  Contemporary atmosphere, nice stylish square plates, but limited seating.Very nice menu with traditional Indian favorites, plus some of the uncommon items that I've found in cities (such as Chicago) that offer more diversity in Indian cuisine.  For example, I don't normally see Bhindi Masala, Mushroom Palak, and my favorite - Bombay Aloo (beautiful cumin seed spiced potatoes).  Tandoori breads are reasonably priced, which is certainly a change from the norm in the West Valley.  Again the menu offers more diversity - Garlic Roti, Gobi Parantha, Paneer Naan, in addition to the usual favorites.  They're all rather small and circular, flat/thin like tortillas though which isn't too exciting.There are about 10 appetizers to choose from, which is a nice change from the West valley competition which offers just a couple, or only offers them on Saturday and Sunday afternoons.Prices overall are quite reasonable.  Open 7 days a week, 11-2:30 for lunch, and dinner 4:30 to 10pm.  Buffet offered 4-5 main course entrees to choose from, with choice of bread, and vegetable pakoras were a tasty appetizer.Only complaint is that the staff/owners have a heavy accent and it was difficult to communicate at times.  For ethnic cuisine, though, is this such a flaw?
4	We've been twice for the buffet. We are happy to report that Sutra has one of the tastiest and most diverse Indian buffets in town. Favorites include Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Pakoras. Diners are given a choice of plain or garlic naan. It's not all raves and applause - The bismati rice was a bit over or undercooked (crunchy) on my last visit, and on both occasions the owner's long-winded chit-chat actually kept us from enjoying our lunch while it was still piping hot. Still, as far as Indian restuarants in the valley go, this one is tops. We hope Sutra, opened in April 2009, will be a fixture in Goodyear. We don't want to go back to driving to Glendale or Tempe to find decent (or meh) Indian cusine!
5	I must say, I am a picky about my Indian food.  When this place came to Goodyear, I was stoked.  I have been driving over to Bell Road to satisfy cravings for Indian and that was for mediocre satisfaction.  I'm always a bit worried to fall in love with a restaurant, especially in this area, as most are gone within two years...but I did.  I have been to Sutra seven times now and every single time I think "God I hope this place makes it".  This restaurant has climbed to my top three favorite Indian restaurants.  The food is nothing short of amazing.  Each time, a bit different, but always very good.  The buffet is my favorite b/c I like to try all of the flavors.  They have five vegetarian entrees and three or four meat dishes.  There is nothing on the buffet that I wouldn't eat again.  The Tikka Masala sauce is rich and flavorful and is spiced just right.  The Palak Paneer (they call it something else) is also wonderful.  The service has improved since opening and the "son" is very professional and is johnny on the spot.  My drink never went below 1/3 full and I can get in and out in 30 minutes if I need to.   It's the "father" who cooks and I think the recipes he has brought to this restaurant are truly unique.  If you love indian food, or even if you don't, please check this gem out.   And in response to another's comment on seating...it's a nice modern place, well decorated and there is plenty of seating even at noon sharp.  When they first opened they were slammed, but things have settled down to normal business now.  They also have a full bar with some very interesting wine selections.  I take everyone I know there just so they can experience truly excellent Indian food.
3	Yum! Living in Laveen, there are not a ton of indian places to visit, unless you want to take a little trip! The BF and I were looking for something different, something we don't normally have. After a little bit of yelping, we found this place. Neither one of us have had indian food, and yelpers seemed to like here, so we thought we'd give it a shot! Although Urban Spoon gives completely opposite reviews, we decide, eh why not?? I'm super glad we braved it out, because everything was real good. The BF asked what my favorite dish was, and I didn't have an immediate response to this question, one bit. Food was great, I really liked the flavors. Everything we ordered seemed to be tomato based as everything had a redish color. I don't know if this is typical indian food or not, but it could be. Anytime the BF and I try something out, we normally order 3-4 things to try out and of course end up taking a bunch home, but I think it's only fair to us, and to the restaurant in order for us all to get a feel for each other. I wish I had a pen and pad so I can say what we had, but I'll try to describe as much as possible. We had a lamb dish that was served in a tomato sauce with potatoes, and I ended up calling this my favorite. Come to think of it this is actually the only one I didn't know. I know it was in the Lamb section of the menu towards the bottom. Then we went with the Chicken Something Masala (they have a regular masala, and we went with the one with 3 words, haha), it was very good too, little bit oily, and the chicken to me was very dry, almost flakey. Then we went with the Beef Curry just in case we didn't like the other too, this dish was real good too. We ordered this with a side of rice, which was fantastic! I loved the rice, its basamati rice, was very fluffy and light. I loved that the rice didn't take over my whole meal and fill me up before I could enjoy each dish (sauce, is more what i'd call it, considering you really need the rice) All in all, we'll definitely go back here, I guess until we actually try another indian spot on our way home from work or something. The place is small, they had cute plates, a little bar, that seems as if it will grow if the people come! I can see upgrading the stars with time, and experience!...oh yeah, those 3 things, plus the rice came to just under $35, so definitely sweet on the pocket!
4	Delicious Indian food, as good as the dhabas in India and Los Angeles!  My family was so excited to see this place open.  I do hope it makes it!  Go there and try for yourself.  You will find amazing food, great service, and a Television for your sports viewing pleasure.  They also have a full bar, which is an added plus.  My fellow Goodyear/Avondale peeps - get out of the chains and support this local gem!
5	After spending many years living in Silicon Valley, I couldn't wait for an Indian restaurant to open up in the West Valley. It's hard to list a favorite because I loved everything I tried...Garlic Naan, Shrimp Vindaloo, Curry Chicken, Karahi Lamb, etc.. Don't forget to try the Mango Lassi and Kheer if you have a sweet tooth. They're family owned and operated and all great people. I love the decor and ambiance. And I can't wait to try their lunch buffet and their beers from India.
5	One word: WOW! Having moved to Buckeye after years of living in Boston, MA, I have been suffering miserably without my weekly fix of indian food. This place is not just great, but better than most indian restaurants i have tried in downtown Phoenix. I really hope this place stays afloat. As vegetarians, my boyfriend and I ordered the Mushroom Bhajii and the Beingan Bertha (sorry for any misspellings!). Both were *excellent*. We also had the vegetable pakora and garlic naan and everything was equally as good. Waitstaff were super nice and friendly and genuinely concerned about how we liked our food. We went on a Sunday night and there were lots of diners, though still plenty of seating. It's a great size, and I really enjoyed the music. Very non-descript location in a shopping plaza, but then what would Arizona be without that? Check this place out, you will not be disappointed. I plan to return again and again and again...very excited!
4	Just got home from here. My first time eating Indian! I am quite happy, it will stick with me like Thai food, I will crave it at least weekly now. The only part I wasn't impressed with was the Chicken Biryani , it tasted like rice-a-roni a little, it smelled like heaven though. We had Garlic Naan and another chicken dish (but I can't remember the name :( it was very good! I had the mango lassi, very good! They also brought us what the owner called "Indian doughnuts", they were like wet doughnut holes, very good, but very sweet. I could only eat one. I am going to go for the buffet next time, so I can try a little of everything. I recommend trying it! They may not make it, we were the only ones in there the whole time we ate! I hope more people go, it is worth it!
4	It was the first time for my husband and I to try Indian cuisine.  We both liked it very much.  Yes, we will be coming back to this place!!We ordered the Non-Veg Assorted Snack (Seesh Kebab, Fish Pakoras & Chicken Pakoras) for an appertizer.  The Seesh Kebab was minced lamb mixed with spcies cooked on skeker in clay oven, not like the normal kebab you think it is.  The taste was different, not my cup of tea.  But the fish and chicken Parkora was very good.For our entrees ordered up a Karahi Lamb-Boti Masala (boneless tansoori lamb in a tomatoe and butter gravy) and Chicken Biryani (basmati rice with chicken cooked with nuts, herbs, raisins, and spices).  The Karahi Lamb dish was served as medium and the Chicken Biryani was served as mild.  The lamd dish was too HOT for me (but then I am a super lightweight), but the flavor was good.  I loved my Chicken Biryani, the aromatic rice, herb, and spices was just wonderful to smell and taste.  The waitress suggested the Garlic Naan bread.  It was like a pita with small chunks of garlic and herb.  It was very tasty too.  We got to chatting with the owners.  They were very patience to explain what everything was and give us different sauces to try (cucumber yogurt, minty cream, etc.) with our dishes.  They also brought out a sample of the Kheer (rice pudding), my husband inhaled it.  He loved it!
4	Yes! So happy to find Indian food in the southwest part of the valley! Went here for the lunch buffet - good selection of vegetarian and non vegetarian options. My favorite was the chicken tikka masala - really flavorful and tender - I was able to cut through it with a fork. I'll definitely be back!
4	Okay, it almost seems a shame to burst the bubble of the positive reviews of this place, but I just have to. I'm not an Indian food expert, but I am a serious enthusiast and I've eaten at dozens of Indian places on three continents, not to mention my family being from the vicinity of that area of the world and therefore having grown up on curry and rice and all things spice.We went here for lunch yesterday (Sunday), thanks to a Yelp/Aloqa recommendation after we'd had a romp at Estrella Mountain Park and were starving. The place was almost deserted at 1pm, with only one other table occupied - fair enough. We went for the buffet. And I have to say, it was simply "okay". The buffet didn't have a particularly wide variety of stuff - several items were cheap regulars such as the saag and the dhal - spinach and lentils for the uninitiated. They did have aloo zucchini, never seen that before - tasted okay, about as good as I'd have been able to make it (and that's actually not a compliment). No lamb dishes - disappointing, but unfortunately this is also rare.Flavorwise, I found it boring and unspectacular. Saag is saag, tandoori chicken is tandoori chicken, except their chicken was very light on the tandoori smoke flavour. None of the food left the slight zing on my tongue that it should have. Rice was okay, but then you typically can't go wrong with cooking basmati (although another reviewer's mileage apparently differed on this count). We had our almost-3-year-old along and he did have a little rice, chicken and beef - it was his first real curry and thus a pretty substantial milestone for us. Then the wife went to get a little kheer and a gulab jamun ball. The kheer was watery but tasted okay - compared unfavourably to the sabudaana kheer at India Palace. The jamun ball was almost completely solid - you had to press real hard with a fork to cut it, normally they're nice and soft and soaked. However, another one I got was normal - so it was just the luck of the draw there. Beef curry was nice, although the first piece I ate was mainly fat - whatever, you get that and I don't mind it. The fried pakoras can normally be cut through with a fork. These you had to saw through with a knife - not great, chewy to the point of almost being crunchy. No samosas in the buffet. The naan was unusual. I've had a LOT of naan before and this stuff was the uncommon kind, not thick and pita-ey but instead a little more like a roti. It tasted very fresh - we had plain and also garlic - and the wife really liked it. Kid did too. I personally prefer the other sort of naan - softer and a little more substance to it, but this one had merit regardless. However, it took at least fifteen minutes after our food was served before the naan arrived.All up, middle of the road as far as I'm concerned, although the wife quite liked it. Note that this is for the buffet only - we did not have a-la-carte and perhaps the to-order cooked food may have tasted better. I've had better buffets - the best one in Phoenix west of the 17 IMO is India Palace - a wider variety, a lot busier (as a result, I'm sure) and more flavourful food. Admittedly, I haven't tried any other Indian places south of Bell but west of the 17 except for Sutra. Bell appears to have most of them?I would normally have given this place a flat three stars, but I'm going to give it an extra half and round up for a few reasons. Firstly, the waiter was real nice and very attentive - up to the standard of a typical US chain place, rather than the silent wanderers with the Easter Island statue facial expressions at other buffets who do no more than refill your water and clear your dirty dishes every fifteen minutes or so. He was asking us how we were doing, offered refills of my wife's iced tea at appropriate times etc. Spot on. Next, there's a buffet discount where all kids under 10 are $5 - however, we noticed that they appropriately knocked the price down to $3.50 for us, unbidden and I guess for the simple reason that he was set up in a high chair and obviously only ate 1/4 of a breakfast bowl worth of food in total. Third, the place had nice decor (although I was a bit concerned there were no tablecloths, with my kid banging his plastic sippy cup and spilling sh1t all over the tabletop) and thankfully they didn't have sh1tapple wudda-wudda-waa-waa pretentious bhangra muzak playing in a cheap attempt at making you feel like you're actually in India.I'd eat here again, but only if I'm in the area and DYING for Indian food. It simply didn't measure up, either buffet-wise or flavour-wise. For first-timers, I can see how they would have enjoyed the experience - clean seating area, Americanized flavours and a good waiter. My experience, however, has been burned in over almost four decades and I've kicked the tyres of more cuisines from this area of the world than I can recount, especially Indian. Three and a half, rounded up to four, Seacrest out.
3	This review is for the buffet. Typical buffet food. I had saag, bombay potatoes, tandoori chicken, curry chicken and pakoras. I think they must leave out the spices for the buffet in case first timers come in. The saag was good, but it wasn't anything special. Bombay potatoes were just meh, This was however, the first Indian buffet I have been to where the tandoori chicken was not dry as a bone. It was actually juicy. Props for keeping the bones in the curry chicken, although there seemed to be more bone than meat. And the pakoras, bleh. I ordered a roti and a parantha. It was the weirdest roti I had ever seen. I am going to agree with Dean-Ryan S and say it looked like a mix of roti and naan. It wasn't horrible though. The parantha on the other hand was dry and almost burned. I was there by myself and the young guy and older woman were both very friendly. At first the guy was making conversation with me keeping me entertained but then he went in the back. I'd return perhaps for dinner. But since I don't live here I doubt that will happen.
5	Best Indian restaurant I've been to in forever. I was spoiled by the great places in England. Sutra is as good if not better. Great flavors and use of spices. Super friendly staff. Extensive menu. If you are in the vicinity you've got to check this place out!
1	We stopped by for our first experience of Indian food a little more then a week ago.  There was only my husband and I and one other couple in the whole place.  The one waiter spent the entire time talking to the other couple.  We ordered drinks that we never actually received.  At the suggestion of our waiter who was friendly in the few minutes he actually spent speaking with us, we had the buffet. It seemed very very bland.  I was really excited to try Indian food because I'd heard such wonderful things about the flavors.  We will be trying Indian food again, but never from here.
3	My wife and I LOVE us some good Curry!  We went here on a double date and I like the cafe type atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the restaurant for the first 20 min.  The food was pretty good.  Warning, these guys are serious about spicy.  Medium is a normal person's hot and hot is, "wow I'm gonna feel that tomorrow kind of hot."The Chicken seemed really fatty to me and not cooked enough for my tastes but I like my chicken well done.  Since its the only real Indian place on the West Side we'll probably go there again.
5	I was running errands and hungry, so I stopped in to get some lunch.  Oh my goodness everything in the lunch buffet was AMAZING! I am new to indian food, but I love it! This place is great!
3	Sutra here sits in a large shopping center, & I would describe it as a stylish, mid-sized cafe.  There's a full bar, which features several special wines, plus 24 beer varieties, along with the usual well drinks.The salad bar had the expected chopped lettuce, sliced tomatoes, cucumbers, purple onions & the chopped salsa-like topping mix, the name of which escapes me.  There were also lemon slices (cut the right direction!), & chunks of cantaloupe.The Naan bread was warm but plain, & there were mostly the usual dishes, including Chicken Tikki Masala, & Tandoori Chicken.  Something I hadn't seen before was Egg Burgy (minced, curried egg with onion?).  Whatever it was, it was good.  For me, though, there was nothing particularly exciting about this place.  Having both medium and large plates out was a nice touch, & the matronly server lady was friendly & attentive.The Lunch Buffet is $8.95, & it's "A-OK"!
5	I won't write too much, but tonight was the second time I've visited this restaurant, and it's now 2 for 2 on positive experiences.  Both times I've eaten here, I placed a takeout order for dinner (no experience with the buffet).   Like so many of the quality restaurants in the Valley, Sutra is tucked away in a strip mall, behind a McDonalds and doesn't jump out at you.  The food has been incredible both times (this time I took Rahul's advice and tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and Palak Paneer...awesome).  My first visit was several months back and my fiance and I ordered two different chicken curry dishes (can't remember which, but they were both delicious).  I will say that the naan wasn't the best I've ever had, but that's honestly the only thing that wasn't above average.  I'll update my review if I ever decide to try the buffet or dine-in, but I have yet to be disappointed.  Before I close though, I must offer one last comment.  I've never experienced such a personable and polite staff, particularly with to-go orders.  On my first visit, I was helped by an elder woman and the second time by a younger gent, who I think was her son.  They both independently asked me if I had been in before and both sent me away with a sweet rice pudding for dessert, free of charge.  I'll definitely be back...I just hope the West Valley citizens frequent this restaurant enough to keep them in business because like I mentioned, it's an easy place to miss, and if you like Indian food, you don't want to lose Sutra!
2	It's just OK. I've lived in India and would have to say this is an American version of Indian food.  Otherwise, I guess it would be quite tasty had I not visited India. Probably would not re-visit, nor recommend.
1	Attempted to have dinner here tonight (9/9/2010) but appears they were closed.  No signs confirming, but 630pm on a Thursday and not open makes one think they are gone.  - If I find this to be in error I will remove this review/comment.  We chose to go to India Garden on Dysart instead.
