4	Located in Whole Foods shopping area on the SW corner of Scottsdale Rd. & Mayo.  Great selection of luxury watches including Breitling, with friendly staff to accommodate.  Not too pushy, and very patient with my viewing of the watches.  They sponsor many upscale public functions in the area and surprisingly some of their staff remembered me.
5	These guys ROCK!  When you enter this store and see the overwhelming beauty of all the jewels displayed before you, you immediately assume pretense, but there isn't any.  This is a group of guys who love great, quality stuff, and are eager to help.They have GORGEOUS jewelry for women.  And they carry some very unusual lines, like NightRider...very manly...for men.  Actually, once you get to know them, you know that all of them are manly men.  So there is this incredible irony that I just love!I attended a Girls Night Out event last night, and it was amazing!  I highly recommend the upcoming Fast Times, Fast Cars event for men!
5	I have had the oppertunity to work with these jewlers a couple of times, whether picking out my wedding ring or returning a pearl necklace that my parents bought me they are always five star!  The service is excellent.  I never feel pressured when trying on the same ring for the third year in a row...(still waiting on my hubby to come around on that one!) or guilty for returning something I got as a gift and just didn't like.  They returned it, no questions asked and gave me store credit on the balance.I love going to their x-mas parties which always have great food and a fun enviroment, plus you can win free stuff!
5	These people possess the wow factor!!  Decided after reading about the Knight Rider jewelry in the local paper(I am not the type for that jewelry nor do I know anyone who is) I thought I would take some watches in for batteries and I had a new watch which needed links removed. The store is gorgeous with lots of hershey's chocolates around to help you when you are shopping.  The jewelry is displayed wonderfully.  Anyway I asked how much are batteries and the cost of taking out links and they answered "Nothing!!!"  I responded I never heard of such a thing.  Hamra jewelers charged me $30.00 to remove links, that is why I ask now and why I would never go to Hamra again---tomorrow I may be presented with a bill---I will gladly pay for the service given---if the bill turns out to be exhorbitant you will hear from me, but these people are wonderful (so far!) Beautiful jewelry!!
1	These guys have been horrible. I wanted a ring from knight rider they suggested we go to the other store.. (didn't bother offering to get it in) so we decided on another ring. i will not name names, but "she" had to order it from germany. she never touched base with me, i had to call and email several times before she ever got back to me with updates. finally, i get the ring 2 months later and it's the wrong ring. they discontinued the one she ordered and sent her a one that was like it. really? no one told you it was this had been discontinued SIX months ago? so then i make a deal for the knight rider ring that i went in to purchase orginally... again, the contact and coorespondence is horrible. i sent over my CC information to purchase the ring 4 days ago, still haven't heard back. i'm SO frustrated. i will never use these guys again. I DO appreciate the fact that "she" tried to make up for the debacle by getting me a great price on the knight rider ring.. but to be honest, this was supposed to be an anniversary present for 2 months ago. my spouse has no idea what's going on with her ring.. it's just been horrible. i asked around and got really bad reviews from random people. i guess i should have asked around before i went to shop there.
4	great customer service, big selection, but don't look for any jade, they have none
5	As good as it gets! Great customer service. Beautiful store with amazing selection. Low pressure. Highly recommend. If you are considering selling jewelry, ask for Zack. He is a consumate,patient professional.
5	Absolutely the best in AZ. Owner is always available and the readily take care of customer. I have referred all my coworkers. No complaints from anyone.
1	I typically only write reviews when I have a really good experience somewhere or really bad....  Ganem Jewelers has quite possibly the worst customer service!  I found a ring that I liked in their store and inquired about having a similar ring custom made with a few modifications.  John Eckert told me he would follow up with the manufacturer as well as Ganem's designer and get back to me with pricing info etc.  Not only did he neglect to call me back, I called him 4 times over a 2 week period and he never even returned my phone calls.  With this kind of customer service, they are going to have a hard time staying in business.  Needless to say, I took my business elsewhere.
5	This place is amazing and simply exceeded my expectations!   I was looking for a very particular Montblanc pen last weekend for my son's birthday and called ahead.  They offered to set it aside for me.  When I arrived, the same person I spoke to (forgot her name) was very happy to help me.  She offered to gift wrap, gave me a discount, and didn't pressure me into buying anything else.  This employee was so easy to do business with...I will certainly return there for my next jewelry or Montblanc purchases!
1	Very disappointed. Customer service was very poor, they did not communicate properly throughout this whole ordeal.   It took 3 months to have my Rolex cleaned, they had misled me in the price by saying they would take care of the chipped crystal, clean and repair if needed, as this was a special gift from my now deceased husband. They cleaned it for 500 dollars but the crystal was still chipped She said the jeweler said I did not ok the fix?? That was the reason I brought it in? They told me they would get the person that repaired it, and of course a young lady stepped in and really did not know anything about what was going on...So, I went through 3 different sales people and no one had a clue as to what was to be done. Oh, of course I paid in full and left confused! They had also repaired a necklace prior to the rolex and I thought they had done a nice job, only to have it break within a few months of repair. When I brought it in to show her the necklace she came back with a very unprofessional, we will only honor this once and you can't have another warranty??? Um, never asked for a warranty just wanted it fixed! She asked me how old the necklace was and if I wore it a lot? Its a necklace of course I wear it. I am very careful with what I have a it is not "dimestore" quality.. Certainly, still upset and can't figure out what just happened....feel ripped off!!
5	I love these guys. Ganem treats you like royalty whether you're a hotshot professional athlete or an unknown retiree. They are just as nice whether you spend $200 or $20,000. They replaced my husband's high-end watch battery for free when we first moved to Scottsdale, AZ, 2.5 years ago, with no hassle about buying a whole "tune-up" (as always happened in Austin, TX). Needless to say, we were devoted customers from that moment forward. They're happy to see us whether we're buying or browsing, and we feel the same way about them. They have beautiful jewels, as well as pearls, watches, and some artistically interesting but moderately priced lines from Europe. If you want something for a particular reason, they'll order it. And there always seems to be chocolate for the customers somewhere in there. It's nice to trade with a locally owned business that treats you right and does not nickel and dime you to death. For all your jewelry needs in Scottsdale or Phoenix metro, make this your first stop.
5	My wife and I have been customers of Ganem Jewelers since about 2000.  Manny, who worked at the now-closed Tempe location was awesome!  Now our go-to guy is James Schreiner at the Ray Road location in Ahwatukee.  James is friendly, to-the-point, patient, knowledgeable, and fun to work with.  He is a no-pressure guy who helps you choose something in the store that you will really enjoy.  We are customers for life.
5	I went into Ganem yesterday to look at some watches. I have a thing with jewelry stores because they tend to be really snobby. But within a few seconds of entering I was greeted, and asked if I needed any help. I told them I was just looking around for a watch.  I don't like to be followed around the store like a thug either.  Once I found what I liked they took the watch out of the case and let me try it on. I liked the watch. I was only in for a few minutes bc I had stopped at the bank next door (convenient) :-). Anyway, I went back in today and decided to buy it. They treated me with respect, they were courteous and laid back. I have been to other jewelers that weren't so nice. So, I can say when I decide to buy more jewelry in the future, this is where I will come. One other point that played a part was that I found out it was a local family business. I would rather support them than a corporate chain at the mall.  Only bad part, I don't have a credit card that has miles other wise I probably could have had a free airline ticket to San Diego. :-)
5	Went to this store several times to look at their Tag Heuer watches. The people here were very helpful, and did what they said when they said they were going to. Ended up getting the watch as a surprise gift so I didn't purchase from Ganem but would have otherwise. I went in with my Tag to get it sized and they did it for free, even though I didn't purchase from them. My next watch I am definitely going to get from them because of their stellar customer service. Would highly recommend this store.
5	Stopped by this morning and was greeted by a gentleman as soon as I entered the store. I inquired about getting my ring finger sized and he quickly brought out all the different sizes of rings. I tried on a 5 and it was snug and perfect. I would def come back!
5	More than helpful, they helped me out tremendously fitting my watch that I did not even buy there.  I can only imagine how they would be if you purchased jewelry from them.  If I have to purchase jewelry in the future, Ganem would be a great place.
