3	Amongst all of the hustle and bustle of over-the-top Las Vegas there is a nice down to earth wine bar hidden in an unlikely location. Located in the Masquerade Village at the Rio Hotel, The Wine Cellar & Tasting Room offers a classic old world wine experience for those looking to unwind and relax over a quality glass of wine. As you walk downstairs from the casino floor to the "Wine Cellar" you are instantly removed from the bright lights and noise of Vegas and enter into a quiet relaxed environment enclosed in rustic rock tile and brick archways.Showcasing around 50,000 bottles, valued at more than $10 million, there is sure to be something on the menu that catches your interest. Or once you have your glass spend some time wandering around taking in some of the rare museum pieces located on site, including a bottle of 1800 Madeira from the cellar of Thomas Jefferson. If you're in the mood for some California cult or other very collectible wines then you're in luck because that's exactly what The Wine Cellar caters to. With more than 100 wines by the glass you're also free to sip here and there until finding that true gem. The professional wine stewards on sight have no problem offering up a taste before committing to a full glass pour. If you feel like some munchies then pair your wine with a multitude of cheese options, served with a basket of freshly baked bread.Even though they claim to be Las Vegas's most famous wine bar and retail shop I would have had no idea that it was even there unless I happen to glance at a small sign in the parking lot of the Rio convention center with the magical words "Wine Bar". And to my astonishment this wasn't like your traditional Vegas cool & contemporary swanky hang-out but instead a nice classic wine bar. Of course the prices are still on par with the rest of Vegas the atmosphere can't be beet if you're looking to escape and savor a glass of wine as you unwind from a days worth of sight seeing or are looking to start the night off.
4	I went to the Wine Cellar as part of a group from my job. This is the kind of environment I really enjoy- beautiful colors, warm lighting, quality furniture, leather and wood- I'd love a room in my house to look like this!  I enjoyed looking through the old collection of wines and finding ones bottled the years my parents were born (1930s).  We enjoyed a couple of different wines (I'm not much of a drinker) and some nice hors d'oeuvres.  Because this was an event hosted by my job, I have no idea about pricing.  All I know is that I would love to come back and curl up with a magazine or two in one of those nice, cozy chairs.
5	Besides shopping, this is my favorite place to relax & unwind in LV.  They have a ginormous list of flights ranging from reds to whites to sparkling wines, to dessert wines, to every other category you can think of.  I really like the ambiance & the near silence, which is surprising since it's close to the casino area.  The assortment of wines for purchasing is so extensive that I get lost looking through the many racks of wines.  The prices are very reasonable as well. This place is definitely a must see if you love wine, like me!
4	This was really a cute little place.  I popped in here and had a couple flight tastings of wines one night, when I was waiting for my dinner reservation.clean, well rounded wine list. knowledageble staff - and a great enviorment - going to put it back on que for this next trip.
4	This is a nice little hidden (literally) gem!  Even the RIO employee I talked to wasn't sure how I could get there. I eventually found the elevator, and really enjoyed my time.  I had an excellent flight of four red wines and some snacks to go along.  The bartender was really nice and knowledgeable. The only problem is that I don't get out to the RIO very often.
5	This place is a nice change of pace from your typical Vegas bar.  Its downstairs from the Masquerade Village and can be hard to find.  Once you're downstairs, it looks like a genuine wine cellar.  They've got jazz music playing and you can easily have a conversation in there.  It's such a 180 from whats going on upstairs.  They have a wine shop with a wide variety of wines by the bottle and of course a wine bar.   I recommend getting a flight  as their pours are very very very generous.  The bartenders are very friendly but also give you your space.  Overall, its a nice hideaway and much better than that wine bar at Mandalay Bay.
2	Yeah, this place is a nice change of pace from the flashing lights and bustle of Vegas.  None of that made a difference though because the service sucked ass.  I was hopeful at first.  You walk down a spiral staircase into a dimly lit, spacious, and pleasantly calm wine bar with comfy couches and chairs.  There were maybe four other patrons, and we were immediately greeted and given a menu by a friendly staff member.  Unfortunately, she was apparently the only one working.  We settled on two flights after about 5 minutes of looking at the menu.  And then we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  The employee was literally passing back and forth in front of us, not looking at us and busy . . .doing what?  I don't know what she was doing, but she couldn't possibly have been THAT busy because there were only 6 people in the entire bar.  It literally took us a good 30 minutes before even being able to order.After ordering, we waited more.  And longer.  And more.  At this point, I was about ready to guzzle down my wine and go to one of the normal bars where at least you are given booze quickly when you order it.  Oh, and the wine list wasn't impressive either.
5	Others have mentioned in detail the ambience and decor so I'll focus on the service and what I ate and drank.  Shout out to nice conventioners in for a convention show (don't ask)  who shared tastes and provided conversation before heading for sushi.The menu is organized with wine flights, cheese flights and various appetizers.  They have recommended pairings but I wouldn't be afraid to order the food according to your own ideas if you know your own palate.I won't attempt to drill down too much into the individual wines since everyone has such different palates.  Half the fun of this place is learning about everyone's different likes, dislikes and food bigotries.Started with flight 5 Grassy Fields and Flight 1 Fresh Cheese.  Cheese was served with sliced baguette french bread.    Cheese was good but nothing wowed me.  Enjoyed the Frogs Leap Sauvignon Blanc, Craggy Fields S.B. was just ok, Surprised by the Compte LeFond Sancerre!  Not usually a big Sancerre fan but this one won me over.Mentioned to our server that I liked stilton and she produced some to try next.  It was delicious and worked perfectly with the red wines we ordered (Frei Bros Merlot, Grgich Zinfandel, Atardi Tempranillo Rioja).Had some grapes, cheese and the reds and was in heaven.The Rioja was easily the best wine I tried and inspired me to order some extra Manchego cheese to pair it with...YUM.At this point the entire bar was covered with wine glasses, cheese and smiling happy customers.Servers here are knowledgeable and friendly.  They were happy to let us relax and joined in conversation when they weren't serving other customers.Overall made it one memorable evening and it was a happy stroll back to the Palms on a Monday evening in Las Vegas.
5	Thought this place was a great detour from the usual "Vegas" nightlife.  Not very crowded when we were there, had our choice of sitting at the bar or choosing comfy couches.  Server was helpful, we each order a couple wine flights and split a cheese flight with salami and bread.Delicious but pricey, but then again arn't all wine bars?  Would go back it was a nice start to the evening before we went to see a show on the strip.Loved the decor and looking at all the really old wines in the cellar.
4	Quite simply, one of the best places to drink a bottle of wine in Vegas. The staff is a bit snobby, but in my opinion, every wine drinker should be a little snobby considering some of the prices for a good bottle of wine. The tricky thing is knowing when this place is open, considering the drive from the Strip (unless you happen to be staying at the Rio).Other than that, it's got a great atmosphere and a great bottle selection.
4	I just have to say....I want this place at my house! Hah....I really wish I had tried the Cheese Plate....my friends were raving about it the other night....and knowing me with the love of anything cheese, I know I would have asked for a trough of the stuff lol....But you won't be disappointed with the selection of wines....not sure if it's the largest selection in the world, but it does have a nice ring to it when you mention it to your friends...When you enter you have to go down a short flight of stairs...really great atmosphere, comforting energy....great customer service....they really catered to our every needs....I would have loved to try out more of the wines....we only ordered a bottle tween the three of us, but it was quite good...If you love a good wine and are willing to be a bit adventurous....try the Wine Cellar =P
5	If you are looking for a comfortable place to go enjoy some good wines, this would be an excellent choice. The Wine Cellar at The Rio is a good place to stop in for drinks either before of after going to dinner in Vegas and has become one of our regular stops when we go to Vegas.The Wine Cellar is located downstairs from the Masquerade Village in the The RIO. You really need to look for it to find it. The Wine Cellar keeps the noise from the casino floor to a minimum so you can sit and enjoy your wine.Once you get downstairs, you'll find yourself inside an actual wine cellar where you can either sit at the bar or plop yourself down in one of the several couches they have there. There is a wide variety to choose from. You can order wine by the glass or if you're up for experimenting a little, one of the several wine flights they have.We trusually get the flights when we visit there. Surprisingly, we found the prices pretty reasonable and the pours rather generous.There is a limited menu of cheese and snacks if you want a little something to nibble on with your wine.The servers are pretty friendly and knowledgeable and are always willing to make some suggestions if you are having trouble picking out a wine.
4	Great place.  I love the way they have flights set up so you can try several different wines within a particular style.My wife had Flight 5, Grassy Fields.  This consists of 3 different Sauvignon Blancs.  I had Flight 16, Planes Trains and Cabs.  This consists of 3 different Cabernets.We also ordered a cheese plate which compliments the wine nicely.  Our server was Lita.  She was very fun and easy to talk to and enhanced our experience greatly.
4	This was a great spot. Service was great and they had a great wine selection. Just didn't like that it was inside Rio.
2	I'm torn here... There were some things about this place that I really liked (the wine and cheese), and others that I disliked enough that I will never return (the atmosphere)... Upon first descending we thought "this place does look like a napa cellar, how cool"!  A couple of cowboys warned us that the service was slow as molasses, so after a while of waiting at our table we decided what we want and approached the sommelier.  We ordered two flights, and he helped us pick out some cheese to accompany.During this process, "it" started... The reason for which I will never return... The show.  The Rio show where gals and guys in skimpy outfits ride around on a float on the main floor with blaring overplayed pop music. It was loud - REALLY LOUD - down in the "wine cellar".  The engineers/architects/managers/designers that came up with the concept of a wine cellar in the Rio missed a CRUCIAL aspect that absolutely ruins the atmosphere.  They should have installed sound proof doors at the entrance.  Imagine standing in a winery and all of a sudden they start blaring cheesy pop music so loudly you can't talk.  Yeah.  You would leave.  ASAP.  We were out for a birthday celebration so we stayed, but this turned a pleasant evening where we were willing to drop some dough into an "if it weren't for this, we would like this place" kind of evening. Maybe they only do the show certain nights, then it would be worth going on off nights.We switched tables to another part of the area where it was a bit more shielded from chaos above, and giggled at the absurdity and discomfort.  After our wine and cheese was delivered (along with a very nice bread basket), the wait staff was relatively attentive, and friendly when we did talk with them (although remarkably absent for only one other table present on a Saturday night).  The wines were wonderful, the cheese accompaniment was delightful and exactly what we were hoping for... But, I will not return.  If I wanted to yell at my friend while drinking, I'd just hop up to Voodoo instead of the Cellar.
3	Great space that just makes you feel comfortable and you're surrounded by wine which is never bad.  My largest issues with The Wine Cellar are its lack of food (although the cheese & salami they do have is excellent) and lack of any reasonably priced wine bottles.  This place is definitely focused on doing tasting flights of wine along with some cheese and when you're talking about flights it's normal to charge a higher markup due to the small tasting portions.  However, the bottle list is focused on aged wine with exorbitant markups and there is very little under $100 which is really what most people would be looking for.  Did I enjoy my expensive time at The Wine Cellar with a group of friends?  Yes.  Will I be back?  I doubt it.
4	excellent selections of wine flights, amusingly named. assorted cheese tastings to accompany.--wine cellar fridges are a delight to explore; filled with mid-'80s french reds in magnums and double magnums. paradise just a pane of glass away. (does a yelp review count as pre-meditation?)--delightful barman loves wines and loves to talk about them with you.--"sparkling" flight a refreshing pick-me-up after some hours of crap shoots--soft cheese selection with dried fruit and--basketfuls of salty if spongey thick-sliced bread#even sitting at the bar, the casino's throng of never-ending C-major-chord dinging relents not
5	The Wine Cellar is a hidden gem at the Rio in Vegas. Located at the lower level of the Rio, the wine cellar is dressed up just like a sophisticated wine cellar or basement should be. Several little areas in a cool space surrounded by a magnificent selection of wine.  We sat in a little corner specifically set up for a group of 4 or less. We tried 4 diff kinds of wine flights complimented by an excellent assortment of cheese, fruit, and cured meat. Our server, Jose, has apparently been there for 15 years and the experience showed. Great advice on the wine and did a great job of creating the cheese and meat tray for us. Exceptional time and will come back here next time for sure.
4	Excellent experience! We had great service and delicious drinks. I hada flight of bubbles and the BF had a glass of Pinot Noir. We also hadsome cheeses, which come in good-sized portions and have suggestedwine pairings listed.  Huge selection of wines and cheeses. This placewas the best part about the Rio. My flight, one glass of Pinot and three cheeses came out to $130 with tip, so I'm dinging it a star for being spendy.
5	The Wine Cellar at the Rio is in the lower level in the carnival wing. Down the winding stairs, to a wine basement with room for private parties as well as a long bar where we sat at the end.  Waitress was very helpful with our selections and you have an option of multiple flights of wine and multiple flights of cheese, and orders of homemade Salami 2 Oz's each per order. 3 Flights chosen.  1. The Pinot Noir flight which was two good wines and two pass wines.  The Chardonnay flight had 3 wines all excellent and the Cabernet flight $70.00 was 3 Cabernets and 1 huge Boudreaux.  Really generous pours considering the price of the wines.  We had 1 cheese flight which our sever allowed us to substitute some other cheeses into the brie / blue cheese flight and 1 order of homemade salami was plentiful and excellent. Complimentary baskets of bread were provided as well.   I have to say I love wine tasting and this is unique in Las Vegas.  Good value on all the flights with great pours and our server was knowledgeable and very nice and helpful. If you're in or near the Rio make this a stop!!! I loved it.
5	Wine flights were great!  Nice pour too.  I've always wanted to try this place and am very glad I did!
4	Great selection of wine.Staff is friendly and helpfulThe Som is a amazing man to speak with.
5	Well worth the trip! Great wines, great cheese selection. Perfect get away from the strip!
3	This place is EXPENSIVE!!! For a flight (3 wines, 2 oz each), you could buy a whole bottle of wine!  Most of the flights were in the $20-30 range and some were even over $60!  I realize this is Vegas but damn!!!  I had a bubbles flight for about $22 which was okay but nothing to write home about.  The best part about this place is it's awesome location. It's actually a cellar and very cold which was a respite from the heat of the summer.  They also have an extensive collection of wine which is fun to peruse if you're a wine nerd ;)
5	Nice wine cellar. Enjoyed an improv magic show by the Amazing Brian. Great selection of pinot noirs on the tasting menu. Awesome experience would definitely come back!
5	This place is amazing for some wine and cheese. Love the atmosphere and viewing the $1,000+ wines they have on display. Really good.
4	This place is awesome for wine lovers. They have different wine flights and some insane cheese to go along with it.
5	I highly recommend this place if you are beginning to enjoy wines or a wine connoisseur. They have various flights from $30 to about $60. Also, their bread, cheese, salami, olives, oven roasted tomatoes, dried fruits, and nuts are a great accompaniment with the wines. They have bottles as cheap as $10 to collections in the thousands of dollars if you are interested in buying wine. The service from Jose was fantastic and amazing! Thank you Jose!
5	LOVED!!  Was one of the best parts of our trip and we go to Vegas often.  We have been wanting to try for year and our expectations were exceeded.  Can't wait to go back and try other flights.  Highly recommend!!
5	The wine cells was my favorite part of the Rio hotel. It took me a minute to find the entrance, which is located near the small Rio stage in the masquerade area of the casino. Descend the winding, wrought iron stair case down to the cellar. There is a feeling of being removed from the rest of the casino. Another reviewer mentioned that they could still hear the band upstairs. It was quite quiet during my visit, but with no band playing, this may have been good timing.The bar tender greeted me warmly. The offer flights of wine, either red or white. Each of the three glasses had a decent sized pour. The prices vary from $19 to higher, one of the most reasonable options in Vegas. They also have cheese plates with dried fruit and bread to nibble on. The bar tender was able to make suggestions based on personal preference.I highly recommend checking out the Wine Cellar and Tasting Room.
4	Everything was perfect except for the noise level. The band mixed with the flair bartenders was awful in the cellar. They really need to build more walls or something to help block the sound upstairs. The server Jose was nice also. He was knowledgeable of the wines. The cheese was very delicious also.
