5	Best gryos in Pittsburgh in a little shop with a lot of Pittsburgh flavor! Potomac is street parking with meters, so it can be a little hit or miss sometimes, but mostly its not an issue. They do delivery, always have a game on in the shop and are super friendly. :)
5	I have some errands that I run in Dormont every Monday. When I finish the errands I stop at Knossos every week to pick up a couple of Gyros to go for my girlfriend and I. It seems to be a good, old fashioned, family run business. The food is always good as is the service. It's somethng we look forward to. As a matter of fact, when I headed out the door last Monday my sweetie remarked, "It's Knossos day, cool!"
3	I'm underwhelmed. Being a Mike & Tonys kind of girl, I was not really expecting a whole lot. But this meal left me feeling totally "meh". I've personally made better tzatziki sauce before. Their gyro meat has some flavor but it's way too salty for me. I give it a 3 purely for the fact that their staff is helpful and super nice. That always makes a difference to me. Still it is not going to be enough to make me want to go back. I'm sticking with my original choice!
4	We had food delivered to our house last night from Knossos. I tried their pierogi which I found to be quite good. Also tasty are their broccoli bites and their huge ice cream sandwiches (homemade). Very recommended!
4	Ordered the pierogie gyro, and thought that it was really good.  The gyro meat was cut fresh from the cone, and spiced very well.  The perogie was also really good. I will definitely go back and try some of their other dishes, or just to get a really good gyro again.
1	This place has THE WORST customer relations I've experienced in Pittsburgh since I moved here two months ago. My boyfriend was about to order a gyro, I was waiting for him at the table outside near the street with a drink and hotdog I had gotten elsewhere, there was absolutely no one else in their establishment. The person behind the counter then told my boyfriend that I was not welcome to sit at their outdoor seating area with him while he enjoyed his gyro. He canceled his order and we sat at the friendly place next door. Not only did Knossos lose my boyfriend's business that day, but they also lost both of us as future customers. What a petty and pathetic place.
4	Honestly, it's pretty unassuming from the outside. Inside it's a tiny greek diner, albeit some "Americanized" choices on the menu. Hello buffalo chicken gyro!But if you are craving for a fixin' of some stuffed cabbage, potato pierogies, or halushki, this is your place. And for dirt cheap too. I think our total bill was like $10. Obviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well, with the twist of the buffalo chicken one. Obviously, I'm intrigued. They also sell ice cream, which if I wasn't so full from my meal, I definitely would have indulged in!
3	Tasty
3	Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to "go out" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again.
1	Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.
1	Awful poor excuse for a gyro. Food is always soggy. Meat is pure horsec*ck. Very unfriendly staff, but what do you expect from Greek f@ggots. Will never order from here again, total trash.
