4	Holly is one of the few people I've been to in this town that can cut my fade like it is supposed to be done.  I have had so many people try to high and tight my hair or just unable to get the fade properly.  Great Clips is very reasonable for price as well as I am in every two weeks to keep my hair short.
1	Unless you get Holly to cut your hair avoid this location at all cost. She seems to be the only person in the entire place that understands she is supposed to listen to what the customer wants. I recently got my haircut there from someone other than Holly and was absolutely butchered, easily the worst haircut of my life. Not only did the "stylist" not listen to what I wanted but she was borderline argumentative. In short, if you walk into this location looking to get a haircut and Holly isn't there, just turn around and walk out.
1	Well you've really out done yourself this time Great Clips on 44th & Thomas. Thanks for the usual shitty hair cut. This time the "professional stylist" cut my hair with the wrong size clippers, but I guess I should expect that from one of the worst run franchises in America. Thanks assholes!
1	I believe her name is Shannon or Sharon not quite sure but if you can avoid her do so by all means she extremely rude. I should of known that by the way she checked me in typically you walk in they check you in ASAP I come in and wait at the counter for 2 minutes or so after she greets me waiting for her to check me in once checked in she tells me it'll be a moment or two so take a seat. After she cleans her area I'm called up next during the haircut she ask me what I do after telling her I work for a financial firm I can see her roll her eyes in the mirror. After a few minutes into the haircut I request she doesn't shave my beard jokingly I say for insulation purposes she follows up by asking if I want the hair in my ear shaved or should she leave it for insulation purposes. I also requested to not trim the hair on top of just the back and sides, did she listen? Of course not. The absolute worse haircut I've had at this establishment.
4	With all the negative reviews on Yelp about this location, I have to admit I went in expecting to not even be acknowledged even though the on line check in stated no waiting time @ 2P on a Wednesday. But to my surprise, a friendly face did greet me as soon as I walked in. She chopped my hair exactly how I wanted it. My chunky over grown home slashed bangs were no longer a mess and soon my one length hair was styled beautifully with layers. I am 6" lighter and loving it. I would definitely come back without hesitation.
3	Neat! I got my hair washed here almost two weeks ago. Yes, it's come to that. I have people wash it for me. (It's eeeeassier when you're on walking sticks.) I figured, "Hey, six bucks. Why not?"I walked in (ha), my taxi driver left .... and *then* I learned, on a chilly fall day, that blow drying my hair would run $45. (My hair goes past my shoulders.) I didn't want it styled. Just dry. As in "not sopping wet". I figured I would have to pay another ten bucks or so. But not a full blow out price. I also was not in need (or have any interest) in getting a hair cut here.Asking to self blow dry (an option back home in New York) was also a no. I was told to hold a blow dryer in a salon requires a license.Ooook.All was not lost however. The nice ladies here later realized my predicament and worked me a favor. They let me sit under the big old air dryer. The kind you use when you're getting highlights. That was pretty sweet!I have to say my hair wash was one of the most luxurious washes I've had in ages. So much so I purchased the shampoo/conditioner.I didn't catch the name of the super duper woman who washed my hair. But she's a doll. Pixie hair cut. Blond. Nicest woman ever!
1	These girls that work there are so bitchy. They were so mean to my son. So unwelcoming! I will never ever bring my family there again! I thought they can manage a trim, a fade. It's not some high fashion salon! It's a cheap hair cut place! These girls need to go back to Cosmotology!
4	My stylist was very knowledgeable. Yay, 13$/haircut!  She even knew about my natural curls & told me how that would work w/haircuts I wanted. Thanks!
