3	Filib's what can I say. If you are craving your basic Mexican taco shop this is the place! I am just excited that one has opened closer to home!Personally I love their burritos, nachos and quesadillas. Filib's is my go to place when I am hungry and need a quick meal.BTW I still do not agree with Yelp, burritos are a food group, DARN IT!
5	I am a HUGE fan of Filiberto's. I used to live 1 block away from this particular Fili-b's... I have been to numerous other locations throughout the valley and I can say with confidence, as a Filiberto's critic, that this is BY FAR the GREATEST Filiberto's on the planet! Frequent this one so much, that the staff recognize me. But all in all, Fili-b's as a whole: Great food, great prices, FAST! Next time you go, have a California Burrito, no pico, no guac, xtra sour cream for me. Gracias.
3	Food was fresh and fast. Dining area was dark and lifeless.
4	One of the better Filiberto's in terms of quality. Can't beat them for Mexican fast food. This location has a salsa bar, to boot.Recommendation: BRC - the Beans / Rice / Cheese burrito - it's not on the menu but it's a solid option. Get it with a side of guac and sour cream.Downsides to this location: no drive thru, and limited hours during the week.  24 hours Friday / Saturday.
5	Filibertos makes my favorite carne asada burritos.  This location is good.  Fast service, good food, big portions.
3	Good to have a Filibertos in S Phx., food was gud but I think their California burrito needs to taste like the ones made in mesa :)
1	Food is good but their advertisement is false. I recently purchased their 5 mini tacos with a drink for 4.99. When he rings it up it was 5.98. Really dude - 97 cents in tax on a 5 dollar meal? Turns out they are ringing up each taco at the regular price of $1.09 which comes to 5.45 not 4.99. It's a trivial amount I know but its all about principal. It says 4.99 but apparently you like to charge 5.45. And to top it all off the guy says theirs nothing he can do about it. Uh yeah how bout ringing it up for the advertised price.
1	Another Rolled taco disaster. The plan is not for me to go back to my house with my rolled tacos, wipe off the dark green guacamole (?) and have to reheat those tacos in my toaster oven to make them crispy. Dammit, your supposed to make those things crisp all over, not soggy in the middle. Also ordered a decent cheese quesadilla, but this place keeps raising its prices. This is not fast casual or Rubio's quality. This is a lowlife taco shop, charge us normal prices for your usually below average food and we won't complain and please learn how to put a frozen rolled taco into oil for the proper cooking time. Good onions on the salsa bar, but better food in NV.
2	Two stars because the food was good. Then again, I'd been craving a particular food item for a long time, so I might have been too happy finally eating it to really complain too much. The service, however, was atrocious. It took the workers several minutes to attend us even though the place was literally empty of customers. I'm not joking. One guy even passed by the cash register, looked at us (a dirty look on his face, it seemed) and just kept walking! Then, when the girl who finally came to the cash register, she didn't even bother to greet us! She just scratched her head (in a restaurant! She was in the kitchen and came out and scratched her head in front of customers! Talk about unsanitary, and rude!) and asked what we wanted. No, "Hi, welcome to Filiberto's, what can I get you?" No. All she said was, "What do you want?" Not only that, but she totally messed up ordering for us! We waited while three groups came after us, ordered, and got their meals before us, (about half an hour's wait) before one of the workers asked what our order was. Turns out, they hadn't even STARTED our order! When we finally got our food, that girl (I'm going to call her Bonquiqui cuz that's how rude she was) didn't even pause as she just plopped our food on the counter and continued scratching her head into the kitchen! No, "Sorry for making you wait" or anything like that! Any other restaurant would have given us free soda or a mini taco or something as an apology. Hell, I would have been satisfied with just a verbal apology, but Bonquiui didn't even seem to care. I bet she was angry that we interrupted her texting or whatever. All in all, the food was passable, but the people suck. They either need new management to keep Bonquiqui and her angry cook friend in line, or just get friendlier, more alert people to work there.
4	Whipped in for a burrito today.Scrumptious carne asada burrito with excellent moist texture, excellent salsa bar options!Hit the spot!THANK YOU!!Next day.....Adobada burrito.Dry and hard meat, too much salad inside.I was a bit angry. I got it to go or I would've complained.At least I had salsas.This burrro is usually juicy.April 7: Chile relleno burrito. Well done. All flavors well-represented.Relleno could've been larger.At Fiesta Burrito they put TWO rellenos.May 17: Arizona buritto. MY NEW FAVORITE.INSIDE SKINNY: Chipotle salad dressing sauce?It's the thousand island looking sauce at the salsa bar.YUMMM.
3	Much improved experience here the other night. The salsa bar was loaded up and fresh in all of its offerings. Tons of fresh cucumbers, loads of crazy good onions, free chips and three kinds of salsas. The three rolled tacos were actually crispy, but they still are using fake guac to top those off. My other order looked nice in the foam tray with compartments of rice and beans nicely separated. Both of those items were tasty enough, but the taco shell was mushy on the bottom and beef was a bit greasy. The cheese enchilada was average also. Wouldn't mind just coming in for the salsa bar, but might have gotten lucky that night entering at the right time (10pm), who knows.
3	We've been going to this Filibertos for several months.  Our old go to spot - Amado's keeps raising their prices so we said adios!  I've never eaten in the restaurant before so I don't know how the dining in ranks.  We always take it to go.We've always been happy with the food.  If you go to a place like this, you pretty much know what to expect.  I don't think people go for the atmosphere!  :)  The best thing about this place is the Mon-Thurs .99 deals.   The salsa is pretty good too!  My favorite is the pico.  Sometimes there's a long line, but we've always seen hard workers who are efficient workers.  They do get slammed though so it does tend to back up during the busy times.
5	By far the best felibertos I have ever been to. Service is amazing. The burritos are super large like the way all felibertos used to be before they made them smaller.  Awesome food specials on already super cheap prices.
5	First time at this Filiberto's. Have always had good food and decent service at the others. This one was no exception. Arrived around 7:30PM on a Sunday night and I noticed that the place was different than all the others. This place had seating for about 40-50, salsa bar, condiment bar and chips/sauce bar. Nice touch. My wife ordered the rolled taco plate with all the toppings on the side. I got the Adobado plate but with no beans (date night ya know). She enjoyed her tacos. Crispy tortillas, flavorful meat and fresh toppings. The rice was exceptional, compared to other Fili B's. My Adobado was unctuous. It was juicy and seemed to have some extra flavor that I couldn't describe. My wife took a bite and wasn't fond of it but she also couldn't describe the taste. I recommend this Filiberto's for its savory dishes, good atmosphere and efficient service.
