5	When I first began making regular trips to Edinburgh for work a few years ago, I quickly realized that one of my first priorities had to be finding a reliable pub that I could call my own. After sleepless overnight flights, spotty airplace food, and having to deal with the hassle and frustration of connecting through Heathrow, I almost always found myself in desperate need of a pint and something delicious to fill my stomach.Enter the Cambridge Bar.First recommended to me by my client's catering manager, I have since made approximately 25 return trips over the past two years: in other words, if I'm going to be in Edinburgh, I'm going to be at the Cambridge. There are some places that seem to be more than the sum of their parts, and this is definitely one of them. Are the staff friendly and accomodating? Absolutely. I can't tell you how many times I nursed a few pints over the course of hours while reading a book without a peep about having to make way for other customers. Is the food any good? You bet. While their gigantic blue cheese burger may not be the best I've ever had, it would definitely make the top three. (And what is it about the fries over there in the UK that make them so much better??) So what gives it that extra 'it' factor? Hard to say. Maybe its the fact that everyone there (both employees and customers) just seem to be having a damn good time, whether they're listening to the bartender's personal playlist or watching the latest rugby match.What I do know is that while there may be nicer places in Edinburgh, there are none better.
5	Hands down the best burger I've ever had. I have only two complaints: 1. There are so many amazingly delicious toppings available for your burger that it's nearly impossible to select! 2. I think it's a bit of a ripoff that chips aren't included. Even the haloumi burger is pretty amazing although I was a bit disappointed that the serving size of the haloumi is much smaller than it used to be and that allows the olive tapenade to be the predominant flavor. I don't think you can go wrong no matter what you order. The chips are delicious and I can't stress enough that you should definitely order some of the garlic mayo for dipping, it is worth the stinky breath that will haunt you for the rest of the day! We ended our meal by sharing the brownie with vanilla ice cream. Our waitress was happy to accommodate my request for toffee sauce to be added to the dish (and it was no charge!) and it was heaven on a plate!
4	Cambridge Bar you say? Nay says I, it be the Cambridge Burger!!!Cambridge Burger are two words that when used together around the city generate a response of "ahhh I love that place" and its fair the burgers are phenomenal.My choices have always been either Italian Beef - Burger topped with mozzarella, piles of pesto and a sharp relish or simple chciken burger - WHOLE chicken brest, mayo and lettuce!I only have one issue with this place and thats the size, its just so damn small. If you are a group and you dont book you have no chance! i have been once or twice with a friend and we ahve ended up sat at the bar which I dont mind at all given the staff have some great banter (older sister of one of the eclectic slightly wird staff in Victoria works here) and the female staff have well always been pretty hott :D!So overall all for a pint, a burger and for rugby/golf watching this place is ace.Jd = very happy man!!!
4	This place really, really hit the spot after a long day of drinking lots of beer. Sat right down and the burgers were great.  I had the BBQ Bacon, but others I was with had the Italiano, Chili, and a chicken burger.Once the burgers arrived it became quiet while all scarfed down the burgers.The chips were also quite good--and the onion rings were fantastic!
3	Went as a big group of 13 for a works do and I've left with mixed feelings. Somewhat underwhelmed by the whole experience. Good points- Well-cooked chicken burger, nicely seasoned and juicy. (Cajun Chicken)All 13 people were served their food at once and it was all hot and fresh.And everyone chomped down their burgers!Tasty onion rings, ok chips.Wide selection of beers and ales.But:I'm a cocktail girl but all they had was about 5 or 6 basic spirits and that was all. The burger bun was dry and most people only ate the bottom half, ditching the top.My bum is still aching from the rickety seat I picked. Sit on the padded bench if you can.Stressed out staff.Being part of a big group and visiting a new place makes it hard to judge properly, they did a good job getting all our food out at once, but I'm not sure I get what all the fuss and hype is about. The decor is fine, nice if you like that cosy pub feel. I can see it working on a cold winter evening.  Would I go back? Maybe, but only to see if it's any better on a quiet night where the staff were less stressed. But its more likely that I'll just go to Treacle on Broughton St.
4	I recently had my first visit to the Cambridge Bar for a Friday night meal, and was pleasantly surprised! The menu consists of a large variety of burgers, salads and yummy desserts. Burgers are absolutely massive so make sure you don't eat too much beforehand. Students can even enjoy 10% off all food, which made me a bit jealous as I'm no longer one!The bar is cosy and popular with Edinburgh locals, with the place filling up come 8oclock. So book early to avoid disappointment!The only reason I left a star off is the staff were a little slow to take our orders, though I will definitely be stopping by again. Yummmmy :)
4	Lucky enough to squeeze into here on a Saturday for lunch - we walked in about 2 minutes after opening and there were only two spots for two people available. The rest of the place was booked out which must be a good sign, I though...I ordered an Aussie burger (love beetroot and pineapple and egg.. :P)  and my eating partner ordered the special (Venison with Blue cheese). A single serving of chips and two pints of the guest ale rounded out the venture.I'm a strong believer in being able to eat a burger with your hands, it was manageable (in a way the burgers at Sygn weren't) although to be honest the Aussie dropped its guts half way through eating and I had to go the fingers and fork option :)Beef was very tasty and NEARLY as good as an Aussie burger with the lot back home :) .. very enjoyable and stuffed at completion.Chips were yumbo - crunchy and fresh. Will try Onion rings next visit.
4	I can't believe I had never been to the Cambridge Bar until last week.  What a great place!  Decent selection of beers, with even some Brooklyn Lager on tap.  Friendly crowd (although it was just before Christmas so I guess everybody is jolly at this time of the year).  I will certainly go back.
4	I knew of the Cambridge Bars reputation for burgers (which I've yet to sample) but wasn't too sure about what else would be good. Holy-moley its beer central!!It was busy when we were in but a good crowd and it was not overly noisy/crowded so we stayed for a few.I loved the huge range of beers/lagers/ale's (and ciders) on offer. Although I was strictly on the gin, having already mixed my grapes and grains, my amigo's were happy sampling the offerings, including some rarer varieties on tap. I'll definitely come back here as they do GF beer!! Yep, Estrella Dura bottled is available here which makes me v happy as I can literally head to the pub for a beer and not be the odd one out. Perfect.
1	Terrible selection of beer, staff were nothing to be desired, wouldn't return.
4	The Camembert burger at The Cambridge Bar is a savory treat. A char-grilled beef patty is accompanied by Camembert cheese, cranberry sauce, lettuce, and tomato. The burger is a sandwiched between a soft sesame seed bun, which pairs well with the cranberry sauce. Upon biting into the burger, I was reminded of a classic Thanksgiving dinner in the United States. I opted to remove the tomato and the lettuce from the burger; since I found the simple combination of beef + cranberry + cheese to be a delight (the lettuce and tomato were ruining the texture and getting in the way). I was not asked how I would like my beef cooked and I found it a little dry. Thankfully, the cranberry and melted Camembert made up for some of this dryness and I think this burger would hold up against the best Scotland has to offer.
5	Absolutely love this place! A fantastic burger, great chips and beer.Highly recommended for an easy meal!
5	Came here on Sunday for lunch and had an absolutely delicious halloumi burger, while my boyfriend had the Aussie beef burger. Whatever rumours of legendary burgers exist about the Cambridge Bar, they're all true. Both burgers were generously portioned--typical halloumi burgers feature a small slice of halloumi but this one was enormous--and well-seasoned and very, very tasty. We also had vanilla and peanut butter milkshakes were are even now making my mouth water just thinking about them. Next time I have a hankering for a burger, this is absolutely where I'd go, and I'd recommend it wholeheartedly.
3	Very friendly bar staff who were even willing to show the US Open golf in between World Cup games. Would return for sure!
5	Good food and good atmosphere.  I have been here over the years and never disappoints. Had a venison burger last night and was as good as the buffalo burger I had a year ago. I have suggested friends eat here and they too enjoyed it.  In an alley off the main part of new and this only adds to the charm. Not touristy.
5	High quality beef, fresh salad with honey mustard dressing, perfect fries, friendly (and entertaining) staff: great place for quality burgers!
