5	I love, love, love this place.  I switched from a previous office where the place always seemed to be a three ring circus.  Working together with Dr Oclair and Kate Montgomery, feels like a team.  This place is a well oiled machine!  My most recent visit with Kate Montgomery was to go over some maintenance medication concerns over health conditions she had more familariaty with, and the fact that I wanted to change, and what our next steps were.  We agreed on a change, but would do it by making sure we had the information needed to make sure the proposed choice was a good one with some additional blood tests.  She knew about the medication I wanted to switch to and provided me with well rounded information.  Unlike previous practices, this office is not change adverse, and after I explained why I wanted to change, felt we were on the same page.  This is easier said then done with most practices.  The office is a bit of a drive for me in the mornings 45 minutes which is longer than I like, but with the service received, it is so worth it.  Also unlike my previous provider, when receiving maintenance medications they provide at least 1 or 2 refills that way I'm not there additional times just to collect additional co-pays.  I feel like an empowered patient, Thanks Dr Oclair and Kate Montgomery.
1	Absolutely the worst service I have even had in my entire life.  I recently moved here from out of state and was referred to Dr. O'Clair by a coworker.  On my way to the appointment, my GPS took me in a round about way and I knew I would be late so I called ahead. The staff told me that it was not a problem.  I finally got to the office at 4:15 and was asked to sit down. After waiting for another 10 minutes, I was called up to the desk and told that I was MORE than 15 minutes late and had to reschedule my appointment. My appointment was at 4:00, so apparently they cannot tell time.  I explained that I called ahead, got lost and that I was a student who also worked part time so it was very hard for me to reschedule and  the doctor actually refused to see me. The staff was incredibly rude and should have told me not to come in the first place. I left the office in tears out of frustration and embarrassment from the way I was treated. It is clear that Dr. O'Clair has no respect for her patients...as if we have never waited 15 minutes for a doctor before.
1	Haven't been to the doctor in 5 or 6 years, so I thought I would go and get checked out.  My insurance covers preventative care 100% and I have a large deductible for sick visits.  I went, had no health complaints, and the nurse told me I was the healthiest person she had seen all day.The practice then billed a sick visit code to my insurance, which applied $130 to my deductible.  I called the billing number, explained the situation, and asked that they bill the prevantative visit code to my insurance.  The billing person told me the doctors pick the code, not the billing people, but he would check with the doctor and call me back the next day.He never called.  I left two voicemails for the billing guy, which he never returned.I appealed to my insurance, who denied because the doctor used a sick visit code.Sooo, my doctor is still sending me bills for the prevantative visit that is covered 100% by my insurance.  The office is yet to explain the "problem of medium to high severity" described is the CPT code.  The only diagnosis billed is V70.0, adult well visit.This post is probably more about the billing dept, but still makes me mad.
5	I was referred to FPS by an emergency-care physician for an MCL injury I suffered in a fall. I was seen by Dr, Francyk who immediately went to work. After an MRI and other tests, Dr. Francyk refereed me to Endurance Rehab in Phoenix. The rest is history. I've seen Dr. Francyk and his nurse Sara for more than a year now for wellness, blood pressure and cholesterol issues. The doctor and everyone at FPS has been caring, helpful and have gone the extra mile to see that I'm well taken care of.
1	They charge an annual administrative fee that is not covered by insurance.  Basically, it's like a credit card annual fee.  This year 2012 it's $60.  I'm not one to pay annual fees at my bank, on credit cards, and definitely don't want to start at my doctors office :(  It's up to you though.
1	i've been seeing dr. goldman for more than 10 yrs..  very happy with him and his staff.  about a yr or so ago, i stopped going to him.  he charged an administrative fee of yearly $35 or something ridiculous for seeing him for paperwork, etc. processing.  Really?  even couldn't be grandfathered in after i complained for being a long standing patient.  he moved from 40th & bell to camelback and i continued to see him.  i didn't ask him for more gas??!!!  i continued to make the much longer trip & nvr complained.  this took the cake.  a drs. office charging an adm fee?  argh! i have since gotten a very nice doctor around the corner i'm happy with but decided since apparently i'm still good enough for their email list and had a yelp link, i'd give my 2 cents worth!!
5	Dr. Wyse is one of the most caring doctors I have ever had.  He takes the time to listen vs. just writing on a notepad.  Dr. Wyse follows up with you very quickly and actually cares. He also goes over treatment options with you and explains options so you understand everything.  I feel very lucky to have him as my doctor.I also want to note that Carmen his Nurse/P.A. Is wonderful and give the same quality service as Dr. Wyse.
4	Finding a new doctor can be a pain. So, when I came to Family Practice Specialists I was pleasantly surprised. Each time I've gone, I've had minimal wait time - and have always been greeted with friendly receptionists and staff. I started seeing Dr. Ungar - who was friendly, comforting and extremely thorough. All things you'd want in a doctor. I've also found that this office also several doctors on staff that also specialize in other areas, including Women's care issues.  Which will turn out to be very convenient in the future. I recommend!
1	Let me preface this review:I live a healthy lifestyle, exercise regularly, don't smoke and rarely drink.  I rarely go to the doctor and visiting this practice reminded me why. I came in because I've been having trouble sleeping. I made an appointment with KATE MONTGOMERY , RN, CS, FNP.All I can say is WOW, I've never felt so judged in my life! She was down right rude! Canceled all my remaining appointments They also charge some BS annual fee not covered by insurance. I will finding another Doctor that is not so judgmental. If I were you, I would pass on this facility.
2	Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.  They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.  We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.  We will find another provider.
5	I have went to Dr. Francyk for the past few years.  He is always professional, honest and informative.  I am never rushed and he answers all of my questions.  He is a Dr. that takes his time and listens to you.  I highly recommend him.
1	Hi All, Just an update, 2/23/2013- I changed Drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another "administration fee".  Soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged.  Was forced to pay the first fee because I was a patient, trying to get the most recent fee charged last month removed since I'm not their patient- patient beware, it's like a bad late night infomercial, "How do I cancel???!"  grrrrr
1	Unfortunately, this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back.  It's sad b/c I feel the care was really great.
5	Dr. O'Clair is fabulous.  She is smart, caring, and very knowledgable.  I feel well cared for and listened to, which is very rare to find I feel today.  Plus they have in house lab, X-ray, OMT doc, and much more.  Not to mention the organized, friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!
5	I manage an Urgent Care down the street and refer patients to this office frequently. Especially the new patients in town that have had the same doctor where they came from for 15 years and are looking for a new, well rounded practice and knowledgeable team of doctors that they can trust.  I call to get feedback from them about their experience, just like I do when I refer patients to a certain Orthopedic, Urologist, ENT, Imaging Center ect.....  and all the responses I get are all pleasant,  They like the idea of having x-ray and lab services on site, unlike most PCP offices in the valley that have to send their patients to a different location to receive those services. I have not been there myself so I cant give you a personal account, but from the feedback that I get I never have any reservation in recommending Dr. Wyse and his team of doctors and staff to any patient looking for a new PCP that doesn't treat you like a number and takes his/her time to address all your concerns.
1	Well the administration fee is true and now I will not be going back.  You have got to be kidding me.  Like someone stated earlier, I pay a copay every time I go in there and they bill my insurance for anything additional they do.  This is total BS.  I thought I was going to the doctor not a gym.  The Doctors are good there, but it is soooo slow.  If you have a 10am appointment, don't expect to get in before at least 10:30am.I called and I was told this fee was to offset the cost of the Lab, EMR and Patient Portal cost.  I'm not sure what Lab they are referring to because every time I have blood drawn they send it off to some place called LabCorp.  Isn't this the cost of doing business?  So should I start deducting a set amount for the employees that work for me for the cost of internet and the payroll system we use?  I don't think so.
5	Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install, which shows me they have a very thriving practice. Good to know, in case I ever have to refer someone to a new doctor's office. This one is in a nice business/medical/professional park.
1	I've been a patient of Dr. Wyse for several years. I have always booked my appointments first thing in the morning to avoid waiting in the 'little white room' too long. After the third time of waiting over an hour after arriving at 7:30 in the morning and nothing more than a "i'm very booked" as an apology, I've decided it's best to move on and find a new family doctor. There are some rare services or individuals that are worth the extra wait. This, unfortunately, is not one of them. I find it very arrogant when anyone feels their time is more important than yours.
1	I do not recommend.
1	I have used yelp to find doctors in the past. I found a wonderful doctor through Yelp who unfortunately closed his practice. :(  I can't say strongly enough, use this Yelp review and find another doctor.  I wish I had read the reviews on this practice before I went for my first appointment. It would have saved me a lot of unnecessary stress.
1	It took me several years to find a family doctor that I could truly trust. I found Dr. Goldman about 2.5 years ago after having a severe allergic reaction and he was able to help me pin-point the cause and put me on a path to recovery.  Dr. Goldman and his nurse Maddie are truly great!I am saddened to say I am now leaving this practice because of a silly Admin fee they have now introduced along with a calling list they put their patients on to receive recorded advertising messages of medical services they provide. Really, you want me to pay $49 a month so you can send me infomercial voicemails to spend more money at your practice?!?!  I am generally a healthy person and maybe visit the doctor once or twice a year.  They already bill my insurance up the wazoo and also charge me a co-pay every visit, is that not enough?   Maybe if this doctors office was a luxurious spa, with outstanding customer service, would I consider spending a yearly fee.
