4	Personally, I'm more drawn to the unit and less to the immediate location.  Before moving to Phoenix from Chicago, I reviewed hundreds of places online and multiple places in person.  The unit I'm renting is through a condo owner and is complete with stainless steal, tile, granite, track lighting, etc.  It's an updated unit but the community is still very nice.The immediate location isn't very "walkable" (pedestrian friendly) but the Phoenix metro is so auto-centric that the only challenge would be getting home after a night out in Scottsdale or Tempe.Solid unit at a great price - bottom line
5	I have lived at Riverwalk now for about 3 years in a purchased one bedroom condo that I am still in love with!  Its about time I wrote my raving review!! About the Condos: - Both one or two bedroom condos are very spacious- Very large balconies- Outdoor storage space on the balcony- Built in bookshelves- Large windows for lots of natural light- Tall ceilings- Large tub/ shower- perfect for relaxing bubble baths- 3rd floor condos have a wood burning fireplace- Nice large tiles in the kitchen and bathrooms- large dogs and other animals are allowed- gated complex- pool and hot tub- work out facility - covered parking spot and some garages available for extra $Overall the condos are wonderful! Most condos have been upgraded with granite counter tops in the kitchen and bathroom.  Also, most of the appliances have been updated to stainless steel.  In addition to the tiles in the kitchen and bathroom, most condos have either carpet or have been upgraded to wood flooring.  In all honesty when I was first looking at these condos they are similar to the neighboring complex, Red Rox.  However, Riverwalk has larger balconies and their exterior is painted a nice neutral white and tan, compared to Red Rox, which is a red and green color and always reminds me of christmas.      In addition to the condos, I feel the location of these condos is fabulous! Located right on the border of Tempe and Phoenix; and Scottsdale is less than 5 minutes away.  Papago Park is right across the street for nice scenery, hiking and biking.  The Oakland A's baseball stadium is in walking distance for Spring Training games.  Also, the Phoenix Zoo is about a block away, next to the Botanical Gardens.  Right down the road is the Marquee Theater, the light rail, and Mill Ave.  Very easy to get anywhere you want to go from these condos!
2	This is truly sad... because it was a nice apartment before this all happen. I never had a problem here. At all. If anything broke Frank came... and we never hassled him too much because things rarely broke. I had a parking situation with another tenant but that's another story. The parking spaces are VERY close so it can be a problem if people DON'T know how to park.The problem came in when my apartment flooded... because the apartment above me flooded. She has about 2-3 inches of water and RIGHT before I went to bed one night it started... my smoke detector kept going off, and it was super annoying so I told my BF to take it down and we can call Frank in the morning. As soon as he took it down water started to come through it... that was already a huge sign and I no longer felt comfortable sleeping that night... but I was still going to try because I had to work the next morning. Soon after others started going off around the house and actually started to leak... I then called the hotline to get Frank out because something was seriously wrong and I didn't feel safe. No one would answer the hotline, I got nervous because by this time my whole apartment was leaking through whatever it could get through everything except my room and bathroom was leaking. It was so bad that bubbles started forming in my walls... anyway I called the fire department and they saw it said there was nothing they could do but we should try to call the hotline like we didn't do that before... the went upstairs to check the apartment above because we all figured it was something upstairs. They banged on the door and she came to the door, apparently she was sleeping but her living room was a mess! The fire department told me it wasn't safe to stay in my apartment that night. I knew by this time I wasn't going to get any sleep nor work tomorrow. Frank FINALLY came with some big vaccum and basically tried to blame her for the problem and vaccumed her apartment. I asked him to call the manager Joyce and he basically WOULDN'T! We then decided that we will stay at a hotel until tomorrow which is what we did. The next day she basically tried to refuse to give me another apartment saying that we needed to wait til ours was fixed again, but we went back before we talked to her and it was horrible the smell was bad and I started reading reviews online saying that the whole complex has leakage problems! I even read deeper and it just turned into a nightmare. I had to threaten to call the state before she gave me a new apartment. And get this it's smaller! But I STILL paid the same rent! She made me sign another lease for my last month and that was that. I was never late with rent, always kept to myself no problems and this is what I get. I would advise against this apartment but if it's last resort make SURE you have renters insurance and that you understand your apartment MAY flood.
