1	I used to come here often with my wife several years ago, and we decided to come back from a quick bite, as our memories of this place were pretty decent for quick and fresh americanized mexican food with decent ingredients.  Our most recent visit was anything but good.  Ingredients were marginal, 'assembly' of the food was very sloppy, and all was topped off with a baby roach at the salsa bar.Portions were absolutely huge, but I would have traded 2/3's or more of the quantity of the meal for better quality ingredients and preparation - the whole meal just looked sloppy and like a mess to me.
3	Average fast-food
4	Quick and goodIt is Baja Fresh.For Fast Mexican food, it is good.Had a chicken Burrito to eat on the road driving to Hoover Dam.$1 for a HUGE tray of fresh hot chips!
5	Made to Order Fresh Food, Fresh Ingredients, Clean Restaurant  and Friendly Staff. I eat there at least once a week. Highly Recommended. Best Mexican Fast Food. Nothing Bad on the Menu.
3	Umm, surprised there is no reveiw yet for this location!!!! O.K. anyways this Baja Fresh looks and feels like a typical Baja Fresh. You go in order, wait for them to call your order, get up and pick up your order. There is a salsa bar and you also get your own drinks. I have never felt that this location was dirty or too slow. Sometimes they get orders mixed up but hey we aren't all robots yet....I really only get excited here over the Langostino Lobster tacos-YUM!!!!Oh and I can't forget my favorite salsa- Mango Salsa-YUMM!!!!Oh and one more thing they do have good Churros-YUMMY!!!The churros are short and thick not long and skinny(sounds like I'm describing some guys at the club last night but I'm not...) Anyhow, the churros do have a bitter after taste everytime- but that hasn't stopped me from enjoying them.So yes I would and do go back to Baja Fresh for my Lobster Taco,Mango Salsa & Churro fix....
4	This is a very nice Baja Fresh...the one I normally go to is the location on Flamingo.  The Eastern location seems to be newer.  Staff is just as friendly here and the food is just as fresh.  Loved the taquitos and my husband enjoyed his summer shrimp tacos.  As always, love their chips and salsa bar!
4	Muy Bueno Mexican! Quick and tasty!!! This was my first visit to a BFMG, and I was impressed.I selected their Baja Burrito with carnitas, served "Echilado Style" (topped with cheese and red sauce).  REALLY good!  What I loved about this burrito, is that they were generous with the carnitas (compared to most fast-food Mexican places), and did not bulk up my 'rito with the usual bland and boring rice.  Came with a side of chips, which were also Enchilado Style ... Ay Caramba!!  NOM NOM NOM, Baja Fresh is DA BOMB!
2	I use to go here all the time, and I loved it! It's ok, I can't say I will be running back anytime soon. I use to crave this place.   I'm not sure what it is that has changed since the last time I've been here.I just can't put my finger on it!
4	If you want great, fresh Mexican food, stop here. I know you think it won't be as authentic as the more authentic LOOKING places, but it's right up there. My favorite go-to-must-haves are the baja style tacos (two corn tortillas) filled with a fair amount of carne asada, mild sauce (though hot is available), onions and cilantro. Just like those other places, but they are always spot on with their deliciousness. A friend used to get all of his burritos 'enchilada style' and he loved it, so I'd recommend that if you're a burrito guy or girl!I also usually order a small side of guacamole with chips, but man, the guac has a really bitter aftertaste that I can't take anymore. But definitely get the chips, they are salty and crispy and sometimes warm...mmmmmmmmm!Also, the service is quick and friendly as heck! I love these people. They are on the ball and I've never had them mess an order of mine up. Super, super nice people here!It's a little off the beaten path, buried in a strip mall, but pretty easy to find. I have loved Baja Fresh for a long time, they never disappoint!
4	Always loved Baja Fresh.  I do feel like it's a bit expensive compared to some other similar places, but I love the food here better.  I ordered the Nacho burrito enchilada style.  I always get enchilada style, it adds so much yummy flavor, and I especially like the chips covered in sauce and cheese on the side.  My burrito was huge and yummy!!  We were politely asked if we wanted some free chips while we waited for our orders.  Chips and salsa are great while you wait.
4	Baja Steak Burrito is what I get every time...  Good stuff!  I love the Mango Salsa and unlimited Pico, Hot Sauce at the salad bar.  It's located by my wife's Luxy Nail Salon.  Very convenient for me
5	50% Fast Food 50% Sit Down Quality 100% WooHoo. Let me start by saying that I am a fan of Taco Bell. Now that I have qualified this, Baja Fresh has the Bell (Yes I have had the new Taco Doritos Loco, big fan) beat by a mile for what it is. At this particular location the staff is great. Sign up on the web for a free burrito on your birthday! Yes I said FREE (did I stutter?). Tell them the Duke sent you. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Always enjoy Baja Fresh. Good menu and the food is freshly prepared. I usually always get the Baja Steak Burrito but the tacos, salads and rest of the menu are equally good.The salsa bar is great, they have a nice choice of freshly prepared salsa for topping off your meal. I like that you get a small side of chips to go with your burrito. Would much rather go to Baja Fresh than a fast food burger joint.
4	I've had their tacos before.  Never did I not like them.  Tonight I went in again after months and just snacked on the steak taco Baja style.  Yum.Came with chips and they have plenty of salsas to choose from.  Love that.  Also LOVE that they have free wi-fi.:D
4	I love this location of Baja fresh. I always go here for their chicken fajitas. The staff is extremely friendly and they keep it very clean. The condiments are usually fresh, unless if you go their during their closing time. Also, they have pretty good coupons on Baja Fresh's web site.
1	Sadly this place got me sick.. not once but twice. I decided to try it one more time more than a year later and of course I get sick again. Not sure from what particular thing that I ate. I'm disappointed because their food used to be great but now not so much. Not going back again.
5	Very good food here. The chefs work hard all day and you are able to see them prepare and cook the food which is really cool. I've come here quite often and the chefs truly do work very hard. They have a very friendly staff and everything tastes great!
1	Today out film crew ordered from this place. My salad was requested no onions per a SERIOUS allergy. My salad came with onions... So I called to explain to the manager as to why I needed a new salad. Ceaser Placed blame on our PA then hung up on me. Upon entry into the restaurant I was given dirty looks by the kitchen staff and not only did I not even get eye contact by the manager but he shoved my salad at me. Told him his attitude was wonderful and to have a great day... My salad is STILL wrong! They not only left off onions but EVERY SINGLE OTHER toppings!!!!!! I'm left with lettuce and shrimp for lunch. No money back, no customer service nothing. If this is how you allow your staff to operate I'm alarmed for this company.
2	Very nice and clean location.  Counter service was super friendly.  Sizeable salsa bar with five kinds, although I found them all to be terribly runny for my tastes.  Also watery in texture and taste, nothing was spicy or flavorful enough.  Free chips included with your meal, which is nice.  Chicken Baja bowl was boring... White rice (no brown rice available), black beans, peppers and onions.  Enchilada style pork burrito was a step up, but too much rice filler and not enough meat.  Basically very average food, don't expect to be wowed.  Should have went to Chipotle.
