1	Emeril has nothing to worry about.  I've never tasted burnt water before, but now I have.  Too bad my husband ordered it thinking he was getting seafood gumbo.  But wait!  There's More!  Ever had etouffe?  Not like this you haven't.  Imagine Campbell's Tomato Soup (with added cornstarch) poured over poor unsuspecting shrimp.  Yes, shrimp, even though I had ordered Crawfish toffe.  The shrimp tails were no clue to the waitress that she had the order wrong.  I don't even want to go into the sad excuse for a salad with Too Much Mustard, Too Much Basalmic Dressing.  Those of you who visit Las Vegas will probably not run into this off the Strip restaurant and now all Yelpers can avoid it, too.
2	The nice thing about this place is that even on a busy weekend night in Vegas, you can still find a easy place to sit for dinner.  The food however does leave something to be desired.  I ordered the lobster bisque and wasn't impressed, I was expecting way more in taste and way too skimpy on the lobster.  Their mussels were alright, nothing to call home and rave about, cooked right and the broth was decent.  Oysters were good, probably the best thing I ate that night.  For the price, food was mediocre--definitely worth eating somewhere else
4	I'm not exactly sure what sort of culinary experience the previous reviewers are accustomed to, but Landry's Seafood House is pretty strong in almost every category.  To cite an example of how pleased I am with this restaurant (and the staff!), this is the restaurant I bring [out-of-towners|dates|family] to when I want a guaranteed good meal with fairly good...predictably decent ... service.  Yes, it is rather pricey.  Having lived in the Gulf Coast for many years (unlike many of the other reviewers probably) I happen to be accustomed to a specific style of seafood restaurants, and Landry's is pretty close to delivering. The variety of seafood gumbo, in my opinion, is what I was accustomed to living in the Gulf Coast region.  The lobster bisque is a personal favorite of mine, both for quality and taste.  And, most importantly, the staff of the restaurant are professional, courteous, and at least try to be efficient.  Las Vegas seems to be devoid of the basic concepts of "good service", but not at Landry's.  The service, while not perfect, is certainly better than almost every other 4-star restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas for years.  Only Catherine's in Mesquite has better service, to my recollection, and frankly that's saying a whole lot.  Landry's is not Emeril or Pierre.  Landry's is good seafood from the Gulf Coast.
5	I've decided to upgrade my rating of Landry's Seafood House to Yelp's 5-stars ("Woohoo! As good as it gets!") for a variety of reasons:*) In my opinion, the quality of the food is very impressive. One thing I'd like to point out here is that this is Gulf Coast seafood...don't mistake it for something it is not. Someone and I discussed the Seafood Gumbo, and it was pointed out to me that the broth is too thin for the "Nawlins" experience, but I said in my "Mississippi" experience it was just right. It's good to differ about opinion. I really liked the Lobster Bisque for freshness, chunks of lobster, and flavor. I ordered a catfish/shrimp po' boy today, it came loaded on a footlong loaf of white bread, a dijon-sort of sauce, roma tomatoes, and a side of onion rings and steak fries. Big, big portion, though fair portion for the price (about twelve bucks). I've had any number of other dishes from their regular menu, including Landry's Seafood Salad, Fresh Catch Pontchertrain, etc etc. I have never had a bad experience with either the quality or the quantity of the food. Yes, it is moderately- to increasingly-expensive, but very high quality food, in my opinion.*) The iced tea is unmatched in strength and flavor.*) Fat Tire on tap. Yes, I said "Fat Tire"...On Tap.*) Very low employee turnover. By now, most of the employees I've come into contact with over the last few years actually remember me, and many remember my name. Doesn't that say something important?Very strong dessert menu.
5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" is a good description of this restaurant. Make reservations.Visitors to Las Vegas and locals alike should enjoy this restaurant. I am updating my review to reflect a few things:*) Teamwork. The staff at this particular restaurant are all working hard to work together. I witness their cooperative, collaborative service about one a month nowadays at various times of the day, and various times of the week. The management of this restaurant has done a very good job of encouraging a team-based approach to the patron's dining experience. That alone is worth 5 stars to me.*) DiversityI began to take notice of who is working at this restaurant based on a recent bad experience by a well-known franchise burger place, yea, and verily, IN THE SAME PARKING LOT of this restaurant. I have concluded that this restaurant has a fair hiring policy devoid of bias. People of all kinds work at this restaurant. And they work very, very well together, too.*) QualityEvery single element of the food I have ordered at this restaurant is top notch quality. The medium-rare ribeye is served, indeed, medium-rare. The lobster tail is prepared to the highest quality (not rubbery)...though I have to admit I still favor Capo's on Sahara when they have lobster tail on special and Joe's Crab Shack at Rainbow and Lake Mead brings a three-way tie here.*) Customer ServiceLet me be very clear here: Servers, cooks, busboys, managers, everybody here has given 100% effort every time I've visited this restaurant. On my most recent visit, the manager on duty dropped by our table to listen to my thoughts about my experience. Wow.This is a restaurant that is finely appointed in decor with staff that truly care and food that is very high quality. Details ad nauseum: I counted 3 servers handling 2 groups of 8-12, about 6 groups of 3-4 and a few scattered couples dining out together. I think there were 2 or 3 support people popping in and out of the kitchen delivering food as it was ready for serving and refilling water glasses, and 1 manager and 1 bartender. Hustle Hustle Hustle all the way around. Wonderful dessert platter, to boot.
5	I took my family here and wanted someplace more quiet that didn't have the rushed atmosphere you get at most restaurants along the strip. I did not go wrong with Landry's. I ordered the crawfish etouffee. I must say I haven't had etouffee this good outside of 'Nawlins. It was slightly different yet fully authentic. Perhaps this is the difference between Gulf Coast experience versus the New Orleans experience I read in an earlier review. The stuffed seafood mushroom appetizers are a treat as well. The bit of taste I got off my siblings' plates were all good. No complaints from anyone that day. They don't only cook seafood good, they make a decent rib-eye as well. Service was as good as it gets from a friendly, polite and thoughtful staff. Definitely worth a return trip next time I am in Vegas.
1	Let's see, $40 for crab legs that aren't fresh.  I thought I was at Red Lobster.  Won't be going back.
4	I'm only rating their happy hour menu. I haven't been here for a regular dinner/meal.Absolutley one of the best Happy Hour deals in town. $5 for a half-dozen oysters? It's twice that price at McCormick and Schmick's. The tacos were amazing and a great deal, and they had some great drink specials. The servers were friendly, and genuinely seemed to care about their customers and the establishment itself. Pretty much nothing gave any complaints, and plenty to rave about.
4	This was the location of our Valentine's Dinner and since I've never heard of this place we decided to dine here.. I had the delicious Mai Mai and my BF had a steak. The service was great, it could had been a more romantic setting, I might just be venting since there was a couple who brought their twins who where crying thru the entire meal. There was also a wedding in the hall but that didn't take away any focus of our service.
1	Again, Please Yelp I don't want to leave a star!!!!My sister was in town for 3 weeks so we thought we would take her for a nice seafood dinner. We had heard that Landry's was a good place with great atmosphere. We entered and were greeted by a very nice young woman that sat us right away.We were seated and waited about 10 minutes but that was ok since they were so busy. Our server arrived and we ordered our drinks and since we had waited we were also ready to order our food. This seemed to bother our server as I guess we broke her rhythm. I made the mistake of ordering iced tea because I never got a refill until I was almost done with my meal and I had to ask again to even get that because she forgot. The food was so so not really in keeping with all the hype we had gotten about the restaurant. Long John Silver would have been better....no kidding. The fish wasn't blackened like we asked, the shrimp were cut in half to make them look bigger on the plate and my sisters meal was mostly a bunch of fried greasy onion strings again to make the plate look full. Our server brought the check and didn't even ask if we would like dessert. Poor Service means we won't be going back.
1	I'm so mad at this place I don't even want to talk about it, but since it was so bad I must talk about it. The service was HORRIBLE! Even after talking to the manager it was still HORRIBLE! Bad attitude and bad service all around; slow, inconsiderate, rude, and all the bad words in the dictionary bad! -!@#$%^& Long story short: the restaurant was empty and it took them two hours to make our food, on top of that, orders were missing, so then we had to wait an additional hour, I swear we spent half our day waiting, waiting, and waiting.The only good thing about this place is the Lobster Bisque (it was so good and flavorful!) and the Mai Tai, which had fruits which made the drink fruity, just the way I like it since it was still strong, but the then service killed my buzz, boo to Landry's!
3	This was my 1st trip to #Landry's even though I have lived in the neighborhood for years!! Im just NOT a big seafood fan. But I heard word they had great steaks & burgers plus Happy Hour specials.Soooooo...Here we are on a Wednesday night around 8pm -pretty light crowd but the place looks like its trying to hard to be  ritzy for a chain steak & seafood place-you know formal but jeans are ok.There's a bar off to the side and a small lobster tank with 2 pathetic looking lobsters right as you enter the dining room. Boothes line the wall and small 4 chair table fill the room.We were seated immediately in a booth and after about 10 minutes our waiter-#Jacob arrived to take our drink order. We went ahead and place our entire order since we were hungry & thirsty!!!We decided to try their spin on a traditional app-Crab,Spinach& Artichoke dip and then the wife ordered the CRAB FEAST with a little of everything crab-Legs,Balls,Cakes and more. and I ordered the 12 oz Ribeye and Baked Potato.The food came out alot faster than the 1st appearance-1st they brought a house salad with house dressing and the dip came out quick too.The dip was great-not fishy as I had feared but rather rich and creamy not unlike regular SPinach & artichoke dip. The main course was FANTASTIC!! One of the best under $50 steaks I've ever had(actually ONLY $22) cooked perfectly mediem-rare seasoned well and smooth like butter:) You could literally cut it with a SPOON:)The crab was less than impressive. ONLY 2 crab legs for $40!!! WTF!~!!! The Fried Crab Balls were awful-too much cornmeal or whatever and no flavor. The crab cake the same and the Au Gratin Crab Meat was just whack-Where's the CRAB,huh? Definitely a better deal to get a STEAM POT at Joe's Crab Shack or the Krazy Buffet all-you-can-eat crab for $15.I will definitely go back for a steak or $5 sliders at Happy Hour but as far as SEAFOOD goes I'll pass.
2	Mediocre. They gave us no spoons, took way too long to bring the viddles, I received a tiny cup of tartar sauce for my fish, and the prices were too high. Not so clean either, but I'm glad my boyfriend took me here, because now I know I don't want to go back :P
5	Vegas weekend with only 2 things on our agenda.  Drink and Eat like GLUTTONS!!The drinking is a no brainer.. but hmm what to eat??  I suggest the Oyster Bar at the Palace Station.  On our drive over there, my macho man sees the Landry's sign and says he always wanted to try it.Go for it!! I say and we walk in.  Nice live jazz going on in the bar, so we ask for a booth in there.  Our waitress was actually the bartender and she was super great.Appetizer - Beef steak tomatoes & Fresh Mozzarella -  buffalo mozzerella cheese, balsamic vinegar and purple onion.   This was soo flavorful and the cheese was quality. Salad - both our dinners came with a garden salad but our waitress was cool and UPGRADED us to a cobb salad for free.  That salad was good and waaaaay too big for both of us to finish.Seafood Platter ( Hungry One's order) - fresh fish, stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, shrimp & oysters all fried.  OMG can you say "Hog Heaven"?? Wow he ate all of it folks!! I only got to tast a stuffed shrimp but my man said it was ALL good, not greasy or overcooked at all. I was afraid if I reached over I would come up missing a finger or something.Chilean Sea Bass Madrid (my order) - Parmesan crusted with Mornay sauce w/ pine nuts, artichoke hearts & mushrooms topped with shrimp and scallops. This also came w/ parmesan risotto.This meal was truly to die for!! I can not say enough about the flavor and the quality of the fish and toppings and that dang risotto rice was heavenly!!Seriously I don't know if the previous reviews were only for large parties or if there has been a change of management or whatever, but this place is definitely one for good memories, good food and we will return!!!
1	What a horrible experience for me. We went in as a large group and I had a suspicion that I wasn't going to get enough to eat. I originally wanted to order 2 hamburger plates but my mom would not let me. She did not want me to order this in a seafood restaurant. I reluctantly agreed to get the sea bass after the waiter convinced me he was going to get me big portions and I wouldn't leave hungry. Well, he brought me back about a 2"x5" fishstick and a small scoop of rice. I was so pissed and I think he knew when he turned around and my food was gone within a minute. It wouldn't have been so bad, but for 30 bucks for a piece of small fish and a plop of rice I was angry. The food was average but my relatives for a little less money got steaks and a potato that was still too small but better than mine. My sister got a shrimp appetizer and 6 shrimp will cost you ten bucks. It's a good thing I had 10 pieces of garlic bread and 3 bowls of salad. The piece of key lime pie was good I guess, but for 45 bucks I really could have feasted somewhere like macaroni grill next door. They got a few orders wrong also. Anyway, I'm a big eater and I don't mind paying 30 or 40 bucks to eat but at least give a decent amount of food. I mean how much can rice cost. I like a dark restaurant but this place was actually a little too dark to where you couldn't se the menu well. This place definitely isn't for me and I will never go back, but if you are a very light eater or are loaded and don't mind spending 200 bucks to get satisfied then I guess it may be ok for you.
5	I came here years ago but just thought it was OK. This time, tried Happy Hour (Daily, BTW)- surprisingly very good. My husband said "We have to come here again." The Happy Hour menu ($3/$4/$5) is available at the Bar but had booth seating in addition to the stools surrounding the bar. The alcohol ranges from $2-$5- 28 selections; beer, well, & cocktails.We had the Fish Tacos (2)  with shoestring fries $5, Buffalo Chicken Sliders (3) with shoestring fries $5, and Crab, Spinach, & Artichoke Dip (huge) with pico de gallo & tortilla chips $5. Everything was delicious. The fish tacos had chipotle ranch sauce, which was flavorful and zesty. The Buffalo Sliders (the server suggested this) had just the right amount of spice. The dip was huge and the spinach really gave it an extra touch. My husband thought the fries were better than "In & Out" - still don't understand the fascination with that place, but that's another conversation. Also, my husband had two beers. The bill? A little over $21.00. We didn't finish everything. Great service, although very busy, still tended to us.The server told us that people are surprised with the portion sizes- that they expect tapas sized plates, but the happy menu items are full sized here. My husband already knows what he wants to try next time.
2	Service: the service was good. Other than waiting a few for a hostess the service was good. Our waiter was attentative and polite. Food: food was subpar. The oysters had shells on them which normally isn't a big deal but they were baked and covered with cheese so it was a nice suprise. The salad was awesome. The highlight of the meal. The tilapia Bianca was flavorless. The grilled shrimp skewer with rice pilaf was flavorless as well. Atmosphere: nice atmosphere. Good music. Nice seating. Clean dining area. Good decor for the theme. I enjoyed the dining experience overall. Conclusion: come here for a few drinks and some dessert. This place should not be a main course visit but more a drinks with friends as a night cap or a pre night out stop.
4	Had lunch here on Sunday for our anniversary . Restaurant not busy. Service good. My one peeve is they don't tell u that the ice tea is bottled, so no free refills . Next time I'll ask if they have brewed tea. We had the crab cake for 13 bucks little small , but tasty. fried calmari was good. I had the broiled platter  it had shrimp, scallopes and fish don't recall what type of fish w a butter sauce and a Parmesan risotto, the platter had alot of food . The wife had the Chilean seabass w Madrid sauce , she liked her dish . We had their version of banana fosters ( vanilla ice cream wrapped in a crepe topped w/ bananas and caramel and whip cream.) not bad but the traditional is  better . The entrees came with a salad which was nice . Overall it was nice experience. I like it better then red lobster , but not as much as McCormack & schimicks , which was my first choice but it's closed for lunch on Sunday .
2	I was so not impressed and either was my boyfriend. I got the fried seafood plater, 1st it didn't say it was fried but okay whatever. The only thing I really liked on the $ 21 plate was the stuffed shrimp and it only came with one. The mussels were okay, not the best. Boyfriend had the landrys special and he said the steak wasn't bad but it shouldn't have been so expensive. Overall I was left with a $ 60 bill and knew I could've got better quality service and food for way less at joes crab shack.
1	We went there to have a gumbo the other day. If you call that gumbo, then you need to take a trip to New Orleans, apparently no on at Landry's has. I had the shrimp gumbo and first of all the whole gumbo was really dark brown and just tasted like pepper. There was no other flavor. No tomatoes, no okra, no celery, no onions, nothing.  It was really not very good and based on the gumbo alone, I wouldn't bother returning to Landry's for anything.  Landry's started out in Louisiana?  Looks like they forgot what they were doing.
3	Overall, OK. DON'T order the mango signature crap drink they try to push.  Straight sugar, hardly a splash of alcohol.  I never send anything back.  Ever.  I had to break my rule this time...that damn drink would give anybody diabetes.Complaining aside, the food wasn't bad...in fact, better than I expected.  (of course, the original plan was to hit up the oyster bar across the street at Palace Station....this was an unwanted substitute).  So, expectations being low, this place pleasantly surprised me.More than anything, the quality of service from our waitress impressed.  Some of the best I've had in a while.  Genuinely friendly, and fast.  Not the  worst place you could eat....
5	Best happy hour in the city! $5 for two fish tacos, $5 for a bowl of mussels in a white wine garlic broth, $5 for a Mango Mojito!I don't know anything about the restaurant end of this place, but I know they have a loyalty rewards program and an amazing happy hour. This is by far the best Happy Hour in the city as far as I'm concerned!
5	This place is amazing. Shrimp en brochette, amazing. Happy Hour, amazing. 19.99 lobster tail, amazing. House salad dressing, amazing. Rice pilaf, amazing. Service, amazing. SMH.
5	Just got back from having an early dinner there, what can I say, service excellent, food excellent, atmosphere excellent, ate so much I almost hurt myself, I felt like I was at a restaurant in the French Quarter.  I had the oyster roll, it was sooooooo good, I though my tongue was going to smack my brain silly1
2	The food was ok at best the waiter sucked for being the same owners as Vic and Anthony  steakhouse the two don't compare to each other this place reminds me of a over priced joes crab  shack with bad service
4	I had dinner here with my husband while visiting Vegas. When I lived in Las Vegas, this was one of our favorite places to dine. Their food was good and so was their awesome customer service.I was so full off their appetizer (shrimp & artichoke dip and the crab fondue), I couldn't enjoy my main course.
3	Landry's is a seafood restaurant that's off the strip, on Sahara, across the the Palace Station.Lots of parking and immediate seating. The dining area never got too busy but then again, it was Black Friday and most everyone was probably out shopping or stuck in the parking lot gridlock of the malls or shopping centers. Service was great. Our server was attentive, friendly and patient.For appetizers, I had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell. A little on the small side but they were nicely chilled and shucked which is always a plus. I also got an order of their shrimp cocktail. It was ok.I ordered the deep fried seafood platter. The dish was a little over done but not to the point that everything was dried out. The dish comes with onion rings - just too many. I would have rather have had more fries as these rings were like straw rings. I did order their signature dessert - Bananas Foster. Huge serving. More than enough for a few people or small family. It was the highlight of my meal. The rest was ok.
4	Last night I had the pleasure of holding an small event at Landry's Seafood House. The event went off without a hitch thanks to Tony Ramieh who was my main contact for the restaurant. He made sure that the drinks and food were all brought out in a timely matter and that dishes were prepared property.We ordered many delicious menu items off the Happy Hour menu and I will be sure to come back and take part in there affordable Happy Hour.The staff and atmosphere were delightful as well as the location was easy for our members to get to from all sides of town.
2	This is third time here, second time was so good.This is time bad sevice.dirty dish for salad.
4	Friday before New Years, the wife was craving some seafood, and I've driven past this place quite a few times wondering if it was good.  It appears to have ample parking, but also seems to get a lot of customers walking across the street from the Palace Station.  I was looking for something light and tasty, and settled on the Avocado Lump Crab Salad for $18.99.  It filled up most of a good sixed plate, was nicely arranged, and most importantly, it was delicious.  Well, even more important than that, the stars of the salad, avocado and crab, were in every single bite.  The wife had Mahi Mahi for about $23.00.  Her plate had a large portion of broiled Mahi Mahi, fresh steamed broccoli, and some potatoes.  I ordered a baked potato ala carte for us to share, and it was stuffed for $3.99.  The staff was attentive, refilling drinks and making sure that we were content.  The wife assured me that the fish was fresh and tasty.  I wouldn't know for sure, because she wouldn't give up a bite.  Sometimes the place offers whole lobsters for $19.99, and the lobsters are alive and well in an aquarium at the entrance...fresh!
3	Went for happy hour. Good wine. Fried pickles--amazingShrimp quesadillas--very goodSat at the bar, wasn't very busy, 2 bartenders. Service was slow and unattentive. No smiles from the female bartenders to make up for it. Good happy hour menu.
2	Was in the mood for seafood, and Landrys was near work so I thought I'd give it a try. Overall, a very mediocre experience that I won't be repeating.My server, while friendly enough, seemed quite disorganized. Instead of my salad, appetizer and bread all arriving together, there was at least a 10 minute interval between each. I got the impression  that because I was dining alone, I was an afterthought at best.I got the 3-course meal for $20. The fried calamari appetizer was completely tasteless. For an entree, I got the shrimp trio (shrimp linguini, fried shrimp and shrimp rice pilaf). The shrimp were way overcooked and the entire meal  lacked any real flavor. I could just as easily have gotten the same quality of food at Long John Silvers for a fraction of the price. This is just another corporate chain and they have the crappy food to prove it. For the $30 I spent, I could have had a lovely meal at my favorite sushi joint.
5	Comfort here!! Went to Landry's Seafood Resturant on Sahara, I had never been to a Landry's resturant so this was a wonderful treat for me. I had the Fried Zuccini, Red Fish Verna, Balsmic Salad w/ Honey Mustard dressing, Banana Foster (for desert) it was so yummy!!!! The garlic bread was so soft and nicely flavored when they brought it to the table. Our waitress was so patient and kind (I had to keep having the bread brought to the table cooked at 2 min instead of the 3 or 4 minutes) that they would serve it at, the longer time made the bread to hard to bite into but she was gracious and never complained and this made my experience all the more wonderful.I would recommend this resturant to any one who comes to Las Vegas or if your coming into town and have a limited budget you can get your dollars worth here and don't forget to ask if they have any specials going on when you do deside to dine there. It was wonderful from begining to end.When you arrive say Hello to Karen for me!!!Next I'm off to Catfish Alley!!!
5	I went to Landry's last Friday with my husband, and we enjoy going to a lot of different restaurants. We were skeptical about Landrys because of the mixed reviews I've read but we were beyond pleasantly surprised. We both had lobster tail and let me say, it was one of the best looking lobster tails I've seen in Vegas. But I like my lobster a little more well done so I asked to have it cooked a little longer. The waitress was very nice, and obliged to my request without hassle. She even sent the manager over, if I remember correctly his name was Rodney. He was extremely nice and friendly, he talked with us for awhile and then came back with my beautifully cooked lobster tail. He seemed sincerely concerned with our experience which was refreshing because a lot of restaurants treat locals like tourists. It seemed busy but the attention from the management and staff was not lacking in the least. My husband and I will definitely be coming back and they even said they'd remember how I liked my lobster cooked. Ha ha
1	$70 bucks for poor service, watered down pasta, and a free loaf of garlic bread you have to search for on the menu.......inquire about with the waiter........and then constantly remind because they accidentally forget over and over again........me thinks not. Also I'd like to peg them for false advertising their sign outside says ask us about our $20 four course meal and then you get inside and you realize that 2 our of the 4 courses was a glass of water and the mint at the end. Too high priced for me.*UPDATE*Tried to go here for a conference and was so off put by how they treated our group that we forfeited a catered meal and took our business elsewhere. STRIKE 2
3	3-Stars solely on the food. Service was slacking! Not just one time but on the multiple occasions I've been here. If it weren't for the Lobster Bisque (Best I've had!), I'd probably give it a 2-Stars.My Favorites:Lobster Bisque - Soo delicious!  Rich, Creamy & Bursting with flavors!Crab Cakes - Can we say Yum?!
4	My girlfriend and I were on the hunt for some Mai Tai's and we ended up going to Landry's. Their Mai Tai's are amazing! Since drinks can be overpriced and small, I was happy to see a large glass in front of me, with gorgeous fruit and decorations on the outside. After a couple more Mai Tai's, we were feeling loose, so we decided to try oysters! I was very cautious, because I don't like fish when it is overly fishy. We went with the Oysters Rockefeller - I must say.. I would die for them! They were amazing!YUM YUM!We also had their calamari which was very crispy, and the sauce was great as well. The bartenders were friendly at the bar, and it was nice that we could go outside on the patio.Highly would recommend this restaurant if you are looking for amazing oysters and drinks!
2	Food was okay, but the service was poor. I can't say what the issue was, as the restaurant was not very busy the night we visited, but I don't think our waiter has found his calling! Unless you are just wanting to eat at a Landry's, or don't want to go out of that area of town there are much better choices.
4	We came here with Landry's rewards card.The waiter is very nice and the store manager comes by twice (maybe it is before the busy dinner time so he can visit each table more often).The Margarita with corona is really refreshing. :)We ordered shrimp wrapped with bacon. It is quite rich with butter dressing on the top. But if you are the butter lover or a teenager, you might love it very much. :)We each ordered the 4 courses for $19.99. What a bargain! It comes with salad, appetizer, one entree, and one dessert. Everything is great!......(banana ice cream is very sweet. :) )
2	Food is good; but service is horrible.
1	NEVER NEVER NEVER  AGAIN will i go back to this placeService was slow and mediocre, Our food was not fresh, and was fishy.they served us milky oysters that was for sure going to make us sick if we ate it.Crab tasted frozen an old. Shrimp was overcooked and no flavor, How can you mess up scampi, its butter and garlic, but they did. We paid $80 for two it is not worth it,you might as well go to buffet on the strip for the same price.
4	I love coming here during lunch and getting their crawfish etouffee. It has so many spices, so much crawfish. The portion is generous enough to keep you satisfied. The only issue is the price. Everything seems pretty expensive (even for seafood).
1	Went their last night. It was a nice romantic setting but dont eat the food. I give it two stars...shakes my head. Their is not enough negative things I can say about this place. Never mind I give it one star. Everything was under cooked. The house salad is the most nasty salad I have ever tasted in my life. The dressing looks like water and mud but the thing is mud would taste better.  Who would put honey and vinegar on a salad? The drinks are so strong because you need to be drunk to eat the food. I will never return to this location.
1	Three of us went to Landry's for an early dinner upon arrival to Vegas.  The waitress, Denise was great and if we could rate her, she would get 5 stars. One of us had the Southern Fried Fish and the other two ladies had the Tilapia dish.  Needless to say within about 45 minutes we were all sick.  We called the restaurant and told them what happened.  The response by the General Manager was he had to see if other people were going to call and complain and that maybe something else we ate made us sick.  We will not go to this restaurant again and I'd advise other's to think twice about eating here.
4	We went for a family birthday party and everyone in our group really enjoyed their meals. They printed a personalized "happy birthday" message at the top of our menus which was a nice touch. The service took about 2.5 hours which was slow but not awful for a party of 9 people. We will definitely be back!
1	Seafood was wonderful and unusual. Stay away from the Bar.......K is a witch with a lousy attitude.  She serves you her way and then BItches at you when you correct her. K when you sneeze and blow your noise...... Wash your hands!!
1	The service was horrible.  The place was almost empty at 2pm and the service was so bad that I did not leave a tip.  I ordered a diet coke that I never got and when we got the bill, I reminded the missing waiter for the ,it's part that I never received my diet coke.  He frown and made a grunting sound and walked out.  Never again will I go there.
2	No higher than two stars. Service friendly. Food expensive, yet very basic. No wow factor here. Chart House a better choice. Medium crowd, yet they put us right at tables next to one another limiting privacy.
3	Food was good service was good , only negative is price
5	My meal was excellent, the service was excellent, the staff were all extremely friendly.I travel to Vegas for work a few times a year and will definitely be retuning here on my trips.I went during the middle of the day and was greeted with a big smile and warm welcome by the hostess.My server was Sparky and he easily provided the best experience at a restaurant I've had in Vegas.The food was great. As with all things in life you get what you pay for. The manager (Hi Rich!) even took some time to drop by my table and chat for a few minutes and make sure my meal was to my satisfaction.
1	Worse than red lobster. Not kidding. Food came out soggy and disgusting. Probably frozen seafood and not fresh. Embarrassed that I took my parents here when they were visiting from Asia and they were craving some American style seafood. Ughhhhhhh!
4	So good I like it will be back soon
4	Had dinner here before a show in Vegas downtown.  Made a reservation and was seated right away.  My husband ordered this onion app, which may be the biggest app I have seen in my life.  Between me picking at it and him eating it, we ate maybe half.  I ended up cancelling my soup order because I was getting so full.  Service was efficient, but kinda slow.  Also, the place was not very busy, and they chose to sit us (a couple) between two tables that contained little kids.  So, most of our meal, we dealt with table one's kid running around the entire place and table two singing the ABCs and clapping.  Common sense would say, hey, sit the couple someplace more quiet. Common sense would also dictate that these couples not bring screaming kids to an upscale place, but what can you do.  But, whatever.  My meal was super good and I would go here again and recommend.
2	The ONLY reason they are getting 2 stars instead of one is because of their manager.  I really wanted seafood and didn't want to deal with the strip so I decided to check Landry's out.  I loved the one in New Orelans so I figured it couldn't be that bad...right?  Boy was I wrong!  I ordered some dish that was billed as "parmesan crusted shrimp" with lump crab meat on top.  The shrimp was basically frozen, fried shrimp and the lump crab meat tasted like that crappy meat you get from the bottom of the cluster....slightly fishy.  The boyfriend got a burger, cause he doesn't like seafood and wasn't a fan either.  We checked in on yelp and got the free stuffed jalapeno appetizer.  This was the ONLY thing that tasted good.  I'm allergic to dairy and asked the waitress if they had cream cheese in them and she said no.  After eating one, I could feel my throat start to close up and asked a manager who was walking by.  He told me that there WAS cream cheese and then asked if I was allergic, to which I told him I was.  He apologized profusely and said that the waitress should have known better, as she has worked there for quite some time.  She ended up coming over and apologizing and they comped the entire meal and gave us a free card for an appetizer/dessert on the next visit.  Unfortunately, I will not be returning to this location.  The food was a huge disappointment, especially for the price.
3	I've been to Landry's about 20 times in the past but have not been here for about three years so I went twice this week. The service is good, the ambiance of the restaurant is excellent. I usually sit at the bar this week I was with two small groups so I ate at the table. Got the crab cake both times. Super. It has changed from what I remember but is still excellent. A little bit more crab meat would be good but I still love it. The salad with house dressing is still as great as it always was. I went on Tuesday April 9th, 2013 the first time. My entree was the halibut which they said just came in. Now halibut was the first dish I ever had here about 10 years ago and it was so good. It was thick and just flaked apart when you touched it with the fork. On this day, it was about half the portion size, tough, and just didn't taste good. What a let down. The rest of the meal was great. I went again on 4/15 and had the crab cake again (super), salad and this time I had the Snapper Hemingway.  Absolutely perfect. I woke up thinking about how good this piece of fish was. Can't wait to go back this summer for more. Its also about 8 bucks cheaper than the halibut. Also the light beers in the tall iced glasses make everything taste better.  Bill first time for 3 people with desserts $190 second time for 2 people no desserts $110.I guess I should have given 4 stars, but that Halibut was so bad and so expensive
4	Great off-the-strip dining, easy parking, and better than good food!  Much respect to Tom, posthumously, who not only wore those cool brim hats while on the sidelines coaching the Cowboys...but sure knew how to carry on after football with some good grub.I've been a handful of times to this location (ya know, it's a chain right?).  They have a menu of mainly seafood items (hence the name...hello), easy/peasy quick lunches, and near fine-dining as the lights dim in the evening.If that's not enough, they offer a terrific happy hour with all kinds of specials, and TV's featuring all the sports you can handle.Service can be a little slow, perhaps it's the staffing levels vs training or caliber.  But, all the servers, managers, and hostesses have been super nice and friendly each time I've gone.
2	Arrived at 5:20: dining room empty, bar empty.  Ordered 2 drinks and 3 waters from the bar.  15 minutes later they were served.  Ordered appetizer (coconut shrimp and crab balls).  They were served on a plate of shoestring onion rings.  It all tasted the same... Like old oil.  Decided to order the four-course meal for $19.99..... Appetizer, salad, entree and desert.  Placed order at 5:50... Plenty of time to eat and get to The Smith Center in time for our 7:30 show.  Wrong.... After 40 minutes of nothing...we started dropping "hints" such as:  "can you bring it out as quickly as possible cause we have a show!"  After 45 minutes the calamari and fried zucchini arrived...  Terrible-- tasted just like the greasy crab balls.... No flavor.  Another hint about the show.  Salad arrives with heavy dressing.  Finally, we asked for the manager and offered to pay for what we'd eaten, but it was 7pm and we had to go.  Manager boxed up our meal and refused to let us pay (thus the two stars).  We ate our boxed meal in the car on our way (very classy).  It tasted just like all the other food!  Very disappointing!  I wish in could say it was all the kitchen's fault, but the bartenders/servers rarely came by...  We had to flag them down for water refills.  I can say everyone was very friendly.  I can say the manager did not have to give us everything for free...  But even he recognized the wait was unacceptable.  When we rushed out at 7:10pm, there were only a few tables occupied in the dining room and the bar was really quiet for a Friday night, especially considering its great location.  Im surprised they have been there so long.  2 stars is a stretch.
3	Not bad.  The dining area is really dark, which can make for a nice setting, but Landry's is so dark you almost can't read the menu.  The service was good, and the food was pretty good as well.  It wasn't crowded at all and we didn't have to wait too long for our food.  Would probably go back again.
1	Absolutely the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. Food was cold by the time it arrived. This place used to be good too. Ive never been to a restaurant that was basically empty at 730 pm, and told by the staff  "its a 45 min wait. were running behind" Horrible experience.
1	The reason for the star is really the manager.  But, I will say that if you have a gluten issue, I'd be very careful.I ordered a salad from their gluten free menu and it was delivered with two pieces of toasted bread.Gluten free is supposed to be made in a separate area to ensure there is no gluten contamination.  Clearly, if there is bread delivered, it can't be gluten free.The main reason I have a problem with this restaurant is the manager.  He greeted us and reached out to shake our hands.  He shook my husband's hand, normal but when shaking my hand it was beyond firm.  It didn't really register with me.  By the time we were ready to leave, I had forgotten about the hand shake.  So, when he reached out and shook our hands on the way out, once again, my husband received a normal hand shake.  This time, when he shook my hand I thought it was going to break.I don't like to make a scene and to be honest, I was in shock.  Why would a manager deliver pain like that to a customer.Needless to say, we won't be going back.  I'm wondering if anyone else has had this experience.
5	Only landrys ive ever been to and im never dissapointed. Tnite Tony was our Server and He was fabulous. I got the mahi mahi and it was really good! The landrys oysters are delish but u have to ask 4 them there so yummy! And Daniel the manager is AWSOME! U cant go wrong with landrys!!!
3	They have all you can eat Alaskan snow crab on Tuesday and Thursday.  Its served all day.  the crab meat taste good but the shell was difficult to crack due to it seemed as if it was sitting in water and the shell become super soft.  The house salad is good with there dressing
3	I am an avid lover of seafood so I was pleasantly suprised to find this place! They actually have an all you can eat Alaskan crab leg deal for $50 on Tuesdays so Ill have to come back to check it out. The service and oysters were excellent and I enjoyed my meal!
5	We great experience at Landry's Seafood Restraurant. The service here is superb. Some of the best seafood I've had in a long time.
4	Our server, Jose, was so nice and very accommodating to us. We had never eaten at Landrys before, but after the great grub an device from Jose an Tony, we will surely become regulars. Thank you guys so much for the great food and a great experience. :)
4	Yelp led us here for dinner and also gave us a tip that you can get All You Can Eat king crab legs on Tuesday nights - score!  Service was great and they just kept bringing they crab legs - we never had to ask.  It was a great crab meal for $50 - which is what you might spend on a pound of crab legs on the strip.
2	My choice for a birthday dinner. Service was ok, but being on a specific food restricted diet, I had questions the server couldn't answer and didn't offer to go check with the kitchen on.  I ordered the grilled shrimp and a salad.  I asked for the weight of the shrimp but server didn't know.  She said there were 5 jumbo shrimp.  Nothing remotely jumbo about the shrimp and of various sizes.  More like 20-30 count shrimp you buy in the market. Husband had lobster scampi, such a small portion, we talked about going for a hamburger on the way home.  Even after dessert!  I don't recommend unless you're starting with appetizers and ending with dessert.  Nothing special.
1	Nice night out with husband but the restaurant was lacking in quality of food. It is now commercialized and serving dog food.  The salads took too long to come out and my husbands dinner was brought out within 4 minutes of the salad.  Mine came out about five minutes after his. I can't believe that would happen in a restaurant  with these prices.  The light was hanging so low that you could bump your head and it and what ever you do, don't bump it or dust will go all over your food.  My lobster tail was over cooked so I could only eat half and my husband did not like his food at all. I mentioned the over cooked lobster and the did comp half of the price. The service was next to nothing. They should be ashamed to charge those prices for crappy service and food. We will not be going back ever!
2	Are here for the first time last night and I have to say it was pretty mediocre a at best. The service was terrible, I had to ask numerous times for refills and even a steak knife which took 10 minutes. The waiter handed numerous people including myself very hot plates that he has the luxury of holding with a towel, he also reached around and over us quite a few times rather than going out of his way. The waiter forgot to include our salads so when they were brought out each one was different almost as if they want back and emptied the fridge of all their salads. The food was pretty good, my steak was a little tougher than I expected but sometimes that happens. Overall I can't say they was a very good experience and the only reason a tip was left was because gratuity was already added to the bill.
4	Surprisingly good food and service (our server was a sweetheart). We ordered calamari, lobster bisque, 4 orders of surf n' turf, and a banana foster. I'm not a big fan of calamari but I'll take my family and boyfriend's word that it was good. I started with the lobster bisque which was good and had chunks of lobster. We also had salad with our meal but I didn't eat mine since I was saving room for the main course and dessert. The filet minion was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the lobster was good too. We finished with the banana foster which could have been a bit better (the crepe part was probably getting hard due to the ice cream).I recommend this place if you like seafood.
4	Had dinner here this weekend.  I arrived a few minutes late for our reservation but our guests were on time so they had been seated already, almost 15 minutes and their drinks hadn't arrived yet so immediately we were concerned because the restaurant was maybe 25% occupied.  The waitress arrived and she was very nice and took our drink order, which was a bottle of white wine.  This particular wine is not expensive but was under lock and key for a manager to get so this took a good 10 minutes.  Concerned.  The waitress arrived with the bottle and glasses and apologized for the delay and it was fine with us as she seemed to be making an effort.  She took our appetizer order and we went ahead and ordered entree's not knowing what to expect.  We opted for the "fried" portion of the menu as that's why we went here.  Fried is not something we do, so we thought it would be fun and to allow the kids to try something new.  We had Gumbo all around, chicken and sausage.  They were generous, small bowls. and everyone did like it.  Salads were good also.  I had a wedge with blue cheese, which is something I may have once every couple of years.  It was good.  The fried shrimp entree's arrived and everyone again seemed to enjoy.  I'm from the gulf coast so typically I would order a fresh fish, blackened with vegetables.  We all knew we went here for fried.  I've lived in Vegas twice, totally 15 years and the only word I've heard about Landry's locally was on Yelp prior to making a reservation... Which is great, but if you don't hear some local chatter, that's usually a sign to maybe consider something else.  Our table got off to a slow start but got into a comfortable rhythm as far as food delivery. There wasn't a lot of team work to help clear the table as dishes were completed.  The first beer glass was still on the table when we left if that tells you anything.  I will go back for sure.  It's a nice dining dining room.  The staff was friendly and the kitchen did a good job.  I may even attempt the fresh fish next time, or something a little more challenging for the kitchen.  We all know ordering fried doesn't have much merit but it was fun food and we did enjoy it.  I know this restaurant has been here for years so I do believe they're doing most things right.  Would I recommend?  Yah, I would based on this one time experience, but I couldn't recommend anything outside my own personal experience as of yet.
5	We eat here at least once a week. The service is awesome and the food is always good.
2	After eating at Landry's in Orlando and figuring our poor experience there was just a coincidence I gave Landry's another shot and tested this Vegas location because anything this close to the strip can't be bad, right? Vegas is known for entertainment and food! Wrong.Landry's is overpriced, overrated and lacks and resemblance of real seafood. I tried the same meal at had at their Orlando location to see if this was better and nope - the same dry and bland taste. The fish tasted like it was just thawed and a salad, my fish and an ice tea ran me into the $30s. At par with Red Lobster. No better.
5	It might seem odd that a fellow from Louisiana, would hit up Landry's while he's in  Vegas, but I was just out stretching my legs and plopped down here for Happy Hour a time or two, as I was in the neighborhood. I never really ventured beyond the bar to the dining area of this establishment, as the drinks and small HH food menu were sustenance enough to keep me occupied and in one place and on one stool. I enjoyed drinking their Bloody Marys in the early evening as well.
1	After posting this review I received an email that they would like more feedback so I went to the link that was in the email, posted the same information and then never heard from them again.
4	The 4 of us had dinner recently at Landrys. Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.  The decor in the restaurant was fine.  Would go bak there again.
4	Happy hour from 3-7! Oysters on the half shell are spectacular! I'm a lover of seafood so naturally I like it when it's served fresh and even better when it's discounted. I've been to dinner here on a few occasions and it gets relatively expensive when ordering drinks and apps. The meal is worth it! My standout favorites are the oysters Rockefeller, the snow crab legs and the lobster tail. The service has always been amazing in the dining room. The service at the bar during happy hour, however, leaves much to be desired. I had to get out of the booth and walk up to the bar to order a drink refill. The patrons on either side of us were complaining of the same.
1	I took my family here on Valentine's Day. What a disaster! The 45-minute wait was to be expected given that it was Feb. 14, but the hour-long wait to get our food wasn't. Plus, the food was terrible. The clam chowder had some weird spice in it and was congealed. Ick! The burger had a soggy bottom bun. The lobster bisque was gross. It tasted like butter and cream with very little lobster. The only thing I liked was the wedge salad (but it's hard to mess up a chunk of lettuce sprinkled with bacon, blue cheese and tomatoes.) We were all disappointed and will never go back.
3	The food was very good, we had the planked salmon with a side of king crab and for appetizers we had calamari and crab with artichoke dip. The chairs are wood and not very comfortable to sit for a period of time.  But over all a great experience.
4	It's been while since I've been to Landry's but since I recently started working nearby, we tried to see what's close by for that after work "relief" and Landry's has a sign right outside for a pretty awesome sounding Happy. Hour.We came in for Happy Hour which was an awesome 3-7pm time frame. It was in the middle of the week so it I wasn't that busy, but the closer to 7 it got, it did get a little busier.Their HH menu has some pretty good options. Unfortunately the Calamari was fishy but the Fish tacos-- amazing flavor for the price, kinda had a back end fishy taste though.Landry lager was delish! It was the only drink that I had so I can't really comment on anything else.Def coming back for HH!
1	Thoroughly disappointing! Guess I've been spoiled by so many great "newer" restaurants in town. This place's been around for awhile and somewhat "iconic." Good location to meet up for a lunch meeting but other than location, it's not a place I'll go for food. Our food lacked freshness and taste overall.
1	Slow during Sunday lunch, hostess sat us immediately. Hostess was chewing gum and wearing white and pink socks, very visible. Upon sitting our server Maria came over before we completely sat down and asked us what we wanted to drink before we looked at a menu. She left dirty plates on the table. We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp, which was great. Ordered the crawfish bread and gumbo, both HORRIBLE. Talked to Maria about the gumbo because it was supposed to be the Shrimp and sausage gumbo but no sausage was in the dish and the server said it doesn't come with it but the menu says it supposed to(very important to know your menu as a server). Talked to a manager Marcalla and she was accommodating.
1	This review is for the bar service at Happy Hour:Had the serious displeasure of being waited on by the female bartender (Joanna?). She rarely acknowledged my friend and I, but when she did it was with a very bad attitude. She acted like it was a big inconvenience to wait on people. We would have had several drinks here, but we just couldn't track her down, so we only had two. The appetizers were a big disappointment as well, cold and late. Long story short: Happy Hour would be a great idea here if it wasn't for such crap service and bad food. Better to leave this place to the Palace Station crowd who are too cheap to hit the strip.
3	This review is based on one lunch service. I typically wait until more than one experience before writing a review, but honestly I am pretty convinced I won't be back. Unless it's an invite where the other party insists, because I won't be spending my $$ here. The reason there are 3 stars instead of 2, SERVICE. I can not blame the friendly hostess nor the attentive server for the lack in flavor. So by all means, credit is due in the hospitality department. I was in during a busy work week lunch hour. I was very happy to be seated at a booth instead of a table, even though I was dining alone. I ordered the fish tacos with dirty rice instead of fries. (small upcharge)I also started with a cup of clam chowder. The soup was decent. FULL of clams, like almost overwhelming. However it would have really hit the spot had the consistency been a bit thicker. Still ate it all, so I approve. Now the tacos, probably the worst fish tacos I have ever had. Not what I expect from a place known as the "seafood house" Double tortillas as usual, but they were soggy. Like soggy and stuck together from either sitting under a heat lamp or even being re-heated. Same thing with the fish inside. You could tell at one point in time, it was a crispy filet. Now it was just moist and not appetizing at all. But where was the moisture coming from? I didn't seem to have this sauce that I read about in other reviews. Just cabbage, and a very very small side of avocado. I ate the avocado alone, it tasted better that way. I tried to eat only the fish out of the taco, but I couldn't do it. Flat out gross. To top it off, the dirty rice was at least 2-3 days old. Mushy like it had been in a rice cooker overnight. The flavor would have been ok had it been fresh. I could have put all the rice in a big ball and it would have stuck together easily. The 16 year old me would have thrown it back in the kitchen, but it just sadly sat on the plate. Untouched. Last time I waste a dub on a nasty, sit down, not fresh, seafood lunch, that is FOR SURE!
1	Eh.  It really was just OK.The waitress let the dishes pile up on our table and didn't stop by often enough to refill drinks and check on us. The food took pretty long to prepare and there wasn't any apology or explanation. Because we were meeting old friends, we were in a celebratory and lingering mood.  The restaurant was empty but we felt pressure to leave. We tipped well, so I don't think that was the issue... The staff sure was quick to clear the table after the tab was paid. Oy. What an AWKWARD way to do business!The hostess (kind of) made up for it, though. She took a bunch of tourist-y photos of our reunion.  (Outside the establishment, of course...)I definitely won't be revisiting this place.  There are just too many restaurant options out there, Landry's. Your food wasn't great enough to justify service like that.
3	My husband and I used to come here more frequently but unfortunately the quality of food seems to have gone downhill. Landry's has turned into just another cookie-cutter, Red Lobster-y fish house,  serving up over-priced, mediocre seafood. The menu was  recently changed, and the only thing that I really liked was, of course, removed. The service is acceptable, but nothing to write home about. Overall, I gave Landry's 3 stars because they have become blurringly average. There are far too many choices in town now for you to waste your time or your money here.
3	Somewhat disappointing.  For dinner had Salmon Filet on Plank, which was okay.  However, when the "famous salad" was brought to table, it was literally drenched with dressing.  I had to request a salad WITHOUT DRESSING, as I am weight conscious.  Should have been asked if it was okay to serve salad with their dressing, perhaps offering oil and vinegar as a substitute.
1	This is my 1st review and I'm taking it way back, over a year ago to our visit at Landry's. I had a gift card for this restaurant that I picked out as a reward from work. Came at lunch with my fam of 5, my parents and Aunty. First off we were the only customers and service took way too long. If it was super busy I'd understand....My dad(not the pickiest eater) actually complained that his soup was too salty. They took it away but didn't return it with another or say sorry or anything. It was awhile back but the food was not memorable at all. Worst part about the visit was they told me the card couldn't be used this time. Every single time I and my co-workers used this type of gift card we Never had a problem. They had this long explanation that it had to be mailed and next visit they would honor the discount yada yada yada and some other confusing stuff. Anywho I just wanted to get this bad visit (service and food) off my chest. Unfortunately after all this time still not forgotten. Hopefully I can move on. Bad on me I didn't question the gift card issue more(although and at least we spoke to manager at the time). And demand a new soup for my dad. A bad but learning experience nonetheless.
4	Loved the stuffed flounder.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  We will definitely be back.
4	great fresh seafood right off the strip.started off with 1/2 dozen oysters,very fresh.then got the seafood platter.everything on there is freaking good,didnt have any leftovers.will return.
5	We were looking for a sea food restaurant off the Vegas strip, when we found the Landrys sea food . The ambience is great, the food is awesome and prices are reasonable. I have not seen any sea food places where the food is great, the quantity of food is right and the price is reasonable. It is a place that will be the top of my list when I visit LV next time, should be yours too.
5	Amazing food. Amazing service. Oysters on the half shell tonite were tops. Chilean sea bass was incredible. Blackened mahi mahi. Most beautiful woman to have dinner with. Excellent night.
4	My family and I have been to Landrys a couple times now and each time we've been there, we've always had exceptional customer service. The young lady that waited on us the first time even sang "Happy Birthday" to me with her magnificent voice. The second time we went, we had a lady who waited on us who kept talking and talking and talking. She was very pleasant though, but all we needed was time to eat and bond as dinners like these are our family bonding time. The food was good, everyone enjoyed their dishes that they ordered.  We will continue to go to this restaurant as food was good and affordable.
3	This place was good. Came here tonight for anniversary dinner. Was really dead for a Saturday night.. overall the food was pretty good.1. App - Spinach artichoke dip - Really good, I would get it again.  Nice crab flavor and quality dip.2.  Side Salad with dinner - I was pleasantly surprised by their house dressing, it was a balsamic creamy dressing with mustard? I forget the name. When the waiter said the name, I thought oh boy that sounds horrible - but it was actually awesome!3. Lobster Bisque - Was okay, a little too creamy in my opinion. My husband had to add salt and pepper.4.  I had the seafood pasta as entree, I forget the name.  It had shrimp, mussels, scallops.   I was sort of expecting a red tomato sauce, but my bad, I must have misinterpreted the menu, it was just spaghetti with diced tomatoes and mushrooms, there wasnt really a sauce on the pasta, maybe some oil. The pasta besides that was plain and without much flavor. I had to add salt and cheese.5. My husband got an accompaniment of crab legs with his entree- those were amazing - nice sweet crab, very tasty.The waiter forgot to ring in the crab which he apologized for, I was hoping he'd take it off the bill because we got it when we were both done eating the entrees. But that's okay, stuff happens, the waiter was really nice and owned up to it so that was good. I don't really care too much about that.  I don't know if I will be coming back super soon, because I am sure there are other seafood spots to check out, but this place was pretty good overall and the price not bad.  Their booths are uncomfortable though, I do have to say that.
2	We were there for lunch and had both below average food and poor service. The waiter actually would like look away as he passed as if he were looking over other tables...there were only five tables occupied and he only had only a couple.
4	Mommy and Me day with my Mom!!!!!! Jared the manager helped us with our to go order. He had a very good understanding of the menu and food allergies . He was able to suggest quite a few different dishes for us. Look forward to the second visit where we can actually sit down to me.
5	After noting several bad Yelp reviews,I was pleasantly very surprised by my experience here.  I found a starter of Steamed Mussels to be very good, accompanied by moist and flavorful Garlic Bread that nicely deconstructed when dipped in the mellow and tasty broth. An included salad from a tossed salad bowl was quite generous in size and featured mixed greens, tomatoes, and crunchy croutons with a vibrant dressing.  A large helping of Crab-Stuffed Flounder was a great entree that was both moist and very tasty, along with well-prepared Asparagus spears and Spanish Rice.  And I liked that Peach Decaf Iced Tea from The Republic of Tea can be purchased here.  Meanwhile, one member of my party was pleased with her Cedar Planked Salmon, and Diane enjoyed her order of AYCE King Crab, which is available at $49.99 on Tuesdays.  If you consume enough tender legs, you will get your money's worth.Service was excellent, with repeated water refills.  And booth seating was quite comfortable.Surprised or not, I have to call them as I see them.  And, this was a 5-star dining experience.
5	This place was fantastic!!! My fiance and I happened to see this place as we were driving around and it was one of the best impromptu lunch decisions! Our waiter John was so friendly and helpful, everything we ordered was delicious, and we enjoyed ourselves very much :)
4	Does not measure up to Joe's Crab Shack Or red lobster or cafe alto or fish market  but waitress was great
4	I honestly cannot tell you what the regular menu looks like because I'm always here for happy hour! Who can resist costs of $4, $5, $6??! Happy Hour starts from 3-7pm daily at the bar. The later you come the harder it is to find a seat since it's only about 5 booths and a regular sized bar. They really should take some of the dinning room and turn it into a happy hour area!  The pomegranate martini is one of my favs. The spinach artichoke dip, crab balls and calamari are usually always ordered when I'm with a group of friends..and when my friends and I can spend less than 50 bucks as a group for food and drinks..we're usually pretty happy! The bartenders and servers are pretty pleasant as well. All in all, a good happy hour spot.
3	Came in for lunch with family. Food was great however the service today was not.  We ordered our drinks and it took the waitress about 20 mins to come back with them after she served a group of 6 that came in after us.  She had someone else bring us our drinks and it was probably because I kept looking around to find her.  When she came to take our order she seemed like she didn't really want to be at work or something because her response to our questions were one word.  I ordered the king crab with a baked potato and asked for the crab to be cracked and no chives on my potato. After placing our order, she tells us in a rude manner "is that all".  The complimentary salad was not fresh and taste odd. Once we received our order, the server placed a "hot" plate in front of my son and swooshed his hand when he attempted to touch it.  I understand not wanting him to burn himself but why place it directly in front of him if it's that hot?  The plate was not hot at all as the server mentioned and I was pretty upset with her swooshing my son's hand away.  When my king crab and potato came, it was not cracked and I had an overwhelming amount of chives on my potato.  I did not receive anything to crack them with, butter, or anything that normally comes with a crab lunch/dinner order.  I asked if they could be taken back and cracked and the server says "oh I forgot to put that in the computer". Not a problem. She takes them back and it takes 10 mins to get them back. We eat our meal, and our server does not return for quiet sometime. We see her waiting on other tables but she never makes it back to our table until I begin looking around for her again. She finally comes and ask if we need anything and refills our drinks.  We finish our meal, pay and leave. We have never had bad service prior to this visit, and I give 3 stars because the food was good as always. Service could have been so much more better. Hopefully next time we visit it will be great service.
3	The food and service are good, but the overall experience lacks the fine dining feel and a balance of value. We had been interested in trying Landry's for some time. When we finally got in, we were quite excited. We were promptly greeted and show to our table. The dining room is REALLY dark. Our server was very nice. A little too casual, but he was doing okay. He knew the menu and the options, so I can say he was on his game as far as server professionalism. I had the Surf & Turf, which was good, but not great. The side of asparagus was over cooked and tasted like something gourmet that you tried to cook at home, but didn't get quite right the first time. I hate to be too down on the place, but it felt more "cute" than welcoming. About a week later, we had the same meal at a chain joint and it was twice the quality for 1/3 of the price. We spent the ride home comparing fine dining and casual experiences... it was interesting how we got there.Landry's feels like a once great restaurant that has stopped investing in linens, silverware, and the accouterments of fine dining presentation. I want to try it again in a year or so to see if I can update this review.
5	I was very surprised that Landry's Seafood gets negative reviews because my wife and I have always had a great experience at this restaurant.  We visit about once a month and have found it to be consistently clean with friendly, attentive staff and great food.  I've never had a bad experience here and I always leave feeling full, satisfied and that I had a great meal!  Thus the 5 star rating.  My wife and I usually eat at the bar area just because we like things more casual and we like the more social staff that they obviously staff there.  The drinks are great and happy hour is second to none!  We make a special trip often just to take advantage of it.  We also like that it has a rewards card where we can rack up points and use them all over the Valley.If you haven't ever been to this restaurant, I sincerely recommend it and know it is worth a visit.  It may not be your cup of tea, but for someone who lives in Sin City where some of the greatest restaurants in the world are, it is a solid restaurant.  It isn't super high end or anything, but it does what it was meant to do - provides great seafood at a fair price with great service.  I really don't know what more you would want.
2	No comment. :/
3	Good food overall. Service was excellent. Nice atmosphere. 3 steaks ordered at my table. They all were happy with their meals. I had a mahi mahi entree and it was decent. Customer Service is so important to me, they won me over!
3	This place is a solid 3 stars. Definitely has its pros and cons. We came in Saturday night around 8:30 for dinner. Sat in the bar for happy hour, which goes until 9pm on Saturdays and Sundays. We ordered the shrimp embrauchette and some cocktails, as well as a full meal each. The embrouchette was wonderful. Seafood-stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon with onion strings. $7 on happy hour. Definitely the highlight of the meal. I ordered the seafood pasta, which was pretty disappointing. My mussels were very overcooked and it was just underwhelming for $20. My friends fish and chips were decent though.Service was 3 stars too. One lady by herself in the bar area and she seemed very nonchalant about everything. I think she was just ready to go home. I don't know if I'd come back here next time in Vegas. I have a high standard for seafood restaurants like these and Landry's just doesn't really measure up.
2	To put it bluntly there are better places to eat at for the money you would spend here. Landrys tries to be an upscale restaurant but really falls short. To start I had the lobster bisque and it was good! I wish I had just stuck to the bisque as my crab cakes were disappointing. There was a bit too much breading and not enough crab. Additionally they put some weird sauce on the bottom of the plate which  I felt did not compliment the cakes.  My Freind had the clam chowder which she said was also ver good. The atmosphere is slightly upscale- maybe more along the lines of "I want to be an upscale restaurant but don't know how." Our server Rosa was very disinterested in us from the beginning when we told her water to start and let is look over the menu. She then proceeded to try and sell up some rewards card for $25.00- all of which happened before we really got to look at the menu and order..... Not the way you want to start off dinner!
4	Relaxing, romantic atmosphere. Of course it reminded me of the restaurants in Louisiana so I felt cozy and at home. I usually don't prefer to be seated in the center of a restaurant but I like the layout here. The chairs were also comfortable. Waiter was pleasant and friendly. Didn't hover and was giving us compliments when he did stop to chat with us. French garlic bread to start. Went well with my bowl of lobster bisque. Paired the bisque with a glass of KJ and it was a fabulous treat, imo. Very filling. Hubby ordered fish topped with white wine sauce and mushrooms, seasoned rice (not sure if it was pilaf) and seasoned broccoli. All very fresh and satisfying. Oh and his house salad with ranch before the entree was good to nibble on with the buttery bread. His crown and coke was good as well. We opted out for dessert since we were content with our fulfilling meal. Overall nice experience.
