2	This gym looks amazing inside and out.  There is tons of light that enters the building which gives you some sort of energy boost.  I've been on travel to Charlotte for the past 2 months and always pass this place.  After out growing the hotel gyms from week to week, I decide to step into this facility.  I enter in seeing a full staff of 5 people at the front desk.  I inform the woman at the desk that I am from out of town and I would like a day pass.  The woman proceeds to ignore me, along with the rest of the front desk - including the manager standing behind her.  She steps 3 feet to the right to put lotion on her hands and comes back.  I ask her how much the pass will be, and she blurts out $15 dollars!  I was so mad, I warned my co-workers of this place.  The second time I went back there was only one woman at the front desk, a different woman this time, she was REALLY nice to me.  My biggest gripe about this gym is the personal trainers, this is really the reason for the two stars.  The two times I've worked out I've watched the personal trainers help their customers, or at least stare into universe while their customers complete their exercises in wrong form.  The trainers do not pay any particular attention to their customers, nor do they do any special work outs.  I do recall maybe one male trainer actually helping a woman.  But most of them stand around the suspension training straps showing exercises/promoting products.  They seems to believe these straps are an all-in-one training machine.  I particularly love these straps and always wanted to use them, so this was a plus for me, but I don't believe they should only be used for ones full workout.   It's a shame because my company just built a new site/facility down the road in the Ballantyne Corporate and is about to go fully staff to 250 people.  My company promotes good health and has a website listing gyms...I just hope this is not one of them.  Great gym and awesome equipment, but expect to work out on your own or with a buddy...and watch out for some of their staff spitting in your eye when you ask questions.
4	Well, so far I've been a member of this gym for about 2 weeks. The gym itself is very clean and always organized. They systems they have implemented are great for signing up for a class and working with a trainer. I'm not keen on working with a trainer. Kind of a "one person in my wolfpack" dude. The racquetball court is great. Glass back and well lit. Signing up the day before is a bit of a pain. I like to play a few pickup games here and there. Not loving the signup sheets and reserving a time. It usually works out, though. One of my biggest gripes is the staff at the front desk. Sometimes they are there, and other times it's completely deserted. Where are you, kind staff member I have a question for? They even have just looked at me without even verifying whether or not I'm a member. Not too savvy on keeping things in order up at the front desk. Definitely would love to see some improvement here. All in all, a great gym to be a part of. The price is great for month to month and love all of the amenities! Sauna in the locker rooms? Yes, please! Cheers!
3	Here's the skinny: I give Urban Active 5 stars for the facility. It's impeccably designed, clean enough where you can just about eat off the floor, and the equipment is plentiful and first rate.I give Urban Active's management 1 star for both their incompetence and their indifference. Mind you, they've gotten better, but they still suck. I've had 5, count 'em, 5 separate instances where they goofed up billing to my account. No one there seems to know how to reconcile a goddamned account? Un-friggin'-believable. And don't bother calling their home office, unless you want to talk to an answering machine...Additionally, UA is like any trendy gym in town. You've got your muscleheads with their powdered (*COUGH!*) drinks, bench-pressing the equivalent of a 1960's VW Bug, you've got your Ballantyne Desperate Housewives with their fake tits and more Botox than what should be allowed legally hogging up the elliptical machines while barely breaking a sweat, you've got your showoffs pulling off upside-down pushups, and then you've got me, who wants nothing more than an above-average workout where I jack the shit out of myself with no interruption, all the while being slightly bemused at the preening that takes place. Speaking of which, if you see a dude about 6'3" wearing a cadet hat and a pair of Philips headphones trying to beat the ever-living shit out of a punching bag, come say hi.You've also got your yoga classes and your Zumba, too. I like watching the grandmas do Zumba. Actually,  I like pointing at them while laughing. Actually, that's not true. So why do I go here? A few reasons: 1. I work across the street, so getting to the gym on a weekday is a breeze, especially during the afternoon rush hour, when the Ballantyne/Toringdon office drones make their escape from their cubes and head home.2. Their child watch is pretty awesome. My daughter loves spending time there, and the child watch staff know her by name. That's a nice touch, as far as I'm concerned.3. Frankly, it's the better bargain. Sports & Fitness is the least expensive, but their facility sucks, their equipment is outdated, and, no joke, it really reeks in there. And the less said about the suck hole that is the YMCA on Bryant Farms, the better. So I get more bang for my buck here.This could be the best gym in Charlotte. It's too bad management acts as if running a gym is akin to working in a coal mine. It's even worse that management can be so damned indifferent to any of your concerns.
2	When this place first opened it was the best, trainers busy helping customers (although pricey training packages), best of everything. At this wriitng LA FItness has taken over. Throughout the past couple of years management has been on autopilot. Screw ups in accounting are difficult to change, equipment goes without repair, muscleheads break 45 pound plates and nothing is done to them, staff generally do nothing to rack weights or straighten up. The training staff that I enjoyed using has all but dissappeared and the ones left spend more time staring at the computer in the lobby. This weekend the pool is closed because of ventilation issues. I asked the girl up front and she said it was chlorine issues, water looks greenish. Bottom line, POOR MANAGEMENT and attitude. Considering its post holidays this place should be crowded and making a killing...its not. I know of a couple friends who have quit to go elsewhere because of these reasons.
