5	This place is magical! The staff is first class. They make you feel right at home. The dance is exciting and the instructors ease you in no matter what your level.I first came to the studio as a guest for a halloween costume party. I fell in love with it and the adorable staff. I then did a 3 class trial. It was a blast. Unfortunately I didn't get to finish my whole trial. I live in north Phoenix and it was too much of a drive. If I lived in the area I'd definitely take more classes.Great for couples getting married. You're sure to impress on the dance floor. I believe it would also be a great date idea to try a group or private class!
5	Great experience.   My fiance' and I purchased a deal for some private and group lessons so we could dance at our wedding.  We went in very apprehensive and beyond intimidated. Despite the fact that beginner doesn't even begin to describe our skill level, we very quickly felt right at home.   Every single staff member told us hello and welcomed us, we loved that. Even the students seemed to be super welcoming.  Our instructor Tia was amazing! She broke down everything for us, and was very pleasant and warm.  I highly recommend taking a class, there is so much they offer and it was a TON of fun.
1	I joined Fred Astaire in 2003 and went for as long as I could afford it.This dance studio is all about high pressure sales. I noticed that they really work on the lonely; widowers, divorcees, etc. They make you feel like you are part of their family and when you run out of money, drop you like a hot potato. I didn't even finish my last few lessons because of the hot/cold nonsense. Everything is very expensive and I know of other customers who went through their life savings just to stay a part of this group because they were lonely. It is very sad that people can earn their living taking advantage of others.The dance instructors are very talented so I gave one star.
5	This is a wonderful place to take dance lessons.  My Fiance and I purchased the groupon for our upcoming wedding, well with only a week before the wedding they work us into the schedule.  The teacher was great to work with and taught us the right dance steps to our song we wanted to dance with.  We will be going back for more.Thanks!!!
