1	isn't jack in the box supposed to be 24/7? i mean....how sad is it that at 5am in las vegas i can't get a freaking ultimate cheeseburger and curly fries?! i have actually given up on this jack in the box because it has failed me more times than not! you are a disgrace to the jack in the box name! pffffft!
2	back in 1990 this was a great fast food place-i mean the sourdough jack was something i literally wrote home about, in the 18 years since this place blows-nobody working there cares or has the ability to. this establishment has to be the leader in ada hires. the food is just wrong!! tacos are good if you need a colon cleansing, and the shakes are ok too. strangely enough the best thing on the menu is the egg rolls!!
1	If you decide to eat at a Jack in the Box in the Sahara and Decatur area, quadruple check your order before you step off the premises (for to go orders). They CAN NOT manage to get my order right, even though I eat there 2+ times a week. Either forgetting to include all of the tacos that we order, or just decide to give you whatever sandwiches they want to provide for you.Today, for instance, I was able to get the last of the forgotten items from my last visit, before leaving, I looked through the bag and verified the proper number of items. I get back to work, divvy up the food and notice that instead of giving me one each of the 3 sandwiches that were ordered, they gave me two of one, and one of another.They decided not to bother answering the phone this time, so I guess it is time to go to corporate to try and get this rectified.
3	The only reason i go to Jack in the Box is for there Jalapeno Poppers. Sooooo delicious i crave these things. I've tried these at every other fast food place sooo not the same. There Jalapeno Poppers are always hot and fresh with just the right amount of spiciness. I like this location because there fast and very generous with the ranch dressing!
3	Ok so while we all have amazing "palates" here ;p (which by the way is really the roof of our mouth and not our tongue so not sure why most tend to use it in a "taste" term.) Occasionally it is too late; nothings open or were just buzzed and need something in our stomachs.  Lo and behold, Jack In the Box! ("Lo" by the way is short for "look" as in look and behold - yes I looked it up to make sure ;p)So I went overboard as I just left my local PT's favorite spot and ended up with 2 teriyaki bowls (not so hot tonight the rice was all mealy mashed up), an order of tacos, some jalapeno poppers, 3 egg rolls and an iced caramel coffee. Yea I went way over board lol and did not even eat it all, but hey it was late and I was mega hungry!This spot I have only been to a few times and its "a-ok" for what it is.. and that's Jack in the Box.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
1	bad even for fast food. cashiers cant math or run registers. food is grody. service is slow as nuts and they messed up several orders in front of me.BARF-O-TRONIC
4	I really like this jack in the box, the people are always nice and the food is always hot! When I had to wait for my burger, I didn't order a drink i was standing near the register off to the side they handed me a free drink and thanked me for waiting.
4	Service was prompt and courteous, food was hot, but tasted as if they haven't had a new shipment of ingredients in a few days. But that's to be expected.
1	Omg worst service ever. Walked in with my Family ready to order while the girls their were just chatting and laughing talking about "boobs". Finally one turned back and walked over to take our order. "Didn't look to happy no smile no hi" anyways all the tables were dirty and the drink station was full of a mixture of soda and ketchup! I told one of the employees if she can please wipe a table down for me and wow she just smeared the table and walked away. Geee thanks! Never coming back that's for sure
4	I was hungry and I stopped in for a quick bite. I ordered two supreme crossiants and a courtesy cup of water. and they were very good and the service was quick and friendly.
