5	I've been coming here for over two years now. Its one of my favorite places on Earth. Yet I'm hesitant to Yelp about it. This is one of the things I treasure so much, that I like to keep it secret. How un-yoga of me. I'm a selfish whore. Besides. Should we really be reviewing something like yoga? Its like rating a church. Wait. Has that been done? I know what I'm doing after this post. Fine. Blue Sky Yoga is located in The Arts Factory downtown, on Charleston and Main. Classes are held in one of the downstairs galleries. Accessible from the north entrance by Tinoco's. You'll see the sign, don't fret. The main instructor and founder, whatever you want to call her, her name is Cheryl. She is certified in Jivamukti yoga. Cheryl is a straight up hippy. Not the dirty weed-smoking, tie-dye wearing, no job-having variety. But the life-loving, goodwill-having, free-spirited, showers regularly kind. She has a small collective of other instructors. One of which teaches Vinyasa. Another teaches Kundalini. And one is strictly pranayama (breathing exercises). I believe there used to be kama sutra classes at one point as well. Too bad it is no more. Because  was just about to try it ... So far, I like all of the instructors I've encountered at Blue Sky. Bum is a goofy, happy go lucky kid. Don used to teach a kickass Vinyasa class. He moved on to personal training. I was sad to see him go. Jivamukti is a good all-around yoga. It emphasizes meditation, chant, and asana (posture). Not so much the pranayama. At the end of some of Cheryl's classes, during savasana (corpse pose, fully relaxed and meditative), she'll come around and massage the back of your neck or shoulders with lavender essential oil. With some of the students she's more comfortable with, she'll do little things like come around and bang on your feet when you're in shoulder stand. Its theraputic, fo sho. Her Sacred Sunday Practice classes are usually overflowing. Sometimes she has to teach class from the other side of the entryway. But then some of her classes are damn near empty. I used to go to Friday afternoon classes. Once it was just me and this other guy. Cheryl knew both of our experience levels, so she pushed us into these way advanced postures, totally foreign to me. I love the feeling of comfort I get from her. I love the customization in her routines. I love the dedication and love. Oh. My hippy is showing. Most of the classes are welcome to all levels. Might I recommend avoiding Yin if you are a beginner, as asanas are held eight minutes or longer. Also, beginners avoid Kundalini. Just ... trust me. There are also natal/ pre-natal classes. I'm not touching that. Just check out the website and read the class descriptions if you're scared. The best thing about this studio is its free. But don't get too excited. Its based off of donations to help cover rent. Be generous. Because classes there are the shit. And Cheryl's got two kids. The only gripes I've heard (I took family there) is that the studio is too small and its too noisy. It is located right off of a main thoroughfare, so you can hear some street noise. Honestly, I just zone it out. Its really not that bad. But for some classes, you can hear footsteps from the upstairs galleries. People just don't know how to walk on hardwood floors upstairs. Roll step, people! The studio provides mats if you should need. And so now that I've shared Blue Sky with you, you have a part of me. I'm inside of you ... * off the strip, non-casino
5	I agree Blue Sky yoga is awesome. When I first moved to Las Vegas. I was looking for a community to join and found Blue Sky. I've met some great people, got into shape and found peace there. I love the mommy and me class on Wednesday I can bring Sebastian.
5	A great vibe! Great students and teachers. I say students as everyone is very helpful. I am new to yoga and it was if everyone in the class was my instructor. Not in an intrusive way, but if I had a question, some one was always ready to help. As a middle aged, out of shape guy, I found this place to be exceptionally inviting and receptive to a newbie! I'm a huge fan.
5	I discovered Blue Sky Yoga in 2005 and Cheryl is my top favorite yoga teachers.Cheryl's teachings is traditional and spiritual.  I have been in her Sacred Sunday Classes where I can feel the healing energy as I go through the vigorous postures.  I have been to so many yoga studios and experienced a handful of yoga teachers. But for some reason, I can only feel everyone's vibrant energy as we chant...OHM Shanti Shanti OHM in Cheryl's classes! It's silly to others but only a few will get it. And for those that do, isn't it amazing? I highly recommend Cheryl at Blue Sky Yoga and she also teach private classes, which I am looking into.  Namaste Yoga lovers!
5	As a person who frequents Blue Sky three times per week, I can say with confidence that this is the studio in Las Vegas that captures the essence of yoga more than any other. First of all, it is donation based, so anyone can attend no matter what they can afford ($12 is suggested, which is still a lot lower than most studios- btw cash only). Secondly, the owner Cheryl is a wonderful person and makes yoga accesible to anyone, no matter their ability. She does a great job helping my 63 year old father, and she also holds kids classes, so the range is fantastic. I have been practicing yoga regularly for five years, and I still find I learn a lot from her as well as from the other teachers. The small funky room in the arts factory is adorned with the work of local artists (some better than others) so there is a nice creative vibe going on. The studio is increasing in popularity for good reason, and the number of classes offered is therefore expanding as well. Now time of day can never be an excuse not to go! Cheryl's background is in Jivamukti, but a wide range of styles are taught. All the instructors are wonderful, but Sara is a particular gem. Best hurry if you want to try one of her classes because she is moving at the end of May. If you want to go to a place that doesn't view yoga as simply an exercise for the body (as many American studios do), this is the spot to go.
4	I have really enjoyed my classes at Blue Sky for the most part.  (I also did their yoga hike once, but not sure if they do those anymore.  Lovely idea in concept, but lots of sand in mouth in reality.)  Everyone else has already talked about the things that make it so great (donation-based, intimate classes, good vibe), which it is, so I will be the Debbie Downer and list a few of my small quibbles: The studio is quite small, and the instructors do not limit the class size, as they are walk-in classes.  So sometimes it will be awesome with 4 people and almost like a private class, but if you try and cram 13 people in there.... it's hot as hell (positive, if you like bikram I guess!) and so crowded you can barely move for fear you'll kick the art right off the walls.   Also, it's right on Charleston Ave, so there can be a lot of street noise.  Sadly, my beloved instructor Michelle is leaving. Sniff! She was probably my fave teacher ever, and I've had a lot!But that's it.  Otherwise, awesome, awesome, awesome.
5	Cheryl is awesome!!! Never got a whole lot out of yoga till I started coming here. Totaly different experience.
5	Best yoga studio in town
5	I love this studio.  Cheryl is a talented instructor who gives a great deal of positive energy to the yoga community in Las Vegas.  I have been coming to her studio since 2008 and have never left without feeling better than when I arrived.  I would highly recommend a visit to Blue Sky Yoga.  Their heart is absolutely in the right place! 100% pure yoga.
5	My favorite yoga studio in town!!!  I love this studio, but I only go to their Ashtanga classes with Curtis (he is awesome and laid back btw), because that is all I practice.  This studio is ideal for that, because they have really great teachers, like for instance one of their instructors was invited to learn from Tim Miller, which I heard he is super picky about his students.  It is also nice that the classes are donation only and they won't judge you if you don't donate, but I always help the teachers and the studio out by leaving a donation!  This is a great place to practice!
3	I don't want to be too judgmental as I only came once, but I was not incredibly impressed.  Donation yoga, inside of an art studio, with walls covered in works from local artists.  The class I attended also happened to be a surprise private as no one else showed up.  Sounds like quite the treat!A certain level of forgiveness should be given as the teacher had no base experience with me to know what type of class she should instruct.  I should also add that she was really kind and friendly.  The class was disappointing though, because it seemed like she was on autopilot.  I've been to enough instructors to pick up on when someone has disconnected themselves and just start guiding you through the basic namaskars, throwing in a triangle pose at the end to keep things "spicy".  The experience I had here was a cool one and I wouldn't take it back, but I also don't feel like I should have to worry about whether my yoga instructor (of all people) is present or not.  If I had been in Las Vegas for longer, I would definitely go back to see if this visit was simply an aberration.
5	Just practiced down at Blue Sky for my fourth time.  It is a wonderful studio with incredibly genuine individuals.  The people that teach and practice here have an incredible authenticity and create a beautiful community.It is not the classiest of studios by far.  Rather rough around the edges as flooring goes, and there is art all over the walls...over half of which does not deserve to be there from an artistic standpoint.  That being said it is homey and genuine.  Come for a wonderful practice group in the morning...come for genuine practice...but don't come for frills.Jenn Knox is a favorite instructor of mine.  That being said I have not practiced with a lot of the teachers at Blue Sky as this was my 4th visit.
4	I have taken several classes at Blue Sky. The first was a candlelight class with Cheryl. I very much enjoyed the class and she was very good. I recently attended a Power Yoga class with Angie and she was extremely good and it was a challenging class. The studio is small, but it has never been over filled even though I would imagine that could be an issue from time to time. The outside traffic noise is initially disconcerting, but it quickly faded into white noise once the class began. The pay by donation is a wonderful concept and I completely embrace it as the yogic thing to do. I also attended a Kirtan they promoted and it was life changing. This place truly is organic.
5	I never understood yoga until I went to Beginner Yoga class at Blue Sky.  I had only gone to yoga at the gym before, and it didn't contain a spiritual element.  Cheryl's divine voice and angel's touch brought me to a level of meditation and consciousness that I had never before experienced.I got pregnant two years ago and her Maternity Yoga and Beginner Yoga classes helped me feel strong and empowered during my natural home birth more than any birthing class or birthing book  I read (and I read all of them I could find!).  Now I go to her Mommy & Me class with my son and I love having that opportunity to practice with him amid that yogic and meditative energy.  I also leave baby at home and go to her Saturday Beginner Yoga class (followed by delicious Indian food at Mt Everest Indian Cuisine) as my date day with my husband .  We can't imagine a better routine!Thanks for everything to this wonderful studio and the goddess Cheryl.
5	Best and most genuine studio in town!  Anonymous donation box by door. Come at awkward times during the day and it will be very small if not private classes (valuable attention from teachers). My yoga practice really grew because of this. Community yoga where you will instantly feel the great energy once you visit.
5	Yoga?!? Pssshhh!! Ain't no thang but a chickn wang! ...and so I thought.  I walked in with my chest held high.. Walked out lookn' like a pansy.  Blue Sky Yoga is the first yoga session I've ever attended.. And as a first timer, I felt welcomed and was patiently instructed on.  Cheryl, my instuctor for the day, was very attentive in correcting my movements and posture in which I so graciously butchered.  She used her feet, hands and body weight to force my body into positions i never thought possible ;). BSY is located inside the Arts Factory on Charleston Blvd. which can normally draw in a free spirited crowd w good vibes and the classes are on a donation basis.  The minimum donation I believe is $12, but they definitely deserve more than that!  The way Vegas can get under your skin sometimes makes BSY a great stress reliever!  ..and the meditating "Uuuuuummms" at the beginning and ending of each session: Heavenly!
5	I may be a bit biased because i did experience my very first "real" class here, Blue sky is home. Cheryl created an environment that allowed me to grow, encouraged my physical practice, and exposed me to what living my yoga could be. We were in a teeny tiny room upstairs, that was literally black from floor to ceiling and it was so incredibly special that  It then became a place that I wanted to teach at someday. Now we have a much bigger room downstairs with local artists displaying their work on the walls. Very Authentic! A donation based studio in the heart of Las Vegas. All different types of classes with very educated teachers. Very hands on with yummy adjustments. There is a lil something for everyone. There is Mysore in the AM and beginner classes, strong flows, to sweaty slow flows and yin. The teachers are all genuinely passionate about delivering a beautifully inspired class, their students and of Blue Sky itself. Sitting just off the strip within the Arts Factory it is very accessible to tourists, and many workshops are offered throughout the month. I highly recommend! It may not be the prettiest of studios but beauty is only skin deep!
5	Fantastic studio, excellent instructors. This is a "pay what you can" studio that runs entirely on donations, so if you're tight on cash or just wanted to try a session without any commitment I couldn't recommend any better place. Instructors Billy and Cheryl are both incredibly knowledgeable and live the Yoga lifestyle in a completely unimposing way. You can have as much or as little mysticism with your workout as you'd like. Try it out! :)
5	Amazing!! This yoga studio has literally changed my life & embodies the true spirit of the yoga I first learned in South India. Wonderful teachers & a warm, welcoming positive vibe. The owner, Cheryl, has such a warm & generous spirit & is a fantastic teacher! Many blessings to her & all the other teachers & students too!
5	Amazing instructors and they take donations not a set fee. Be generous. :)
5	Blue Sky Yoga is AMAZING!!! Cheryl has such a sweet, gentle spirit in her teaching style that makes everyone feel at home, valued and at peace...no judgement. I was in town hosting a global summit and wanted to bring a small group for a yoga class. The one that worked out for our very busy schedule was cancelled so Cheryl came in and taught a private class for us:). The studio is located in a very cool artist gallery in downtown Vegas. I had people from France, USA and Ireland and everyone talked about how much they enjoyed the class and CHERYL!!!Would definitely recommend BLUE SKY YOGA
5	I love coming here.  Great, inspirational teachers with classes all day every day.  No commitment requirements & a low drop in fee.  So lucky to live near such an amazing studio.  Highly recommended!
5	I really like this studio, the focus on breath was very important. There is also a great atmosphere and the by donation policy is truly in the spirit of yoga. I really love this place and will visit next time I'm in town to visit family =)
5	Super practice at this unique studio in the art district. Will be back to enjoy this or other instructor and roam around the galleries and shops.
5	I have mixed feelings writing this review because I love this place but it is small and often times crowded so I'd rather keep it to myself!!  However that is not in the spirit of love for which Cheryl stands for so I will share this lovely place.  It is inside the art studio and it is wonderful. Cheryl is a wonderful teacher who fosters an environment of non-judgment. No matter what level that you practice. There is also happy hour yoga with live music with Tim and he is fantastic. It is a completely donation-based studio. I love it and will continue to go here and I hope it doesn't get too crowded.
5	Real yoga, and the recommended donation based format is a great deal.  You get an awesome guided practice that will energize your body, calm your mind, and lift your spirit.  Cheryl does an amazing job with adjustments to help you move safely through challenging poses.  This is in a cozy (read small) space that will test your body awareness to avoid minor midair collisions with your neighbor when classes are full, all part of the ambiance.  There is street noise but I did not find it too distracting.  The converted warehouse to artspace feel adds to the ambiance.  Great addition to the yoga community between old downtown and the strip.
