4	The smell, the vibe and feel as soon as I opened my car door was apparent. This is very Asian for the likes of pretty much every street corner in parts of LA. I only wish we had a more concentrated ethnic specific area beyond south Phoenix like LA.. or any other city for that matter. Hell, look at the Asian part of town in Vegas, its awesome!
4	First off, this is not a china town as some keep trying to say and then act as if it were substandard. It is the Chinese Culture Center , big difference. And for what it is I enjoy stopping and checking out the various shops and restaurants along with the great grocery. As a whole I enjoy this place. This place that is not China Town.
5	It's unique and it's in Phoenix, for that alone it gets 5 stars.  This is a fun place to kill a couple of hours with out of town visitors or on a date.  Stroll through the gardens. Wander through the grocery store, (yes it stinks but it's part of the ambiance) and look a all the strange and gross foods. Try one of the restaurants, but not Quizno's that doesn't count.  Check out the curio shops for some odd trinket to take home with you.
4	My husband was born and raised as a British Expat in Hong Kong and loves the Chinese Cultural Center for its authenticity. There are some great, inexpensive and authentic restaurants there serving a wide variety of Chinese foods. There is a place called the Seafood Buffet on the west end of the plaza and the food there is fantastic and lunch during the week is around $7. Golden Buddha (next to the amazing wedding shop) has an inexpensive lunch menu and I've heard the Dim Sum is incredible. The grocery store in that plaza has tons of authentic Asian foods that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Just the smell of the different foods and spices takes me back to my last trip to Hong Kong and really adds to the experience. I don't know what half the stuff there is, but if you wander through the candy aisle you should pick up a few random pieces and just try something different. The Center has a festival around the Chinese New Year  where they have street vendors selling all kinds of goodies including a huge selection of decorative Koi fish and various cultural performances. It's really a unique place, especially here in Phoenix, and is worth an afternoon visit if you're looking for something different.
4	The Chinese Cultural Center was a great distraction from a busy Phoenix day.  There was plenty of parking and getting there is easy off the 202. The center has several shops that sell furniture and accessories, herbs, apparel, etc. There are several places to eat.  We ate at the Golden Buddha - very beautiful inside with an aquarium and attractive seating area. Good food, but be ready to deal with ordering some stuff you may not understand at first. After lunch we went to the food market.  Really cool to walk around and see all the different stuff.  You definitely won't see these ingredients down at the local super market.  You are guaranteed to have a good time looking around. Have fun!
3	While I'm no expert on Chinese culture, I do enjoy the cuisine. The Cofco Center is an interesting place to visit, and there is no shortage of new dishes to try at the various restaurants. The Lao Ching Hing restaurant was very good, and not difficult to get in and out of during a lunch hour. The Asian Seafood Buffet used to be one of the places my coworkers and I would go when we were really short on time. The food was all right, and there was a decent sushi bar in the middle. However, during our last visit we came back to our table and found a roach waiting for us. Inexpensive or not, cleanliness is a big deal.
5	This place is essentially a strip mall, but offers more than the usual strip mall options. The biggest attraction is its architecture, as its designed with  traditional Chinese architecture. The top floors hold office space, the bottom retail and restaurant space. Facing 44th Street is a beautiful garden. There's a large goldfish pond on the south side,with small bridges and walkways over and around it. There are numerous statues and pagodas along the south and east side of the building. It's a beautiful and relaxing addition to the city. There is a large store that sells Asian goods, namely furniture and decorative items. The owners are very nice and friendly. There is also a bridal gown shop and Asian video store next to it. Ranch Market owns a large grocery store that sells Asian foods, though in my opinion LeeLee Market in Chandler has a better selection. There are several restaurants and a coffee shop as well. The Golden Buddha is excellent and the wait staff moves fast. During the day, you can order dim sum from carts the wait staff pushes around the dining floor. The food is excellent and you may be able to get a seat overlooking the aforementioned goldfish pond. It's definitely worth a trip.
4	Honestly I go here rarely.  My recent visit was to watch my godson while his parents were doing family picture photo shoot in the Chinese gardens and pond areas.  You can walk the whole cultural center and its gardens in 10 minutes, so there isn't alot of sightseeing here.  But to get a little glimpse of some replica gardens and seating structures from China, where else to go?  So 4 stars for the somewhat idyllic gardens in back behind the shopping plaza, cuz there isn't any other place in the valley like it.
4	COFCO Chinese Cultural Center is located in Phoenix, Arizona; it is downtown and fairly easy to locate. There are several different stores and restaurants located within the center that anyone may go and explore when they want to. On my first journey here I parked outside of the supermarket called Ranch Market. On the outside and on the inside it looks like a typical grocery store that you would find in Arizona, such as a Safeway of Fry's; the only main difference is the produce and items that they sell. Each aisle is stocked with unique foods, candies, drinks... Their fresh produce section, along with their "deli" section was the most interesting thing to me personally.  You can find crazy colored and shaped produce that you typically would never see at a Safeway. The "deli" section was filled with baby octopus to fresh fish. Ranch Market offers many Chinese cultural foods. The only main down side is that it smelled strongly of seafood, because of their foods they offer in the market. Visiting the market, my friend and I walked around the rest of the center. We found the Chinese Cultural Botanical Garden. This was my favorite part of the whole center, because it is a beautiful garden set up around a large pond filled with lily pads, fountains, statues, and koi fish. Around the pond you could walk along a path that had interesting marble statues that you could read, observe, and touch if you wanted to. The statues had plaques in English and Chinese that you could read, in order to learn the history of what it is that you were looking at. The Botanical Garden is nicely set up as a little journey pathway. The architecture is extremely interesting and vibrant. I did not think that there was a single down side but I would suggest that you go the the botanical garden when it is nice and cool outside. Because it is all outside, you would not want to be walking around trying to enjoy it in 100 degree weather. Lastly my friend and I decided to walk into a small shop called The Oriental Factory Direct. This was a shop filled to the brim with Chinese cultural artifacts, clothing, weapons, pieces of art, jewelery, stationary... You could find almost anything in this shop. The atmosphere was extremely welcoming and calming. My favorite part of this shop was looking around at everything they offered for me to buy. The shop keeper was also tremendously friendly; she was eager to answer any of our questions and teach us anything we wanted to learn about. I loved the atmosphere and the people here.I gave the COFCO Chinese Cultural Center  a good rating, because I completely enjoyed the new experience. It can be a good drive for some people, but if you live near it, it is extremely convenient. The only thing I would have done differently was given myself more time to enjoy the other restaurants and shops. And i definitely would have gone when it was cooler outside. This center is very unique, beautiful, and fun.
5	I love visiting the Chinese Cultural Center. There's a really cool replica garden and quite a few restaurants. I'm always drawn to the Ranch Market full of Asian goodies. This market reminds me of the stores I used to frequent in Seattle/Tacoma. I haven't actually eaten at any of the restaurants there yet, but it's coming. What a great place to go check out something different and check out some new foods in the market.
4	This is my neighborhood stop and as close to what you get for a "china town" here in PHX.The Ranch Market is my grocery store and the Golden Buddha is the watering hole I am closest to and its been fun to be exposed to something "different" in the neighborhood. Yeah it's a strip mall with a coy pond and garden to those in other more metropolitan back ground or source, but it's what we got! ( I knocked off that last star for a reality check).  Within the center their are doctors offices, apartments and travel agencies that specialize in travel to Asia. Our stops signs are in Chinese too to paint a picture. All nationalities get their fresh fish at the market and you have to try the bakery for arguably the best chau siu bao hands down.A definite place to go for lunch if you are here.Walking through the gardens is the best attraction to walk off the dum sum. Its ponds and series of bridges and temple type architecture will make you feel less like you are under the flight path of PHX and more like you are on a different latitude and longitude if even for a second... Adjacent to the airport it represents a grain of cultural sand in a desert of fast food restaurants and Circle K's that is most of phoenix.Short walking distance from the 44th ST Light rail station where one could possible stumble to while on a light rail jaunt Tempe / PHX bound.  Also next to main airport destination and hotels including a "W" and parking to the airport.It's a pretty industrialized neighborhood outside but it contains some of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley as well Chinese medicine shop and other various shops hardly found anywhere else in AZ.
3	They have a 99 Ranch supermarket that stocks all the awesome asian necessities like tendon, tripe and chicken feet. However,the area is almost barren with hardly any businesses. They should really step this place up do some development and market this area. They have plenty of parking which is non-existant back home in Honolulu.
5	5 stars for the fact that Phoenix even has a Chinese Cultural Center area.  The only place I've been to in it is the grocery store but one day, I plan to check-out the lil gardens and restaurants.  Can't wait until they get more in there! (Don't go expecting a big Chinatown-like scene.)The take-out from inside the grocery store is pretty tasty, inexpensive and fast!See ya there!
5	The Ranch Market is the ONLY place I have been able to find that has had my miniature money tree!! I have looked all over the Untied States since my last one died with no luck until today. Needless to say I was absolutely thrilled beyond belief!!! I must also give them credit for promptly returning my lost LV wallet! THANK YOU for being honest!!! =)The import store over next to the Golden Buddha has a great selection of different Chinese figurines, Buddhas, furniture, bamboo, fountains, miniature tea sets, Hung Bao, etc... Always a joy to go in there and browse around. Last time I walked out of there $200 poorer!! hehehe Check it out. It's a small complex but lots of browsing fun. Enjoy.
4	Really fun place to go on your lunch break.  They have plenty of dining options (some better than others), great stuff in the Ranch Market, and beautiful grounds with a koi pond and replicas of Chinese sculptures.
2	I realize I'm from Houston, and I've been to San Francisco's Chinatown, but wow, this is a pretty dismal place. The cultural center is beautiful, but unfortunately, there was one grocery store, 3 restaurants, and 2 knick-knack stores (at very high prices) open. The rest of the cultural center was empty and advertising for rent space. After you eat lunch, you can cover the entire cultural center in about 5-10 minutes.However, I think the greatest disappointment was that 2 days before Chinese New Year, the cultural center was not decorated. Furthermore, the grocery or knick knack stores had very little decorations to buy and bring home. What a disappointment, especially for the biggest holiday of the year!
4	Not China Town, but more like China OasisThis is the closest thing to a China Town in Phoenix.  There is not comparison to the ones in LA or NY, but there is a lot of character present.  I usually come here for Dim Sum at Golden Buddha and go to the L Ranch Supermarket, but it is small and quaint, but does give a fun representation of the Zen Chinese in the Koi Fish Pond and garden.  Don't expect LA or NY China Town, but not bad for the desert. If you find this useful, funny or cool, please check below.
4	If you go here expecting to find a "China Town" you will be disappointed.  However, this place does not market it's self as a Chinatown. It is a cultural center which holds special events and displays as related to the Chinese culture. What a great place to relax in the garden. Also has some wonderful restaurants, shops a business center and a Chinese grocery store there.
5	I like that there are a few restaurants in this center. And one in the Market too, which a while ago changed ownership to the store (vs. 3rd party vendor). The food choices got slim, and were less fresh, but they seem to have that all fixed as of recently.  So I am going there almost weekly again.
4	For Phoenix, this is pretty great. In all honesty it is only slightly worse than DC chinatown so we should be pretty proud. (DC just dubs over chains with chinese writing). I agree, not at all comparable to NYC or Chicago's Chinatown but delicious and a great inexpensive grocery store with all the specialties (just no fake purses or as big of a selection of stores).
3	Most of the place is closed right now. I was told it was remodeling but I am not sure.  What is there is good but there is not much to see right now at the cultural center.
3	I've driven by this place many times and have said to myself that I need to go and check it out. Well with it being the 2013 Phoenix Chinese Week, I had no reason not too. The architecture is pretty neat. The market has some many cool and different products you will not find at Frys or Safeway. I could spend a good two hours going up and down the isles checking everything out. There is an herbal store the smelled of earthy tea upon entering. I quickly became overwhelmed as everything was in Chinese (which for the record I cannot read or speak, outside of the brief lesson when I open a fortune cookie). They had so many containers and boxes that I chalked up that if I'm really that interested, I'll make another trip in the future when it isn't so crowded.
4	Always a fun visit....typically for the Lunar New Year celebration, but also for the Full Moon festival in Autumn any time is good to visit...great year round shopping and Asian market.
3	For being in the middle of Phoenix/desert, this place looks real nice. There are several events held here throughout the year including Chinese New Years celebrations and the Fall Moon Festival. Not usually the most entertaining performances. The International market that's in this center is AWESOME. You can find just about anything here that doesn't exist in the US!
4	When I want to just get away for awhile I come here, and let my mind relax...over all its not that big but worth checking out!!  It also has food and shops to enjoy this great culture.
4	Not a large cultural center, but it does have several Asian shops and a large Asian gocery store.
3	Maybe it was just me but this place was a bit of a let down.The bakery was passable and I found the food selection to be inferior to Mekong, Lee Lee's, and Asiana Market in Mesa and Tempe.The Chinese Culture part is a bit of joke really, if culture can be absorbed by walking through oriental themed buildings and the grocery. One could glean more Chinese Culture in Chandler imo
3	Chinese themed strip mall which or local take on a china town, houses a wide range of businesses aimed at that demographic. Of note is the grocery store which is huge and has a pretty decent little restaurant in the corner. Did I mention that it was also cheap, yeah, that too.
2	Phoenix has a large but scattered population. I'm not sure why developers picked this location for a Chinese Culture Center.  It doesn't make sense to me as the area around Dobson might seem more appropriate.The center seems like it'd have potential if it gave incentive for small businesses to set up shop and stay.  I've heard the lunar festival held here charged admission and was dismal.  It's now not much more than a nearly-empty strip mall with "Asian" architecture.  I live up the street and would rather drive to Mesa/Chandler for anything Asian. Sad because I hoped Phoenix could do better.
2	Not the best but not the worst Chinese food.Had the Schezwan Shrimp for lunch. Egg drop soup was brought out promptly and the main course after two spoonfuls of the soup.Soup was nothing special. Egg roll almost flavorless and mushy. No ability to substitute Lo mein for rice. Better like rice. This IS a Chinese restaurant right? Everything came out on same plate. Cold salad next to hot entree next to hot rice. Most places serve these separately. Obviously a move to save servers work.Iced tea was basically water. Check was delivered halfway through meal. Thank you very much. You may go now.
5	This place is awesome, I like coming here and going to the shops and looking at all sorts of diff things
1	If the Chinese economy has a "hard landing," it will look like Cofco Cultural Center. Most of the storefronts are empty. There's one gift store, woefully declaring "yes, we're open!" There are restaurants on either side of Ranch Market that may be the same restaurant with different names. The architecture is pretty in a "Disney does China" way, but it's essentially a strip mall with a high vacancy rate, anchored by a supermarket.
3	Having a Filipino wife means lots of trips to the Asian store located here. The place looks grate. Like a little slice of china. The Asian shipping store usually sales many much of whats needed for my wifes Filipino dishes. As well some hard to find items for chief's. Like frog legs. There are two restraints.  Here one has sone great food. The other is like any other Chinese restaurant. There are a few trinket stores. But other then that, the place has a lot of empty store fronts. So it kinda has a ghost town feel to it.The parking lot and surrounding area is kept very clean. Simply put - The place is nice,  but has a lot of unused potential.
5	Check out the Dorayaki at the Ranch Market, if you get there on time, they make a red bean paste pancake on a griddle in front of the store. Deelish! Go to the Szechwan Palace and request the non-English menu for the true authentic items. The gift shop has tons of gift ideas if you are stumped. I might also mention they have some really, really nice shrines made out of cherry wood and lacquer. I was in the market for one to make my altar and these are the real deal. Beautiful furniture finds, although they can be a bit pricey. They are willing to negotiate with you if you ask. The store has what you need but the variety may seem lacking in comparison to Lee Lee's or Mekong. Anything you try at the bakery is amazing, if you are in the mood for perfect deco-den like whipped cream cakes, this is the place to get it. Their fruit selection is lacking which is probably my only gripe, but they make up for it in their vegetable selection. The Chinese Herb shop next door is a great place if you are into holistic/Chinese medicine. I wish this place was bigger with more stores, that would definitely put it over the top.
4	After a couple days without caffeine, I was in the panicked, desperate, yet very composed search for instant coffee. I am traveling and coffee seems to be weak tea everywhere I've gone and I am too cheap to buy Starbucks every morning.Through previous experiences, Korean instant coffee packs are quite delightful! So I was on the search for said coffee packs. To begin my expedition I asked where I'd fine an Asian store, I was directed to a small store and after looking, they did not have what I was searching for. My second option found me here. Much smaller than what I expected, but I was able to find a product similar to the brand I was seeking and was completely satisfied!  Great products and very organized.
5	Bread grill pork bun, taste as good as always!
3	Unfortunately, this place is on a downward trajectory it appears. Many businesses have closed and there are many vacancies. The ones that are there, apart from the Asian Market have changed hands. Not bad, but not worth a special trip.
3	Really sad because of non-existant management.Obviously does not care. I go to two stores which I really like. I have heard that the restaurant to the east of the Ranch Market is very good. The gift shop to the west is wonderful. It continues to decrease in number of center occupants. I constantly went to the book, audio, video, artwork , gift shop, prior to going under.A perfect example was the buildings could be beautiful. Instead the door pull bar had foam and tapev on it. If my favorites are forced to move I will follow them.
4	I'm reviewing purely the gardens here, not the actual stores or restaurants in this shopping plaza. It's a really nice area to come and walk around, take some pictures with the family, which is exactly what I did with my parents on Christmas day when nothing else was open. I don't have much to say other than that it's a really scenic spot great for a casual photo session. I'll let my pictures say the rest :)
