5	Was able to book an appointment for the next day. Gail (manager) was very friendly and explained to me how the process works. They quoted me 4 hours, and I was out the door in 2 hours flat. They had a small waiting room with free wi-fi, a tv, vending machine and some magazines. Even the bathroom was very clean and well stocked. As for the actual spray-in bedliner, it looks really nice, and as far as what I could tell, they did a pretty good job. Already got a few compliments on it.
5	Called Tuesday and spoke to Pete at length about what I wanted. Explained it would be difficult to get the truck in during the week with how far away I work. Pete offered to pick up my truck from where I work and drive it to the shop and bring it back when he was done. Truck was done in a few hours and was absolutely flawless. Couldn't be happier with it. Big shout out to Pete and his team at Line-X. Really turned my otherwise crappy week around. If you have a truck, don't even think twice about calling to set an appointment. You'll be glad you did and your truck will look great for years to come! I will definitely be referring you guys for sure.
5	Mark and his team are real professionals. They were able to squeeze me in on a Monday with little notice and explained the product and process thoroughly. They had my new Tundra done within hours and I was very pleased with the results. However, they had forgotten to put back a few bolts back which I did not notice at first. However, he had the integrity to call me and come to my home to make sure the job was 100% done. You don't find many business owners with such dedication and pride in their work these days. I HIGHLY recommend Mark and his team and Arizona Line-X.
1	I was charged $65 to remove and reinstall a tonneau cover while having the bed sprayed. Manufacturer quotes less than 30 minutes, but it is closer to 10-15 to install. The cover was reinstalled incorrectly by the LineX tech. I would expect the technician to know what he is doing if they are charging that much.
