5	'Gourmet tamales', I think as I drive past this brand new strip mall on Durango, 'that's interesting.' In fact, I wasn't even sure it was open yet. So I stopped in about a week later with my mother, and learned it had been open for biz'ness about seven weeks.I thought it might be like an upscale fast food place, but Espee's is definitely a sit down restaurant. They're making everything fresh in the back, and it took a bit. That was okay, because like all good Mexican places, they had a TV dedicated to soccer and a match had just started. I'm impressed with their menu -- it's a Mexican restaurant with nary a chimichunga or burrito in sight. My mother and I shared a small side of guac. (Verdict: okay) Espee's also has a free salsa bar, I liked the mango salsa quite a bit. For lunch, we had puffed tacos. (A taco with, basically, fry bread as the shell.) We played it conservative despite the menu, she had grilled chicken and I had fried hallibut. They were both amazing perfection and lovely at 3.99 each. The fried shell burnt my fingers as I gobbled it down.I also did try one of the tamales, again playing it conservative with chicken. It was perfection, and the sauce was an interesting chicken gravy. This was also 3.99.Due to awesomeness, I will be back soon to explore the more interesting items on the menu: eggplant parmesan, raisin and nuts and caramel apple tamales. On weekdays they have pozole, on Saturdays they have Menudo. They also have a beer selection.
4	We made it here for happy hour which offered some pretty good deals from 3pm-6pm.  2 for 1 margaritas...although I wouldn't call them margaritas technically...more like Tropical Smoothie w/ tequila..but who gives a crap at $2.50 a pop???  1/2 off nachos and 2 for 1 puffy tacos which is basically a pita made of cornmeal then deep fried w/ all the fillings of a taco.  They also had 5 coronitas for $4 which is a great deal too.  I may have to ride a bicycle here the next time I come.The tamales were awesome.  $4 a pop but 2 would fill you up fine.  We also tried the chili relleno which was only ok.  The atmosphere is nothing special but the staff is supernice and Espee herself greeted all the patrons and was really sweet.  I hope this place is successful.
3	Oh Espee, you have gotten way too expensive.  A three item combo is, get this, SIXTEEN DOLLARS!   I can go to a beautiful restaurant like Agave and not pay this price for a taco meal.  And it really seems like the tamales at Espees have gotten smaller.  And the salsa bar is completely disgusting now - what happened to the pico de gallo? They still have a pretty good happy hour with 2 for 1 margaritas and half price nachos - but I had to knock down my four star review to a three because of the ridiculous prices and shrinking portions.  Why do order at the counter restaurants try to charge the same prices as a sit down restaurant?
3	I'm kind of torn on the rating here. On one hand, the food was mediocre. But on the other, the items were sexy cheap. So the thing that confused me, was this place had the word "gourmet" in its name. But you walk in and its like a Del Taco or Baja Fresh. You order from the counter. You bus your own table. You can order ala carte or you can order plate lunch style (one or two items plus refried beans and Spanish rice). They have lots of vegetarian or seafood options, always a plus for me. I was also confused about the service. I think it was supposed to be a strictly order-from-the-counter, get-your-own-fountain-drink kind of place, but because it was so slow, the counter help was more attentive and accommodating. I ordered a two-item combo, $8 or $9. I wanted to try the chile relleno and a gourmet eggplant parmesan tamale. My bf ordered a two-item combo as well, but he got a chile relleno and gourmet pork tamale. Our other friend just got the chile relleno, her favorite, she said. The chile relleno by itself was cheap, less than $4. After we put in our order, the counter girl came back to tell us there was only one chile relleno left, so of the three we ordered, two would have to be subbed out. So I sacrificed mine and my friend did, too. I ordered a fish puffed taco instead. Then she came back and told me they "found more chile rellenos" so we could all have our chile rellenos again. But I said I'd stick with the fish taco and just try a bite of my bf's chile. Then she came back out again and said they didn't have the eggplant parmesan. So I reverted back to the chile. I thought it was a little scary that they lost food and then found it. While you wait, they serve chips and there's a salsa bar. The food was well worth the price. The I've had better on the chile relleno, but then again, I did only pay $8 for a plate. The chile was pretty standard chile relleno. The puffed taco was a'ight. It was like a little taco salad on a flat, puffy corn tortilla. My only gripe with that item was the shredded cabbage was kind of not well shredded and clumsy. The only dessert they had was sopapillas. In one order, you get six small sopapilla triangles, no filling, with cinnamon and sugar and honey to dip. It wasn't great, but it was only $3-something. We actually hit this place up to meet with some business partners. The music was a little too loud to carry on a serious conversation. But my bf asked the counter girl if she could turn the volume down un poquito and she obliged. I would not go out of my way to try this place. I'd hit it up out of convenience. But I'd rather come here than Del Taco. * off-the-strip, non-casino.
1	customer service  - okaypresentation  - pooratmosphere  - okaytaste  - poorWe spent around 28.00 for 2 people and got the same amount of food as you would get at a Chipotle for maybe 14.00 thing is not so much the same as the fact that neither me or my boyfriend where happy with our food. I LOVE LOVE LOVE tamales...these where not very good and they are pretty small. I got the green chili and cheese one and the desert one a la mode... they forgot my ice cream. My green chili tamale had a cream sauce with a strange texture to it- sort of jelly like. The taste was not much better.Over all I really wasn't too happy with this place. Sorry folks.... I know it looks good- cute little sign and sounds simple enough yummy tamales but in my opinion not so great!!
1	Over priced...Not authentic Mexican!  Tamales are small and too expensive! the Chef and Owner need to re-think their whole menu and price. Not worth the money whatsoever!  The Tamales are about 1/3 of how big they should be! Don't bother there are better hole in the wall places worth your time, taste and money...Sorry Espee but your over priced, your tamales are too small and it's not authentic Mexican what you sell just a knock off of Chipotle!HAHAHA THEY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS!
