3	You can do worse than Woody Anne's. Looking like nothing so much as a northwoods WI tavern dropped into near east side Madison, this cozy throwback is a fine place to waste an evening. The drinks are big and strong, the jukebox is better than you'd think, and the clientele is worth the random conversation. Plus the famous shuffleboard table. So, why only three stars? A couple of reasons; first, cramped is a generous way to describe the atmosphere. Second, the beer selection is really not good...unless you're striving for legitimacy with your bottle of Pabst/Schlitz...then, by all means, let your affectations fly. And third, the prices are surprisingly high, which is a problem of perception as much as anything. The "townie" atmosphere makes you assume your $20 will last all night with change left over. Not nearly true. The times I've been there, pints were around $4, which isn't bad, but not what you think you'll spend. But, hey, I quibble. Go in on a night Don is working and have him make you the biggest brandy old fashioned you've had in a while. Then have another. Then take a nap on the shuffleboard table.
3	Love the location - everything about it makes you feel like you are in the middle of WI. Super small inside though.The night we were here, they had live music- that was funny. The shuffleboard table is great also.
3	Woody Anne's is not the worst place.  It's also not the best place - a definite dive but also that seedy kinda dive that makes you want to take a shower.  At least it feels that way.  The people are nice - it's not a rough crowd.  So I guess there's really no logic backing my feelings up but I guess that's why they are called feelings.  Happy drinking!  Oh and they have shuffleboard!
4	Recently discovered this place and have come to really enjoy it.  Don't visit if you're expecting an upscale or hipster experience - this is a pure tavern with a limited beer selection, slightly wobbly barstools, low ceilings, limited space, and a seasoned crowd.There are three beers on tap, including Spotted Cow.  The taps come in a 10oz mug; otherwise, there's a narrow range of canned and bottled beers - I usually go with a PBR.The mixed drinks are excellent; the bartenders know their way around a highball glass.  They're also really nice folks - easy to chat with, interesting, and attentive.  As others have mentioned, there's a decent jukebox (it's internet connected, so you can find nearly everything), and then of course there's the shuffleboard table.  Don't worry if you don't have a balanced/complete team - there will be someone that you can recruit from the bar to join.Nothing really new to share here, other than to say don't hesitate to swing by here for a beverage or two.  As another reviewer said, "You can definitely do worse than Woody Anne's" and that's a statement I'd echo.  It's a bit of a haul for me to visit the place, but I'm always glad when I do.
5	this place has a shuffleboard table and a nice dive bar ambiance.  Don the weeknight bartender was voted best bartender in Madison by the Isthmus' reader's choice poll.
4	A true, authentic dive in the most accurate sense of the word. There's neither pretense nor irony, either. This place has cheap-ish beer, decent shots, a great jukebox and patrons with good enough taste to make the right decisions when pumping money into it.It's small and I'm pretty sure it's not air conditioned. However, this is a great down-to-earth place to while away some spare time. Nice people. As others have said, Don's a great bartender too.Cash only, 'natch.
5	Now that I live next door, I've really come to appreciate this place. Want a pizza? They'll cook it to your exact specifications. Want a drink? Don and/or Ted will mix you up right. Prices are super reasonable. Crowd is always fantastic. Such a great neighborhood joint!
5	My first ever trip to Woody-Anne's involved a lady at the bar a) showing off a pic that proved ghosts exist cuz of an "orb" that is inexplicably present(?), b) flashing me her boobs for a drink that she never actually took me up on, and c) giving me an epicly gross (DRIPPING) wet willy, all in the span of Fleetwood Mac's "Landslide" which soundtracked the whole experience.The evening ended with me and the bartender watching a M.A.S.H. rerun in what was by then an otherwise empty bar.Needless to say, this is my New Favorite Place.
5	If this place were called Cheers, call me Norm. The small town feel with big, helpful personalities is exactly what I expect from a hole in the wall and WA is nothing less. So thrilled that Steve L got me there! Cash only!
5	Totally unpretentious, totally Wisconsin, and totally cheap. I love hanging out here.
5	This is definitely a true Midwest neighborhood type bar! Sadly - those are hard to find when living so close to the capitol so I was very happy when someone brought me here. It's small, dark, and has tons of decor & signage that reminds you of what state you're in. Oh, and shuffleboard of course! Like everyone else has already pointed out - it is cash only so don't forget to hit up an ATM before coming here.
