5	Barry Schoenman is perhaps the friendliest (and the most talkative) shopkeeper in this city. These places are few and far between in Phoenix and the more we can support them the better. I've been shopping at this store for years ever since I started wearing a suit to work back in 2003. Infact, I am wearing a suit right now that I purchased from Barry in 2007 that still wears like new. It was $200!He is a nice guy, has great prices, and can special order anything. It's no wonder he has such a loyal customer base.
5	Found this place after having searched the valley for a charcoal grey suit that we liked.  Absolutely Fabulous!!  It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside and is pretty basic on the inside but the suits are beautiful and all ridiculously priced.  Barry treats his customers as if you are in an "old school" suit shop right in Manhattan!  He know his stuff!  The membership "fee" is a non-issue...$25.  We received excellent, and I mean excellent, service and purchased a beautiful pin striped Ralph Lauren suit for less than $150 (that's with tax and fee)...Awesome!  Bargain of the century!!  Go there...you won't be disappointed.
4	I stopped by the other day to see what this place had to offer based on the previous reviews.  I walked in and Barry was there, and greeted me with a smile and a handshake.  Barry sat me down, asked what I was looking for, and I filled him in on what I was looking for.  He took one look at me and knew my size, and everything.  Barry was very easy to work with.  I was not ready to buy my suit, but without a doubt, I will be going back ASAP to be taken care of by a professional.  I would have given 5 Stars, but I haven't officially made a purchase yet, although I know I will be working with Barry from here on out.
5	Barry has now become "my guy" for suits. You want to get a great suit for a great price? I have a guy... Barry is a pro! I have never had anyone be so helpful when it came to buying a suit. I'm torn between telling people to just go the Barry and not waist their time going anywhere else, and saying go shop around so that you will appreciate the great deal. I appreciated the fact that he was up front about all the costs: $99-all suits, $15-all ties, $20-all shirts, and a one time $35 club membership. Next time I visit him I know exactly what I'll be spending, NO SURPRISES! Next time I see you Barry, I'm leaving with that blue suit.
5	Barry is a man of class, elegance, and knowledge. He is one of those people that you have no problem spending money with becuase you know that what he is telling you is the truth.  I am 6"1', 145 lbs, not an easy suit to fit. I spent $700 at dillards for a ralph lauren suit cut to me that looked fractionally as good as the $300 calvin klein suit barry had cut for me from thier factory and delivered to my house. I havent even mentioned this suit was for my wedding, so this also leaves me needing matching suits for my groomsmen, whom i feel comfortable saying are for the most part slackers. Berry has them all looking like productive members of society and I can promise you, this in itself was no easy feat. Barry is a pro. He is a "suit guy." I will never buy a suit from anyone else in my life so help me god.
5	I need a suit ASAP, I procrastinated. Barry put me in a new, beautiful, matching  Ralph Lauren suit, under $200.  This was the best place for me to get a suit, Barry pulled suit after suit of great garments that were my size. I didn't waste any time. This is a guy that knows how to dress a man the right way the first time.I normally would spend hours at TJ Max or Ross and walked away with a sort of matching or slightly irregular suit for the same price.
5	Barry is the owner and one of the nicest guys around. He knew how all of his suits fit and gave great recommendations. It was my first time buying a suit and it was painless. I do not need a bunch of suits but I cannot wait to go back and get another one. Best prices around and a classy guy. Cannot ask for more.
5	Barry was very accommodating in a short amount of time.  I called right when it opened and I walked out the same day with a great suit.  The service is unbeatable and I would recommend it to anyone in need of a new suit on any budget.
5	Barry is easily the best, and most friendly retailer I've met. I would and will recommend him to everyone for buying suits and tuxes.
5	I dont like to give five stars anymore, but this place deserves it. So soming from CA, our idea of business dress is fairly casual.  I mean, if you happen to go to Saddleback Chuhrch in Mission Viejo, Pastor Rick Warren wears Hawaiian shirts and loafers with no socks on a constant basis.  Of course, the congregation does the copycat thing and follows suit.  So I had a presentation at the regional hospital headquarters in Phoenix and I thought, "Hey! If Pastor Rick Warren of Saddleback Church does this thing, I can too!".  Nope.  All the big MDs were from the east coast and they are old-school proper.  I am just a small fish MD from CA, who does not understand this dynamic.  My first meeting with these guys didnt work out well.  I was considerably under-dressed.  So Mens Apparel Club came to my rescue.  Suit fitted and tailored  in 10 hours.   I looked so good, all the nurses at the hospital came up to me and wanted my phone number so we could possibly hook up later.  Then I woke up...Thanks Mens Apperal Club.
5	Barry is the man. He will hook you up and leaving you wanting to come back. He exclusively sells suits, well shirts and ties as well I guess. Believe it when everyone says he's the best price in town. He is likely the best price in the country, and that's no lie. All that value with a friendly conversation to boot.If you're looking for men's suits this is where you need to stop. Save yourself the trouble and skip trying to shop around at department stores, specialty stores, men's warehouse, or even direct from a manufacturor's storefront. Barry has what you need at a price you just can't say no to.Basically, you can't afford to shop anywhere else, 3 for the price of one just can't be beat.
5	Incredible store incredible experience. Not only the cheapest prices in Arizona but the whole country. Barry, the store owner, no bs approach is a breathe of fresh air.  Check the store out and you will leave a life long customer.
5	So after reading these reviews, this place almost seemed too good to be true (some of the reviews sounded almost rehearsed). Anyway, I went to check it out and I came away very impressed. I brought my girlfriend along to be the judge of how each suit looked on me, and she was equally impressed.Barry is a very nice, very old-school guy. He doesn't work on commission (which explains the low prices) and he cares about his customers. The guy just knows his stuff, too. I told him some general things I was looking for and he pulled out a ton of jackets for me to try on. He doesn't try to sell you a specific suit, he just lets you try on everything you want and lets you make your choice. He's honest, too- he let me try one on that, before I even wore it, he said it probably wasn't the right one for me due to how the pants generally fit the wearer. My point is he is not trying to get you in a suit and get some money, he wants you to have a lot of choices and figure out whats best... and its all your choice, he isn't pushy whatsoever.I got a really nice suit, dress shirt, and neck tie, and alterations (pant length and jacket fit) for $250. As of now, I only have a need for one suit, but should I ever need or want another I will absolutely go back here.PS he gives you free pocket squares... not huge deal, but still pretty cool.
2	This is an odd and confounding review to write. This place has got solid five star reviews, so it looks like I'm going to be the odd man out here in the experience I had when I visited.My girl and I are getting married soon, so the other day we decided to start yelping places to look for a suit. We found Men's Apparel Club shining like a beacon amongst the mostly scathing Men's Wearhouse reviews. It was a no brainer...an affordable and well reviewed local business...I had my mind made up and my credit card in the holster ready to buy if I found something decent.Upon walking in, we were promptly greeted by Barry and had a quick discussion regarding the style I was looking for. He quickly found a suit that was right down my alley and that I could easily see myself getting into. This is maybe where we got off on the wrong foot. As Barry was talking about the suit, my fiance got out her phone to show him a picture of her dress, just to get his opinion on if they would match or not. She was quickly given a 'sweetie...no pictures' warning, as Barry thought she was getting her phone out to take pictures. This is fine, I understand his reasoning behind this, but the experience went downhill at this point. What happened from here...I'm still confused about. I began to ask questions about the suit, as he allowed me to try the coat portion on and educated us on the ins and outs of buying a suit for a good ten minutes or so. I liked how the coat fit, and was definitely thinking I needed to try on the whole get up. That's when he hit us with this...I quote:"I know I'm wasting my time with people like you. You're not gonna buy here, and I know that. You're gonna shop around and do what you do. That's okay. I don't mind helping you out. I really don't. You know why? You're young and you don't know any better. You gotta learn this stuff some way. I feel like it's my duty". This statement didn't sit well with me right off the bat. There's nothing worse than being told what sort of person you are. Stereotyping/assuming to this level is something I've rarely experienced in a retail situation. I don't tolerate it in my personal life, and absolutely won't stand for it when I'm voluntarily looking to give someone my business. I let it slide and moved on.We both at this point made a concerted effort to let him know that we were in fact very much considering buying a suit at his establishment. I even at one point said "I haven't heard the best things about Men's Wearhouse and other similar places, so I'm absolutely interested in making the purchase here if we can find something". I tried to make several not so subtle hints, that I was in fact very much wanting and willing to make a purchase with him, but he wasn't hearing it for some reason or another. He continued to almost 'anti-sell' us from this point out. It was extremely odd. It was like the opposite of being at a car dealership. We felt as if we couldn't try on suits or buy anything there even if we wanted to. He made multiple comments regarding shopping around at other places and continued to minimize our intention to buy. The odd thing was...he gave us all sorts of good advice regarding the ins and outs of buying a suit. However, at the same time he seemed unwilling and uninterested in selling us one personally! After about 25 minutes we finally decided it was time to go, as we really didn't feel very welcome. On the way out of the door I tried one more last ditch effort to let him know I was interested, it went like this:"So, if I end up deciding on this suit would I be able to come back in early October to get everything going?"Barry - "October...I may not be around. You'll probably have to go elsewhere". This was the story of our trip to Men's Apparel Club...the underlying feeling that our business wasn't wanted. I'm really not sure why or how this happened, some possibilities come to mind:-Communication style differences causing some sort of misunderstanding.-The phone issue getting the idea in his head that we had no intention of buying.-Us being young and Barry not taking us seriously.-Barry possibly having previous bad experiences with shoppers like us, leading to an unfair stereotype.-Some other issue I haven't thought of or didn't realize.It's too bad we had this experience, because the truth is. This place has the best prices in town by far.My suit at Men's Apparel Club - less than $250My suit at Men's Wearhouse - $600So in the end, I don't doubt that this is a great place to buy a suit for some people...it just wasn't for us based on our experience. Maybe I caught Barry on an off day, I'm not sure. Maybe Barry doesn't even realize the bad taste we left with. I'm now left in the odd position to thank Barry for all the great advice he gave me on buying a suit, then scratch my head and ask him why he didn't seem to want to sell me one.
5	At 6'4 270, I am not a easy guy to fit, Barry was one of the coolest old men I have ever met, Got me a tux for a wedding and a general black suit tailored out the door in an hour, his tailor carmen is a little bit of a character, wont start until you pay her, but other than that the experience was a good one, definitely going back, he will order any suit you want and beat any price, For the suit and the tux, I was out the door for 250$ tailored. Bring him cash and he will give you a 10% discount.
5	I'm often dubious when I read reviews that mention people by name. They are almost always Spelp (Spam+Yelp). So I was naturally apprehensive when ALL the reviews here talk about Barry this and Barry that.Except, this place IS the exception. It's Barry's store and wouldn't be what it is without Barry and his unique personality. He is chatty, friendly, knowledgeable and very experienced. It doesn't hurt either that his quality is great and the prices are amazing.I'm in a suit every day and was looking to add 2 new suits to my wardrobe. Barry instantly knew my size and had me trying on jackets within minutes. Two great suits, including alterations and tax was less than $400 - that's about the same as one lesser quality suit at Jos A Banks or Men's Wearhouse.Thanks Barry!
5	Great prices. Barry will fit you to the T. When you come in he will ask you question on what you are looking for and wont just try to sell you any suit. Check it out. You wont be dissapointed.
5	I make the drive from Flagstaff to buy suits from Barry.  One visit to Barry's shop, and you too will have a suit guy.
5	Good prices, good guy. Haven't owned any suits, and he walked me through the process, and helped me to understand why one looked better than another.Without hesitation will come back.
2	I've been wanting to meet Barry ever since the News did a story on him some time ago when he was Downtown on Monroe St., thinking it would be Great to do business with a True Professional who could fit me properly. - Finally... I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd drop in to check him out as I WILL be ready for another suit soon, though Not Yesterday when I dropped in, which seemed to peeve Barry some... I Understand he has Other things to Do and he Wasn't expecting me... No problem, I Respect a man & his Time... I hung out long enough to get a good feel for the store, Prices, etc.- I waited for Barry to complete a phone call before engaging in a short conversation on my way out, asking him how business was & if he was as busy as he liked, [because I LIKE to make referrals to  Businesses], to which he responded that he likely Had ALL He could Handle... "So does that mean you Don't Want any More Business, I asked"? He said he DIDN'T, that he Had as Much As He Could Handle, DIDN'T Want More, Had his 'Clientele'... at which point I asked for clarification... "Does that mean I Wouldn't be able to make an appointment to come in then"? Probably Not, says Barry.- SO... There you Have it... NO Need To Bother Barry... He Has PLENTY of Business... Better to Go To The Suit Shop On Central Just South of Camelback Instead... No Matter Where I go, OR How Wonderful Barry's prices might be, I WON'T Be Spending a Dime with Barry Because HE Could Care LESS, which Kills me because I Especially like to do business with AND refer 'Natives' from my Hometown, Chicago.
5	I got my son a suit for his graduation from 8th grade. There was 4 guys in front of us. We were in and out of there in 30 minutes. Berry was on the ball. My son wears a 38 R. Within 5 minutes Berry was showing me the difference from my son's torso from the different styles of fit to give him an awesome look. Price-----whole sale $525.00. Berry's price $165,00, 30-40 bucks to fit---out the door for about $213.00. Awesome suit. I wear dress close frequently, I'll never but another suit anywhere else. Great place.
5	This is a place for someone who never bought a suit, someone who wears a suit every day, and all people in between.  I came in to look for suits for work and one for my wedding.  I came away with exactly what I wanted at half the price I had expected.  The owner is knowledgeable, very personable, and absolutely a pleasure to work with.  He will tell you what works and what doesn't and with his years of experience, I would recommend listening.  There is a VERY good seamstress on the premises for alterations and fitting.  I should know since half my family are tailors and seamstresses.
5	My cousin, Sommer, recommended my husband and I go see Barry for a new suit. My husband is graduating with his degree in December and needed a new suit for job interviews. Barry was extremely helpful and had great advice on what sort of colors and fit would be best for the type of work my husband will be doing. We were very happy with our purchase! A couple days later, my husband was at Macy's and saw the exact suit he bought for $650! We will definitely be returning! Thanks Barry!
5	After 10 years in the military when making the transition to the corporate world I had no idea where to start in buying a suit. After spending way too long on-line reading every article or forum I could find, I stumbled across someone raving about Men's Apparel Club. After checking out the reviews on Yelp I was confident I had the right place and made an appointment to see Barry. The guy was fantastic. Knew exactly what I needed, and explained everything as he helped me to put together a couple great looking suits. I had my wife with me and he asked her opinion on everything, from suit color to ties, he made sure she was just as happy with it as I was. I walked out of Men's Apparel Club feeling like a million bucks and wont be buying a suit from anywhere else from now on. If you need a new suit, Barry is the man to see.
5	I was desperate for a suite, had no idea what I was doing, and really needed help. A "you're on your own" department store just wouldn't cut it.  I needed a pro to help select and fit a proper business suit.This place absolutely fits the bill. Professional attentive service. Great prices. Exactly what I was looking for.
5	I was in the need for a couple of suits for work, always had anxiety that I was "that guy" who didn't own a suit, but truthfully I've never absolutely been in the situation where I needed one.  Now that I am going to be traveling for work and attending executive briefings, it was time to pull the trigger.Right of the bat I knew I didn't want to go to a retail chain such as Men's Warehouse or Burlington Coat Factory, nor did I want to go the upscale department store route, this led me to Google and Yelp and the compelling reasons buying my suits at Men's Apparel Club was an open and shut case.The wife and I walked in, were immediately greeted warmly by Barry, the proprietor of Men's Apparel Club.  I explained to Barry that I was 44, didn't own a suit and was in the need for two suits for work.  Barry asked a few questions regarding preferences in addition to a little ribbing regarding him putting me into a $1000+ suit.  All joking aside, I told Barry the colors I was interested in, and we were off.  First jacket I tried was pretty much dead on, along with the second, and then same for the slacks.  Truth be told the jacket and slacks need minimal tailoring for length and that's pretty much it.Barry is a consummate suit salesman and store owner who takes the utmost pride in his business and how his customers look and how they are treated.  I felt like the most important person in Barry's existence while I was shopping in his store, he provided suggestions on everything from shirts to belts and a huge assortment of ties.  Barry professionally mocked up probably about 40 or so ties with the different suit/shirt color combinations I had chosen so I could gauge how I liked each and every combination of the ensemble.I was almost disappointed when all was said and done and it was time to head out with my purchase to have it tailored down the street.  Barry's type of customer service and pride in his company and product is rarely seen anymore these days and I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.Ultimately I purchased two suits, two shirts, a pair of shoes and nine ties for less than I expected to spend on a single suit, and yes, they look and feel damn fine.  Thanks for everything Barry.  I will certainly return in the very near future.
5	I've been a customer of Barry for many years, ever since he was located in a closet on Monroe Street in downtown Phoenix.  Barry's customer service skills are a culmination of almost 60 years in the men's apparel business. Since I'm in the relative age group, the professionalism that Barry provides reminds me of days gone by when buying a new suit was a pleasant experience with a knowledgable and patient clothier.  Whether this is your first suit or 50th, I wouldn't suggest anyone but Barry.
5	This is the only place to buy suit! Excellent service! Ask for Barry.
5	Had a wonderful experience at Men's Apparel Club.   I got a new job that requires a suit. Before this I have never had to wear a suit and stared looking at Dillard's with no luck, so I pulled out the old smart phone, looked up "men's suits"and found Men's Apparel Club. I called and talked to Barry, from the moment he picked up the phone I felt like I was in good hands. He told me he had some time before his next appointment and would be happy to help me. I left Dillard's and headed to Men's Apparel Club right away. Upon walking in he already had some jackets set as side for me to try on. The overall experience was quick, painless and he gave me a great deal, and I was on my way. I will return to Men's Apparel Club for all my suits from now on. I highly recommend this business.
5	I was on the fence about writing this, only because I'm afraid I'll come back for another suit in a few years and it'll be three times as expensive, because there will be a line of customers out the door, and the rules of supply and demand will take effect.Barry is the guy who owns and runs Men's Apparel Club. He's been fitting people with the right suit for years. He knows his stuff. He does not make a huge profit on suits he sells, and he's okay with that. What this means for you:Barry sells incredibly high-quality suits, and you will not find a better price for them anywhere. ANYWHERE. He'll probably tell you that himself when you visit him. He means it. It's not just a marketing ploy. It's the absolute truth.Just please, please don't try to haggle with him. It won't go well for you. If you think you can find a better deal on the same suit somewhere else, he'll write down the details of the suit to help you out. Then, when you come back to him, apology written all over your face, he'll expect you to grovel a little. And you should.
5	Barry was extremely helpful and I will be sure to be a repeat customer. Great experience!
5	Barry is a man of his word. I needed a tux for a wedding recently and he took care of me like it was my own wedding. I should first comment on his prices. I openly shopped him around and he by far has the best quality stuff at the best price. Mens Warehouse had the same tux but you have to buy two to get a deal and who needs two tuxedos? Turns out the tux I bought from Barry was shipped late by the manufacturer so Barry lined me up with a second one in the event mine didn't come in time. It did so all was well but it's nice to see that he was willing to do whatever needed to be done for me. I joined the membership and now get even better deals than before
2	Was told to go somewhere else by the owner. Guess our business and pleasant attitude just wasn't serious enough for him. Went here because it had such great yelp reviews and thought it was the best place to start our wedding suit shopping 3 months before the big day!Unfortunately we were told that this is NOT the first place to go by the OWNER himself. Apparently he wanted us to shop around at all the other suit places so they could do all the work of having us try suits on and he could skip out on it. He wouldn't even allow us to try on a suit!!!  He said "It just takes so much time with people coming in and trying suit after suit on". Man that poor guy owning a suit shop, who knew people would actually want to try them on? So the customer service is non-existent unless you're willing to walk in and know exactly what you want right away. I'm not sure if he thought we weren't serious about buying suits or that we could afford it. We DID however take his advice and go shopping somewhere else... where we bought our suits... with someone that was willing to actually let us try them on!
5	I needed a suit...tomorrow. Barry hooked me up with a beautiful suit at a great price. I love his energy, enthusiasm and knowledge fromhis 50 plus years as a clothier. Highly recommend.
5	I can't really add anything to what's already been said. Barry was fun, patient, helpful and best of all, his prices rock! As long as he is doing his thing, I will recommend him to anyone in the valley looking for a suit.
5	Barry was an amazing guy to deal with. Ended up coming down to Phoenix for a wedding and decided not to pack a suit, shirt or shoes. Had no expectations walking in but as soon as I went in, he greeted us with so much warmth I knew yelp had got this right on again. After I told him I had brought nothing he went right to work. The first set I tried on it seemed as if he read my mind as to what colour & fabric I wanted. Tried a couple other things for comparison sake but ended up going with what was suggested at first. He was so knowledgeable and personable I ended up buying a suit, shirt, tie, shoes, belt & he even threw in a pair of socks for me. The whole set ended up around the same price as a comparable suit alone somewhere up in Canada. Honestly though, his experience and attitude are what make him so endearing... the price is just the cherry on top.
5	This is the only review you need to read. I will not be biased on my experience, but I'll shoot it straight.Lets start with Barry, because honestly, he's the only reason why you wouldn't buy a suit from Men's Apparel Club, because the suits are amazing and his prices can't be beat.Barry is from Chicago originally. Born from in an era where being politically correct and having a verbal filter was an option at most. He's also retired. "Then why does he own a suit shop if he is retired", you may ask. The answer is simple. When you retire, you have a plethora of time on your hands and not much to do with it. He owns a suit shop because he ENJOYS it and he is doing what he loves. He doesn't do it for the money, because frankly, he makes $40 off each suit regardless of how expensive it is. He's not in it for the money, and the lack of f@ck$ he gives about selling or not selling a suit can't get any lower. He's going to tell it how he sees it. He's not going to sugar coat anything. If he doesn't get a good vibe from you, or doesn't like you for any reason, he'll make it very clear and you'll be promptly told to leave. Now, with that being said, if you come in and are respectful, understanding that his knowledge on the matter at hand far exceeds yours (as he does this for fun and has been for over 20 years), and you are sincerely apologetic if you do something that might send you packing, you will have not only an amazing experience buying a suit, but you will also get some great advice and entertaining stories. At Men's Apparel Club, the customer is almost never right, so don't come in here with your inflated sense of entitlement. Check your ego at the door and be prepared to bask in the wisdom he offers and the radiance of how suave you'll look after he helps you find the perfect suit.Now, on to the suits. I went in expecting to get one, maybe two suits. I left with $685 worth of gear. 3 suits, 6 shirts, 10 ties, some cufflinks, and a couple stories he shared with me that I will not soon forget. He did not push any sales on me at all. Didn't heckle me to buy anything, but just showed me how friggin' slick I looked in the suits. The suits are what sold me. They are top quality at prices that made my jaw drop. I worked at a law firm downtown and would go into JoS. A. Bank on occasion and find cheap (quality) suits starting at over $1,200. I went to Men's Apparel Club and found a better looking and better quality suit for $185. WOWZERS! Honestly though, my favorite suit I bought was on clearance for $69!! Now his tie selection is second to none. There are nearly 300 UNIQUE ties on his wall, all of which are color coordinated. I could easily have spent an hour just going though each one. He knows exactly what he has on his tie rack, and was able to grab a specific tie from the back center section instantly that matched my shirt/suit combination so perfectly that I was in awe. The funny thing is, I would never have grabbed that tie in a million years, because I normally hate ties with flowery looking designs, but I was stunned at how that combination just POPPED!As with anything, when you go shopping for something and have little to know expertise on the item it is your shopping for, it's almost a guarantee that you will walk out having bought a stinking pile of manure. At least this is the case with me when I try and buy clothes as I am an I.T. guy with about as much fashion sense as your average programmer. You'd never know it now having the pleasure of purchasing from Barry. I could go to New York and dine with the Wolves of Wall Street and no one would think twice that I didn't fit in there at first glance. My wife on the other hand has forbade me to wear these suits for anything other than job interviews as she said, and I quote, "I have no desire to follow you around with a bat while I swat at the 'birds' (not the original word she used) trying to hit on you like they are fruit flies going for your ripe banana." Okay...okay...that isn't exactly what she said, but I knew what she was thinking when she looked at me after trying them on for her and her eyes quickly lit with the fires of hell when she thought of what it would be like when I walk around in public looking so gosh darn handsome.Now, any good review must have more than raving compliments. So here is the ONLY con that I can come up with, if you can even call it a con. Barry is not a tailor. When you buy a suit from him, you will need to have it professionally tailored someplace else. For me, that wasn't an issue as one of my in-laws is a professional tailor, so I was okay with that. If you ask him nicely, he can tell you of a few local tailors that have been in business for a few decades, but he will preface it by saying that it is not a recommendation as he does not know them or their quality of service. Your best bet is to hit up Yelp again for something that might fit your needs.
5	I cannot say enough about my experience at Men's Apparel Club. Let me say that before you step foot into this establishment you better be a real person. Barry will not put up with anything less. Now that you are in the store, relax..... Because Barry has the controls from here on out. He will take care of you as if you were best friends all of your life. He will make sure the suit is something that you will love. Good quality suites and even better a lifelong friend. Barry has taken care of me in a pinch situation prior when my grandma passed away. He got me in and out in one day with a perfect fitting suit. This last time, was for my wedding that Barry had a suit ordered for me. When it arrived it wasn't just a simple here you go pick up. He once again made sure it fit and I was happy with my purchase. Barry will always have a few seconds to talk about life and be a real human. He is definitely old school and I love it because somewhere in this world we decided that fake and no customer service was okay. There is no pressure when buy anything from Barry. He will even tell you to go other places and look before you buy something from him. Don't waste your time. Go straight to Barry and let him tell you some stories about life and walk away happy. Barry is truly an awesome guy! Thanks-
5	I just got back from MAC this afternoon, and my wife and I are absolutely pleased with Barry and the suits that we purchased.  Barry is chatty, kind, direct, and anything but a salesman.  We walked in, I told him I was looking to buy a suit, and he looked at me for 10 seconds, grabbed a jacket off the rack, and it fit perfectly.  Unbelievable.  He said, "I'm allowed one mistake" but he didn't need one.  He knows what he is talking about, and the suits fit so well (and breathed so nicely) that we ended up buying two.If you don't know much about suits (I didn't), and you are looking for high quality, reasonable price, and straight talk, walk in to MAC and be honest, tell him "I don't know much but I need a suit", and he will set you up.
5	We loved our time with Barry!  He was personable, so enjoyable, and so much help!  We saved a lot of money, Barry never rushed us as we asked question after question, and I felt like I spent the morning with a friend.  Thank you, Barry!
5	Where to start with this review? Barry is an amazing person to interact with. His polite attitude and humble demeanor far supercedes that of your average salesman. The respect he showed me felt as if I were the older gentleman and HE was the young lad speaking to an elder, not the other way around.AT NO TIME did I feel rushed, even though I walked in about two minutes before closing, and he insisted I come in, have some water, sit down and chat for a bit about why I needed a new suit. I must have kept him there an hour late, and at no time did he even reference we hurry so he could get home. In fact, he stopped and asked if I was feeling that way at all, just to make me more comfortable, which is a trait in a business man I can really appreciate.His prices are so good, I walked out of there with two new suits for about the same price I would have got one elsewhere. I brought cash to get the 5% discount, and fell short by a couple ten, Barry being the awesome guy he is, told me don't worry about, shook my hand AND sent me home with two ties on him!!!If you go anywhere else for a suit YOU CAN COMFORTABLY WEAR IN ARIZONA, you are wrong, plain and simple. Other places might have some fancy stuff, I agree, but Barry's entire stock is extremely nice tropical wools that make a HUGE difference in this heat. So, if you want a good deal, a fantastic experience and be comfortable in something you also look good in, trust me, at least walk in and talk to the guy.
5	This place is great!  I stopped by love oking for shoes, but he did not carry shoes.  However, he told me where I could find good men's shoes locally.  While I was there, I ended up buying a suit and I ordered a pair of slacks.  Barry is very knowledgable and interesting.  My new favorite place for suits!
5	Phenomenal!!!!!! If you need a great suit for a great price then you are crazy to go anywhere else. Barry, the owner, was extremely knowledgeable, helpful and just delightful to be around. I was a first time suit buyer, so instead of just giving me a few suits to try on he asked me what I needed the suit for and what "look" I was going for.  He immediately knew my size and got me 3 suits that fit perfectly and looked great. But he didn't stop there, he then showed me a couple dozen combos of shirts, ties and jackets and how to put them all together for the look I am going for. And the price is great! For less than the cost of one suit at Joseph A Bank (I'm talking just the jacket and pants), I got 3 suits, 5 shirts and 8 ties. Barry earned a lifetime customer today!
5	This is not your typical suit store.  A guy named Barry runs this place and he is definitely a character.  He'll let you know what looks good and what doesn't.  He won't necessarily cater to you just to make a sale, which I respect.  Don't get me wrong, he was extremely pleasant while I was there and I had a great experience.  In fact, I didn't even realize that I'd spent an hour just looking around the small store because he was like an entertainer.   You SHOULD go if: You have an idea of what you want. You're flexible with what you want.  You're looking for a low price.You should NOT go if: You don't want someone offering suggestions.  You can't roll with a few lighthearted punches.  You get jealous easily (he was harmlessly complimenting on another customers lady-friend throughout their purchase).Going forward, Men's Apparel Club will be my first stop when I'm looking for a suit.Also, I'm not a serial Yelper.  As a matter of fact, I went through the trouble of resetting my password just so that I could leave this review.
