4	I hate going into antiques places only to find that it's just filled with overpriced junk. The Antiques Mall of Madison is what a great antique place should be - tons of all kinds of great stuff, most at great prices.If you are into records, definitely stop by because there is a booth filled with a bunch that are really awesome and priced fairly.
5	I will never lie to you yelpers about what is great and what isn't.  The Antiques Mall of Madison is great.First of all, you have to WANT to be there, because I doubt you would be driving to that crappy strip mall for anything else.  (I do like that chinese place out front though).The owners leave you alone as you browse, an you could be in there all day!  It's my one stop shop for rolling pins, doilies, vintage easter decorations and old chairs.  Because, you know, I'm usually out looking for that stuff.
4	i drove out here from chicago before an evening engagement i had. i was a bit put off at first as it is located in a dingy strip mall -- though i don't know what i was expecting as most antique malls don't have prime real estate.i was greeted and then left alone to mosey along the maze of booths. the booths are not as eclectic as i would've hoped but there is a lot of stuff and most of it is reasonably priced. with the plethora of cups, saucers and plate ware you would think that some prices would drop. they were a bit pricey compared to similar items i have seen elsewhere. a bit partial to the mid-century i was disappointed that there were only two booth that gave me my fix. however, these booths were GOOD.this place gets such high marks because1) there is little, if any, junk. just good plain OLD stuff2) save for a couple of candles, there are no new booths trying to sneak in old-looking new things. i hate that.3) they are markedly green conscious: signs praising you for shopping second hand and keeping a three foot high stack of splayed-out newspaper for wrapping gifts. p.s. i left with a set of four cups and saucers, a mid-century teak planter, a retro canvas print (for $3!) and a chrome tray.
4	Great place, lots to look at with multiple vendor areas and good prices on most things. Didn't find anything I couldn't live without, but there's always tomorrow! :)
4	Wow, this antique mall seems to go on and on forever. It is huge and has a wonderful selection of collectibles. I am in the market for collectible books and they had so many books, that I could not see them all in this trip. There are a lot of kitchen items, dishes and vintage toys. This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon. The prices were reasonable. There was a check in offer and some of the dealers booths have coupons.
4	A decently curated antiques mall with a nice selection of types of stalls. Really friendly staff. Much nicer than many other antique places, but also not the fanciest around. Prices are reasonable (for the products) for the most part. But, of course, that's on a stall-by-stall basis. The only downside is the location. But that's totally workable considering what a great little antiques mall this is!
4	Great selection of fun stuff!  We stopped by on our way to Chicago and it was a perfect break in the trip to stretch our legs and browse.
4	You can spend a a whole day here and still not see everything.  There's something for everyone here. Great records too. Some items are a little pricey, but you're bound to find something that tickles your fancy.
