1	As a child my uncle use to bring me a Whataburger in New Mexico. I remember them being so large and crammed with tons of fixins. Not anymore! In fact, I took one bite and might as well have bit into a salt rock. I gave the rest to the dog. It was so unbelievably aweful. All I wanted was a taste of my childhood and what I got was a mouth full of artificial sodium. Does that mean my childhood was salty (grrr!) or bloated (bloated - ugh!) ... I guess one might say not to place childhood emphasis on a burger.
5	Huge props to the folks here! Right before midnight on Saturday night a big green bus rolls up with 17 drunks girls and guys... warning sign one. They proceed to storm the building to find that it is locked, closed except drive through.....flash mob warning sign two. The drunk girls somehow get them to open the doors, so they could use the restroom....we are in the closed building.... warning sign three. We proceed to order a shit ton of food, barely able to order in any sort of language that would make sense... warning sign...you get it. The food came out PERFECT, we were all super happy and happy to have a large hamburger bun in our bellies to help with "digestion" of previous liquid we had consumed. What-A-Crew ROCKS.
1	What-a-disaterMy very first experience at a Whataburger and I can not believe the variety of ways they managed to screw it up.I was the only person ordering but this place was such a disorganized, chaotic mess that ordering a meal took a solid 5 minutes and required two employees and a Manager.I got my meal and immediately realized that they'd gotten my order wrong. O...K, less fries and a larger drink are probably fine.But I got a jalapeno and cheese burger and the cheese isn't melted. the jalapenos have no kick and the whole thing is smothered in the cheapest most repulsive American style mustard you've ever eaten.I check out the fries and realize there is a 1 to 1 ratio of salt to potato. I have to roll them in a napkin just to make them palatable.And the strawberry shake tastes like a cold chemistry experiment.I hate wasting food but I looked at each item and had no interest in any of it so I gave it back to them and asked for a refund. The Manger didn't hassle me about the refund and I considered a second star but the food was just too bad to justify it.2013 #1 / 365
4	YUM! Night staff is the best! They are funny and always actually awake and attentive! I love this place and will always eat here.
5	First, the service was amazing!Second, the burger was amazing!Go.
4	I have always enjoyed Whataburger, this location is near my work. I usually bring left overs from home. But sometimes I get lucky and get to eat out!! As I say this time and time again. A fast food franchise is just that! So my expectation is not that high! I love their chicken BBQ sandwich! I get this every time I eat at Whataburger. You can compare this to the Carl's Jr BBQ chicken sandwich. Fries are a little salty at times, so I usually ask for no salt. Service was just fine, prices are a little higher? But you are not getting a Big Mac!! This will always be an option for me.
1	Being from Texas, I've had my share of Whataburger. This one is consistently horrible! Why would anyone want to eat a cold burger or chicken sandwich with less than fresh ingredients and a slice of cold cheese on top? And how about fresh lettuce instead of the old white chunks of iceberg? WAY too many other options out there to eat this crap.
4	Whataburger was the go-to, All-American spot before In-N-Out came to Arizona. I really don't see them around any more, but to run into one that's open 24 hours was refreshing.It's super cleanEveryone is politeThe food is above average for the industry. Get the patty melt. Whoever manages this location is doing a great job. I usually say "meh, it's just fast food" when it comes to Yelp reviews, but if you're on the freeway late at night and want a quick bite, go here.
5	Best Whataburger in all of Arizona trust me I been to all of them and i17 and Bethany Home Road is truly the best Arizona Whataburger plus they don't have moldy tea containers like all of the other Whataburger locations I have visited
4	Great on the go! Milkshakes are amazing, burgers fantastic, and price no my bad.  This is the best alternative when Chic-fil-a is closed and you can't take another day at McDonalds. Change it up.  Service is slower, but still amazing grub!
4	I have always loved Wataburger. Except one night when my bf and I went to grab a burger, they were having some kind of research group(taste testing their food). In the 20 mins we were there we watched them throw away at least 15-20 uneaten burgers. This made me so upset to see them waste so much, there are so many hungry people in this world. Other then this research group, i love that place
4	I've been here a several times. One of these visits was not the best. The chicken strips were not fully cooked when I got home. I called the next day (it was after hours and late) and the MOD was apologetic and offered to rectify the situation. Restaurant always clean and staff always friendly.
4	Whataburger is the best of the fast food burgers.  Maybe because regional not national?  Who knows but they make a pretty good burger pretty fast.   They also don't go nutsvover special requests.   This location also has a terrific postervof Barry Goldwater.
5	Went in this evening for a late night meal and I can honestly say it was THE most pleasant and enjoyable experience I have ever had at a fast food establishment! Marie was extremely friendly and very accommodating to our food requests  she was fast and efficient and our food was pipping hot and delivered to out table with a smile! I will be back because of her. She made my evening I wish there were more like her!
