1	Worst customer service ever! Period. OK, I'm not hard to please. In fact, I don't really care to have salespeople swarming all over me when I'm shopping. But, there is a difference between being annoying and being....not there. We went in here on a Friday afternoon at about 4:30PM. My son needed some new baseball pants. So we walk in the store and I would be shoked if there were any other customers in there besides us. I say this because one would think: poor economy + slow time of day = good service. NOT. EVEN. CLOSE. As we walk around the entire store looking for the baseball clothes we were not approached, greeted or even sneered at for at least 10 minutes. Other than finding one rack of overpriced Under Armor pants we decided it was time to ask someone if they had anything else. One problem however, there was no one to be found. So we start walking towards the front of the store and who do we see? Yep, 4....count 'em, 4 employees standing in the front having the time of thier lives. Ugh. Seriously nothing pisses me off more. We did find what we were looking for. And, stupidly, purchased the items. The only reason I gave them my money is because we were already there and I didn't feel like driving another 5 miles at that time of day to go to another store. But rest assured, I'll not make the mistake of shopping at Sport Chalet ever again. Convenience be damned. Oh, and as we were paying we did see a person whol could have been a manager but he seemed too preoccupied discussing scheduling with an employee so I didn't bother. Too bad, Sport Chalet. You would think that with the non-existent customer base you seem to have that you might want to step up and take care of the people who actually visit your store.
3	Service is ok. Shoe dept is solid. Not much staff help on the main floor areas. Sales are usually worth it otherwise full pop retail.
4	Hard to get some help finding an item despite a lot of staff around. But major plus is they give a discount for products being sent to our military serving over seas!
5	Great selection, super knowledgeable advice, excellent friendly helpful customer service. I love this place. Recommend highly
4	This location is great, never too busy and the staff is nice. I live close so it's easy enough to drop in and check out the clearance racks. We have purchased tennis rackets, shoes of all sorts, soccer equipment and clothing. I have never had any complaints and the return policy is fair.
5	I love going to this location, it is close to my house and they have the best customer service.  They have even honored coupons when they are expired and will match any price as well.  I like going through and getting sales on close.
4	I always like Sports Chalet.  My biggest fear is there are so many in AZ, that they will all disappear because they are always so empty. How do they stay in business?   I like the selections and really like this one on Lake Pleasants parkway.  They have a great selection of shoes and bikes.  I do all my annual bike servicing at Sports Chalet.  The tune up usually runs about $30-$40.  Please try and patronize these stores before they disappear.
3	I really like this location. Sports chalet is nice to go to but it is on the expensive side. I like to go in and browse. Once in a while there will be something I need there. I want the coupons my friend Angela gets.
