3	If you like an Ensenada strip club vibe, then Chicas Bonitas is your place. My boy Chad always insisted that we go there after a few pops at the Atomic Liquors on Fremont. Good selection of real friendly older latinas and big-bootied sistas. Hottest chick was probably a 7.5. Great experience, especially if you like Caesarean scars on your strippers. Cheap drinks and specials too. No cover. Cozy little club pumpin' out Spanish rock and rap. Lotta laffs... white boys won't feel threatened either.Big Plus: Taco truck parked out back so you can grub down, absorb the alcohol and avoid that DUI. I highly recommend the tacos al pastor. Viva las Chicas Bonitas!
2	I wanted to like this place. The girls are more "North Las Vegas" looking than "Vegas" looking, But that's not the problem I had with this place. Minus one star.  Secondly, the the music sucked. Bad. The dj talks thru the songs and it seems the girls couldn't get a good full dance without all the dj interruptions. That's why I took off another star.Main reason I gave this place only two stars...We came in at sat at the bar. Ordered a house whiskey and diet for my friend(mesured shot) and a draft 12oz. Dos XX for myself. $16. Eh. It's a strip club. It's Vegas. But come on now. :/So we sat there drinking our drinks and the bartender kept hounding us if we want another round. We were only a few sips in. Every 3 to 5 minutes asking us if we're ready for another round. Mind you, we were the only people sitting at the bar, cause all the couches were full of patrons. I can see why now no one was sitting at the bar. After watching the action for about fifteen minutes or so the bartender took my beer, which was about gone, maybe 1/4 left. And poured it out and the asked me if I wanted another one. I then told him that I wasn't finished with the one he took. And with a big attitude, poured a shot of bud light back in my same glass and plopped it down inf ront of me. What a douche bag. My friend, she was drinking her drinks. I was driving. I just wanted the one beer. It's not like we were taking up space at the bar. Since the friend I was with was way prettier then the dancers, they didn't hound us for lap dances. But I was putting tips in the G Strings. We were spending money. Mind you, this place is opposite of high end. It's a Mexican strip club. Matter of fact, I've been to better strip clubs in Mexico. I don't blame the girls on this one. It was the crappy employees and the dj set. I wasn't expecting much, from this lil shack in the bad part of town but someone needs to explain to the management about "YELP" and the customers who post on it. Would I go back? I'll give it another shot. I'll just drink first before I go. Oh and they frisk you when you come in, which gave me a false sense of security.
1	Went out with some coworkers last friday to chicas bonitas. We had a pretty good time,  with the exception of having to wait 20 mins for a jager bomb. I proceeded to wake up with strep, shoulda skipped the bomb. I may go back, but i will not touch the glassware
1	Not even going to explain how I ended up here, so let's just skip forward a bit and wrap this up quickly...I've been to nicer joints in TJ, and if my brother wasn't 6'5" and 280lbs, I don't know that I wouldn't have gotten mugged in the back alley.I think they should reconsider naming this place Chicas Gorditas.  It was not pretty.  Thank goodness for mas Tecates!  Even though the bartender forgot to change my $20 when we ordered 2 beers.  I didn't feel it would have been beneficial to our well being to pursue the matter though.  I'm a good tipper!  Chalking this one up to life experience...
3	So if you find yourself north of Fremont Street on Las Vegas Blvd (AKA: The Strip), you will find a gray area of tourist delights. I say "gray" because amidst Cashman Field, the new Neon Museum (a worthy stop - BTW), and other Vegas attempts at cultural enrichment you'll pass a two weekly hotels, two large cemeteries, and a massive homeless shelter. This area represents itself well as this is the area where you transition from Las Vegas city proper into North Las Vegas. The city where one Dr. Hunter S. Thompson once wrote: "North Las Vegas is where you go when you fucked up once too often on the Strip, and when you're not even welcome in the cut-rate downtown places around Casino Center."The border between the two cities is signified by a loop as if to warn you that this is your last chance. Here's your chance to go back. You've taken on glitter gulch and the Strip was too tame, but this is madness. You're in North Vegas now. The brave continue and find themselves welcomed to everything that makes North Vegas worth while. Jerry's Nugget Casino to the west occupies the next full city block. To the east, nestled between a title loan store and a pawn shop is Chicas Bonitas. Now it's notable to say that just beyond the pawn shop is the "world famous" Palamino Club. You're welcome to other reviews on that place. I haven't been there. On the surface, Chicas Bonitas looks like exactly what it is. A topless bar with a flair for Latino culture. A banner on the wall outside boasts an extended happy hour consisting of $2 draft beers and $5 pitchers. All other frills aside, this was enough for me to come inside and investigate.Upon entry, you're greeted by a "coat checker". Note that there's a $5 cover charge after 4pm with a sign saying there's a two drink minimum, so be forewarned. It's not nearly as much as other places and the lovely door woman who didn't waste my time with idle chat smiled as is she actually wanted to be there. Coming in from after work, still in my work fatigues (collared shirt/dark pants) I supposed that I seemed harmless enough.The space itself is rather small with two areas to feature pole dances. I get the feeling that at one point in this building's history that it was actually a dive bar and the "stages" were placed intentionally. To be honest, it was kind of a relief. I'm always so intimidated by these huge strip clubs. Here, I wasn't pressured by a swarm of skanks that were practically pushing me into the seat for a lap dance. I was able to actually get to the bar and put away a couple of those $2 drafts first. You can definitely tell who their primary clients are as there was a soccer match on the TVs and the Spanish speaking DJ played mostly Latin Rock and dance music. The was loud but if you found a good spot to sit, you could actually have a conversation with the girls... which brings me to my next topic.If you've made it this far in the review, you're probably banging your head on your desk wondering about the girls. So here you go... The girls there are "real" and from what I saw, consisted mostly of ethnic types. Sparse big bootied caramels with an array of spicy Latino ones to choose from. Now these girls aren't your typical "made of plastic" varieties you get at other places. The women here more like the "girls next door". These are women you could easily have seen shopping at Mariana's Grocery or picking up a Big Gulp at 7-11. So you're there but why are you there? Well, it's for the eye candy and maybe a little stimulation. The girls are very conversational. She'll chat you up while you have your drinks. They'll even flirt and hang on you. Best part is they'll let you flirt and touch back. Within reason, of course. Dances are typically $10 for a lap dance which consists of one cycle of the song. For $20 you can go to "the champagne room" for a more intimate experience. My $.02 -This place is a good little dive bar with the benefit of having boobies thrust in your face. Where other places put a facade of glitter and shine, only to find out it's a sleazy halfway house for washed up porn stars; this place is exactly what it shows. No intimidation factor. No blowing half your paycheck to pay for your dancer's next boob job. Cheap drinks and a casual atmosphere. *** - Three stars based on overall positive experience. Would recommend for the working guy looking to find a place to hang out. Wouldn't recommend for larger parties, though... especially on busy days.
3	We found this place on a Sunday night after being lied to about the charges to enter the Palomino club. Chicas Bonitas  is a little hole in the wall bar that the clientelle is probably 95% hispanic. We were made to feel welcome by the door man, bouncers and DJ and the bartender, BUT the ladies were a little standoffish to us. We were a group of 14 looking to drink and party it up and I think the dancers got upset cause our ladies were putting on a show dancing and being rowdy. We did have fun there, but we would have stayed later if the ladies would have interacted more with us. Drink prices were fair and the bartender was awesome. The DJ even played "wobble and the cupid shuffle for us". They made a night that might have sucked into a fun time.
5	Celebrated my brother in law and his birthday buddy's bday here! BEST TIME EVER!!!!! Pantera on,Drinks were cheap, flowing nonstop and the dancers were cool!! I've been to Vegas strip clubs and the dancers are practically begging you the minute you walk in the door, they're all over you, it's a hot mess!! Lol. Not here!! Girls were great, no attitudes and no begging!! No problems getting drinks or lap dances for the guys! GREAT MEMORIES, we will DEFINETLY be back!! We ALWAYS have a better time at the smaller places!!
4	This is the hidden gem of Vegas. The girls are very friendly and don't wear heavy perfume, And NO GLITTER! Drink pieces are a little high. But the natural girls make up for it. If you are in Vegas its a must see. And if your wife says she can't find a job she is lying to you. Plenty of openings at chicas!
