4	It's A Grind is a chain of very cool coffee shops in the western US. However, this location is my absolute favorite one. The owner (never got his name) is a really nice guy. The service is always amazing. You'll never walk into a Starbucks and they'll ask if you want your pastry warmed or they'll never off to bring you drink out to where you're sitting when it's ready. The art is funky, there is free Wi-Fi, and if you sit on their tiny patio there is even a bit of a Strip view.Their mango ice tea is my favorite. There are little things that make this place different such as using crushed ice instead of cubed ice, and the fact you can get your ice drink (whatever it is) in a 32 OUNCE size! It's overload but who cares?Also, this is an extremely dog-friendly coffee shop. Not sure if you can bring them inside, but you can definately have them on the patio. Whether at the counter or the drive-thru, the staff will provide a doggie treat. They can even provide a water bowl. Not to mention it's across the street from the biggest and probably most popular dog park in all of Vegas.DId I mention they have a drive-thru?
4	Great place to sit and chill out for a few hours, especially when one has a midnight hankering to go out without imbibing liquor.  Staff is always friendly and talkative.  Comfortable seating, but can get crowded pretty quickly inside. Usually always enough patio space though. Lots of students seem to frequent it and I see familiar faces most every weekend.The coffee & tea isn't all that fantastic however (though where is it that good in this city?).  Standard shake tea bags (loose leaf should be a standard by now) and coffee that's been sitting too long in their carafes.  However, their friendly atmosphere and eclectic music make up for this shortcoming in my opinion.
4	Very friendly staff. They also have Wi-fi, which is a bonus! Large variety of decaf or caf drinks, as well as some teas and smoothies.  The only issue is that their sweets are a little cakey and just okay. It's like eating dough rather than a muffin.
4	Like the coffee, does not have that starbucks burnt taste.
4	Great hot chocolate, too & no complaint if you hang out for 2 hours like we did one late nite as did some other group....  The iced huge 32oz drinks are fab when it's hot.
4	It's a Grind is a nice little coffee house off Desert Inn. It's located in a strip mall which takes away some of the appeal. But in Vegas, what isnt located in a strip mall??? LOLAnyway, they have great free internet if you purchase from them, a wide variety of coffee and blended drinks, and a good selection of tasty pastries. Except for the extra high prices, I enjoy going there. The music is usually not the typical canned variety, the decor is urban chic, and chairs are comfy, and the staff is always nice and knowledgeable about their products.  Good outdoor seating as well.Basically everything you hate about Starbucks has been fixed here, except the prices LOL.  Oh and to all the Starbucks employees out there: You guys are a bunch of pretentious fucking assholes who wouldnt know good coffee or service if it spilled in your lap. I pray for the day Star-chucks goes under.Oh yeah, and unlike so many other things here, they are open 24/7!!!!
2	Went here last week an ordered an iced nonfat/sugar free caramel macchiato but it tasted week and watery.  No coffee taste at all.Also, what is the point of stirring a caramel macchiato...that is why they are called macchiattos.I guess Im used to the Bux.
3	The coffee is fine in a pinch, but not necessarily super fresh since it appears to sit in large carafes for who knows how long.Really the reason to go is to get one of Selma's Buttercrunch brownies. It's a very rich and moist brownie with pieces of buttercrunch candy throughout. I devoured it.
3	I go to It's A Grind probably 4 times a month, due to it being close to where I work...I usually get an egg and cheese bagel or croissant, which are usually satisfying in the mornings. I also order their "freshly squeezed" orange juice...which is really just Odwalla orange juice...I was a little bummed out about that at first, but got over it. I do not enjoy their coffee at all. I think its some of the worse coffee I've ever tried from "chain" coffee shops. Pleh, sorry IAG. I believe I've tried maybe one of their pastries before? They have a decent size selection, but I don't ever order anything.They sell all sorts of things here. I've been going to this It's A Grind since last year and they seem to always be adding new things. Shirts, mugs, cigarettes, cigars. Also, I tried one of the sandwiches they just started selling, wasn't too impressed. Wouldn't order another one...
3	It's A Grind has been a place that I'll end up at with my partner(s) in crime after a long night.  We love to wind down with some coffee and conversation, and It's A Grind makes for a great place to do just that.  24 Hour coffee shop?  With board games to help entertain yourself?  Yes please.  If you stop by and see me there, challenge me to a game of Othello.  I would say that I play this game 90% of the time I stop by here, and I barely lose, so bring it on!  It's A Grind offers customers a selection of coffee, smoothies, blended coffee drinks, sandwiches, pastries, cigarettes, cigars... You can kill some serious time here depending on what you enjoy.  Overall I enjoy the fact that this place is 24 hours, but other than that it's just another coffee shop.  If it weren't for their hours, I don't think I would stop by so often.
4	Pros:Very good coffee.Free Wi-Fi.24 hours.Tiramisu is delicious.LOVE the vibe of the place.Cons:Overpriced cigarettes.Why are they selling cigarettes to begin with?It seems like you have to buy something in order to use the Wi-Fi(i'm not exactly sure though).Not big enough. Music is turned up too loud, thus making it hard to listen to music on your laptop or iPod Touch.Seeing that i've been riding solo quite a lot these days, this place has become my main hangout(since it seems that everywhere else would just be too awkward to go to alone). It may be a chain but it has a very unique feel(unlike Starbucks, which is so fake it's hilarious). And it has a very convenient location too, unlike The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf(which is another favorite of mine but in order to kick it there I either have to go all the way by UNLV or to the location on Town Square@215 which is the middle of nowhere to me). I really can't express how much I enjoy the vibe and ambiance of the place. I really can't go that much though, seeing that I AM trying to lose a significant amount of weight.
4	I go to this location a lot, I recently made my boyfriend a fan of this coffee place after his diet. I love the fact it's open 24 hrs. Anytime that I do go, their service is always great, the barista's are always friendly, they advertise their new drinks, but there's never any pressure. The weekends are the busiest, and a hangout spot for the younger crowds. Sometimes you can see kids rock out their acoustic guitars. I must say I love any of their blended drinks, they blend it very well. They also offer great pastries :)
3	Good coffee and friendly atmosphere. Place is way too small, thou. I really prefer the one at fort apache. Ordered a "road warrior" iced blended coffee and a banana nut muffin. Coffee was very good, pastry was OK. All fine for a Sunday afternoon and a good magazine. One thing I hated from this place was the amount freakin flies. Really annoying. Overall, its a fine place.
4	This is one of the greatest place to wind down after a long night because it's the only coffee shop I know off from the strip that's open 24hrs.  I've held many great conversations here with a good friend, good ambience, good crowd, and friendly bartista. Great place to study as well if you can find room to sit inside.
5	This is my first review so please bare with my inexperience. My 5 star rating comes from multiple factors: service, taste, environment, hours, and convenience.Service is talkative, quick, and precise. All the staff are willing to make weird concoctions I dream up of. For example, hot chocolate over ice with a caramel topping bottomed cup (greatest invention since I'm extremely sensitive to caffeine and usually show up here at 3am). Marco the manager always talks to customers, asking for opinions, and looking for ways to make the place a little more comfortable.The taste of the coffee here is a well balance of savory, bitter, and sweet. Desserts here are made in-house and very fresh. The sandwiches are always great. But what brings me here is the Tiramisu and Nutellamisu, both made in house. Perfect accompaniment to a hot drink in the twilight hours. I really love the environment here: lounge-ish, calm, hip hop, dance, trance music always playing in the background provides a mildly serene vibe for me. I'm usually here in the wee-hours of the night to study, normal hours are usually crowded so you might have to find your niche in time slots. 24/7 cafe and free wifi with purchase really make this place the perfect package. I'd recommend In The Grind on W. Desert Inn to EVERYONE.
4	i love it's a grind's white mocha and chai tea latte's. sweet and strong the way i like it. very gourmetesque. the 24 hour joint is so convenient. the trade-off though, is it's one of the only coffee houses in the area running 24, so everyone and their great grandmas are here. it's so hard to get a seat. even patio seating is large enough to get packed- but for the smokers. this one time, a group of us, about 8 of us wanted to come here for the reason it's open late,  there was no available seating. so we definately bought our drinks but ended up just parking our friend's tacoma near as possible and had our meeting in his truck bed. awkward huh. it's cool though that they offer free wifi.
1	Closed and converted to another coffee shop, seemingly overnight as well. I hadn't even been to It's A Grind in a minute. Aww, man.
4	Space Invader, Banksey, scrumptious coffee and baked goods.Relaxing and hip, Mad House (It's a Grind) Coffee is the perfect place to come relax and get some work done.  The Free Wifi is awesome (take note starbucks, you cheap monsters) and the coffee is brewed nice and strong.  Fear not lovers of frappe's and sweet drinks, they do those very well too.Looking around the shop, its clear that the owner put his heart into this place.  I love when the personality of the owners shine through in a business, and the artwork on the wall demonstrates this well.  Work by the street artists Space Invader and Bansky adorn the walls, along with some Keith Herring designs.  Not to rain on the Las Vegas establishments sense of art, but it was really refreshing to be in a place where Georgia O'Keefe prints or neon beer signs were no where to be seen.The pastries here are very tasty.  I sat down to a pumpkin tirmasu and an espresso recently.  The espresso was wonderfully bold and satisfying.  The pumpkin tiramisu was creamy, rich, and fun.  I wished I wasn't by myself, as the slice was huge and I couldn't finish it.  There is also a drive-thru and this place is 24 hours!  I forget the owner's name, but he was very nice.  He told me a lot of the artwork had special importance to him and his wife.  Things like this make a simple cup of espresso taste refreshingly fantastic.  They say the pasta in Italy is so much better because you're in Italy.  I found the coffee to follow suit here, since the atmosphere is so warm, welcoming, and wonderful.
4	MadHouse Coffee - where It's A Grind used to be. I'm not sure if it's still the same owners just with a different name, or a whole new establishment - either way, I don't really care. I've been going to this location for years. It's the closest 24 hour coffee shop to my house. I used to frequent this establishment about three or four times a week. It doesn't have the best coffee drinks I've ever tasted in my life, but he atmosphere is worth it. It's just very... chill. The baristas are always friendly and so are the patrons. You can almost always find someone interesting to talk to when you're bored. Has very limited seating on the inside, but also offers an outdoor patio - with plenty more space to sit. Obviously being one of the only 24 hour coffee shops in the area, it gets pretty busy at night.
5	Okay, so the menu is still exactly the same as It's A Grind.There's still free Wi-Fi.It's still open 24 hours.The interior decor is different, but it's actually better than the original incarnation. I loved the cartoon designs on the tables and the Pulp Fiction mural in the bathroom.Whew! What a relief.
4	It was "It's A Grind" but now "Madhouse Coffee."Free wi-fi, good crew, open 24hours, and they added more sandwich on meun.  nice...I was enjoy their crepe.If weather will be warmer I'll stay outside patio and enjoy my latte.
4	So excited to find a non-chain coffeehouse!  Very chill.  Relaxing atmosphere.  Cool art.  Good drink menu with room to experiment (hubby tried banana mocha and I tried peppermint white mocha)...yum!  We didn't get anything to eat, but the house tiramisu and muffins looked yummy and the sandwich list looked good, too.  Lots of vegetarian options for me! :)Will definitely try to frequent now that I know it exists...and it's 24 hours...for my nights of insomnia!
4	When I heard MadHouse Coffee was going to replace "It's a Grind" I didn't have any melancholy feelings, but some people I knew definitely did. Quoting a friend "OMGGGGG why did they change it! I want It's a Grind back, MadHouse is so stupid!". Alright... crazy girl. Aside from some minor aesthetics such as a new sign, a new paint job, some contemporary art, some new tables, a few more sandwiches, I wouldn't say much has changed. It's still the same owner (they wrote in big letters on the window), mostly the same menu, same store layout, still 24 hours, free wi-fi, and all the other IAG amenities. I wouldn't consider their baked goods as gourmet as it says in the title, but.. some of them are tasty. Their coffee is not the greatest coffee ever, but it will get your coffee fixed satisfied. I must admit though ever since they changed their name I do enjoy coming here more often because its less jam packed and I actually have a chance to sit down inside 2am in the morning. Oh yeah drive thru service is relatively quick, out of the 6 or so times I've used it I haven't had to wait more than 3 minutes to get my order.
4	Been going to It's A Grind for a long time. It's the classic "talk late into the night" spot for me and the homies. Now it's Madhouse, but it's still It's A Grind, minus the taggable bathroom walls and old color scheme. I don't really care for all the street/urban art (fake Banksy in a bathroom?) but it's whatever. Same atmosphere/people, average but enjoyable coffee drink, and place in my heart.
4	I like to hide and get my nerd-fix by finding a quiet corner in a bar or a cafe and playing my GameboyDS or doing client work in a relaxed atmosphere.  MadHouse Coffee has given me an excellent location for the last year (formerly as ItsAGrind) and a half along with some very decent coffee/coffee drinks, free wi-fi, hot sandwiches, and a small variety of yummy pastries/desserts.  I do like the sandwiches, especially since they added a few when the proprietor took complete control over the name and ownership of the property.  The Tira Misu(s) is very home-made and I don't recommend the Nutella one, it's a very strong, rich taste that doesn't work very well.Eclectic artwork and a college/performer group round out the crowd here.  You'll get students studying while some relax with some board games.  It's as close to a late-night coffee house culture as you're going to get in Vegas.    They also have an outdoor seating area for relaxing on cool nights. Their Funky Monkey (iced, blended) and black cherry mocha (hot) are my two staples when I need my caffeine and sugar fix.   Heads up that the speed at night is very relaxed so unless you're doing drivethrough, don't expect to get your drink in a few minutes.  Also, their billing system/receipt totals the day around 1AM so you'll have to finish waiting until the system restarts a few minutes later until they can ring you up.
2	There are about 4 really small tables and then about 4 bar stools. Absolutely no room to actually stay and eat. They have tables and chairs outside but if it's cold you can't actually be comfortable and eat outside. The food is average at best. I was disappointed with the service. I came in, ordered 3 sandwiches for me, my wife and daughter and two drinks. The cashier then goes and only prepares my sandwich. He says the other sandwiches will be ready in a few minutes. He then goes and attends to the drive thru (which came in after me and then gets another drink for a guy who came in after me). We finally get the other two sandwiches 15 minutes later. This is not acceptable. I realize he is the only person working but honestly this is poor service. As a first time person attending this establishment it put me off.
4	A friend introduced me to Madhouse Coffee in February and I love it. Great vibe, comfortable seating and very good coffee. I'm all about coffee in a ceramic mug and while I'm usually a purist sometimes I like to mix it up and add a bit of flavored coffee in with my bold black coffee.  While I admit I also frequent chains that are walking or running distance from my home, the independent Madhouse - located on Desert Inn and Durango in  Vons shopping center - certainly wins rave reviews from me as a spot to meet up with a friend, colleague or client.  I believe this was formerly an It's  A Grind? While I didn't indulge - the pastries looked fabulous.
5	I went here yesterday morning! I got the groupon a couple of months ago and was dying to try it! One word...AMAZING! Great coffee....great homemade muffin! This could be my new spot!! Can't wait to go back and get some studying done! :)
4	Ring ring, ring ring... me - "Hello, I was wondering if you have a menu online?" employee - "Let me find out... Yes we do.  It's -------.com"me - "thanks. "Click.Ring ring, ring ring...me - "the website given to me says the store is in Brisbane, California and I wanted to know what you have to eat and drink."employee - "Well, you can always come here as we have menus."me - "Okay, I'll just figure this out."At this point, I was thinking about one of my biggest pet peeves, to be given the run around and not given the correct information to get what I want about their business.  So, I thought dammit!  One Star already.I sucked everything up and just drove to their cafe.  I picked up the menu and looked around.  The employee asked if I called earlier and I said yes.  He apologized that he gave me the wrong website.  I could've been a douche and kept digging in to him but decided not to.  Luckily, I didn't because he and all his colleagues were all very kind and easy going, not just with me but with other patrons.I ordered a white chocolate mocha frappaccino and boy was it what I needed on a hot day like Friday.  My boss ordered the Madhouse sandwich but turned it in to a wrap.  That's another awesome thing is that they will make what you want and how you want it.  That, I thought, was reason enough to come back again.  My boss really liked the wrap and asked how much it all cost.  She said it all tasted expensive, which is a good thing.  Majority of the time expensive means yumm-o!
3	Not sure what to make of this place. I decided to head to MadHouse last night after getting crappy information from Sambalatte that they were open until 10pm (Yelp had the right info, stating they close at 8pm on Sun/Mon/Tue).For some strange reason, I ordered a medium Monkey Mocha. It's basically mocha with banana and peanut butter. Extremely sweet, but that was to be expected. The peanut butter dominated the drink's flavor. Their medium size is 24oz - the same as the oddly named "venti" at Star$. Their large is 32oz; that's one whole ounce more than the also oddly named "trenta" at Star$!Anyway, the place has a cool vibe. For 9pm on a Monday night, it was full of people, both inside and outside. Many of the patrons were on their laptops taking advantage of the free wi-fi. I'd probably return simply for the fact that they are open 24 hours and it's a good place to have a nice conversation. It's also closer to my place than Sambalatte.I do like me some tiramisu and they have an interesting variation on it - Nutellamisu. Hmm. Maybe I should try making that.
4	I have never been to the location on D.I. but there is one right down Eastern from our house & we LOVE it! The staff are very friendly & accommodating. Their large is the same size as the "other coffee shop's" medium and for the same price! Located right on the corner of Pebble & Eastern with the most delicious, melt in your mouth croissants I have ever had! I never even liked croissants before Madhouse. The coffee is way good too & their muffins are HUGE!
5	came in on an unusually cold day after work. people were studying, playing chess, enjoying wifi, etc. It was my first time, and I asked what was a popular drink, the barista suggested white mocha. It was delicious :) I'm the kind that avoids starbucks but makes her own coffee at home, but this place is nice! The tiramisu was amazing :) I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu!
2	This place makes me mad.Formerly It's a Grind.I used to be a groupie here, for their prices outdid starbucks, their signature blended hot and cold coffees were creative, and hey FRIGGIN 24 HOURS!!! I've been there late night to study before....but...Just before they got new management and a new name, their prices skyrocketed, selections went down, and it just seems like the place lost its flair. And its damn noisy every time I go in.I think the big cold drinks cost way more than the big hot drinks...either way it was over $5.Will only return if I am too inconveniently far from another coffee house and am pressed for time.***on a side note, they do have a nice selection of coffees on tap for you to try. I like their flavored ones.
4	OK, upon coming back ( I really can't go away forever, cuz dammit, it's a 24 hour coffee shop) I was very pleased with my drive thru gal. I got my on-tap flavored coffee, because I have no cream in my house, so I bought coffee today, also I'm in my knickers,so, ya, not getting out!I'll be back. Tis' close to my home.
4	Gave this place another try after having a bad first experience. Went there again because of a Groupon. Went around 7:00 PM instead of in the middle of the night. The food is good. My wife and daughter shared a "looney tuna" on ciabatta bread and I had a "cowbell" on a wrap. We also had a ying yang looking cookie that was really tasty. Nice cafe type of place with a homey feeling. I would go here again.
4	It was about midnight on an awesome Las Vegas summer night and I was looking for somewhere with an outdoor seating area that doesn't cost an outrageous price for drinks or requires you to be wearing heels. Just somewhere to hang out and have a conversation. I had never been to MadHouse but having it be 24 hours and relatively close to our location, it sounded like a good choice. As we parked in front of the shop, the first thing we saw was a crowd of about ten high schoolers who looked like they just turned eighteen and were celebrating the fact they could now buy cigarettes. After walking through their cloud of smoke and having to reach around someone to try to reach the door handle to open the door because they were blocking the entrance, we were greeted with bright, artistically modern colors and designs that reminded me of the old nineties stick figure character with his "box" like dog. The staff was very friendly towards everyone, including the drunk teen who had come stumbling in and just wanted to use the restroom. We were told suggestions of what was popular and I ordered the coconut mocha which was excellent. We decided to sit inside due to the cloud of smoke and teenagers outside. Overall, a nice place to hang out and order a different kind of coffee. Expect a younger crowd with a few older peeps thrown in. I would definitely go again.
1	With expresso running through my veins...I guess it would be an understatement to say that I am always in search of a good coffee shop to make my next destination.  A friend has been telling me to try this awesome place out...of the 5 mins i was in this place..I was terribly disappointed at the customer service they provided.   I ordered 3 shots of expresso with 3 pumps of toffee nut over ice.  Seeing the price of the triple shot (2.50 + flavor shots)...I questioned the girl helping me when she quoted Over 3.50...She told me that if i order this over ice...it costs more than if i ordered it hot. (#1 reason I didn't think it was right).  So i told her to just give me a cup of ice on the side.  She charged me $2.81.  i was fine with that... I got my drink and poured about 2 tablespoons of half/half in my espresso.  Then the owner came up to my table, and said that if i poured milk in my drink next time and poured it over ice, he'll have to charge me more.  (#2 reason i didn't appreciate this place) I was a bit confused so i asked for clarification about my drink and to my disbelief, he said the next time i came in his shop and ordered my three expresso shots with flavor shots, I'd need to pay for if I add a splash of milk to my drink since he has something on the menu like that. First of all, The amount of half/half i added was nothing amounting to the 80-90% of milk which goes into a latte (its was literally only a splash), I order the drink I wanted like any good customer would and used a bit of the condements (which i thought was free to customers who purchased something from the menu) on the side...and to have the owner come over and haggling me about it was unacceptable to me. Although there might have been a small difference in price (0.50), I didn't order the latte because it wasn't what i wanted.  He rudely made it a point to tell me that he'll be charging me for a drink i won't be ordering.    I was upset so i returned the drink to the girl who helped me and told her that although the expresso was good, I wasn't coming back.  Totally no sense of customer service...for a $0.50 difference...He lost must more since I won't be bringing them any business.   I recommend Saxbys in Henderson.  I live only 2 miles from this coffee shop and I drove over 30 minutes to visit madhouse coffee.  NEVER AGAIN.******   Update 8/18/2011*****************************8I honestly don't think the owner was trying to be a pest....in retrospect, he was trying to ensure that his place stays in business.  But a tip for a consumer would be, there are better ways to approach the situation.  It really isn't good business to charge someone more for ordering expresso over ice vs. Expresso hot.  Secondly,  I order what i order with coffee because I like the taste of it.  if there was a stipulation as to how i should order my drinks because management doesn't like it simply because he isn't able to weed a penny more from me, I just don't come back.  This only employs other coffee shops that don't do that.  I pay less, but in return, I give quite a bit of tip. :)
4	Had a groupon for $20 worth of goods at Madhouse.  So 4 of us gals swung by to fuel up for morning shopping.  I got a blended minty mocha creation 1/2 sugar free since they didn't have sugar free mint.  It was quite good.  We also ordered 2 other flavored latte concoctions and 2 pastries.  Grand total $17! Oh man! we couldn't even spend our $20.  I was surprised.  It's very cute inside, but always has been from the previous coffee shop.  We were in and out but happened to bump into a friend while we were there.  It's a hot spot!  I'll definitely go back.  It seems like a nice place to kick back with your reader and some joe.
4	I got the $10 for a $20 gift card groupon here.  Used the gift card in exactly three trips and every visit was very pleasant.  The coffee drinks are very good.  I also tried a bagel breakfast sandwich.  The filling was good but the bagel wasn't.  I ended up eating the filling sans bagel.  But, in their defense, I still have yet to find a bagel in Vegas that I like.  Except for Brueggers, which closed.  :(The monkey mocha is pretty tasty and I like the dominant peanut butter flavor.  The staff is accomodating with my decaf and nonfat requests.  They also make a very good flat white in a variety of sizes at a very reasonable price.  And the service is just as good at 3am as it is at 8am.  That's impressive.I agree with Angela H. - it's better than Starbucks but can't beat Sambalatte and Bentley's, especially on the food front.  But I need to try more items, too.  Will definitely be back to try the homemade tiramisu with my husband.
3	A few nights ago, my wife needed a place with free wi-fi that was open late. So we decided to give MadHouse a try.We each got a sandwich. I got the Green Card on ciabatta, and my wife got The Madhouse on focaccia. They were both pretty decent. My wife also got a Mad Max blended coffee drink which was quite tasty.It's a pretty small place and the seats are only moderately comfortable. However, I like the interior and the workers were very friendly. They have a selection of several board games as well.
5	I found out about this place because of groupon, but can't stop going back. Great coffee, good prices, and just an over all fun atmosphere. Plus the internet is really quick here.
4	Great 3am chill spot. I like the funky "artsy" decor. Has some character. Mango and green tea smoothies. mmmmmmm. They have a nice variety of menu items if your not a coffee drinker. Great names for their sandwhiches like "the threesome", or "the looney tuna". Serving some drinks in mugs which is nice and environmentally friendly. What would make this place perfect: Two seperate bathrooms. I'm a guy and don't mind, but ladies don't appreciate men that can not aim with the toilet seat down. A wall or forest (whatevers easier) to seperate the patio from the traffic going by. I wonder if zoning would approve the forest. Some recycling sorting would be nice too.
5	The owner is Italian and can make espresso drinks the way I've had and loved them in Italy. I will be back! Gets a little too busy for my tastes later in the day, FYI. But a sign of good business. Very friendly.
5	Mon amour Madhouse Coffee!!!  I never thought I would experience the taste of an authentic French Croissant again after eating one every day when living in Paris.  And then one day I stumbled into this coffee shop and was transported back in time.  Since that first magical encounter they impressed me with their Italian panini and lately with their figure friendly panna cotta.  The atmosphere is nice, the staff is friendly and the coffee is great.  I love to bring my golden retriever and relax 24/7.  Keep up the good job!!!!!
4	I stopped in today to use my Groupon and got a Red Velvet  Mocha.  There is no coffee flavor in the drink, but it is quite tasty.  The staff was very friendly and brought my drink to the table where I was trying to plan my next move in a game of Words With Friends.I took a quick look at the pastries.  WOW!  I'm certain the Nuttelamisu hypnotized me into coming back in the near future to give it a try.  I will be back although this is a bit out of my neighborhood.  It is, however, on the way to Las Vegas Little Theatre, so maybe I have a new place to pick up a drink to take to the show!
5	I can't seem to stop coming here.They always have groupons, new/innovative coffee flavors to try and of course 24 HOURS.I have yet to try any of the tasty looking sandwiches, but I did finally try the in house made tiramisu.It tasted pretty good, but not as espresso drenched as I might liked it. ALso the creamy top is most definitely marscapone-not really a fan, it tasted a bit orange for some reason. I really want to go back and try the red velvet mocha!
4	Read at your own risk!I went to this location and order a Red Velvet mocha. I adore the drink, which is why I drove 20 miles from my home in North Las Vegas to have it. It was awesome, like expected. The service was flawless.My only concern is when I went to the restroom, I was reminded of the red velvet I had consumed earlier. I was a bit concerned. It was the only thing I had all day at the point.Heck it's still good, but I'm wondering what's in it?
3	Before I begin, let me give y'all a quick breakdown of how I like to rate things - I don't throw out 4 and 5 stars for the sheer heck of it.  I mean c'mon now- 5 stars belong to well, FIVE star businesses who represent FIVE star standards.  I'm not going to rate establishments on Forbes or AAA ratings by any means (unless it's a fine dining restaurant or a Resort), but I'm not going to just hit the five or four star button for giggles.  With that being said, I think I'm actually quite generous with MadHouse Coffee.  I'll give them the extra star based on the fact that the cafe latte that I ordered was actually pretty good.  Not EXCELLENT but good.  I would give them two stars based on the fact that the "barista" didn't really know what when into what.  You should really know if a certain beverage has sugar in it or not or the type of milk that goes in it.  Also when we walked in they were mopping the floors and didn't even bother to remove the bucket that was right in the middle of the place.  In such a small area - anything on the floor takes up way too much room and extremely dangerous.  Cleanliness is top notch in my book, and I appreciate the efforts to provide a clean store, however- please remove the bucket when you're done!  I didn't realize that it was still behind me when I took a step back and almost fell over it.  Aside from that, the place is pretty hip, and I'd choose their latte over Starbucks any day, but I was far from overly impressed.
5	I went to the drive up and ordered a dirty frozen frap, Iced Chai and their very own Apricot Croissant. Everything really tasty!!.......They have a wide selection of lunch and breakfast options too. My next to try will be The Gobbler which is something similar to a Bobbi. Anyway if you're in the area and in need of great Coffee and something delicious and quick to eat this is the place to come. This place is a bakery too can't ask for anything more from a coffee to go place.  My first choice over Einstein and Starbucks.
4	I love this place nicely decorated and good tasting desserts and drinks. I even like how after drinking the red velvet mocha drink my entire mouth, lips, teeth was all red and didn't notice until I looked into a mirror hours later. I'll be pulling a prank soon. I don't remember if they're cheaper then star bucks or DD but I love the taste
4	My Girl turned me onto this place, I like the "Mad Cow" it's a Hazelnut latte, very nommy! The staff is always very nice, they will even add sugar and whatever you want for you then this is up there with my other favorite coffee house which you can see in my reviews. They have some awesome tiramisu and muffins here. They are also a great bakery.If you find yourself on this side of town, I would recommend you give this place a go. I do not think you will be disappointed.They also have free Wi-Fi :)
4	Earlier this week I went to this coffee shop and I loved it because of the atmosphere the people that go there are very interesting and of many different cultures there is definitely quality behind the products, I got a glance of the ghiradelli box of chocolate and I must say that the sandwiches at least the island of capri is nothing short of legitimate italian taste. The only thing I disliked was the fact that the wifi is limited to 4 hours max with purchase but I asked for more and the barista kindly gave me another access code overall a good business.
5	I love the service here, I have been coming in for years now, I like being able to work on my computer anytime of day, and also have a nice vibe of people.Kudos to Marco (the owner)
4	I only ever get the red velvet mocha from Madhouse, and I love it. :) I first tried it using a groupon for a free 16 oz. Red velvet mocha. They asked me if I wanted coffee with it, and I said yes. Each time after that I wasn't given the option, which would be nice if I was. But overall, they're very nice.
5	I love this place. The drinks are good, the crew is friendly, and it's open 24 hours. I've never gone in with anyone but I've never felt alone here. It seems to draw friendly talkative patrons. I've had intelligent and interesting conversations with people I didn't know two minutes earlier. Their food is made to order and right in front of you so you know it's fresh. I felt comfortable enough with here to bring my ferret with me, and as soon as I did the crew was happy to see him and greet him when we come in. They have a great little outside patio for smokers or people who want to sit outside. At this point it is sort of my second home.The prices are also really good, coffee or tea and a healthy sandwich is under $10.
5	Went to this place today with my GF and must say.......IM IMPRESSED so far! She picked up a Red Velvet Frap and it was absolutely delicious. I couldn't believe how good it was. I also ordered a Gobbler sandwhich (turkey, cranberry sauce, and all the fixings) and it was like having Thanksgiving all over again in one compact sandwhich. Absolutely amazing!!!The service was also very helpful and accomodating. The guy seemed very interested in helping us out with our order and even gave us a menu to look at as the menu you view when you drive through the "drive thru" is VERY tall and you CANNOT see it unless you stick your head out the window. Definately a design flaw!!!!
3	I'm a Starbucks junkie, so when I rolled up to this place, it was to try the red velvet mocha that I have been hearing about.-1 Star: I typically like to try a new restaurant prepared; I like to go to their website and see what they are about and what kind of drinks they have.  I tried to do this for Madhouse, but their website didn't work. -1 Star: When I pulled up to the drive thru, their menu is posted so high up, that I actually could barely read the first few items from my car.  I had my head out the window.  When the guy asked for my order, I asked about the red velvet mocha. (apparently it was at the top of the menu, in which I couldn't see).  I asked for a medium with no whipped cream.I think the total was $6 something.  Out comes this ginormous red blood coffee drink with a bunch of whipped cream.  Whatevs.I drank it and it was DELICIOUS!  It's like eating a red velvet cake in liquid format.  Sooooo good!  This was definitely more like dessert  than a coffee drink.I won't take a star off for this, but the red coloring dyes your teeth red.  So before you go to a meeting after drinking this, swig down some water or brush your teeth, otherwise you might look like you've been sucking blood all day. If I want a dessert with some caffeine, I will definitely head back for the red velvet mocha.  The drive thru peeps were nice too!
2	Ordered:Iced-Blended White Mocha 16oz - $4.35Iced Cafe Mocha on the rocks 24oz - $4.75Truffle - .99I had a $10 Groupon for Madhouse, so we went here to study. The place is painted orange and has random tribal style paintings on the walls and lamps. I don't care for the layout very much. All the tables are two seaters, so there is barely any room for your laptops and drinks (beware of knocking something over). There are only 6 tables. That sounds like a lot, but many people take up one table for themselves, so Don and I had to sit at the counter top area along the wall in very wobbly bar stools. We weren't greeted when we came in and no one helped us for about 5 minutes (2 of which was spent just looking at the menu and pastries). One of the girls came up and took my order. She was very friendly and suggested a I get a truffle when my total came up to just $9.10 and didn't charge me for the extra ten cents (truffle was .99). I'm guessing the wifi code must come on the receipts, but I wasn't given one so I didn't get a code. I went up to ask for the wifi code so Don and I could both use the internet, but was only given one card. When we both typed the code into our comps, it said only one can use it at a time, so I just let Don use it. I was just a little annoyed though because we were both customers, even if it was under the same purchase. I guess they're just overly protective of their wifi here. The drinks were very good though. I don't ever order blended beverages because they tend to be expensive and a little too fattening for my taste, but I decided to splurge since I had a Groupon and it's Thanksgiving week anyway ;) The blended iced mocha wasn't too sweet and tasted like it had a hint of hazelnut in it. It was perfectly blended (no ice chunks) and very refreshing. The truffle i picked out was Pralina con tartufo and it tasted just like Polveron! It didn't really strike me as a truffle, but I still enjoyed it and it was only 99 cents.Overall, I wasn't very impressed with this place. Coffee shop layouts and ambiance are very important to me since I spend most of my time studying in them and I just didn't like the overall feel of this one. When we went in they were playing some sort of experimental shoegaze and it was a little too loud and distracting for my taste. The bright orange on the walls and furry lamp was also too loud, but I understand it's part of their "Madhouse" theme. Since the drinks are good, I was thinking it'd be nice to just sit outside if I ever come back, but only one of the tables outside is covered by an umbrella. The rest of them are all out in the sun, covered by nothing. If anything, I'd come back and use the drive-thru to order a drink and maybe a pastry, but this isn't the type of place I see myself going to so I could study or do work. Tip*Make sure you really PULL the bathroom door closed before you lock it. Don thought he closed and locked the door...until he got walked in on by one of the baristas. Then he came out and they were all whispering, giggling, and looking at him.
5	I've been looking for a 24 hour coffee shop ever since I moved to Las Vegas.  Going to the strip for coffee is just to far out of my way. My sister wanted some coffee and I wanted something hot, so I decided to try the mudhouse hot chocolate which was recommended to me by one of there very nice baristas. They brought it to my table which was nice, I didn't have to stand around waiting to pick up my order, or hear my name; and they brought it to me in a ceramic mug, which gave it an extra nice touch! It was heaven in a cup, very delicious! I also got a chocolate croissant. They warmed it up in the oven and it was very tasty and complimented my mudhouse hot chocolate fabulously! My sister tried there new peppermint bark , which is made with white chocolate and peppermint. She isn't a peppermint fan, but loves white mocha, so she gave it a try. She loved it, it was rather sweet but says she would order it again. They also brought that over in a ceramic mug with whip cream and candy cane sprinkles! She had the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, I had a bite it was so warm and tasty. The bread was very soft!  We are defenitely  making this our spot. The owner came over and introduced himself, and all the staff was really nice, they seem to enjoy what they do and were great with welcoming us and making suggestions, cause in a new place I don't always know what I want. I thought the ambiance was very chic, it was a true coffee shop, not some chain that all look a like and the staff has to be nice to you! which all feels so fake anyway. This place was real and down to earth. I heard they are pet friendly, so I will be bringing both my dogs over. It's cool cause the dog park is right across the street. I can get a hot coffee before heading over to the park!
3	Formerly known as It's A Grind Coffee, the MadHouse Coffee shop has a ring to it's name and if it does to you as well, it doesn't mean you're clinically insane, it just means that you heard what I heard when it was mentioned it was under new management. We're told never to judge a book by it's cover, even if it's good or bad, but what's the reality of things? We always do. For MHC's sake, I judged it by it's cover (the front of the store) and thought it to be a real chill spot to share caffeine with some friends, chat, and let time pass with smiles and laughter! There's even a little game (courtesy of Irish G.) that you can use as an icebreaker too, but I'll get to that in a little later...When MHC was IAGC, I had their chai tea latte and it was a pleasant cup of spice! Glad to say that it hasn't changed along with the name.  Miriam C. and I enjoyed a chai tea latte a late evening some moons ago (open really late! get the schedule here: https://www.facebook.com/TheMadHouseCoffee?sk=info, their website is down) and it was the same spicy chai tea latte that I got the last time I was there.  There are a ton of new things inside the coffee house like mugs for purchase and board games to complete this coffee house jubilee! Unfortunately, their website is down so I'm unable to post their current menu. The space is a smidgen too tight for huge groups to come and kick it, but the patio is equipped with chairs and tables to occupy, but majority of the time it's crowded. Free during the winter to freeze your toots off though!I've enjoyed spending a few hours galavanting here and look forward to more occasions to come back! The coffee house has a real artsy feel to it with original paintings on the walls and tables which authenticates it as a real "hip" joint to be at. With the new management's changes, MHC has some potential to be "hipper" than the downtown coffee houses that's been springing up like gophers in the spring if they can provide entertainment there. I think that would brand it as the hippest coffee shoppe off the strip! Oh, and about that little game...Irish G. noticed there are a few crowns hidden all over the coffee shop in the paintings, on the furniture, EVERYWHERE! I believe she counted 4, but I counted 6! Can you beat 6? I'll be back for another unique cup of whatever's brewin' at The MHC shop soon!
5	Had a Groupon Now special for a $3 artisan bread sandwich. Brought a tiramisu obsessed friend. We ordered the Gobbler, Nutella tiramisu, and a red velvet mocha (blended).My only complaint... My mouth was bright red after that mocha. Was it worth it? YES. I don't like coffee at all, but this was delicious. The sandwich was much better than any of the other Turkey/cranberry sandwiches I've had around town; probably because of the delicious bread and the melted cheese. I contemplated ordering another one but didn't want to be a total pig about it.The tiramisu was good and I'm not a fan of tiramisu. It had a little too much of the creamy stuff on it for my taste but it was still good and my friend was very happy with it. The service was good and helpful. Will be back for another sandwich!!!
2	Usually amazing and I have written other good reviews, but I just had a rough experience there. One kid, who may have been new, made a few mistakes on my order and was frantically trying to correct them. This is acceptable. Another kids, with a bully attitude, aggressively bossed the kid around. I tried to lighten the mood with "Oh, he's just new, he'll get it", the bossy brat got sarcastic with me. Handed me my coffee, and I said, "Oh, is this the medium?" He said "I DON'T KNOW, I didn't take your order. "I gave up, got my crappy bagel and wrong size coffee, all of which I was over charged for, and left to draft this review. I waited a week to see if I'd get over it, but I'm not going back for a least a few Saturdays.It's a decent place, the owner is nice and most of the staff is great. However, I have now had 3 experiences where a real brat employee treated me like my business wasn't worth his trouble.See you again in March or so madhouse.
5	I worked at Starbucks for almost three years so for a while I've boycotted any coffee shop other than Starbucks, or if I did step foot in a non-Starbucks coffee shop, I critiqued everything...Putting aside my biases...I went with a friend around 8pm last Monday. Once you walk in, you are surrounded by the delicious scent of coffee & a chill vibe. The coffee shop is pretty small so all the seats in the cafe were occupied, but they do have a spacious patio area **good thing I'm a smoker :)**I was eyeing the pastries the whole time we were standing in line and was VERY tempted to try one but couldn't decide which. Seriously they have some of the most unique-looking, almost delicate, pretty pastries that I'm sure if I were to pick any of them, they would live up or surpass my expectations. Maybe next time ;P But actually, everything from the mugs, books, decor, etc. was unique. It gave the place it's own spunk =)Well since that was my first time there, I was browsing the menu above for a good few minutes. The barista asked me if there was anything in particular he could make me even if it wasn't on the menu. I absolutely LOVE iced green tea lattes at Starbucks & I guess at MadHouse he's never made it iced only hot because the matcha wouldn't melt correctly but he would try. So I settled with a small Iced Soy Green Tea Latte. He took a couple minutes to make it only because he took the initiative to melt the matcha with a little hot water THEN mixing it with cold soy, then icing it. It was superb! Starbucks doesn't even melt it for customers first --they just put the matcha, milk, and ice in a shaker and mix it the best they can with chunks of unmixed matcha powder sitting on the bottom of the cup in the end. But I will say the small size here is the same price as a Venti at Starbucks, for all those that complain Starbucks is over-priced =PCustomer service is HUGE for me so I definitely give MadHouse props for being so customer-oriented. I loved that the barista did the best he could for me. I also loved that he offered to remake it or make me something else if it didn't meet up to par, though I assured him it was fantastic. I will be visiting every so often :)
5	The red velvet mocha is great.
5	I've been going to Madhouse regularly for about 4 or 5 months. It is always my first choice for coffee and espresso. They carry some beans that I don't see at many coffee houses in Las Vegas. The staff is great, they are always friendly and make great drinks. Their croissants are the absolute best. I get hungry just thinking about them. Today was the first time I have eaten anything there other than Croissants and muffins. I had a Chicken Parmesan Sandwich on Ciabatta. The bread was amazing, consistent with all their other delicious baked items. The flavor was good on the sandwich and if I had any complaint, it would be the chicken was a little tough in places. Still not enough to take away a star for this place. Madhouse is my goto place.
4	This place had always been a coffee shop, but has a new name, been changed now for a while, but just came in to check it out.  One of the few "treats" my husband enjoys during our low carb dieting days, (which is often), he'll get a coffee.I, myself have never cared for coffee, but I do love tea, so he got his coffee and I got a tea.  It was just a bit of chill in the air, especially since the sun had set, but none the less we brought our drinks out to sit in the patio area.  It was a very nice experience, very relaxing for the both of us.There is free Wi-fi and plenty of business, this particular location is open 24hours and has a drive through.
4	Went to Madhouse to grab some coffee and make use of their wifi. Wifi was super slow and barely functioning! I had one of those peanut butter shake things and it was delicious but I drank a whole small one and it gave me a tummy ache. It was worth it though. My husband had a white mocha which he enjoyed. Cute hipster atmosphere, just wish the wifi was better! 24 hrs is a plus.
4	I decided to make a drive out to get my coffee, and that morning, I didn't want the usual Starbucks. Glad I decided on this cute little 24-hour coffee shop. That's right, 24 hours.The ladies behind the counter were helpful, even though the one who took my order seem to be new. However, she rang up my order quickly and was very friendly. Unlike Starbucks, if you order regular coffee, they have a few selections off to the side you can pour yourself. That's when I saw that you can even purchase cigarettes from them. I'm not a smoker myself, but just thought that was definitely unique. I guess for the late-night coffee drinkers...After getting my coffee and sesame bagel, I thought I'd definitely come back here. It's a nice change up from the chains coffee/bagel shops we see so often.
4	Situated across the street from the sprawling Desert Breeze park off Desert Inn Road, MadHouse Coffee is certainly a spot to indulge in your coffee cravings.The best part?  You can do it at any time.  This cozy little spot is open 24 hours a day and if you somehow happen to end up in the mood for one of their red velvet mochas or a "More Cowbell" sandwich at 3 a.m., then fret not, for your solution is down the road.The Only downside? The second MadHouse spot, off of Eastern and Pebble stays open from 6 a.m. - 10 p.m., but that's still good enough for most.The atmosphere of MadHouse certainly lives up to its namesake -- or at least the interior decorations do.Ranging from bizarrely painted tables to hairy lampshades hanging from above and a very odd rendering of the Mona Lisa, even the hookah placed off on a shelf adds to it all. I'm only left wondering where the Cheshire cat has run off to.The best part of MadHouse comes in the form of their decadently delicious drinks. I had the "Monkey Mocha", which is made up of a blend of peanut butter, banana and mocha, then topped with whipped cream and some chocolate syrup. Yes, it was just as perfect as it sounds.Other indulgent offerings are on the menu as well, ranging from the red velvet mocha to the "Mad Cow," a hazelnut latte.Since the coffee shop also emphasizes its bakery and sandwich creations, I decided to give one a try and went with the "Island of Capri." Featuring the wholesome goodness of focaccia bread, freshly sliced mozzarella, tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and oregano, I suddenly felt like I was at some cafe off the coast of Italy, before looking out the window and remembering the sad truth  of, well, being stuck in Vegas.While there isn't much space for studying, nor any tables fit for a large group study session, this is the perfect spot to quickly grab a drink (its drive-thru equipped!) at any time of day, and if you're hungry too, well, look no further.Originally written for and published in The Rebel Yell: http://www.unlvrebelyell.com/2012/04/23/madhouse-gives-us-a-break-from-the-grind/
3	You know, I loved the environment. There were a lot of interesting art pieces hanging on the wall and super comfortable chairs to sit on.The service lacked a smile but it was quick. I got a iced red velvet mocha, and there's not really much to rave about it. It tastes super sweet, but I suppose that was the point. The desserts looked really good though.There was an outdoor area and it's open late into the night so if you ever need a quick coffee fix, it's definitely convenient. I may try it again with my boyfriend, but it won't be any time soon.
5	Great, friendly service. The red velvet mocha is delicious! Dessert in a cup!
4	I have been coming to this same coffee house for some time now..  Its always very relaxing just to chillax and look across the way to Dessert Breeze park and enjoy the beauty of the surrounding environment , Music is soft and calming usually sometimes odd but not crazy wierd , i would say more interesting .. The service is great for the most part , except for the occasional hiccups with new employees witch is quickly corrected buy veteran staff.. there is nothing cooler than hearing the barista saying " goodmorning jesse,  the usual ?"  ppppssttt mmmm yeah :pGood day everyone as i sip my cup of Jo and devour my favorite almond croissant ...
5	This place rocks! The location is perfect (located next to my nail solon). I skip the coffee and have tea. It is great!! The wifi has a strong signal. I am totally addicted.
1	It's a quite a figurative slap in the face when you support a company through purchasing the product often, promoting the company on websites such as yelp, and getting to know the staff and even establish a relationship with the owner and then get a BRUSH OFF that leaves you feeling snubbed, and worse - unappreciated.I get it.  The owner wants to enjoy his music.  The SAME music that was playing the previous night at the SAME very loud decibels.  I enjoy loud music - I WORK IN A CLUB!  That's fine!  NOT at a coffee house.  Everything I loved about this place - the relaxed atmosphere, the chill crowd, the great place to sketch client work and play my DS - gone.  I spent years giving my money to great drinks, sandwiches, and conversation with the overnight baristas.  Instead is pounding dubstep music, baristas who complain about the owner's repetitious music, and six dollar drinks.  Don't get me wrong - I will pay good money for great product that wants me there.  But after politely inquiring about the volume level being turned down and having a barista tell me no and the owner refusing to even look at me - I'm done.  It's not called entitlement - it's GOOD SERVICE.   I say hello to staff, order my drink, chat for a few minutes, and get to work, sometimes ordering a sandwich or snack.  Apparently, that's not enough to justify the music getting turned down.Add this to my previous visit when I was accused of owing the store MONEY when they confused me with another customer whose card didn't charge, making me wait for twenty minutes while the staff ran around calling individuals, then finally made me a drink and sent me on my way.  Incredibly frustrating.I'm frankly just disappointed in this establishment as this used to be a staple in my routine and I'm not returning anytime soon.  I'll give my money to Sambalatte or hell, the ItsAGrind down Durango.EDIT: Be sure to read the owner's response.  There was nothing polite or professional in response to my review, my opinion, labeled "crying."  Lowering the volume to music that I ENJOY is a little is a "dramatic change" that is selfish and self entitled.  Really?  Again, disappointing on all fronts.
4	Had the grasshopper iced coffee. Better than dessert! Great little gem with a good vibe and good music playing.
4	tthis is an edit to my original review..........usually first impressions set the mood and likely hood of a client or customer returning,  second chances are rarely given in life, but i gave madhouse coffe house a second chance, and this time was great. the customer service was great, the coffee tasted great!!!! i had the white mocha hot. and a chocolate crossant the coffee was Not bitter and not too sweet just the way i like it. the music was good, over all i am very happy and will continue to visit them. just realized today that they were open 24 hours, will have to check it out some time in the evening. :)
3	Very nice to have a place like this out in suburbia. Super-friendly staff!Love that it's open 24h.Would love to give another star or two after my next visit...if they knock off the upselling and if they turn the music down about 3 notches.
5	Stumbled on it  accidentally, what a find!!!  Coffee is great, but their Nutella  drinks and deserts are to knock your socks off if you like Nuttella, they also have a very yummy hot coco!!!! Must try
4	This place is always great. I normally hit the drive through, but decided to come in and get some things done today. The coffee is great, the breakfast sammiches are delicious and the wifi is fast.Keep in mind, they only have 2 drink sizes. Huge and Freaking Huge! So come thirsty.
5	Love their drinks and food. Haven't ordered anything that did not satisfy me. For those coffee lovers, try their Red Velvet or Nutella White Chocolate, either hot or cold blended is great. For US tea drinkers, I love their iced mango green tea. Not as sweet as the ones you get at Spring Mountain. I also love their Mango and Green Tea smoothie. They have great desserts. I remembered ordering a blueberry muffin and after tasting it, ordered a second one for my boyfriend because I didn't wanna share mine. Their french macaroons were great too - bigger than the ones you get in other coffee houses. All their desserts are made-in-house. Their sandwiches are filling, reasonably priced at $5.75, and made in-house too. Not some reheated pre-made sandwich. They have indoor, outdoor, and drive-thru. Open 24 hours and has free wi-fi. They also have hookah - outdoors only and they have doggie treats and bowl for your four-legged best friend - outdoors only too. What else can you ask for?
5	I absolutely love this coffeehouse. I'm lucky to live so close! They are open 24 hours which is awesome. I loooove the egg, bacon & cheddar on a croissant, are you kidding me? NOM! To die for. Tip the ladies well, they are adorable & hard working!
4	I like this place more than Starbucks or Sambalatte. There's good eats, drinks, & even hookah. Tuna sandwich is a go, as well as their green tea drinks. Hookah is just okay, but don't let it prevent you from trying a fresh menu item from them! They're always really friendly.
1	Everyone is so nice here. The staff is friendly (especially Racheal) and the coffee is delicious. *edit* most of the staff got fired and the atmosphere is a lot more rushed to get in and get out.  I guess it's understandable because seating is pretty limited most evenings.
4	Members of The Yelp Book Club discussed the book "Argo" by Antonio Mendez and Matt Baglio, which was made into a motion picture that recently played at theaters nationwide, starring Ben Affleck in the role of CIA agent Mendez, who led a group of Americans out of a hostile country and to safety.  The book is about what until now was a little known tale of 6 U.S. Embassy workers in Iran who, with the help of the Canadian ambassador to Iran and some stagecraft by the CIA, escaped being taken as hostages like their fellow workers after the overthrow and flight from Iran of the Shah.  In pleasant surroundings those in attendance noted how the Iran hostage crisis came to be, and observed how ironic it was that over 30 years later, Iran is back as arguably the U.S.'s chief adversary.  It was clear to all assembled that the 6 Americans would all have been taken into captivity as additional hostages had they not been hidden from sight for over 2 months and later spirited out of Iran on an airplane following implementation of a bizarre film production cover story that worked, with the assistance of some very professionally prepared false papers.It was difficult to not make some comparisons between the book and the movie, including how the film gratuitously added some Hollywood-type hyped up action scenes that did not really occur, like dramatic security delays inside the airport, and a last-minute chase of a commercial jetliner by crazed armed revolutionaries in motorized vehicles on an airport runway desperately trying to block the plane holding the escaping Americans from taking off.  We also found it to be ironic that the freed Americans were told that they could never write a book about what they experienced, only for former spymaster Mendez to write one himself several years later.  But times change, and there was no longer a valid reason for this interesting and heartening tale of multi-state collaboration and cooperation, misdirection, courage, and fulfilled hope to remain untold!
2	There's something off about a place if they try to charge you twice the price for a drink if you want it iced instead of hot - especially if it's a simple chai latte. In the end, I settled for a regular iced latte and it tasted like 95% milk and 5% coffee. Not so good.I bought a two drinks, which amounted to 1 hour of wifi (why isn't wifi free in the first place?) and the cashier insisted that I could only get the 30 minute wifi code. What even.I only tried this place out because so many people told me it was amazing. I really don't see it. The only thing I like is that it's open 24/7 and has a nice vibe to it. However, the whole drink ordeal and the customer service put me off - the employees only really talked to the people they already knew and the cashier was the opposite of friendly. I really wanted to like this place but I just can't. Maybe if I were a smoker I would appreciate the expansive outdoor patio more, but I couldn't even take advantage of that feature.Bumping this up to two stars because my friend got tea that tasted decent. If I ever go back, I'd probably stick to the tea.
5	First of all, wow. That is the first word that popped into my head when I saw there was a 24-hour coffee shop a mile from my house. That small "wow" soon turned into a caps-locked, bolded, underscored "WOW!!!" after I actually got there. When I got there the first thing that caught my affection was the atmosphere. They had some light alternative rock playing (Goo Goo Dolls to be specific..) which I really enjoy. Even at this very moment that have some light vocal jazz playing, both are great choices to just come in, chill, and sip on a delicious drink. There is ample seating to accommodate everyone for the most part, even when it was really busy I had a seat at the window.I didn't even make it to the menu before noticing the desert counter. Homemade French macaroons, muffins, tiramisu, croissants, plenty of delicious choices to satisfy anyones' tastes. Also any bakery that can appreciate the value of Nutella in deserts is boss, so kudos for the Nutellamisu! Very creative! They also have a few bagels too, and some branded products available for purchase.Where do I even begin with the drinks? Well for starters they have a larger, more inventive selection than ANY other coffee shop I have seen, especially dumpy corporate chain stores like Starbucks and Coffee Bean. Iced coffee is my usual poison, and they do it deliciously. They have some iced teas, blended drinks, everything you can imagine! The Japanese Matcha Green Tea is a tad pricey, but done beautifully. Definitely worth it in my book.I have only tried one sandwich, and I am unable to tear myself away from it to try anything else, the Chicken Parmigiana is too good to be true! I can only imagine the other sandwiches are just as good, this one just hits all of the right spots! Fresh ingredients and a real homemade feel make the food what it is.There are a few downfalls, but they are just personal preferences so I cant take off any points, but I feel they are worth a mention:1) No iced coffee/tea refills on same day, same stay visits. Iced coffee and tea are pretty cheap, and I enjoy sitting here all day sipping on some, and it is kind of a drag to have to pay full price each time I want to get some more. Maybe a half off discount for same day visits? I would be more tempted to spend the extra cash on a treat for myself anyways, so it isn't like the profit wouldn't be there.2) All-day internet restrictions. I understand the space crunch during peak hours, but the time I tend to come there isn't anyone ever here. Most of the time I am not sitting on the internet anyways, I am working on something on my laptop. My one hour card I get usually merits me about 5 minutes of use total during this time. Again, not a big deal. 3) Music volume, as some other people have said. I like a little ambiance, turn it down maybe just a little? It just seems a tad too loud during the day, but again, this is just me. I don't mind just throwing in my own headphones and continuing to work away!Other than those three things, the staff is amazing, atmosphere is top-notch, and product is absolutely delicious. I will be moving in a week or so, and I couldn't be more sad to not be living a mile from this place. I will be sure to come back and visit and bring friends as much as I can! Keep up the good work guys! :)To anyone who reviewed this place at 3 stars or less, pull the stick out of your ass, you'll never find another place this amazing in Las Vegas, or all of Nevada for that matter.
4	I am so glad that our Yelp Book Club met here last month because I have found a new coffee shop to add to my list when I need to get out of my home office for a change of scenery and do some work.  Plus, the coffee is really tasty too.  I tried the famous "Mad Cow", a hazelnut latte, and it was delicious.  But, the items that were calling my name were the freshly baked/ made in-house desserts and pastries. I ordered the pumpkin tiramisu (which is probably a seasonal item), and not only was the serving very generous, it was fan-tas-tic. The place is quite small, but a cozy and artistic atmosphere. There are colorful paintings and modern art to inspire and simply take in.  And like many Vegas establishments, it is open 24 hours a day.  It is nice to know that if I need a caffeine fix or have a late night craving for some awesome dessert, MadHouse will be there. Plus, there is a drive-thru, so I don't even have to get out of my PJs.
3	If you like coffee and pastries, and need a place to socialize all hours of the night because you're under the age of 21, this is the place to be. Open 24hrs for your convenience. Good selection of coffee and pastries. Not a great place to chill or study, very loud atmosphere. They play house and electro music, haha. Feels more like a lounge, minus the liquor. Very friendly staff.
4	Good drinks, bad service. I love the drinks, but recently the services I've received haven't been up to par. One night I ordered a 16 oz. latte but upon receiving it, the cup felt quite light. Opened up the lid only to find out that they filled my cup up barely halfway. I could not believe I was charged $4 for barely even 8 oz. of a drink! Also, when I went through the drive thru, I was not once told my total. I expected to view my total on my receipt, but they failed to hand that to me too. They just charged me blindly. Now, I'm not particularly picky when it comes to most things, but with this, I just had to say it.EDIT: I received a response not to long after my post, and I must say -- it's nice to see owners who take time to respond and attempt to solve an issue. I had no idea people actually read through all of these. It's nice to see an owner who cares about their customers as well as business. Although these may have been a couple iffy experiences, I'm still a Madhouse fan!
5	I had the white chocolate peppermint mocha and a French macaron.  The coffee drink was perfectly executed and a tasty way to get my caffeine fix.  The macaron is made in house and is melt in your mouth perfection.  The owner is very friendly and the rest of the staff seemed competent.  My only complaint is that it is on the other side of town from where I live, thus it will be an once in awhile treat for me.
5	Very friendly staff.The selection of paninis, focaccia is quite large for a small place like this!The seasoning was perfect on my salami panini.My wife had the parmigiana focaccia and the smell is right there, is Italy!!!The croissants are really good and fresh, the owner is opened to new ideas, the place looks nice!Been in here couple of times but never left a review, so right now i'm enjoying my hot latte, very creamy and flavorful and writing this review!One of the places to have a breakfast, a brunch, a lunch or dinner!Definitely one of the places to come back!Try it and you won't regret it!
1	I was not impressed. The girl who served me was sick and barely had a voice. I don't want to get sick! I got an espresso and it was way to bitter. A good espresso is about 18 seconds of pouring time, it tasted of about 30 seconds.
3	Second time visiting and it's an OK spot.The garlic-pesto smell was intense and overwhelming! Not sure if they have hoods or why they would have such a pungent dish on the menu at a coffee house. My clothes reeked of it when I left. It turned into a bit of a day care today with parents and their 3 year old kids in tow arriving at about 5 p.m. The kids yelled and screamed to no end. Can't kick the kids out, but makes me want to come back during a less distracting time.The drinks are hella expensive and finding a simple tea on the menu was a challenge.I did manage to have the Red Velvet Mocha drink and I'll stick to getting my red velvet fix from cake.
2	If you have money to waste on mediocre food & service ..this is the spot for you.
5	Been coming here for a few months now (usually 2-3 times a week).  I work from home and am working on my Masters through an online course.  Being able to get out of my house to work and do school is a nice change.  This place is really close to home and open 24 hours which makes it very convenient.  The prices are a little high, but you get what you pay for!  You'll find the food and baked goods are all hand made (often from scratch) and the cold drink sizes are pretty decent (I've not had a hot drink yet so I can't speak for those).  I definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I've recently been hooked on The Very Charming Pig (black forest ham, bacon, swiss, and marscapone) on ciabatta... probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  I've had no issues getting custom orders (drinks and food) here and all of the employees and owners are very nice and accommodating.
4	This place is awesome. Never had an item I didn't like--it's all expertly crafted. Better and more distinct than Starbucks.  And the menu is full of lots of interesting options.  If the prices were lower, I'd be here every day!
5	Great drinks, great food, great staff, great experience. I love everything about this place, especially that it's open 24 hours! Marco the owner is a really nice guy and is almost always there checking on guests and taking orders himself.They have a great sandwich menu. I've tried a lot from it and have never been disappointed with the flavor, price, or how satisfied I feel when I'm done eating. They also have super delicious desserts (and I think most of them are made in-house), and all of their drinks are wonderful. I love the iced teas, and all their lattes. Great regular coffee. Great ice-blended drinks. Great hot chocolate. Great, great, great!!Wonderful place to come with friends and just chill. Atmosphere is really relaxing.Definitely highly recommended!
1	The price point is far too high for the quality of coffee. Just because it's not Starbucks, doesn't make it gourmet.
5	Um...a coffee shop that is opened 24 hours a day!?!?! I repeat, 24 hours?! That alone already deserves an automatic 4 stars in my book.Hi, my name is Cynthia and I'm a HUGE COFFEE ADDICT! O_O I love coffee!!! Esp iced coffee. When I'm having my gloomy and "blah" days...once delicious iced coffee touches the tip of my tongue, I'm as happy as a fat kid holding a two-scooped ice cream cone.Not only does this place have plenty of drinks to offer, they have what it seems an endless amount of flavoring to add to your drinks too. You got your usual caramel, vanilla, hazlenut, chocolate, sugar free...etc. AND THEN...you got your passion fruit, your coconut, peppermint and other syrup that slipped my mind because the word COCONUT instantly won me over.So what did i end up getting? An iced coconut latte. Now, not only is this different...it is a good, different, delicious drink!!!! Ahhh....love at first taste!! My boyfriend got some triple chocolate blended mocha drink in a large size. Probably equivalent to a venti at starbucks.Only negative thing about MadHouse is that it IS on the pricey side. Both our drinks came out to be $11!!!!! Granted he got a large drink and mine was a small but damn....Unless you got money to throw around, this is definitely an indulgence special treat.I'll still probably stick to my true love, Starbucks since there's more locations around where I live plus I got a never ending supply of giftcards to use....haha =)However....if it's ever 12midnight and I got a super bad craving for a coffee drink...I won't hesitate to drive my ass to MadHouse and get myself some yummy-goodness!
1	The coffee is pretty good depending on who is working. Not a place I'd recommend to hang out if you're looking to relax with friends.
1	My husband and I were invited by friends back in November 2012. At first we really enjoyed it, then started noticing unprofessional attitude by the owner, such as alcohol on the breath, and shouting at the staff in front of patrons. The owner's claims that former patrons just "hung out" without purchasing anything is erroneous and inflammatory; furthermore, these patrons are personally responsible for bringing in many new customers.I fully expect to have the owner remove this negative review; that is his prerogative. However, just know this...word gets around Marco.
5	This place is awesome the drinks are great their service is fantastic all the workers are friendly.Highly recommend this place for locals
4	Probably the best and coolest coffee place in town. Great coffee, sandwiches and desserts. The sandwiches especially Are a really good deal as the buns are real not fake ciabatta. All the desserts are made in house..  The croissants are also goodIt's a good hangout for anybody on the west side  any afternoon or night.
5	This place is AMAZING! I come here on a regular bases at least once or more a week. Their Drinks are amazing and the food is just as good. My friend and I come in with are laptops to write we will stay for hours. The owner is a nice guys hes always friendly and says hello to almost everyone and he knows his coffee. This place is great i will continue to come here and I will continue to bring an one who wants to try a real coffee.
4	favorite coffee shop in Vegas came with my cousin for some hot chocolate and by far that was the best I have ever tried. perfect place to hang out  during AM hours since its a 24 hour place :D that was my favorite part of it
4	Stopped by for a pick-me up latte and was genuinely surprised at the rich flavorful brew. Like the fact that it has homemade items. Tried a coconut macaroon and was delicious and fresh, bursting with flavor and larger then the ones they serve at Manon (which can be great or dry). Staff worked quick in executing  the order and they have a nice indoor or outdoor seating area to relax in, before moving onto your next destination.
3	Update: 4/23/2013Stopped by here again in an attempt to try out a different espresso drink. This time I asked for the cafe latte and the Innocent Bystander sandwich turned into a salad. The coffee is still too bitter for my taste but the salad was good! -----------------------------------------------------------------Someone was talking about this place so I decided to stop by here on the way home today for a hot caramel macchiato. I'm sad to say I'm a little disappointed at this drink. It was dull, bitter and reminded me a lot of Starbuck's caramel macchiato. I've gotten used to the real caramel flavor that Sunrise and even Sambalatte uses and that's what I like to taste in a caramel macchiato. You know when you heat up sugar and water on the stove and it boils down into this golden color with a slightly smokey caramel flavor? That's the real caramel flavor one should taste in a caramel macchiato, in which this drink lacks. I'm moving to this side of town in a few weeks and Sunrise will be too far for me to frequent. It's unfortunate that I don't like Madhouse's Coffee shop for the only coffee drink that I really like.
1	We stopped by yesterday for a couple pastries. Both the chocolate croissant and the cinnamon roll looked great and we couldn't wait to chow down on them. That unfortunately is where the happiness ended. Both pastries were dry, like really dry. We tossed out half of the cinnamon roll because it was lacking in all that makes a cinnamon roll sooooo good. You know the gooey, sticky, messy, pull apart, lick your fingers yummysness..... None of that was there. The croissant was flaky and light, but only because it was totally dried out. It wasn't all bad.The people working there were very nice. The shop was clean and cute.
4	I've been here a few times and the coffee is very good. I change it up every time I go, but haven't had anything bad. It's 24 hours, which is great for students that need to do some late night studying or anyone that wants something to do at 2 AM. I've only been after midnight and it's usually pretty crowded, but you can find a seat. When you walk in, the first thing you'll notice is the artwork on the walls. Very interesting and gives the atmosphere a quirky and relaxed vibe. There are board games and the staff is pretty knowledgable. Everyone seems to have a good time and enjoys what they're doing. It's a little cramp, would love to see a location on the north side of town.
1	Example
2	I've been coming here since before the name change and have always liked the atmosphere, coffee, and staff but have stopped coming here frequently because they have taken away what makes all independent coffee shops great, free wifi. Wifi is made available only to paying customers (understandable), but on an incremental system. Spend $4-$7 and get 1 hour. Value has been shifted from the customer to the customer's wallet and has made madhouse more of a "get in and get out" coffee shop than a "come enjoy a drink and get some work done" shop.Madhouse has lost much of its appeal and I have switched to nearby competitors, independent and corporate, who offer a relaxed atmosphere, fair coffee, and unlimited wifi.
5	I love this place!! I've been coming here for the past two years and their service, coffee, deserts and sandwiches never disappoint. Open 24hrs, great for me and Las Vegas' fast pace community. My recommendations are:Sandwiches: The Madhouse, The Godfather, The Wannabe and Island of Capri.Coffee's: Vanilla Latte, The new "NIKO" and White Mocha are my favorites!I can have a hookah anytime I want :-) and you have to try their Tiramisu! Yummyy!!Angel RamosCubic IT Consultingwww.cubicitconsulting.com
5	I. Love. Madhouse. From the food and drinks, to the urban street art, to the games, to the vibe. Being open 24 hours is also such a convenience. The whole crew always makes you feel comfortable and I've never had a drink I was unsatisfied with here. I just tried the Wannabe and just the aroma of it was mouthwatering. I recently learned that everything on the menu is handcrafted, which is a giant thumbs up for them.At first I wasn't a fan of having to purchase a certain dollar amount in return for a couple hours of free wifi, but it was actually a clever idea for them to do.
4	This is a cute little coffee shop thats open 24 hours which is really nice. My favorite is their nutella white mocha, HOWEVER, several times Ive ordered through their drive through in a hurry, and when I got the nutella white mocha there was double the amount of syrup. I dont know if someone started making it and put syrup in, and then another person finished it and put syrup again? But I thought it was a 1 time fluke and its happened 3 times now. If I wasnt in a hurry I would have gone inside to tell them. Other than that its a great place!
5	OK It's been a long time since my last review!I've had to up the ante here, since I think I've got nearly 25 checkins :/My favorite thing is 24 HOURS.  I crave coffee at all hours and it is amazing here.Prices are fair compared to Starbucks and the flavors are different.I love a place with Monkey Mocha and Red Velvet.Oh BTW, hot red velvet mocha just stole first place as my favorite of all time hot coffees. It used to belong to Starbuck's marble mocha macchiato.The drive thru is rarely busy, which is how I order most of the time, but they do have some stellar food here. I've had a couple things and they are all made in house.Try it out, I love it.
5	Great service, great location, great atmosphere. I love their salads and green tea. Best of all, they've just began offering organic wheat grass shots. Saves me a trip to Whole Foods and standing in line for the same thing. Excellent all the way around.
4	I'll start with one of the best features: open 24 hours a day!  There's no lock on the front door!This place is cute, crafts some great coffee & tea beverages, knowledgeable staff, and some fun/tasty food.I was here for the CMYE and enjoyed a cup of basic coffee & an almond croissant.  The coffee was strong but medium in character, which is good for the "house" coffee.  The barista asked if I needed room for cream; always good.  The croissant was almost perfection: flaky, lightly sweet, buttery, & with good almond flavor without being overpowering.  FYI, my benchmark is the almond croissant from the Orange Inn in Laguna Beach.  I believe there is free WiFi, but that may now be de rigueur in most coffee shops.Marco, the owner, is very friendly & pleasant & works nights (mostly).  This may be my new 4am drive thru spot if I continue this downward spiral of staying out late on school nights.If you're in the neighborhood, it is late, and you come across all peckish, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	After swearing off caffeine last summer, the stuff was calling me this morning.  I stopped by and had the delicious Red Velvet mocha non-fat and decaf to boot.  I never before would buy decaf, but now understand why the need for reformed coffeholics such as myself.  Very deliteful and desserty (is that a word!).
5	This place is my safe haven. They have quality coffee, they even make bear figures with the creamer! It's open twenty four seven, which is perfect for any fellow insomniac - like myself. They even have a pulp fiction pop art piece in the bathroom. Overall, a phenomenal place - although if you're going in hopes that a fellow stranger will befriend you, this probably isn't that place. Go with a group of people, or a friend.
5	- Only Vegas coffeehouse I know of that's open 24/7- Conveniently located next to a Vons supermarket which is also open 24/7
4	I've been coming here for a few months now and overall I like it.Pros:1 - The drinks and the sandwiches are good! That's pretty darned important for a cafe and sadly many other cafes can't say that.2 - There is usually seating3 - OPEN 24 HOURS! Seriously, with Vegas's reputation as the all day, all night city I thought everything would be open 24 hours. Not even close! Thankful for this place at odd hours4 - Staff is mostly friendly and usually get the order correct5 - Outside seating is available. Nice when it's not a hundred and hell degrees.6 - There's a park right across the street so with that and the mountains, they have a nice viewCons:1 - Despite what everyone says, Wi-fi in NOT free. You have to buy a minimum amount and then get a code for a set amount of hours. Come on guys! I get it, you want people to buy and not stay if they aren't spending, but it's not costing you anything to let people use the internet. This isn't 1998. 2 - It's expensive. A large iced white mocha is about $7. That's kind of ridiculous, and yet, I pay...3 - The owner is always around. That's not bad, per se, but he has loud conversations, plays on his laptop with the sound up, that kind of stuff. 4 - Pastries aren't too yummy. They're okay, but that's as excited as I'm going to get about it.So, if you have the money come on over! You can not go wrong with any of the "all time favorite" drinks...unless you're diabetic, then just say no.*Friend recommends the Red Velvet Mocha*I recommend the entire Cold Drink menu, but specifically the Nutella White Mocha
4	What a fun place to grab some coffee. Basquiat on the walls, fresh goodies in the case, and some darn good coffee to boot.My husband and I continued our LV coffee tour with a morning stop at Madhouse. I initially was just going to get their iced coffee but when I walked in and saw some people OOOing & AHHHing over their blended beverages, I had a change of heart.The atmosphere was fun & funky. While the space was small, every square foot had strategically-placed personality pieces. I love that have the most random items for sale - like clove cigarettes and random candy items. Sweet touch.I asked the two baristas what they recommend. They said the white chocolate nutella flavor and the monkey mocha ice blended drinks were the most popular. We obliged and ordered one of each.The super sweet ladies brought our order out to us and whoa - we were amazed. These are not your mama's frappucinos... there was a distinct coffee flavor and a combination of flavors that rocked my world. I cannot pick a favorite between the two - they were both equally satisfying.This is a place we are sure to come back to even if it's a pretty good distance from us. If their tiramisus and sandwiches are anything like their coffee, madhouse might be one of our favorite spots in the city.I think it would be a pretentious assumption to think this is some gimmicky coffee house BUT that is thrown out the window once the 1st sip is taken.... this is the real deal and I want some more.
4	This joint packs tons of character in such a small space. With art covering the walls and a quirky type of jazz coming out of the speakers, the atmosphere is simultaneously fun and mellow with friendly baristas to match. Small groups will find it more spacious outside on the patio, but there are a few tables inside. Solo sippers have more freedom with all the counters and barstools along the walls. If you don't intend to get cozy, MadHouse also has a drive-thru; if you do, it's open all day and all night.Their sizes have normal names! A medium blended drink comes in a 24-ounce cup, the equivalent of a Starbucks venti in size, but its contents are full of creativity and taste. Their grasshopper is a subtly minty mocha combination. I like their crushed coconut mocha, but have much more of their menu to try. I've only indulged in their blended drinks, but their brewed coffees and sandwiches tempt me every time! If you want to use their internet, let them know when you order and you'll receive a one-time use code. The time limit is based on how much you spend (e.g. $4-7 = one hour of WiFi, $10+ = four hours), so the more you pay, the longer your WiFi privileges stay. I haven't settled on a favorite drink yet, but I've discovered my new perch.
5	They really do have Intelligentsia espresso (but not brewed coffee--that was slightly-overroasted nondescript for my taste, but pretty good: seemed like a blend with a lot of something light).  If they didn't have a "one hour of internets for $4 purchase" thing I'd give them five stars.  Oh, what the hell, I can round up instead of down.  I was here five years ago when it had another name.  A little warm inside, but they must have massive A/C bills.The house-made (nice to see someone that's careful enough to avoid the ubiquitous lie "homemade") "Nutella-misu" was interesting, but I'd have the tiramisu next time.  In Chicago or Minneapolis they'd have a solid four stars but in the great coffee desert that's Las Vegas I rate accordingly.  Also, they're really friendly and nice, though they didn't say much until I did.  Businesslike.
4	I love how down to earth they are!! The monkey mocha is to die for! Perfect combination of chocolate, peanut butter, bananas and coffee!!
5	I'm definitely not a connoisseur of coffee, but I love Madhouse! It's located conveniently on the way back and forth from work. It's 24 hour operations is really mad, even for this city. I love taking dates here to unwind right after a nice dinner. Marco the owner is super cordial to all his guests. It really feels like a family spot. Great job and keep up the good work MC!
5	Great coffee. Great food. Great prices. Cozy hang out. Lots of vegetarian options too!
5	I really appreciate a place that is open 24-hours a day!! The service was friendly, and fast! They had a plethora of blended drinks, which i loved! They also offer hookah so.....if you wanted, that was definitely an option.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 100/100 Madhouse coffee is located less than a mile away from where I live and I can't believe I have kept myself away from this Hippie, San Francisco-esque coffee shop for so long!Late Thursday afternoon and pretty tired out from schoolwork, I came here for a More Cowbell sandwich treat - roast beef folded into a slice of herb infused focaccia bread and topped with cheddar, lettuce and tomatoes - and a Nutella white chocolate frappe. As if they weren't filling enough, I made an effort to take myself out of study mode to appreciate the cool artworks around the cafe and random funny deets on the cashier. That fed my artsy soul pretty well and I came out of there physically and spiritually refreshed. For $10 or more spent, you get a wifi code. There's a patio out for peeps in need of a smoke and did I say this cafe is open 24 hours? Coming here to study again soon and get things done!
5	Nutella tiramisu! And delicious cold-brewed coffee.
5	I love this place, from food to coffee and to everything else's! Its very chill, laid back and most of all they are DOG FRIENDLY, its close to the park that after we did our walks and jogs, my dog and i have a spot to hang out and rest. They gave him delightful treats and water while am enjoying my green iced tea and pesto salad or my guilty pleasure the hot red velvet mocha and french macarons. The staffs were very friendly and courteous. They are open 24 hours, free WIFI and you can even order online... What else can you ask for, this is like as good as it gets, better check them out and you wont be dissapointed... :)
1	Bad service. When I waited for one of the three people to acknowledge they had a customer...three more people came in to line up as well. Finally she acknowledged me then told me I had to wait because someone else was in front of me....although I saw no one. Then the guy with change to pay finally got helped. Terrible service. Then the wifi is turned off on you after an hour. Totally lame. I will never be back because its just a hassle.
4	I like MadHouse, but this actually isn't a review at all--I just wanted to say that when I try to access MadHouse's website, I ALWAYS get a trojan warning from my browser. I think the site is infected. I hope the owners see this!
4	So I was introduced to Madhouse a couple years ago at the on near Eastern, but I really fell in love with this place within the past month. This one is on DI and is 24 hours which really works out with my work schedule. I've brought a couple dates here for coffee and dessert, after the bar to sober up, but I'm a regular with Tiffany.Madhouse is a great place to unwind after work or get your day started. I usually order the iced green tea and the Ron Jeremy to munch on. Tiff gets the iced passion tea (non sweetened, because she's already sweet enough as she states) and the BLT. The sandwiches are amazing! A tad over priced, but yummy. The crowd here is very young and hip and the owner always showcases art on the walls that you can buy. I've fallen in love with this one painting of a masked monster standing over a maze, but I won't pay $2,500 for it lol. Overall I love this place, and will continue to be a regular here with Tiff.
4	Pretty good cup o' joe and scrumptious looking pastries (sadly, I didn't partake).  The vibe is funky and artsy and cool; I felt like a hipster upon entering!  Nice folks and a comfy atmosphere are highly appreciated by this gal.  Free wifi is also a plus but like others have noted, the wifi is limited to a few hours' worth of surfing the internetz.
5	It was 10:30 at night and I wanted some decent coffee so I searched on yelp and found this place.  It was packed on a Monday night.  The cashier/ owner Marco was super helpful. We got the mad cow( hazelnut) and a white mocha. Each was very good. This place seemed like a hangout area for people in their mid 20's to do homework and hangout. They had a nice patio to sit out and enjoy the night. I can't wait to come back and try the red velvet mocha.
5	there are TWO things I like in this world...1.) A place open for 24/72.) A place that serves INTELLIGENTSIA coffee!!This place has both.. and super cool workers.. From Hookah, coffee, pastries and everything else...you cant go wrong with this kind of vibe.
4	This place is just too cool for where it's located!!!!!   I love it here!  The baristas are friendly and outgoing.  Always asking for details about how you like  your coffee!  The Mad Max here is a fantastic blended Coffee!
5	Friendly crew. Pet friendly. Best blended drinks ever. Food food. Yummy desserts! It's about the same price as Starbucks, but it most definitely worth it. They also offer to smoke hookah for very cheap. The vibe is great. Love going here. Always leave happy and satisfied! Mmm love coffee :)
1	Went thru drive thru and was greeted. Told him to give us a few minutes because it's our first time. He said to tell him when we were ready. The menu display is horrible. I was on the passenger side and I had to duck down to see the top half of the menu. My husband was ready and gave him our order but we didn't get a response. Waited another 2 minutes and said once again we were ready but again, no response. We gave up and left. That's bad customer service. We won't be back.
5	I think if I would give any points off for this place it would be for price..... But I didn't bc they aren't far off from Starbucks and the quality is heads and shoulders above them. I tend to stick to iced coffee mainly. Their iced coffee is pretty superior! The French macaroons are literally the size if your palm... Aren't the best but certainly not the worst either. Their sandwiches are clever and delicious and all the various blended drink options are to die..... Red velvet and monkey mocha?! Come on!I'm a self admitted coffee snob and this place really hits the mark. Anytime you can have a coffee joint open 24 hrs is a win win in my book!
1	If there was a zero star option, that is more appropriate to how I feel. My family & our dogs have come here for the four and one half years since it was "It's a Grind," when my Mom went through the drive thru to order catering for her party, the next day. The barista had her drinks made that day, not Halloween, as she asked. On Halloween Day, mom had gone through the drive thru just an hour before the party, buying more drinks for early party goers with out any mention by Madhouse employees that she wouldn't get her party order. My husband & I called just before we went to pick up the drinks...we were told that my Mother could get credit for half of what she paid?? She paid full retail for each of the $6.75 chai lattes, now Madhouse wants more money? That was inexcusable! As my husband and I walked away from the counter, a barista taunted us with either "we leave, or he'd have to call the police." Mom ordered & paid, their barista got the date wrong, we got nothing & were insulted...dudes, you have forever lost good customers who tip. There is an awesome Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf nearby.
4	Discovered this place off yelp and I'm glad I had the chance to try it out today! I've read so many reviews about the red velvet mocha so I decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint me :)!I love the atmosphere here. It's chill and inviting. It's definitely going to be my new study place. The staff were friendly too! I felt very welcomed by the cashier and didn't feel hurried to order since I was a newbie.I'm definitely going to come back here to try out their sandwiches which smelled amazing btw!
5	Great location, great drinks, free wifi! This used to be my spot while in college to study. They have raised their prices a bit, but it's understandable given the amount of foot traffic and 24 hr service. Everyone is always so friendly and the drink are consistent. Iced white, the threesome or more cowbell sandwiches, and fresh desserts make this place great!
5	This is my go to spot.  Great coffee and good food. I love to go here to catch up on work at night.  It's the only 24 hour/late night coffee house near Summerlin.  Only gripe is it's small, usually busy and can be hard to find a table to get some work done.  I guess that is a good problem to have!
5	I went in just for a treat a hot chocolate the crew suggested an italian hot chocolate. I have never had it before and being italian I am so ashamed. When it came I saw a thick and creamy cup of chocolate. When I tried it it was hot creamy decadent goodness I will have again it warms the heart.
1	No bueno! I ordered a blended caramel and my husband ordered a vanilla latte. My drink taste like ice and his seriously taste like a cigarette. No joke!
5	My favorite coffee shop. This locations opened 24 hours a day so u can go at 5am if you wanted to get that coffee fix in. The red velvet is my favorite! They also have awesome sandwiches!!! And the atmosphere is great. Bring a group of friends to play board games
5	I love this place! They have great service, are open 24/7, have yummy food, an array of delicious caff/decaf options that appeal to any palate & house all kind of geek friendly gifty things. They make their pastries in house as well as their menu items. -none of which have I ever been disappointed by. They cater to lots of different dietary adventures. They carry dairy, sugar, fat & even gluten free items for those less able to tolerate such things. Thank goodness this place is right near my house! It's my home base for meetings, whenever I can.
4	Itty Bitty MadHouse Coffee Review- On a cold Sunday night, the boypren and I dropped by for something hot to warm us up.- 12 ounce red velvet mocha with almond milk for me.  Americano coffee for him.- The drinks hit the spot.- Funky little coffee house at Desert Inn and Durango in the Von's shopping plaza.- They have hookahs here!- Keith Haring theme is kinda retro and very cool.- I'll be back to try the "Michael Jackson" drink:  white chocolate and regular chocolate coffee drink.- I'm a fan of the red velvet mocha.
5	I have to admit, I am still in love with this coffee house. It's been about a year  possibly longer since I First discovered it and I still have no real complaints. I have recently switched to coffee from hot tea and their coffee is hard to beat. I think the owner is really nice. My coffee was strange once and they made a whole new batch. I did have one thing that I noticed that I found weird about this place. I noticed they were selling the mancake protein muffins, the same they sell at greens and proteins... Until recently when they started having them in their baked goods section that they make themselves. It kind of made me wonder if they ripped the Idea off a budding Local company??? I really hope they wouldn't so that. I would find that tacky regardless of their profit margins.
4	Hot chocolate is made with real milk so no packaged powder con agua aqui. This was my first time here since the new ownership and they're a lot better compared to the previous occupants... Even the interior seems a lot more welcoming. This is the kind of coffee shop that you'd find me in if I was still in San Diego. Couches, coffee tables, outdoor seating and a restroom you're actually allowed to use lol. The staff is friendly and helpful. Only thing we weren't big fans of was the macron we ordered... It was salty. Though for its size and price point it was awesome, unfortunately we didn't say the same thing when it entered our mouths.
4	Cool little coffeeshop nestled in a typical "empty" mall layout in LV..reminds me of a place in Silver Lake..and they have Intelligentsia on drip. Stopped by to get a couple sandwiches..they got a bunch.  Kids are in town for WAG at Desert Aquatic..Go Cerritos Marlins!
5	When your flight is late on a Monday night, you are beyond jet lagged, and it's past midnight local time, where do you do next? If you are me, you head to the Mad House, and relax in peaceful bliss with a massive caffeinated drink! My choice is latte with almond milk but I encourage you to be more adventurous. Plus, after flying for many hours, I'm usually a bit hungry having avoided the dreaded "airplane food". Problem solved! The sandwiches here are absolutely delicious, and available on your choice of three fresh baked rolls. Yum!Finally, being a likely obvious first time customer, the service here was enthusiastic and friendly, helping us select from the varied menu! They brought our food out to us as we relaxed and surfed on free wifi (ask for the code after you spend a few bucks). Truly, we were lucky to find a spot to sit as this cool Oasis in Vegas was quite full, even at 1am on a Monday.
4	Weird service at drive through but I still love this place. Cool location(right across from the park), huge variety of drinks, and good WIFI!!You can come here and just sit in a corner for hours without being bothered on a comfy couch if you're lucky enough to score one. The coffee shop is very comfortable and even has outside seating for when Vegas weather allows you to enjoy the outdoors. They have a ton of options when it comes to drinks and desserts. Great place to hit up if you have a sweet tooth.
2	Honestly, I didn't see the appeal for this one. Sure it's open late, but it's Vegas... Strip mall location not convenient to most of town. The coffee was just okay but carried a hefty price tag. Baked goods, similar story. And despite spending almost $14 for a simple snack, they limit your internet usage. I'll pass
3	After wanting to meet up with a friend for a catch-up sesh, we settled on MadHouse for the location and for the high reviews. The staff were friendly and very welcoming. Loved that type of attitude, just brightened up our day! We ordered a cappuccino and a few pastries - the nutella-misu (isn't that brilliant!?) as well as the brightly colored, oversized coconut and strawberry macarons. We sat down in some leather chairs - was pleased that there were plenty of places to sit. Of all the things, the coffee was to die-for. Strong, earthy, delicious. I absolutely loved it. However, the pastries were not my favorite. As someone who regularly makes tiramisu and has made macarons numerous times, the Nutella-misu cream was delicious but the cake was dry, and that totally ruined it for me. The french macarons were artificial tasting and there were huge air bubbles - the crust needs to not shatter when you try to bite into them. We threw them away. I highly recommend the coffee, and the service was awesome - just maybe they should re-work the pastries I described.
3	Always passing by this place but never actually going in, I finally decided that I might as well try it. I loved the vibe that I got the second I walked in and the staff was really friendly. However, I was a little disappointed in the menu choices. I don't know what I was expecting; probably more of a Starbucks/boba tea place feel and I didn't really get that. I ended up getting the green tea smoothie and one of the strawberry macaroons, neither of them being anything special. It's a place to go to just hang out and catch up, but I don't think you should go out of your way to go here.
5	I searched for a popular 24 hour coffee house and MadHouse came up on Yelp. Upon walking in i liked how cozy the place felt and spotted a nice comfortable chair to sit in after ordering.  I am a sucker for a Caramel Macchiato, so when i saw it on their menu i immediately knew what i wanted.  The lady who took my order was incredibly nice and easy going. Also you can choose to have your coffee in a ceramic cup too! pretty snazzy!I find it kind of interesting they sell smokes and hookah tobacco here. I saw they were selling a hookah setup in the front along with packs of cigarettes and other smokes behind the counter.  The man who handed me my caramel macchiato saw my vape and said i was able to vape inside. I said "really?" in a surprised look and he said as long as there's no drugs, there is no problem. Now, i wouldn't be filling the whole cafe with vapor but i love to vape with a good cup of coffee and since there's no problem vaping here i believe this is my favorite cafe.Short but sweet. Definitely give their coffee a good go if you're in the area. Friendly customer service and great tasting coffee in a home-y and comfortable shop. Will definitely be back
1	Call me a coffee and macaron snob, but both were just awful. I couldn't bring myself to finish my purchases.
4	TLDR: 24 hours. Has food and drinks. Moderately priced. Owner is pleasant and grateful. Employees friendly, but not necessarily competent. Sells hookah. Free wifi with purchase. Has a drive-thru. Takes credit. Uses square trade. I've been going to this quaint little coffee shop for quite some time off and on for about 5 years. As you know, I do enjoy supporting my small business owners, so I'm happy to give my business to modest workers. I've met the owner several times now as each time he introduces himself to me. He appears grateful and humbled for any business and potential marketing that customers have to offer. I would describe him as eccentric and a definite night-owl. He enjoys what he does and he treats his employees with respect. He has even noticed when we post things to Instagram. A great person all-around. Let's get to the drinks. The matcha tea latte is very good. It's a little pricey, but it's well worth the price. Since I'm cheap, I wouldn't get it but that shouldn't deter you from getting one. The Nutella Mocha and red velvet mocha is great hot or iced. Word of caution: really sweet, especially towards the end of the drink. Ask for a water cup. In fact, get some food to wash it down with. I recommend the island of capri or the 4 x 4. Speaking of food, their macaroons are pretty good and so are their chocolate croissants, especially warmed up. As for cost, their food is also moderately priced. Hey, someone's gotta make money, right?  Everything or mostly everything is made on-location so you're getting the real deal. Let me know what you think!
4	Delicious Macaroons!
2	Edit: I'm adding some positives in this review in the name of fairness.This sugar festival of a coffee shop is unfortunately the only coffee shop open late in the area. "Sugar festival" you ask? Yup. I don't think I've been anywhere with more added sugar in drinks than this place. Every cup is like giving Eskimo kisses with diabetes itself. Let me run down other bits of I'm not a fan of.- The prices are kind of absurd. I got a shaved coconut mocha. This is just a blended drink with coconut in it. The bill came to $9. What? I asked why it was so high. She said because it was the 24oz. I said ok, give me a smaller one? The medium was $7.xx. Yeah. Expensive. Disclaimer: I got my drink with almond milk.- The wifi. What the f---. I've never heard of a coffee shop limiting time on wifi. It's not even GOOD wifi. You spend money, you get like 20-45 minutes. Then you're out. I get it if it's like... college student cramming time and everyone is just eating up space. I get it. But it's dead in there most of the time and this is just not necessary. I'm told this is not the case by the owner in a comment below, but I can confirm sub-1 hour wifi times by numerous friends accompanying me in the past.- Again, diabetes in a cup. STOP ADDING SO MUCH SUGAR.Things I am a fan of:- I am digging the eclectic mix of music. It is totally random. I heard some middle eastern here and there and this is pretty awesome.- Outdoor seating is a rarity and appreciated.- Staff is always friendly, every time.- Parking is plentiful and NOT shady. CoughStarbucksOnDecaturCough.
4	If nothing else, props to MadHouse for being 24 hours (I wish more places in Summerlin would offer late night hours). It's also pretty cool that you can experiment with menu options and order online, although I do wish that they would include nutritional information. (The one thing I prefer about Starbucks is that I know approximately how many calories I'm consuming with each order, because their website has a nutritional calculator.) The drinks are good. There's a lot of variety, including some pretty unique options that you can't find elsewhere. I also appreciate that they carry almond milk, since most other coffee shops don't. The selection of pastries seems pretty standard. I wish they had more seating. But aside from that, I think this is a pretty cool place (and, hey, there's always the drive thru...).
5	Great place to chill with the friends and have good coffee and great food.
5	I love the Madhouse. If I know I need to chill out for a bit and get some work done or meet with some friends, I always go here. Not only is the staff friendly, but the owner is extremely friendly as well. You feel like you are wanted there and not just money in the bank. I will be back again and again.
5	Madhouse reminds me of home ! Sacramento, Ca, although it's located in the desert of Las Vegas You will forget that it's not in a small town filled with relaxed laid back people. The coffee,tea, food and service is incredibly good!
5	Great coffee, great food. Been here about five times now, service is always great. Very consistent. Good local vibe, no chain cafe horsepuckery here. And they are vape-friendly.
5	The best cappucino in the city is here! If you are looking for beautiful, arromatic, and fulfilling espresso, go to MadHouse Coffee. My favorite pastry is the Almond Crossaint. Service is second to none, and the atmosphere is relaxing. By far the best Coffehouse in Las Vegas!
5	I've been on a coffee "kick" lately and decided to try this place out based on the positive reviews. I had the Nutella white chocolate mocha, and it was incredible! Not too sweet and not too strong, but definitely strong enough to give you a boost of energy. There is a nice outdoor patio too, so I can see myself coming back when the weather is nice to just enjoy a drink and chill. Will be back for sure ..
1	The coffee is great, its Quintin who is horrible. He has the worst customer service ever. He is consistently rude every time whether it is me ordering or any one I'm with. Via drive through too, so its not like he recognizes me either. Anything we get from there taste great. Our order has only been wrong with him and we visit daily. As well as consistently assures that our order is right when it is wrong. The first time this happened we brushed it off figuring every one has their bad days but we tip always as well. He has nothing to complain about but his poor attitude and lack of respect for the customer knowing what they ordered. Ive been a loyal customer for 7 years and he is the only one who I've ever had an issue with. Fix your customer service or leave the customer service industry. If it weren't for the closest vegan coffee house I could go to I wouldn't return just due to his poor service.Edited: just want to say the coffee, smoothies, and what ever we order is amazing. I guess the time i go there daily is when he is scheduled and its awful service from the beginning. other staff is amazing, welcoming, and on point. I will say five stars to the rest for not arguing that what I ordered was wrong when it was served to me.
5	I love this place! It's within walking distance from my house so I come here whenever I'm off on weekends. The service is always great with a very friendly staff. I always get the tiramisu to go with my coffee. It's made in house and is sooo good. I always recommend this place to everyone that lives near me.
5	This place is awesome! Stayed here for 4 hours having great coffee and great company. The staff was super friendly and nice. My new favorite coffee spot for sure!
4	Nice place to hang out with friends. Its comfortable, always excellent service. I like the sandwiches, but what about french macaroons, I tried once and didn't like them. Coffee is good, not bad. :)
4	This place is phenomenal for breakfast, however the prices are a little outrageous (even compared to Starbucks). I come here everyday and spend upwards of 300 a month here. Roughly 2 a day more than Starbucks. Recently I have noticed that the service is starting to fade, but still it is a nice quiet place to get some work done.
3	Delightful little coffee house- get your caffeine and sugar fix here, 24/7, complete with free wifi. Fairly creative coffee offerings, pastries and desserts made in-house, cheerful and friendly staff, and great music.Decor is colorful and welcoming, lots of patrons sitting around using the wifi with their various devices. Would feel comfortable coming here on a weekend to get some grading or lesson planning out of the way, but I imagine it may be difficult to find a seat sometimes- seems to be a popular place and it's a bit small.Went for the red velvet mocha- tasty and unique but a bit too sweet for me.Raided the dessert case and snagged 3 different macarons and (at BF's insistence) a small order of the tira-mousse. The macarons were large and perfect, and I really appreciated the bright colors and variety of flavors- green tea machta, white chocolate raspberry, and mint chocolate chip, in order of preference. Kind of a sugar overkill for me, could not have more than a nibble of each but really liked what I had.The tira-mousse was too much. I didn't like the texture or flavor, but BF and his friend really liked it and could have had more. Though I liked this place, I'm not big on sugar or caffeine, and found this place a little pricey- for the above order, with a moderate tip, came to over $20. Ouch.
1	I went here a lot when i was in college but I am busy to work so i rarely visit this placeI love heres atmosphere and i found out they changes insides interior slightly to get more people in. everything i likeHowever i went thete use wifi because i could not use wifi at home 3am in the morning. Usually when i go there i could use 3 hour wifi pass for complementary but tonight i have to ask wifi password to get it and once a hour i have to buy something to get the password... So since i have to buy $4 for each hour to use internet.. I dont think i will go this place again for the wifi. .. it us better to go starbucks..
2	I was so excited to come here because I LOVED the idea of a 24/7 coffee shop. Unfortunately, it just wasn't for me. It's packed and the Wifi isn't free. I forget the exact rule but you can only have a certain amount of wifi (I think 2 hours but I may be wrong) with a minimum purchase. Which worked out fine as the boyfriend and I went together and our drinks more than made up for the minimum purchase price to have wifi access.I guess being used to Starbucks' unlimited wifi no matter how much you spend, I just wasn't too impressed with that rule. I understand Starbucks is a huge corporation with more resources available to provide that much free wifi, but I've been to other smaller chains of coffee shops who don't have this minimum purchase price either to access their wifi. I just think people go to coffee shops to be there for a while on their laptop or mobile device and I just think it might be nice to show customer appreciation with free wifi without a minimum purchase price. I'd understand password-protected and for paying customers only, but I think a lot of us go to coffee shops for the sole purpose of being on our laptops for a few hours studying, working, doing whatever. It's a nice scene and it just sucks that 2 hours is all you get unless you want to buy more drinks or food.Also the drinks are very expensive, so you don't even save money on that. Just go to Starbucks and get unlimited wifi! The boyfriend got a red velvet ice blended drink which was okay and I got a raspberry chocolate truffle mocha. I actually threw mine away after 3 sips! The chocolate was TOO much. I felt like I had just drank out of a Hershey's bottle of chocolate syrup. The boyfriend left 2/3's of his drink in the fridge for 2 days before we threw it out as well. They're just super, super sweet. It doesn't feel like real hand-craft skills go into them. Just a ton of sweet syrups. The staff is nice, I hate to give them a low review because they all had great personalities but unfortunately I won't be back. The high prices, no free wifi, and crowded-ness just wasn't worth it to me =( But I recommend you at least come and give it a try! They must be packed because they have many fans. Guess I just wasn't one of them =(
5	this place is so perfect, they are open 24/7, perfect for late night study, not really a coffee drinker, but the tea was awesome, well nothing could go wrong with tea lol they either serve it in ceramic or coffee cup, i also had the pesto salad, which was delish... they also had pretty looking macaroons, so if ur on a diet, better turn away from them... they also serve hookah.. so in conclusion this is the perfect spot for a study session or just to simply hang out... definitely will be coming back for more late night study session... love this place, wish they would have it north side
4	I had the Red Velvet Mocha it was a good Fix to my coffee addiction. I Love that they have a drive thru especially when I'm stopping by at 2am. They have a patio area with a few tables to enjoy the lovely weather while it lasts. I will defiantly be back :)
4	Nutella White Hot Chocolate?! I am in! Not to mention.. this place is open 24 hrs!! I was in Vegas for over a month, and was on night shift... this place saved my life! It takes you to your happy place! I tried a sandwich once and decided to stick to the coffee and hot chocolate, though. It wasn't anything special. Either way, this place is great and has more than one location so you can get a Nutella White Hot Chocolate almost anywhere at ANY time!
1	This must be the only place in LV that has this thing "called" the internet and because  of it they are even nice to their customers, " the more you spend the more free internet you get ... GOD BLESS!! you and your business , you're doing this community a great service Now if I had a computer I would spend all my money here :)p.s. please see picture
5	Love the coffee and home made pastries here. Sometimes the crowd is a bit hipster but I go anyway.
4	I had the tiramisu and I usually get frapps or smoothiesLove the vibe except the drinks can get too sweet.
3	It's a nice place but my iced coffee tasted a little weak.I'd go back when I'm in a rush.
4	Love that they have a 24 hour drive thru!!! The girl was very helpful considering I had a couple questions through a speaker. I ended up ordering a red velvet latte with soy milk.  It was ok, not great but I will be back to try something different. Also got a coconut macaroon to share surprising really good! But huge!
5	Drive thru guy with glasses and nose ring was friendly and smiley, I ordered and iced coffee with a shot and it was BOMB! First sip I said out loud "gaht damn" ! Not watered , day old hot coffee that they put in a fridge and sell as iced coffee...
5	Just passing thru on a road trip. Happy I stopped here! After grabbing some actually good pastries for the road from a French bakery up the road (bc the reviews for this place seemed like sweet desserts were more their forte), I needed coffee. The large iced coffee was humongous, and coming from Chicago, the intelligentsia coffee with soy milk tasted familiar and was a great surprise I enjoyed all the way to flagstaff! I also ordered the turkey, ham, pepperoni, provolone, and lettuce sandwich (can't remember the name, something like the "Vito") and I was asked what kind of bread I wanted. Nice... Pleasantly surprised it came toasted. I think my bill was $11 or $13... Not cheap but also totally satisfying.
4	MadHouse coffee is a solid, un-cookie cutter coffee place in Vegas. I really appreciate places that aren't a Starbucks or a Coffee Bean or a Seattles Best. I try to avoid chains as much as possible unless it's a gas station.MadHouse is located next to one of my favorite nail shops in town. Usually before a pedi on Sundays, I'll stop in at MadHouse which is never too busy. Service is always friendly and they offer some unique flavors: Nutella, Red Velvet, and a few other that are escaping me at the moment.Trust me, these drinks are sweet. I feel like I may get diabetuuus every time I indulge.MadHouse offers homemade sandwiches and baked item. All of which have been decent, nothing that has me running back or craving. MadHouse has a drive-thru (which doesn't encompass their huge menu - go inside people, especially if you're ording the diabetuuuus lattes and whatnot), offers free Wifi, and has open mic nights, which are odd because the place isn't really built to hold more than I'd say 10-15 comfortably and the tables are like huge slabs of cement. My ordered a big iced here once and when I noticed she wasn't drinking it, she said it was sour, and it was. I told her to stop by on the way back to her house, I ran in, they replaced it and apologized and offered me a free cookie (which I declined because it's FESTIVAL SEASON, baby).MadHouse is good, not great, and certainly not the best coffee house in Vegas, but a nice change of pace from the landscape of so many Starbucks.
2	Good coffee, friendly, and nice place. Greedy with their wifi need to spend at least $4 to for 1 hour and over $7 if want to use any longer than that where other coffee places have unlimited
5	came here at 2 in the morning for a little hot chocolate with my boyfriend & I can say this place is super cute. nothing like Starbucks & the staff are friendly. this was our first time here so we took a few minutes to see what we really wanted & the lady was super patient with us & joked about how we didnt even take that long at all. we went to go sit down & expected to be called up to the front when our order was ready but she brought us our drinks instead which was very nice. really clean but it can get busy & the only thing i don't like is how the couches are literally right by the register. other than that, I will be returning.
5	passing through vegas wanted to find fine crafted espresso.  saw that madhouse used intelligentsia so i figured they probably knew their stuff.  still i was crossing my fingers.  but it was the real deal, carefully pulled rich espresso, slightly chocolately and a perfect creme.  naweed, my barista was friendly and above all knew his stuff!
5	Omg! Pesto pasta is sooooo yummy and the coffee has been on point every single time!!!! Love love love madhouse! It's one of Las Vegas's super cool coffee shop that isn't pact all the time and has great service ! Love madhouse coffee shop!
2	I love coffee shops but I can think of a few off the top of my head that I'd rather frequent.  And no I'm not including any major chains like Starbucks or Coffee Bean.  I have been here twice.  COFFEE: I'm not a fan of their drinks.  The first time I tried some mint mocha latte.  Meh.  It was mediocre.  The second time I tried the white chocolate hazelnut... gah.  Just terrible.  This leads me to my other point...they're not cheap.  Since I spent like 6 dollars on this latte I decided to finish it but it was SO SWEET that I felt like I was going to gag for the next three hours after it.  I've never experienced that with coffee. My boyfriend seemed to like his drinks both times.  He seems okay with coffee drinks being somewhat of a dessert; I, however, do not like my drinks to taste like a dessert.AMBIANCE: I like to study in coffee shops so ambiance is important to me.  Too small inside and nothing special.  Their music is better than most though.  WIFI, GRR: The way they do their wifi is just annoying to me.  As someone else said, they're greedy.  Why come here when other coffee shops with better coffee have unlimited wifi with purchase?  I guess their only appeal is being open 24 hours.  Last time I went I was studying from my textbook but my boyfriend wanted to use their wifi.  He spent 12 dollars because he got a pastry and latte; when he asked the lady for a wifi slip she gave him the "4$-7$ One hour" slip, even though he paid more and should have received more wifi time.  Even typing that makes me so peeved because this shouldn't even be an issue.  Not only did she short him but I also spent 6 dollars on my subpar drink so we really should have gotten additional time.  Like I said though... why is this even a thing?!  The place isn't even big enough to have a ton of people slowing down the wifi.SILVER LINING/TL;DR: They have a wide array of sandwich choices which is a nice option to have.  They also have a drive through, which is convenient.  It's not terrible but two stars means, "Meh. I've experienced better." and that is a perfect way to describe my sentiment about this place.
2	Greedy when it comes to Wi-Fi. Spent 19 dollars between two people and got a 4-7 dollar time allot for one hour. Drinks are expensive and super sweet.
5	Fantastic coffee shop. I'm here almost every day, and it's always amazing. The food is delicious and the drinks are superb and the people are absolutely wonderful, and unbelievably sweet. The owner is an absolute sweetheart and loves his customers.I couldn't love the atmosphere here more. Between the music, the people, and the beautiful art they feature, it's the perfect spot to just sit for hours. It's completely unique and refreshing, and being here is a relaxing experience.The Japanese matcha green tea smoothie is my favorite, and I order it every time. Every sandwich on the menus is delicious, but I have a soft spot for their Tiramisu and French macaroons. It's open 24/7, perfect for late night cramming or a night out with friends. Everyone that I've brought here loves it. This is my go-to spot, and has been for about 2 years now.
5	This place is a dream come true! A seriously cute neighborhood coffee shop that is open 24 hours and offers unique and incredible coffee, drinks, food and bakery goods - enough said! I ordered the iced coconut latte (which is not even on the menu), but the cashier and the barista were very friendly and more than happy to oblige.Love at first sip! It was super icy, cold, and deep in flavor! Delicious hint of decadent coconut, just the right amount of creamy milk, and the perfect amount of expresso. It wasn't too sweet - it was refreshing and perfect. The caffeine packed a punch and I was jumping off the walls in a good way!I was extremely happy with my drink. I had to get up and compliment and thank my barista multiple times before we left. She mentioned that she added a few dashes of mocha in it as well, so that I can tell the barista how to make it the next time I come in. I'm so in love with this drink! The Japanese matcha green tea smoothie is also too legit to quit. I can agree with the other yelpers when they say it's pricey ($6 small/ $9 large) but man, is it sweet, icy cold and addicting. The matcha flavor is bold and it's right up there with Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf's (CBTL) green tea ice blended drink. They both taste like rich, creamy and dreamy matcha ice cream. It's about $3 cheaper at CBTL, but still, whichever is closer is the winner in my opinion. Though, Madhouse is open 24/7 so it's great for after hour cravings. We also ordered a matcha white chocolate macaroon. It was huge, sweet and yummy. I didn't really taste the matcha, but the white chocolate flavor came through strong.Thank you Madhouse for being wonderful and a diamond in the rough.
5	Amazing coffee. Fantastic gigantic macaroons. Great relaxing atmosphere. This place is awesome!
3	Four stars is pretty accurate for this place, but I vote three because of prices. After ordering an iced coffee (we were presented with large and medium as choices), a red velvet mocha iced in small, an egg cheddar and sausage croissant and a chocolate croissant.... And paying $20 bucks.... I'm going to have to file this under "when I have too much money to spend on a big coffee and small breakfast"Everything was delicious, employees were friendly, good atmosphere... But man, we were shocked by the 20 bucks. I guess it probably almost on par with Starbucks, but they're quite brilliant at not offering up the prices on the food. All food items don't have prices, whereas in Starbucks you can purposely avoid crazily prices items. We thought, how much could this be? Our jaw dropped at $20, and with the iPad they use for checkout, no receipt was provided... Too bad. (I later found out my girlfriend accidentally chose the "no receipt" button when choosing options on the iPad).  Could have asked separately for the receipt, but we were still sticker shocked and just walked away. If you have the money, want to pay Starbucks like prices for some better specialty drinks, and don't mind paying a lot for small amounts of pretty good food, this is your place!Like Starbucks, I'm sure if you come in and keep it mega basic like a coffee and a muffin, you'll be alright, but what was I thinking agreeing to a hot egg sandwich?!My biggest drawback, and why I give this 3 instead of 4 stars, is the VALUE of the place. We spent 20 some bucks at Babystacks Cafe and got a huge breakfast with unlimited coffee refills. Delicious pancakes, a server to take care of us, all for similar price as madhouse. Even worse, at the German Bread Bakery, we got double the food with a coffee and spent more than 60% less than at Madhouse. For awesome quality pastries. I just can't justify spending this amount on coffee and small sandwiches. Also, we spent 20 bucks and got a voucher for 2 hours on wifi... I thought ok great, girlfriend put it in her iPhone to skype with her family, and I went to put it in mine... And apparently one user was all it was good for. I probably could have asked for another code, but why so stingy on wifi?
1	Worst coffee joint in Vegas, I will never support this establishment all due to the owner who is a disgusting, self absorbed, heartless man. I witnessed him take a picture of an over weight person laughing and pointing it out to his employees. I did call him out on it and made sure he knew he would NEVER get the business of my friends and I ever again. He shrugged me off and said "good, I don't want your business" I hate giving a bad review, especially to local small business, but Madhouse Coffee doesn't deserve to get anyone's business!!
4	This place is awesome. Yet, I do have 2 complaints. 1. The owner is kind of rude. 2. I know theu are not a hookah lounge, which is why this fomplaint was not calculated into my rating, but their hookahs are not very good. Other than that, the coffee and the food are amazing. If the owner could be nice, they would get a 5.
5	Love this place, its too bad I don't live in Vegas anymore. When I am in town, I'll have to make a stop here. I ordered the Matcha Green Tea smoothie, it is definitely pricey, at $6.95 for the medium size I believe...? But I expected as much since it is Matcha powder which is expensive in any grocery store. I would have to say this drink rivals Urth Cafe's Green Tea Boba blended drink, and may even surpass it.
5	Love love love that they're open 24 hours!!!  They'll make just about anything you want....even off menu items. The 50/50 is not what you think but super yummy!  Play a variety of laid back music and have out door seating, though the smoking outside could go but you can't control everyone. Amazing variety of sandwiches with alternative varieties for diet restrictions.....just have to ask and they'll try to accommodate you. Good stuff!
4	It's 12 am and a couple friends and I wanted to get some coffee, so we drove all the way out to Madhouse! When we got there the inside was packed!!! But there is also a patio-like area outside for customers to sit. I definitely recommend their blended red velvet mocha. This was my first time trying red velvet mocha, and it was super good!!!
4	It's a little pricey but worth it. They have good breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches. My favorite is the island of Capri. The coffee is good but not great. They have outdoor seating for cooler days and games to play with friends if you can't strike up conversation with them.
3	There aren't a lot of smaller/mom and pop style coffee houses in Las Vegas (Compared to the Pac. NW where I'm from where is one on almost every corner) so Mad House is a nice choice if you want a break from Starbucks. They have a ton of options and many more flavors than say Starbucks, which is great if you want to change it up. The reason I'm giving them three stars instead of more is the service. The people are friendly and all but they really, really, I mean REALLY, need some more training. Ordering there is a huge task and they mess up frequently. In fact, the only saving grace is the kids are the window are nice so it's hard to get super fed up with them always making mistakes. My last two times there my order has been messed up. My second time there my order was messed up... it's happened several times. They also don't seem to keen on the common coffee lingo. "I want a medium iced-latte or a medium coconut latte" usually turns into them asking a dozen questions just to get the order right. If I order an 'iced latte' they then ask, 'what flavor did you want?' 'you wanted that iced?'... last time I ordered a non-fat coconut latte I got 'so you want a latte with coconut syrup?'... um, yes, when someone orders a latte with a flavor, that means they want that flavor of syrup. Trying to order multiple drinks at once is even worse. I would like to think the kids just haven't been trained that well, but it really makes me just want to hit Starbucks when ordering is such a hassle. But the coffee is good and they have a drive through window, which is nice in the morning on the way to work, but even that is loosing it's charm.When I first went there, the drive through was quick. But that also seems to be slowing down. Not sure if it's due to, again, staff just isn't trained well and it takes them a long time to make the drinks, or if like this AM, the girl at the window was busy flirting with the guy in his car after handing him his drink. It's cool to be friendly, but when someone goes through a drive through, they are doing so to be quick. Not sit there for 10 minutes while you have a giggle session with the cute guy ordering coffee. This place could be a go-to if they just fixed a few things.
2	So, we're leaving lunch when the coffee craving hits me and I pull up Yelp to find MadHouse Coffee. The whole way there, I'm thinking I have been here before, and not until we pulled up did I realize we came here a few years back when it was It's A Grind. From what I remember, it's definitely changed. It's a fairly small spot and even though it's a little hipsterish, I dig the art on the walls and some of the quirky little knick-knacks lining the counter.The menu here is pretty big and naturally, the first thing that caught my eye was the mention of Nutella in multiple items. They've got quite a few unique items too like mocha frappes in Cake Batter, Red Velvet and my pick, the Monkey Mocha, which is peanut butter and banana. While both the peanut butter and banana flavor were really good in the drink, it was a way too watered down for me. The wifey had the Cake Batter Mocha and it was so insanely sweet, I don't even know how she drank it. I also got what they call the Nutellamisu and wasn't a huge fan. It didn't taste anything like Nutella and I think it may have been old. It was ok, but the taste just wasn't right and the ladyfinger portion of it was super soggy.My biggest reasoning for the two stars is the employees. Whenever I go somewhere that has an open kitchen or whatever you call it in a coffee shop, I tend to watch what everyone's doing. Not because I want to nitpick, but because I'm legitimately interested and intrigued by what goes on back there. So, as I'm sitting there watching the two people back there work, I notice the girl keeps eating food behind the counter. And she kept doing that thing where when you eat something crumbly, you're almost putting your fingers in your mouth to catch it. Well, after she does that...she goes right to making something else and touching other food that was for a customer in the drive thru. Coupled with their not so friendly attitudes, it seemed weird and gross to me that she's back there eating, but not washing her hands. It was enough for me not to want to try anything else on the menu, including the sandwiches, which looked pretty good too by the way.Prices aren't terrible, but they aren't great either. A medium blended drink will set you back about $6, which made our total bill just under $18 with two mochas and the Nutellamisu. For me, there was very little to like here and unless I was in the area at some weird hour craving coffee, I probably won't be coming back.
1	One day I was pimpin' down DI with a bitch who just done OD'd on some D and whipped my whip into this ogre slit of an establishment. My tale is short but has a decent girth (4" last time I checked in the Home Depot checkout line on what was coincidentally the last time I was allowed in a Home Depot). Some Romanian ass in a bumblebee coupe (Porsche) was servin up some mean Joe at a place that allowed the public to DJ as long as they wanted to play Gorillaz or Radiohead. I can't bring an outside drink? How am I supposed to sip down some lean while I'm playing mafia in the checkout line? How am I supposed to get that sweet pineapple juice jizz taste for the honey I bang in the Pulp Fiction bathroom? If you want better coffee, take a shit in a cup and ask for a free refill at the nearby Roberto's. You won't be disappointed, unlike if you come here looking for anything but some wack ass scene kids lookin' like they high as a kite and just dropped they asses out the womb of 2007.
4	Best Coffee, Breakfast Sandwiches, &&- Lunch Sandwiches. Also Has Great Art Framed Pictures For Sale If Interested In Art. Overall Great Place To Eat 24/7
5	So, a big 5 stars to the manager/owner!! I wrote2 star review where it turned out to be a misunderstanding on MY part.  Manager came over within 2 minutes of my posting (I was still in coffee shop) and he went well above necessary to address my concerns.  After our conversation, it was evident I misunderstood the situation, but Marco still remade my drink at no charge and even offered a great macaroon to go with it.  I can't complain in any way and for Marco's care, attention and patience - 10 stars!!!
5	Great place for hanging out and recollecting with friends. Friendly staff. And the coffee itself, not bad at all. They definitely have variety and different selections than you'd find at Starbucks or Coffee bean. I LOVE that it's open 24 hours as well. My respects to the staff for maintaining an awesome attitude even at those hours. Definitely add this to your list of places to check out!!
2	The good: super friendly staff, decent iced latte, open 24 hrsThe not-so-good: outrageous prices (this coming from someone who normally has no qualms with coffee-shop prices; you're not getting anything extra-special for the extra dollar you're going to pay for coffee, and I am comparing prices to other local coffee shops, not just Starbucks), "kitschy" stuff all over the place I guess to support this whole "mad-house" idea that to me just seems sort of contrived.But my iced latte did the job and it is open 24 hrs and close to me... so I'm sure I'll be back. I would not drive out of the way for this ever.
4	The coffee here is good and the employees are nice. They have some healthy food options BUT today I saw they had French Macarons!!! They make them in house and I had to try one. It was Awful. I love my Macarons but they have to look and taste right! They tasted stale and it wasn't pretty like a macaron should be! The outside was not smooth and the inside was way too chewy:( It looked like it had exploded. BUT I do t go there for the Macarons I go for the coffee. So I'll return again.
5	Nice change of pace from the usual coffee I drink.  I wish they had a few more locations around town for convenience.  Thumbs ups for MadHouse Coffee.
4	I love this coffee house! Awesome music, great coffee,  and friendly customer service.  Though, I bit pricey compared to other coffee houses.
2	Eh, I'll probably give them another try at least, but I am not super impressed.Did the drive through yesterday, ordered the Nutella White Chocolate blended mocha. Came to $5.98 for the smallest size which I thought was way high even for coffee house prices. Worst part, is I don't actually think I got the right drink. It tasted nothing like Nutella or White Chocolate. It tasted like a regular mocha and had chucks of milk chocolate throughout the whole drink. It wasn't bad, but just seemed nothing like what I was supposed to get??The reason I think I will probably come back is I didn't actually realize you could get different milks. I missed that on the menu, and I am lactose intolerant (took a pill to have the drink I got) and it would have been great to not have to worry about that. Not sure if there is an upcharge for that through. If so, I am not really sure these drinks would be worth an even higher price.
5	Madhouse coffee is the cute comfortable coffee place I have been looking for all my life. My boyfriend and I like to go get coffee together on date night and often have trouble finding places that are open past 8! This place is open 24 hours to sit inside/outside OR go through the drive-thru! Lots of different coffee kinds that I have yet to try.. But their pour over's are great. :) they also have a good sized menu for food/small dessert bites. Overall I thought the ambience of the place is awesome and matches with what is served. Good music, good lighting, friendly staff, delicious drinks.. It did not disappoint and we will be back. :)
5	Madhouse coffee is the local coffee shop I've been looking for all my life! My fave is the blended caramel mocha, way better than any other coffee places! Prices are reasonable and employees are great! I love the wannabe sandwich on focaccia. I never liked pesto but this one is the only pesto I would ever eat! The owner, Marco, is a great guy, he cares about his customers and he takes care of any concerns one might have. Andrea is my fave barista- thanks to her natural sincerity and jolliness! Every morning before work, this is where I'd be found. And on my days off, my system still asks for some madhouse! I'm so madly in love with this place. No one will understand my obsession...
5	I come here 3-5 times a week. It can be pricey but the quality is amazing. The staff are very chill and seem like fun people to hang out with. I will never go to Starbucks ever again because this place is perfection!
1	Horrible Customer Service. Ordered at the drive thru a 32oz blended non coffee frap and asked them to put it into  to 2 16oz cups for me and my daughter. The guy who took the order had no problem with that. After waiting for at least 5 min someone came to the window and asked me what I wanted to order. What? I asked them joking you forgot my order? Guess the guy didn't find funny and just looked annoyed. I then told him my order and asked if he can put it into 2 cups. He then said he would have to charge me for 2 16oz drinks? I then asked if i get the 32oz and an extra cup. He said he would have to charge me for the extra drink since  I'm using a cup... Lol you got to be kidding me. I then said I'll pass,  he just closed his window. I just went to coffee bean down the street which I always go to and they have are always great. Would not go here which I'm sure won't hurt there bottom line but just felt I should share.
5	This place is as good as it gets! There is a drive through and a walk in, its so convenient.  Every time I come here I get extremely fast service and the people are very friendly. The coffee, tea, food, everything is AMAZING! Seriously, best smoothies and coffee I have tasted! It's so much fun to be there and the environment is very relaxing. If you go there one time you will be HOOKED!!
2	I don't really know what the buzz is about. Got a vanilla iced latte and I wanted some macarons... there was only one flavor in the case and the cashier told me to look in the case next to it, which only had croissants...shouldn't you know what you have on display? I asked him if they had any more flavors and he had to yell it to another employee...um okay. I ended getting the only macaron therr was, I think it was orange. It wasn't amazing or anything. I don't think I'd come back.
5	Spiced chai is really good. I got mine with coconut milk. My only complaint is that I asked for them to warm my croissant up and they didn't. But it's ok, I just popped it in the microwave. Very delicious!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE...The coffee is good, the tea is good the staff are amazing and they have organic which is hard to find.
4	I'm so excited this place is here!  We just relocated to the area and are so relieved Starbucks isn't an option anymore! (Coffee price is slightly higher than starbucks)My wife ordered a very good white chocolate mocha, which was very good, and I ordered an iced black tea.  We shared a roasted turkey, bacon, and cheese sandwich on ciabatta...it was very good.
3	WALKED IN, greeted right away.ordered the Iced Chai.best iced chai in my life.so good i want to get another one actually.. right now. i'll be back see ya later. lol
2	I enjoyed it the first time I went because it was late and it's open 24 hours, but after a couple of more visits I've decided it's not the spot for me. The drinks and food are so-so and overpriced. But I'm really disappointed with their wi-fi policy. They're not only forcing people to buy something in order to get the password, but you have to buy every hour and a half to keep using it. That's ridiculous and inconvenient. Plus the furniture could use some upkeep, especially the leather couches/benches.
5	Monkey Mocha is the best coffee choice here. I was amazed at how good it is and no other drink here compares. I have my new craving now!
5	I go with my husband and our dogs every weekend.  The coffee is wonderful and the atmosphere second to none.  We love to sit on the patio and relax.  Quentin and Roseanne not only make excellent coffee, they make their customers feel like family.  Marco, the owner, has a great place.  We are true fans.
4	Their hot cocoa is good. Their green tea latte is even better and they have a nutella smoothie it is delicious! The artwork on the walls is local and it's always very interesting. I had a cookie there, it was kind of dry and stale or else I would have given it a 5 star. The prices aren't bad and they are always open. Great for the late work shifts and late night conversations.
4	Late post but I actually went in this morning at around 12:30 am and was greeted right away. I love the atmosphere and it's such a cute little coffee spot inside! The guy who actually helped me and took my order was friendly! Great customer service! He helped me make a decision on what I wanted to order. I ended up getting a BLT and 2 macarons. I LOVE LOVE the macarons. The flavors I got were black berry and white chocolate and pumpkin and white chocolate. Super yummy! Earlier that day my brother also got me a hot matcha latte which I also fell in love with! The only thing I don't really like is that mostly every drink on the menu is TOO sweet. I wish they had healthier or less sugary beverages on the menu. Overall4/4.5
3	The food and drinks are good, but the service is slow and kind of hit or miss. I like the patio area when the weather is nice.
5	By far one of the coolest coffee houses in Vegas.     The artwork, the employees, the food, the coffee all just amazing!    It has become one of my weekend rituals of getting the nutella coffee.    Youll be hooked after the first cup.   See everyone soon!
5	My favorite coffee shop in Vegas!
5	Such a great coffee shop! I come here all the time, and enjoy taking my friends to try this place out. I love all the alternative milk options, and variety of specialty coffee. Love their sandwiches too. Only complain is they need more variety of deserts!
3	Since the internet was not reliable at my home I decided I would try here since I've heard and read great things about it.  I bought a drink and sat down to take my timed exam.  The internet dropped 3 times in the midst of it and I had to speed home and pray my internet would easliy connect to submit it since it dropped a 3rd time at the coffee place.  The green tea latte was good but including everything else it was a complete disaster and I have no intent to return.
5	This place is fantastic awesome coffee great food and awesome deserts great service and it's 24 hours a must try for everyone
5	Great coffee place. Generally we like starbucks. But this place is better.  I had the mocha late and Christine the red velvet. We split a chocolate muffin which was really great tasting buy not on my diet at all... VBG :-)
4	After a long few weeks of not having any form of liquids except water - I finally got elsewise!Ordered the Matcha Green Tea drink, it was about 6$ for a small - which was the size of a regular Starbucks cup size.Whipped cream was optional, which I added - and made the whole drink so much more delicious!The matcha green tea tasted EXACTLY what a liquified form of green tea kit kats would. I was taken aback at first, but got used to it.Not too sweet, not too bitter - but excellent.Although waiting to place an order and for the drink to be made took quite awhile!But then again, there was a lone one-man-worker.
5	I come here and when I get my nails done next door. It's a really cute setting with trendy music and nice seating Inside and out. There's a mixed crowd of people there. They have lots of vegan and vegetarian options as well as regular food. So far everything I've tasted was really good. They even offer water or dog treats if you bring your puppy. It's a comfortable place to hang out and lounge with good food. Prices are reasonable. There is also artwork you can purchase on the walls periodically.
5	I really enjoy this spot. Open 24 hours, I enjoy the convenience after my long nights out or just for a place to relax on a nice afternoon. Quirky and interesting decor, but it fits for a 24 hour coffee shop.  I love that they have an outside area (umbrellas for shade optional if requested!) I plan on stopping by here more frequently whenever I am in the area. Drinks are great.  I am not too extravagant when it comes to coffee.  The frapps may be a little too sweet for me, but as always I just request for less sweet anyways if I do feel like trying something other than just regular coffee.  Anyways, lots of options, open whenever, relaxed atmosphere.  Sounds good to me!
5	When I first discovered this place, I wanted to kick myself for going to my local chain coffee shops the entire time I've lived in the area. There is a distinct difference in the food and drink quality here. You can tell the pastries are actually  homemade unlike the packaged thawed out baked goods at most chain shops. The Almond Crossaint is to die for. I am addicted to the Red Velvet blended mocha as it is not too sweet or overwhelming as I expected it might be. It definitely hits the spot. Only disappointment I have was with the sandwiches. I expected the bread to be alot fresher or at least toasted with some sort of olive oil coating or something. I opted for the Ron Jeremy the first time and an egg and cheese the second. I noticed my bread was cold and hard and did not seem to be the freshest both times. I think I might give it another try with maybe a different bread or ask for my bread warmed up. The Coconut blended Mocha is also yummy but a bit too sweet for my taste. The Peanut Butter blended mocha was interesting but again, maybe a bit too much for my taste buds. Try a Macaroon. They have a new flavor daily and are really good.
3	I like red velvet stuff and have been hearing about this red velvet mocha drink at Madhouse Coffee, so I had to check it out. Pulled up to the drive thru around 11pm, score for them being open 24/7, and ordered the red velvet mocha, medium, blended. That's it. My total was $6.74!! I thought this drink must come in a gold cup, but that was not the case. I liked the drink, but they used wayy too much dye and my tongue, teeth and lips were stained red. Not so much a problem at 11pm, but be forewarned if you happen to get this drink on your way to work or something, it stains! So the drink had a little but of a red velvet flavor, but nothing too distinct. It was mostly a sweet, red, blended drink. I would probably come back here because they have some interesting drinks that I want to try like the monkey mocha which is pb and banana, and the nutella white chocolate. Also I like to support local businesses.
3	First off, the place has a great vibe and the atmosphere is very relaxing. The variety of drinks and food is great, a good amount to choose from. The coffee, if I can even call it that, is way too sweet. I was taken back from my first sip and I couldn't take any more sips after the fourth one because there was just too much sugar. The macaroons were okay, again, too sweet. The service were average, but you'll always see the what seems to be French guy there at night and he is rather friendly. They gave me the wrong drink once and insisted that I ordered it wrong rather than admitting that they got the order wrong, which really bothered me. I took the drink anyways as I didn't want to cause any trouble but that is not the customer service I, or anyone, would want upon. The best thing about Madhouse is the fact that they are 24 hours, living up to the Vegas name because not a lot of place nearby is 24 hours. It is a good place to hang out when everything is closed.
5	Usually the coffee is great! Pink macaroons are huge and are the best!! Weird and scary looking to take my toddler. Very artistic inside and unique.
4	Great place to go and have a coffee. Cute and arty inside. Good coffee, sandwiches, nice pastries on offer, wifi, friendly barristas, and it's open 24/7!! What more can you ask for?  Also have drive-thru :-)
