3	So I'm by no means a big fan of ethnic cuisine, so just getting me to eat at an Indian restaurant was a challenge. They're a fine dining Indian restaurant & we headed here for lunch one day.The variety of the menu is kind of sparse for me, but maybe that's because it was all Indian food. I opted for the pizza, as close to an American dish as I could get. It was actually quite good & I would have never guessed I was eating ethnic food. Some other people at the table were a little more adventurous than me & ended up getting some stuff that didn't look too appetizing to me.The atmosphere of the place is like your normal fine dining establishment, with white table clothes & the tables already set. It was kind of dead when we got there, but we probably missed the lunch crowd.Apparently this is a high ranking restaurant in Charlotte, & #1 in Indian cuisine. I wish I could appreciate the food more, but I'd just rather stick to my American entrees.
4	Indian food is by far one of my favorite things to eat, and Saffron didn't disappoint.I an a friend shared some lamb dish and some chicken curry, and although I was a bit surprised that naan wasn't included in the meal (just rice), the portions were large and overall it was a good value.Service was excellent, with a friendly (but not *too* friendly) waiter and affable staff.We went during dinner, but at lunch they have a buffet which I'd like to try next time.Highly recommended if you're in the neighborhood and like Indian cuisine.
4	I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine, with that said the lunch buffet was a great way to sample some different items without being too overwhelmed. The staff was nice and answered my questions (basically the same question over and over "What's in this?"). I thought the Chicken Tikka Masala was really good and worth checking out.
4	Indian food done well. Friendly service and great atmosphere.
4	Very very good, from a Punjabi reviewer.Went early on a Friday night... no wait. The food was fantastic with good flavor. We had the TIkka Masala and Chhola. Father had the Tandoori Chicken which was okay.I wasn't a fan of the paper tablecloths, and the waiter did push the alcohol/wine list too much. Not the typical warm, mom-and-pop feel to the place, but overall, great food.
4	Yay Saffron is yummy. It is the only indian restaurant I've tried in the QC, but thats absolutely fine. I don't need to look any further. I've eaten at many Indian restaurants back home in CA and Saffron is up there with the best of them. It is a "fine dining" style so dishes are a little pricier than normal, but worth it.Tandoori chicken is good. Enough spice. Curry is also excellent. fairly spicy, but they can control the heat for ya. The naan is excellent. Their garlic naan is also yummy. The staff is very friendly and will explain any dish if needed. I highly recommend it. it isn't too traditional that it will scare away some folks. It's a good introduction into indian food imho.
4	Saffron is good because they refill the food often so it stays warm and fresh. Also, the service is very friendly and they keep their restaurant clean. The naan was pretty good, and I loved the tandoori chicken, but I wish there was more variety in general and more spicy options.What I didn't like was the arrangement of the buffet. Way too cramped especially when I am rushing to eat my plate full of food! Also, the table they sat us at was terrible for buffet-ing because it was a booth and hard to get in and out. They need more veggies.Overall it was a good experience. Recommended for the $8.95 lunch buffet!
5	Awesome food. I was passing by carowinds, Charlotte. This is one of the beat Indian restaurant. Panned makhani's gravy id spicy and tangy. U wanna try this!!the best gulab jamun I had in india. As an indian, I recommend everyone to please try this. Don't miss it. Have some space for your dessert ;)
5	Best Indian food I have had in years.
4	Charlotte police investigated today when an explosion ripped through the Saffron Indian Restaurant shortly after their buffet line closed.  Several windows were blown out and Indian food was scattered over a large area in the parking lots. No one appeared to have been injured although one woman reported that her husband had suddenly disappeared and has not yet returned. She said she thought perhaps he had gone back through the line again for one MORE helping but then there was this huge "Puff" and everything "turned a kind of a saffron-like color for a moment".  Hmmmmm . . . let me try again.Eating the lunch buffet at the Safron is like listening to one of the world's great musical masterpieces while you are slowly strolling through a magnificent museum of art. Cascading tones of taste blend with contrasting elements of sour and sweetness, textures of pan and marsala and korma waft through the canvas and melodies of chicken and peas and mushrooms and lentils and rice and potatoes, all of which are saturated in the deep rich fullness of the melted flavors of spices and gravies that bring memories and dreams of glory to life, and each new bite is more than just an elevation of spirit, it is also a preparation and initiation for the next bite. Well - you will simply HAVE to go there and enjoy new thrills of great food. For more information check here: http://www.saffron-cuisine.com/
3	When I'm lucky enough to work from home I sometimes meet one of my friends here for lunch since it's a neutral location for us.  When I first started coming to Saffron for the lunch buffet I thought it was mediocre at best.  At that time I thought everything was bland and just not that appetizing except maybe for the naan and I probably would have given Saffron 2 stars.  I've been back recently; twice within the last few weeks to be exact and the food is sooo much better now.  I don't know what changes have been made but I can definitely tell a difference because the Tikka Masala is so much richer and fuller now and there seemed to be a much bigger lunch crowd.  I hope they keep up the great work!The only down side is that they desperately need a fountain machine for refills instead of using 2-liter bottles.  I think it irritates them to pour too many refills or maybe my friend and I drink too much :).  My hope right now is that they keep up the great food at the buffet and don't revert back to the old receipes!
4	I ate lunch at Saffron on a Saturday, it wasn't very busy, just one other person.  The restaurant was quite nice, a white table cloth kind of place.  But for lunch it was pretty casual.  They have a very reasonable priced, &9.95, lunch buffet so I was able to try out quite a few dishes.  Everything I tried was very good.  They had about two types of rice, about 4 vegetable dishes plus about 4 chicken dishes on the buffet along with a little bit of salad, rice pudding, and carrot pudding, oh and of course naan.  Everything was hot and very well prepared.  I really don't know much about Indian cuisine, but I like art, I know what I like.  The chicken tikka masala was my favorite with the tandori chicken a close second.  The wait staff was very friendly and since it was very slow service was excellent.  If you like Indian cuisine then put Saffron on you list to visit.  If you are not quite sure or haven't tried Indian cuisine, then go for the lunch buffet so you can sample a little of everything.
3	Good cuisine, nice atmosphere, good service. Parking is a hassle.
4	I should preface this review by stating that I am not, generally speaking, a lover of buffets.  I usually find the food to be lukewarm and rubbery: that is, when I am not too disgusted by my fellow patrons' self-service habits to eat it.Nevertheless, I thoroughly enjoy Saffron.  The food is hot and frequently refreshed, the service is attentive and polite.  Best of all, at least in my opinion, is that the diners at Saffron are usually calm and restrained enough not to be thrusting their hands into trays or re-using plates in their frenetic efforts to feed themselves.  Lunchtime is just busy enough that you know the place is good, but slow enough that it's pleasant and quiet.I wholeheartedly recommend the chicken tikka masala and the tomato soup, both of which are delicious.  Honestly though, everything at the small-but-thoughtful buffet is good.  If you are having one of those days that require a dessert, the rice pudding is tasty as well.So let it be known that this buffet-hater has found a buffet he can enthusiastically endorse, even to his fellow buffet-haters.
2	I met four friends tonight at Saffron, we ordered lots of food and ate family style, it was fine, I wasn't in love, but I certainly didn't hate it.At the end of our meal, my friend went to pay, we were going to separate the check evenly three ways, since we used a Citypass coupon, saving a whopping $12 off of our $130 check, we could only use one credit card. I would have told them to take the coupon off and use these credit cards, but my friend had already paid the total.  Suck it Saffron.
4	I go to Saffron every few months. Its pretty good Indian. Apps: Skip the samosa and go for the pakoora or bhaji. The samosas are a bit doughy. The filling is tasty though. Mains: Chicken Tikka = tasty and not to be confused with Chicken Tikka Masala (what most people think of when they say Chicken Tikka). The Tikka Masala is also very good. The flavors are well balanced and I have had it both spicy and mild. Both are good and just a matter of personal tastes at the moment. Lamb Saag is good. Who can go wrong with spinach and lamb??? Ive had the mushrooms in spinach and they are full of flavor too. Tandoori-- ahh the mainstay of any Indain joint. Theirs is well spiced and not over cooked. Rice and Naan: The rice is spiked with bits of spices and very fragrant. The naan is soft and crisp at the same time. Try the garlic naan. Rice pudding: Oh yea baby. Cardamum, rice and cream/milk. Simple and deceptively good even if you thought like I did that Indian rice pudding is really runny. Then I tasted it and realized its supposed to be like that. I'll take one now and one to go. It is really easy to make at home too. My only complaint is that naan is sold a la cart. If you tend to go through it like I do (and most of the Indian population as well) it gets a bit pricey.
4	Palak paneer was fantastic.  Will definitely recommend to friends
4	Authentic Flavors at ok prices.  I have no complaints here.  Perfect location for a great meal and movie afterwards.  My only complaint about this place is that sometimes it may take a while for the staff to bring you your check....important if you are going to the movie afterwards and want to get there on time, LOL.
3	I eat there for lunch every other week (read... buffet) and have come to the conclusion that they are in a downward spiral.  The cost of the buffet is not cheap and the place is becoming less and less impressive.  The food is fine but the little things are becoming more apparent.  The entrees are getting to be more saucey than they were in the past (e.g. the meat and vegetables in the dishes are being reduced).  Entrees that should be thick and dense are much more watery.  More important, the buffet selections have been reduced to basic dishes that are repeated daily.  There was a time when one could find new and unique dishes nearly every day.In short I suspect that the economy is taking it toll on this one.
4	Coming through town on my way to a wedding, Saffron was a good choice for a lunch with two good friends. Their lunch buffet, which I've had before, was pretty great. The dishes change fairly regularly from what I've been told, but everything is pretty tasty save for the samosas, which are really greasy and pretty bland. I'm horrible with the names of Indian food - but the chicken masala was great, the "chef's special" rice, the spinach and potatoes dish plus a few others I couldn't hope to remember the names of. The naan is good too. For $9, this is a great lunch buffet.
3	Our family recently ate dinner at Saffron and we were very pleased. I am no expert on Indian cuisine, but hubby is quite well versed and he found the food to be spot on.  I enjoyed everything we ordered.  Very, very tasty.  Prices are a little steep for the portion size though.We received good service.  I did, however, notice several tables around us seemed to be having issues with service (not coming to the table quickly enough, issues with checks, etc.).  I felt lucky that we had no glitches.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte. :) And they have the world's best mango cheesecake.
3	For a Friday night date the place was a bit empty, a mixed crowd with families, to other dates, to a redneck in jean shorts. The food was all quite excellent with a great aroma hitting you right as you walk through the door. Getting some recommendations from the waiter was a bit awkward but you could tell they all knew their stuff. A lentil soup with a great presentation followed by some lamb dishes. You could adjust the spicy scale of the food so we cranked it up. Overall great food, in a location that did seem a bit odd, no reservation needed on around 7:30 on a Friday.
1	We checked out Saffron because we had a restaurant.com certificate & I'm always up for finding a new Indian restaurant to try. I was more put off by the service than the food. I asked for my food Indian hot & the waiter didn't believe I could handle the spiciness & made me eat their onion chutney in front of him to see how I'd react before he'd allow me to order.  Totally obnoxious.  In the end, my food came out mild anyways & it wasn't all that great.  I gave it a try, but the rude waiter & the boring food made my decision to never return.  I'll stick to Maharani, they don't question my desire for Indian hot curry!
2	After deciding to not watch a movie on our night out from the kids, my wife and I walked down to Saffron from the theater.  I should have followed my first instincts: as we walked in the door, we asked to see a menu so we could decide if we, in fact, wanted to eat here.  The server manning the door kept insisting that we "sit down" while we peruse the menu.After we did sit down, I realized I left the door to the car unlocked with valuables inside, and asked my wife to order my drink.  I walked to the theater, locked the car, and then back to the restaurant.  The drink order had still not been taken, even though there were only 3  tables (7 individuals), including us, in the whole place and 4 visible staff members.Eventually, I ordered a medium-spicy dish and my wife a mild one.  Her dish, cauliflower and potatoes, was spicier than mine and otherwise rather tasteless.  My dish, chickpeas and potatoes, had no heat whatsoever and tasted like curry and filler.After we ate, I asked for the drink menu.  After 10 minutes, no one had come back to take my drink order (there were SIX tables at this point), so we paid and left.The restaurant was nicely apportioned, and very quiet when we arrived.  However, shortly thereafter a family arrived with a small child who had a penchant for screaming.  The poor manners of this family aside, the exposed ceiling of the restaurant caused the noise to redouble, and my wife and I stopped even trying to converse.
5	First Time having Indian and it was awesome!  Im hooked now
4	Best Buffet at lunch. Eat there at least once a week.
2	Let me preface this by saying that as an Indian-American, from New Jersey of all places, I have relatively high standards for Indian cuisine. With that said, I would give Saffron's food a 3.5 rating. However, their dreadful service (note other reviews) brings that down to about a 2-star. It is amazing how lousy the service could be even while the restaurant is half-full. I would stick to buffet here, considering even asking for onions/jalapenos (a common complimentary add-on from Indian restaurants) would run you an extra $2-3 dollars. Furthermore, the portions are not quite right from the entrees, so buffet is best:Monday - Friday: $8.95 lunch buffetSaturday: $9.95 lunch buffetSunday: $12.95 lunch buffet (includes beverage)Ultimately, this place works if you are really craving Indian, but I have yet to find a consistently fantastic Indian spot in Charlotte. The search continues!!
5	This is one of those few Indian restaraunts that never seams to fail in all aspects. Their food is flawlessly perfect, the price is great, their service is prompt and everything looks clean and fresh. I HIGHLY recomend going for their Sunday Brunch.
3	I love Indian food. But I seem to managed to order the same thing everything I come to Saffron. It's the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Aloo Goobi and of course the nann bread. I usually tell them to do it non spicy because I can't handle spicy food at all. And I love it. I love how every time I order the food it taste as good as the last time. But I can't say the service is the same as the food. Their services is a hit or miss every time I come in there. Some time it would seem like I would sit there forever before they even notice us yet I come there so often, they knew actually what I will order. I also like their lunch buffet. If people are interested in trying Indian food. But their buffet is a good place to start. But don't expect great customer service.
2	Food is not so good , place is neat. There are some good dish though. I went on the pongal. There was sweet pongal on the menu- thoughtful . Papdi chat is good. Mango lasso was sour . The variety was not so gr8. Will not come again probably
2	What an experience, or lack thereof... I was invited to visit Saffron by one of my girlfriend's and thought it would be a great idea since I've never had Indian food. When we arrived,around 1pm or so, it was Very empty and quiet. They serve a lunch buffet which I thought would be a good idea since I would be able to try a few dishes. The food all tasted  the same.  Curry chicken wasn't spicy,  tiki marasala tasted like the curry and then there was tandoori CHICKEN!  When we first arrived, as soon as we sat down the server came and took our drink order. I asked for a sweet tea and the server failed to tell me they only serve non sweet. So I wasted  $2.45 on a drink I couldn't swallow and they didn't want to replace it to make me happy.
4	This place was really good! It was kind of quiet, which made a loud-ass obnoxious person like myself a little uncomfortable at first, but you adjust. The naan was always hot and good, the Kingfisher cold and crisp, and the Saffron Chicken Tikka Masala was incredibly good. I'm a relative novice when it comes to Indian food but this place hit the spot. I enjoyed that level of spice is super customized--we were literally asked choose our level from one to ten. Nominal spice ordering, cool! I'd love to come back and try some of the other things on their huge menu.
3	I enjoyed the food.  I must say I do agree with some of the earlier posts.  The staff is okay.  The worst thing is they added a 20% gratuity and then had the nerve to include a line for an additional tip when I paid with my credit card.  Not a fan of double dipping.
4	So yummy and affordable :) Great lunch!
3	I went to Saffron for the first time today and had the lunch buffet. The decor was nice and clean. The waiters were very attentive and didn't leave my glass empty and collected dirty dishes very quickly. I am vegan, so I can only comment on such items. They only had 3 dishes that were vegan friendly, a salad with dressing and samosas. They had more dishes containing meat than they did that were vegetarian. The best item they had was the samosas.On to the food. I love rich, spicy foods. In this regard, Saffron did not deliver. The food was mildly spiced and didn't have a lot of flavor. I'm not saying it was bad, it just was too mellow for my liking. However, on the plus side, I could tell that the vegetables were fresh, not frozen/canned. They were not mushy at all and perfectly cooked. They got the part about using fresh vegetables right - now if only they would tweak the spices to be more exciting.I only gave it 3 stars because of the lack of vegetarian/vegan selection, under enthusiastic spices and the upper price for a lunch buffet ($10). These are fixable problems, so I might give them another try if I see future reviews say they have improved. But for now, there are better, less expensive Indian buffets around.
5	Excellent service. The food is cooked to order for spice. All dishes--vegetarian, chicken, meat--are worth trying and quite tasty. Good place for dinner for two or entertaining friends and family.
5	I love Indian food. But I seem to managed to order the same thing everything I come to Saffron. It's the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Aloo Goobi and of course the nann bread. I usually tell them to do it non spicy because I can't handle spicy food at all. And I love it. I love how every time I order the food it taste as good as the last time. Their services have gotten way better since my previous review. I also like their lunch buffet. If people are interested in trying Indian food. Their buffet is a good place to start.
5	Love this place!  Been to both the lunch buffet and to dinner -- great food at both times, but the lunch buffet is the better monetary deal.  However, the ambiance at dinner is more romantic.
2	I've come here once w my family and twice w my company. The food is ok- edible but definitely catered to Americans. Not much flavor or spice. Place is clean though and in a good location. If I were footing the bill I'd be headed for some of the better Indian restaurants in charlotte.
3	I had dinner here and the food was good but the rice served with it was like birds food. When I asked for extra rice they charged us around $4 which was disappointing.  Little things like these matter to me so this place is out of my list.
3	We went for a Saturday afternoon lunch buffet, on a rainy day. Besides one table the place seemed deserted. The host seated us right away. We sampled only the vegetarian dishes and came out very disappointed. The pav bhaji was cold, so were the aloo chops which also seemed tasteless. There were three vegetable selections - Mushroom Mutter, Palak Paneer and a Cabbage based dish. The vegetable dishes seemed tasty but were not warm. It was as though the heating was switched off because there were no customers. The saving grace was the naan, which was warm and well done. I would probably come here again on a better summer day and hopefully the fare would me much more fresh and warm. For under $10 per head, I guess this was good.
3	I am not an Indian (American or Eastern) expert by an means, and I fully realize that my experience with the lunch buffet at Saffron may not be indicative of the quality of their food: It is simply to efficiently handle as many people as they can as quickly as they can, while allowing them to partake of a wide variety of offerings at the same time.That said, and while I have been known to visit a buffet or two in my time, this may not be the one to visit. The food on the buffet, while reasonably tasty, is typically served at varying temperatures. I do not know if this is a "feature" of Indian cuisine, or if the buffet table itself was broken, not being an expert, I just know that there seemed to be a difference in the temperature level of some foods.Also, while some buffets will provide good service - clearing plates, filling drinks, etc - Saffron is not one of them. The plates tend to stack up and the glasses empty quickly without being refilled. When someone makes it by, they are friendly enough, it's just that they seem understaffed - or busy doing other things.Since they are on the other side of town, I'm not sure that I'd make the trip often.
4	Food was delicious. I got the kahratan korma (spl?), very very good. Our party of 8 seemed to be very impressed with their individual dishes as well even though most of them were Indian N00bz
3	Staff was friendly, but portions were small at there price and they wouldn't give a refil of nan (pita bread) and that's a first.... Lunch buffet is the only way to go. IMHO.
5	I cannot believe I have not already written a review for this restaurant. It's seriously one of my favorite places to eat. We frequent the lunch buffet at least once every few weeks, more if we can! I have been there at night and I think Saffron is a whole different place in the evening.I consider everything they cook amazingly good, but their specialty, in my opinion, is the chicken tikka masala. It's usually on the buffet and I eat entirely too much of it every time I go. It's probably contributed to at least one dress size that I'm battling.In addition to kick-ass food, the service is impeccable. You take a single drink and someone is right there to refill your glass. Plates are whisked away quietly while you're at the buffet loading up again.Now, as a side note, which may or may not be important to you, the decor in the restaurant is truly lovely. At lunch you notice it and appreciate the delicate artwork and calm but spicy color scheme. But in the evening, this is a great place to take a date. With the colors and soft window dressings, this restaurant is elegant and understated, without being stuffy and expensive. The food is spicier at night, so be aware of that and order lots of lassi if you can't handle a little heat.
5	After 3 visits, this has become my favorite Indian buffet!!! I never eat alone, but today I craved this place so much, I made an exception. The chicken tikka masala is perfect for those of us who love Indian but can't handle too much heat. The naan is delicious even if it is a little burnt.Totally deserving of 5 HUGE stars!
3	Saffron is a perfectly fine Indian restaurant and would have gotten 4 stars from me, but a service hiccup near the end of our meal deserves some recognition.As many have mentioned, the lunch buffet is a good deal. They offer more selections that it appears when you first arrive in the restaurant, and for the price, you really have the chance to try some pretty good Indian food. I also ordered a couple of things off of the menu -- everything was tasty, and the staff nicely ensured that the spiciness of the food matched my preference. The restaurant itself isn't the fanciest, but it's clean, neat, and provides a fine atmosphere for lunch (which is when I would recommend going).The hiccup for which they lost a star came (as many hiccups do) with the bill. I had purchased the Living Social deal and had informed the first server of this when he came to our table for drink orders. Part-way through our meal, however, a different server began coming to our table, and she was apparently not informed of our coupon. When she brought the bill, we reminded her, she said something snotty like, "You're supposed to tell us when you come in, and no one ever does." I tried to explain that I had, but she cut me off, sighing, and walked away. The coupon was ultimately applied (it seemed like an easy fix not warranting her reaction, I might add), but I didn't appreciate being spoken to in that way and then not even allowed to explain that I wasn't at fault.In sum, it's a good lunch buffet, but nothing wonderful. Maybe I'll just stick with Copper.
5	Seriously, this place is AMAZING!  I have been here for both the lunch buffet and dinner, and this is some of the tastiest Indian food I've ever eaten.  It's not very close to home for me, but it's always worth the drive to come here.The lunch buffet is absolutely fantastic.  I don't think I've ever eaten at one that serves samosas on it, but this one does and they're great.  The chicken tikka masala, as others pointed out, totally steals the show on the buffet.  I am normally not a fan of the rice pudding, but theirs has the perfect texture and level of sweetness.At dinner time, this place is so intimate.  Now, I think the prices are a little higher than some of the other Indian places around, but the quality is just outstanding.  I love that they also offer dinner specials, as I don't think I've ever been to an Indian place that offers more than is on the menu.  The other night, I had a lamb shank curry that was just divine.  The meat was tender and flavorful, served right on the bone.  I was also very excited to see that they have saag here.  My partner ordered the chicken saag, and he repeatedly said it was the best he'd ever eaten.  Oh, and their rice is also wonderful, although at dinner time they just don't give you quite enough.The decor is very elegant here.  The colors on the wall complement the dark wooden tables and chairs.  The service has been top-notch every time I've gone.  Since the food tends to be spicy, the wait staff does a great job of ensuring everyone has plenty of water to drink.I am just sad this place is not closer to where I live.
1	Let me start by saying that I typically never give single star or 5 star so easily to any restaurant but Saffron really made it to my 1-star places. I was here for a business lunch and I am a professional cook in my other life so I "know" food. These guys seriously underestimate their "American" clientele and think whatever they will cook, we will eat...well, guess what, not with everyone..at least not with me.1. Stale: They store food for days..I can clearly see that the food is not freshly cooked. Probably if you go here every day, you will find out same curries day by day. I think the health dept need to make a surprise visit here.2. Service: really needs some big improvements..or shall I say, they choose who to serve and who not to. I think typically in Indian restaurants, the servers profiles you as soon as you enter into the door and they already decide what level of service they will give you.3. Pricey: These guys are flat out costly, period. For the money they charge, you do not see the quality at all..I hope owners of this restaurant read this and do something about it..In my opinion it is "safe" to avoid this one.J.
4	great lunch buffet at a great price.
4	I came here yesterday with a friend for the lunch buffet.  I'm not one to really care for buffets but I have been wanting to try an Indian one for awhile.  For about $9 I ate samosas, naan, a spinach & chickpea dish, aloo gobi, & vegetable biryani.  My stomach did feel weird the rest of the day but it may have been because I ate 3 huge plates of food! Definitely hit the spot for my Indian food craving.  Service was nice, although a bit slow on refilling water.  I will admit I probably drink way more water than normal people when I go out to eat.  I also ordered a chai tea & I guess it wasn't what I was used to because it tasted really watered down.  Our total bill for 2 lunch buffets & a chai tea came out to under $23 not including the tip but we left happy & stuffed.  Looking forward to my next visit!
4	Decent price and its a buffet!This is only my second different Indian restaurant I have been to. As far as selection of food and by price this is now my favorite. I am still discovering Indian cuisine and so far I really like it. Now for those of you that are familiar with Indian cuisine I will say that this is a buffet, so if you like spicy this is not the place for you. However if you want a nice lunch with a good selection at a good price then this place is wonderful. The lunch buffet Monday - Friday is only $8.95! I recommend here if your a beginner with Indian cuisine, for the price and selection of the buffet, and if your an expert on Indian cuisine and you you don't mind the mildness of the buffet.
4	I'm more of a 3 1/2 stars for this place but I rounded up because rounding down seemed unfair.  First of all the restaurant isn't laid out very well especially considering this place got PACKED for lunch on Friday, it's almost like you're eating family style with everyone in the restaurant you're that close lol.  The food was pretty good (it's buffet so don't expect more than buffet level food). I love that this place has samosas on the buffet and they had decent veg and non veg choices. They seemed to have the same number of offerings as other buffets so that was on par. I know that in buffets they temper the spice (heat ) of the dishes but this place really took that to extreme. Nothing had any kick to it. My co-worker was happy about that but considering I LOVE mine HOT I wasn't.  The temperature of the food however was banging hot and I was impressed with that aspect!! Overall I'll definitely give this place another try although I'd probably go a little earlier to avoid the crowds!!
4	Been here a couple of time for the lunch buffet and for dinner. Always satisfying food and very friendly staff. Most recently I had Lamb Shank Curry as my entree. The aroma's of the spices/dishes contributes substantially to the flavor and all around experience of your meal. The prices are reasonable, and I will return,
4	Yummy & Delicious! Great vegetarian options, Everything very flavorful and fresh! I love their roti's! Environment great for a date ;-)
4	Dinner: had Dosa and Baigan bartha. It was good. Lunch buffet: was also good.
1	Bad tasting food. I am an Indian and this place is real bad for Indian food. Spices don't gel well. And price is a bit high for quality.
5	Saffron is the best Indian cuisine we enjoy when in the Charlotte, NC area. Delicious, fresh... and hot lunch buffet will blow your Bombay mind! It is busy in here. Staff is courteous and quick to respond. No wonder it is a top rated Indian restaurant. Definitely will be back.
2	So I came here for lunch with a friend the other day and I have to say I was sorely disappointed!! The buffet was sad!! Seriously they had a tikka masala that looked like a random watery chicken curry. In fact all of their options were watery!! I'm not sure what happened as the first time I came it was a solid 3 1/2 stars now the only thing making me give it 2 stars is it was cheap and the samosas with tamarind sauce was good. The waitstaff seems really off as well. They didn't seem to want to be there that day. All in all I highly doubt I will ever come back, I came out of convenience and well totally wasn't worth it!! Watery curry and unidentifiable selections are a clear sign to stay away!!!
1	One of the worst lunch buffets I ever had. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't worth the money.
5	Saffron is my favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte. Some of the negative reviews listed involve the lunch buffet which I have not had. Had dinner there last night and loved it. The service is very good and just can't fault the food. Here's my summary: Cleanliness: Good Food: ExcellentService: GoodParking is a little challenging, but located a spot around the corner. No bigs. I'm very particular about service and food...thumbs up from me with 5 stars.
3	Saffron is very "so, so" for the price of the food I would rather go to Blue Taj or Copper since they are highly superior... If you get food to go be warned to get very little rice .....  There is better out there .....
4	If you are from india and like indian style spicy food, its good option to dine in. Dinner is pretty much close to indian style and taste than lunch buffet. Lunch buffet is average.If you are an indian and love spicy, go for 8 in spice scale. Non indians can go for 5-6 for the first time, and can try 7 next time. If you cannot have spicy, go for 5 or less.Menu is good and you get sufficient options if you like food sharing in group.
1	The food is fine. The only thing I wanted to point out is the behavior of the lady at the counter. She seems to be the owner (or the co-owner) and that seems to be getting to her head. My wife just wanted to switch to another table during the lunch buffet but one of the staff told us that all other tables are reserved (which is quite un-usual for a buffet, i mean it defeats the purpose of having a buffet). After 5 minutes, the lady at the counter came at our table and snapped as us - "We don't have any other tables except this one". I mean she should have been atleast sorry for not finding another table. Not sure if she was just having a bad day but that's not how you treat a customer. Thought of telling this to her face, but we have such experiences at previous visits as well and she doesn't seem to be apologetic at all. Let her off the door, the restaurant still got a chance.
5	We ordered carry out from this place and it only took about 20 minutes. The saffron chicken tikka masala and korma chicken were delicious. I asked for medium heat and it was still quite a bit spicy so I recommend mild if you don't like your food too hot. The spinach and cheese stuffed naan was excellent and one order is definitely enough for 2 people.
1	I used to be a huge fan of Saffron. However, they are obviously cutting corners on authenticity to save money. The lunch buffet is very watered down and disappointing. Dinner is better, but the people that work there almost seem annoyed by you and seem to just want to make money in the cheapest way possible. Sorry for the bad review, but there are much better Indian places to eat in Charlotte. P.S. don't drink the water... not even lime or lemon can help what is coming out of Saffron's faucets.
4	Very nice atmosphere for dinner! We had samosas for starters which were pretty nice. I feel that some samosas have a bit of a frozen and then flash-fried taste but these tasted pretty fresh and had plenty of filling. I had channa aloo masala (a chickpea and potato dish) and my husband had chicken tikka masala.  When you go for dinner you will be asked for your spice preference on a scale of 1-10. I chose 7 and was very pleased! I love spicy food and it was perfect for me. My husband chose 10 and loved his as well. Very friendly staff and a laid back atmosphere. Definitely will return especially with the Groupon!
5	Happened upon Saffron and was really impressed! The appetizer sampler and chutneys were spicy and delicious, the service was excellent, and  it was a perfect meal from start to finish.I had a spicy chicken biryani and my date chose  channa masala (vegan), and we were both raving. Finished up with a warm dessert that was like donut balls in a honey syrup.Neither of us live in Charlotte, but if we did, we'd be regulars. Wonderful dining experience!
4	This doesn't surpass the Indian restaurant I frequent in California but this qualifies as very tasty. I ordered the Tandoori chicken, mushroom matar, naan and chicken curry. The naan had a slightly different flavor than what I'm accustomed to but it was good.
4	I went to this restaurant on Saturday.we have ordered vegetable Manchuria,kadai paneer and tandoori roti,vegetables Manchuria was good but they have given only 5 manchurian balls which we feel bit less quantity but the taste is too good.kadai paneer was also good but bit spicy for us we have ordered 6 on spice scale might be 5 is enough for us.for indians who want more spicy they can go for 6 on spice scale.overall the visit is good and lastly we liked the ambience very much.
2	So I've had the lunch buffet here once; was alright. I thought the dal and chicken curry was very tasty. The rest was just OK. Based on it's potential my husband and I dined there last night & ordered a paneer tikka for appetizer & the special for the day-goat curry (which comes with rice). a) the paneer tikka quantity for $7 was a shocker. It was TINY and worse than that, the paneer was definitely old. It was hard and had rubbery corners. When we passed on the feedback to our server (point to note: very politely, making it known that we just wanted it cleared because the paneer tasted stale), he actually argued back saying the paneer was fresh. That felt rather inappropriate. The goat curry looked great but was almost tasteless. No salt, no spice :-( I was disappointed in all.
1	Pathetic place, poor service and attitude of the owner. Definitely a place which one can give a miss
3	I've been here a few times and the service has always been good, but the food is average.I've gone for lunch with coworkers who had never had Indian food before so the lunch buffet was a good option for them. The only item on the buffet that had any spice to it was the samosas which I thought was strange.I have also been here for dinner and I would say it is also an average experience.
4	I'm a vegetarian so of course Indian food is right up my alley. You'll find your classic curries and masalas, but Saffron really is a fantastic place to eat. My boyfriend and I have been there several times and I've told countless people about it.Great atmosphere, excellent food, nice staff--you can't go wrong.
2	I have never tried ala carte here yet but buffet is very ordinary if you are looking for authentic Indian taste. Kheer is the only thing that is worth a mention in buffet.  Decent ambience. Owner lady really needs to work on her attitude towards customers - very stuck-up and rude! Poor service!
5	If you hate delicious tikka masala and fresh garlic naan then you are correct on not eating here. Because this is a great display of Indian food. If your nervous to venture out and try new things, opt for the buffet. It's a great way to sample a new food! Place is nicely decorated and immaculate! Owners are present when you get there to greet you. They also have a regular dinner menu great for date night!
4	If you are looking for an exotic meal that will tantalize your taste bids, Saffron Indian cuisine will fulfill that desire.Sporting dishes and flavors from the best locations of India, there are so many dishes to choose from. But similar to a hidden gem, the best dishes are not listed on the menu.  Ask your server from dishes that are not on the menu and you will be pleasantly surprised.End the exquisite meal with a delightful authentic Indian Dessert with a cup of their chai tea and you will feel true satisfaction.Excellent food with matching service.
4	The food here is authentic and of the highest quality. If you like bread you must try Naan (stuffed with cheese or garlic/herbs or plain). It goes well with any dish.The ONLY reason I deducted a star is somewhat sterile atmosphere. Music is there the smells are there but it is just not enough making me forget that I am in Charlotte, NC. More authenticity please!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. The best Indian food on this side of the city!
4	Really enjoyed this as it was my introduction to Indian Food.  The lunch buffet was great and let us try all the different varieties.  Thanks for the treat.  We will be back!
4	I've eaten Indian food all over the world and this place rocks!  I compare this to curry places in the UK, China, San Fran, and Ithaca...very authentic cuisine.  They are very consistent on their spice level based on what you tell them.  They offer superb service and a well crafted menu.  Being a huge fan of Indian food I have found most do not live up to my expectations but this one nails it!They only negative is I wish they had a better wine and beer menu...but I don't mind saving a few bucks by not drinking.
4	We went here for dinner. The service was good. We ordered Tandoori Roti and Matar Paneer and it came with free rice serving. The panner tasted really good and fresh. The ambiance was great and so was the price. Great place. Highly recommended for people who love Indian cuisine.
5	My husband and I like this place and is our go to close to our house. The staff is very friendly. The samosas are awesome. Always fresh and hot. I get chicken tiki Marsala and always done with the right spice level I ask for. Always a ton of extra sauce for dipping naan!
1	Terrible food ever ! I myself an Asian and love to have indian food all the time, I checked out online and saffron indian restaurant came out, saw some reviews and decided to get some food. Well let me describe 1stI ordered one chicken biryani, one garlic naan and  one hot and sour chicken curry with plain rice. I normally don't notice the food when im super hungry, but today I didn't get any chance to say the food was good. 1st the garlic naan was so hard and thick.probably the cook was new or food was frozen, same was the biryani(fried rice with some pices chicken),And the HoT and sour chicken curry was SWEET. I never had that sweet curry before. Nothing was fresh at all.  wondering why  people are writing something good about it, very expensive comparing their food quality.Totally worthless !!!!!
1	This is my first review ever. But I have to write this. Went there for dinner. Found hard stone like black stuff in dal makhani. I had ordered daal for my kid. When I called the lady at the counter and told her, instead of saying sorry, she says thanks for letting her know and went straight into the kitchen with that stone. Service was pathetic, they won't come to the table after serving to check if we need water or other stuff. Never going back again.
4	I really enjoy the lunch buffet. There is a nice selection of food i can not pronounce or spell. The food has great flavor.  I tried to get pictures but they did not like that so something curry. Lunch parking is terrible and dinner time is not much better. Plan on the parking deck and walking.  Prices at lunch are fine but high at dinner compared to the portion size.
