1	1 star is more than this place deserves.  It's a complete joke in there. 9 21 year old girls on New Years, and we wanted a place that wasn't too expensive, but had an open bar.  Unfortunately, that was I-Bar. The reviews weren't bad and the description and video tour made it out to be an actual club in the Rio. We were with our best friends, in Vegas, at a club.  How bad could it be?  So, $140 later, we had tickets for New Years. Then we got there... and let me tell you...it was BAD. The 'club' is merely a raised platform bar in the middle of the casino.  It smelled like cigarettes and we were the youngest people there by 30 years.  There was no room to stand and we weren't allowed to sit down because we hadn't purchased a 'table' (why anyone would purchase a table there is beyond me). Then we found out other people had walked in for free. Cool.  The fact that they make this place out to be something is not, and charged us anything to get in, is what the real problem is.  Don't be fooled people...its a bar smack in the middle of a casino.  It ruined my New Years and i hope you never have to experience what I did at I-Bar.I do, however, suggest checking it out if you want a good laugh.  Just picture 9 hot 21 years old girls, decked out for New Years, in the bar and you'll guaranteed get a good chuckle.
4	Their Darkness cocktail is to die for! And even at $12, I think it's totally worth it. It is, hands down, the best tasting cocktail I've ever had. This is great place to sit down and spend a couple hours between whatever it is you do in Vegas. Their tables have the cool surfaces that let you watch Youtube videos all night, play pinball, spy  and chat with other tables (bet the shy guys are all over that,) and among other things you can mix and order cocktails from the interactive surface. Most bars in Vegas only offer video poker and TV, so this place is def top notch.
2	We came here because it looked awesome from an ad, and from the website.  We really wanted to check out the cool touchscreen tables, and play some games or whatever on them.  Only, it was wayyyy to crowded and there weren't that many of the tables free.  We figured we'd wait it out, so we sat around for a half hour or so, only no one was moving.  Only two or three of the tables were even using them, the rest just had drinks and jackets thrown over them.  Move over people if you aren't using it.Also, the drinks were bad.  My vodka-cranberry was decent, but whatever vodka they used was really bad quality.  My friends ordered long island iced teas, which were simply disgusting.  Way too much for a disgusting drink. The bar is a neat and really modern little section, but its plopped down in the middle of the casino.  It's too small to really enjoy.  It seemed they were filming a promo for the touch screen tables while we were there... on a Saturday night at nearly midnight.  Why do it so late when its crowded?Also, I didn't know you could access cameras through the touch screen application.  That's kind of creepy.
2	Cool concept if their software actually worked. The staff was friendly and the drinks were ok. Other than that it was a pretty boring spot. You can play a few games but the sensitivity of the touch screen must have got bad over time. The game that we were most looking forward to using was "Flirt" which is a program where you can actually interact with people at the other tables. The problem is, the different machines weren't communicating with each other and it was basically impossible. How lame is that. The one game that would probably help people communicate with one another in a bar environment wasn't even functioning. The only part of the program which worked was the spycam which gave you a blurry view of the other people at the other table, big freakin whoop.Apparently the staff knew about the problem, but didn't really seem to care or have any concerns about it. I thought they should be a little more concerned due to the fact that these games determine how busy the bar gets. Because to be quite honest, Rio is a pretty lame property. I think it's a bit outdated and has limited things to do. Oh well, if the flirt software works for you guys next time, let me know. I'd like to know how it is.
1	Awesome concept but delivered horribly. Not many of those interactive tables they advertise and most didn't even work. And once it worked it would freeze. Drinks were horribly mixed. Ordered a Long Island Ice Tea and it was disgusting. I do not reccomend going here. Ever.
4	Nice little bar right next to the Rio Sports Lounge.  Drink, watch the team you bet money on lose, not have enough money to cover the bet, try to explain to your girlfriend why you have to leave Nevada immediately, simple. Cool bartenders, too.
3	Every once in a while, your lingerie-clad waitress gets up on a podium and does a little go-go dance. How could it get any better than that? Well, okay there are ways, but I won't get into that.You have a 360-degree view of the casino floor which gives a center-stage pov of all the action and the bartenders do a little Tom Cruise action when pouring drinks. For the more creative imaginations, I should probably specify that means tossing bottles and such.Why only three-stars after that review? One word; price. Followed by three more words; watered-down drinks. The drinks are upwards of ten buck and they have no imagination and very little alcohol. Too bad, because it's a great bar to nurse a hangover while preparing for tomorrow's.
3	Great place to get a drink or two or three or....!  Very expensive so be sure to claim the deal where you buy one drink get another free on Facebook when you check in!!What can I say about the waitresses ;)  Very nicely dressed ;)
3	Located on the same floor as the casino. Its a pretty good place to just lounge around and just drink. Near here is evening call if you want a Fat Tuesday. The only downside is that you can't take your drinks away from here. You have to drink only here at the bar. You can't walk around the casino or to the pool :(
