4	A very welcoming group of parishioners ensured that I knew where to go and that I did not feel weird in their world.  I just came to get my praise on and to fellowship and hear God's Word.I am a huge fan of any church that will give me a Saturday evening option,  and trust me... I took advantage of that option.I filled out the visitor's card and got immediate calls and emails regarding upcoming events and how to get connected in this environment.  I even got a personal call from Pastor Roger Storms. I enjoy a contemporary service with newer praise and worship stylings and this 5 pm service on Saturdays has that.  If you like the more traditional service, there is one at 8am on Sundays.  And there are a few other services to cater to the needs of many. I have to say that I am impressed and even when this place is about 20 miles from me, I will return...and perhaps make this my new family...
3	We've been in the market looking for a church for the family to start attending. Chandler Christian seemed to be a nice offering since they are located fairly close to the house and have a decent size to offer something for each group (parents & children).  I've gotten some good reviews from a family that I know that attends.  I LOVE that they have a service on Saturday, as that is ALWAYS a plus for me.The sermon for today was an interesting one, and it seemed to be relevant and on topic for today.  The pastor took an updated slant to the story to make it a bit more relevant to today's time.  My husband was even laughing at the pastor's jokes.  My mother-in-law even commented on how she liked the music.  I did notice that the verses that they pulled up were not the verses that I remember.  I believe it's due to them using a different version.All of this being said, the service seemed to be a good one. The signage indicated that this was non-denomination; however, the service reminded me one Baptist services from childhood.
5	This place is a great place. The pastor is great!  This place feels very comfortable and the people are very friendly. A great place to worship!
5	My father introduced this church to me a few months ago, he met a group of the members at a nearby park that offers lunch meals and necessities for the homeless. I love the warm welcoming the church members give and absolutely enjoy the child care. My favorite worship center. Definitely feel the holy spirit during the services. God bless to all!
