4	This Starbucks is small, clean, and has interesting things for sale- iTunes music download cards, coffeepots, mugs of all kinds, CDs- your normal Starbucks experience. It's always been clean during my visits, and I've never seen it crowded.  They have outdoor tables, which are nice this time of the year (autumn).  Starbucks strives to make all of their stores equally enjoyable so you pretty much have the same experience in any of them.  The main complaint I read about small Starbucks stores is long lines in a tiny space during those gotta-have-coffee rush hours.   I avoid coming here during those times!
4	Fast, friendly service...I need to get in and get out with my coffee and this place does a great job...keep it up!
5	Best staff by far! They are always smiling and even know my drink order!
5	I like this Starbucks, a lot!  The service there has vastly improved there over the last 12 months.  The staff is friendly, knowledgable and they don't make you feel bad if you use a coupon (some of the other locations do!).  I love the gift selection they have too, and if they are out of something they will call other stores for you to find the item and then have the other store hold it for you.  Customer service, while a dying art at other retailers, is alive and well at this Starbucks location.
5	I love this place!!! I go here almost every morning and I am always greated with such nice staff and they always remember my order. They make my morning!!
4	Perfect for the morning java...just wish their pastry selection was more consistent...
5	There are three Starbucks here in the Valley that I go to on a regular basis and the service is consistent as is the product. This location is one of them. The staff is awesome, the manager, Terry (sorry if I spelled her name wrong!) is on the ball and and has a well trained, oiled team. I can not say enough great things about this Starbucks.
5	Great starbucks.
2	I must have gone to this Starbucks location on the wrong day because I did not have nearly the same experience like my fellow yelp reviewers below. I usually get an iced green tea latte. At first I was shocked at the abnormally fast service. I had just ordered my drink and they were already calling it at the end of the bar. When I picked up my drink it looked just like it tasted... horrible. They put the macha powder (green tea powder) on top of the drink and didn't even bother mixing it! I also regretted wearing white that day because  the power was all over the top of the lid and around the cup and got all over my shirt. I went to use the bathroom to clean my shirt off and there were no paper towels or toilet paper! Although I didn't have a great experience at this location I'm hoping that this was just an off day and will probably give them another shot. I did on the other hand enjoy studying there. There is a lot of seating, outlets for your computers and it is right across UNLV.
5	I love this place
3	As much as I love this place, the service has gone WAY down hill. There are several new baristas and very few of them have personalities. I don't expect them to know my name or even my drink but I do expect a hello or even a smile. Get back to the basics ladies.
4	There are hundreds of Starbucks' all over town but this particular one is my favorite. I have never had a problem there and the employees are very friendly! They have a comfortable seating area and a calm setting which is exactly what I like in the morning.
4	I live this Starbucks because its right around the corner, the staff remembers my name and my drink, and it's conveniently by chase bank.
3	Hit or miss on the friendliness of staff. I've had really awesome people there, And I've had people who didnt look or speak to me the whole time they were taking my drink order. Otherwise, this location really needs a drive through. Not much parking for location being in busy area.
4	Good coffee and nice staff!  A nice place to and have a cup of coffee after have a poor dinner at the Sushi place next store!
3	constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks.  I always get a simple ice coffee with hazelnut, however some days the coffee just doesn't taste right so I suggest don't go for ice just get a regular cup of coffee.
5	I was at this Starbucks a week ago for some coffee and some free wifi. The coffee was better than the Starbucks coffee at the Luxor. Plus it was cheaper. Haha. Now, the wifi is what got me to give this Starbucks a 5 star review. I live in Southern California and i go to Starbucks on the daily for coffee and to do homework on my laptop. I had my laptop with me on my trip to Vegas and decided to log on to this places wifi. This place gots the google wifi!No more att wifi that's slow and all. It's a matter of time for all Starbucks to have google providing the wifi but id like to note that this Starbucks has it and I had  experienced first hand to my delight.
4	I love this place this girls are very friendly. I stop by here before I go to caked next door to get the best cronuts in Vegas. After u grab ur coffee stop by and try these cronuts it's a winner.
4	Well they have 50% off frapps  till May 10th not bad for an after work treat only during the hours of 3 pm to 5pm. I would do it everyday, but I am watching my calorie count and sugar intake. so this is a real treat for me.
4	Great friendly service! Drinks tasted perfect!
4	Definitely a great team of people, they are always kind and friendly!
4	This is a Starbucks that has just the right shape to have plenty of people to hang out and relax.  Open, inviting.  The coffees are all the same, so this is all about the ambiance!a.  Some outdoor tables and they are in the shade in the late afternoon.  Unfortunately, these are non smoking tables yet smokers hang out on these which is not bad, except for the stale smell of the smoke.b.  Service is great and very friendly.I liked it although I was aiming for somewhere else. It was a good blend of location, timing, shade, cooler August weather.GK says if you are in the area, check it out.
1	So retardedly slow I had time to post this review. Three people working, 6 customers in line twenty minutes 3rd up
4	It's Starbucks, what is there really to say? Chain coffee company that everyone knows and loves (or hates, depending on your view).Located a block away from my house, this is my go-to location. Obviously it's crowded early in the morning for all the zombies who need their caffeine fix (myself included). The people who work there are MOSTLY friendly. I've seen some employees who have been complete snobs to people who don't know how to order correctly. The baristas are quick and efficient when pushing out drink orders. Thumbs up all around!P.S. How do people study here?! I would get so distracted by everything around me.
1	Shitty service. I went in to buy some coffee in prepackaged bags. Saw a sale price in red right on the package but at the register the girl would not honor. Are you freaking kidding me?!  WTF. False advertisement. Then they were out of bags and asked if I wanted to just put all my coffee just in my purse!?  Thanks for nothing Starbucks on Christmas Eve!!! Never again. They lost me at false advertisement.
5	How can you say anything bad about a starbucks? We should all know they're busy, and they take their time making our drinks. They're friendly enough and I enjoy them especially since they're across the street from me. One time my boyfriend bumped into a sign, and the sign fell to the floor and the associates just watched awkwardly and laughed, and we laughed, and picked the sign up and put it in place. They're funny normal baristas lol.
