5	They are very friendly and it is very easy to use.
5	This place is obviously fairly new and doesnt have the star reviews that it deserves. As a particularly picky parent to our Lil shitzu/maltese we have seen some less than impressive places. That being said, we were VERY impressed with the cleanliness of the facility, it was bright fresh and spotless, the EQUIPMENT wasnt the cold stainless steel wash tubs, they had matts and all the extras to have our Lil girl feeling as comfortable as she could(being that she hates baths), the PRODUCTS were top of the line and had her smelling fresh and clean till her next bath with a variety of options for those with sensitive skin or you prefer all natural, the STAFF was friendly knowledgable and attentive. I have to say we were TRULY IMPRESSED (which takes alot), and will continue to come back, the experience had us so impressed that we will bring her back to be groomed by the team in the salon......Definitely a 5 star experience.
5	I love this place and it owners. $12- $14 for a self wash- they supply everything but the dog. the groomer did my dogs anal glans for $5 while i washed the dog myself. place is clean and everybody that works there are fantastic. I could go on and on......go see for yourself.  Greta's Owner.
4	Does anyone know where the Groomers Kimmie & Byron might  have moved onto?
4	Wonderful experience when I took my 'boy' for a wash there last week.  The owners are wonderful.  Very helpful to me as I was self washing the dog. The place was spotless!  I will definitely taking Dexter back!
5	I love taking Angel here. Everybody here already knows him. Which I hope is a good thing. I will always take Angel here. They accepted Angel from the first time I walked in. And they do there best to schedule me in last last minute which great for me cause of school and work. They don't even mind that Angel isn't too good being groomed. Thank you!
5	Great place!! The owners were very friendly and helpful. Great price for self wash. I couldn't have been more pleased. I brought my larger dog because I can't bathe her at home like I do my small dog, but this place was so great, I'll be bringing both my dogs from now on! No more mess at home to clean up. :-)  Thank you for making it a great experience for me and my old dog.
3	I love the idea of self serve. It cheaper plus my Gabi doesn't need that much trimming anyway. The owners are very helpful and nice. But maybe they can add more soap to it cause it takes awhile awhile for that bubbly feel.
4	This place is awesome. Much cheaper than taking my dog to a groomer and also keeps my bathroom clean. Owners are very nice and helpful. I brought my own shampoo and conditioner, so I cannot comment on there's but each stations does have towels and a blow dryer which is very convenient.
5	I am new in town and I took my dog here for a wash!  This place was great! I loved it and will be going back!!!  The cost was reasonable, only $12- $14 for a self wash and they they supply everything but the dog!!!!  It made bathing my dog stress free!  Thank you!
5	Brought my "girlie girls" in for a spa day today, what a amazing experience! The owners are  wonderful people and  the location is perfect right in the center of town. Let's not forget Aly Gillmore she groomed Skye and Chloe into a beautiful show coat... Thank you everyone at A Happy Dog Wash, your the best!!
4	I found this place via Yelp. This is my first time at a self wash. I have gone to groomers in the past. I was very impressed! Very clean and bright. The two people there may have been the owners? The gentleman was very helpful explaining how to use the sinks and supplies. We recently moved to the area and our apartment only has a garden style tub, which is impossible for my older dog.My Sirius is older and heavy (about 110 lbs). He has some trouble walking and doesn't jump at all any more. That said, he was able to navigate the ramp into the tub fairly easily. Nice choices of shampoos, conditioners and scrubbers. Milo is smaller (around 60 lbs.) He had no trouble going up the ramp. While neither is ever happy about bath day, the water was nice and warm, the atmosphere is comfortable and the blow driers while a bit loud were very effective. There are several options for shampoos and conditioners, chamois cloths and towels, ramps for the bigger dogs and nice aprons for the pet parents. I think that what my boys liked best was that they sell Greenies there! Perfect ending to a nice bath. I will definitely be visiting on a regular basis. I am so glad that this place is close to home! Definitely recommend!
5	I have been the happy Mama to 3 different bulldogs. An English, a French, and an Olde English. The English and French were small enough to fit into the bath at home to bathe. However the Olde English was far too big to fit into our tub, so we decided to start going to a dog wash. This is the dog wash I've ever been to, and I can't imagine going anywhere else. The staff are so friendly with us humans and with the dogs as well. They show you exactly where everything is and explain the pricing for products used during grooming. We took advantage of the self dog wash which starts at just $12 and includes shampoo and shammies to dry off your fur kids!
5	My Lily hates nail trims but Groomer Aly is her friend and makes her feel comfortable during the process. The Self-Wash is amazing and I have never met owners before that actually care about their clients and not just getting paid. I just got a new pug Luna and plan to bring her in very soon for a Nail Trim and Bath! Thanks A Happy Dog Wash for being the BEST Grooming Service in town for our canine kids! :)
5	This was my first time here and not only did my dog Kaipo love it... So did I. The staff was so friendly and and very helpful. I really love the set up and I totally recommend this self dog wash to everyone.
5	We have now been having Spa days with Aly Gillmore at A Happy Dog Wash every 2 weeks for 5 months! (we first found Aly Gillmore at Shaggy Chic) The girls are so excited for spa day they pull me into the shop to tell everyone" Hi Were Here" they love this place so much and so do I!! Aly's skills are so advanced, I'm often asked if they are show dogs!!
4	The first time I went here to bring my dog for a wash, the lady was very helpful and walked me through and showed me what I needed. My dog is a chowchow and he sheds so much, and they didn't mind the fact that my dogs' fur was everywhere after drying him.The washing station was clean and well designed for washing but not so great for blow drying your dog. Your dog might have a tendency to hide in the corner. But that's just up to your dog, my dog just hates being washed so he tries hard to avoid it.
5	I am happy I took them to A happy dog wash I loved how my dogs look all fresh and clean hahah .. Plus there super friendly and nice  I will continue to both my dogs here and the price is really affordable. I really liked that it didn't take long either .
5	Skye and Chloe had spa day with Star today and what a wonderful groomer she is!! The girls are Coton de Tulear's a very difficult breed to groom and Star did a amazing job with them, even better the girls gave her hugs and kiss's before we left. to me, that speaks volumes and they are clean and beautiful!! DOUBLE BONUS...
5	I bring my dog (Border Collie) in frequently and I am never disappointed with the excellent service. I use both services offered - the self serve dog wash as well as getting my fur baby professionally groomed. Mallie is always warmly greeted and I know she is in good hands. Everyone there is wonderfully helpful and professional. They understand and appreciate the temperament of each breed of dog. I highly recommend this grooming salon!Thank you Kurt, Reagan and Star!!
5	I was impressed with the facility and thought the price was reasonable. $38 covered two self-washes (a 60 pound coonhound and a 70 pound coonhound) and a nail trim for one hound. The wash station was well designed, and shampoo, conditioner, rubber curry brushes, and ample towels were, thankfully, provided. My female didn't love the experience, but she went along with it, walking up the ramp and generally cooperating. My male had to be pushed up the ramp, but got through the washing without incident. He was miserable but not completely freaked out UNTIL I switched on the blow dryer. That did NOT go well. The second he heard the noise, he started thrashing wildly, trying to escape, despite being attached by a noose tethered to the washing station. Even though I turned off the dryer almost immediately (as fast as I could while fumbling over the switch), my boy remained out of control, reacting to dryer noises on the other side of the shop. Toweling him dry was a wrestling match. He was ready to throw himself out the front door the first chance he got. I am hoping we can wash our dogs here on a regular basis, but it remains to be seen if our male can ever be lured back in. He did like the biscuits at the reception desk, taking time out of his fit to snarf one down. I may try to limit future visits to quiet times when blow dryers aren't in use.
