5	Great selection of craft beers and even some craft beer cocktails.  37ish big screen tv's and gaming.  All the bartenders are cicerone server certified.
5	My favorite place to gamble on the strip.  Good selection of beer and drinks, and great for blackjack, craps, roulette while watching the game.  Love this place.
5	Been many times to Vegas and finally, I found a bar with A LOT of craft brews! Eat your heart out Yard House! This is a fresh new experience on the strip, and what separates them from the Yard House was not the beer, but the service! I came to the bar at the end of our first friendly waitress' shift.(She had a blonde streak in her hair but didn't catch her name) The next waitress to take care of me and my crew, Heather, was equally as friendly, yet another bar tender, Tim, seemed to just want to hang out and tell me and my friends the stories behind the beers we were drinking!  (Not in a creepy way, nor did he didn't ignore his own customers). I had a beer from Kenya, my girlfriend had one from Singapore, and my friend had one from Ireland we all never heard of. Tim sold, through his story, my friend the Irish beer. Service aside.. They have many beers from the states, as well from around the world. Currently, and as a fun hobby, I am making a beer top table, of the different beers I drink. Normally I receive awkward looks from bartenders on requesting the bottle top, but every bartender here embraced my request, and it seemed like they were actually having fun finding and looking for tops. The next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely come back to the Tag.
5	Best bar on the strip by far. The wait staff knows about every beer they sell (over 300!) and are super friendly. Will comp good beers if you play video poker, and even if you don't the prices are so low for the location. Love gambling in the quad too (small ish and clean). It is a must see in my opinion!
5	For now this place gets five stars and here's why.  BELGIAN BEER TAP TABLE FOR WORLD CUP FINAL WHERE GERMANY WINS!I could make a story/saga out of this but I won't.  Here are the essentials.  Great beer for $0.25/oz, umptysquat TVs, Argentine fans groaning all around, gambling within 10 paces, Germany wins.No food available at the bar, but they will let you bring in whatever you want.  Eventually they will realize their folly and have a menu on the table and an arrangement with one of the restaurants/breastaurants nearby.
5	Came here for World Cup Finals, Whoo-hoo!!  Great place!  Excellent beer selection -grab a table where there are self-serve beer taps.  Friendly staff, lots of TV's, close to gambling areas and restrooms.  No food served but they let you bring in your own.  Sit at the bar and you will find a hook for your purse AND charging station for all your electronic needs!!
4	By far the best selection of beers on the Strip. At last count some 300 or so craft brews are available and most for less than $7. Worth the stop for those craving something from home. I hear those video poker machines are a bit tight tough.
5	This place is awesome.  I was randomly walking from the Rio to the Venetian (long walk, I know) and midway I needed a beer.  Popped into the Quad and figured I'd find a random video poker bar to quench my thirst.  I figured I'd get a Blue Moon at best, so imagine my surprise when I discovered the Tag Bar.It's pretty new and not well publicized, so I didn't even know it existed.  Grabbed a La Fin du Monde from Montreal and enjoyed it.  Met my friend at the Venetian and came back for some more drinks.  I think we both won money playing video poker, but more importantly we did it while enjoying a variety of Belgian beers.  Awesome spot, can't wait to go back.
4	The waitress out in the Bears game for me so I could watch it while I sat right in front of a big screen at my own table.  The derive was courteous and I never once felt pressured to order multiple drinks to stay and enjoy it.  The game accidentally got changed at one point and they put it right back for me.  The Tag also had a huge selection of beers to choose from.  Great place to watch a game and enjoy a quality beer.
5	The only reason to go to The Quad is " The TAG Sports Bar"..this place rocks, great service at all hours. They have the most  amazing selection of beers including Stiegl  Radler..kinda a big deal in Austria. They have bartop gaming  & a lounge area with
3	Huge beer selection and a lot of TVs the only reason for 3 stars is the price of beers. I felt the price on some beers are way pricy
3	Went here to watch some Sunday football.  There are a lot of screens around.  The bar has a decent beer selection and the bartenders were friendly.  The food service was so-so and it's Vegas so I had to put up with a lot of cigarette smoke.  The bar had nice outlets to charge your phone while you're hanging out there.  It's was a good enough place to watch a game but I think there are nicer/funner places to watch games.
1	Went here with wife and some friends on 9/22 for the Bears game. My wife and I we near by so went early to get a good table and relax. Beer selection and waitress was great. Problem we had wad 20 minutes before kickoff some dumbass manager asked us to slide our table over to make room for another group.  We got there early for a reason, we moved a little bit. Turns out other group were a bunch of his buddys n jets fans. So when I cheeered for my Bears they got butt hurt n cried to the manager. He asked me to pace myself and then offered us free drinks. DUH. His buddies were all gone bye halftime. So after cashed out 100 drink tap n left. Within 15 minutes my credit card company contacted me about an attempted 550 charge from this place. Nice try dipshit. Credit company refused charge and this bar lost a customer who loves beer. All cause he wanted to b a bigshot for his boys who were drinkin redds apple ale. Nuff said
5	Love this place!  Best sports bar to watch games, especially for Sunday football!  Exceptional service by our server, Corrine.  All of the staff is over the top friendly and wanting everyone to have a great experience. Beer specials and food available from Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen & Bar, delivered to your table. There are a couple Tap tables and lots of TVs (how about 35). Not a bad seat in the house!
5	Great selection of beer (mostly bottled). Friendly staff, good atmosphere.  A hidden gem in the LV Quad complex that we stumbled across after eating at Guy Fieris restaurant. Interactive TV/game tables with apps, you can play trivia, checkers and watch TV. Also just recently had 6 Playstation 4 consoles installed, playing Madden at a bar is pretty cool!!! Definitely a laid back place to check out next time you are in Vegas.
4	Beer selection is excellent. Atmosphere is OK.Bartender was great at making recommendations! Nice stop at the Linq to foray into new beer territory or bring visitors who will hopefully be impressed with the selection! We were playing & were told any beer $9 or less is comped. Not too shabby!
5	I have to come here every trip I make. My wife and I have been coming since they opened. The staff is very friendly and will make sure you don't leave disappointed. Two bartenders that make this place what it is are Kaleo and Brad. They are both very knowledgable and outgoing. If your not sure what to choose just let them know and they will help you pick a beer thats up your alley.
3	Great place to watch the game.  Don't waste your money on a $20 Mac n cheese burger from Guy Fieri.  Just walk out the door next to the bar and take a left.  For $24 you can get two burgers and fries and bring them in to the bar.  Take out us allowed from anywhere.
2	I read some great reviews of this place and not being able to get a seat at some of the sports books at the larger casinos, the wife and I decided this would be the place to watch Sunday football and place bets.  It all started off so well but declined after the first round of NFL games.Our waitress Shane was awesome.  She made sure the TV in our area was on the game we wanted to watch and was prompt with drink orders and suggestions.  She was very friendly and helpful.  However, after the early games went off, things quickly got out of hand.First, the game of the week (Seahawks vs. Cowboys) was what 85% of the people were there to see.  Not only did they refuse to take 60 seconds to turn the channel, but by the time 1 of the 8 people in the area decided to do so (after many complaints) the game was already 12 minutes into the first quarter.  Then without any reasoning they changed all the TV's (38 total) to the Oakland/San Diego game and refused to change it back for another 5 minutes.After finally getting the game the majority of us were there to watch, the casino fire alarm went off for the entirety of the 2nd quarter and well into the 3rd.  We were told they had scheduled fire alarm maintenance.  Thanks!  Because what better time to test your system when your place is full of sports fans in a sports bar wanting to watch sports.The only saving grace was a pretty good beer selection and a really awesome waitress.  Otherwise the bartenders and the guys in suits (floor managers I guess) were all worthless stooges who probably aren't qualified enough to work in the better casinos.  If you have no options on Sunday to check out games this place will work in a pinch, but watching in your room is probably a much better experience.  Unless you're a sadist, I'd stay away from Tag.  It's low rent, run by clueless people, and not worth the effort to spend your money there.
1	Woah....not sure what is up with the high reviews here, but Yelp caught me with my pants down on this one.  It was a Thursday Night and we wanted to catch the Colts play.  I reviewed Yelp reviews and found this bar to have high reviews...so we took a cab down to The Quad.  I knew nearly right away when I saw the Quad that this might be a miss.  Trailer Park city much?  We get to the bar, and it is literally that.....a bar.....built into the casino like any bar at a casino.  Ugh.The selection of beers were huge...but at that price? holy crap.  Brainless on Peaches 22oz for $24?!?!?! Um, what? in what country?  Are these supposed to be Pesos?We left there after the 1st quarter and went to Lagassee Stadium.I suppose I can see people who are gambling coming here to drink while playing video poker and watch whatever is on TV....but man are there better options.
5	I had read several reviews about this place and my girlfriend and I woke up early on Saturday and made the drive with the intent to spend a few hours here as I watched football tracking my bets. Being from San Diego we love craft beer and I was blown away at the selection. Kaleo was the first bartender we met and he made us different drinks for over 2 hours. One of the best casino bar bartenders we've ever met. There was also a blond who was extremely nice to both of us but I can't remember her name. I will definitely stop into this place for video poker and beers every time I'm in vegas. The machines are clean which is a nice plus.
2	Not nice at all, cheeesy. They had a.channel for sound so loud that you could barely hold a conversation. The place looks dated as well as the clientele.  On the plus side, great selection of bottled beer.
5	Can't understand why this place isn't jammed 24/7.  First of all, Maggy the bartender is amazing -- friendly as all get out and knowledgeable about beer.  Secondly, any beer under $9 -- and there's about a gazillion of them that fall into that category -- are comped while you play video poker.  For a CET casino, that's hard to beat!
4	The $0.25/oz for the tap tables has become $0.65/oz.  We went from a real bargain to a real drag.
