1	I have to tell you that I love T.G. I. Fridays.  The food is great...especially their Jack Daniel's grilled selections.......but this location has the worst service of any food chain in the northwest valley.  I drive across to the Friday's at 59th Avenue and Bell so that I can have someone actually come see that I am there within 20 minutes, maybe take my order and refill my drink once or twice....
1	Glad I had a BOGO coupon, because this place sucks. I may slide in for happy hour at another time but there's better places for less at Westgate and Park West.  If you have to hit this chain, try 59th and Bell.Tips:- Correct usage of past-tense in "Steamed vegetables." How long ago they were steamed is the question.- When did fish have a casing? Mahi Mahi dog ftw!- No refills for drinks so make it last.
4	We have gone to this Friday's several times. It's adequate. The food is decent. The atmosphere is fun. The Irish Car Bombs are excellent. :) The service can be hit or miss, but apparently the managers are reading these Yelps cuz the service has gotten considerably better. What makes this restaurant stand out for us is Kara. The last couple times we've come to Fridays, we were served by Kara. She is a FANTASTIC server. She is friendly, professional, and gets our orders right no matter how many in our party. She doesn't forget things or make you feel like you are bothering her. She is GLAD to have you as a guest. I realize that might be what a server is SUPPOSED to do, but you guys know as well as I do that's not always the case, especially with chains. Just like with any chain, your service can be hit or miss, but give this Friday's a chance and you might just be surprised at the improvement.
3	See also the reviews listed under TGI Fridays for this location.
2	The only reason I give this place any stars is because of the bar and Sunday package. The restaurant is always empty when I visit. It's probably because of that old woman that roams around the place cackling at you while you eat.
2	I received a ton of gift cards to tgifridays... unfortunately, this is the location closest to me. The food @ this one has been mediocre and frequently incorrect. Even wrote in to their corporate office once and received a voucher for $8- pretty sad state if I don't even want to use it.Other locations have not inspired this feeling in me. Its like this one just doesn't care.
3	Heavy mixed drinks... just the way I like it.  (hmm... I'm seeing an alcohol theme to my reviews lately)Service was pretty good and friendly... I was hanging out in the bar with my sister... I haven't actually dined here.
1	Hands down the worst restaurant in Surprise. The only reason we came here tonight was to support a fundraiser for our school's PTA. TGI Fridays promises a 20% return for everyone who turns in a flyer to their server. That would be great if people weren't leaving left and right prior to being served! I personally watched 4 tables of our families get up and walk out after waiting at least 15-20 minutes just to have their order taken after being seated. That is simply outrageous and unacceptable. The same girl who forgot about seating us back in November tried to INSIST that my 8 month old baby sit in a booster seat because they can't put the high chairs out in the aisles. I told her I needed a high chair and to sit us at a table. She kept trying to seat us in a booth and told me again about the whole high chair in the aisle policy. I told her I don't care what your policy is, my 8 month old needs a high chair.....so we got seated at a table and she told me again no high chairs in the aisles. I don't know if she is just dense or what but given that she still has a job there after the crap job she did back in November leads me to believe she must have naked pictures of somebody to still be working there....or they just don't give a damn. Silently, I pushed a chair to her and took the high chair from her and seated the baby in it pulling it next to me so it was out of the aisle. She goes "ohhhhh...that's smart.". O-M-G.....I hung in there because it was for the school, but honestly, we should have left as well because we waited 15 minutes for our drink order to be taken after the saga with just being seated. Drinks came and we placed our order. We ordered the Chicken Quesadillas to start, lobster ravioli for my son and a club sandwich with a side salad for me. The side salad came out first which puzzled me and concerned me that the waitress forgot our appetizer. I said nothing though and about 10 minutes later, the quesadilla came out. It was overdone and had that burned taste to it though it wasn't burned in coloring. I think the quesadilla maker probably burned the quesadilla before they made mine and I got to taste the remnants. It was overly saucy to try to mask the burned flavor...though it wasn't a very good job. :( The side salad was 1/2 cup of lettuce with a couple of grape tomatoes and 4 croutons. My son said the lobster ravioli was not very good and it tasted more like imitation crab meat to me when he gave me a taste. It also didn't come with the bread stick that was advertised in the listing. *sigh* It's for the school though so we hung in there....and waited 25 minutes for our check. Literally. We watched people waiting to have drink orders taken, waiting for their checks, waiting for their food...and mostly a whole lot of waiting.  It wasn't just our server who was slow...the entire restaurant seemed to be in a time warp! It was un-freaking-believable. I asked to see the manager, and quite honestly, I'd still be waiting for him because he never came by my table. Waitress finally came back and said, "You don't want dessert, do you?" Wow......but we ordered dessert to go just so we could get the hell out of there and up our bill for the school's benefit. It was the very first time I've ever gotten a to-go cup of ice cream with the dessert but I digress. I doubt our school did very well in this fundraiser due to the horrendous service that everyone experienced. It was the hardest earned 20% I've ever given. Next time I'll just make a donation to the school rather than go through that disaster of a dinner again. This TGI-Friday's should be ashamed of themselves. They taut that they do these fundraisers right on their tables but they are no where near equipped or capable of benefiting these non-profits and schools. Shameful!
1	Believe it or not, our school actually made about $50 for our fundraiser and this store STILL HASN'T PAID OUT! Their manager gave us two expired certificates for a free meal to use as a raffle and now won't return our calls. ABSOLUTELY THE WORST!
1	We've been there a couple of times over the past year. Same result both times. Burger was over cooked and still somehow cold. Service was very slow. The experience was so bad, I complained on TGIF website and got an email from the manager saying they wanted to contact me so they could give me a coupon. I told them forget it, that I had zero interest in ever returning, even for free food. I completely agree with the other reviewers that say this is the worst place in Surprise. Perhaps the only restaurant in town that is totally off limits for us.
1	Yuck, yuck, yuck & yuck. Had a $50 gift card and went here with my sister and we were not impressed. Service was slow, despite being two of very few customers. Food was terrible- I could have bought better frozen food and cooked it in my oven. With so many great places to eat in Surprise, I am not sure how this location is still in business! Used the rest of my gift card with some friends in Chandler and had a totally different experience.
3	This review is just for drinks. The food sucks, but they have decent drink specials. Come to the bar after you've eaten somewhere else and watch the sun city crowd sing karaoke.
1	Never did pay us the money they owed us for our fundraiser and karma finally caught up with them. This location is CLOSED PERMANENTLY! good riddance to poor customer service and sub-par food.
2	Wow! Was going to write a thorough review and it was not a positive one, sad to say.  I guess they saw it coming; I drove by and see THE BUILDING HAD BEEN TORN DOWN at this location....(In Surprise, W. Bell Road)
