5	Quality authentic Tibetan food, and plenty of vegetarian options. The momos are fantastic! Although the fruit dessert is most likely delivered straight out of a can, it's very easy to overlook considering the overall experience.
4	This was the first Tibetan restaurant in Montreal, long before the more popular Shambala. It's on Ontario Street not far from Quartier Latin and Cegep de Vieux Montreal.While there usually is a stream of UQaM students here, the food is quite tasty, prices are low and the owner is a really nice guy. They even have a terrasse in the back open during the summer. Their steamed dumplings called Momos, are excellent and their cheese soup is probably the most amazing thing you can have on a cold winters day.I have to warn you on the butter tea. Real butter tea in Tibet is make with yak's milk, and while I'm not sure if they use the real thing here or not, or maybe substitute with buttermilk, it is definitely an acquired taste. It tastes salty, buttery and milky all at the same time. I personally now enjoy it but it's not for everyone.
2	On a warm Friday night I found myself with a group of friends wading through the crowd on St. Denis, we worked up an appetite but everything around us was packed, to make matters worse, one of the guys was a vegetarian.  I fired up Yelp for assistance and eventually we decided on Tibetan.  Chez Gatse sounded promising with a long history and a location just off the main strip. I called to see if we could get a table, turns out the place was dead, which was the first hint that something was amiss. The owner, who was very nice and who took my call, already had a table set for us in the rather large terrace out the back of the restaurant.The food was a big let down.  The bulk of the menu could be found in any of your average Chinese restaurants in Montreal.  I had one of the more Tibetan dishes "Lhasa Chicken" which was a chicken leg and thigh batter fried and then drenched in a brown gravy.  It was edible, but I wasn't impressed.  I was expecting something different but instead I got mediocre Canadian Chinese food. Their one saving grace is they have a liquor license and a nice terrace.  Regardless I can't see myself going back, the food was forgettable.
3	The food here is definitely unique. I enjoyed it, but I cannot comment on its authenticity. The butter tea is odd. I didn't dislike it, but I wouldn't drink it all the time. The momos were yummy, with the cheese one being my favorite. It was a little sweet. The beef ones were basically just like Chinese steamed dumplings. The service was good, and their menu is in both English and French. The server spoke both as well. They were friendly. I would eat here again.
