3	I've eaten at several Boston Markets but this is the one closest to me. In my opinion, it's far superior to most fast food but it's nothing special.   It is good if you're too tired make dinner and want something fast and tasty.  The people at the counter are always very nice and helpful.  The side salad is actually pretty good and has more variety than your typical lettuce/carrot combo.  The mac and cheese and the creamed spinach are really good if you're not watching calories.
3	Back when my hubby & I moved into our first apartment together, we would pick up Boston at least once a month. After a couple years of doing so we got pretty burnt out on it & stopped going for a while. Last week the hubs suddenly got a craving for it, so we hit up the drive thru for dinner. We got the family meal for three & chose the chicken with mac & cheese, red potatoes & corn for our sides. It also comes with 4 pieces of cornbread. We got some dessert as well, a cookie & a brownie. Their chicken is pretty good, better than KFC but not as good as El Pollo Loco. Their sides are pretty good as well but very fattening. The cornbread is yummy, my hubby is a big fan. I had the cookie which was sweet & a bit crunchy, hubs had the brownie which was rich & very soft. Total for the family meal & desserts was about $26. A bit pricey, but we both had dinner & I believe my hubby squeezed two lunches out of it as well. I'm sure we'll be back eventually!
4	Been awhile since I've ate here but got a craving and stopped in.The wait staff was prompt, courteous and looked like they genuinely enjoyed working there.  I was in and out in well less than 10 minutes.The food, ordered to go, was really good.  We had the 3 person chicken dinner with sides of stuffing, corn, and red potatoes.  The meal comes with corn bread as well.  Total with tax came to 23.28.    Chicken was tender and tasted very fresh.  In fact it all tasted really good.  Obviously it is a well run restaurant for it's class.
5	I enjoyed my meal here. Very nice and friendly staff, courteous manager that was very attentive to the customers and his staff, and clean dining room. Lastly, we went at an off time (not during main meal hrs; 3 pm) and the food was fresh and not crusted like most others look like when they sit for awhile. Liked much.
3	We have been to this location a few times while shopping in the area and the food and service is always good. A couple of times there has been a bit of a line, but they move through them pretty quickly and are still friendly in the process.  The food is what you would expect from a typical Boston Market location - which isn't a bad thing, consistency is a good thing when you have a feel for what you are wanting to eat.We have also used their locations for pre-packaged, re-heatable side dishes for holiday and such, which has always worked out well.Overall: B+Not a bad stop off for some instant food service with standard comfort dishes!
2	Ordered at drive through.  1/4 Rack of Ribs NOTE: Was up sold to the 1/2 rack [Wish I had stayed with my plan for a 1/4 chicken] New Garlic PotatoesMac & CheeseChoc Cake SliceLarge Coke ZeroUpon arriving home, picked up my drink, squeezed the plastic cup a bit to maintain grip of a large drink and the plastic cup split about half way down about an inch long. Soaked the interior of my truck, and my iPhone.Okay stuff happens, but then the food!  First time having the ribs.  Just awful flavor of the sauce, and the rib meat was just "off". Not sure how to explain it other than, your expecting pork ribs, but got beef maybe?  Not sure what these were. The new potatoes. Were a bit crunchy like they were under cooked. The plastic fork broke off in the first one. The bottom layer of the cake was dried out, and not moist like the rest of the cake. How old was this piece? The only thing good was the mac and cheese, and the corn bread.   I would have expected a lot more for $18.83 of for a single meal.  I tossed it out without eating most of it. Boston Market is usually decent, but your way off your game today. Not a fan of your new menu items at all.  Please stick to what your good at, chicken.Follow up note: I did call the restaurant the evening this happened just to advise them about the cup issue. This was before I tried eating the food so they were unaware of the other issues. Couple days later I did get a call from corporate regarding the drink, and they were only concerned if I was making a claim against BM for the damages. I said no, I cleaned it up myself, I was only making a comment as they might have an issue with their cups.  But I did take a moment to comment about the meal, and was advised I'd get a follow up call.   That was several days ago.  Don't bother, I've already made up my mind about my future purchases with BM. They will be limited.
5	Amazing staff, really nice people. Good service and yummy foods!!! Had the pot pie, it was great. So many sides.
4	Always a savior on the holidays! Also, be sure to ask for the puppy treats if you have your dog in the car with you when you go through the drive-thru, since they'll sometimes have little dog biscuits for them!
1	I was very dissatisfied with our service at the drive thru. "Izzy" the girl that helped us was very rude and changed the size of our meal from large to regular, unfortunately we didn't notice until we got home. I will not be going back to this location.
4	Great convenient location next to my work. Good food when u want fast but don't want to hate yourself with fast food. Friendly staff,clean and quiet. Noting special but always tasty and predictable.
