1	Unacceptable.Because of their service, some of our friends had to REORDER our baby shower gifts that were somehow lost or returned to vendors. Do you know how bad that makes us feel??What's equally infuriating is that the customer service lady claimed that a delivery attempt had been made that morning. Hello, I was home ALL morning and no one showed up?!  Then she went on to assert that the driver could not locate our address. That makes no sense; we have been receiving numerous packages from UPS and Fedex all this while.SUM: Go with FEDEX...though unfortunately when ordering from certain vendors (e.g., Amazon, as in Dan C and my experience), you don't get to specify the carrier...
3	Very shady service. Kept track of the package and then it finally showed delivered. I was at home and heard the foot steps of the delivery person but didn't hear a door bell. I went outside in 5 minutes and didn't see the package. Searched all over the front yard to make sure that it wasn't there. I then called customer service and told the lady that I can't find the package that was supposedly delivered. She was helpful and said that the driver would come back. 10 minutes after the call the driver comes back and I hear the foot steps and the package magically appears. It wasn't in the grass since the box would have had water marks. I'm skeptical of how they do business down here. Shows delivered but item is no where to be found, call them and then it shows up. Would be 2 stars but the customer service rep was helpful and the package arrived on time. This was for an Amazon Prime order
1	negative stars abound.I receive an ontrac delivery note on my mailbox.  1st attempt delivery.  I called them to change the address so my order ships to my office.  The woman took down the new address and told me i needed to call amazon and authorize the address change.  i get off the phone with her, i call amazon, i explain the need to change the address and they conference call in a representative from ontrac who confirmed that the new address and that they would deliver to my office and not my home.  I do not receive the package the next day.  I come home to find a second delivery attempt notice on my mailbox from ontrac.  After specifically asking and confirming the new address this second delivery attempt seems ridiculous. It also seems ridiculous that their pick up location is in SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO nowhere near public transportation.I'm ready to have them return my order to Amazon so I can have it delivered via UPS.
1	Absolutely awful.Amazon recently started using OnTrac in the Bay Area, CA, and now all of my Prime packages arrive late.  Absolutely terrible.  Overnight packages sometimes arrive a week late, and none of the vehicles are marked whatsoever-- it's just some random dude who hops out of his Toyota with your (late) package.  Awesome!
1	I recently was sent a package from amazon using my Prime membership.  They sent it via ontrac...hmm never heard of them they must be a local delivery company(I'm new to the area).  Tracking said the package was delivered, but I never found anything.  The driver was supposed to come back to my apartment to make sure he got the right place.It's been two days now, no word from the driver, the dispatch just tells me he'll be there tomorrow.  Long story short, I'm pretty sure these guys are stealing packages, so if you have anything important to ship or buy, be sure to shop somewhere that doesn't use this company
1	Horrible service.Was having internet installed on a Sunday, so ordered a wireless modem/router through Amazon and scheduled it so it would be delivered to my work by Friday, before the installers came.All the online tracking info said it would arrive by Friday.  Come 3 PM Friday, still wasn't there, and was heading out of work early, but figured it would come at some point after I left, and that I'd come in Saturday morning to pick it up.I check online later, and it says that they attempted delivery at 4:30 PM, but that the office was closed, so they weren't able to deliver.  But my office building doesn't close until 5 PM (I even checked on Monday to make sure they hadn't closed the office/building early, and they hadn't... there were still at least 4 or 5 people there far past 5 PM).So I call OnTrac to see if I can pick up the package at their San Francisco location on Saturday.  The woman says she'll have to call their San Francisco center and check, and she'll get back to me.  She calls back to say she tried, but there was no answer, so she guesses there's nobody there, and if they were there, they probably left by 10 AM... so I can't pick it up.So we have to reschedule the internet install for later in the week and I tell them to go ahead and deliver the package on Monday, but MAKE SURE THEY GET THERE BEFORE 5 PM.Come 4 PM on Monday, still no package.  So I call, and say the package HAS to be there before we close at 5 PM.  I get connected to the person that handles their Amazon orders, who calls the delivery person's manager and the delivery person on his cell, and finally at 4:55 PM the package arrives.Don't they know that most downtown offices usually operate on a 9-5 schedule?Based on my experience, and the other reviews, it baffles me that this company is still in business, and that Amazon, a fairly reputable online retailer, does business with them.  In the future, I'll be sure to use UPS, USPS or FedEx, even if I have to pay more.
1	Wow, this company is new, and first impressions are big.  Bought some important materials through Amazon Prime and requested that they get overnighted.  Amazon shipped through Ontrac.  Tracking says that the package was delivered.  No package has arrived.  Attempted to phone Ontrac, but there is no weekend support.  If you need something in a pinch DO NOT RELY ON THIS COMPANY.  UPS, FEDEX, USPS are much more reliable solutions, and do not BS you with tracking results.I do not mind the late package as much as I hate being lied to by the company.  I was in the office all day and my office is right next to the front door.  UPS came, USPS came, FEDEX came, but no Ontrac.  This company needs to get its stuff together.
1	OnTrac appears to have no scruples at all. My daughter and I were nearly hit by one of its drivers. The driver was speeding in a reckless manner. I yelled for him to slow down and he just sped up, yelling something that was undiscernable. We walked towards where he was delivering something. He saw us and made a very fast U-turn and accelrated past us. I motioned for him to stop and he accelerated and was yelling something undiscernable again. I called OnTrac only to be rebuffed by two separate customer service representatives. I requested escalation but the reps would not allow me to speak with someone in authority despite my many request. One allowed me to provide a statement, promising me that I would be copied on an e-mail sent to corporate and regional entities. It never happened. The other rep. said someone would call back. Over 4 hours later a regional manager called. The basic response was that the drivers are independent contractors and couldn't be held accountable. Incredible that I felt as though OnTrac is ok with their independent contractors, talking on cell phone as they drive recklessly, ignoring a citizens request that they slow down and stop, and dismissing a customer's request concerning their behavior. I, for one, will not do business with OnTrac and I will advise everyone I know not to do business with them. I spoke to law enforcement about the issue and was informed that since their was no injury their is nothing I could do. As so many in this discussion have shared, OnTrac just doesn't care.
1	I've been using Amazon Prime for several years. I get a lot of packages and most of them come via UPS. I'm usually home and I know the regular UPS guy and pretty much anyone else that ever fills in for him. They are very dependable. FedEx is great as well.So the other day I was expecting two packages, one that I had ordered and one that my bf (also an amazon prime member) had ordered for me separately. I was anxiously awaiting them, and by the end of the day they were expected to arrive neither of them had shown up, so I checked their status on the Amazon website. According to the tracking info, they had both already been delivered via OnTrac, which I'd never heard of. I checked outside my door...nothing there.Sooo...I called Amazon and spent a while on the phone with them with the end result that they asked me to call back in several days after giving OnTrac a chance to "find" the packages. Several days later, I was back on the phone with Amazon and they finally shipped out replacements. In the meantime, OnTrac DID come by and leave a delivery notice tag on my door - blank, as if to say "we were here, but we have nothing to say to you."Since then, most of my packages have been coming via OnTrac, and no more have gone missing. They do arrive about five hours later than packages delivered via UPS, which is quite annoying and often is effectively like receiving it a day later (because I often leave around 7pm, so I have no time to deal with whatever has arrived.) Also, when they deliver a package they don't knock or ring my doorbell, they just throw the package against the door (that sound is often what alerts me that I have a package) and run away.I like the idea of a regional delivery service, so my packages don't have to go to some "central" distribution center on the other side of the country before they get to me, but UGHGHGHGH please Amazon can't I have my UPS back? I would even take DHL over this.
1	Too bad you can't give negative stars. Agree with others that this company is awful and is verrrrry shady. My order from Amazon showed "out for delivery" on their website for two days before I contacted their customer service via email. Miraculously, as soon as the c/s rep emailed me back the tracking showed that the package had been delivered to my front door two days prior a full ten minutes after the package had been shown "out for delivery". Last time I checked, there wasn't a package distribution hub ten minutes from my house, so I find that hard to believe and it's also shady that it showed up on the tracking system as "delivered" two days after it was supposedly dropped off.
1	Ugh! If I could give these bastards negative stars, I would.This is the second time we've ordered from Amazon and had packages delivered by On Trac. We have an Amazon Prime account which guarantees 2-day deliveries. These bastards always claim to have attempted delivery at the end of the day on the 2nd day, which is FALSE. Therefore our packages arrive 3 or 4 days later. In this case, our package was scheduled for delivery on Friday. Friday, no package. We tracked the package Saturday morning to see that they "attempted" delivery. And now they won't attempt to deliver it again until the next business day- Monday. So in this case, that 2-day delivery will be more like 5 days.There will be one very disappointed 2 year old birthday boy tomorrow. Actually, he probably won't even notice- but I will. :(
1	I've been very unhappy with the way this company has performed with deliveries in San Francisco. I had a package being delivered through amazon's Prime service, which apparently contracts with Ontrac for their SF deliveries. We had a package that was shown as "Delivery attempted" yesterday, which is a complete lie. Somebody was home all day long, and the front door is connected to a phone line. No record of any calls were on he phone at the time of day they supposedly "attempted delivery". No notice was left on the door to let us know the delivery was attempted or that the package was available for pickup. Thanks to Ontrac a 2 year old boy will be missing a present at his birthday party. I hope Amazon terminates their contract with this miserable company.
1	OnTrac - Please do me a favor and stop delivery services in San Jose South.  I dread it every time I see my Amazon order is shipping via OnTrac.  I can easily say that at least 50% of my orders have missed their delivery dates, sometimes by several days.  I could understand my package being late if there was some natural disaster occurring or a freak shipping mishap, but I live in San Jose, a city that averages 330 sunny days a year.  Whenever my deliveries have been missed, they have been on the truck for delivery in my local area.  I've called customer service on two occasions, been assured the package was on the truck coming to my house that day, only to be disappointed later when it never shows up.  I then called customer service back to see what happened and both times was told that their drivers had marked the missed delivery as me not being home.  I find this very confusing, especially since on both of these occasions I had taken the day off of work to wait for my packages (I was home for the ENTIRE day!).Lazy OnTrac delivery staff and inefficient customer service/management equals a horrible delivery company.  They've got one job to do: deliver packages.  If they cannot do that, then they should find a different line of work.
1	I concur with the previous reviews. Every time (thrice) that Amazon shipped the package via Ontrac, the delivery was delayed. And surprise, they have attempted delivery each of the time when there was someone at home. No notes pasted about the delivery, no messages left at the leasing office! How do they survive, but that exactly may be the answer!!
1	Out of the blue, yesterday I get a USPS letter from "OnTrac" of Phoenix.  This letter informs me that my "Signature on File record with OnTrac" has expired and drivers can no longer leave packages at my door without my signature.I've never heard of this company.  Reading the reviews below, evidently Amazon uses them for delivery, and I have bought items at Amazon.  Did they deliver a package at some time in the past?  I don't know.  Did I ever previously authorize them to keep my signature on record?  NO.  Do I want them to have my signature on file?  Absolutely not.Amazon choses them to deliver, Amazon is responsible for their actions - such as providing them my name, address, etc.  Perhaps a good reason to avoid Amazon as well?Not even a SASE in the OnTrac mailing - I'm supposed to send them their info at my expense.Not gonna do that.
1	I have never had good luck with this company.  Though deliveries occasionally show up, they frequently lie about the status of shipments.  More than once they have claimed to have attempted delivery when someone was at home (and they left no tag at the door.)  They have also claimed to not be able to find addresses in San Francisco.  (GPS?  Any number of online map services? Ask someone on the street?)  I also suspect that the 5-star review is an inside job.  This company needs to be put out of business.
1	God I love getting stuff in the mail, it's like Christmas, isn't it?  Especially when it's something good.  Belgian milk chocolate truffles, a shiny Luger, a diamond necklace, XXXL vibrators...who knows what could be in that box??  Well, I know what was in the box, but I'm not telling.  Anyway, so there I was, desperately awaiting my package from Amazon.  I was perched in an extremely comfortable armchair, waiting for the sweet sweet sound of the leaves crunching under the feet of the mail carrier guy walking to my door, carrying my package.  Except the sound never came.  And neither did my vi....err, package.  At some point that evening I started becoming seriously irritated over the case of the Mysteriously Never-Delivered Package.  It seemed really odd that the FedEx guy wouldn't have shown up when I'd paid for 2 day shipping.  That's when I discovered according to the tracking, my order was actually shipped via ONTRAC, aka the shadiest package delivering service in existence. According to OnTrac, my package was delivered around 1:00pm.  Now since I'm not deaf and I was home at the time it was supposedly delivered, it stretches my credulity to believe that I could have somehow missed someone knocking on the fucking door.  The door like 10 feet away from that oh-so-comfortable armchair.  Not only did no one knock, but there wasn't even a NOTE left saying they'd been by.  The bottom line is, it's their responsibility to make sure a package reaches its destination.  They failed.  This company really needs to look into their internal policies and their employees. Whatever the problem is, it's some seriously shady shit going on.  I for one will not be waiting to find out if their services improve, because I'm canceling my Amazon Prime membership.  I'm not willing to deal with the headache their shoddy services caused a second time.  Once was quite enough.
5	Gadz, look at all these awful reviews for OnTrac!  Here's how they were for me:*  Night before last, I ordered a new video card from Amazon, taking advantage of their free "5 to 9 day" shipping.*  Yesterday at 4:16 PM OnTrac picked it up from Amazon.*  Today at 2:50 PM a uniformed OnTrac driver knocked & handed my my package in perfect condition.*  Length of time OnTrac took to make a proper pickup & delivery:  10 Hrs. 34 Min.  AMAZING!!Sorry, I can't see any room for improvement here!     :-))
1	I spent close to $18 to have my package shipped to me next day from Amazon.com.  If I'd known that I wouldn't get it until MONDAY, I would have gone with a much, much cheaper option.  I only forked over the extra money because I wanted to have my firewire cable over the weekend and begin editing some footage together.Oh, well, that's not going to happen.  Seriously, stick with UPS or even the U.S. Postal Service.  This is the most expensive delivery option I've ever chosen to have come to me four days after I ordered it.
1	I wish I could give them negative stars!So I got my boyfriend a gift from amazon and really wanted him to have it by thanksgiving. So I decided to pay the extra 12 dollars for shipping (instead of the free 5-9 day shipping). I ordered it on a Sunday and you can imagine how excited I was when I got an email confirmation on Monday saying that it had been delivered to my apartment! I live in Concord and I don't get off until 5 and My boyfriend doesn't get off until 7 .  . . it was also raining heavily this past Monday. So when I got home you can imagine how disappointed I was to find no note on my door but NO PACKAGE!!! I checked with my office manager to see if someone had dropped the package off but NO, NO ONE DID. I call OnTrac the next morning to get to the bottom of this. I mean, maybe their was some mix up? The representative (Daniel) told me my package had been delivered  and told me to check with my neighbors to see if they had it. The delivery guy said he left the package IN FRONT OF MY APARTMENT DOOR IN AN OPEN WALKWAY IN AN OPEN COMPLEX WHILE IT WAS RAINING. Management's office is litterary right across the road from my unit. Is this delivery guy an idiot?! Why would you knock (assuming he did at all) and if no one is home leave a package in an unsecure and open location where it is free to be taken?!  Also, why would he leave no note on the door? Why didn't he call my cell phone, which they have on file!?!?All the rep could tell me was it's sad that people steal things and that they will send the delivery guy back to find where he put it. IS HE A DETECTIVE? Is he going to knock on doors or dust for finger prints because I'm pretty sure if it's not on my walkway then someone stole it.So right now I am out 140 dollars until they process my claim and that's if they do. If Amazon keeps using OnTrac; I will stop using amazon!!!You think they would hire employees with brains or some ethics.
1	Without a doubt, I would give OnTrac 0 stars if I could. I specifically selected 2 day shipping on Amazon so I would receive a crucial package on time and expected it to be promptly delivered by the specified date. I did not receive it on the specified date and had to call customer service 3 times until I found out that it would not be delivered. I was told a facility supervisor would contact me and I received no such contact. I had to contact OnTrac again the next day and they told me they were still working on tracking down where my package was and they said they would call me back soon. After a long wait, I had to call them back myself and learned that the package was lost. I was then told that I had to personally call Amazon and waste my own time sorting out this issue. OnTrac has proved to be an unreliable company. I specifically selected two day shipping and paid extra for it knowing that the package would be delivered on time. However, my package was shipped with a shoddy service and Amazon had to overnight me a new one 2 days later using UPS. It was vital that I received my package on the original date and OnTrac has caused a huge load of trouble by not sending me the package on time and I hope that any future Amazon order will not be shipped with OnTrac ever again. Clearly, my package was not on track.
1	This company is AWFUL. If I could give no stars, I would. I ordered something with Amazon.com, and my package was supposed to be delivered on the 5th. When I checked online on the 7th, wondering where the heck my package was, it said that there was an incorrect address and they had tried to redeliver twice? First of all, I'm home all day. Nobody tried to deliver anything in those two days. I called the company and asked where my package was. It is now the weekend and my package contains supplies that I need to run my home business. When I spoke to their customer service, I was informed that the driver could not find my house, and now I would have to wait until Monday to receive my package...assuming that the driver could find my house. They also said that there was no attempt to deliver on the 6th or the 7th, which means that my package sat on a truck for two days! Unacceptable!The worst part about this call to their customer service was the admission that their drivers DO NOT use GPS, nor do they have COMPANY PHONES to call customers in case of a problem. HORRIBLE company. I will NEVER ever use them, and I'm making a point to tell everybody how horrible they are. I'm also currently on the phone with Amazon to let them know about this situation. Perhaps if they get enough complaints, they'll discontinue using this shipping service.
1	awful. period.Two of my recent Amazon Prime orders shipped via OnTrac.The first package got to my area in a day and a half, which is pretty fast. But from there two days in a row, the driver could not find my place.For the record, my place is straight forward to find. The only reason I can think of that the driver could not find my place = there is an identically named street in the adjacent city. The tracking record keep referring to that town, so I think they must have told the driver wrong city.... but still, they can't even afford to equip the truck with a GPS in this day and age!?!? c'mon....Finally I was fed up waiting so called up the customer service. The rep was unprofessional. Even had a bit of attitude to his tone. Finally fed up, I told him to put it on hold at the location for pick up.So much for Amazon Prime; 4 days wait and I have to pick it up myself.
1	If I could give no stars that would be more accurate.  These guys are horrible liars.  No the addiess is not wrong, no you didn't even try to find the house, no it can't possibly be sitting in a drivers truck at his home.  Are they kidding? My package is in his truck? In his truck for three days?  In his driveway? Not in a secure facility?  Then they lied about trying to deliver it on Saturday.  When Amazon was on the phone they were apologizing and making arrangements to deliver it the next day on Saturday but by 9AM they say they tried to deliver it and could not find the house.  But the man told Amazon that he printed out a map to deliver it.  RETARDS.Why does Amazon even use these people??? You expect more from Amazon. I should not have to even speak to a Ontrac person, I did not hire them....Amazon did.I complained to Amazon and the sent a replacement package overnight UPS....if everyone did this maybe Amazon would stop using shady companies that lie to everyone.
1	DO NOT USE ONTRAC!!!!!!!!!!!!! They've given me one of the worst days of my life!!!!!!!!!!!! Here's what happened:A VERY time sensitive packaged is sent to me within my state on Monday to be hand delivered on TUESDAY. Tuesday I get a call from OnTrac to confirm my address. They had it wrong so I gave them the correct address. They ASSURED me I would have it on WEDNESDAY! Wednesday comes around, NO PACKAGE!!!!!!! I call the shipper on THURSDAY and they said they would call OnTrac to see what's up. They said I'd have to wait till FRIDAY to get my package!!! Mind you, I was told by OnTrac I'd have it on WEDNESDAY! I call OnTrac and am told that I would have to pick it up(40 MILES AWAY!) because ALL of their drivers are out. After the 'customer service' lady keeps repeating herself that I can't get my package today and not allowing ME to interject, I ask for a SUPERVISOR. (TO THE READER, don't loose patience with my venting, it gets much better!) So, I explain everything to the SUPERVISOR and she tells me that they left a message with the shipper on TUESDAY, TO CONFIRM THE ADDRESS AND APPROVE THE CHANGE!!!! WHY DID THEY CALL ME THEN????? AND WHY DIDN'T THEY DELIVER ON WEDNESDAY LIKE THEY PROMISED THEY WOULD????!!!! I had to threaten with a LAW SUIT until the SUPERVISOR said they could do a SPECIAL DELIVERY and charge the SHIPPER $50.00!!!! WHATEVER, as long as I get my package TODAY!!! OK, NOW THIS GETS EVEN BETTER! The shipper agrees to the EXTRA CHARGE and the SUPERVISOR tells me I'll have it around 3:00pm!!! I'm in my office and I see the OnTrac Truck SPEED past my house and make a right turn and drive down the WRONG STREET!!!! I'm the LAST house on the left at a T. So, I decide to go out front and wait for the truck TO COME BACK. When I see the truck coming, I AM WAVING MY HANDS, SHOUTING, AND JUMPING UP AND DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HE HAS TO TURN IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE OR CRASH INTO IT!!!!!!!!!!! HE TURNS AND KEEPS GOING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I get into my van to CHASE HIM, but he's driving so fast I loose him because of the traffic signals. I CALL ONTRAC. THEY STILL DON'T ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY, though the nice lady does APOLOGIZE for the truck passing my house. DO YOU BELIEVE THIS!!!!!!!! THIS IS VERY TIME SENSITIVE STUFF THAT NEEDS TO SIGNED BY ME TODAY AND RECEIVED BY THE SHIPPER TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well folks, it's 4pm and I'm still WAITING. SO IS MY ATTORNEY!!!!!!! With all of the very experienced and reliable people out of work, why do companies hire incompatent people?????????????????????????????? END OF STORY...4:01, I AM STANDING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET TO STOP THIS GUY. THANK GOD HE'S SLOWING DOWN. HALLEELUJAH!!!! HE STOPS! I FINALLY GET MY TUESDAY(NEXT DAY PACKAGE) ON THURSDAY!
1	OnTrac marked the shipment as delivered 5 days after I wrote this review...no package was in sight, and I was home all day that day! These people must have either lost my package or delivered it to the wrong place and figured I wouldn't notice. I called and complained to Amazon. Luckily, they sent a replacement package via UPS. I received it the next business day. Ontrac employees are a bunch of LIARS. Do not deal with them!
4	I'll be damned.  I swore I would never use OnTrac again but I did, albeit on accident.  I chose standard shipping (not gonna do overnight ever again), so I assumed that Amazon.com was going to use UPS like they did for every other piece of my order.  I chose standard 3-5 or whatever for everything and the piece of equipment that ended up being shipped out by OnTrac got to me today, when its estimated delivery was actually for Monday, just like everything else.So, OnTrac, you did it.  You got something to me three days early.  Now, if only UPS would hurry the fuck up, I'd have everything I need for my camera.
1	Just awful...Why is amazon.com using these people??? I've never had issues with packages until they started getting in the game.I had a package last month that was 3 days late because the kept saying they 'tried' delivering it... I work from home and I was home at all the times they said they tried... apparently they never actually tried and whomever had it sitting around and then hand delivered it to me - never asked me for my signature (which said was required) and was on the phone when they dropped it off. No sorry either from the guy..... Also I just ordered something yesterday and got a mysterious email I was cc'd on from ontrac to officemax saying "Hello, The driver advised that we need a building name and department for this package. Please advise." No other information... nothing... I didn't know what it was for since officemax addresses were on it and I didn't order anything from them. So I wrote back asking what it was about and I live at a residence... and then got an email back "Please disregard this email. It was sent in error" - ERROR? how did they get my email? If my package I ordered from amazon is being shipped from OnTrac... it's probably going to be late... how much do you want to bet??
1	I 100% agree with everyone reviewing this half a** company about yelp needing to have the options for minus stars.This is a terrible, awful, downright extremely poor excuse for a delivery company.I ordered something from amazon and the driver didn't even want to come to my apartment, I saw from the window a delivery van leaving, I checked on the status of my package and the status had changed to "attempt to deliver" NOBODY CAME TO MY DOOR. The guy didn't even try to look for my apartment and when I called they refused to re attempt even when the guy had just left.I went to their facebook page, but if you complain they'll just erase your comment, but an idiot called Rob Abel responded with empty apologies and later on another sad excuse for a human being called Ashley I think called to repeat the same thing that the original representative over the phone and Rob the idiot had said." We are really sorry, we apologize, we will deliver tomorrow"They are great at parroting but sadly they don't understand that some people have better things to do than waiting for a delivery driver that is either too lazy or too incompetent to do that exact job, DELIVER!Like I told Ashley the sweet, apologetic and rather useless rep, the only apology to a customer in this situation is delivering the package when promised, all the rest are empty words.So please, yelpers, I think it is time for us to start a mail with all our names and send it to Amazon to stop using this guys, because for me at least, having to deal with OnTrac will definitively cost Amazon my business.Any interested please message me.
1	I had never heard of OnTrac until I had an order from Amazon delivered by them today. It looks like I'm not the first problem to have a problem with OnTrac. My item was delivered on one of the stormiest days of the season with rain pouring down and wind gusts up to 50mph. I was apparently not home when this package was delivered and it was left near my front door in the pouring rain. I don't have a porch and they could have possibly put it in my mail slot, but didn't. It was just on the ground in what was somewhat of a shallow puddle due to the downpours all day. I found it 1-1.5 hours after Amazon said it was delivered and the cardboard packaging was soaked on the outside and water was starting to seep into the inner portion of the cardboard. Thankfully, my bluetooth headset packaging wasn't soaked yet. I called the Customer Service number listed online and submitted a complaint, but I'm not sure anything will be done. The customer service rep was nice, but she did indicate that since the package didn't have to be signed for, it was ok to leave. I told her that it would have been common sense not to leave package in direct downpours on a day such as this. Get a clue, delivery people! You don't put a cardboard package on the wet ground out in the open when it's raining. Hello!!! Perhaps it would be wise to supply the drivers with plastic bags to put items in.I posted comments similar to this on OnTrac's Facebook page and they were deleted. I guess they don't want people to know the truth.
4	Woah all these one star ratings. Must be by area, but I gotta say for Berkeley OnTrac has been absolutely AMAZING. Amazon has for the longest time used UPS and Fedex for the prime accounts and they have caused some of the biggest nightmares for me. From UPS just outright lying and saying something will be delivered to their obvious not even trying to get into the apartment and just leaving a note. Or oh the best, we can't change the address it's shipping to unless you pay an addition $8 that happens randomly. It's been ridiculous. I'm not sitting at home all day to wait for you, I have classes. I'm not driving to Richmond or Emeryville to pick it up because one, i don't have a car, two, the gas and time wasted would add up to more than the shipping fee I already paid. I've bought  a bunch of things from Amazon since they switched to OnTrac and SURPRISE SURPRISE they've managed to get every single item to my doorstep without any problems, no stupid notes. And for over half my orders, they've delivered a day earlier than the 2-day shipping. The only thing they're missing compared to USPS is local offices to pick things up at so they are not the -best- but goodness, they are leaps and bounds better than UPS and Fedex so far.
5	Another year & a half, another zillion 1-Star reviews for OnTrac!     :-OI receive packages from them all the time, including today, & all I get is great service from friendly drivers who porch my package if I'm not home.  Also, today's delivery was a day ahead of schedule!5 Stars again for OnTrac.  Sorry everybody, I still think they're great!     :-))
1	WTF!! I get enough deliveries from UPS that the driver remembers my name (Yes it is on the package) But he always uses my name. Every time I have used Ontrac, they post that the package was left on my front door during a time I was home. After calling and questioning them about my missing packages, they tell me they will check with the driver and call me back. They have never called me back but usually the driver shows up within 2 hours with the package and the same excuse.."It slipped behind the seat and I couldn't see it"... Then how in the hell did you deliver it! Once I can understand but this has gone on several times. Amazon really needs to find a new shipper.
5	A delivery service is bound to get many angry people and incompetent drivers. Thus it is completely natural that if shipping company X mis-delivers or fails for any reason it is entirely within reason to vent somewhere. Hence the many 1 star reviews (on FedEx and UPS too)I want to report, however, that whoever drops off my package is actually competent. They drop off my package during the afternoon, regardless of whether or not there is a person available at the door, then they leave. I don't live in a house either, it's an 8 unit condo complex. The only negative experience is attributed to USPS who actually took my Ontrac package. Imagine the surprise when I picked up my USPS package and they came out with two parcels. Hooray!....Or maybe my driver actually doesn't care and the only reason I'm giving them 5 stars is because they've delivered a dozen or so of my Amazon packages without fail. And then maybe when they fail and I call customer service, I'll change this to a one star too. Time will tell.
1	Terrible service. I have been a happy Amazon customer for many years. OnTrac is way off track. They had an incorrect zip code. I never gave anything but correct info but things happen so when they called and i corrected it. That should've been it. No. They made another mistake on the address...a new mistake BTW. I called Amazon, OnTrac...fixed it...No.The doorbell rang, as i got there the guy and my package were driving away. They are returning it to Amazon and my purchase is cancelled. The only good thing about this is now I know to never use OnTrac . Total trainwreck...
1	Ordered a package from Amazon on 09/02/11 the delivery date was set for 09/06/11 the tracking said no gate code.  Excuse me my complex is very small about 8 townhouses and no electronic gates.  This is the 2nd time this company has done something shady.  I will write Amazon today and let them know how incompetent this company really is.  Ontrac is HORRIBLE!  -10 Stars
1	Wow! That is all I have to say. First it says they attempted to deliver when there never was an attempt and nothing left behind to say so. Then the driver goes home with all of the packages never returns. They told me to go after 8pm to pick up my package, it will be ready. I showed up and they told me the driver never showed up they still don't have it.As of a few minutes ago they are involving the police to retrieve the packages the driver never returned. WTF?!?!?!? Do not use them, I have already filed a complaint with Amazon. Do not use Amazon until they switch the carrier.(oh and I am still waiting for my package!!!)
1	Amazon.com .... How much is a customer worth ????You use On Trac, because you save a buck or two.I hope that Tomorrow is the day, when their incompetence costs you more in claims, then you saved.
1	Now, I can't judge the rest of OnTrac, but I can tell you that OnTrac has at least one poor delivery driver here in San Diego.  We have a small dog.  He likes to bark.  His bark is loud.  But that whole "his bark is bigger than his bite" definitely holds true with him.  I know the driver doesn't know this, and the job I have means I myself go into stranger's houses daily and have to deal with random strange dogs that may not like men in uniform.  However, I handle myself much more professionally than our OnTrac driver.  He's come to our door twice.  The first time, if he'd stuck around or even done his job halfway decent, he'd have realized he was actually delivering to the wrong apartment.  He was a whole floor off.  And it's a pretty obvious difference in the apartment numbers.  However, as soon as he saw our dog, who barked and headed outside to say hi to him, he ran off and wasn't exactly very friendly as he shouted back, chastising about how we haven't properly trained our dog.Now, the second time, it was a package for us.  Yet, when I opened the door with the barking menace under my arm (who didn't do anything more than bark and wag his tail...he didn't try to escape from my arm, he didn't wriggle, growl, show his teeth, nothing...just some loud barks), he simply shoved the package at my feet inside my doorway and then ran off.  So I ran after him.  I left the dog inside, shut the door, then confronted him and asked him if he wanted to bother making sure this time the package was for the right address.  Blah blah blah, we went back and forth (I won't bore you), and he accused me of being confrontational (barefoot with an Amazon package in my arm) and told me that I only knew half the story, basically saying my girlfriend lied to me about the last incident (yeah, I wasn't there.  Wish I had been).  Not very professional.  If I had the choice, I wouldn't let Amazon ship via OnTrac.  Fortunately, Amazon seems to be the only online service we use that ships via OnTrac.  I wish they used FedEx or UPS...as we have had the same drivers from them for years and NEVER had a problem with them (and yes, the dog barks at them too...)I hate to think that one guy can make a whole company seem horrible to me, but that's just the way it is I guess.  If it only happened once, it'd be one thing (maybe he had a bad day), but this is twice now.  [sigh]
2	What isn't to love about OnTrac?They roll up in unmarked vehicles, "park" (and I use the term loosely) the wrong direction and blocking half the street, walk halfway to the door in unmarked clothing, and then lob your package at the side of your house.UPS has long been a practitioner of the drop and run, but never until OnTrac had I seen a courier literally throw a package toward my doorstep from eight feet away. Initially I thought it must have been an off day, but the same delivery guy has done the same thing at least four times now. If you're going to order anything expensive from Amazon, better make sure it's heavy, too. The only packages not delivered by said driver in a projectile fashion have been too heavy to throw. If they'd been a little lighter, I'm sure I would have had broken electronics as well as a hole in the side of my house.One extra star for the (disappointingly rare) alternate driver, who is both personable and much more careful with his deliveries.
1	OnTrac....sighSeller posted on Amazon item has left for shipping.OnTrac posted....data entry....waiting for packingSomewhere in between the rainbow my package is floating around!Awesome, if this package was essential to my life I would have died......a millions times!
1	If it was possible, I would also give OnTrac negative stars. We placed a few different orders through Amazon to take advantage of the Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales. I didn't realize that Amazon Prime defaults to OnTrac for their two-day shipping.    We will be immediately canceling Prime. We live in San Jose.We had two different shipments placed within the same order from Amazon and they were due to arrive on Wednesday and Friday--we didn't receive either package. When we tracked the package the site said 'In Transit'. I called OnTrac this morning and told the rep about the problem. She told me that one package was lost. Yes, they actually freakin' lost a package. It was a 43lb surround sound speaker set. Yeah, that's easy to lose. I was told the other package was delivered on Wednesday and signed by FD. This means they left it at the front door. Amazon is reshipping this item and will probably end up replacing the speaker set as well. We are a little nervous about the other items we ordered today. They are Christmas presents for the kids and I have very little confidence we will actually receive them. Why on earth Amazon has a contract with OnTrac is beyond me. They are not reliable and make Amazon look really, really bad!
1	ONTRAC will mark an item as being shipped, when really all they do is mark it in their computer as status: DATA ENTRY. Unfortunately, this is all Amazon needs as proof the item has shipped and will charge your credit card even though the item has never left.In the meantime, the 2-day shipping deadline will come and go. Checking the tracking number only reveals DATA ENTRY, and no actual movement of the item.Awful service, and even more awful that there's no way to know if Amazon Prime will use ONTRAC or another (reliable) shipper. Ordered a fishing pole, and it arrived broken and missing the top piece.
1	What a terrible company and only hires the worst people to work for them. The whole system is flawed and I can't imagine why anyone in their right mind would ever consider using this option over UPS, USPS, or FedX. I have more than one horror story to share with you all.First off, my exercise bike. What a scary story. How many people have the ability to carry 200lbs with their bare hands? No one? Well the driver used his nice dolly to get it into my apartment rental office even though I was sitting in my living room waiting for the sketchy looking unmarked van to pull up out front. I woke up at 6am and waited until 10am to finally check online. Lo and behold... it was delivered? No kidding! I went over to my rental office with the person I live with and we had to carry this huge, heavy package home by hand. It was the same distance for the delivery guy to get from the road to the office, but did he bother to deliver it to my apartment? No.Story number two, they broke my property. Literally. My mother ordered a gift for me for my birthday, and instead of knocking on the door, because i was in my living room once again, the guy tossed the package over my patio wall and broke a chair, smashed a Halloween pumpkin, and knocked my grill over- spilling charcoal all over my patio. My three year old niece didn't understand where her Jack-O-Lantern went a day before Halloween this year. My last story (for now), includes ordering DVDs, that's right, something they damaged in the package. Standing on the sidewalk and throwing a package at the door is not only bad practice, but down right unprofessional. I can't believe they are still in business, but i guess when you have job security with Amazon.com, you don't need to worry about silly little things like customer satisfaction and safe arrival of packages. I even posted on MY facebook status updates how horrified i was with their service, but instead of being mature about it, OnTrac reported my updates, un-tagged themselves, and blocked me. Oh yes, that's exactly how much they care about everything they touch. I will never ever use this service if I don't have to, nor will I allow anyone I know to suffer this horrible fate.
1	AMAZON, please stop using these idiots for package delivery! I needed my order today, not tomorrow! Delivery went to a wrong address, now just waiting after talking to UNfriendly customer service rep at "UNTRAC" If I could leave zero stars I would!
1	Negative starsThey consistently deliver my amazon packages to the wrong address (after the 1st time they should have made a note...maybe their gps is wrong? Although maybe they should try reading street signs - it's not hard to find & google maps knows where it is). Today, instead of receiving notice that my pkg has been delivered (wrong location or not), it hasn't been delivered at all. Amazon says it should be delivered today, but it's after 8pm - not going to happen. I'm SO frustrated with this horrible company!!!!!After reading more reviews, I'm wondering if my misdelivered pkgs were actually misdelivered. Maybe OnTrac just didn't deliver them until I finally received the missing packages (weeks later) who knows....
1	My  Prime shipping from Amazon did not arrive from On Trac so I called On Trac and gave them my tracking number.  They said the On Trac vehicle with all it's packages was reported stolen today.  I live in the Bay Area if you're interested.  Horrible service!!
1	why do these guys suck? how hard is it to ring a bell to see if the receiver is home?  I've had multiple issues with them, and wish Amazon would stop using them.
1	Amazon started using these jokers a while back, and what used to be 95% reliable 2 day service (Prime) has gone to pony express transit times.'Out for delivery'24 hours later'Out for delivery'repeat until one of the competent 3rd party couriers actually unites you and your packageAVOID AVOID AVOID and I am trying hard to get Amazon to drop them from the "prime" preferred shippers.What a joke of a company
1	Deliver man did not even attempt to call my number, which should have been available to him/her, upon arrival. As a result, my package has been delayed for one day thus far. I called customer service this morning (day after the package was supposed to be delivered) and was informed that the driver would be coming sometime before 5 PM to make a second attempt at delivery. In addition, the customer service lady told me that she would call me to follow-up sometime after that time. I've waited the whole day and have not received a single call, from neither the delivery man NOR the lady from customer service...
1	Always trouble. Lost packages. Driver claims all sorts of problems where FexEx and UPS and, of course, USPS, have no problems. Lost one package. Never was contacted back when I called the company. Got a call tonight from someone complaining, quite rudely, that I wasn't home earlier today. This company really is awful. This smells of a scam, since the woman keep saying a problem with the gate surrounding my residence. There is none. Wonder where all this merchandise goes that doesn't reach its intended recipient. Got worse, if that was possible. Still talking about non-existent gates and had the nerve to say that drivers don't always have the time to follow instructions on a call box! Amazon should drop them.
1	Was visiting my daughter in Phoenix, and order something from Amazon Prime. Web tracking said the item was delivered on Friday 7/13. The box showed up at the door on Monday 7/16. With all the bad reviews I see about OnTrac I wonder why Amazon hasn't dropped them.Actual Rating = No Stars Or Black Hole...
1	If I could give less than one star I would. They are ruining Amazon Prime's reputation. I payed for Prime because the 2-day shipping has been fast and reliable. But if ONTRAC is in charge of the shipment, don't hold your breath. They don't knock on your door, they just keep leaving attempted delivery notes even if you're home. If you call them they suggest you go pick it up at their facility, which for me is a 25 minute drive to the ghetto. NOT safe. I loathe this company with every fiber of my being.
1	If i could give 0 stars I would.  I have continually gotten late shipments and no shows from the last year.  At least 5-6 if i recall correctly.  I would NEVER use them, except amazon.com designates automatically who shipment is under prime.  Only downside i see to amazon.com prime.....ONTRAC.Either get it together ontrac or amazon drop them.
1	This has to be the worst shipping service in history. My third time in two months that I've paid for expedited shipping only to have to wait another day to get my merchandise. This is through Amazon when using their Prime service. Maybe there is just a single truck or something? Or maybe this is a bike messenger service? Whatever it is, they definitely do not have the customer in mind. Another irritating thing is that when you go on Amazon to track your order, it shows that it is "Out for Delivery" and that is it. The next day, the same thing. I called Amazon and they refunded my shipping and contacted the company to find out where my merchandise was...guess what..."Out for delivery"
1	My package shows "delivered" and "signed for" by "FD," which I assume means "Front Door." No package. No note. No nothing. I was here ALL DAY the day the package was supposed to be delivered (two days ago).Very disappointed. Called customer service (they picked up quickly and the lady was very nice), and she said she would call the driver and get back to me. Have shipped hundreds of items via UPS over the years (I buy and sell golf clubs on eBay), and have not had a single problem. Just don't understand all the negative comments, OnTrac. How do you let this happen?
1	HORRIBLE!This is the 3rd time my package has been "mis-located". The tracking status will say it has been delivered to the "front door", my packages never made it to the front door... its either on the ground by the gate, neighbors porch or tucked in some shrubs or missing *sigh* .. I hate this carrier and i wish amazon breaks their contract with them.
1	Now I see why they are rated so low!!!Can't believe this. Made an a pickup request Saturday. Was told after 9am on Monday Called about 11:00 and was told..."Oh, we pick up between 9-5. Called again at 3:30 and was told, "We only pick up in your area between 3-5" Would have been nice to have gotten this information up front so I could have kept my other appointment or rescheduled them....like Fed Ex a lot better!!! So if you do go with them as for a firm time...and good luck!!!
1	Ugh.  The tracking info on their site says "Delivered", yet we've been home all day and no package.  I called and they are trying to locate the package.  This is the first time I've ever had a delivery problem ordering from Amazon.Last time I ever willingly use OnTrac!!!
2	Update - I contacted OnTrac, and they looked into the issue, and they said either the package was mis-scanned or mis-delivered.The package did show up on my door the next morning - I'm not sure what happened but was relieved that I finally did receive the package.Amazon was very responsive as well, so I have to give them props for that...
1	HORRIBLE! I'm still trying to understand how under the "signed for by" section on the website says "front door"! Needless to say, I had a package from Amazon that was supposedly delivered to my "front door." I live in an apartment building so it is very possible that the carrier got access to the building via buzzing the manager and then just dropped off my package (like UPS and FedEX do). However, after checking my front door, then inquiring with the building manager (who then went through hours of footage to see if it was dropped off and possibly picked up by someone else) I determined that that package had not been left. I then proceeded to call customer service. I couldn't get through to anyone so I contacted Amazon who said to wait one more day. I waited, still no package. Got through to ONTRAC and they said they would contact the driver and then get back to me. They called me and said the driver would come by the next day at 2pm to check to see where he left it. I was confused at this point because it was never a matter of where the package was left. It was more that 1) it was possibly left outside the building or 2) not delivered in the first place. Supposedly if this driver can't find it he's going to put a notice on the door, but I'm not clear as to what that is supposed to do!In the meantime I've contacted Amazon and requested a replacement and basically begged them not to ship it via ONTRAC. I have read other reviews where Amazon has shipped replacement via ONTRAC and it essential repeats the whole cycle!!! Here is to hoping things get resolved. I hope to never have to deal with this horrible company again. They should be out of business by now! I've read nothing by horror stories!
1	Please, don't bother getting out of your truck and PLACING my Amazon package next to the front door or concerning yourself with the fact that ANYONE could have seen it and taken it, since it was LYING IN THE MIDDLE OF MY FRONT LAWN! Obviously you just threw it curbside from the truck while sitting on your ass. Apparently you've done your job. Good Job, idiots.
1	I only wish there were a way to give 0 stars.After having had two incidents with Ontrac not delivering packages I ordered from Amazon a couple of months ago, today they failed to deliver a package on the second day of a two-day delivery window.  Amazon had the expected delivery date on Saturday (today).  When I checked the Ontrac site, I saw that the expected date was Monday.  I called Ontrac and spoke with the representative there who told me that he would look into the issue, verified my phone number, and told me he'd call me back.  He didn't.Three hours later I called Amazon.  The customer service representative was very helpful and told me she'd contact Ontrac.  She came back on the line to inform me that Ontrac told her that they don't deliver on Saturday.  I told her that they most assuredly did - and that the representative I had spoken with before had told me that my package was marked for Saturday delivery.  She called back to Ontrac and then came back on the line almost in tears - telling me how rudely she had been treated by the folks at Ontrac, apologizing on behalf of Ontrac and Amazon, and telling me that she would escalate the matter at Amazon.I then called back to Ontrac and got the same person I had spoken with before, telling him that I had a specific deadline and delivery promise on the merchandise I had ordered and that I would pick the package up at their facility if needed.  I was promised a call back within an hour.  I never got one.I will be following up with Amazon this coming week both as a customer and as a shareholder.  Ontrac diminishes the value of the Amazon brand and makes me less likely to buy their products.
1	I wish there was a way to give them a 0 or negative score. I have read through most of the reviews below mine and have come to find I'm having the same problem with them. My amazon package tracker says my package has been delivered, but I haven't seen anything for two days. I called them two days ago to inquire about my package and they said they would send out the driver tomorrow (today) by 5pm to verify he dropped it at the wrong place and they would call me back. I never received a call. I called them back today and spoke to a woman who said she'd contact the driver and get right back to me. An hour went by and, nothing. I called back and I spoke with a Jaime. She told me that there wasn't even a record of me calling today, only yesterday. She contacted the driver and told me that the driver verified he was at the right address and left a delivery slip. There was never any OnTrac slip found near my apartment. So either the drivers a liar or dropped it at the wrong address. I doubt he dropped it at the wrong address because I took the time to go to every apt. complex in my area with the same apt. # to inquire. NOTHING! I asked to speak with the driver myself to verify personally he had the right address. Jaime told me there is no way I can contact him and she can't guarantee he will call me, and basically there's nothing she can do. The package I ordered is for my husbands birthday and is a product that is constantly out of stock, so I cannot simply call Amazon and tell them to ship me a new one. I will be reporting this company to the Better Business Bureau in the morning with a link to this page and I suggest the rest of you do the same.
1	If you guys could only see the type of van they deliver in. After reading OnTrac reviews on yelp I instantly got frightened that my shipment containing a mother board and other expensive computer items would be lost and or stolen. So I opened my garage door and waited for them to show up. They didn't show up late but... the type of delivery truck they used wasn't even a truck. It was a beat down old shady looking van with 1 sticker on the back that had the companies name on it. The guy pulls up and asks me if this was the address and I said yes. He opens the back of his truck and the boxes are just thrown in there. I see fragile seals. with the boxes flipped and thrown all over the place. Horrible. I actually got a picture of the dude and the van.https://pbs.twimg.com/media/A7NSII6CAAEbtUk.jpgThe guy who delivered was extremely rude and seemed like he just wanted to get his runs over with. Good luck to anyone else who uses or is condemned to using this company.
1	My saga with OnTrac -- A package was supposed to be delivered (yes, from Amazon) on Monday, November 12  - Veteran's Day.  Our business had its' doors open all day long, and our building was open as well.  On OnTrac's tracking details, the driver noted "RECIPIENT CLOSED FOR HOLIDAY"  and the package was not delivered.  Called OnTrac Monday afternoon and they said it would be given priority for yesterday, Tuesday, November 13.  At 4pm, I called OnTrac and they said they were having "delivery issues" and the package would be delivered by 8pm.  WE ARE A BUSINESS that closes at 5pm.   I called Amazon, they were apologetic, but what can they do at this point?   I got into the office this morning and was heartened that there was a VM from OnTrac saying they were sorry for the mix-up and my package was given expedited delivery status.  At noon (still no package), I called OnTrac and they told me that the package would be delivered by 2pm.  I have notified Amazon that after all these years of great service using UPS and FedEx, why they (or their vendors) would go with this cheap, unreliable service is beyond me.  From now on, I am only going to do business with vendors who use UPS or FedEx.  There's a reason they're so big and successful -- YOU CAN DEPEND ON THEM!  Bye bye Amazon...
1	I also wish I could give 0 stars.I've had two packages delivered to the wrong address in less than one week. I can understand an accident once, but twice is just plain imcompetent. I still have not received either package. Customer services says they will have the driver help me find the packaged, but that hasn't happened either. Avoid using them at all cost.
1	Every time I order from Amazon I cringe when I see that Ontrac are the selected carrier for that particular package. There is not a time that they don't screw up. Either they try and deliver to my office at 7 PM or claim they got lost. I just ordered a package from Amazon that I have to have for Sunday, paid Amazon for overnight and now Ontrac are scheduled to get it to me on Monday, albeit that Amazon got it out to them right away. To make matters worse the CSR tried to blame amazon for the delay. Amazon, are you listening - these clowns are going to cost you business. I for one will return to big box stores if you insist on using this outfit. Stick with Fedex, UPS and DHL, they do you justice.
1	Anytime I see a package is shipping to me via OnTrac I do a face palm. These guys suck. Their tracking site is worthless and you never know when the package will show up.Update: Had to wait at my office until 8 on a Friday night just to get notified at 7:45 that they decided not to deliver the package today after all. Now they say they will deliver it next week. Why do I pay for two shipping if OnTrac can't deliver until the next week?
1	wow are you serious, these bastards never rang my doorbell for my package!!!!!!!! like the reviewers said, they probably left it on my front lawn of the building for everyone to steal. this place needs to be shut down immediately!!!!!!!!!!! ps: very very pissed off
1	Not rude necessarily - but dismissive.  Had something that was guaranteed for delivery by 12/17/12 - didn't arrive on 12/17 - i called on 12/18 - got the word that they would "locate the package and call me back ASAP" - never called back on 12/18 - i called on 12/19, same response, same lack of call back, becoming quite a joke.Latest update - someone from the mid-west is "all over this" even though my package still isn't here.  We're going on 5 days from the promise date - oh - and it's my kid's first christmas that their package has missed (since we needed it by 12/21 before we left town)Thanks OnTrac!  Another Festivus Miracle for you!
1	sent to Amazon and Ontrac.Worst delivery service ever!Good morning, I have just had two packages delivered and left at my front door by one of your agents and I would like to send you a copy of the complaint sent to Amazon;I need to leave a complaint here about the shipping company Ontrac. The delivery agent was very, very rude at my door.  My door has a "do not disturb" on the doorbell as my husband works nights and sleeps late during the day. No one else that delivers here has a problem with this, ever. This time I caught the girl as she did her "ring and run" delivery. She was not waiting for me to answer, she was almost to her van, but she did ring the bell and then when I opened the door to ask her not to do that again she started an argument with me and told me she had to ring, and "go ahead and complain"I am telling you not to use this company for my shipments anymore. I am complaining to the company Ontrac also. this rudeness was inexcusable. I am so pissed that I am going to add to the complaint blogs regarding your company and Amazon.
1	These guys are slackers.They screw up Amazon Prime orders and make Amazon look bad.Waited the whole day for a package but didn't arrive, no word from anyone.Amazon Prime never fails, unless of course its delivered by Ontrac.Their tracking online is centuries away from FedEx and UPS.Avoid like a plague
1	I too would like to be able to give 0 stars to this company.I have had four packages in the last month, three from Amazon and one from my compounding pharmacy in Los Angeles. All four have disappeared. Tracking says that they have been signed for by "Front Door". In the case of the prescriptions, a signature is required...well, I was home all day yesterday and no one ever knocked on the door. My pharmacy sent out another shipment and wrote "Knock on Door" in giant letters all over the package and that one did actually get delivered today. Whether that is due to the note on the packs age or the fact that both I and my pharmacy called to complain yesterday, or that I spoke with a driver supervisor sometime yesterday, I have no idea. And it really shouldn't matter.  Good customer service is good customer service and OnTrac is a shining example of AWFUL customer service. My pharmacy, when I called, after remembering that they use OnTrac said that they had a lot of complaints lately.  I have emailed Amazon as well, asking them to stop using OnTrac and pointing them toward all the reviews here on Yelp. Because Amazon is generally awesome, and OnTrac is making them look bad.Also, isn't it funny that Rob A from OnTrac has been responding to these negative reviews with efforts to help since at least 2011 (I've not finished reading all the complaints) and yet the service is still abhorrent?! Way to go guys.***************************************So, I sent an email to Amazon complaining about OnTrac's service, I got the usual form response from someone in India. Then the website asked me to provide feeback on my resolution. When I listed one star for everything Amazon offered to call me to discuss. I got a wonderful customer service rep in Seattle named Kathy who, get this: DEPRIORITIZED ONTRAC IN MY PRIME PROFILE!! OnTrac will now only be used as a last resort if other shipping options are unavailable.Go through all the feedback steps, talk to a Stateside rep and let Amazon know how much this company sucks. The service reps know, I think. When I mentioned Ontrac, I think she whimpered. But she doesn't have the power to make Amazon stop using them. If a lot of people complain to reps other than the outsourced, well meaning but useless, "follow the script" folks in India, maybe they'll get the message.
1	As with others, I would give zero or negative stars if possible. I have mobility problems and some days find it very difficult to walk. It is one of the reasons I belong to amazon prime. For years, fedex and ups deliver right to my front door--perfect!! Ontrac has left one package on the driveway. I ran over it without even seeing it. Now they leave the package on top of my TRASH CANS!! Which r a long way from the front door. Fortunately one neighbor has seen a couple of the packages and brought them to me. On another day, our trash collector saw a package on the can...got out of his truck and walked it to my door before taking away the trash (yes, I live in a very small town where people actually do this sort thing!) this poor service must stop!!  This is based on real experience. If yelp does not believe that, I would be happy to privately send recent Amazon order numbers! I know ontrac doesn't listen and won't respond, but I feel better just putting the truth out there.
1	Absolutely ridiculous...I just signed up for Yelp, just so I can leave these guys a negative review after my experience with them handling an Amazon Prime order of mine today. I ordered a package yesterday to be here Saturday - standard two-day shipping for Amazon Prime accounts. I was pleased to see that it was actually going to arrive today. Well, as all of these other comments show, it's the same old story - shows as delivered and is not delivered. So I take action and call OnTrac. Nice lady answers the phone, apologizes, says she will reach out to the driver and call me back in an hour. This was 2:30 on a Friday. She calls back at 4:30 to tell me that the driver won't be coming back until Monday. "How does that help me?" I ask. "It doesn't, but the driver wants to go home for the weekend and he's not near your location." "So can I have it delievered tomorrow then?" "No sir, we don't work on the weekends." At this point I really can't believe what I am hearing...I pay for an Amazon Prime account and expect two-day shipping. You mean to tell me that I won't get the package I ordered (which I need for Monday) because your driver is lazy and doesn't want to loop back around to figure out where the heck my package is? What about customer service? What about making sure you're delievering a good service? So I call Amazon and they make it right by ensuring Saturday delivery with a RELIABLE carrier like UPS or FEDEX. I will have my package tomorrow no thanks to OnTrac. I filed a formal complaint with Amazon.com to remove OnTrac as a regional carrier here in Phoenix and by the looks of these reviews, I hope they start getting the message. If I had the option, I would put in my personal profile that they are never allowed to touch an order of mine ever again.Whatever you do, if you can avoid it, don't ever use OnTrac if you want reliable service and want your package delivered properly.And Rob A. who works with OnTrac, don't bother contacting me to ask for tracking info...UPDATE: This review was a bit delayed due to email confirmation. Since this mishap with OnTrac, I received my package from FedEx the next day. About four days later, the other package arrived on my doorstep with a note from a neighbor (not sure who) saying they delivered it to the wrong address...again. We have had multiple issues with OnTrac delivering to the wrong address. To OnTrac operations, I am sorry for putting my correct address on the package exactly how it is on file with the USPS. Next time, I'll put my neighbors and maybe then I will get my package.
1	Order something through amazon and paid for two day shipping. Amazon shipped through OnTrac.  OnTrac held it at their location for a day (already making it late).  Checked the tracking again on the 3rd day while I sat around waiting for my package and the log said it was delivered to my house at 11:02 am.  Well I was home at 11:02 am and my package certainly wasn't delivered.  I immediately called OnTrac, who had to contact the driver and call me back.  The driver told the disbatcher that none of the apartment units had numbers on the doors so he left it behind the 2nd screen door.  All of 3 apartments in my building are very clearly marked and NONE of them have screen doors.  I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE MY PACKAGE IS NOW AND NEITHER DO THEY.
1	Too bad there's no ZERO stars for ratings.First of all, for everyone and I mean everyone, rather than yelp reviewing, please file a Better Business Bureau complaint so that the BBB is receiving your complaints formally and OnTrac's rating will be documented as blemished.Link here: http://tinyurl.com/OnTracComplaintOnTrac has a shady business practice going hiring undocumented and likely uninsured drivers. Their administration has zero follow through and do not take care of their respective customers accordingly.I have filed a BBB complaint regarding a similar instance everyone is experiencing regarding delivery drivers not attempting to deliver packages and serving bold faced lies regarding their said "attempts."Ignore their employees who are trying to make light of the situation. Immediately request that Amazon give you a refund on the spot and if the CSR says that is not within their power, ask for a supervisor and they can issue you a refund immediately, despite being quite curt (as was the instance I had with John of Amazon "Leadership" staff).So my suggestion to you all, retroactively file your complaints with the BBB and let OnTrac and subsequently Amazon know they are doing their customers a disservice using OnTrac as a cheap (in many different ways) delivery service.Bryan
1	Do NOT do business with companies who use OnTrac as their courier unless you like waiting around for stuff that's never going to arrive!!   Who knows where these packages end up.   In my opinion, there seems to be something shady about  the people in this company.   Stick with the other two (UPS and FED EX)   They have proven themselves to be more professional and  reliable.    My prediction is that OnTrac will go out of business before the year is up.    P.S. They don't deserve any stars, but I had to give at least one or Yelp would not let me leave a comment.
1	I am always disappointed to see that Ontrac will be delivering my package.   The latest delivery from them is the worst yet.   I waited all day and into the evening for my order.   I notice at 8:07 p.m. that they attempted delivery and no one was home.  Well, they usually leave it on my doorstep, so not necessary that I be there.   Second, no note stating they were there.   Third, I can here them when they drive up.   They lied and did not even come to my house.   It is now the next evening and still no package.    I hope the company goes under so we, the people, don't have to rely on this horrible service.
1	This company is a joke. I was expecting an Amazon Prime shipment. The package didn't arrive, so I checked the tracking number and it said the address was wrong. Ridiculous. I've been at the same address for years and Amazon has sent me HUNDREDS of packages to this address. There is nothing tricky about my address. It's a regular Single Family Home on a normal street. It's not gated or anything like that.I contacted Amazon and they had me call OnTrac. The lady I spoke with at OnTrac said the driver couldn't find my house. That is absolutely absurd. They don't have GPS or Google Maps? Getting to my house could not be easier. You make a left turn off a major cross street and then an immediate right turn and you are there.I gave the directions to my house and the OnTrac lady did indeed sound embarrassed to realize how dumb the driver must have been to be unable to find my place.Using my directions they were able to find it, but that's insane. They should have a dispatcher who can guide them to a house. Google maps gives perfect directions to my house. The driver was just lazy or incompetent or both.
1	I do a bunch of shipping with my business.  We ship around 30 packages a day using FedEx and another 10-20 packages a day using various other carriers.  For about 2 years we used Ontrac but could no longer tolerate the lack of customer service, so we stopped using them.  I would email my representative and he would never get back to me.  We would track packages that say "Delivered" only to be told by our customer that they never received the package.  Then we would go "round and round" trying to get a claim filed.  I cannot say enough bad things about this company and it's lack of customer service and customer care.
1	ontrac is a disgrace to the unemployed.  they are a terrible shipping company, and they need to either shut the company down or fire their drivers and give jobs to people who do not slack on the clock. i had a problem with a 2 day late shipment then after talking to the general manager they failed to deliver my package today. the drivers are lazy and unqualified to perform the simplest of tasks.  i had another problem with a delivery today from them. they failed to even attempt to deliver the bedsheets when everyone was at the house. i received no call from the driver. please take me off of receiving shipments from ontrac. please ship only ups or fedex or usps. i will cancel my amazon prime membership if this isnt taken care of correctly. i was 2 days ago ontrac would be taken off my delivery options and amazon failed to do so. this looks very cheap on amazons part to have such a terrible shipping company represent them.
1	Packages are dropped by front door in a very visible location even though we have a large sign saying drop by side gate.Packages have been stolen in 3 occasions, my house was broken too when a package was left outside all day while we were out.I requested  Amazon to de-prioritize On-Trac as a courier for my prime purchases but all they did was file a complaint.  Amazon has replaced all my stolen packages as soon as I have complained but I really need them to stop using On-Trac.  I also plan to file a complaint with the BBB right away.
1	We ordered T-shirts for an event this weekend and they absolutely had to be at my house by Tuesday at the latest.  Got home and no T-shirts.  No note.  No tracking number.  No info...  A lot of people were counting on receiving their T-shirts on time however because our T-shirt vendor for some unknown reason chose to use OnTrac instead of a reputable shipper like UPS or FedEx - or even USPS, it has created a major problem.  How OnTrac is able to stay in business is beyond me...
1	Ontrac is horrible, I had a package delivered to my daughters house, she lives in a gated community and although they had phone numbers for herself and I they kept saying they could not delivery because they did not have the gate code.  I called and they verified the gate code without assistance from me..so ask yourself, why did they not deliver?  The next day, they stated they delivered the package however, my daughter did not get it, when they called the driver he said he delivered it to the first house on the left.  I laughed and asked if he stated the address or just location; it was just location.  Two days later I get a call from the supervisor, they found the package, the driver left it at the first house on the left of the subdivision...hmmm I have to wonder if this driver knows why there are number on houses.  If you use ontract, your package will certainly end up lost or it will be delivered to a complete strangers home.  We were lucky the people left the package knowing it was an error, most people would not be that honest.  To bad there is not a zero or minus five stars, this company is the worst!
1	It is 8:30 PM - Amazon promised me my package by 8:00 PM Today with NO delivery at all. OnTrac's wonderful tracking service reads:Transaction  Date / Time  FacilityREDELIVER ON NEXT BUSINESS DAYJun 3 2013 8:30PM PhoenixUNDELIVERABLE - NEED GATE CODE Jun 3 2013 8:29PM Let me first say, that my phone number is transmitted to OnTrac. All the driver needed to do is call me to let me know he / she was here and had a package to deliver. It would have taken him/her a minute. But obviously this was too much trouble. Driver probably was just too tired and decided to call it a day.A1 Courier (who Amazon formerly used for this kind of service) actually called me and said "Hi, we have a package to deliver, can you let us know how to get in to your complex?" I'm very disappointed that OnTrac couldn't get it together to call the customer. All I can say is that my package had better damn well be at my leasing office tomorrow. If not, there will be hell to pay. Way to make Amazon look bad OnTrac.
1	I got free shipping on an order I placed with Urban Outfitters and had no idea until it had shipped they were using a carrier I never heard of. Fast forward to the day of delivery I monitor the tracking status and even get home from work to see it hasn't been delivered yet. I wait around, even periodically looking out the window to see if the driver is outside, and still no package. I check the status online again and it says it was delivered at a specific time, which strangely enough, 7 minutes after that I had a knock at a door of a person handing me a flyer, thinking its my package. I never had another knock at the door, so either the driver delivered it to the wrong address, or it was stolen within a 7 min time frame of when it was supposedly left at my front door to when I had someone else knock at my door. I called OnTrac to tell them I haven't received my package and they inform me they will page the driver to come back and help me locate my package. I wait and hour and a half and still haven't heard back, I called OnTrac again and get a different woman who informs me she paged the driver and was able to get ahold of him but he was already home but will come back out tomorrow and help me locate my package which is not what the first woman told me. This is the WORST experience I've ever had with an order, even USPS hasn't been this horrible. Terrible customer service and drivers who either do not knock on the door or deliver to the wrong address.
1	So, I paid extra to have a package delivered same-day via Amazon. I get home from work at about 3:30 and wait for my package. 6 o'clock rolls around, I check the delivery status, and it shows me "delivery attempted" at 4:03. What? I was home, literally next to the door and never heard a knock.I called down to the main office and they tell me he had no gate code. They have my phone number, why couldn't he have called me? They say they do not supply drivers with cell phones. Even without a gate code, the gate is right next to the office that he could've dropped it off at! This all happens on a Friday, lucky me they don't deliver on weekends so now I'm stuck waiting either waiting until Monday for my package or going to their office and picking it up myself. Joy...Update: So I called back to find out when I could pick up my package, the woman I spoke to said her coworker has to call the driver to find out when he will return. They don't supply their employees with cell phones, remember? Anyway, she said she would get back to me. I got a call back within a 1/2 hour and she said the driver won't be back at the office until 9 o'clock that night, and they'll be closed. My package will be available on Monday, and guess what, now I HAVE to pick the package up. This is unbelievable. BBB here I come...
1	Left package at wrong address. Called customer service and they told me they may not be able to help until the next day??? Lucky the person that fot my package was honest and brought it me. They said they just found it sitting on their porch,  never even rang the doorbell or knocked.Amazon needs to dump this company!
2	I'm only giving it 2 stars for the very nice lady at customer service who assisted me- let's see if it works. Needed a product to my house by today. Didn't receive the package, checked online and the package was marked as the wrong delivery address....It's not a new address, and it's quite easy to find.Called customer service, she confirmed that my address is correct per USPS website and put in a note for the delivery driver to ensure its delivered tomorrow. With all the bad reviews, we will see if that happens.If I dont receive this package tomorrow, will be canceling my Amazon Prime account.
1	Amazon needs to forget about using them! My shipment never was received- they try to deliver at 8 PM- after my gate is closed- but we have a CALL BOX and they must not know how to use a phone because no one bothers.  So instead of my Amazon Prime order being received 5 days ago as expected, they sent it back today. This company is a joke, and I may be cancelling Amazon Prime and not using amazon if this continues. AVOID THEM AT ALL COSTS
3	After reading the reviews, I think that there must be a lot of bad OnTrac drivers out there and I must be lucky to have only dealt with really good ones. I order a ton of stuff from Amazon Prime (i.e. several packages a week) and I have several valley locations they are delivered to. Often OnTrac is the delivery agent and I have never had a bad experience. Not once has a package been lost, late, or otherwise unsatisfactorily delivered. Yet, while my experience has been 5 star you will notice I'm giving them 3 stars. This is because while I have had positive experiences, a ton of other people have not. This clearly shows that while a 5 star experience is very possible, management needs to work on making sure good service is consistently delivered. Management is ultimately responsible for making sure a company runs well, and it seems that it is doing a spotty job at it.
1	I will no longer be doing business with any company that uses these guys for delivery. Around Christmas, I had a package delivered by this company that never arrived. I contacted the company, who sent the driver back to "look" for the package. I talked to him when he arrived. I informed him that I had been home all day, and that I never heard anyone knock on the door. He said they weren't allowed to knock on doors, informed me that my package was obviously stolen, but that "these companies have insurance." I was annoyed at the supposed "no knock" policy, and not entirely convinced I wouldn't have noticed a delivery vehicle at my house, but these things happened.Now, seven months later, the exact same scenario has occurred. I don't live in a high crime area. I've had packages from other delivery services sit outside for hours without disappearing. The common denominator is this company.
1	At this point, I'm so sad that Amazon even ships with these people. I'm working on getting a refund on a $100 package they just decided to LEAVE at my front door of an apartment complex in Oakland, WHICH NEEDED MY SIGNATURE!!! This is now the second time I have bought something off Amazon, and it was delivered so poorly. The last one I found my package has been thrown through my gated garage door, and I almost ran it over before I got out and realized it was my textbook for my college class. My other item was something I had even paid extra to ship faster because I needed it for work ASAP. They left it without a signature, carelessly by the front door I suppose, and now it has been stolen. My manager even has a note on the door SPECIFICALLY saying please buzz me and I will come get any packages for the apartment. The driver also had my phone number!! So far customer service for Ontrac has been very nice, its just now taking the rest of my day to follow their protocol of missing packages, which is pretty much a waste of time at this point since I just went out and got the item elsewhere...I would honestly just never buy from Amazon again, or definitely clarify you would like anyone else buy OnTrac...
1	Had a packaged delivered 07/26. I was not home when the delivery was made. Driver used his own personal car, parked in my driveway and left a huge oil stain. I called the toll free number and spoke to a very nice lady and she said they use their own personal cars and really sorry about the mess. She promised to have a supervisor call me. No call back. I have never observed FedEx or UPS park in someones driveway. Totally unprofessional.
1	Pissed that amazon used OnTrac for delivery, as I contacted OnTrac and gave a specific request, that my package NOT be left outside or in a common area in my building where I am off of one of the busiest streets in Portland. I specifically left the message with Ontrac with simple instructions, so with this order being a camera, memory card and a flash drive...then they use this shitty company. I was NOT keen on having it stolen, even if Amazon replaces it...I had plans! :) but still the package was left OUTSIDE off the street in broad daylight, not far from signs that said all packages must be taken to the resident and not left, they could have even left it with the building manager. I was home, and my phone didn't even buzz. I had only found out it had been delivered when I checked the tracking status. My membership for Prime is ending in a couple weeks and I won't stay on.
1	Horrible how the hell do you lose my package when I'm less then 10 mins away from your facility? Also the driver marked it was delivered twice for some reason. I wasted a whole day with these people and the weren't even sure if the driver even dropped it off at all and supposed the driver lost it. After a 2 minute call with Amazon they were very familiar with OnTrac's inconsistencies and gave me an instant refund. They ruined my first and last Amazon experience. Looks like I'm going back to eBay and ups.
1	It looks like everyone has had a similar experience.  I've been at the same address for 6 years and never had a package stolen or lost until Haute Look decided to use OnTrac.  One and only time I will allow that to happen.  When I called customer service they acted like it wasn't a big deal that my package was lost/stolen, they told me to call Haute Look to send a replacement.  Well Haute Look can't do that because the inventory is always different each day.  Once it is sold out it's gone.  I don't want my money back..I want my Orla Kiely Dress at 60% off!!!  I'm going to file a complaint with the BBB.
1	Horrible delivery service, I do not know why Amazon chooses to do business with these people. The person delivering my package did not even take the time to knock on my door to see if I was home. Instead he chose to throw my package at my doorstep and leave without saying anything. Terrible customer service.
2	I have had OnTrac delivery many packages for me from Amazon Prime shipping. But a couple of times already they have delayed the package. The first time they were unable to delivery after I paid the extra 3.99 to have the package delivered the next day. the second time which happen today they're tracking information said "out for delivery" and now it says "UNDELIVERABLE - OTHER REASONS" followed by "REDELIVER ON NEXT BUSINESS DAY". The delivery man couldn't even put a legitament reason why my package could not be delivered. I am sure he felt he was running late and decided he would just take care of it the next day. Also the guy that first started to delivery packages to me would never smile even if I smiled at home and said thank you after receiving the package and he would not even say you are welcome. He would just hand me my package with a face as if he hates his job turn around and drive away. OnTrac needs to do a better job at training their delivery men on customer service skills. Overall they do a good job at delivering but I can't give them no more than two stars because compared to UPS or FedEx they just are not as good.
1	Horrible service. Driver was rude. Excuse for non delivery was intercom not working. I have tested the intercom myself which worked for me. USPS had no problem last week using the intercom. UPS had no problems. On the 3rd attempt I waited for the driver outside to accept delivery.  Will not use Amazon anymore as long as ONTRAC is their delivery service.
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would.  I live in a second story apartment building and have had many packages delivered by On Trac, EVERY single time, they have THROWN my packages up onto my balcony (the only way to get to my balcony unless you're inside my apartment). I have contacted the company at least 3 times on the phone and at least 2 times in writing, and each time I'm told the "manager" of the driver will talk to them.  Well apparently the driver truly only cares about a pay check.  I come from the generation you EARN your money,well not this company, they just get paid to drive around and THROW people's things around that THE CUSTOMERS pay good money for!!!  WORST delivery company EVER!!!!!!I will definitely be seeking other methods of shipping.
1	I don't know why Amazon keeps using them.  They are just so unreliable. My first experience, the Ontrac guy threw my package from his van from the street onto my driveway.  I was at home and saw him do it.  My neighbor had a shipment from Newegg that was thrown over their fence just minutes before.  They probably didn't expect us to be home at 2pm on a weekday.We called Ontrac to complain and the driver claimed that we were both lying.  They did not fire him as he is still delivering packages from Amazon to me.My latest experience was with Amazon prime 1 day shipping.  They claimed an attempted delivery at 3:30pm.  I called them and they said the package was given to the wrong driver.  I asked why it said, delivery attempted then, and they said it defaults to that when something goes wrong.The next day they claimed it was delivered and left at the patio.  I called and told them that I don't even have a patio.At some point Amazon needs to drop them.  It makes them look bad.
1	They delivered a package at night and did not ring the door bell.  The driver goes out to the house when now the package is missing and rings the doorbell.   Asked us to call new egg and they are insured so "if someone" stole it they will replace it that  they have an insurance policy that will replace packages.  UMMMMM my true opinion is the driver stole it, then tries to make it the buyers responsibly to replace it with co.    Seriously cut the BS and be honest at doing your job.. Have integrity and do the right thing.  RING or KNOCK on the door.  UGH MAKES me angry!!!
3	Drivers in Ontrac are stressed beyond belief. Sometimes having  as many as 280 stops in a day, making the driver work around 14-16 hours. Thats twice as many as UPS on a standard day. Even 140 stop is a lot. The drivers spend 2 to 3 hours loading their own vehicle and get paid less than $1.25 per stop, not per package. You could have 100 packages delivered from amazon to your house and the driver  would be paid the same as one package. Ontrac also sub contracs all of their delivery routes putting all vehicle expenses in the hands of the drivers. There are no paid vacations, and no workers comp if ever hurt . There are no benefits at all. Also,there are  no back up drivers so getting a day off is almost impossible.Working with a cold or flu with 104% temperature is not uncommon.
1	Zero stars!  ZERO STARS!!!  I've never encountered such a beyond shitty delivery service.  WHO THE HELL DELIVERS TO A 9-5 OFFICE BUSINESS AT 8:00PM!?!?!They reattempted delivery 5 other times - at 8pm.  Hey, assholes - if we weren't open the first time, WTF makes you think we'd be there the same time the next day?I swear, I cannot wait to see this company go out of business.  I can't say enough how much I completely f**king hate them!
1	Why does Amazon.com continue to contract with this company?  They are destroying the Amazon.com brand one delivery at a time.  Whenever I get notice of an Amazon delivery via OnTrac I know that it will be late, and there is a 50% chance they will miss the promised DAY.  On a number of occasions they have reported delivering a package  at a time earlier than actual delivery,  Really, a delivery update hits my email at 8:30 PM and you think I didn't notice it wasn't delivered at the reported time of 4:00pm? a few occasions packages have arrived well after 8:00.  In one instance the package arrived after 11:00pm.  I am not surprised by the review saying OnTrac drivers have twice the stops of FedEx or UPS or USPS.  All the more reason why this company should be avoided by anyone who needs reliable timely delivery.  All the more reason Amazon.com should kill their contract with OnTrack.  Cause with OnTrac it is not Amazon Prime, it is Amazon within 48 hours of the promised delivery.
1	I ordered vitamins from Swanson.com.   They arrived today by On Trac.  The idiot driver could not bother to ring the door bell.  The moron left the package on the steps leading up to the front porch in plain view for someone to take it.  All he had to do was leave it on the front porch.  Still don't understand why the idiot never rang the door bell since someone was home in the first place.  I called their worthless customer service number to report the incident.  I am supposed to get a phone call from a manager regarding this idiot driver.  Just based on all the complaints I have read from others on Yelp, I will not be ordering anything else from Swanson if this is the delivery company they are going use. I am going to inform them that they have just lost my business because of On Trac. I wish there was a category for zero stars, because I would certainly give them zero stars for a lousy job.
1	Delivered a package from amazon. Left it on my side porch with no note on the door or call or anything. I just found it, 4 days later! And only because I got curious about where it was and checked the package tracking. Otherwise it would have been out there for another week.
1	I also bought through Amazon Prime. Package was shipped 2-day. Package did not arrive on promised day. I never heard anything from OnTrac, nor was I given their contact information. After checking my Amazon account, I found that OnTrac did not deliver due to 'excessive size of package'. Odd, I thought, as it was a 20" long 11 lb box.
1	This is the second bad experience I have had with an OnTrac delivery.  Both times I purchased through Amazon and both times I came home to "sorry we missed you" tags on my door saying that my package had been delivered to the leasing office of my apartment complex.  Neither times were the packages actually there.  If there were a way to request Amazon never mail packages using this company again I would in a heartbeat.  If you can help it, avoid using this company.
1	Sounds like I have the exact same experience as everyone else - package from Amazon.. not delivered. It was supposed to be delivered by Monday and I wait and wait all day and at 9pm it says will try again next business day. So I stay home again waiting and have text messaging alert me that package was signed for and delivered Tuesday at 4:30pm... really?! It said it was delivered to front door. I live in condos and there isn't a front door - I had left the gate code and phone number in delivery instructions so not sure why that was used. I contacted Ontrac and Amazon. Amazon refunded my money but Ontrac has not gotten back with me. How can they continue to stay in business?? I will not order from Amazon again if they ship through Ontrac!
1	If I could I would give this company NO STARS. They have delivered my package at a different location. They are claiming that the package was delivered to my house. Now, I have to fight to get my return back. I have called them three times and the driver does not have the decency to even come back and fix his mistake. Worst company ever. DO NOT SHIP WITH THEM. Use good old FedEx and UPS.
1	These guys will cost Amazon some business if they ever try to use them for any delivery to this customer again. No need to elaborate any further...just read the other reviews.
1	Updating my previous review... I still do not have Amazon Prime for the SINGLE REASON that OnTrac is the preferred shipper in my locale (Portland, OR).I have ordered maybe 4 items from Amazon (Way down from the volume I purchased back in the good old FedEx Prime days) ... every time the shipper ended up being OnTrac. Every time the shipment has been delayed at least one day. Twice, the delivery guy did not even try to find my office just a "rescheduled - other". You know who never has problems finding my office? Competent delivery companies.
1	If I could select a minus star rating, I would. I've been on hold trying to track a package for over 20 minutes (this time), this is my 3rd attempt THIS MORNING. I am a daily pick up customer and I've never had so many issues with them. Just two weeks ago they delivered packages that were intended for Northern California, instead they shipped them to Phoenix, AZ. Their customer service is HORRIBLE, no follow up calls and they were finally delivered 3 days later!!! They apologize profusely but nothing ever gets resolved. If I NEVER had to ship with them again I would be happy, but several of my customers use them as their carrier. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
1	I ordered headlights from Amazon. The package said it was signed for by fd at 8:11pm. Apparently this means front door, my front door said it would be ok. I live in an apartment complex, so i assumed as UPS and FEDEX drop the package off to the office if no one is home or if the office isnt open, take it back to the distribution center and deliver it during office hours, that Ontrac would do the same. No, they left it at the door and i arrived home to no package, not 30 minutes later. So either they didn't deliver it or someone is following the Ontrac guy and stealing deliveries. Amazon apparently will send me another, but im not sure i trust Ontrac to deliver it properly. I will try and make sure FEDEX or UPS delivers it but, luckily, i can send it to work which is open 24 hours, so it will be going there, where someone i know will sign for it, so it doesn't matter if Ontrac has to deliver it, or so i hope. I had just finished typing when i decided to do laundry. Let the words cool while i wait for Ontrac to call back, maybe, just maybe something happened that isnt so bad. The washer/dryer happens to be on my balcony. My second story balcony, with a 4 foot guard fence. Guess what i found. If the delivery guy/gal angled it just right, it would have at least a 4 foot drop. It was touching the door to the laundry however, so i think more force than necessary to clear the fence was applied. I stormed out of my apartment to go to the office and see if there was any way we could force these paint lickers to drop off at the front office only. I ran into my neighbor. He saw the whole damn thing. First thing that came out of his mouth after he said he saw the guy throw it, "man, i wouldn't do that, what if it was breakable." I don't think i could be more angry as im typing this.Here's hoping my lights work.Edit: I just realized that my front door said it was ok for Ontrac to throw my package onto my balcony. What kind of Dr. Seuss book am i living in. TLDR...Never ever use Ontrac voluntarily.
1	The item I ordered from Amazon, and paid extra for 1 day shipping, came from Fontana. It arrived at 7:12 AM the following morning in a city only 20 minutes from my home. The delivery time of 8:00 PM came and went with no sign of the package. After going online to check the tracking, we called OnTrac. The person who answered the phone could only reply to any and every question with these 3 words, "I don't know." There was no offer of assistance, even when we asked. I am absolutely NOT impressed with OnTrac's lack of service.
1	I guess all I have to say is, "Me too."  Like almost every other reviewer, I didn't get my package either.  The morning of my last day of work until after the holidays, Amazon claimed if I ordered it in the next hour and so many minutes, I could get it the same day.  So, I bit.Like everybody else, I wish there was a Black Hole Star rating that would indicate that all light and life had been sucked dry by this obscenely incompetent entity, whose rating should be negative infinity stars.Ontrac's, "Service Commitment Time," was, "by 8:00PM," three hours after work ended.  At about 4:30PM, I emailed Ontrac and asked that the package be dropped at the door if I'm not there since I needed to run some errands.  According to their website, they respond to emails within one hour.  I still haven't received a reply.I ran my errands and checked back at my office just before 8PM.  No package, no reply to my email.  I tracked the package from home about an hour later, and still, "In Transit."So, I complained to Amazon by online chat, who at first only refunded the One Day fee, "as a courtesy."  They also apologized and said that this very rarely happens.  I pointed out that no, they're refunding the One Day fee because they didn't ship it in one day, and that according to the shipper's reviews, it happens often.  At the mention of Ontrac, the guy on the other end of chat said, "I'm submitting an immediate refund for you."Yes, Ontrac sucks, but so does Amazon for using such a completely useless shipper.  Amazon obviously knows Ontrac sucks.12/31/13 Update:  I ordered the product with one day shipping from Amazon, and emailed OnTrac, on a Friday.  The following Monday, I finally received an email response apologizing for the delay and making excuses about high volume.  The email also stated that the package had been delivered to a neighboring office that day.  Tracking indicates that the package was signed for by the lady next door, so I'm sure it really was delivered.But, OnTrac still didn't do what they were supposed to do: deliver the same day.  Had OnTrac actually followed up with me in an hour, like their website claims, I would have told them to return the package since I wouldn't be at that location for another ten days.  But, they didn't respond, so I had to follow up with Amazon.  Amazon has already refunded me for the items.  Bonus for me, I guess, since I'll get them eventually.  Amazon should have canceled the delivery.  If they want their stuff back at this point, they can come get it.  Amazon needs to use reliable shippers if they don't want to eat the cost of failed deliveries.
1	No matter how stressed the drivers may be, it is no excuse for poor service.  I saw that a package I was expecting yesterday had been delivered, and it said "Signed by Fornt Door" - yes, fornt... There was no package. amazon.com refunded me the cost, but when I went to get another similar item, the cost had gone from $24 .05 to $33.91!!!  Shame on amazon.com for using this carrier!
4	Lot of negative reviews on here, but I had a very positive experience with OnTrac.  I ordered a package from Amazon like many others, but the seller shipped it late.  It was not going to arrive in time for my trip, and I was leaving at 10am.  I called OnTrac and they explained that they would try and get in contact with the driver, but he was not due to arrive in my area until around 12pm.  Lo and behold the package was on my doorstep at 9:30 in time for my trip (it was last-minute luggage).  Also, on another note UPS constantly deliver my packages to a wrong address down the street, but this has never happened to me with OnTrac.
1	Congratulations OnTrac, you were the business with service so terrible that it finally pushed me over the edge and got me to register an account on here. If there was a zero stars option this company truly deserves it. Like numerous reviews on here, my order was marked as out for delivery and then never showed up. When the package didn't show up by the service commitment time of 8PM, I contacted OnTrac support and was assured that the package was still out for delivery and would still be arriving on my doorstep any minute. Two hours passed and I decided to call again only to find out that delivery was never even attempted and that the package had been rescheduled for the next day. No compensation from OnTrac was offered. If you ever see OnTrac as the company responsible for shipping an order you placed on Amazon, cancel it.
1	On Trac allowed for someone unknown to me sign for a package.. I hope that person is enjoying my Amazon Prime Shipping package since I certainly am not.
1	OnTrac is the most disappointing delivery service I've never been given the option to not use.Unfortunately some deliveries with Amazon are automatically assigned to OnTrac and as a result I am left to deal with the hassle of encouraging the delivery driver to even make a remote attempt to contact me.Recently my packages have been listed on their tracking site as "Not home" though no attempt to contact me was made at all and I am left wondering how on earth I can ever receive them in an apartment building if they are not even willing to attempt to contact me.The silver lining on the cloud is that at least now I am able to see my tracking statuses updated on their website. Prior to this when I last had the misfortune of being delivered to by Ontrac their tracking showed that they were awaiting the package tendered from the company, all the while the package had already arrived at my place.
1	Never Again  in my life will I accept this carrier Again !!!!!!!!  5 times is enough for me being off by 2 - 3 days on doers that were paid extra  Never ever Again !!!!
1	I wish I read these ratings before using this company.First time I have ever used them for my business, and as of right now, no one can tell me where my package is, or why it did not make it to its destination on time.  They don't have answers, just want me to fill a form out.  Meanwhile, my business has lost money for this undelivered package.... the customer needs it today, not tomorrow.  Will never ever use them again.  Don't trust that anything you send with this company will make it.
1	what the heck!! says delivery at front door at 3.37...um i run a business...front doors were open till 6 pm...no such delivery..this also is a valentines gift..shizz! now what...called them the woman on the phone was nice...told me she was gonna contact the driver to find out what happened..so i sit here and wait...i guess like the rest of you..lol
1	I moved to the west coast aboiut 3 weeks ago from the east coast and as usual ordered on amazon.com assuming they'd use UPS or FedEx. I saw one of the shipments being delivered by Ontrac which I never heard of before. I checked the tracking online and saw it was being delivered to the front door. When I got home there was no package or any door tag. Just a lost package. I shipped 2 other items via UPS and was able to get those with no problems. I will never ship through Ontrac again but unfortunately I have no other choice if you ship through Amazon Prime
1	There have been several OnTrac deliveries to my apartment, and I was only home during this most recent delivery. The delivery person literally threw the package against the door to avoid both knocking and setting down the package. There was another time a delivery person tossed a package up over the fence on our deck so he/she didn't have to take it to the front office (we're on the second floor). We've also been out of town when a package came only to find it at our unit door! Thank goodness our neighbors are an honest few--I'm shocked no one took it.I'm kind of LOLing at their laziness, but whatever. It's not like us Amazon Prime users in the western states can avoid them. No stars for you.UPDATE: Although I don't blame Amazon for OnTrac's poor service, I called Amazon CS anyway to see if there was anything they could do. If you're a Prime user and have a bad experience with a certain carrier, the CS agent will put a note on your account to use your preferred carrier, UPS or FedEx in my case, before using OnTrac (for western states customers). I haven't received an OnTrac delivery since! Good on ya, Amazon, for responding to customer complaints, even when you're not responsible.
1	I've received several packages shipped through Ontrac before (from Newegg and Amazon). A lot of the two day orders that I place ship through these guys. Occasionally they call from the call box outside the building and I let them in, and they leave the package in the mail room. On other occasions, they leave it outside my condo building by the sidewalk where it could be stolen easily. I'm usually good about tracking my packages and I quickly pick them up as soon as they show up as delivered. My most recent order from Newegg shipped Ontrac and I didn't think much of it then. But this time it was "delivered" and left at a "leasing office". My building does not have a leasing office! And the tracking info says that it was delivered in a city which is 15 miles away from where I live.Looks like they lost the package or delivered it to the wrong place. After reading these reviews, I see that they may not have even tried to deliver it at all. I realize that I've been extremely lucky all this time. I guess with a reputation and service like this, something's bound to happen sometime and looks like it just did for me. No more 2-day deliveries for me. Shoprunner and Prime, it was good having you both, but now it's time to part.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Ok, ordered three urgent shipments of required computer components from NewEgg(with 3 day paid shipping mind you). First package was supposed to come by the 6th of the month. Got an update saying they needed the gate code to the condo's (ok, kind of understandable, though all the other carriers have never needed it). So they say the will deliver nest day. Next day rolls around and at the end of the day they update the delivery saying they could not deliver because the address is wrong. I called them and they said that the apt number had been cut off the label. So they say they will prioritize my shipment for first thing the next morning. (OK, kind of sucks, but whatever at least i'll get it first thing in the morning.) Next day rolls around and i'm about to leave for class at noon... No package, no update, no nothing. Get home from class at 6:00 pm. Nothing. So I call them. They say they lost the %$#ing package. At this point i open a claim with newegg and order some other parts and a replacement for the replacement that was just lost. OK. Let me just say that it is now the 12th of the same month and i still have no packages. To keep this from going on forever I will summarize the other two shipments. Second order had the gate code issue again then couldn't deliver cuz I wasn't there and then was lost in the same fashion as the first, despite me calling them on the morning of the first delivery attempt to confirm that they had the key code, and the full address (which they read back to me). Package is still lost. I'm supposed to get the replacement replacement package (third shipment) today. I have absolutely no doubt that they will F it up again despite me calling them last night and telling them painfully clear exactly what I want them to do. I am just going to stop this review here as I truly feel that i have justified the 1 star(zero desired) rating I have given.Why would any self respecting company would use Ontrac as their shipping co is absolutely beyond me and insane in every sense of the word.
1	On trac is the worst delivery company I have ever had the displeasure of working with.  Ontrac does not mean on time.  Takes twice as long to get things up from california that any other company. No Not USE these clowns.
1	I agree with the majority of the reviews here.  Brutal.  They must be super cheap because I don't know why any shipper would use them.I had a delivery person ring the doorbell while I was in the shower.  When I got out, I checked the front door and there was a piece of paper on the ground so I picked it up and guessed that someone must have tried to deliver a package as there were no boxes filled out on the slip of paper.   I immediately called the service center and said, "Your driver was just here, can you have him/her swing by again and deliver the package"  I never received delivery that day and then went on business travel for the next two days.    When I returned, I had another tag on the door and when I called they said that three attempts had been made.  I count two, but who can tell when there is nothing written on the note.After calling the service center, they told me that the package had been denied.  How is that even possible when I never was in touch with the driver?Awful.
1	Ontrac never releases my packages, even though I've given them instructions multiple times on how to get in the house. They do not answer their phone. They almost never answer their emails, and when they do it's days later with a curt one-liner.  I've started filing complaints to Amazon whenever Ontrac doesn't release a package. The more complaints I file, the worse it seems to get.Today, Ontrac left all three of my packages outside on a busy street, EVEN THOUGH they know how to get inside the house. I have given them the instructions to get in the house and even signed a form that they sent me saying that they will use the door code to get into the house and leave the packages inside the house. I was very lucky that no one stole them.It's at the point now where I can't even do business with Amazon anymore because Ontrac is ruining the experience.
1	I would give them -5 stars for being irresponsible. OnTrac apparently delivered my Amazon order and left it on my front door, in San Francisco, in a neighborhood with high foot traffic. I was told that the delivery driver "thought" that it was a safe place to leave it.  My thought is either that the driver stole it or that the person doesnt really care. Either or, this isnt the first time this has happened. On a separate order, they've claimed to have attempted a delivery on a day I was home and never heard the door ring, just left a tag on my door. These guys are completely unprofessional and hope that Amazon will wise up and dump these guys.
1	Time and time again, tracking shows as DELIVERED, package nowhere to be found.  Paid extra for Saturday delivery - can't be located until Monday at the earliest, if ever.  Avoid like a plague!
5	I don't know what kind of service people receive from On-Trac outside the Phoenix area, but I order about 3K a month in business products from Amazon.  If they are located in the Phoenix warehouse, I typically receive the item(s) the next morning.  I have never had a late or misdelivered item from On-Trac.  I will say the same is true for me with UPS and Fed-X as well, except in my market On-Trac is faster.  However, USPS is an entirely different story (and not a good one).
1	Yesterday as I was driving out of my track I discovered 3 packages lying in the middle of the street. I stopped my car picked them up and came home and called On Trac. I told them these packages had obviously fallen out of the drivers truck and made arrangements for them to pick them up and get them to their rightful owners.They assured me they would be here by 5pm.quite a long time since I found the packages and called them at 11am.  They never showed up. Called again this am and they said they would be here by noon. Still a long waiting time since I live in Huntington Beach and they have an office near by. Hope they show up and the rightful owners get their packages.
5	This is just for personal service I recieved. My boyfriend and I were removing a heavy ass treadmill out of the back of my SUV. We were clearly struggling, hence the difficulty.One of the Ontrac drivers saw us, backed up and helped us. I was so grateful!  It was around Osborn & 82nd in Scottsdale about 11. He was a young, tall, fit black man...just in case he gets accolades from his company. Wished I would have caught his name!
1	07/17/14 On Trac has repeatedly given us poor service. Our vendor uses them to ship orders to us at our business. This week, we were told they didn't deliver because our business was closed at 4:30pm. Our shipping and receiving is open until 5pm. When I questioned the driver the next day he lied to my face. We complained to his corporate office. Yesterday, they attempted delivery at 6pm knowing we were closed. It's 3:15 pm, the following day and still no delivery. They must have the worst drivers and the lowest cost delivery service.I would not use them if you wish to have happy customers.07/18 Update. Ontrac now reports on their website they attempted to deliver the package at 7:00pm last night. Really? 7:00pm. If we were closed at 4:30 one night, 6:00pm the next, 7:00 is the direction to go?
1	Another vendor, same results with OnTrac. Service Delivery commitment for yesterday 07/24. Just checked the status 07/25 at 10:25am, states they attempted delivery at 6pm 07/24. One hour after we closed. 07/25 received at facility. Not out for delivery, Not sure if we are going to get this package we needed yesterday. Called the 800 number to try to locate the package, indefinite, found out they deliver 5pm -8pm. This is stupid. Just spoke to OnTrac they don't leave until 2pm to deliver packages.  We can go pick it up ourselves if we want it now. Wow,  service with a "@#$%", Update 10:50 am, just got a call back from OnTrac, they already loaded it on a shuttle so we can't pick it up. They will call me with an eta when it's available. Called my vendors, told them no orders to be shipped via OnTrac will be accepted.
3	Ordered items on Saturday from Amazon with Sunday delivery by 9:00PM offered as an option. Got a notice that the package was on it's way and on time via OnTrac.9:00PM arrived and no package. Checked tracking info. and it said "Delivered at 8:25PM. Left at front door."Double-checked outside again just to be thorough. No package. Contacted Amazon via online chat and they said the package may still be on it's way. Sometimes the driver will scan the package as delivered even though they physically haven't dropped it off yet. Amazon said to give it 24 hours. If the package doesn't show up, Amazon would send a replacement.Went outside and checked the mailbox as one last option. No package. I then decided to check the video surveillance system I have set up and saw the package was now sitting against the front door.Reviewing the video footage, as I was heading back inside from checking the mailbox an SUV drove by. It then u-turned and backed into the driveway. Driver got out and spent a minute or so sorting thru the back seat. He then walked up and dropped the package at the front door. No knock, no doorbell. This was at 9:30PM.I'm guessing OnTrac does not use uniformed drivers in branded vehicles, but hires drivers as independent contractors who use their personal vehicles.Since delivery was promised by 9:00PM, I'm also assuming the driver scanned the package early to show "on time" delivery, even though it was actually 30 min. late.
1	This is the worst carrier I've ever had the misfortune to encounter. When Amazon started using them a while back, I ditched my Prime account, after having it explained to me that OnTrac was their "carrier of choice" for my isolated rural location. Deliveries were consistently late, sometimes by as much as four days, which made "2-day delivery" a bad joke, and the drivers often showed up at strange hours. Occasionally a package would not arrive at all. I told Amazon I would rather give up my Prime account than have any more items delivered by these incompetents.Most recently I had a series of packages from another vendor delivered by Ontrac, despite my specific request to the vendor that they NOT use OnTrac. On the last delivery, the driver ran over my small trash dumpster and crushed it flat, tore the wheels off, and then left without bothering to mention it. She now swears that it wasn't her. (There has been nobody at my residence for the past week except the OnTrac driver.) My attempts to have this situation remedied by OnTrac have thus far been an exercise in futility.I can purchase another dumpster, but my faith in this company has finally been damaged beyond repair (along with my trash can.)
1	If I could give them NO stars I would, unprofessional, lazy, good for nothing @ss drivers. Amazon is guaranteed to lose business using these guys.
1	Terrible service from delivery drivers.  I stayed home to wait for my package, and got a text that it had been delivered.  The driver never rang the doorbell.  Like most houses in San Francisco, there is no front yard, side yard, etc, just the gate or front  door right on the sidewalk.  There my package was, sitting out in front of my house, on the sidewalk, completely unsecured.  There was no attempt do anything but dump it there with no regard for it being stolen. I hate it when my Amazon packages ship from the huge Phoenix warehouse, b/c OnTrac is the worst delivery service in the US.
1	Ordered from Amazon and paid for 2 day shipping. Package was supposed to arrive Wednesday by 8pm via OnTrac. I called at 8pm and they said that the package had arrived at their facility at 3pm and they failed to mark it as same day. She offered to have me come pick it up from their facility and I asked what is the earliest I could come by. She responded and said she didn't know and would get back to me. I said ok and realized I had not provided any contact info to her for her to "get back with me". What a bust.
1	I ordered $65 headphones on Amazon.  Three days ago OnTrac marked it as delivered.  My BF, who was home at the alleged time of delivery, never received the package.  Our address lists our apartment number, and the driver could have easily buzzed our number and he would have let the driver inside to put it somewhere safe, but instead the driver either A) left it outside our building which is street level and it was stolen OR B) they kept it for themselves.  Either way it was marked as delivered with no attempt to contact us.This company is TERRIBLE and Amazon should cease using them immediately.  I am outraged that this is so commonplace with this company and Amazon still uses them.
1	OnTrac sucks.  Employees rude morons.  Sat on hold for 37 minutes and no help in the middle of the day.   Called vendor who chose OnTrac -- vendor gave up after 30 minutes on hold.  Finally get call back from OnTrac and supervisor actually whines "we're busy" when I complain about being on hold.  Driver claims he can't find my house on Thursday -- only delivery person in five years who can't find my house.  OnTrac website says that delivery rescheduled for Friday, only they don't even send the package out on the truck on Friday.   Tell me that my package will be delivered on monday.  By now, I've had my contractor in three different times to install items.   I insist on Saturday delivery, supervisor tells me they don't do Saturday delivery.  Liar.  It's an advertised service of OnTrac.  Eventually someone sneaks the package onto my porch late on Saturday without knocking or even letting me know it was coming.Never ever use this company.  FedEx, US Postal Service and UPS far far better.  Some of the worst customer service I've ever experienced.   Makes United Airlines and Bank of America seem downright coddling.
1	Ontrac is horrible, STAY AWAY!!! I am still  waiting for my package that was supposed to be delivered two days ago. They haven't even had the decency to alert me to the fact that my package would be late, it just hasn't shown up. DO NOT USE Ontrac!
1	Two separate packages from Amazon shipped via OnTrac.  Both were late.  One is still unaccounted for.  First tried the online web site.  Says package was out for delivery two days ago.  Phoned OnTac and she says she will need to page the driver and ask why he did not deliver it.
1	I've had 4 Amazon deliveries sent with Ontrac. 2 said they were delivered but the package was nowhere to be found and the other 3 are still "Out For Delivery". One being a package that was due today. The last one, still out for delivery, was due in February. That's 4 packages that never showed up. Begged Amazon to ship with any other carrier other than Ontrac. Offered to pay more for shipping even though I'm a Prime member but was told that they have no control over how the order is shipped. This most recent time I think I may have gotten a call from someone but the message was mumbled and when I called back the person didn't speak any English at all. HATE HATE HATE this company!!
1	awful.  awful. awful. awful. awful. I'm so sick of ontrac.  Consistently late.   A package was supposed to be delivered by 8pm. It's now 9pm still nothing.  I finally complained to amazon and asked them to exclude ontrac as a carrier from now on.  Drivers are late, throw packages, make excuses, or just dont show up.
1	I don't know how this company is still in business or why companies choose to use them as their shipping method.  Tracking is apparently useless when they don't stick to their ETA.  Called and spoke with a representative who stated he contacted the driver to let him know the package should be delivered by the end of the day  (it was 7:45 pm) and even "showed a supervisor" the message.  Didn't receive the package that day nor did i get a phone call, email or notice of any kind.  Checked the tracking today and showed as "Delivered" but still nothing was received.  Now i have to call and find out where my package was delivered.  This has to be the worst shipping service out there, if you have an option just stay away from using this company altogether.
1	They have ONE JOB!! And they are TERRIBLE at it.We have been waiting for a package to be delivered for seven days now. The tracking indicates many excuses from "wrong address"(its not) 2X, "redeliver on next business day " 3X, and "out for delivery" 4X.We still have not seen it. I have emailed and called and each time they say they cannot get ahold of the driver. So we're still waiting. Like I said, they have one job! I am baffled by their excuses and will not use them in the future. I have never had this problem with UPS or FedEx.
1	Unfortunately, these losers scored a contract with Amazon. Horrible customer service from On-Trac. Rude and argumentative. They go against everything that Amazon is about. Some, not all Amazon shipments are handled locally by On-Trac here in Phoenix. This is unforuntate. Hopefully Amazon smartens up and finds a new contract delivery service.
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would.Whenever I order from NewEgg, OnTrac delivers and always just drops the (very expensive) package off in front of my apartment unit door without so much as a knock.I ordered a product from Amazon and chose same-day delivery. The package was to arrive by 8pm, and I was home from 3:30pm onward. When 8pm came and went, I checked the order status. Apparently, the delivery driver stopped by around 7pm and did not even bother to come deliver to my apartment (the address listed), but instead stopped at the leasing office, saw it was closed (duh), and left without leaving so much as a notice. I still have not received my package. AWFUL service; WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD YOU IGNORE THE ADDRESS ON THE PACKAGE AND GO TO THE LEASING OFFICE WITHOUT EVEN SEEING IF THE RECIPIENT IS HOME?!
1	Ontrac are incompetent and they are liars. Every time I order from Amazon for same day or next day delivery, I regret it. Ontrac claims they made the delivery, but several times, the items never arrived. Or they came days later. This company is outrageous. AND AMAZON IS GOING DOWN THE TUBES IF THEY THINK THEY CAN USE ONTRAC AND KEEP THEIR CUSTOMERS HAPPY.
1	Imagine my surprise when I went to give these guys one star and they already have a one star rating. they lost yet another package for a top customer of mine, no clue where the 6 foot long box disappeared to but now my customers pissed and we have no package and they don't seem to really care. I got put on hold for 20 minutes when i questioned why there was no scan showing that it ever left AZ for calif. I called back and was told "my manager told me it shipped don't worry about it". 20 mins later they called back to our branch in AZ and said yea we lost it, don't know where it is.  I don't ever want to use them again. worst shipper ever !
1	Worst service.....i was in home....yet it was delivered...the package never reached me...hope Amazon.com never uses Ontrac anymore....they are the worst...should  lose their license to do business
1	If I could give 0 Stars I would.  Honesty, I only receive late packages from Amazon prime when Ontrac is used.  I live in an apartment complex and the packages are never delivered on time. The excuse today was that the "business was closed".  Thats hilarious because the complex does not close.  I was home all day and no attempt was made.  Again this is not the first time.  I will avoid knowingly doing any business with this atrocious company.  Amazon really needs to ditch these clowns.  I really hate that they give them business because they do not deserve it.
1	I sit here and wait. And wait. And wait. I waited on the phone with ONTRAC for 58 minutes before anyone even answered the call. The hold music was terrible. Giselle said she would call the driver and get back to me with a report of what happened. That was 4 hours ago. It's 23:30 now. I am such a sucker that I keep poking my head outside hoping it has come. After all, it was marked as delivered to "front door" 5 hours ago. Yes, I walked the whole neighborhood looking on peoples front doors to see if they had received it by mistake. Sadly, this is not the first time this has happened. This exact same thing happened a few months ago. Amazon sent a replacement, but that doesn't explain the disappeared item. I feel like a moron to keep going back to Amazon, when they so obviously don't care about their clients. Total dysfunctional relationship. I already cancelled my Prime months ago, and use them so much less. So now instead of 3 of 4 packages having delivery problems, it's every time. Goodbye Amazon. You used to be Amazing but not anymore....now I'm-a-gone. You can thank your friends at ONTRAC.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE! I ordered an item from Amazon on Saturday and paid for ONE DAY shipping. The next day I receive a text message from Amazon saying my package was on its way. Later that day I receive a message saying they attempted to deliver but I wasn't home so they would try again the next day. They lefty a door tag notice, too. I didn't know I needed to sign for a CD. Not to mention that I ordered it 1 day because it was intended as a gift for someone who was leaving on Monday. Well, in hopes that the package would arrive before we left to the airport, we waited home. I got another text message Monday morning saying the package was on its way. Later on, I receive another text message saying that "the package is undeliverable" and that I need to correct my address. Seriously? The address I have in my account to where all my packages from Amazon have been delivered is wrong?? No one has had a problem delivering my packages. Not even the ONTRAC driver who left the door tag the day before. I called ONTRAC and after being on hold for a long time, they told me that they will try again the next day since the driver was too far away at the time of my call. Also, they said that they can't prove that the driver was able to find the address the day before, because he failed to scan the door tag he left on my door. Additionally, the representative said that she ignores what type of training the drivers have and why they couldn't find the house. So, I give them specific instructions on how to find the house. Next day, Tuesday, I get another text message saying the package is undeliverable!! I had to contact Amazon on the issue. They will replace the package. Hopefully, they won't use ONTRAC this time! Unfortunately, now the package is too late and I will need to find a way to get it to the person who I bought it for.
1	Terrible service. This was my first (and hopefully last) experience with them. I ordered a gift for my spouse with our Amazon Prime membership, 2 day shipping. The tracking update said the product was delivered to our front door. I was home waiting for the package to be delivered. There was no attempt on the delivery person's side to knock or hand the package over to me. This lack of responsibility constitutes as terrible service. I have no idea where my package is, but hopefully I'll be getting a refund from Amazon.
1	This is the worst shipping company to ever use! My first time ordering with Amazon that has a partnership with them and the product does not arrive. Amazon stated that it was a guarantee that I will receive it on the day stated but it never came.I checked my online tracking and it said it was delivered and description stated it was handed to someone. No deliver man came to the house or knocked. Did he give it to someone else? I don't know. I called and waited over an hour to talk to a customer rep. They pinged the driver and said they'll call me back - guess what? No call back.So i contacted amazon about the issue and was only notified to wait another day. IF a carrier company has this negative reviews - You need to fire the drivers that are stealing these packages or who are not doing their job ON Trac with no accuracy at all.This company is shady! Don't trust them.
1	I've had packages shipped by OnTrac for years (never by choice), and they are nothing if not consistent.  I have never received a package on time when shipped via OnTrac.  All of their deliveries have been late, some only by hours, with a delivery guy ringing my doorbell at 10pm after my son has gone to bed, to days or sometimes weeks late.  I don't understand why any vendors still use them. When I see an OnTrac tracking number, I know for sure that's one shipment I'm not going to see for a while.
1	Ordered an item through Amazon and selected same-day shipping through my Prime account and showed it was being shipped via OnTrac.  Package shows "delivered at 8:39 PM" to front door.  I was home at that time and there was NO delivery.  According to Amazon, sometimes the delivery driver "accidentally" scans a package as delivered and I need to wait 24 hours and then they can re-ship. Why is this carrier offering same-day delivery if they are not even going to attempt to deliver the package on time?  It is incredibly dishonest.  After Amazon's rep contacted them, they admitted it is still on the truck and hasn't been delivered.  So same-day delivery for them is really 2-day delivery.  This company needs to be shut down.  All bad reviews.
1	do not use any vendor who ships with this company!!!!without a doubt the worst customer service ever.took over three hours four a human being to answer,no call back .second try took two hours she said she was going to contact driver ......48 hrs.later nothing.beware!!!
