5	Best dry cleaner in town. Unbeatable service. Competitive price. Local family business. I drive a few miles out of my way but it's worth it. Faster service and on Site cleaning. They carry my finished clothes and hang them in my car. Very nice service.
5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas I always come here to get my clothes cleaned. (You know how spilt drinks and cigarette smoke can be on your clothing!) I usually like nice decor with amenities but don't let the business park setting scare you. When it comes to dry cleaning this place is unlike most; you see most dry cleaners don't actually do the cleaning on premises. They need to ship it out to some place to get the real work done so no quality control, longer time to get it done, etc.So it makes sense that it's in a more industrial setting because they do the cleaning right there.. which is probably the reason they do quick turnarounds, great prices and excellent service (if you have a special request they'll get it done).And to reiterated what the other reviewer said, it's a local business!Thanks Tops, you're the tops!
5	This is a wonderful find. The local couple are so nice and the prices reasonable. I highly recommend this place.
1	I found this business by looking at reviews on Yelp.  I couldn't be more disappointed.  Yelp rates this business as inexpensive.  Not at all the case!  I dropped off 13 pieces for dry cleaning that would have cost me $1.95 a piece at the cleaners I had been using but was further away than I wanted to continue driving.  I got the shock of my life when I was handed the bill when I picked up my clothing 2 days later: $58.14!  The owner commented , "too much?", as she handed me the bill. I agreed with her and told her what I had been paying elsewhere.   She simply shrugged and stated she was not a dollar cleaner.  I informed her that she wouldn't see my business again.  Her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.  My mistake?: I should have asked what they charged before I left my clothes.  BUYER BEWARE!
5	This place does great work, pricing is inexpensive and the turn-around time is better than I was used to.
