3	Nice staff. I am always stunned as to how much it costs to ship things.
2	Though staff seems friendly, they are not knowledgeable about shipping valuable things, how insuring a package works and completely overpriced. I used their services to ship a sewing machine. They charge $25 to put it in a box and wrap it with bubble tape.  I was charged $136 for postage and insurance (though not enough insurance to cover the machine if it broke while shipping because she didn't know how).  I felt that I was paying way too much but was in a time crunch so I accepted and left (did not get an actual copy of any shipping forms because she said she had to keep all copies including the one that says "customer copy"). Once my package arrived my feeling of being overcharged was confirmed.  Of the $136 I paid for postage and insurance, it only really cost $77 to send. Upon contacting the owner, I was told there was no error and the +75% markup was the retail price because they have no affiliation with UPS and thats how they earn money to stay in business.  Had I taken my package to the US Postal Service  up the street at Cave Creek I would have gotten better service and paid over $50 LESS for my shipment. I would give this store 1 STAR because of my experience and feeling that they are extremely overpriced and "shady". I gave it 2 STARS however because the item that I sent, did arrive in 1 piece and in the amount of time I was promised. Just feel bitter that I was so severely overcharged for their services. Won't do business here again. Would recommend using the USPS or the UPS store at Bell and 32nd St - haven't had any issue there before.
3	Most of the staff are friendly and helpful and the store offers a lot of different services, including key cutting, mailbox rentals, and photo-copying, though it is a very small shop.I have a mailbox here and fairly consistently get mail that's supposed to go to an adjacent box.  When I report it, they always say they'll ask the distributor to be more careful, but I can't say I've noticed much change.  I wonder how much mail of mine has gone to another box?The main complaint I have relates to the cost of mail services.  GASP!!  Holy crap!!!  Be prepared to pay a premium.  They are overpriced, as also noted by several other reviewers.TIP: For US Postal Service in the same shopping center, visit the Hallmark Store to the west.  They store itself has the worst service ever (see my review), but they have an in-store postal branch outlet...at least for now.  That may change when the USPS goes belly-up...
1	Would give a zero, this Indian lady wants to talk on the phone more then help customers and was quick to say "my computer is down" popcopy!
3	Not cheap, but friendly and efficient - open on a Saturday with good hours and location...no complaints.
1	Arguably the slowest ups store I've been to. Took 9 minutes for one employee to ship one box and 8 min for the other employee to ship a letter. It was kind of amazing to watch. If there's any other ups near you, try it.
1	Regularly visit UPS locations all along Bell Rd as I have a small painting business with my fiancee and often ship express tubes with canvas in them. This location is by far the worst experience we've ever had with UPS. We had our tubes and canvas ready to pack on site and only needed to borrow some packing tape to get everything together. We were told by the owner that "it would cost us" and he pointed to the wall behind us where Scotch packing tape w/dispensers and rolls of thicker tape with out a dispensers were hanging. Fine. We don't usually expect to have to pay for tape since every other store offers it for free for people to pack items themselves. We decided to grab the roll with out the plastic cutting dispenser since those have had a history of breaking in my experience. We turned back around to ask to possibly use their more heavy duty dispenser but the guy had disappeared into a mail room. We called to him a couple times, "Sir?...sir??". Nothing. A little louder and I woke him up and got him to come back into our ongoing conversation. "Sir, we'll buy this roll but can we use your cutting dispenser?" "No. No, I can't allow that. Those tapes have cutting dispensers there." We could tell this guy clearly didn't want to give us an inch of courtesy and the reason was unclear. We were nothing but pleasant to him. We placed the roll back on the wall and left. Obviously this guy gets so much business he doesn't need us to ever come back again as customers.
3	This store is small and a little cramped. The lady who helped us was nice. We got notaries from her. The charge was $3 per person. I hate the idea of paying for a notary when my bank does it for free but I was grateful to have this option since the bank was closed the day I needed one.
