4	Hidden, Tasty and Friendly.
5	Yum, stop by this place to pick up some delicious pulled pork sandwiches on your way to/from the market.  So good.
4	Co-owned by Bernadette Houde aka Bernie Bankrupt of the seminal Montreal electro act Lesbians on Ecstasy and Penny Patterson, this chill corner store / diner seats about 30 in the summer and 8 in the winter, serves what is perhaps the world's best veggie pulled pork, stocks a great selection of organic snacks and hand-stapled zines, and continuously reinvents itself as a multi-purpose art experience. Featured in New York Times T Magazine - http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/03/pulled-pork-and-performance-art-in-montreal/
4	Went today for lunch after hearing very good reviews from friends. It did not disappoint. I had the special which was a lemongrass beef sandwich with Kim-chi. It was so good! my friend had the pulled pork that looked really awesome. Although, I've REALLY thirsty ever since. The atmosphere is very laid-back casual but clean. Waiters were great. Very friendly and checking up with us often to make sure everything was good.I will definitely go back again.
5	Best pulled pork in the city, hands down - including the vegetarian version, which is delicious! They also make a fantastic iced coffee and have a super charming little patio in the back, which is the perfect place to spend a sunny Saturday morning. The kind of amazing in-between place that makes me adore Montreal. Just don't all go swarming the place, because this is my favourite neighbourhood spot!
5	Just wanted to say thank you for having a booth set up at Osheaga. A place where apparently not eating meat is the hugest imposition ever.  I couldnt do another pizza cone or overpiced dagwood sandwich by the third day and you guys saved me. The vegetarian pulled pork was my first time trying fake pulled pork but it was great. I dug the extra stringy/chewy texture since most fake meat isn't as "hearty." The bun and dressings also added a nice presentation to it. It felt like I was eating a super manly and substantial sandwich, which is not often something you get when ordering vegetarian sandwiches. (see: every place that has a "vegetarian" option which means scattered un-seasoned roasted vegetables on a piece of bread.)
5	Lunchtime might be busy here but I enjoy the hustle and bustle of sitting at the counter and chatting with the chef while watching my food being made. Once you're a regular here, you'll get treated like family. Try the powermade in the summer: a delicious homemade hibicus iced tea, or try one of the best iced coffees in town (add your own sugar and milk! tasty espresso! ) During the week, if Michael made the soup of the day, always order it, he's amazing at it. Best breakfast sandwich ever: your choice of ham, bacon, cheddar or veggie ham, a fried egg, your choice of bread (including corn tortillas) lettuce, tomato, mayo- but they'll always let you add things for a few extra cents (i say do bacon AND cheddar, make the mayo chipotle and add hot peppers). This place is loud but friendly- if you're in town and you don't know anybody, here are some very sweet and funny people who will make you feel like you're among friends.
5	One of my two favorite breakfast/brunch/lunch places in Little Italy. When I go, I often get the veggie pulled pork (AMAZING, and tastes almost identical to their meat version), but have tried many different things, all consistently good. The breakfast crepes are delish. Its just a really good place for breakfast or lunch, lots of outdoor seating in the summer, and a great atmosphere. They keep it real with good vibes.
5	You know how heroin addicts always need their next fix? Well, I kind of feel that way about Le Pick-Up's faux pulled "porc". It is seriously the most glorious thing sandwiched between two buns. I am actually salivating as I write this and cannot wait until the next time I sink my teeth into it's edible deliciousness. The best part is that it's not tofu that they use but jack fruit for their "porc". Where they find jackfruit, I'm not sure. One day I will take the time out of my day to find out but for now I depend on Le Pick-Up for my fixture. The staff is always friendly and they have fridges full of cool drinks like Curiosity Cola and what not. I like Boylan's Ginger Ale which they keep in stock. I could shower in it.There are other sandwiches as well, but unfortunately I know nothing about them so its for you to find out. One of my friends swears by their tuna sandwiches and it runs out fast so best go early if you wanna dig into this fish sandwich.Side note: A lot of people think the faux pulled "porc" is vegan but there is mayo in this sandwich so its best to skip the sauce if you wanna keep it "ethical" for all you vegans out there.
5	On my first day in Montreal, having done my research, I dragged my resident friend to Le Pick Up.Oh. My. Goodness.Admittedly, I've been a vegetarian for most of my life and as such have never eaten pulled pork before. I'm not really sure what it's supposed to taste like, but if it tastes anything like the incredible faux pulled porc I had here, then I certainly understand the hype. It was so sweet, sour, tangy and spicy. Amazing flavours and perfect crusty bread at a good price. Not to mention, babely eye candy behind the counter taking your order and serving up the goods. The tables outside are a lovely addition to this kitschy neighbourhood deps.I will definitely be back here before my trip to Montreal is over.
5	Are you a vegetarian? Do you like delicious sandwiches? Of course you do. Go here. Eat all the sandwiches. Veggie pulled pork. Grilled Halloum. Breakfast sandwich with veggie ham.I'm sure it's delicious if you're a meat eater too, but I don't care about that.Bonuses - cute atmosphere. lovely staff. also a dep, for all your snack/beer/minor household needs.
5	As long as you don't mind feeling like the hipster you know you are, dear Yelp reader, this place is awesome. We were staying in the old town and Ubered out to this place for lunch because we had heard good things. It was well worth it. Awesome pulled pork sandwich, awesome hallumi sandwich, awesome lemonade and pleasant seats outside. Lots of talk at the table next to us about getting some "studio time" to "lay down some tracks", so in addition to having really good sandwiches, Le Pickup must also be really cool.PS, there's a bike station right next to the shop.
5	Great neighbourhood joint. We keep going back and back. I've had many things on the menu, and it's always good. Great service, great atmosphere and great food.The veggie pulled pork sandwich is a dream. My favourite sandwich in the world. I get cravings for it, I go, and am never disappointed. Please note that I'm not a vegetarian, and still prefer the veggie option. It's just so good. Oh, and they'll serve it on corn tortillas if you want to switch it up sometime.
5	Wow! Everything was fantastic--it may be an off-beat location, but definitely worth the effort.
5	The pulled pork sandwich is awesome. I've tried a couple of pulled pork sandwiches all over the US and surprisingly, this place takes the cake. Well balanced with pickles, mayo, pickled banana peppers and cole slaw...crunchy yet airy bread...It was great. The Pick-Up also sells a small variety of ginger beers, which was a big plus for me / a wonderful surprise. If you're in this neighborhood, you MUST try it out. Plus this place is a stone's throw from Jean Talon market, I recommend visiting both in a single outing.Price: $7.50
5	Hells yes to the faux pulled pork sandwich! The only real issue with being a vegetarian is that I always feel left out while my friends have a big meaty paw of a sandwich and I am stuck with what looks like cat food from a tin can smooshed between two lame pieces of bread. Thanks to Le Pick-Up, I too can now have a huge 'meaty' sandwich in my paw! The chipotle mayo and banana peppers provided a nice kick and the bread was perfection: toasted and delicious. My meat-eating lunch mate couldn't get over the texture of the tofu, said it was exactly like real porc. The staff here are friendly and fun, the tunes were cranked and we scored a picnic table right by the door. I love this place! Bonus: the cookies and lemon bars are divine and they have a huge range of condoms available...why? Who knows, but hey, you can never be too careful!
5	i know the place is freaking awesome! i love the place but i always forget to review it. maybe its because i want to keep it to myself. well, free of tourists ;pplace is a diner that looks like the kind of place you'd drive by in the nevada desert or on your way to mexico city. or maybe the kind of place guy fieri would go to. you know, a hole in the wall that does good food.so, i've had their faux pulled pork, that turkey sandwich, the good old cold cut sandwich either on bread or croissant, their lamb burger week entry and probably other items i'm forgetting.besides the lamb burger that somehow got dried, the rest are that good!the faux pulled pork needs no introduction besides its one messy sloppy delicious sandwich. see, vegetarian food doesn't have to taste like they just harvest it and rinse it under water.. the faux pork is made with jackfruit. i know the recipe but haven't been able to find water brine jackfruit instead of the syrup one you find at most asian grocery stores..as for the turkey sandwich, its like that christmas store in old montreal. holidays all year long! what's not to love? those christmasy flavor together in your mouth *drool*no comment on the cold cut sandwich. its a good old plain cold cut sandwich. simple yet satisfying.besides the food, there's the dep part of the place with the regular fare you can find at most convenient store except that it carries better and most definitely healthier food related items.don't let the place turn you away. it may sound like a hipster place but its really not. you'll meet all kind of people depending on the day and time of your visit.
