4	Service is fantastic and they have equipment catering to hikers/backpackers, mountain climbers, rock climbers, mountain bikers, kayakers, or just your average camper. By far the best outdoor store in the Valley.Prices aren't as cheap as something like Sierra Trading Post, though REI does have an online outlet store if you are looking for cheaper. Either way, this is best place to get your outdoor equipment.
4	I have mixed feelings about REI. I used to sell outdoor gear for Popular Outdoor Outfitters (now defunct). When we didn't carry something a customer was looking for, which wasn't often, we sent them to REI.  REI is the destination in the valley for high-end outdoor gear. However, their prices reflect this. I really like the REI store-brand gear. It's durable and the price point is pretty good. Anything else in the store, however, has a larger mark-up than you would find elsewhere. If you're looking for something you could buy elsewhere without trying it on, shop around online for a better deal. Their dividend program is nice, though. REI is technically a co-op, meaning you can pay a one-time fee (20$ nowadays) and sign up for the dividend program. You receive some percentage of your purchases back as a dividend to spend in the store. They also have a Visa card which lets all of your purchases feed into your yearly dividend at a lower percentage. They issue dividends in the spring, just in time to get geared up for the new season.New info: I was digging through my dividend packet, and it turns out you can actually get your dividend in cash. See the store for details.
4	I recently purchased something from the REI website, and it shipped free to the Tempe store. (As with online purchases which can be tricky,) The item was too large for me and I was able to return it to the store without any problems or hassles. The staff is super friendly, and the only reason I don't give them five stars is because the store is somewhat small compared to other outdoor goods stores, which means a more limited selection. Online may be the way to go without worrying about return shipping... or heck., shipping fees at all!
5	I've been a loyal R.E.I. customer for years. I've shopped at several different stores across the country and consistently had the same positive experience. They've got the highest quality gear for hiking / biking / camping / rock climbing and more. They've got knowledgeable and helpful employees. They've got customer friendly policies. And yes, they've also got higher prices - but here you actually get what you pay for. Last but not least, they've got a sweet membership program, which for a one-time fee (currently $20) gets you special offers, rental discounts and an annual dividend equal to 10% of your purchases.
5	I love this place and shop here often. I'll tell you that the reason I stick with REI over other places (including Cabela's which is closer for me) is because of the no nonsense return policy. I know some people take advantage but I don't. If I see something here and it's comparable elsewhere, I buy REI everytime. Whatever's not in the store, they can get me ASAP. I love this location, I love the people who work there, and I'd recommend it to everyone. I also have compared prices (because ppl complain they markup too much), and I really don't see it. Every now and then, but if I get some boots for $100 somewhere and REI has them for $125. If I buy them online for thr $100 and they die in a year, and I need new ones then I have to pay another $100. If I get them for $125 at REI and they die in a year, I get a new free pair of boots (usually the next model and upgrade).And you can't beat their garage sales!
2	I visited REI on my lunch hour to pick up a couple of outdoor flash lights. The store has a nice selection of about anything outdoorsy and from previous conversations with their store clerks, the employees are very knowledable. They offer clinics that some of my friends have taken advantage of and found them to be very informative. Looking at the many available options of flashlight a clerk asked if I needed assistance and when I said no, she didn't bother me again. I like that. The displeasure of the excusion occurred upon check out. The cashier was very friendly and asked if I was ready. She rang up my purchases and asked if I was a member of their co-op. I was not. She asked if anyone had explained it to me previously. Yes, but I don't shop here often. It is a one time fee and it covers you for life. That's okay, not interested. She continued to tell me that my purchase today would cover a good percentage of the fee. Still no. After the final dismissal, her attitude changed. She swiped my card and instead of handing it back to me, tossed it on the counter. She tossed the pen beside it. Very directly she asked if I needed a bag. Yes, please. She took the flashlights and dropped them into the bag individually and tossed the bag on the counter. Very nice. Lose the attitude, sister.
4	REI has a fantastic selection of everything under the sun for you outdoor needs. Their prices are higher than big box chains but what I like about REI is the fact that their staff is extremely knowledgeable. I'm willing to pay a little extra to know I'm getting the right product and service to go along with it.When I backpacked through Thailand last year, there was no other place I'd think of going besides REI for my backpack and gear. One of the staff members guided my fiancee and I through the process of choosing a backpack and fitting us. Had I chosen to go to another store, I know for a fact the staff wouldn't have a clue as to how to fit me properly or been able to teach me how to adjust the complex straps so it would sit properly on the body. Their return policy is 100% no questions asked, at any time, and I enjoy their co-op program you can sign up for. Basically you pay a one-time nominal fee and each time you purchase items, a certain percentage comes back to you at the end of the year in the form of a dividends check. Sounds good to me! Since you have to fill out personal information to join this program, I inquired if they sold my information to any 3rd parties and the insisted they do not. Well, this is the reason they don't get 5 stars. To be quite honest I was peeved because a month after signing up, I received the first of about 4 different outdoor catalogues all addressed to me. I had never purchased from any of these retailers so I was puzzled as to why I was receiving them. After calling the various 800 numbers on the back of each catalog to get myself off their lists, I asked them how I got on their lists. Each company informed me they got my information from REI. BOOOO!My fiancee called their corporate office to complain but they gave a basically B.S. response that tiptoed around the fact that they DO in fact sell your personal information to 3rd parties. Had I known that I would have given an incorrect mailing address.I do still continue to shop here though and recommend it to anyone wanting great service.
4	We live in Tucson and are patiently awaiting our very own REI, but saw the very expensive BOB stroller was 20% off. We were able to call and pay for the stroller over the phone and they held it for us to pick up. When they wheeled up the stroller we noticed the handle bar foam had already been mangled. Apparently this is a fairly common problem due to the way they are shipped. Needless to say, we didn't want to take home an already damaged $300 stroller. The manager came out and gave us a few options, on how we could remedy the situation. (They didn't have any more of the color we wanted in stock) The mechanic began looking at the stroller and decided he could probably take apart the stroller and swap the handle with another from a different color stroller. Sure enough, 10 minutes later we had the stroller we wanted. Everyone we dealt with were extremely helpful pleasant.
5	I heart REI.I also heart the cute men that work at REI.  :)But seriously, they sell quality gear, and clothing.  I am not a fan of things that are basically disposable, and REI stuff is built to last.  I have bought gear at REI 10 years ago that i am still using.  That is awesome.  I am a member so i get a credit at the end of the year, that is rad too!
4	How can you not love REI? I'm not really sure what type of personality that would be. Probably insanely boring. REI has great gear for hiking, camping, all sorts of sports and you can't beat being a member.The store in Tempe is pretty clean and fairly close to my house. The staff for the most part has always been helpful aside from the one time I was told something I wanted didn't even exist (yet it was available online).I have to lower them to 4 stars because there's been so many times I've had to order from REI online and have it delivered to the store because they didn't carry what I wanted.
4	My dad used to shop at REI all the time, albeit complaining about how expensive they were.And they're certainly not a discount outdoor store--if Popular Outdoor Outfitters hadn't been run into the ground when it changed hands, REI might look positively expensive.But their prices aren't horrible, and the service, selection, and knowledge are hard to beat. Whatever your outdoor predilection, chances are REI Tempe has it. If they don't, nearly anything REI carries (including REI Outlet inventory!) qualifies for free in-store delivery and takes only a couple days to arrive.The real key is in membership, though: $20 buys you in as a lifetime member of the co-op. As a member, you get 10% of your purchases back at the end of the year. At that point, REI competes with or even ends up cheaper than many outdoor discounters. Combine that with an exceptionally generous return policy, and it's rare I shop anywhere else for my outdoor gear.REI stacks up especially well against the newfangled "destination stores" in my opinion. Cabela's and Bass Pro Shops are nice to go wander through and look at stuffed animals, but they're a pain in the ass to actually shop at. At REI, I can be in and out with what I needed without wandering a mile through a mile's worth of merch or fighting for parking.
5	I'm a novice at outdoor activities, but that doesn't mean I don't like them and I don't like to be properly prepared for them.There's a bakers dozen of sporting goods stores in the valley but somehow I always end up at R.E.I. Why?  Quality, quantity, variety of products and friendly, knowledgeable, helpful staff.  What I can't find at other places I can find here.  And aside from products they also offer classes for different outdoorsy type things like map reading or using a GPS.R.E.I. is the one shop stop for outdoor activities.
4	I mostly buy mountian house and other camping foods from REI, they have a huge selection to choose from, including biscuits and gravy. don't expect 5 star restraunt food, but on those long days at a Military range Mountain house beats the pants off MRE's not to mention you could eat 3 mountain house meals and be about where a MRE is. I've been drooling over several other items at the store, I'd like to go backpacking sometime and they have tons of little things that could make things a little more tolerable for either Military operations, or camping/ backpacking.
4	This place is awesome. We bought a bicycle here. The staff was so knowledgeable and helpful. I even did a test run around the property on the bike which was great so I could decide if I didn't like something etc. One thing we would have appreciated help on was putting the bicycle in our car. It was a tough one since we have a sedan and also a car seat, but we figured it out finally. Just wish someone would have come out and helped us. They are way pricey than other places and I would not recommend getting your accessories from here unless you must of course.  Check out what you like there and then order it someplace else or wait for a sale or something. You could drop some serious dough in this place. So tread lightly.
4	This is my REI of  choice in the Valley.  Mostly due to its proximity.  But I have been coming to this location since I lived in the wilds of Northern AZ and would make my way into the valley on the occasional escape to socialize.  REI was my decompression chamber of sorts  before I hit the mall and then hit the town....Four years later I am back in AZ and actually living in Phoenix and this REI is my goto place to look for everything from quality outdoor gear or practictical quality clothing.
3	Let me start out by saying I love REI, I'm a former employee and a member for the last 8 years.  I'm giving the REI in Tempe 3 stars simply because of their selection, or lack thereof.  The employees are fantastic and much more laid back at this store than the PV store which I like; however the last few times I've been in to purchase something specific they just don't have it and I've been left disappointed and frustrated.  The store is probably the smallest REI I've been to out of 4 states(AZ, NM, CA and CO) so they just don't have the room to stock even what seems like 50% of what is available online.  If you are looking for bike stuff just go to PV. My boyfriend even mentioned the last time we were there about how small the mens clothing section was.  I went in last year to purchase the new surefire headlamp and they didn't even carry it...had to drive up to PV.This store is great if you are looking for those last minute camping supplies (food,fuel) or ordering online and picking it up there but if you are looking to make a major purchase (backpack, tent, bike) just save yourself the trip and head to the PV store. I hope one day soon REI will move this store to a better and bigger location.  They should have moved over to Tempe Marketplace.
3	REI is such a cool store.  I love the idea of them but really, unless I had a very very large expendable income, I just can't justify the cost!  They do have great quality products, a friendly, knowledgeable staff and unique buys... sigh.  This location in particular is a lil small compared to all the CA locations I'm used to... but is still packed with goodies.  I don't know if AZ REI's are just smaller in general but it makes more sense for them to be bigger as the real estate is cheaper here. lolOh well.  I tend to come when I'm looking for gifts for people who have everything they want already.  And they did give this pregnant lady a freshly baked cookie. kekeMight see you here!
5	I really like this REI because of the knowledge and friendliness of the store employees.  They are all very friendly and eager to help.  I do think REI is a bit pricey, but they can't be beat when they are running their close out sales.  Thanks REI for my awesome hiking and camping gear!
5	One of the really cool things about REI is that you can rent stuff.  Another cool thing is their selection of books, specifially on Arizona.  And one more cool thing is their staff, they're pretty knowledgable yet not all up in your face and following you around everywhere.I would say that REI is one of the more expensive stores of it's kind.  But that's also because they have quality products.  When I find something I really want there I'll check out other stores to see if they have a better price and usually, they don't even carry the product I'm looking for, REI is unique that way.  I bought some gear here for my Grand Canyon backpacking trip - everything held up and I was well prepared.
1	Very rude sales person on the floor very rudely told my three year old child that riding the child's bike that was on display was not allowed and physically stopped her from doing so while myself and my husband were standing right there. She did not offer any assistance and rolled her eyes when I displayed my disapproval of her talking down to my child. Will not be returning to this location and possibly REI entirely.
3	I love REI, non rei products and services.  I buy 90% of my gear there.  The reasoning for the 3 stars is the following:  1.  REI brand gear is terrible and have had nothing but problems.  2.  I recently decided to try their 100% satisfaction guarantee policy on a backpack that has given me a lot of issues.  The employee gave me a guilt trip about how much they lose when I return, interogated me on my issues with the backpack....that said, very knowledgable staff and everything need for outdoor gear.
5	I don't go here as much as I used to, but love this place. I have been a member for over 20 years. The Tempe store is smaller than most, but I can find everything i am looking for here.
4	i've always loved going to REI, wherever i've lived. over the years, i've even done several international trips with them, including everest and kilimanjaro. as with all REI's, the staff is super friendly and helpful and extremely knowledgeable about all things outdoors. the give me tips on the latest reviews and what they hear other customers saying about certain gear/shoe choices. the only downside is that REI runs on the more expensive side. sure, a good tent, backpack, sleeping bag, etc is never cheap, but for some of us, a wal-mart car camping tent will have to suffice with regards to budgets. still, this is a great store with great staff, and i will always enjoy REI.
4	I could spend all day in REI, it's like a grown up ToysRUs to me. Huge, high quality selection, extremely helpful and experienced staff, plus their awesome twenty dollar for life co-op... fantastic place. Whether you're taking the kids fishing or going on a week long hike up a glacier, they've got what you need.
5	I've got a bit of a love/hate relationship with REI.You see, I really love this place. They've got great products. They have sales all the time on things which are already very fairly priced. They always have what I need. And I've become friends with a lot of the staff, because... well, they're just awesome people and I see them outside all the time, using and abusing the very gear that they're selling.So why do I hate this place? Because I spend way too much money here. Seriously. I have to force myself to stay away. It's rare that I'll walk out of here spending less than $100. I see one thing that I need... then think of something else... then see another toy... and before I know it, I've forgotten what I originally came for and picked up 10 other things.So I guess what it comes down to is, this place is almost too good for its own sake.
5	I have been buying gear at REI for years and have never returned anything, EVER.  I bought a pair of 5 fingers and loved them, at first.  I hiked Torrey Pines, Joshua Tree, South Mountain, Camelback, Squaw Peak and Perlata in the.  I had them about 3 weeks and realized on Squaw Peak that my feet "slid" inside of them.  I bought the wrong size.  I went back to REI to buy the right size, as I never thought they would return them.  A guy, who is a teacher during the day, worked in the shoe department suggested I return them.  I said, look I have logged 20-30 miles on them already and he said, as long as they are not destroyed, we will take them back.  We want you to be perfectly happy and we must have sized them improperly.  I was stunned.  I found that REI didn't have the correct size in store so they ordered them for me and shipped them, at no charge, to my doorstep.  The employee even talked me into a different pair which actually put $23 back into my pocket as well.  I already was, but consider myself a customer for Life.  REI is worth every penny.
3	Doesn't compare to other REI's I have been to in CA/WA/OR. I don't care to come to this location because the staff has a general aloof attitude about them that I don't care for. And it doesn't help when I, as a customer, have more product knowledge than some college kid who works here to make ends meet. I don't have the patience to purchase my gears online for the fact that my experience requires me to see my mountain climbing gear in person and test it out to avoid any hassles later on.  On their defense, however, I will say that I got a few good deals using my memship card. $25 for a lifetime membership goes a long way.
4	Overall, a fan of REI, and this location has always served me well. The employees have always been nice and helpful and, of course, I'm a big fanatic of the co-op aspect. I've spent a good amount of coin at REI, like a lot of people have, and I've even considered getting a side job here just to supplement what I'm spending. That would just get me in trouble though.So I'm finally writing a review after spending countless hours in this store. Why finally? I don't know. There's really nothing I'm gonna say that hasn't already been said but I had a really great experience this past week that I wanted to share. The tent I've been using for 15+ years finally busted on me. I want a new tent but it just ain't in the budget, not the one I want, at least. So I decided to rent one from REI. Picked it up Friday and dropped it off Sunday. I had rented a really decent 3 person tent, with footprint, easy to set up, for 19 bucks. Total. I was surprised how economical it is to rent a tent. TENT RENTERS! hahaha. I guess I'm one of them now! I buy shoes, flippies, clothes and bike gear (a sh*t ton of tubes) from this location and every time is a pleasant experience. The only thing that sticks in my side, is the price of some of the shirts they sell. I mean, who is spending $60 on a shirt that's gonna get faded/stained by the Arizona sun and if they're lucky, ripped to shreds, cuz they're doing something really awesome and exciting?! Hmmm....I'll take it!!
1	Terrible CS, will never go back! Beware of terrible service. Bad attitude. Would not honor REI's return policy.  I will take my business to a store that treats me right. They make you think you are part of the CO-OP by buying in, what a joke.  I have been a member for over a decade and they have lost a loyal customer.
5	Definitely good for the outdoorsy type. Last time I walked in, I saw a golden retriever being fitted for a doggie backpack by a staff member. It was cute! I was looking for bike gear and someone offered some knowledge about bike lights and reflective gear. I almost bought the wrong color reflectors for the back of my bike. I was going to buy yellow stickers for the back, when red is to signal the rear of a cyclist. Thanks for saving me on that one! They do seem to get busy, but every time I have been there someone has tried to help me. Prices are kinda high, though. I have been tempted to sign up for the rewards plan.
4	Shopped here many times, always helpful and have most items for outdoors that I need. Really like the variety of sleeping bags. Can be expensive at times so I do recommend shopping around.
5	REI - a virtual candy store for the outdoor enthusiast. REI most likely doesn't have the lowest prices in town, but it doesn't matter. The staff is always incredibly helpful. We have bought everything from backpacks to hiking boots there and every time a staff member spent 10 or 15 minutes talking to us about what we interested in doing with the equipment as well as our experience level. No one has ever tried to up-sell us.
5	I've already reviewed REI before, but this is my review of the one in Tempe, Arizona. Again, I love this place. I recently bought a ski mask/balaclava for snowboarding in Denver's REI. I used it once but didn't like how it fit my face, so without any tags or receipt I go into REI to return it. Bam, no problem, here's your $ back on your credit card. They seriously have one of the best customer services around. I also like the website as well b/c they have more items that some stores do not carry. Give REI a try and become a member!
4	I'm not a camper.  So when I was invited to go on a 4 day camping trip, I stopped by REI to help me out.The sales staff here we extremely helpful.  Since I never camp, they suggested that I rent the equipment.  They set me up with a tent, sleeping bag, and pad.  It was perfect.  I paid for my equipment 2 months ahead of time, then picked it up the day before we left on our trip and returned it the day after I returned.  When you rent equipment, you only pay for the days of your trip, not for the pickup/return days.By renting instead of buying, I was able to save hundreds of dollars.Thanks REI!Return Factor - 100% If I go camping again...
2	Normally, love this store & have been a member for decades, but was very disappointed with the woman who "helped" us last Saturday in Women's Clothes. She has horrible customer service skills. Told us that, since there weren't any listed on the website, ALL REI's were sold out of a parka I'd tried on 2 days prior at their store. You mean to tell me that your location sold 10 North Face women's parkas in 48 hours when it's 80 degrees outside??? This was after she's told us they'd just shipped all their winter stuff to Denver the previous day. Never offered to call the other store & ask them to hold a jacket for me. Instead, she claimed all REI's were sold out of the black jackets b/c the website only showed blue & squid red. I explained that the website hadn't shown black inventory on the same day I'd tried on the coat at their store (according to her, it should have shown up on the website inventory) She still claimed all stores were sold out. Never mind, I bought it online from one of your competitors and it was cheaper too.
2	A friend of mine decided to pay 20.00 and get a lifetime membership to REI in order to take advantage of their REI Yard sale they have once a year where you can get gear 30-70% off retail price. Sounded like a deal so I signed up as well. Day of the yard sale there was a huge line waiting to be let into the "Yard Sale Area" which consisted of about 12 tables full of items and they would come refill them occasionally. However, if you were not one of the first 10 people in or you weren't interested in used shoes you were out of luck.The first 10 people in took the giant camping packs and scooped up ALL of the camping gear into it whether they needed it or not, it was a free for all with people packed in like sardines. I found an air mattress that may or may not have a leak I have yet to test this, however that is what the tag said.After staying in the sardine can for about an hour I finally decided to take my air mattress inside, they have camping gear during the sale, so they must have killer gear inside.I go inside and the sticker prices were astronomically high. I am sure you are getting good quality items but for someone who goes camping maybe once or twice a year I could not bring myself to pay full retail on the items they were asking for. I would rather go to Kmart or target and get what I need, heck even Cabella's has better deals.I hear that the Paradise Valley location handles their Yard Sale differently and takes in groups at a time. Since I have the lifetime membership I will scope it out at least once. All in all unless you are going to be back packing all over Europe or living in the wilderness, go find your gear some place cheaper.
4	This is an excellent place to go for all of your hiking/backpacking needs.  I have got a couple of daypacks (Osprey and Gregory) from here and both are wonderfully made.  The staff are always friendly, helpful and funny.  Also, if you are looking for ultra light and/or compact items..they have many to choose from.  Spend the $20 and become a life time member.  You only pay $20 once and you receive 10% back at the end of the year....and then you get to treat yourself to something when you get your divedined. There are also additional benefits for REI credit card members.  I believe you get additional 5% back on the net REI purchases and 1% back on non REI purchases. Compared to other outdoor stores..their prices are very reasonable.
5	We broke a hiking pole and expected to ppurchase a replacement set. Instead, Jeff. A remarkably knowledgable and effective customer service rep offerred to repair the pole. Minutes later, he returned with the pole in like new condition. Great customer service!! In the end we purchased an additional pair of poles as well. Count us as very satisfied customers!! REI ROCKS!! Thanks again. Jeff!!
5	REI. Five stars every time. They are not a Sports Authority cookie cutter store. Much more friendly than a Cabellos.  Top of the line equipment, staff is well trained, courteous, and friendly. They are a co-op so get a membership and enjoy annual dividends.
5	Anything and everything for the gear junkie.  If they don't have what you want it's a great idea and thought generator for what you're gona want for the future.  The staff is useful for the weekend warrior but as you become more experienced you become accostumed to what you want and find the super tech geek in the store to help you out. HAHA.  Overall the store is super fun to just browse in fiddle faddle with gear you'll only use when your roughen' it!
4	This is an excellent outdoor outfitter.  They have hiking boots, backpacks, cold weather gear, sleeping bags, and assorted tools and toys for outdoor stuff.  This is probably my favorite place for such equipment.  I bought my last pair of boots here.This time I was returning a hydration bladder.  I had hoped to make it work with my camera pack, but I couldn't do it.  So REI took it back, no muss no fuss.Also, their sales people are generally friendly and knowledgeable.  So far whenever I show up there is someone in the store who knows about whatever I need.Definitely don't go to Walmart or other big box stores.  They're cheaper, but they're cheaper FOR A REASON.  When you're out in the wilderness all you have is your equipment.  Cheap can be very expensive in that situation.  Come here and get the good stuff you need for your activity.
2	---For Mountain Bike Service---Brought in my mid-90s Giant -- was feeling and hearing bearing noise when I cranked, so in my first investigation of service at REI, I described the problem to (signature scribbled) J Kaly. He told me the service person would take a look (first problem -- always talk directly to service people, if possible). It was returned with overhauled bottom bracket and the same feeling & bearing noises.My best experiences to date have been at ASU's bike CO-OP and Dominic's.My worst experiences have been both Tempe Bicycle at Rural & University (since 2013 began) and now REI.
2	I ordered a dog bed online and after a month they inform me it is not available online.  No problem.  They sweetened the message with a 20 percent off which worked for a pair of shoes I found already on sale.  What a deal! I ordered them, got them delivered to the store to find they are too big.  I then asked the manager if I could exchange those for a similar pair, which was about 1 dollar more.  He set up the order then charged me 7 dollars.  I asked if I could apply the discount that was offered to me.  He said no because the discounts cannot be used on sale items.  I said I used it on the previous pair of shoes, which were on sale.  He then said he could not do it because "then it would be applying it again and again..." or something of that nature which made no sense.   I finished the transaction not wanting to argue.  I  then realized the stupidity of doing business with someone who obviously does not value me as a customer and went back for a full refund.  I realize this seems trivial but from the start he was rude.  If he was friendly and open as most (if not all) the associates at REI the whole situation would have been different. I am returning the other items I ordered on the original order as well. Customer service means everything to me. I can find those items somewhere else. In the past REI has gone ABOVE AND BEYOND to serve its customers.  I am not sure where they got this guy or if he is having a bad day or maybe I hit him wrong. It is too bad I will do business elsewhere in the future.  I do not want to do business where I encounter such attitudes.  I wanted to add that everyone else I saw in the store today was VERY NICE and a pleasure to do business with.  It is too bad I am not sure what happened with that guy....?
3	I've never heard of this place. My friends and I had to stop here before going boating to pick up an orange ski flag. They have a nice store and nice selection, but no ski flag. We asked for help and the employee was lost in the sauce and had no clue what we were talking about. After explaining it to him over and over he finally understood and told us they didn't have any. Oh well, no big deal. The store is still pretty cool, but honestly I'd probably go to bass pro shop or cabelas before I'd come here.
2	I don't mind paying extra for great quality gear, but if the service sucks, it's not worth it at all. Been here twice, and both times, the staff was just tepid, borderline rude. I frequent the REI in Paradise Valley because I've never had a bad experience there. Everyone there is much nicer, in my opinion.
5	I found so many good stuff for my Costa Rica trip! I almost thought I wouldn't be able to grab any of the good stuff before leaving Seattle and the amazing flagship store. I found rei in tempe from a friend. I bought most of my essentials such as a gopro rechargeable battery, permethrin wash for clothes for bug repellent, citronella spray, a bandana, and concentrated sea to summit wilderness wash...good good stuff. Although I did come in with the intention to purchase a set of Nikon monarch binoculars. They ended up being $350 dollars, 100 bucks more than amazon and most online vendors are selling so I opted for the rei versions that came out to 189. Almost half the price and very comparable. The service was on point and now I'm a lifetime member!
4	REI is always full of staff that knows the products, is helpful, and all without being pushy. We went in to ask some questions about bike maintenance. We had our questions answered without ever having anyone try and push us into a pair of new bikes that just aren't in the budget right now. In the end, we tried someone else to do our repairs but will keep REI in mind in the future.We've bought shoes and camping equipment from REI stores. And the garage sales CAN be worth the trip of members. The last garage sale I went to at this location is the only reason I'm not giving this store a 5. That was a clusterfu... clusterclump.
3	I feel like customer service here can be a hit or miss: really great or pretty bad. The first time I came here, I was lucky that I received individual help/attention for almost an hour while I was learning about product(s) I was interested in buying. When I came back days later to actually make a purchase, the store was quite understaffed and so there was nowhere close to this kind of attention; all of the few employees (non-cashier) were already occupied with other customers. The cashier I had seemed a bit impatient when answering my questions about membership, which I bought anyway due to the great service I had the first time here. Based on my first experience, I would say the staff is very knowledgeable about the products and if you're a true beginner like I am, you should definitely seek their advice if you can get a hold of someone.
2	This place is great for last minute things when going out for a weekend adventure but it's not the size of the store or the selection they offer that bothers me about this location...it's the lack of customer service. I've been into this store multiple times and have never been acknowledged. No "hello" or "can I help you find something?" I've been in, looked for what I wanted, waited for assistance, and have walked out every time without making a purchase or speaking to an employee. That's not good customer service....anywhere.
1	Prices were out of this world high.  We walked in looked at pricing on just a couple items that we have been looking at and their price was so high and so out of line we both just turned right around and walked out.  I dont mind paying more for something to have it now but they take their  high prices to another level.  Just not that impressed with them.
4	REI is Awesome. Yes the prices are a little more spendy than other places you can buy outdoor'ish products. But honestly if you are looking for quality products as well as friendly & knowledgeable staff look no further! This visit I was sent to pick-up two cots (REI Comfort Cot) that my parents purchased. Wow, these cots are insanely comfortable. I am not a camper really but i would consider going if i could sleep on one of these things while braving the wilderness. I look at it this way, you get what you pay for. If you want quality products, they come at a premium. This place has beginner to expert equipment and covers hiking to snow gear and everything in between. Because of the wide variety and excellent staff I will keep coming back here for years to come.
5	REI is an outdoors lovers dreamland.   I could spend my entire life savings at this store.  They have everything that has to deal with the outdoors.  The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful on every level when it comes to their products or your adventure.  You can't find that kind of service when you buy something online.
1	Bottom Bracket was feeling loose back in October, so I had a look and realized very loose -- took it in to ASU bike Co-op only to be told the bolt should be replaced -they suggested last person to touch it likely stripped it in effort to secure. Last mechanic to see it was REI tech.10 foot pole ...
1	I've had two such experiences at REI that have made me questions their hiring practices. One, when asking for a book about waterholes canyon the sales person assumed I knew nothing about climbing or canyoneering then proceeded to say something long the lines of that it is people like me who are worsening the permit situation on the Grand Canyon. The second situation was when purchasing a bike for a 6 year old who can ride without training wheels. Asked to put them on anyways because the bike was big for him. The clerk argued with me about not putting them on and then was heard saying "what is this shit" while walking away. Other than these two negative experiences I have found that a bunch of ill experienced chads with lots of clinic experience run the show here.
4	Cool
5	The store is great but this review is on their classes.I've taken 3 classes through REI. Wilderness First Aid, Dutch Oven Cooking, and Nighttime Navigation. All 3 were awesome!! The instructors were great. They were very down to Earth, personable, professional, friendly and willing to take the time to really help and answer questions. I can't say enough good things about the instructors.The classes were very hands on. For Wilderness First Aid we spent 2 days doing real world scenarios outside with fake blood! For Dutch Oven Cooking we spent several hours using Dutch Ovens over hot coals in the parking lot. We each made a recipe and at the end got to try everyones dish. Once again, very hands on. For Nighttime Navigation we met at a local trailhead and spent 3 hours learning how to use a map and compass during a night hike. I took a navigation class through a competitor before but their class was indoors. Being outside and in a real world environment really helps and makes things more fun.Also REI goes above and beyond. With each class they provided additional material to use afterwards and the instructors gave out their contact info to answer any questions after the class. At the end of our hike for the Nighttime Navigation class they had root beer floats waiting us. Very nice touch!If you want to learn more about the outdoors I highly recommend REI's classes!!
4	The customer service offered by the staff here is great! Can usually get all my questions answered and then elaborated on. Clean store. Items that aren't in Stock are hunted down and sent to purchasers.Just wish things weren't so expensive. You get what you pay for, right?
1	First off, let's talk about the employees. I walked in and walked around the entire store twice with only one person even acknowledging that I was there.  They didn't even ask if I needed help, just a simple hi. It's not like they were overly busy, but everyone else seem to only care about the music that was playing on the intercom or going about talking with each other.The prices are outrageous. I looked at something online and like the price. But when I went into the store, all I could find was the price tag and it was much more expensive and listed online. Again I couldn't find anybody that was willing to help me to find out what was going on.Overall, I would rather go to Walmart. At least I expect to be treated poorly there. And it comes with the free freak show with "Everyday Low Prices".
5	Went to REI to scope out hiking gear for training for the Grand Canyon.  This is the store for that.  There is every size backpack for any situation imaginable.  The accessories and everything I will need are there I'm sure of it.  Every category I browsed had so much selection.  Are you familiar with the telescoping hiking ski poles people use on trails?  REI has so many different ones that I wish that I took an inventory count to tell you.I have to go back again and talk to the staff.  This was just a scouting visit.  I went in for hiking gear and left with swim goggles -  decent display of those too....Lots of inspiration for activities at REI.
5	I feel like I used to live here but life has changed to a degree more or less. Still, this is a great store for outdoor equipment.  The sales personnel are very well versed in the equipment as they all tend to be involved in one or more outdoor activities so when you purchase here it's like you get a personal recommendation.  Can't beat that.  Highly recommend; plus when you become a member you get specials plus a dividend based on your spending there for the year.
3	I have purchased less and less as time goes by.in the past I probably purchased a couple of dozen walking and hiking shoes and boots and my favorite sandals. They are beyond repair and no longer available but I keep them. I also purchased a lot of socks and some are really great qualaty. Come to think of it, everything purchased there has been of quality.
2	I love REI, but recently had a disappointing experience.  I bought a new Novara mountain bike in October, rode it one time, and the shock adjustment lever broke off. I took it in immediately hoping that the part could be replaced quickly so that I could get back out riding. The customer service and repair time was so disappointing!  There was no communication on how long it would take to repair the bike, and no one ever called back with repair status, even when I called in. I patiently waited and finally called the Store Manager after over three weeks and complained. Amazingly, I received a call within 30 minutes to say the bike was done!! Don't be in the bike business if you can't take care of your customers in a timely manner!
5	First of all, this location is awesome. Went in here to pick up a jacket and Caleb (I think that was his name) was really helpful. I've been meaning to get a membership every time i come here but never have until now. When asked if I had a membership I was told about all the benefits and sales and decided to sign up, thankfully the membership paid for itself after my first purchase. A little more expensive than other similar stores but much better customer service!
5	Did someone say, "REI?"  :)Love this place for ALL my outdoorsy needs!  Although many might say it is quite pricey there, all their products are of very high quality & durability and suites everyone from the novice to the avid hiker, biker, mountain/rock climber, camper, kayaker, and even equipment our little ones!I like the fact that they give back to their members in the form of dividens.  REI has many sales & clearances to advertise.  Their staff are not only friendly & courteous, but very knowledgable.  If they cannot give or find the answers you seek, they will make sure to send you off with something to follow-through on.  Enjoy the outdoors!!
5	My husband and I came in yesterday to buy a new hiking backpack for me. We had the great fortune of meeting Jeff who not only helped me find the best pack for me but entertained us the whole time. The entire team at REI was fantastic. We even got treated to fresh baked cookies. Billy and Erin provided excellent service up front as well. Next time we're in AZ we'll definitely head to REI for any of our outdoor needs.
4	I have shopped at REI Tempe for 30 years.The staff and service has always been outstanding.Recently I returned a pair of hiking shoes that had suffered catastrophic failure.Even though the manager had no obligation to warranty the shoes for me, he gave me a new pair.The quality of their products and the pricing is very competitive.
