4	I've been going to Fancy Nails for mani/pedicures  everytime i come to Las Vegas for the past 10 years and have been through three owners.  Each time it has been consistently good and reasonably priced.  A mani/pedi is about 30 dollars a bargain considering it would cost 65-100 on the strip.  There a a few women and a few guys here, it seems the guys have a followingof clients for fake nails and what they call "fills" as they seemed to know everyone who came in.  The place is nice and clean, the folks are friendly and the price is right.
1	I really really hate leaving bad reviews but sometimes they are well-deserved.  The only positive thing I can say is that the ladies who work here are nice.  What was not nice is the completely jacked up gel nails I got when I stopped here on a whim when my regular lady at Luxury Nails was booked.  The bed of each of my nails had crazy white streaks all over when she was finished. When I pointed it out and asked what the heck it was, she acted like there was nothing there.  It was really noticeable so I don't know why she thought this was the best way to handle it.Then the entire staff came over and examined my nails and the lady who seemed like the owner explained that it was my crappy real nails.  Yes.  I have crappy real nails, which is why I get gel in the first place!  But I have never had this happen and I've had gel nails for months.  The suggestion was for me to have each of my nails buffed down to paper thin status and re-apply the gel.  This was done with only some improvement.  I left with my nails looking like complete garbage.  They are not even filed right, so even if I was going to buy the argument that this little situation is somehow the fault of my genetics, it does not explain not even filing the ends properly.  Do NOT go here for gel nails!
5	I love Fancy Nails. It is my GO-TO Nail place.They shop is located in a shopping center near Sahara and Decatur. The owner's name is Jennifer and she is really sweet.I like to keep my nails really short (so I can speed type my Yelps) and the aestheticians here never mind me asking if I can get them shorter. If I bump my nails or dent the polish (which is all the time) they fix it for free. I also like my acrylic thin and Yen does it right, every single time. And she's quick!You can do walk-in or appointments.They offer a full range of spa services at decent prices. Waxing, facials, pedis, manis, airbrush, and gel.The shop is clean and tidy and had a nice Vietnamese flair. Whenever I leave here, my mind sings, you FANCY, HUH.Wanna get Fancy, this is your one chance and they won't let you down (or Reba)!
4	Found this place because of reviews on yelp. Didn't wait too long, service was friendly and quick.  Would come back
5	i came for a weekend to celebrate a bachlerotte and decided to come in and get my nails done. i absoulutley love them ....this will be my to go place every time i go to vegas now ....
4	Good prices, 2 pedi's and a mani was $63 (with the callus removal upsell), pretty efficient, and not too chatty.  That's about all I need in a nail place. :)
5	I am a loyal customer. They do a great job all the time. My nails never lift no matter how bad I need fills :) Johnny does a great job & Jennifer does my nail art always havecomments from ppl saying they love my nails. I wont go to any other nail shop in vegas its worth me driving across town.
1	The owners of these place should pay more attention of how some workers act very  disrespectful to the clients, very bad service and too much ego from upthight worker specially the big asian guy
1	This shop does not even warrant a rating. I called on a Monday morning. Explained to the guy on the phone that I was looking for a new nail lady. I made an appointment with the owner Jennifer on Tuesday evening for a gel manicure. When I arrived on time she comes out then passes me off to someone else. Said she was too busy. Which she had no clients and was just sitting there. I explained my previous bad experience at another salon and she said Victoria would take good care of me. Victoria was nice and My nails looked decent when I left. not 24hrs passed and three nails chipped. Then I went back Wednesday night and showed Jennifer the nails she said she would fix then passed me to another lady who proceeded to drill my nail to remove all the gel. I told her to stop and explained it was soak off gel. The lady did not understand. Jennifer identified the commotion then came over. I explained the drill and she told the girl. I was so frustrated at this point and Jennifer finally agreed to correct and work on me. I told her to forget it and I would do it myself. All my nails broke and chipped. I was so disappointed with the experience I had. I am a loyal customer and just wanted quality service. I will never patronize this store ever and would advise anyone seeking quality to look else where.
5	I love this place everywhere I go I get compliments on my nails  even from guys
5	I've been going to fancy nails for years. Jen and Johnny do an awesome job. Timmy does the BEST PEDIS ever (you'll be hooked). I highly recommend this place. Not only are they good they are also reasonable. Entire staff is knowledgeable and prompt. Love love love this nail shop.
5	I'm very picky about my eyebrows it has taken me years to find someone that Keeps them nice and arch and thick . In desperate need I thought id give them a try and best decision ever made! Jennifer is amazing at eyebrows I can't express that enough. She is the only one I trust with them and I've been going to her for over a year.
