4	Okay, gotta write this quick... I may pass out...I went to ASU when the old Stan's Metro Deli was on Mill. Loved that place. But it went away like so many good places on Mill, and I moved on.So I was shocked when I saw a sign for Stan's on Mill driving in to work this morning.  A mirage? An illusion? I had to know, so wandered in for lunch and found out today was their grand opening.I tried their #1, a triple decker combination of gastrointestinal destruction that puts both pastrami AND corned beef together on rye.  Oh yes, oh sweet yes.  They were a little crazy on their first day, breaking in a new staff and menu, but they got us all taken care of.  The #1 is now a happy memory, and the...sleepies are... coming... so good, but sooo... mmmm...zzzzzzzz....
4	With Sucker Punch Sally biting the big one in just a few months, I'm a bit cautious to give my heart away to another new place on Mill. I don't want to get burned again.That said, we gave Stan's the opening day try today. It was definitely... opening day. The staff was friendly, but everything was a bit chaotic as they're still getting their sea legs under them.Our sandwiches came out with the wrong bread on them, but that was quickly addressed and taken care of, no big deal, and our waitress Lindsay was extremely nice. While things were a bit crazy, everyone was making sure we were taken care of, and we had management and waitresses alike visiting regularly to keep on top of things.I had the roast beef sandwich with lettuce, mayo, and provolone. The roast beef was nice and rare, and the sandwich was overall quite tasty. It was pretty loaded down with meat, which helps against the $9 cost. That $9 is about on par with Chompie's, who sells a sandwich loaded with even MORE meat for about $11 and a half for $8.The fries were decent, but definitely of the frozen variety, so nothing to sneeze at there. My friend had the pastrami on onion roll and seemed to enjoy it. He also took down a chocolate milkshake and a slice of chocolate cake that was massive and dense in a way few cakes I've tried are. VERY good cake. (Though they should track down the pie chef from Sucker Punch and have her come in for pie, as they offer none and Sucker Punch's pies were simply the best I had EVER had, ever.)I wasn't terribly impressed with my macaroni salad, but it's macaroni salad--I don't know where you go to make it fantastic, you know?I'm going to give these guys another couple of weeks to get the swing of things and give it another shot. They have a bunch of stuff on the menu I'm happy is in walking distance from my office, like a basic egg salad, grilled cheese, tuna salad, regular salads, burgers, pizzas, deli sandwiches, and breakfast served all day--no launching with a half or partial menu at all, which I take to be a good sign.The staff is very friendly and they seem to really want to hit the ground running. They're also open til 10 every night and til midnight on weekends, which is pretty darn wise of them. Rumor has it, they'll be adding some form of alcohol by September, so we'll see how that rolls. I'd be surprised if they didn't extend to stay open for the last call crowd once school starts up.Overall, a good experience with friendly people, and I'm betting it only gets better.
4	Having had some bad luck lately with the "sit down" establishments on Mill, we were hesitant to devote another hour (sometimes longer) to a new place - but were certainly pleased that we did. Having the lunch time breakfast cravings, we hit up Stan's had were greeted with prompt, friendly service from all staff members, including the enthusiastic catering manager and received our food in a timely manner, ordered correct, refills before we could anticipate needing them and split checks to round out the experience. The food was VERY good and they were very flexible on substituting when my taste desired french toast instead of pancakes with my combo - at no charge! My bacon was slightly burnt, but nothing is wrong with crispy bacon. A quote from one of our lunch crew "I will never eat the omelet at Sucker Punch Sally's after this" - I say quite the compliment. GO Stan's! We hope you hang in there for the long haul!
5	I've been to downtown Tempe a lot since moving to Tempe in 1994. I don't know how long Stan's has been on Mill Avenue, but this place is GREAT!! I took the light rail from downtown Phoenix and exited on Mill. I began walking south on Mill Avenue, craving a good submarine sandwich. I think I've passed Stan's many times, never knowing it was there. I walked in and was shocked that other than 3 guys sitting at 1 table, the place was empty. I was promptly greeted and I asked if I could get something to go. She handed me a menu, and I asked her recommendation between the turkey or roast beef. She recommended the turkey, which I ordered. What a sub! It was by far, one of the best submarine sandwiches I have ever tasted. The reason I was shocked that the place was nearly empty was this was the first week of school for ASU. As I said, I don't know how long Stan's has been open, but their quality of food is fantastic, and in the poor economy, I hope they make it. It's a great place, with a great menu and variety of food. They are open for breakfast, too.
5	Check this out...I JUST HAD A RUBEN FOR BREAKFAST!!!!! I saw the article about this place in the Tempe newspaper. We were already heading to the Healing Field at Tempe Town Lake9/11/10 and wanted to stop for breakfast. We had the dogs with us so choices were limited. My boyfriend went into Stan's and they let us sit on the patio with the pups. They serve their entire menu all day. I'm not a huge eggs and bacon kind of person so I love having something a little different in the morning. I ordered the Ruben and allowed Kelly the waitress (who was fabulous) to choose the side. The food took a little while to arrive. When it did...Holy Cow!!! My sandwich was huge and she brought all three sides so we could taste them all. That is great customer service! My favorite was the slaw, then potato salad. The food was fabulous and the staff was more than accommodating. The owner stopped by our table and chatted awhile. I will no doubt be back. Thank you so much Stan's for the wonderful start to my day!
5	I read an article about Stan's in the Tempe Tribune the morning of September 11th.  Anna M and I were looking to take the dogs with us to breakfast and then to the Healing Field Memorial at Tempe Town Lake.We got there for breakfast and decided lunch sounded better (especially at a deli).  Anna M had a Ruben and I had the "Gil's Grill."  The "Gil's Grill" was grilled bacon, avocado, tomato and blue cheese.  Instead of rye, I choose sourdough.  Okay, so with most sandwiches like this, you expect the kitchen to skimp on one ingredient or another.  Not the case.  Every last bite had every delicious flavor of the sandwich.  Bacon, Avocado and Blue Cheese, a true weakness of mine!Anna M asked our server, Kelly at the Deli (who worked for the original Stan's Deli 12 years ago) to choose one of the three sides to bring.  So Kelly brought them all!  Along with fries.  The potato salad, macaroni salad and cole slaw were each good.  The fries, I would pass on next time.The dogs were welcomed with open arms, and provided with ice water.  Great times and great food.  Thanks Kelly!
2	It was like some warped social experiment to see how long tables would wait to receive their order before cutting their losses and calling it quits. Maybe the Psych Department at ASU rented it out for an afternoon and we were the guinea pigs. Instead of going on a subjective rant, I'll try and let the facts of our experience speak:-We did not see our waitress the entire time.-Some guy took our order to "help out with the food order." He seemed like a manager since he was the absolute, only person in the restaurant moving quickly and with purpose.-We waited 40 minutes with a couple glasses of water and no food. -We flagged down a waitress (unknowing if it was ours or not) occasionally to inquire, and were placated to wait "just a little longer" each time.-Eventually, we had to leave hungry because it was a work day and we were under time constraints.-Two other tables that came in after us were served long before this 40 minute mark.Observations of how other tables were treated during this 40 minute tease (and it's grim):-A four-top next to us spent 10 minutes settling the bill, because of an mind-blowing break down in communication that resulted in black books going back-and-forth-and-back-again a ridiculous number of times.-About eight plates were sent back to the kitchen because the orders were wrong.-The hostess had a reuben with pasta salad and spent a couple minutes wandering aimlessly for its home, asking numerous tables if it was theirs. (Not the only incidence of this happening.)-We observed two other tables of business casual individuals leave before their food had a chance to arrive, for (what we can only assume was) the same reason that we had to.-The hostess had to ask a four-top of people that already had drinks and some food to move to a different location in the restaurant in order to accommodate another party that just entered.-People began to pile up at the door to be seated and had to wait it out. Some just left.-The hostess began seating people with the warning that "The kitchen is like, really, super backed up right now, so it'll be like, 30-40 minutes to get your food. Is that okay?" (Would have been nice to get that warning and avoid the experience.)-The wait staff just kind of ran around like (well-intentioned) chickens with their heads cut off. Lots of panic, not much action.-Several tables were left un-bussed for a pretty long spell.-There was one woman (seemed like management) that just kind of moseyed all over the place without doing anything other than fill a couple water glasses.-We didn't see the manager again. (Probably a good thing since the kitchen was so backed up, but placating a restless public would have been smart too.)Why I don't understand the clusterduck:-It's prepped sandwich ingredients.-It's prepped scoops of mayo-based salads on the side.-Or it's a quick fry drop away from a basket of crispy fries.-It's prepped salad ingredients.-It's prepped soups.-And it's breakfast items, which require a minimum of time on the grill: no elaborate egg strata or baked french toast here. I'm going to commit a cardinal Yelp sin here by saying the following, but I've worked at delis before. It's slop and drop. Something might require a bit of time on the grill, but for the most part, assemble and go. If you've been to Waffle House you've seen the breakfast version. If you've been to Miracle Mile, you've seen it deli-style. It's practically cafeteria line-order fare. For the prices of the offerings and the extraordinarily poor service, I just don't get why anyone comes here for lunch. (And it's only open for breakfast and lunch.)Get yourself some veteran hosts, servers and line cooks, Stan.(They get an extra star because I ate breakfast there once-- like most of the reviews on here-- and it was pretty good.)
2	Food wasn't bad... I've been in there three times now.  Love having a good breakfast place on Mill.  So why only 2 stars?  SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW.  The last two times I went, it was incredible how long everything took.  And while it wasn't insanely busy, the staff were literally running around... sometimes carrying full plates!?  Waited about 20 minutes after sitting down to get that "Has anybody helped you yet?", and then it took well over an hour to get any food.  If they would just tell you at the front counter that the wait was over an hour, I'd be fine with that.  Pretty much exact same experience 2 times in a row, but like I said I'm a sucker for a breakfast joint.  Maybe 3rd time is the charm?
2	Not sure where Stan is from but where I'm from, a Deli is not a restaurant.... it is a deli.  Minus 1 star for deceiving me into expecting a legit Deli to appear on Mill.minus 1 Star for not understanding what no cheese and no mayo means.There are many places we have from where I'm from that has the gimmick of 3 pieces of bread.  They are called diners, not delis.  With only 3 other tables needing service I also expected a more attentive server that saw my tea was empty or notice that we needed more napkins because mayo and cheese occupied the original ones. Even the thank you from the owner/manager was delayed, we were 100ft down the street when he hollered at us.  Hopefully they get it together, I do like independent spots on Mill, but I'm not so sure about a non-Deli Deli being the answer.
3	Good service, pretty good food, long wait for your meal.Went here for a late breakfast and our waitress was apologetic and mentioned that our meal would probably take 20-30 minutes to make because they were backed up with orders in the kitchen.  They brought out a fruit plate for free, which had fresh, sweet pineapple and melon, to tide us over until our breakfast came in, which was nice.  I had ordered an iced coffee, and when it came out, I was confused because it looked like iced tea.  Turns out, it was just really watery coffee with ice cubes in it= blegh.  Our breakfasts were both hearty, fresh, and flavorful.  Portions were large.  I had the corned beef hash, made with freshly torn up pieces of corned beef, onions, and potatoes, and poached eggs.  The rye toast that came with it was very nice as well.  Usually I pay no attention really to toast that comes with my meal, but this toast seemed better than others, since it was perfectly grilled and had the right amount of crispiness.  Prices were ok for breakfast considering the amount of food we received.  Generally everything on the menu is less than $10 for breakfast.Would I go here again?  Maybe, if I'm in the mood for deli food or a sit-down breakfast and I'm in the downtown Tempe area to start with, but I probably wouldn't venture out to Mill Ave. just to eat here.
2	I meet a friend for lunch at Stan's Metro Deli on 10/13/2010. We chose Stan's becaues it is next to impossibe to get a good Reuben in metro Phoenix and Stan's claims to havea "great" Rueben. The first thing I noticed after being seated was how loud the restaurant was. At 11:40 AM and with only 7 tables/booths with customers, it was a strain to talk over the music and television. When the place filled with lunch customer, ten minutes later, the din was like a sports bar at/on Monday Night Football. A classic reuben has corned beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut and russian dressing and grilled between slices of rye bread. Those ingredients are a given. My so called reuben was missing the swiss cheese and russian dressing. So back it went.to be reunited with all ingerdients.Taste wise,  I can only say that it was an "OK" Reuben. Granted they did not skimp on the corned beef but other than that it was tasteless. I could not taste russian dressing nor the sauerkraut. If Stan's improved the quality of the dressing and bought a sauerkraut with crunch and flavor, their Reuben would be much better.   Very disappointed in Stan's. I would give it a 4 out of  10. The service while good, was also overattentive, I did not need to be asked " how are you guys doing", 7 times.
3	Came here after not wanting to kill my battery or waste gas. Seated quickly place had a few people. It was a gorgeous day so I wanted to sit outside. Ordered Mikes eye opener and sub'd fresh jalapenos in place of green peppers. Egg whites, tomato, jalapeno, avocado, wheat toast and home fries. The cheese(Swiss) really made this plate. It was bland but I really enjoyed the flavor of the cheese. Jalapenos were perfect medium. Home fries were made with onion, seasoning and they were cooked perfectly. Not too bad. This place is mediocre. Menu was rather large and displayed a huge selection for breakfast and the rest of the day. Coffee was fair. All in all I may return .
4	I'm a bit late to the party on the this as I just heard about Stan's last week. Being a 13 year Mill rat veteran I am always excited when we have new lunch time options. Went with a coworker around noon on a Thursday and we were greeted when we entered and promptly seated. I was impressed with the menu, breakfast all day?! Hurray! I would have loved this when I was in college. Being lunch time I flipped to the sandwich part of the menu  and ordered Karsten's Traditional Favorite ($9.50), a turkey breast with cranberry and stuffing on rye. Holy Thanksgiving this sammy was delicious. I could have ate a pound of the stuffing alone. Did I mention this thing was humongous? Our waitress was friendly and fast, dropping our check off and getting us out the door I about 45 minutes. I hope Stan's sticks around because there were about 5 other delicious looking dishes I can't wait to try. I'm going with 4 stars, great food, huge variety of choices, prompt service. Doesn't get much better for a fast lunch in Tempe.
4	I have since been back twice, once for breakfast and another time for lunch. Stan, thank you for sacking whoever was dicking off the thing last time I came in to visit."That'll do, Pig. That'll do." Seal of Approval.
4	welcome back.  Had been at their fathers place many years ago.Corn beef was hot and the rye bread wash fresh.  Fries, pickles, diet coke, and NY size deserts. What better way to grab a sandwich after a baseball game.  we got off the light rail ate and got back on.
1	Skip this place. Overpriced, not very good and strange people.
