1	Worst Experience EVER.  I have never been treated so disrespectful by a Medical office staff in my entire life.  I scheduled an appointment on 11/4 @5:46pm on ZocDoc for an appointment on 11/6.  I am having really bad pelvic/abdominal pain.  I Received an email from ZocDoc on 11/5 at 10:46am stating that the Dr. needed to reschedule my appointment for 11/11 at 3:15pm.   In my notes to the Dr. I stated how urgent I needed to be seen that I was having really bad pain, and thought I maybe had a ovarian cyst that was going to rupture or had ruptured.  When I called the Dr's office to let them know that I needed to keep that appointment and that ZocDoc said there were several appointments available for 11/6, and I was willing to take a later time of the day.  The receptionist just said we don't have anything available until the date you were given.  I explained that I was in extreme pain and needed to be seen before then, she said they had not even one appointment between now Monday.  I asked to speak with the office manager who was not helpful at all. ( I AM AN DENTAL OFFICE MANAGER BY TRADE)  I told the lady on the phone that I had never received such disrespectful and rude service from anyone in the medical field.  I told her that I did not receive a phone call to reschedule my appointment she stated "because you scheduled it on zocdoc, we reschedule it that way" I said what if I am not available on 11/11 at 3:15, she said then we would just keep going back and forth on ZocDoc until a time worked for both me and the office.  I said and why would you not just CALL the patient?  You can see the notes that the patient is in pain and needs to be seen immediately.  She then said I will advise you to go to the hospital ER then.  I said so you mean to tell me that your office doesn't keep ANY emergency time slots open?  even double booking and telling the emergency patient that they may have to wait a few minutes past their appointment time?  She said NO, We just send them right to the ER if someone calls in pain.  I again then said, so you can read my notes on my appointment card, and SEE that I am in a large amount of pain (and other symptoms), and you didn't see it fit to give me a call and tell me this?  At this point I am crying, because now I have to go sit in the ER with people with the flu and gosh knows what else.  *I* would have fit my new patient into the schedule somewhere!  But still she did not.  She sent me on my merry little way.  I sometimes wonder if the Dr's are aware of how poorly patients are treated by their office staff, and how many new patients walk out the door or never step foot in the door because of the service that they receive by the staff.  I hope Dr. Feng reads this, and is able to go back and speak with her staff in regards to this matter. P.S. I went to their website, and it looks like they don't do much by way of OB/GYN (that is Dr. Sophy Feng's specialty).  In fact as you can tell by the name is Anthem Rejuvination.  I didn't know any of this until after I had set up the appointment and she came highly recommended to me by a friend.  They do Botox, plastic surgery, etc. at this office.  So if you are looking for a traditional OB/GYN office this is not it.God Bless.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER and that seems to be the trend from what I've seen about this place. Worst excuse for a doctor's office EVER! Sat and waited for 2 hours just to be told she wasn't able to see me because the appointment I had originally scheduled didn't have a co-pay needed and she wanted to change my appointment type to one that required a co-pay. When I refused to change my appointment she refused to see me. Clearly she doesn't care about an individual's health, just a paycheck. Terrible and pathetic way to treat your "patients". Will never return and will be sure to tell everyone how awful the experience was.
5	I love this ob/gyn!!! To start off the receptionist has remembered my name for 2 years and is always nothing but nice. Occasionally the wait does take long or she does reschedule but that's because she's delivering other patients babies!!! She has been very upfront and down to earth with me since day one and she's genuine. While delivering my first child I had extreme hemorrhaging and my daughter had some complications. She literally called every nurse to help make sure I was comfortable and handled what she had to. Thank goodness I didn't need a hysterectomy because now I'm pregnant with my son and still trust in Dr. Sophy Feng to deliver my baby and keep us safe. She respects any opinion I have in not wanting to be induced or do it naturally. She's never pushy and always gives me the facts. She's above caring and open to me, my questions, and needs. I would recommend to anyone.
3	I am a current patient at anthem obGyn, and I personally think both doctors are great!!! Their staff is friendly and well educated. Sure there is sometimes a wait time but then again think about it, It's a doctors office!!! we go there to talk about our problems and get a solution. GET WITH THE PROGRAM PEOPLE!!!
5	For an Ob/Gyn office I must say they truly try to get you in ASAP. I called and right away felt the concern on the other end of the line. When I came in the front desk clerk had a pretty smile and she was so friendly. The assistant that brought me into the patient room was very friendly and actually introduced herself. The doctor was nice as well and had great bedside manners. The person who checked me out was very friendly and had a pretty smile too. In Vegas you don't see so many smiley faces so it was refreshing to be in a doctors office where the staff is cordial, professional, organized & that actually call you with your results. I recommend Anthem Ob/Gyn to anyone who is looking for true patient care.
1	This place doesn't even deserve ONE star. Read the tip I left. Staff is unprofessional & incompetent. The reviews are true. Heed their warning. Complete waste of time. One of the staff, Carol, implied I was lying. Of course bc she "personally opened the door at 2pm" & apparently I wasn't there. My appt was scheduled for 2:15pm but the sign on the door said the office will open at 2:30pm. I'm really upset with this experience. She "went to see if the doctor will see me" & said the doctor can't see me. I would have to reschedule. *sigh It was my mistake for not looking this place up. Had I seen the reviews prior, I would not have come here.
