3	If I had to describe this place in two words it would be "man food".Think steaks, chips, the tiniest salad garnish you've ever seen in your life and you're just about there.It's not the most imaginative or inventive menu-wise, but it's a safe bet, especially when you're trying to organise a group meal catering for fussy eaters (as long as their not vegetarians!). The BYOB option too means that its much easier to split the bill at the end.It's quite a small place, but this means that the service is always good. And despite its lack of size, they always manage to fit in big groups without making you feel cramped.It's not exactly going to make you jump up and down in excitement, but at the same time you know it's always a safe option that won't let you down.
4	Buffalo Grill is one of those places where you can go knowing that, while it may not be high end gastro food you are getting, you do know that you will enjoy the food and the whole experience will be nice.On looking at the other reviews, I have to quote Fiona H. - it really is 'Man Food'. And, being a man, this place does it for me when I dont want fancy French cooking or complex Italian food. I come here when I want steak, chips and various other All-American foods. The menu isnt very imagainative, but it does have a nice selection of foods and thats all that really matters for this small restaurant. Staff are friendly, and the bill is usually cheaper than you may expect, especially with the BYOB system that Buffalo Grill runs.A good, safe bet for food when you want something 'manly'.
5	In my opinion, whether man or woman, you can enjoy an amazing, filling and cheap meal from Buffalo Grill.  It's quite small inside, but it smells amazing and has a great, feast-like atmopshere.  I came here with my flatmates one night just prior to a night out and we had a really memorable evening.  They let us bring in a cheeky bottle of cider each which was good of them, and their hospitality was both tolerant and attentive.  I had their classic fillet steak with chunky chips and a nicely dressed salad.  It came in a good sized portion and they cooked each of our steaks to perfection according to how we asked for them.I'd definitely recommend Buffalo Grill and I'll hopefully be returning soon.
5	Originally I was going to four star this place but since I have spent the whole day recalling how damn tasty my burger was, a scorching five has to be rewarded!And here's why. A no frills, understated restaurant that looks like it's been the same since the early 90s, it's the kind of place you can relax and not have to drag out your Sunday best for. Its hearty, largely American cuisine reminds me very much of Fatty Arbuckles, which was my favourite place to go in the 90s when I was a kid. There's something quite comforting about it.Even though the place looks like it's been crammed full of people during the Fringe, staff were nevertheless accomodating and very friendly when me and my friend showed up without a reservation. We have a lovely waitress who was very smiley and smoking hot (at her job, but she was also quite gorgeous). We were served promptly, which was awesome since I was wilting through extreme hunger!I didn't notice too much of their menu to be honest, because my face was in the El Diablo burger. Like Lauren mentioned, it's amazing! It looked homemade and was massive, with guacomole dripping out of it. I also got a massive portion of chips, which were simple but delicious!They do a mean steak and are lean beef machines, but I did notice that they also had veggie options. My friend opted for the latter and really enjoyed it.I can honestly report that the Buffalo Grill was amazing. It's a low key affair but they have mastered what they do. Their El Diablo burger is a work of art and you won't leave a scrap of it on the plate. I would say from my experience in Edinburgh that a lot of restaurants are all style and little substance - Buffalo Grill concentrates on keeping it simple, and in this case that it most definitely for the better. The best place to get a burger in Edinburgh, hands down.
3	I came here dinner recently with a bunch of friends. After reading Jenny L's review I was hesitant but went with good spirits. Overall, my meal was A-OK. I had a burger with cheese, very basic. The bun was sub par and the chips were definitely the frozen ones that aren't anything to rave about it. My boyfriend had a T-bone steak and it was actually pretty decent - grilled properly. Edinburgh has a fair amount of good burger places and this place just doesn't compare. Mind you, I did enjoy a delicious Diam bar cake. However, on the positives I'll add that the service was really good and you really can't beat the 1 pound corkage fee. I won't be rushing back but if and when I do I'll opt for the steak!
1	I came here for an organised lunch with 5my friends as we wanted a BYOB place to start off our 'boozy half-day of fun'. There doesn't seem to be a lot of BYOB places in Edinburgh (well not if you don't fancy Indian or Chinese food) so it was a bit slim pickings.I was pretty disappointed with this place I have to say and it's unlikely I'll go back.Reasons:1/ The only menu we were given upon sitting down was the lunch menu which was limited and the food opitions not very appealing (I didn't particularly want a burger or a sandwich). The dishes I would have chosen were all on the main menu (which we had checked out already on their website) but we were only told we could have ordered from that menu if we had wanted at the point of us ordering our food. When I expressed interest in seeing this, I was basically told I had no time as the kitchen staff wanted to leave!!2/ the kitchen staff left immediately after cooking our food so even if we had wanted anything else, tough! Our booking was for 1.30!! Eh, the place cater for a lunch or not?!?3/ The food was 'meh'! Nothing to write home about - edible at best and I agree with Jenny's comment in her review regarding frozen food.4/ My baked potato came with a MOUNTAIN of melted butter already in it which swam all over my plate, wilting my salad and covering my chicken. Bolk!5/ service wasn't great - huffy waiter at the start.I don't recommend!
3	Three of us grabbed a quick bite to eat here before catching a show at the Tron. We were lucky to get a table as it was busy & the table was booked out an hour later. we promised to be quick & the service was excellent. It was just a shame the food didn't match the service.We shared the prawns & guacamole dip for starters. The prawn were covered in a thick batter - not tempura style as suggested - and it all seemed rather shop bought. My chicken, beef & bacon in a spicy sauce was ok. just that. nothing better than I could make at home with peppers & tinned tomatoes & a chilli. The black bean rice was simply white rice with tinned black beans stirred through it. I was really disappointed - it lacked flavour and the rice was a bit over cooked & heading towards mushy.My two friends had steak & chips & enjoyed them. One with a blue cheese sauce the other with a lemon pepper sauce. Seems they made a better menu choice than me!
5	Been coming here for years (at least 6 years), for staff nights out, for delicious steaks every time, for 2 of us to catch up, for byo, for support of a wee business etc...and my dear friend and I have religiously caught up every year for a whole day in Edinburgh during the Festival, seen shows, eaten at Buff Grill and cracked on with our plans....this is a review of that experience 2014.....The two of us are creatures of habit and always have the same steaks cooked our own ways with the same sauces - this time we chose different sauces, as the menu has changed. But the steaks weren't quite done right - one bleu and one med-rare. They both looked bleu to me, and as I was deciding which was meant to be which, the manager was right there querying what was wrong, picking up on our table vibe. We told him and he took mine away with apologies and 5 mins later brought it cooked more to my liking, with more apologies. A few mins later he checked back and I was more than happy to tell him it was totally delicious - crispy charred steak on the outside and just how I wanted it on the inside....the new jalapeno sauce is amazing too...he seemed genuinely pleased that we were now satisfied...nice guy. I ate the whole steak and most of the sauce because they tasted so freakin good but hardly any of the chips (unusual for me) because I knew I couldn't fit in the delicious chips and was enjoying the meat so much...Mostly I give them 5 starts because such attentive service is rare. That guy is a great asset to them and a super example of decent customer service skills...Thanks very much.
