2	decent place. tvs, outside seating, and a roll of paper towels hanging on every table! i'm definitely a fan of pizza and beer, only you have to drink the beer there (draft- pretty good!), so take out doesn't afford that combination.  they have wine too.  their appetizers seem good, but i just had the pizza (with veggie toppings) which was just ok.  nothing too special here... maybe its location.
1	Oh man, we came on a crappy day for this place.  The a/c was broken and it was was an oven in here.  I've never actually had a warm salad before today.  Warm iceburg lettuce with warm ranch is asking for a sick day.  It was so hot in there that the women's bathroom soap in the pump was even warm-- blech!The pizza was really greasy, I had the pepperoni.  It was actually the most slices of pepperoni I have ever seen on a single slice of pizza.  And when all the pepperoni is on there, it leakes massive grease. And on thin crust, it's just too much.My co-workers pizza was the ham and pineapple and she claims the ham was gritty--- what does that mean?  I dunno, but that is what she said. I wanted to try this place out, it's right next to Marjerle's- I am still glad I tried it, just so I know.  I am still on the look out for good (non gourmet) pizza downtown.  Any other suggestions?
3	I like this place. They do a nice special of a slice and a drink for like $4 bucks. The pizza is a greazy mess and more pepperonis than you'd ever seen before. I have been a couple times to pick up and take it home, and once made the mistake of ordering the wings. Mistake! The bones were all broken, falling apart, and didn't taste very buffalo'y. The pizza is good, the prices are good, and it's a fun casual spot. Just stay away from the buffalo wings.+1 for the free popcorn.
2	This Pizza is LAME.  I should have gone with my instinct that a downtown "pizza by the slice" pizza joint shouldn't be completely empty at 11:30am on a weekday and gone somewhere else, but I didn't.  The place was completely empty and it still took them 12 minutes to get me my two slices (which were huge).  I hate to say it, but the pizza completely sucked.  The crust was so rubbery that I couldn't pick up the slice without it flopping over.  For two slices and a coke I paid nearly $8 but I wouldn't have paid $2 for that "food".  I forced myself to eat one slice and then threw out the other.Yuck
2	I'm not sure if the owner/manager was trying to create a bustling NYC type atmosphere when I was there or what.. but it didn't work. He just came off rude and I didn't like it.  The slices were pretty good & they have cheap wings, but there are too many other businesses and life is too short to wait around for pushy pizza.
3	stopped in here after having a horrible experience at a deplorable chop suey house...ugh.stepped foot in here and said...keep it kinda warm in here. then i noticed two guys hanging from the ceiling...OHH..the A/C is broken. explains why i'm sweating inside..but not outside. i grabbed a couple slices of...paper towels...and dabbed my head. ordered a slice of pizza and side salad.food was ok, atmosphere was ok, A/C was fixed before we left..but i almost witnessed one of the A/C techs fall from the ceiling onto the flattop grill and potentially hurt himself. i did't catch their license number to notify OSHA. but i'm sure they will not be acting like monkeys on the next job site. not too safe.not sure when i'll be back. i usually have place in mind before i'm in the area..so if plan B is in order..i'll grab a slice here. it's not that bad.
3	I went here this past weekend after visiting the DBacks fanfest at Chase Field. We were riding along on the Light Rail and looking for a place to stop in for lunch. Unfortunately most of the Downtown spots are open weekdays, so our selection was limited.I liked the look and feel of the place, the exposed brick and stainless steel features are nice. The pizza, however is just average. I had the Pepperoni (huge slices, and COVERED in pepperoni) and it felt just like something was missing. I'm not quite sure what it is, but there was just something off about the slices. The thin crust was decent, with a nice "foldability" but it was a little too springy for my taste.M got the chopped salad, which turned out to be giant chunks of iceberg lettuce covered in ranch and served on the same metal plates as the pizza.All said, an OK place to go, but plenty of room for improvement.
2	After a trip on the light rail, I decided to check this place out since it was right by my stop. I got the lunch special and ordered a veggie slice which came with a side salad and coke for $5.50. Thankfully I got there right before a bunch of people on their lunch break. Those poor people were waiting 10 minutes in line just to order. Perhaps it was because a woman in front of them just ordered 2 full pizzas, but it still seemed odd that it took so long just to get their orders taken. Two people obviously didn't want to wait because they got out of line and went somewhere else. The sauce had no real flavor, the crust was doughy, and sadly the green peppers and red onions were very chewy and unedible. I had to pull all of them off. The pizza was falling apart, which I don't mind, as long as it tastes great.The salad was just iceberg lettuce with two cubes of tomatoes and way too much ranch dressing. :( I wouldn't go back.
2	I read the negative reviews of this place and said 'That still sounds awesome, I'll show these uppity snobs by going there and having some down and dirty pizza and loving it.'  I now apologize to you all.  You were right, I was wrong.This is not good pizza.  It is not cheap.  It is not fast. It IS covered in pepperoni.  Hopefully that's your favorite topping, as the choices on what else you can get is limited. And seriously, I went there when it was dead, and I felt like I waited an eternity.So while I can envision a scenario where I am drunk downtown and I stumble into Brooklyns and feel like it saved my life for providing me greasy nourishment in my time of need, in no way should this place be sought out under normal, sober circumstances.
2	I think my family from Brooklyn would be offended with the vain use of their borough's name for sub standard pizza.I went here for a late lunch with a coworker looking to try something new. When we walked in at 1pm it was dead, they seemed excited to have us as customers and were happy to show us how their lunch specials worked.  I opted for a single slice of cheese pizza, my usual test case for a pizza place.  My coworker went for the lunch special that included a small side salad and a fountain drink. My pizza was not fresh, and a bit too soggy and floppy, I made liberal use of the red peeper, Parmesan and black pepper to cover up what the pizza lacked in flavor.There was a popcorn machine in the back with free popcorn, however it seemed empty and infrequently visited.They do have many special on beer, and i think the only time this place is busy is before and after a basketball game at the adjacent arena.
3	Ok, the pizza isn't outstanding but if you need a cheap meal while your downtown, this place will do. The best part about this place is the very large $10 pitcher of beer. This place is walking distance to Chase field and if you want to sit outside and people watch while drinking ice cold beer this is the place. Its right on the corner so the patio wraps around and is right by the light rail stop. The pizza also tastes better after a few beers. As to the complaints on service, ive never had a problem, quite the opposite. Thats part of the reason i keep going back.
3	Lunch in downtown Phoenix, a perk to any day! :) So me and my sister visited "Brooklyn NYC Pizza" lured by the $5.50 lunch special. It included a HUGE slice, a side salad and a soda. The service was superb, I love places (especially downtown) that give you that extreme genuine hospitality. "Brooklyn NYC Pizza" had that quality. We sat at the bar area facing outward through the glass window giving us a beautiful view of the city. The music being played was great classic and went well with the pizzeria downtown Phoenix feel. The pizza wasn't the most delicious pizza I have tried, I'd say maybe 2.5 stars out of 5. But it did get me full and for $5.50, I would have lunch there again. Overall, I liked this place a lot, it makes a cool hang out for friends or a casual date, the ambiance is very laid back and comfortable. :)
4	As usual, I'll dissent a little!  I like this place a lot.  My friend and I have started making this our usual pre-Suns-game stop, and I expect that tradition will continue into baseball season, as well.I think the pizza has been quite good the two times we've been there.  Granted, I am not at all pretentious about pizza, and think Pizzeria Bianco is a bit of a snobby joke with a great marketing plan.  So give me a big greasy, pepperoni-covered slice that I can fold in half and I am good to go.  The beer (Mich Ultra or Bud Light only) is $10 a pitcher.  How can you go wrong, especially with the beer prices at US Airways or Chase Field?  Granted, it's not high-end craft beer, but it's TEN BLOODY DOLLARS.  Hell, bring me two!I like the owner, in contrast to some of the other comments.  The guy cracks me up.  Some folks came in and breezed right by the "Order Here" sign and started yapping at him.  He walked over to the sign, flicked it with his finger and said, "Sign says order here."  Excellent!  And when he closed just prior to the Suns game, some people snuck in and ordered, then tried to haggle on the price since it was closing time.  Owner says, "Hey, I'm already feeding ya after closing time.  Now ya want a deal, too?"  I love this guy!Anyway, I think this is a fun place with some personality.  Great place to grab a slice or two and a pitcher before a game.  You pizza connoisseurs can wait three hours for a pie at Bianco.  I shall wait for you at Brooklyn with a full stomach and second pitcher, as I blissfully watch the sports fans go by.
2	I'm going to suggest Brooklyn NYC Pizza could use a few more people working when there is a Diamondbacks game and a concert on a Friday night.  The few peeps that were working did not seem to have any sense of urgency.  The guy working the register was also the guy serving the beer.  So, if you order beer, you hold up the line of people ordering because he has to stop what he is doing to fill your beer.  There were two people standing in the back hanging out waiting for pizzas to cook.  The line was crazy long and there was not much room to stand.  It was pretty warm and stuffy inside so we let the boys stand in line for our pizza and beer while we secured the wobbly table on the patio.  There were only tables for four available, so when they got back, two of the boys were going to have to stand.  Also, the table was kind of dirty (maybe-washed-once-a-week-use-your-hand-sanitizer-after-you-touch-it dirty).  Luckily there was a roll of paper towels hanging from the table.  That might be the one good thought the owner of the place had!There were six of us, so we wanted a whole pie, but they wouldn't do that.  Um . . . okay . . . could you give us 8 individual slices and then put them all together on one pan?  Really?  How does it make sense to NOT give us a whole pie?The pizza was nothing too exciting.  The cheese was kind of like glue and the slice of pepperoni had a pool of grease that had dripped from the pizza to the pan.  Funny, I did like the sauce, a little on the tomato-y side, which I like.Now I see why I haven't been there for lunch either.  With SO many delicious pizza options (zPizza, Papa Cristos, Cafe Roma, Hanny's, etc.) Why would I go here?  Maybe for the cheap lunch special, but I'd rather spend a little more money on good food.Anyway, I wish some of the better bars were closer the big venues downtown.  It seems like all of the other places are just out of walking distance for a quick bite before an event. Next time, I will convince the group to walk one or two more blocks to find one of the really yummy places.
3	I ate here over the weekend while attending Comicon.  I was actually pretty hungover at the time and desperately needed to plug my gut.  It was between this and a deli I saw a little bit down the way but pizza always, always sounds good so I made my decision.  In my mind, in a fight between a pizza and a sandwich, the pizza would always win because it has the power of molten-hot cheese and pepperoni shields.Yay:  It was like $6 bucks for a big slice of pizza and a salad and a drink.  That's a really, really good deal.  The salad that I got wasn't like an amazing salad but it had onions on it and croutons and had a strong flavor.  It wasn't bad.  If I were a teacher and my class assignment was, "Throw a salad together super quick and cheap," and I got that salad, I'd give it a B.Nay:  The pizza was not so good.  But, you know, it was pizza and pizza is hard to fuck up so it was salvageable.  The big problem was that it was so greasy.  I mean the pizza sweat grease like a fat man's back.  If I were a teacher and my class assignment was, "Make me a cheap ass piece of pizza that tastes good," I'd give this slice of pizza like a C.  I choked that shit down though and washed it down with salad and raspberry iced tea.So, you know, the pizza wasn't great, but after I got done eating I felt a lot better.  I had the strength and energy to check out Comicon for the rest of the day.  I geeked out good.
5	Best wings I have had in Phoenix.
1	Went here before Roger Waters/Pink Floyd concert. There was a line and it was taking long. Not a big deal as it was busy before the concert. While watching what was going on, you could tell there was a problem. All the pizza's were sitting there but no one was serving them to the patient people in line. The nice lady in front of me complained and ask the guy if he was the owner, which he said yes. The guy could care less and had a major attitude. After a short interchange, he just refused service to her and told her to leave. This is by far the worst service and attitude I've ever seen from any company, anywhere. For the owner to do this, its in excusable. This is an opportunistic business and could care less about serving people. I wonder how they take care of the food we eat, yuck!Please do not spend your money here and let's send this guy a message!
1	Sorry ... not impressed with the pizza ... greasy ... could not finish the 1 slice I ordered ... Salad was blah ... free popcorn had no taste, no salt no butter ... blah ... not returning
3	Been there twice and both times the place had been packed. The pizza was pretty good, the wings and salad are not bad at all. My favorite thing was the low price though! Overall it's a good place to get some cheap pizza and wings.
3	nothing super dooper special..but for $5.50 you get a huge slice of pizza, salad and a drink. Medicore food.. nothing i think i would drive long distance for...but alright for a quick downtown rushed lunch, or if you are going to game..
3	right off the light rail in downtown phx @ washington & 3rd street.  hot and cramped, but friendly staff ready to assist as you walk in.  pizza was good, the salad which was part of the combo meal.... was a nice surprise on a very hot day.  pizza was fine, nothing special but pizza is same same most places like this, and that's more than fine.  so i liked the location, the staff, the food.  and it's a great spot to people watch, and cool off in time for a mid day circus visit.
3	This is the place you spend about $12.00 for two slices of pizza and a few beers before the Suns or Diamondbacks game.  Its nothing great,  but its filling and cheap, and really beats the overpriced chains in the area in my book.
2	The pizza is okay but unfortunately it does not make up for the wait time and fiasco of an ordering process. We were second in line to order, however it took longer than acceptable to be asked our slice selections then several minutes to actually receive our meal.  The price point is disappointingly higher than the quality of product with limited lunch specials. Z Pizza is two blocks west with lunch specials running about a buck fifty less so I'll be sticking with them from here on out.
1	The only good thing about this place is the location. It's less than a block away from US Airways Arena.We decided to eat at this Pizza joint because we just finished watching Disney on Ice and my nephew was hungry. The guy behind the counter was very rude and pushy on selling his "Combo Deal" which includes a Slice of Pizza, Salad and a Drink for $5.50. I told him I didn't want to order the Combo deal but wanted to order a Whole Pie.He says it takes about 45 minutes to make a Whole pie. Answer me this: What Whole Pie takes 45 minutes to make? Since, he made it seem that  I had no other option, so instead I ordered 5 slices and two soft drinks. Each slice had to be reheated in the oven. It took 15 minutes til our pizza was finally ready to eat .At least, that's what I thought.  The Pizza was extremely hot, greasy and tasteless. I wish I read the reviews prior and would've just waited to eat somewhere closer to home with better pizza.
3	Frankly, I was starving when I ate here so it was amazing in my book. Looking back, the pizza is pretty flimsy. I did get a sweet lunch deal of a salad (which was good), slice of pizza, and a drink for $5.50. Overall, not horrible but not awesome.
1	We came here to eat lunch. The server gave our pizza to the wrong people; a family with kids. Once the mistake was brought to their attention, they simply brought the pizza to us - something which is against health code! I'm sure the family picked through it and touched it - slices looked freshley pulled apart and returned to the plate. After a 40+ minute wait, I was unwilling to wait for a remake. They offered a refus. Frankly, I can't return to a place where they would violate health codes like that. The other people in my group are more tolerant of germa and whatnot than I am; they said the pizza was terrible. I'm sure they will be serving the slices we left behind to the next customers to order a pepperoni pizza.
1	We chose this disaster during Phoenix Comicon 2012, with 8 total guests. when we walked in, there were crumbs on all the tables that were free. Happily, BNYCP has a roll of paper towels on each table-when they bother to put a fresh roll out. We waited For. Ev. Er. to order. We were finally able to order our 8 slices-we couldn't decide whether to get whole pies or not, and reading some of the reviews, I'm glad we didn't. They put two slices on one "plate," so not everyone got a plate. The pizza itself was not that great. There was lots of sticky, sweet sauce soaking through the crust and dripping off the large and flimsy slices. I'm glad to see someone was able to get a fork-we tried, but we were told we could only get a fork if we ordered a salad. Nice touch! Meanwhile, sauce is dripping off the pizza to land on my shirt or the table. My husband and I chose ham and pineapple slices. I don't know what kind of "ham" this was, but it was actually soggy, with a texture like cheap, generic bologna. Terribly gross. They were also very skimpy with the cheese, so I'm not really sure how that tasted.As we were finishing up, a man came in carrying a toddler and asked if he could use the restroom. Apparently they said no, because he threw a fit, and told the manager (or whoever he was) that it was pretty bad they wouldn't let a little girl use the restroom. Very slow service, not terribly clean, not terribly well-stocked, bad pizza, and no forks or restrooms. I think I'll pass!
1	Worst lunch I've ever had in downtown Phoenix. Just had time to take out a slice of cheese pizza and fried mushrooms at 1:00 pm. Pizza was old and rubbery.  Fried mushrooms were adequate but ranch dressing was too salty and runny.  I knew it was questionable when I walked in at lunchtime and I was the only customer. Not only did it cost me $8.20 for one slice and mushrooms, but they charged me .25 cents for an extra ranch which I ended up tossing anyway. So I spent $8.45 for two bites of cheese pizza and three mushrooms. What a waste. The only positive is that the lack of calories means Haagen Daas when I get home.
1	Wow how can you screw up pizza? This place did. Soggy and flavorless and we got attitude from the manager (owner?) when one of crew asked for a fork and knife. There was no way you could pick up the pizza to eat it! Service was slow, yes there were ten of us, but it was lunchtime and it's slices!  How hard can that be to reheat and serve them up?! Lame place they get one star for the air conditioning. Brooklyn attitude with Dominos Pizza quality.
4	This is a great spot to hit before going to a Phoenix Suns/Diamondbacks game. The best reason being that they have $10 pitchers of beer and decent pizza for a great deal. I have been here a number of times and it's usually packed before games so plan accordingly. The owners and staff are always very nice and sometimes too efficient (they try to take plates before you're finished). I have never had a bad experience and I love sitting outside when the weather is nice.
4	Decent food at a good price. We paid $21 and got 2 big slices of pizza, (packed with pepperoni) 2 salads, 10 wings, and 2 beers. What else could you want? (you can even munch on free popcorn while you wait) Service is efficient and friendly.Maybe it's not the best pizza in the metro area but it sure ain't the worst and it's much better there than paying three times that amount for something at the game.I'll definitely be stopping there again
4	I give this place 4 stars.  The pizza was the best I've had in awhile here in Phoenix.  The slice of pepperoni I got was huge, thin crust, with lots of pepperoni.  A little greasy but so delicious it didn't matter.  One slice is the equivalent of two normal slices.  I left wanting more it was so tasty.  The wings were decent, not the best but not the worst, and you got 10 for $5.00.  The place was packed on a Saturday, as there were three big events going on downtown, but the service was pretty quick.  Overall, I would love to eat here again.
3	First I would like to address some of the other reviews complaining about greasy pizza.  Do not order pepperoni if you do not want to deal with grease.  This is common pizza knowledge that should be double accounted for when a place like Brooklyn NYC Pizza puts an entire pigs worth of pepperoni on one slice.I ordered to combo.  For $5.50 I received a slice of pepperoni, a house salad and a drink.  I would have preferred 2 slices and a drink but figured I could attempt to eat healthier for a change.  Thank you, house salad.The pizza was okay.  The out crust was crisp but doughy towards, what would be, the center of the pie.  NYC style is often flimsy but I've never had a slice this doughy before.  This was my first visit so I cannot say if this is the norm or not.  I was not overly impressed on the first visit but it was not bad.  I would have no problem giving them another chance to see if the pizza improves.  Even in it's doughy state it wasn't all bad but I can get better at other places.
3	Tried this place during a conference at the convention center. Just around the corner.
1	Serve pizza by the slice with very limited options (like sausage wasn't an option). Price was cheap enough,  but place was dirty and smelled strange.  Ordered a slice and some hot wings.  Pizza tasted like cardboard and the crust was very doughy (hard to accomplish cooking it twice). The hot wings were not hot and very dry with no flavor.  There are so many other options around here. I would not recommend here.  I won't be back.
1	Ok stopped in here after comicon today. Pizza was ok, but it took forever to just order three slices! They will not take your order until the previous orders are filled and com out. I never heard of such a thing for a pizza joint. I complained to the cashier about it and she said we have a system in place that works. I said, for who? Not your customers! This place is a joke!  Don't waste your time.
1	Absolutely worst customer service possibleAnd this came from the manager/owner of the place do yourself a favor and don't go here like many others have said.
1	AVOID- Appalling...We went on a Sunday afternoon, after 5 fun hrs at the science center & the kids wanted pizza, & were told we couldn't order a whole pizza. "Because only the owner can make them & he isn't here" so we were forced to order by the slice. Then to make matters worse I watched the young woman behind the counter touch her hair & then a piece of pizza. The icing on the cake? The food was reminiscent of something I ate in the elementary school cafeteria. NEVER. EVER. AGAIN.
1	This place sucks. Their pizza isn't very good, the service stinks. They reheat all the pizza slices until burn your mouth hot. Really not very good pizza.
1	Been to this place a few times and was never satisfied, the pizza is decent but the service is terrible. The owner turned off all of the lights and locked the doors while I was still sitting outside eating and drinking. They also try to nickel and dime there customers, after spending 10 dollars on 2 slice and a beer I was asked for some ranch and was told it was 25cents, not a big deal but I didn't have any cash on me and was told sorry nothing we can do. Much better places with in walking distance!
2	If pizza is what you do, you need to do better than this. Slice was charred and so overly sweet. The crust managed to be simultaneously too thick and too thin - and burned.Staff was super friendly and accommodating. But although that was nice, it fell a good deal short of "must return"... Especially considering the food.
2	Not very good at all.  Pizza gross. Salad taste as they tossed in water ranch.  Wings okay.  Only one guy working at lunch and on game day.  Save your money.
