5	Kurtis and his team service all of our personal and fleet vehicles.  We are extremely pleased with the quality and professionalism he and his staff bring to the table.  His prices are competetive, and we are confident we can drive our vehicles up to 200k miles with Kurtis's care and guidance.  Thanks Absolute Auto Care!!Brandon Cross Maid Brigade owner/operator
5	Ordinarily, I'd rather have a tooth pulled than take my car in for service, but the brakes needed service, so in I went. Not only was the car expertly tended to, but I was given a checklist of things that could be tended to, and a couple things that needed attention now.I actually felt that the crew CARED about my family's safety, rather than just about selling me a bill of goods. The work was done in a timely manner & at a fair price.I am a customer for life!Tom O'HalloranLas Vegas
5	This company is terrific... Resolved our car issue so quickly and we got a great price!  This is one car place where you can really trust what they tell you. 5 stars for service and quality.
5	Absolute auto care provides great service with technicians you can trust. They service my fleet of work vans and my personal vehicles as well. They are looking out for the safety of my family and employees. Keep up the great work!
5	When I first called to inform Kris of what I believed to be wrong with my car; EGR valve. He said he would check it out yet doubted it was that. Not only did he fix the problem for a reasonable price, nor did I need a new EGR Valve. They also looked over my car and informed me of what was wrong. I trust and will use them again. Thanks Kris and Team.
4	They were great. Synthetic oil change the cheapest I've seen in town. Their alignment machine was occupied so instead of holding my car hostage and trapping me, they did the paperwork and payment for the oil change and said they'd call when it was open.
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Sign from previous company name was still up and confused me when I was looking for it. Not very many amenities for waiting customers.LIKE  Manager Kris was easy to talk to.LOVE  Kris quoted me a time of how long my service would take, and it was done in less than that. They also checked some service lights that ended up being ok without me asking them to. I didn't feel upsold like I normally do at auto service shops.
5	My car died the other day while I was driving with 2 small children and I was able to coast into a national chain auto repair/tire place.  They essentially said my transmission was done for so I towed it to Absolute Auto to get a second opinion and because I don't trust those types of chains.They were great and diagnosed my problem and it cost me a few hundred bucks.  Will go here again and I recommend them to anyone who needs help with their automobile.
4	*Quick Service*Open Sundays*Detail InspectionDown Fall it's a little expensive.
1	I got on Yelp and read the reviews of this place and I saw the deal I could get through Yelp for going there so I figured why not.  All I needed was my rotors spun so they wouldn't pulsate when I stepped on the brakes at freeway speeds.  Dropped off the car at around 9:30 and the guy said he'd call me in 30 minutes with an estimate and the car would be done about 30 minutes after that.  He finally called at 11:30 saying that the rotors needed to be completely replaced.  After some negotiating, I finally agreed to it and he said he would have them done by 1.  I called back at 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 with no answer.  He finally called me at 3:30 saying that he still wasn't done and it would be around 4:30.  I reminded him the time he quoted and he said "that's what happens sometimes".  Arrived at the shop at 4:30 and it was done.  Paid and left never to return again.Quoted time: 1 hourActual time: 7 hours
5	Are you ready for this?  My car was making undiagnosed noise from the brake system on an intermittent basis.  I called this company after reading Yelp reviews.  Kris told me to bring it in now if I had a couple of hours.  I did.  It was less than an hour when he came to tell me that from a safety stand point, all was OK.  If I had any other problems just to give him a call.  NOW! the shocker.  There was no charge.  No charge!!.  They have a new customer for all my auto needs in the future.  I also noticed a $15 dollar Smog check feel was standard.In times of really poor service in so many places this was just a delight. Thank you Kris and the staff.  I'll be back.
