4	This handsome building houses a modest collection, but the admission is free, so it's well worth your time (and non-money).  They have the famous Canova sculpture The Three Graces, which is probably the highlight of the entire museum.  There is, as you might expect, plenty of 18th/19th-century Scottish art, and a good representation of 19th-century French--Monet, Cezanne, Degas, Gaugin--plus a Van Gogh, plenty of 16th/17th-century Italian art, and some 18th-century Dutch.  There are three Raphaels, which is quite an achievement, but they aren't masterpieces.  You can also see five Titians, a Velazquez, two El Grecos, a Rembrandt, and a Botticelli.  Alas, photography of any kind is not allowed, and, although this isn't noted on the museum map, the docents will swiftly inform you!
4	i visited the national gallery and absolutely loved it.  it's a well-kept museum with a lovely selection of pieces from many periods.  the small impressionist collection as well as the lovely northern renaissance pieces were the highlights in my eyes. and it's free!
5	My Granny often takes me here, I guess she is trying to instill some culture in me. But she also loves art and has a great knowledge so she is my own personal tour guide.This Gallery is situated on Princes Street and is in a pretty damn impressive building. Entry is free, so a great way to get out of the rain/wind/snow. The Gallery is made up of different levels and is very well kept and designed. Not to sound like a complete dumb ass, but I was impressed by their lifts. Anyway, back to arty part. I don't know much about art so I'm not going to sit reeling off all these painters and types, but bear with me. The last time we went in for a browse we looked at the selection of Italian art dating back to the 16th Century. I found this pretty amazing due to the fact that everything is in such great quality. There is also a large exhibit of Scottish paintings. It really is wonderful for an afternoon of milling around and seeing which ones you like, and which ones you don't like. The gift shop down stairs is really good and sells postcards of most of the paintings as well as art books and gifts. Also, the Gallery runs exhibits which cost some pennies to get into. We went to Turners Italy last year which had some really beautiful paintings. Its worth checking the website to see what exhibits are coming up.
5	Yes, being a student involves lots of drinking, partying and various other activities, but to me, it is also about taking in culture and learning more about civilisation. To that end, the National Gallery Complex is a wonderful tool to do so - its full of art, sculptures and other amazing pieces of work ranging from classical works to more modern ones, and some of the greatest artists in history. It's very easy to spend an entire day here, looking at the art and feeling very cultured altogether. It's free as well, which is always a bonus.
5	Some of my fondest memories of being a student in edinburgh revove around these galleries. When I was a young sprog in 1st and 2nd year, my outside subject was history of art. Every week we would have to meet in small groups and discuss the art as well as present on it in the gallery. As my class was 10am, we would all meet outside the gallery at 9.30 and sat in the sun. Bliss!These galleries are brilliant. They have amazing exhibitions, such as andy Warhol, Monet, Manet and much more. As well visiting artists they have a really strong collection. If you're into art at all then I thoroughly recommend these galleries.  If you don't fancy paying to get in, the gallery at the back is free. Top tip!
5	Stunning architecture at your eye's disposal right in the centre of town, plus a great deal of art to be perused inside, can only mean a high scoring review. The National Gallery sits grandly on Princes Street marking the historic and scenic divide between old town and new, and is part of the reason why coming to the centre of Edinburgh for the first time is such a striking experience. The castle, Prince Street Gardens, The Balmoral...it's pretty awesome living here, and sometimes I need to write reviews like these to remember not to take the city I live in for granted.The national collection of Scottish art is huge, and despite having made quite a few visits here, I still don't think I've managed to take everything in properly, as there is so much to see. I can only advise, with strong recommendation vibes, that you come down here and see the National Gallery for yourself, because just seeing the outside of the complex will attract you enough to want to take a wander round the inside.
4	Now I am not normally an art lover.  Most of it baffles and confuses me, paritcularly this modern art.  To me, art is a picture.  And this is where the National Gallery comes in.  It was a good few years that I begrudgingly visited here for the first time, and I was pleasantly surprised with what I saw.  We didn't look round the whole gallery, but spent around an hour or so wandering around one of the free exhibitions.  There were some truly stunning paintings on show, and it made me appreciate the work of a good artist.The building itself is pretty hard to miss, located right in the middle of Princes St, with its large colonnades on nearly all sides.  Whilst this place broke my art museum duck, I haven't been back since.  Maybe it's about time I went back.
5	The National Gallery is a great place to visit to get a load of some culture.  It's in a really central location, being just off Princes Street and the architecture of the building is just about as impressive as the artwork within it.  I came here only on Saturday with two of my flatmates and, although we were pretty hungover, we definitely appreciated the grandeur and history of the place.  Some of the paintings are absolutely massive, spanning entire walls in both width and height.  My favourite one was an intricately detailed painting of Niagra Falls.  There are also plenty of aristocratic men and women from every recent century as well as the usual horses and dogs.  The National Gallery has a great atmosphere and offers a unique look into an eclectic range of visual art.
4	Having lived in Edinburgh for nearly a year now I finally visited the National Gallery as a friend was in town, which meant I was more inclined to be a proper tourist for once!I was surprised by the Gallery's collection, and I have to say I may have underappreciated the cultural value Edinburgh has.  I believe there're several buildings scattered across the city that together, consist of the National Gallery, but at this particular one, it's possible to see a variety of European art from the 16th century onwards, including several impressionist paintings as well as early Italian and Dutch paintings.I'm a little ashamed to say we almost bypassed the Scottish collection, which we thought wouldn't be as impressive as the more internationally known art. We did make it down there though and it turned out to be my favourite part of the whole gallery! In my opinion the art down there is very unique, and the artists' methods can be a little more unusual; there were several pieces by an artist that had been completely embroidered, with wonderful detail.There were many other paintings I took a liking to ,scattered accross the gallery (some Monet, Degas and many wonderful artists I'd never heard of before I got there!) but the Scottish collection is a must-see!
3	Free entry so it can't hurt to go! Make sure you go downstairs, its the Scottish section. Its a nice lay out, and some of the art is really interesting--like the one of doctors about cancer. Be warned though--there may be little kids putting crowns together on the floor when you go in!
5	I try not to have regrets... but I do have a few.  One of them:  not spending more time in this treasure trove.  I kept thinking, I will save this for my next trip to Edinburgh because I want to make sure that I have something to do.  And then I ran out of time, as Homer Simpson would say, "Doh!"  On my very last trip to Edinburgh, I had planned on stopping in to at least see the Turner Exhibit.  I had talked it up to my students since they had studied one of his paintings, The Fighting Temeraire, in British Studies.  Learning.  All together.  I liked The Fighting Temeraire, so I thought I would enjoy this exhibit.First of all... it is free.  I cannot stress how amazing it is that there are loads of museums in the UK that are free and people should take advantage of them!  And the location of the museum... so easy to find in the shadow of the castle, off of Princes Street, overlooking the park.  Again, this was one of the museums that I was really struck by the building more than the art.  A very lovely building.  The great thing about the Turner Exhibit... free as well!  Sometimes these museums have special exhibits that have an admission fee... this one was not one of them!  The Turner Exhibit was lovely... enough to see, but not overwhelming and I have to say, I think I am now a Turner fan.  I quite liked the paintings of Durham Cathedral... another one of my favourite places!  Unfortunately, I had shown up to the museum quite late in the day and after admiring the Turner exhibit, it was time for the museum to close :(.Go.  It is free.  And you don't have to spend all day in the museum, but you might just find something you like.  It may not be at the very top of the list of things to see in Edinburgh (there are just so many things to see and do in Edinburgh), but if you exhaust all of your must-sees, then this would be a good one to add.
5	Great space! I especially loved that the lower part of the Gallery that opens up to the park. A nice spot to take a breather and have snack.
4	I enjoy the art in the National Gallery. It's a good selection of art housed in an architecturally beautiful building and you can't beat the price. I have seen better works by some of the artists exhibited here in other art museums but every piece here seems to work well in their space and it's a manageable collection that doesn't take you 5 hours or more to go through leaving you tired and foot-sore as a result. I came to see Vermeer's Christ in the House of Martha and Mary. The painting is the only Vermeer to depict a Bible scene as his other paintings are of everyday Dutch life and feels somewhat crude compared to his latter paintings. I do enjoy European art and this visit was worth more than the (free) price of admission.At the time I visited, the National Portrait Museum was under construction so this was my chance to see art in Edinburgh. There were some fiberglass elephants around the National Gallery that were decorated by various artists for charity that were fun, particularly the Walker's Biscuits elephant done in plaid.
4	Free entry, and masterpieces of art work... what more could you ask for...  well, one more thing..  right in the heart of the city.There was some const work going on within the building... but it was still worth a visit.The outside space is also a great place to people watch, and to listen to the live musicians that work the space.A nice way to spend an hour in Edinburgh.
4	Seriously, you can't get any better than being FREE, and it is centrally located between Old Town and NEw Town, and fairly close to the Waverly Train Station.Note that they pretty much stick to one medium, which is oil on canvas, and though all of it is pretty traditional and doesn't speak to me, it's still good to go, blaze through the ones you don't like, but sit and admire the ones that you adore.My favorite is prob - "Cain Killing Abel", by Pierto NovelliA must see and well worth the time if you have time to kill, though don't force yourself to squeeze it in, either.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed wandering around the National Gallery. I don't often get time to slow down and appreciate art in all its finery. Absolutely resplendent building, and impressive collection of some of the world's finest art and it's all for free? It really does not get much better than that! I should also mention that the staff are very friendly and helpful if you need assistance. Although I am slightly biased on that front, since one of them is actually a friend of Kris B.'s! Definitely visit the National Gallery if you are in Edinburgh and happen to have a spare couple of hours, you really won't regret it.
4	I mean, it's free. Why wouldn't you go?A pretty impressive collection of artwork and it's easy to just wander around and get lost in the collections.I would definitely recommend it to anyone who has the time.
5	We just happened upon the Scottish National Gallery while walking along Princes Street and as it's free thought we'd check it out. It was wonderful! Lots of galleries, lots of really brilliant art and some really lovely Scottish paintings too. The galleries are really well laid out, plenty of room around each painting and I love that they have descriptions for each work of art as many galleries don't seem to do this. There's a little bit of everything in there - Gothic, Renaissance, Impressionism and more! There's also a nice cafe and a shop should you wish to purchase souvenirs. Definitely worth a visit while in Edinburgh!
5	Great exhibits! I am pleased I came here on my trip to Edinburgh. They have a great collection of artwork. And best of all (or maybe that's an insult to the art) - it's free.
