3	I have to give this place a star just because it reminds me of the Chili's where I used to work many years ago.  The layout is exactly the same.  Lucky for them, because otherwise it would just be mediocre.The staff is nice enough, but they don't really do much for me otherwise.  I guess that's actually a good thing, what with all the average service we've seen lately - what happened to people actually caring if you were getting good service?As to the food?  There was a time that I didn't want to set foot in a Chili's, but it's been a long (long) time since I worked there, so I don't mind so much anymore, and the selection is really pretty decent.  We had a good variety.I can never understand why people charge what they do for a plate of macaroni and cheese on the kid's menu (because they can), but apparently it's pretty decent.  I went for the buffalo chicken fajitas, and it was a solid choice, surprisingly.  Not healthy or anything, but not bad.Service was speedy, but not overly friendly.  We may not be back anytime soon, but at least it wasn't a completely bad experience!
2	This is a pretty busy location right off of Independence.Went here on a Friday night and the hostess seemed a little lost and confused, but we managed to get a table right away (for 7pm).  I would call that early on a Friday, but still...Our server came by and greeted us and took our orders.  Seemed like a lot of people were celebrating birthdays because we kept hearing the Chili's version of Happy Birthday being sung every 5 mins.  I guess that is why the food took forever to come out.I wouldn't have minded, but I had the cajun pasta and it was.. okay - some of the pasta was overcooked.Overall, not the best Chili's experience... maybe it was just a bad night.  This is one of those times where service really effected the food experience for me.
1	No more sirloin cooked in Jim Bean sauce.... sigh.I expected that the  advertised "thinly sliced sirloin" sandwich was prepared from a small steak cooked, then sliced. Instead they grill tiny tidbits - much smaller than medallions- which look like the discards that are left after the steaks are trimmed. I'm not kidding! Frankly it's what I treat my dogs to. The so called flat bread was a cross between a pancake and pita not worth touching, totally fake. Nine bucks for a burger and will only serve them well done? At those prices I expect the meat to be cooked the way I want it, not like a fast food joint. I settled for a bowl of watered down and completely bland chili. IMO Chili's were never great, but they used to be ok for a beer and simple meal. Now it's sank down to a level that only people who were raised on fast food would find acceptable, that would have been ok if they didn't charge restaurant prices.
1	Fake five star reviews by anonymous doesn't change anything. I bet they're employees of that establishment.
3	We were forced to stop somewhere for dinner when driving back home, and this happened to be the only chain on the side of the road. I'm just glad it was a Chili's since that is one of the few chains that I don't mind going to when the need arises.We hopped in at around 7pm on a Sunday and were seated immediately. The waitress came right over to take our orders but seemed a bit sad that we didn't order alcoholic drinks. Sorry we were in the middle of a several hour car ride where drinking isn't the smartest idea! My wife ordered the shrimp tacos and they were pretty tasty. The shrimp was cooked nicely so it had that little bit of firmness on the outside, and the sauce that it was served with was a good, and a tad spicy. I ordered the babyback ribs smoothered in their beer-infused bbq sauce. Chili's ribs are the best ribs I've ever had at a chain restaurant and these were no different. They were succulent and tender and down-right delicious. I also enjoyed the sauce which was sweet yet had a bit of a bite to it. I also had the mashed potatoes and they were nothing to right home about...just dry, tasteless lumps. Is Chili's my ideal dinner location? Heck no, but it was the best option on that stretch of 74. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again, but if I ever find myself heading back home from the in-laws again and this place happens to come up around supper time, I won't hesitate to stop in again.
2	My wife and I stopped in here last night. We were seated promptly and our server took our order right away. We each had the baby back ribs. Both our orders were burned and the server never came back to check on us. It was the manager who finally came over and we sent our ribs back and he did refill our drinks. Not a very good experience.
3	Nothing wrong here, just a typical Chili's.  I really actually like their burgers, can't lie.  To be perfectly honest though, my little 7 y/o daughter is usually the reason that I come here.  She is in love with macaroni and cheese and for some reason she associates Chili's with good mac'n'cheese.  7 year old logic at it's best!Don't shun this place though, solid food, solid service and very affordable.
4	Another Chili's, I'm rating it 4 because it was very clean, great service, and the servers are attractive. nothing to complain about.
2	I ordered the jumbo soft pretzels and the Bacon ranch steak quesadillas. I hope its all good. I'm sick of driving all over East Charlotte in an attempt to find something better than a 2 star restaurant and more importantly one that takes American Express. The restaurant is pretty empty. I thinly my waitress's name is Angie. The pretzels were pretty good but overpriced. The quesadillas were flavorless and filled with fatty meat. Ugh. Unfortunately with a tip included the bill was $23. That's way too much for mediocre food. The Chili's on my side of town has better food than this one does. I won't be returning.
3	So everybody knows I pretty much only eat at Chillis out of desperation. But I found 2 awesome things here. 1. Gotta get the skillet cookie. Omg. It looks and taste like the picture - when does that ever happen? Cause I  can't say the same for the chipotle ribs... The cookie though - best thing I ever ate.. At Chills. 2. Jacob, my waiter. He made my entire experience phenomenal! Again, when does that ever happen? Rare. I'd go back for those two things alone! Next time you go, ask for Jacob and tell'em I sent ya ;)
1	I went to two weeks ago after graduation since there was literally no other place open at 10pm. My boyfriend got there first and requested a table for 10. The rest of us get there and wait patiently for someone to come and take our drink order. We wait at least 15 minutes before a friend of mine gets up and starts asking random servers to send OUR SERVER to our table. Dude finally comes and takes our drink order.  We were so upset we made him go ahead and take our food order. It takes another 15 MINUTES for us to get our beverages!!! The service was just UNACCEPTABLE. We kept complaining and the manager came and personally apologized to us. He gave us a free cheese dip to try and calm the waters. Our food still took another 30 minutes to get to the table. I ordered the classic sirloin and requested it be cooked medium. When I got the sirloin it was WELL WELL DONE. Needless to say I was very upset. I took one bite and sent it back. The manager apologized and did not charge us for the plate. Not sure what was going on this night but the service was absolutely horrible. I have eaten here before but never experience such unpleasant service.
3	Very very typical Chilis.I've been here quite a few times. If you're looking for something low-calorie, I would not come here.They have a pretty good selection, and I really loved their onion strings they used to have. There were a few occasions where my fiance and I just went to this location for that appetizer.The service has been good every time we've been! I will definitely go back.
4	The guy working the bar area was great. He was courteous and genuine. The food was good.
4	Came in on Cinco de Mayo to get some chain Tex/Mex food. They had an all you can eat fajitas special on a Monday night. Sat at the bar since NO ONE was in it and got great service from bartender. My first draught beer was a little warm, but the second was nice and cold! Kitchen took forever to get my order out with people coming in after me getting their food before. The fajitas where very good indeed after the wait. Since I got all you can eat, they give you progressively less so your stomach can catch up which is good cause the steak was very filling!You really can never go wrong with these guys, but just keep in mind to pace yourself. Chips and salsa are always a good thing here to say the least!
3	I have visited this place twice.it has very good food.i like flat pizzas here.for pure veggies the options are very very less.
1	Food - CService - FSlow service, never brought my appetizer but tried to charge me for it. One refill in an hour. Worst service I've had in the area.
1	This was one of the worst experiences I have had.i work in one of the busiest restaurants in Charlotte, I will leave the name out to save myself.but that will show how I know what I'm talking about.i ordered a beer at the bar and told the bartender that I would be ordering food to go as soon as I sat down, and yes I noticed that the bartender had a section along with the bar so I don't blame him at first for giving his tables attention, but ignored me after I told him this and turned his attention to his other tables and bar patrons.my beer was completely warm and when I ordered my food and informed the bartender I was not offered a replacement beer or anything he just took it away as if it was my fault, and after that I kindly asked to speak to a manager after leaving a more than 20% tip so again leaving no reason to be treated like an inconsiderate costumer, I was approached by the manager with my food togo and all she had to say was here's your food anything else I can get for you? I only mentioned my warm beer and how I also am a server so not being a pain and she came off as she didn't care and I was in the wrong.there was no consolation as an unhappy customer at all, had I not been a server and understood the business I would've made a complete scene.but the way I was treated even telling the manager that I was currently in the industry makes me feel like this establishment does not care about their customers and as long as they make enough to pay their cooks per hour they are ok.so please if any type of upper management see this review I would love to speak to you and explain this situation, again based on my job being based on reviews
2	We sat at the bar on New Year's Day to use a gift card. The Bartender gave good service but the food runner was not friendly at all. As for the food, it was not up to par. The southwestern egg rolls were good as they are at any Chilis I've been to. The beef tacos did not have seasoning. The beans that came with the tacos were cold and the rice was under cooked. We don't frequent Chilis a lot but this by far was the worst one food wise. We heard others complaining about cold beans as well. Their beer cooler was also broken and they had only two beers on draft. Unless I get another gift card here I won't go back.
