3	Alright, so there are some things I've got to give them props for, though the fast fashion industry definitely has it's down sides. Joe Fresh is a Canadian success story, and it emphasizes super affordable, generally well-fitting clothes. The founder also brought us Club Monaco, and he doesn't make the mistake of trying to aim for a lowest common denominator stylewise for the cheaper line, which I appreciate. If anything some of the Joe Fresh stuff is frankly cuter than the sometimes-mom-like Monaco. And it's convenient that these are connected to Loblaws here in Canada, and funny that the sexy versions in NYC are decidedly un-grocery. This Joe Fresh in particular is in a huge, stunning historic old train station. The beauty of the building almost makes me sad at the Joe Fresh though, first of all because they barely make use of all the space (the mezzanine!! c'mon!! it just sits empty!!) and because the contrast between the globalization-wear pumping through the buttery marble, soft bronze, inspiring vault of a ceiling, etc is almost too much to bear. It would be so cool if this could be more of a public space. An arts venue! A library! A skill share! But it is what it is for now, and I just got a cute sweater there for $16 so who am I to complain. A-Ok it is then, and all the best to them.
5	I heart this super affordable clothing line that can (oddly) be found in supermarkets across Canada. I was psyched when they opened a store next to my company's office in NY, but bummed to discover they didn't have a kids selection.While in Montreal I was determined to find a Joe Fresh with a kids department, especially since the regular womans clothing won't fit my big belly these days. Joe- us pregnos would love a maternity line!This Joe Fresh isn't in the supermarket, but has it's own store connected to it. Personally I like that better since it seems a bit strange to me to shop for clothes while shopping for groceries. It's a beautiful space and most importantly they have a HUGE kids selection. I had only about 45 minutes until I had to leave for the airport (I literally was rolling my suitcase around the store) and filled my arms with tons of clothes for my little girl at home, as well as my baby boy on the way.  Thank goodness I had just had my gender revealing ultrasound just days before stepping into this Joe Fresh.The total came to about $300 for what seemed was an entire fall/winter wardrobe for both kids.  I had a bit of a paranoid moment when my VISA didn't go thru and they don't take AMEX.  Canada doesn't seem to want to take my money! Fortunately, my Canadian coworker came thru for me and put the clothes on her credit card...and I wrote her a check.I'm still not sure how I fit all the new clothes in my suitcase, but it helps that clothes for toddlers and newborns are extremely small.  Visiting this store was one of the highlights of my fabulous weekend in Montreal. I really do hope they open a store in Chicago one of these days and when they do I hope Joe remembers to add a kids department.
4	Oh Joe. You've morphed from being that "grocery store chain" to something of a wonder in my eyes. It's near impossible to resist your regulary priced wares, as they are almost sales like in themselves. This location is indeed a stunning setting with it's vaulted ceilings. It almost reminds me of the Forever 21 in Union Square in SF.* The one bummer is that the lack in height of the displays makes the selection feel almost dwarf like. Section by section, Andrea R and I took it all in with most of our heaviest lifting happening in the children's section. Better than many of the other Joe's I've visited, since it isn't actually in the Loblaw's next door, I've recanted my earlier statements about not shopping for groceries and clothing in the almost-same setting. Joe, I'm a believer.*http://www.yelp.ca/biz/forever-21-san-francisco#hrid:MoJTlO3VZGJmeE5DbmtBvw
4	I am updating this begrudgingly to say that they have pants here that actually fit me.
4	i love joe fresh! it's the only brand that i know of that offers inexpensive colorful men clothing.in a world where the average man seems to be content with 50 shades of grey, i am one sad puppy. but with joe fresh, that sadness turns into happiness. while i may stand out from the crowd with my colorful pants and might raise a few eyebrow along the way, know that deep down, i just daaaaannnnnce!quality wise? it is disposable fashion but it seems to hold better than some other brands.as for fit? they are a bit loose, not as loose as say old navy but still loose enough. i have to hit the tailor to get them fit better.price? you can't go wrong. it's cheap, real cheap even if it needs some tailoring.for the women's line, well, i have no hands on experience (obviously) but according to some popular fashion bloggers on my twitter feed, i'd say you won't be disappointed at all take it you know what you're getting and love the colorful clothing.if you have kids? it's one of the few brands out there where you can get a wardrobe for the whole school year on a budget.their online selection is better than in-store though which is a shame. i like to try before buying.
3	This Joe Fresh is really unique as it's located in an old train station, it's a spacious and beautiful building although it is a little odd, the lighting and ventilation aren't the best. I found the inside quite dark. I love how big the changing rooms are though and there's never many people shopping at once, sales girls don't hassle you so you can browse through at your own pace.Joe Fresh has some really colorful and fashionable designs however in the past couple years I've noticed a drastic change in the quality of their clothing. The fabrics are too thin and cheap looking. They used to have basic tees and tank tops that would withstand many washes but now they get stretched out too easily and don't seem to last. The styles and prices remind me of H&M, only, the fit is a little too loose and not made for the tall and thin. Pants are always short for me. My favorite items are from their sleepwear and lounge collection, and I particularly like their clearance aisle - you can always find nice pieces for less than 10 bucks. My bf got a pair of watermelon red cargo shorts for 7$ and I got pjs for 5$. What  a steal!
