5	DiCarlos is in my opinion THE BEST pizza in the Pittsburgh area. My boyfriend and I will only order DiCarlos if we are in a pizza mood. It's different from your traditional pizza that they only cook the crust with the sauce, all the other toppings are added after it comes out of the oven. The cheese is all melty on the top and it's yum yum delicious! You have to try it. The only other pizza joint that I can think of that is anything similar is Beto's over on Banksville Road in Dormont (or Greentree, where's the line?)This is take out only. No eating there guys. Also, there's not really a "small" option and all of their pizza's are square. If that's a problem, find another pizza joint!I believe they sell calzones and a few other things, but we always go for the pizza.
1	Maybe I just had a bad day.  This was THE WORST "pizza" I've ever had.  I have had Original DiCarlo's in Wheeling, WV in several locations.  This is not even worthy of the name.  I got 3 extra cheese.  First off, the pizza was basically glued to the wax paper.  The crust was unevenly cooked.  First bite the crust was almost raw, dense, and way too chewy.  The sauce tasted sour and the cheese (shredded, not dices provolone like the Original) was slimy.  My second bite, the crust was burned, tasted burned, but at least it was crunchy.  There was no third bite.  The remaining slices got tossed in the garbage.  This was by far the worst "pizza" I've ever had.
3	I usually love this place but it's gone bad. Went to one in wv the other day and it was good. I think different owners. My beef this one is the cheese. Very pour quality. Bread and sauce still good though.
5	I was born and raised in the Ohio Valley, eating DiCarlo's from all different branches in the area.  When I moved to Pittsburgh I figured I would only get my favorite pizza when I visited home.  Not the case!  Pittsburgh DiCarlo's is delicious and a taste of home.  For anyone familiar with other DiCarlo's, it is the same shape (square) and sold by the slice, and has the same crunchy yet chewy crust.  The cheese is grated like the cheese at the Elm Grove DiCarlo's location in Wheeling, but the sauce is more like most of the other DiCarlo's (there's just something special about the Elm Grove sauce that hasn't been replicated in the other branches).  I'm thrilled it's up here and close to my new home, and I will definitely be back!
4	While this is a take out only place, it definitely reminds me of home. Growing up in southwestern Pennsylvania DiCarlos was one of the joints we always frequented. The pizza is just as good as it was growing up. I was able to introduce my fiance to DiCarlos. He really enjoyed it and said it was delicious except it was not hot.  The only grow I have and the reason it doesn't get 5 stars is pizza temp.
