4	This is my favorite picnic spot so it's where I picked to host a Potluck. We only know about if from someone who lived here and we tried to look for a house in the Hills subdivision. Its not a park that you won't happen to drive by since it's within a neighborhood and most people in this area will go to the Sports Park on Rampart and Vegas. It has a lot of pavilion space and grills, but this place is hidden enough that you rarely will share space with people. It's small, but because of the privacy, there is plenty of room so to speak. We had no one sharing our big pavilion. You can play tennis, basketball,and volleyball here and there's chess/checker tables and of course, a playground. Technically within the park there isn't a flat big field, but if you keep walking to the back you'll see a fence and there is an opening to a empty grass field which the park and two schools share. We sometimes come here for the view at night since there is a lovely vista....it's open til 11pm anyways so come to watch the stars.
4	This is a great park! It was kind of hard to find because it sits right next to an elementary school, and with a cursory glance it looks like the playground to the school. It has a great playground for the younger kids and basketball courts for the older ones. I didn't explore too much of the park because we had brought our own games to play (water balloons anyone?) but it had beautiful views of the mountains around us. The picnic area was nice and spacious and could accommodate our big group. Highly recommend this park for a nice day out!
5	It is hard to tell if this was private or public property because the park is wedged between an elementary and middle school with a private religious institute across the street. A second time around and we we sure this was the place for the Yelp event.Pros: Many picnic benches under patio coverings.           Large shady trees.           Soft grassy fields.            BBQ pits.Cons: There is no such thing when hanging out with fellow Yelpers. It is a gorgeous park that is secluded and private. With ample amounts of cover, the Vegas sun is bearable. The best time for BBQs are after 6pm; there is still plenty of daylight and the air is cooler. The pathways are lit up at night as well. Overall this is a hidden gem up in Summerlin.
4	Love coming here...it's kept very clean. It's a nice, small park, good for walking around or lounging in the grass. LOTS of picnic tables! Even outside of the main picnic table/BBQ area, there's a lot of places to have gatherings. Though it's a small park, they definitely took advantage of the space they had and gave it a terrific layout. Amazing view of the mountains!  It does get pretty over run with kids when school lets out, but given that it's in between a middle school and an elementary school, I don't feel that's TOO much to complain about.
5	What a beautiful and quiet park! Thank you Yelpers or I would never know about this park. Unbelievable that we were there on a Saturday and it wasn't crowded. Lots of grass, trees, picnic tables (most with covers!), grills, children's play area, etc. I will definitely head back there with my dog to play in the grass.
4	What a beautiful park tucked in a corner of Summerlin! It's one of those parks that you wish you could live across the street from.The pavilion in the middle is perfect for having a small party. There was plenty of room for the 20ish people that were at the potluck, and the rest of the park seemed dead. The grass was perfectly green, there were plenty of BBQs available to cook on, doggie bags were provided- what more could you ask for?
4	This place is beautiful.  Great views of the valley and hills, green grass and a well lit seating area.  We had plenty of room to spread out and mingle. The only problems I had with the park was the Cockroaches that come out at night.  There were many and they were all over the place.  But, this park is welcoming and safe.
5	Nice park thats kept clean and is quiet in the evenings.  Good place for field workouts or just lounging in the grass. Scenic and a very nice park
