5	This is probably one of the best-kept secrets in the South Hills.  Try the bruschetta as an appetizer.  They have an okay vegetarian selection and the drink menu is average.  The service is awesome, and the desserts are to die for!  I usually don't eat dessert, but the carrot cake... Oh boy!
4	Great little bar/restaurant! They always have the games on, good crowd of people in the bar area and a very family friendly restaurant portion. They have live music sometimes, darts, juke box... typical get up. The service is prompt and friendly, they remember the regulars and the prices are very reasonable. Even the desserts are well worth your time! There is a private lot, plenty of parking, take cash and credit. Thursday nights there is a guy named John McCann who plays the guitar and sings, with other singers and musicians who come up and join in. Check them out, its a good night out! :)
4	We go to the Getaway at least once a month. It gets a little crowed and noisy but the pasta and wine and other entres are worth it...And the service is great...
4	Seems like a very nice neighborhood restaurant and bar. A bit on the expensive side for me with dinner probably in the $15 - 30 range when all is said and done.That much said I had the Prime Rib and it was very tasty along with a simple baked potato. Good service. Plenty of parking in their own lot.
4	Great food, never had a bad meal there.  I love that they get their desserts from Signature Desserts.
1	Don't waste your money!!! When I moved to Brookline about 8 years ago, I thought this was a pretty decent restaurant. We always went for wing night, and the wings were very large and quite tasty. My favorite sauce was the honey jalapeno. While the wings were decent and cheap for the size, I had from day one thought the beers were a bit overpriced for the type of bar and location.  The wings kept me coming back, and they were cheap, so I didn't mind paying a little bit more for a few beers. As time went on, the menu seemed to go through a few changes...a few less items, and higher prices, and severely decreased portion sizes. I understand that as with anything, prices are always going to go up, but at the same time, the quality should remain the same or get better! This was not the case here, after giving them a few tries, I gave up. On my last few visits the food was absolutely awful, the portions were minuscule, and overall overpriced. They also did away with the 50 cent wing night. It always seemed that all the owner was concerned with was the almighty dollar. I tried the the corned beef sandwich just after St. Patty's day last year, and the corned beef was almost all fat, it was so bad that they took the sandwich and had me order a new item from the menu. After that I tried the fish and chips around lent, and what a joke it was! You got potato chips ( not home made), and a few tiny pieces of fish that were almost all breading. All of the "specials" that they have, whether they are food or drink, are not worth the prices that this place seems to think that they are. All of their "special" prices are what most other places have as their regular everyday prices! Definitely stay away, and give your money to a local establishment that is more deserving of your money!
1	Hi, Every Year since I moved here to Pittsburgh since 2003 we went to the Getaway for St Patrick's Day. 3 years ago the food was terrible, but upon taking the extra order back to the restaurant the next day the owner was very nice & refunded some of my money & promised next year would be great!, It was as he said Great, but this Year was so disappointing my family & I will never go back! The staff was very nice, but we waited 20 mins for a table as we were seated at 6pm the waitress asks us for our order & 2 out of 3 of us had our heart set on the traditional Corn beef n Cabbage dinner, her reply was we are out of that for a while now! That info should have been given to us before we waited to be seated so we could have gone elsewhere, and My dinner was "Irish Lamb Stew" I counted the lamb pieces in that stew I got 4 tiny little chunks so I paid for mashed potatoes & lamb gravy it was terrible and expensive. Avoid Them on St. Pat's Day Band was Terrible as well!
1	Note the date on this review because, yes, this place used to be awesome. I keep giving it chances and now i am DONE. I just had the worst meal ever here. It is the NV salad. It used to be my favorite and i would come once a week back in the day. This salad was so nasty...they forgot the cheese...forgot the salsa and sour cream...it was disgusting. Ad the draft beer is luke warm. Not surprising it was empty when it used to be packed on friday night for dinner.
4	Cute place...I went here after a kickball game with some of my team members.  The staff were fantastic.  I called to make a reservation and they were very nice.  They also called back to make sure it was ok for us to sit in the bar.  Upon arrival the bartender was very pleasant.  She showed me to the table which was marked reserved.  She took drink orders then food orders.  My guests said the food was good but I didn't have anything.There are TVs all around the bar and some games to play as well.This is a little gem in the South Hills!
2	Very strange place. Idk what was going on but I went in around 12 pm and there are tons of young kids (5-8) running around the bar. Not a big deal just thought it odd. Got a huge plate of nachos were alright. The rest of us got assorted hoagies. Just meh sorta flavorless. And side dishes tasted as if they were made a long time ago. Good place 4 a large group to drink get apps tho.
4	Always enjoy the great service and friendly neighborhood atmosphere, plus the food is good.
5	yay! there's still hope for this place!!! we were worried, but we went to the wine dinner last thursday, & it was marvelous! we've been going here pretty much since it opened, like 20ish years. it was a fantastic spot-friendly, helpful staff, great food, good prices. something happened a few years back. some blamed the loss of chefs(they went through quite a few for a while.). there was also a change in management. lou, the owner, wants to retire. he seems to have given the reins over to his nephew chris. you know the saying-when the cat's away the mice will play? it SEEMS as though he doesn't command the same respect or drive, as lou. hopefully, he'll get it right. but they have a new chef, & he seems to be the ticket right now. he's supposed to be friends with chef jamie from season 5 top chef. he came from san diego & plans on staying here in pgh. for a while.the getaway has a wine dinner about 4 times a year. this 1 was called-classic cuisine from around the world. 6 courses with paired wines for $75/person. the wine alone doesn't seem to be covered with that price!!! the course servings were huge & the wines were plentiful. everyone rolled out of there afterwards!!! the chef & the  speaker from majestic wine & spirits, kevin, spoke about each course & wine.the 1st course was lobster & crab bisque with a georges duboeuf macon village. the pieces of crab & lobster were perfectly cooked, not over done.the 2nd course was heirloom tomato & fresh mozzerella bruschetta with piccini chianti docg. beautiful tomatoes in vibrant colors & soft cheese piled on top of a piece of toast, sprinkled with balsamic. the wine was a wonderful match.the 3rd course was a thai chicken burrito served with a ste. chapelle winemaker series riesling. we were nervous about a riesling, but what a great counter to the burrito! it tasted so good!!!  in fact, i see they put the burrito on the menu! good choice!the 4th course was a fresh grilled halibut with a yellow tomato basil sauce, a salad of watercress, feta & strawberries in a champagne vinaigrette with grilled asparagus, paired with 99 vines pinot noir. i am usually not big on fish, but this fish was crazy good! i was doing my dance, just kinda slow. i was actually getting full & i can eat most people under the table!!! plus, there were still 2 more courses!!! the 5th course was a beef wellington with a garnacha de fuego. omg!!! a welly????  the goose pate was so smooth, tasty. the wine was definitely worth it!!! YUM!!!  we bought a bottle the next day. we'll probably empty out the state store!!!finally, the 6th course! dessert!!! what i've been waiting for through the whole meal!!! i had 1 tinsy space left for it! good thing too!!! individual chocolate pecan pies with caramel sauce, ganache  & whipped cream with chocovine wine. it was all so worth the pain i felt from being too full!!! the chocovine wine comes in several flavors. it's like a yoohoo for adults!!! we also bought a bottle of that, in espresso flavor, when we went to the state store! (side note- it's also delish with the bailey's irish cream cake from signature desserts!!!)i would suggest that they give the entire menu when they advertize. most people want to know what they're paying for, especially for that kind of money. the next 1 is the end of may. i'm already counting the days! if you're looking for a fantasic evening out with excellant food, this is the ticket! i hope that this is just the tip of new things to come!!!
2	I haven't been to the Getaway in a few years, and now I remember why.  Aside from my hubby, who got a burger and fries, we were all rather underwhelmed with our dishes.  Once upon a time this place used to be really good.  Now not so much.
3	If I had written this review before today, Getaway Cafe would have gotten 4 stars. As of now, though, I have sadly had to bump the place down to a 3 and have declared it "ok" - I would have declared it to be a "meh" had I not experienced better times here in the past.Previously, my meals here were all wonderful: the French onion soup is delicious and I order it every time I come here, plus the wraps, burgers, gyro and pasta dishes are usually also quite tasty, and the great decorations and atmosphere in the dining hall by the bar put the cherry on top of a near perfect place for me to eat.Now, though, I've finally had a dud of a meal here. As usual, the French onion was pretty darn good and warranted no complaints - but my main course, not so much; after reviewing the menu, I thought, "A steak hoagie? With lettuce, tomato, and cheese, plus mushrooms if I ask? Heck yes!" Turns out despite the menu promising most of the toppings off the bat, either the cook forgot or someone new made my hoagie. It was just meat, cheese and mushrooms, all on a rather tasteless hoagie bun. Bleh. That sandwich was barely touched at the table. I did take it home in the hopes of improving it for later meals. And if nothing else, I did get a pile of french fries with my hoagie, and Getaway Cafe remains the master of the perfect french fry!I haven't lost all hope, especially since I went with a friend who had what looked like a really good pasta special. I certainly won't be ordering a steak hoagie here again, though!
4	My daughter recently moved nearby.  Despite a bunch of negative reviews, we decided to check it out anyway.  4 of us went here for lunch.My my my, what a pleasant surprise!  I was expecting (due to the negative reviews) a real s***hole, but upon entering, the decor is actually very pleasant.  It does not have that typical bar, rundown, needs updating appearance.  And from what I was able to observe, they try to keep it clean; even the Men's bathroom was clean.  The servers were not just wiping the tables clean, either.  They were spraying them with sanitizer and THEN wiping them.On to the food.  As I said, it was lunchtime, and they had a pretty good crowd for lunch.  It took a while for our server to get to us, but once she did, the service was excellent.  Prompt drink service and didn't have to ASK for refills.  She kept our glasses full.  Everyone enjoyed their food (a burger, club sandwich, and 2 different salads).  Not only did the food TASTE good, the presentation was excellent as well.  Nobody in our party ordered dessert; we were all too full.  They DO have a dessert case with some scrumptious looking selections, though.We all agreed we would return to The Getaway Cafe.As I said before, all of the negative reviews of this place made me a bit skeptical.I am glad we checked it out anyways.Based on the fact that my daughter lives in this neighborhood now, we WILL return.  And when I do, I will update this review.  If the food/service/decor changes, so will the rating.  Based on 1 visit, though, I was impressed.Oh, one more thing.  I saw several complaints in previous reviews about this place being overpriced.  I'd say they are about average.  The days of the $5 hamburger are about gone.  This is 2013.  While they may be a buck or two higher than some places, our bill for lunch for a party of 4 (drinks included, tax included) was $44.  Considering that a value meal at McDonald's is about $6 now, that's not too bad.
2	This is one of those places that you really really WANT to like, especially if you live nearby.  I have been mostly underwhelmed by the food,except for their desserts which are perfection.  They have a very ambitious menu which perhaps does not give the cooks time enough to really focus on making fewer items really well. Sometimes the dinners are good, sometimes they are not. The salads are good.  I would only go there to meet a friend for a drink or attend an event that you are invited to, going there as dinner date is a real gamble, even if you do have a groupon.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped into the Getaway last night to catch the last two periods of the Pens vs. Kings game. We arrived around 7:30 and it wasn't crowded so we took a couple of seats at the bar. Rose, the bartender, was quick to ask us what we wanted to drink. Of course I chose a Southern Tier 2X IPA and he chose a Yuengling, Rose knew all of her regulars and was friendly with everyone. The owners were actually sitting at the bar at the same time and seemed to know most of the regulars as well. For my meal, I ordered the getaway signature wrap (romaine lettuce, tomatoes, walnuts, diced chicken, mandarin oranges and feta cheese, drizzled with balsamic dressing). I asked for no walnuts and a nice surprise as well was the fact that there were craisins in the wrap too. With just the right amount of balsalmic spread throughout the wrap, this was very tasty. I chose fries as my side and those were good as well. My boyfriend has eaten here several times and said the wings (particularly the cajun) are tasty as is the quesadilla (which is so huge you can order just a half), and the Reuben, however, last night he chose the steak hoagie (Thin sliced grilled sirloin and provolone cheese on a toasted 8" hoagie roll with lettuce and tomatoes). He said it was tasty and he would order it again. Their desserts are from Signature desserts and they all looked delicious! We chose the pumpkin cheesecake. It had just the right amount of pumpkin flavor and was not overpowering. A very tasty seasonal treat! It's hard to find a combination of good service and good food and we found it here so we will be back in the future.
4	I know I just wrote my review but I stopped here again on Tuesday (11/11) to meet my boyfriend,his sister, and her husband for dinner/drinks and the Pens game and I had 2 food items that I would order here regularly so i had to update......for my meal I had a turkey rachael (and yes I had it on rye not my usual italian or French) and this easily was one of the best I've had in awhile (not quite as good as my favorite from the Smallman Deli but still close). The chips were homemade and crisp-kettle cooked how I prefer them. For apps our table got cajun wings (I did not try these) and a Buffalo chicken pita pizza ( grilled chicken set atop pita bread with Buffalo sauce and ranch dressing) and the pita pizza was 4 pieces so it could easily be a full meal too-which is exactly what I think I'll do next visit. It wasn't overly hot and the ranch definitely helped tone that down. Service, as usual, was stellar so will be returning soon!
1	Went to Getaway last night for famous fajitas. Not so famous anymore... Waitress brought steaming hot plate after very long wait, she forgot the taco shells, when she finally got back , she brought pita bread instead, I corrected her she appologized and fixed it. The cooked meat was bland , no seasoning, like they used to have.wifes steak was overbooked and dry.were looking for a new place now.
2	I feef that the waitress was not trained correctly and she should never have been fired
