5	I'll make this review the 3 S': Short, Sweet, and Simple.You don't know how inspiring it is walk through those glassed doors and into your locale's own chapel. Not leasing or renting or sharing another chapel with another locale, but calling it yours to keep. =] Summerlin has been a locale congregation for almost five years (September this year marks five whole years) and is the third locale in Southern Nevada to purchase a beautiful house of worship. It is located right on the corner of Flamingo and Torrey Pines. If you didn't see this chapel when it was first purchased to how it is continuing to bloom into a rose that grew from concrete than you really won't be able to appreciate how the smallest things in life can be so amazing. This chapel is already gorgeous. And! It isn't even close to being done with renovations yet!If you feel lost in life or alone in the world this place of God would be the place to truly inspire and find yourself again.
5	Iglesia ni Cristo has 3 locations in the clark county. this is the smaller of the 3, but don't be fooled, 'cause it's growing faster. inside the main sanctuary, is beautiful with ornate walls, wood texture, bold colored- pews, and acoustics sound great with a choir. the lot has a good amount of parking. not yet finished, because there's a separate room for the children's worship service hall, coming up soon. 3 parking entrances/exits, for good flow of traffic and 2 main double- door exits. brotherhood is real. people here are pretty much family. lessons taught by the resident minister hit the heart and mind with lessons prepared by the main church administration strictly by the various versions of the bible. you'll be sitting in  your seat, letting each verse connect to your life. the hymns are just as spiritual. there's a bible study every day except for the 2 days there aren't any, because of worship service. aside from the usual, there are different organizational activities that cater to our age groups and/or social needs. for example, coming up, is our "Sports Mentor" volleyball camp. if you're searching for a religion/church, you've just found it, so come by!
5	Hay, we're talking about GOD here. Nuff said. Actually I can go on and on about HIM, but that's not what this review is about. In order for you to communicate with HIM effectively, you need to acknowledge him in the best possible place you can be. The Iglesia Ni Cristo (Church of Christ). Worship services are Sundays 7:30 am, 11 am, and 6 pm.Thursday 6:30 am, 5:30 pm, and 8 pm.There are also bible studies Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays usually about the same time (around 7-7:30). Please feel free to stop by to verify or call for more info. I encourage you to search for the truth.
5	I want to share MY STORY as a convert inside the Iglesia Ni Cristo also known as Church of Christ. I was born and raised in the Church of Christ of Latter Day Saints. Growing up I attended Sunday Schools and I enjoyed it; I even owned a book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants to bring to Sunday schools. My mom was a Sunday school teacher and all the kids loved her. I looked forward every Sunday coming to church, because of my church friends that I don't see every day for we attend different schools. Also my teacher brought prizes for those who read their verses assigned to us from previous class. My favorite hymn growing up was I Am A Child of God, I still remember some of the lyrics to this day. As my mom's work schedule became busy, she had to let go of her duty as a Sunday school teacher. We slowly stopped attending worship services, until we stopped completely. Although she never stopped reminding me that God is always first and that even though we did not attend church every Sunday, I should always pray and never stop believing in God.I have been to different churches in between my youth for I have friends that would invite me and since my mom and I are not "church goers" anymore I just go with my friends simply to hang out and not for the purpose of finding a church to attend to. I even go with my Aunt and Uncles to the Catholic Church, because I thought the night masses during Christmas was cool. Then in In High School a friend of mine invited me to attend their worship service in the church called Iglesia Ni Cristo. I have never heard of this church before and I had no idea what it was. As a "typical visitor" I had no idea that women and men sat separately, upon knowing this it came as a surprise to me and confused me a little. I did not sign up for bible study right away, like I said I wasn't looking for a church I simply came just to hang out with friends. A few more invites to worship services and bible study I began to have questions of my own. I was even curious as to why this friend of mine who keeps inviting me is so devoted to attending their worship service TWICE A WEEK. I could not even attend one, but he on the other side attended TWICE. Not only that, he had choir practices on Tuesdays and Fridays which makes him come to church pretty much the whole week. And even though our friends have plans to hangout if he has a duty to attend to, he will not come with us instead he will go to church.As my curiosity grew I attended one of their bible studies again, this time it was held at their house which gave the minister a chance to talk to me and ask me if I had questions or concerns that I would like to address. At that time I did not have questions, but rather I find myself comparing their teachings to what I know from the Mormon Church. I found a lot of similarities which I voiced out to the minister and he invited me to listen to their lessons privately, so he can have the chance to answer my questions and point out the differences between churches.After asking for my mom's permission I decided to sign up with their bible studies in February 2007 and she was supportive with my decision. I attended bible study with an open mind although deep in my heart I had my biased opinion regarding the church I grew upon The Mormon Church. Later, I find myself drawn to the study and the more I attended the clearer the teachings was to me. I also started attending the Worship Services every Thursdays and Sundays. The brethren were heartwarmingly friendly and accepted me with open arms. I felt like "I belong" and not once did I feel like an outcast. I kept attending and that's when I felt peace in my heart. Somehow the feeling I had when I was younger, the excitement going to church suddenly came back. I always looked forward to Worship Services for the one hour of worshiping God, no matter how crappy my day was I felt quiet and peaceful. Then in January 2008 I was baptized. It's one of the moments in my life that I will not forget; the feeling of being reborn. It's something you have to experience for yourself, for it's hard to explain in words.I encourage you to attend with an open mind and understand the teachings of Iglesia Ni Cristo. We are not here to judge or to argue. Your questions are answered using the bible and not the opinion of our Ministers. To listen does not mean you will be converted. It is your choice. After listening to the teachings and you feel it's not for you, feel free to walk away. No one is forcing you to join the Church of Christ. We simply ask for you to hear the truth and be the judge for yourself.
