3	This Walmart is okay.Always packed, so its expected to be cluttered insideCustomer service is hard to find.. always not enough cashiersThe only reason I come here is because its the closest Walmart with a Self-Checkout.Mainly its the unlawful customers that drive this location down.
1	RUN! RUN AWAY... I was to this center and at truly a horrible experience. For starters at the Pharmacy the lady that that is very hard to under stand due to her language barrier problem needs to work on her people skills. She became very verbally aggressive and agitated toward me when i was picking up my prescription. She also appeared to be incompetent in performing her job duties. I presented a certificate from my DR. explaining that the client pays only $15.00 & the instructions on how to use it was written in clear ENGLISH on the back. She mentioned "this saying coupon is expired". That is impossible cause there is no date printed anywhere on the certificate. She would not release the prescription after they have filled it. Now she is demanded "you pay 268.00" Who in their right mind talks to a customer like that and expect them to remain a customer of theirs -- Hm Not me. The are very un professional, Lucy & Ethel could have done a better job going in there with no formal training. Lastly I wouldn't even recommend this pharmacy to my worst enemy.
4	This is the safest, cleanest, and best stocked Walmart in the Phoenix city limits. This location shows the most amount of pro-activeness in keeping customers and staff safe. They do not tolerate any illegal behavior inside or outside the store in the parking lot. You will get arrested. PPD units are generally within a one minute response time. Awesome! Parking is safe. Lots of stock. Rarely out of anything. The staff are actually nicer here than at more affluent Walmart locations in Chandler or Gilbert where they have attitudes. Thanks 35th  Ave Walmart ; ) I think it's because of a great store management team that this one location happens to be the best even though it's in a rough area.
1	Fine, we know not to expect 5-Star customer service at Walmart, and I AM a regular shopper with them, but my experience at this particular store yesterday was just awful!There were plenty of customers, but almost NO Walmart Associates to be found anywhere in the store!  One thing I wanted was an mp3 player.  I finally found an unfriendly gal who worked in that department to ask where they were, as I couldn't find them.  She seemed put out to have to answer a question, waved her arm, & said something like, "They're over there somewhere".  After a careful look "over there" I returned to her.  Annoyed again, she reluctantly agreed to try to go find some one who knew more about the small department she worked in than she did.  Eventually she returned & removed four mp3 players from a locked cabinet near the cash register & showed them to me, & scanned them to determine the prices.  (None of them were quite what I wanted.)Next it was over to the cleaning supplies of the grocery are to find a bottle of the popular cleaner, CLR.  There wasn't any.  Next it was over to the Paint Department to buy a can of spray paint which was locked up.  After a long search for an associate to help me there, I ended up back up over at Electronics to have Miss Rude page someone to paint for me.  I wanted a long time in Paint & no one ever came, so I begged the gal over in the auto repair area to help me.  She came & unlocked the cabinet so I could get my paint.  She also helped me look for my CLR in hardware.  Yes, they carry it, but they were out of it, in both sizes!There were other problems here too, but you get the idea.  My stay was LONG & not very fruitful.  This Walmart is ROCK BOTTOM, or at least it was on Sunday.  They brag that a Cart Pusher can become General Manager.  Well, maybe that shouldn't be so!     :-O
3	I would give it one star just for being Walmart. Ok during the day, the night is insane. Wild lines that cascade into the clothing section. The key machines been broken a week and they don't take returns after 10. Walmarts morals are just scary, but I'm reviewing it for what it is, a Walmart.
1	Awful Awful Awful .........unfortunately its only a mile from where I live and not another store closer. Never have shopping carts in the store whn u get there u mill around the parking lot to catch somebody rtn to there car and ask for the cart !! Went 5 times over 21/2 weeks for cabbage , morn , noon and night and it was never there . Alot of items are never there just an empty space . Or they carry am item and whn u go back there is another brand of the same kind of stuff but not the one u have been using .  Some items dont even give u a choice they only have one kind and that is that . Service is horrid , since April have only had one nice cashier . You cant get any help waited 30 min in fabrics and had to walk down to the photo lab 2 times to get them to page someone , and then the girl was mift she had to help me .
3	This Wal-Mart is a little better than the one on 19th Ave and Bethany. (I live pretty much in between the two). I definitely feel more comfortable at this Walmart as opposed to the other one. Customer Service is slightly better. Parking is not too congested. I find good parking every time I come here. Not the cleanest parking lot, though.
3	Okay place. Never really too packed. Night owls come here more often and they only have ONE lane open. A little cleaner than other Walmarts in the area.
1	It's been a little over a year since I frequented this Walmart and sadly, it still has poor management, or IS THERE a Store Manager?  My shopping experience today started with walking inside & not seeing any of the hand baskets to us for the numerous but small items on my list.  They're back to having Greeters, so I asked the lady where the hand baskets are & she said way down at the other end of the store.  WHY DON'T THEY HAVE THEM AT BOTH ENTRANCES?I walked down to the other end of the store where there was another Greeter at that end telling me, "No, we don't have those anymore."  Well, WHY NOT?  If it made sense to have them before, what has happened?  Have all the customers suddenly stopped liking them?  I think not.= = = = = =(5/21 EDIT:  I learned today that this is not the only Valley Walmart that has stopped offering hand baskets, and I will disregard this in my Star Rating.  A non-employee of a security company that works at Walmarts to catch shoplifters told me they are having a lot of trouble Valley wide with customers running off with the hand baskets, so they have stopped buying them at at least some stores.  Ok, but it's still 1 Star for other reasons.) = = = = = =So moving right along, I went out into the area near the entrance & got a wheeled shopping cart, but it was defective.  WHY IS IT THERE?  Why the bad carts culled out before opening time & someone called to come fix or replace them?  Is this any way to run a store?  I think not.After finding a cart that would roll, I went to get my first item, some hair stuff I use and always buy at Walmart.  Rather than neatly organized as at other Walmarts, everything was stocked all willy-nilly, with even the various brands all mixed together.  I finally found the spot where my item stocks, but they were OUT OF IT!  I have an idea...  HAVE WHAT YOU CARRY, IN STOCK!  Was there suddenly a rush on this one obscure item?  I think not.Then it was over to buy some notepads that I always buy at Wal*Mart.  I eventually found them, in the WRONG BIN, with the WRONG PRICE posted at the display!  Is this ok?  I think not.I needed an outdoor thermometer.  There was a sign hanging up on an aisle that said "Thermometers", but there wasn't a single one to be found within eight feet of the sign.  The area was devoted to locksets.  Is this ok?  I think not.I did find the four more items I was looking for, but then up at the checkout THE LIGHT WAS ON BUT THERE WAS NO CASHIER.  Eventually someone came & checked me out.  Is this ok?  I think not.This is SO not the way to run a department store, even a discount one.  Why doesn't Corporate care about having this store run at even the thrifty standard that is expected at a discount chain?  Ugh!  Drive past this Walmart to ANY other one in the Valley, even my iffy one down here deep, deep in the barrio (say "vadio") at 35th Av. & Southern!     :-))
1	This Walmart was a DISASTER CASE again today, just as it has been every time I have been here for years.  The stock in the aisle of the main item I was shopping for looked like a tornado had hit it.  Everything was all mixed up & many of the items looked as if they had been returned to the store opened with not everything there, & just thrown willy-nilly back into the shelves for resale anyway!     :-OI also had business over at the Customer Service counter, where I waited TWENTY-FIVE MINUTES to be seen by a rude cashier!  They had two working, & one station sitting unattended the whole time I waited.  (Couldn't Store Manager Joshua Lauderdale see the long, slow line & either tell the employee woman who was just standing around in the area doing nothing (Department Manager?) to get her ass over to the empty register, or if not that, at least bring somebody over from the checkouts or somewhere else?)     :-OA TINY bit of credit due, but not enough to earn this one another Star.  The store was busy, and they had a good number of self-checkouts plus a moderate number of checkstands open (for a change).     :-|
4	Much cleaner and nicer location than 15th Ave & Bethany Home Rd. Employees are friendlier and more willing to help here it seems. Bigger store with slightly larger selection also.
5	they did us right better service than home depot christmas trees much better price same tree  we bought the 89 tree prelit looks great 150 at home ripp off depot
