5	Hooray!!!! This place is off the hook awesome good! The owner and staff are so polite everything I ate was cooked perfect and I could taste that everything was so fresh so next time your thinking red lobster stop here instead like I did! You won't be disappointed and not familiar with Peruvian food this is a great place to get familiar with it .......definitely will be back!
4	As a Peruvian ex-pat, I constantly find myself under tremendous pressure when trying to satisfy my sivichi craving. I'm a regular at "Las Americas", "Don Beto" and "Mi Peru" - all of which are respectable establishments in their own merit. However, when news came through that a small, family-run restaurant was being born; I was forced to visit.Upon first arrival I noticed a minor lacking of decoration, which is understandable as they have only recently opened. Their seating arrangement is comfortable, taking advantage of the large space provided, without seeming too empty. If I had not known this was a Peruvian restaurant, I would've thunk this was a 60's style diner! Not a bad thing, just unexpected.A kind and familiar face welcomed us and led us to our thrones. Quickly, she brought our drinks and a small bowl of Peruvian Fried Corn, a tradition. The Menu seemed rather unintuitive, featuring a handful of classic dishes, but missing some too. More than anything, the restaurant's young age is seen in various ways. I firmly believe that through hard work and perseverance, their experiences will come with time.I'm not one to order several dishes, but I had been craving a good ol' Peruvian meal for awhile, so my comrade and I decided on 5 dishes. A breeze of onion signalled the arrival of the "Choritos a la Chalaca" - which were good enough. The choritos didn't feel overly fresh, but the onion relish topping was fantastic - helping cover up any mishaps caused by the choritos. Completely understandable seeing as we're in the middle of the desert, a beautiful one at that. Before we could finish enjoying our choritos, a heaping plate of "Chicharron de Calamar" made its way to our table and hearts. We were won over by the light yet crispy coating which made these feel like small pillows from heaven. Flavorful yet not over the top. A house specialty!As mentioned earlier, my main motivation came at the hands of the sivichi; I was slightly surprised after having been underwhelmed at other similar restaurants. The fish was cut well and the seasonings were just right. This took me back to the innocent days as a kid, sitting on Peruvian shores enjoying this same dish. Nostalgic.To top it all off, I decided to splurge and give the "Anticuchos" a shot. Boy was I happy I did! Their flavor profile was spot-on, although they could've been cut a tad thinner, just personal preference.All in all, I'm very pleased with the whole experience. Friendly staff, flavorful dishes and reasonable prices. There is great potential in this establishment and I hope to be there years from now when this is a booming part of the Las Vegas economy.
5	My Husband and I are from El Salvador !!! But we really like the Peruvian Food... Some of our favorite dishes are Ceviche, Lomo Saltado, chicken Lima Limon and others..A nice atmosphere, local comprehensive, nice and clean.. And excellent Service...The Best Peruvian Food in Las Vegas ....***** CONGRATULATIONS *****!!!!!!!!  God Bless You !!!!!!!!!!
2	First time going into the restaurant. My wife told me to give it a try, so, what the heck! Needs to work on the decor. The server was good. Needs to check the table a little more. Food, Tiradito de Pescado and Lomo saltado to start. The fish was tasty, the sauce need a little more cream. The saltado, over cooked beef, salty, three pieces of tomato but still eat it. Entree was a Jalea. The amount perfect for two people. The flavor was really good. I give them props on that, the only thing was the onions. Wow, thank god that there was mint on the cashier because I literally cried. Those where the strongest non-washed red onions that I've ever try in my life. I ask for extra lemon to kill the gas that came out of them every time I ate them. The menu, small to start. Prices are fare for the area that is located but should have more publicity. Peruvians go by word of mouth when it comes to food.But one thing that they have in advantage over other places is the space. They should try a buffet like the one in Huntington Beach, CA. That place is always packed. Sure, compared to the amount of Peruvians there to here in Las Vegas huge difference.
4	Lima Limon was popping up when I was delving deep into Yelp looking for lunch options.  A factoid about myself that might very well scare some of you dearly is that I, on extremely indecisive days, can sometimes spend 10s of minutes just scouring the search results of Yelp looking for that new place to try, sometimes ending up 20 pages in without still being able to decide.  I'd ended up on Lima Limon's yelp page a few times, but they sure don't make it easy to make a call in order.  I couldn't find ANY menu presence online, as they don't appear to have an official site, and none were uploaded to Yelp.  I ended up on their facebook where they sometimes post pictures of specials, but again I couldn't see anything definitive as far as a menu.  I decided to do something I've never done in my life, I basically cold called them and practically asked them to decide for me what to get.  The girl who answered was friendly, though she did seem a little dumbfounded at my request (naturally).   I believe she asked if I liked chicken, and I said yes, and then I asked if there was any cream or butter or milk in the preparation, and the next thing I know she mentioned something about seafood and I ended up with a rice with seafood (arroz con marisco) dish on order.  I asked if they had iced tea which is my norm and she brought up some specialty peruvian drinks.   Sure why not.   Off I went to collect both food and drink of which I had no idea what I was getting.   If this were a movie my heart would be pounding out of my chest while the protagonist was driving to the restaurant.  Since it was real life and I have no emotions I was fine.When I arrived I perused a take out menu which I was nice enough to take some crappy pics of and upload here so you can have somewhat of an easier time ordering if you choose to do so.   I went straight for the descriptions of the drinks to figure out what I might be getting.  There were two options, one passion fruit based and the other sweet corn and pineapple based.  I love passion fruit so I assumed I was getting the pineapple and sweet corn drink (which they had just finished pouring).   I asked and they confirmed in a friendly manner.I didnt even bother looking at the food before heading back to the office.  When I got back and finally opened it, I was pleasantly surprised by how it looked,smelled, and ultimately tasted.  It was a rice dish mixed with a lot of various pieces of seafood (shrimp, mussels, calamari) and veggies all mixed in a nice sauce that provided reddish/orange hue.  It had a bit of a kick which was nice, and the flavors were magnificent.  I devoured the whole thing quicker than it takes me to figure out what I'm going to eat daily.The drink turned out better than I'd imagined, though it was very sweet which I'm usually not a fan of.   I probably wouldn't order it again though I wouldnt mind trying the passion fruit one at another time.Overall, don't let the lack of web presence Lima Limon has prevent you from trying it, there's clearly some good flavors coming out of there.   For me it certainly deserves further investigation, and now I have a powerful takeout menu handy.
4	Amazing ceviche!!
4	We ate at Lima Limon on 3-12-2013.  It was a little hard to find as it was in a shopping center and didn't face Decatur as I thought it would.  I have no experience in eating Peruvian food but my girlfriend is from Peru and she said the quality of food was good.  What I ate was good (Lomo Saltado).  She had Mixed Ceviche  (with calamar, shrimp, oyster, onion, fish) which I tasted and it was good.  They had a salsa (Huacatay) which was nice and spicy and complimented the food very well.  The resturant was clean, looked new and the service was good.  They served Pervuian drinks which I would recommend and their were many dishes on the menu that looked and sounded very good.  I recommend this resturant if you like to try different foods.   We got there before  lunch and were served quickly and our order came out quickly.  I recommend giving this place a try,....you won't regret it.
4	When I was about 13, Lomo Saltado was a sick, sick obsession of mine. I used to eat it at least once a week and then I burned out on it, but lately I've been craving for it again. I've had this bookmarked the moment it went on Yelp. I love peruvian food...it's like the odd baby of South American flavors I like and Asian food (Chinese immigrant influence to the country). Hooray, rice!. We were given some crispy homemade cornuts (cancha) to snack on while we wait and some spicy aji to dip....it was pink, which I've never had before, I've always had the usual green. Lomo Saltado - pretty solid lomo! Yay! The beef was pretty tender which is the make or break point since really it's a pretty easy dish to make. Ask for a bit of lime to squeeze on and I used some of the aji on it which is how I've always eaten it. We wanted to get the lima limon chicken but they were out of the sauce so we asked what was popular and went with one of the recommended dishes.Arroz con Mariscos -  The rice was seasoned well  and it was plentiful of seafood. The only thing I didn't like about it was the mussels had a strong flavor, but the seafood all were cooked right. I think I prefer just octopus and shrimp in my arroz than a whole mix, personal preference I guess. Portions here are pretty sizeable so for the $12ish each of these entrees cost, they were rather large. Instead of getting just coke, grab one of the specialty drinks if you can. We got some of the marucuya (passionfruit) and that was pretty refreshing.... You can buy by cup or pitcher and we should have gotten a pitcher. Service was pretty decent. I've seen the reviews about some servers not really being attentive, but our guy server checked  up on us a few times throughout eating to see if we needed anything. This is a positive change and thankful as the food is pretty good.Just a note you can't see if from the stree when you're driving, but you'll see a Catherines Plus Sized store and Red Lobster. If you're here on a weekday before 3, also ask about lunch specials! Yes, I will be back for more lomo saltado!
4	Yum Yum Yum!  Thank you fellow yelpers for helping me pick my dinner last night and for not disappointing in the reviews.  I would have never found this place had it not been for you.  It's hidden in a half empty shopping center off Decatur and Meadows.  Although yelp says 10, they actually were closing at 9 last night (he said they close whenever his aunt and uncle feel like it).  We got there about 845 and the waiter/host was super nice and told us to come in and sit down.  There were only people at a couple tables and I was weary, as I had never had Peruvian food before.  I asked the waiter what he recommended and I ended up with an Inka Cola (tasted like big red soda) and the Beef Saltado.  It was SO good!  The meat was very flavorful and the fries soaked up all of the yummy juices.  I hope this place stays around so I can eat here more often.
5	The real deal!  This place is nothing super fancy but the food is absolutely incredible.  Ceviche is best seen to date.  Portions are large so sharing is perfect.  Recommend without hestiation.
5	The ceviche mixto is my favorite! All the sea food ingredients were so fresh and the taste was so good! The place is very clean and all the dishes were very appetizing! I'm so glad that this was the place we have chosen to celebrate my birthday!
4	I put a review 4 months ago and also talk to the owner of the place. Boy, what a 180* turn did she did on the items. The Jalea with plenty of calamary and fish. The lomo saltado need it more flame but still good. The Tiradito, wow! Way better than the first time. We also got a Causa for special because of Mothers Day. The service actually a lot faster. The best part are the prices, compared to the other "Peruvian" restaurants around Las Vegas, prices are adequate for the menu. If the restaurant keeps it like this it can do really good on the future.
4	When we first got here the place was empty, which made me a little apprehensive...maybe everyone else knew something I didn't.We decided to go with it anyway and were happy we did.I ordered the pollo saltado and having had it several times at several different restaurants, I will say that this was as good as any other I've had.My girlfriend ordered the fettuccine with shrimp. While I thought this was a strange choice, I tried it and was surprised. It tasted like it had cinnamon in it, and even thought that may sound odd, it was a lovely addition to this dish.I will certainly come back.
5	If I had a peruvian friend... this is what I imagine their mom's cooking to taste like!!! Everything is always so fresh! The Cerviche and Saltado (chicken & beef) are my favorite so far. I haven't had a chance to dine inside but whenever I to-go from here, the service is awesome!!! The older lady in the front is always smiling and speaking to me in spanish (even though she knows i don't understand since i'm asian), which makes me feel really welcomed :)!!
5	I didn't know about this place until my aunt told me about it, I've been to Mi Peru, Inka grill, las americas. Let me tell you this place defeats them all when it comes down to the Peruvian food. The portions are big unlike the other restaurants i metioned, this place keeps it traditional with the music in the background. The only thing that was sketchy upon first arrival was that it was behind an empty lot, there seemed to be nobody here. This place is a very casual place to go eat it at. My favorite dishes from here are saltado de mariscos, arroz chaufa, aji de gallina, and the dessert helado de lucuma con alfajor. YEAH! DEFEATED!
5	Excellent portions and seasonings. I am half Peruvian and went with two Peruvian aunts to eat here during our trip to Vegas. We went two days in a row as the food was excellent. I ordered the jalea and the arroz chaufa de mariscos the first day for my family. The two orders were enough for 3 or 4 people. The next day I ordered the parihuela. It was thick and tasteful. All the ingredients were fresh and one could tell. The restaurant was very clean and large and the music in the background made for a perfect afternoon. The only downer was the mini mall it was located in was pretty empty. I hope the word gets around about this gem!
5	WOW!!!! This is THE BEST restaurant in Vegas! First off, I have been dying for a good Peruvian restaurant and it has been slim pickings up until now. When my daughter and I walked in, the place is clean and modern. Instantly, you feel a very authentic Peruvian vibe. They were playing Peruvian music and the tv was set to Univision. It actually brought me back to younger years when I lived in South Florida, with such a strong Latin culture, where this music would be fully appreciated! Significantly unlike any other restaurant you will visit in Vegas. When we ordered the food - papa la huancaina, ceviche de pescado & lomo saltado, dear God I thought we died and went to heaven. Being Peruvian myself and having grown up with traditional home cooked Peruvian food, my standards are REALLY high. Not only did the food taste like my parents made it, but when I asked the server if they used GMOs or organics, he said that they used organic. Clearly, that is not verified at this time. However, the food was so savory and heavenly, I wouldn't doubt if it was organic. I don't remember ever going to a restaurant where the food tasted this completely amazing... ever! And I've been to some pretty amazing restaurants in my day. If I could give Lima Limon 10 stars, I would. Definitely a MUST. Go check it out for yourself!
5	Don't be put off by the somewhat bland, strip mall decor. Great, authentic Peruvian food. Had the ceviche, chicken lomas, and boiled potatoes. All terrific. The ceviche was dynamite! Enthusiastic and attentive service. Plan to make it a habit.
4	Let me preface my review by saying I have never had Peruvian food before, so unfortunately, I can't comment on the authenticity of the food. This restaurant had been recommended to us by a friend claiming it was the best Peruvian food in Vegas and so my boyfriend and I decided we would check it out. The location is a little unappealing - although very easy to get to, it's in quite a deserted strip mall, so there's not much activity happening there otherwise. Once inside, we were greeted by a friendly server in Spanish and immediately seated. We arrived at around 7:30 p.m. and there were about 2-3 other groups of people dining at that time. The interior resembled an old 50s diner with upgraded light fixtures. Also, interestingly, the entertainment comprised of Jackass on MTV, which we felt was a tad bit inappropriate for a family/dining establishment (about halfway through our meal, it was changed to "I Love You Man" on Comedy Central, an improvement but still questionable).The menu was simple and consisted of appetizers, entrees (chicken, beef, and seafood), dessert and beverages. We had the maracuya (a passion fruit drink which we thought it tasted like guava/guayaba) and chicha morada (although a corn drink, we thought it tasted like a chai tea or horchata - really, the cinnamon was the overpowering flavor). These drinks were $2 a cup (no free refills) and otherwise they had regular fountain drinks available.Our order initially consisted of the palta rellena, arroz chaufa, and pescado a lo macho. Again, never having had Peruvian food, we had no idea what to expect and merely went by recommendations provided from other reviews. The server came back to let us know that they were out of the palta rellena and recommended we try the tiradito de pescado as an appetizer instead. Although I was really looking forward to the palta rellena (avocado stuffed with cooked potatoes, mayonnaise, and cooked chicken), the fish strips bathed in yellow pepper lemon sauce were surprisingly delightful - something to note was that the fish and sauce are cold, I was expecting that they would be warm. The arroz chaufa was merely chicken fried rice, with a slightly different flavor than what you would expect at any traditional Asian restaurant. The menu description for pescado a lo macho was fried fish topped with Peruvian fish sauce and served with white rice - there were some additional seafood items included with the fish sauce and fried fish, such as calamari, octopus, oyster, and shrimp - that being said, the dish was probably the most delicious of the two entrees. To end, we had the crema volteada, which is essentially like a flan but made with milk and is therefore a lot thicker in substance. Overall, we thought the server was very friendly and attentive and the food was tasty, but I gave it a 4-star rating since the atmosphere was a little off. I would definitely come back and try something else (including that palta rellena) someday!
1	Do not recommend this place. The bland, unappealing and cheap decor would have been excused had the food been good.That was not the case. The quality of food served was on par with McDonalds except a much higher price tag.
1	Very mediocre Peruvian food.  The place has this really funny smell, which in my case, it prevents me from enjoying any meal.  We ordered a "Bistec a lo pobre" and the meat was not good at all.  It was extra seasoned so it would taste better but it didn't.  The plantains were about to go bad which I found out by the taste of them.  Rice was good and french fries....Peruvian food is so delicious that is upsetting we don't have a decent Peruvian restaurant in Las Vegas.  Honeslty, there is NONE.
5	This place was great! I was in the Las Vegas area and someone recommended this place. I've been to Peru before and I loved the flavorful food there. I've eaten at Peruvian restaurants before and usually ended up disappointed by the food but this place was definitely an exception. The food was very delicious and presentation was authentic.I ordered the Ceviche and the Lomo Saltado and they were both outstanding! The flavor and presentation of the ceviche was excellent and the Lomo Saltado was prepared perfectly. The meat was very flavorful. I was also happy with the service. The food was delivered quickley and the waiter was attentive.The place could use a little more decoration but don't let that put you off. If you want authentic, delicious Peruvian food this place is great choice!
4	for never having tried Peruvian food before it was pretty good.
4	Coming from LA, I was hooked on lomo saltado. When I moved to Vegas, I was on the hunt for a good authentic Peruvian restaurant. After about 3 or 4 places, I gave up. Until I found this place on yelp, which is conveniently located down the street from meadows mall. I've been here numerous times and order the same thing all the time. Lomo saltado!!! It's a thin pieces of beef cooked with onions, peppers, tomatoes and cilantro. They throw in French fries in the mix to soak up some of the juices. (I do wish that they would use the steak cut fries instead of normal fries, but thats just me). All served with a side of rice!! So so yummy. Tender cuts of meat cooked and seasoned perfectly. Only down side is that they don't serve the green sauce that is a staple in other Peruvian restaurants. They do offer a red hot sauce if you are looking for the extra kick. If you are in the area. I highly recommend this place. The waiters are super sweet and attentive. P.S. I freaking love onions so the fact there there are tons of onions in this dish is a plus!!! And the onions are still crunchy!!! Mmmm
3	If this place had better service, it would have five stars in my book. The food was really good. I had the tiradito, and all I could think is that I wanted more.  We also tried the stuffed avocado, and it was really good. As we were enjoying our food, my eyes kept wandering to the near-by tables. Based on what I saw, I will be going back.What I didn't like was the service. Our server took FOR-EVER to get us our drinks and food. Everything was in slow motion, and it wasn't busy. Also, the restaurant doesn't exactly have ambiance. It was clearly a diner, a tacky one at that, before the Peruvians took it over. That won't stop me from going back. However, I might order take out next time.
4	A very nice Peruvian girl took me here, she certified it authentic, I certify it tasty. Good value, you will take home a box. Feels like grandma is making you dinner. Clean place. Go here, try it.
5	Wow, wonderful service and delicious food , conveniently located (for me). I will admit I am not exactly familiar with Peruvian cuisine, but our server was able to easily guide our choices, describing pretty much the entire menu in detail. I am a fan! The portions were generous and the ingredients were fresh.The Lomo Saltado was off the hook. I'm craving it right now. I've actually made it myself at home since having visited Lima Limon, but I'll take theirs any day of the week.
5	Lomo saltado and seafood saltado were really great and if you ask for their spicy sauce it makes the dish taste even better. Our server/host Juan had great knowledge of all their dishes and was very hospitable. Their location might be hard to find for some since they are located in the commercial area that leads to Target. In short, they're behind the gas station in the corner of decatur and meadows. Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
4	Best ceviche had since travelled in Peru years ago. Very authentic and great helpings - had the lomo saltado and anticuchios which were delicious. Service very warm - perhaps overly attentive! Decor - authentic I suppose :p but doesn't compromise eating experience.
4	Had the Lomo saltada. It was really good. The meat was juicy and the sauce for the meat is amazing. Mix it in with the rice and your golden. The hot sauce also is very delicious not sure what it is exactly but I used it for the meat, the onions, the tomatoes, and fries. Good on everything. Worth a try for sure. Just wish they had something else on TV besides telemundo news
5	Food is great however the service can definitely use some improvement. Will definitely be returning.
5	Excellent food, el chaufa de mariscos Muy Bueno y la picadera buena seleccion para la entrada!!!!
4	All I have to say is the food was amazing!!! I got the tacu plate and it was so good! The service was slow. But the food made up for it. Definitely will be going back just to get the food! Yum!
5	My friend and I were visiting Nevada from Vancouver, Canada. We decided to try out some local Peruvian and drove across the city to eat at this place. Sooooo glad we did, wow! We had the ceviche mixto, the avocado stuffed with potatoes and chicken and the lomo saltado. Amazing flavours, I haven't had such good ceviche since I was in South America. We couldn't stop talking about this place so after leaving the Grand Canyon we set our GPS to Lima Limon and had it one last time. Muchas gracias Lima Limon, su comida es muuuuuuuuy rica!!
4	Peruvian food in Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa... so good! Fresca in the Bay Area is really hard to top, but this place is a great replacement for SF transplants. The set up is a bit funky - this place used to be some sort of 50's style diner and they have kept the decor, but it looks like they are trying to fix up the back area to be more in line with the style they are going for. They use an iPad as their menu, which is a great way to see pics of their food and get a feel for the portion size. Our waitress was extremely helpful and patient, I highly suggest getting the calamari appetizer and their in-house mayo. I had asked her which of the specialty drinks she preferred (I can't think of the names now, but one was passion fruit flavored and the other one was more cinnamon) and she actually offered samples of the drinks. And there weren't tiny cups, she filled up 1/3 of a regular cup and let us taste it. Both had really distinct and strong flavors that paired well with our meal, so definitely order a specialty drink when you're here. I ended up with the lomo saltado as an entree - I wish the meat was a little bit more tender, but still, good flavors and portions. They also do have an aji de gallina which our waitress said they only have as a breakfast special, so I'll try to come back for that. I'll definitely be back to explore the menu a bit more and order those wonderful drinks.
5	Driving Around Town Looking For Something Different Came Across This Peruvian Restaurant. Didn't want to try regular chain restaurants. I had the lomo saltado. It was delicious ! Lots of flavor and the salsa was AMAZING Tangy Perfect for my rice :) I would go back next time I'm in town(california ). The free corn was bomb!!
4	We discovered Lima Limon through yelp as a newly open peruvian restaurant.   We chose the usual dishes that people would normally get at other Peruvian places in the area.   We got ceviche mixto,  lomo saltado, chicken  chufa, and sopa de pollo. The lomo  saltado taste inconsistently depend on the time & day we went. Otherwise it a solid Peruvian restaurant.
4	The ceviche was amazing! Fresh and delicious. The rice was also flavorful. The sampler plate is a good option to share.
1	Unfortunately I had to give a one star to this restaurant .I decided to make an order over the phone for my food to be pick up on my way to work. i called one hour prior to make the order .after hour and 10 minutes i went to get the food .well it turn out they didn't have it ready . when the lady on the phone told me it will be ready at 12 .I LEFT WITH NO FOOD - I can get food anywhere is Las Vegas, but they lost money and a customer .Customer service is the number one factor in a business it can give you lots of success of it can be a business downfall .
3	Went in on a Friday night. Good food but expect to wait a long time if ordering take out.  For a such a size establishment, they were understaffed.
4	Tried this place out and fell in love with the food. I loved it so much I've been here twice and I recommended my friends to give it a try and they too loved it. Our waiter Jose is just wonderful, so helpful to new customers and very attentive. Just a quick heads up...Since Jose is the only waiter be ready to wait a little bit before getting waited on but he does try to go as fast as he can. If this is your first time trying out Lima Limon just let Jose know and he will bring you his Tablet where you will be able to see a picture of the plates, that way you will know what your plate will look like before ordering it. They also bring out their Peruvian corn kernels to snack on.I recommend trying out everything on the menu as I plan to do just that, hehe
4	I have been to this restaurant 3 times, and I will keep on coming back. I had a chicken soup was good, arroz chaufa good too, and a lomo saltado ( my favorite dish there so far!)The staff is nice and I have no complaints. They do take a little longer when is busy, but that is expected as people eat at restaurants they like. I never waited too long for my food though. Overall, I like the food and the staff so I give it four stars. Also, I plan on bringing my peruvian family from out of town to this restaurant!
5	Kicking myself for not stopping by earlier! The food here is so good :) I've driven by a few times and thought, someday I'll try it. So glad I finally did :D Really friendly staff and amazing food. I had the Lomo Saltado, highly recommended :D
5	Such a great find in Las Vegas! I lived in Peru for 2 years and return often for business.  The food here is just as good as it gets.  As is in Peru, the portions are huge and flavorful!  We had a Lomo Saltado, an Arroz con Mariscos, ceviche...and a few other typical platters. Everything was wonderful. The service was great. I can't wait to get back to Las Vegas, just to return to this restaurant.
5	I lived in Peru for 7 years, and I was really excited to try this restaurant.  A friend and I dined there this evening and I can honestly say, this is authentic Peruvian fare!  We shared the sampler platter of seafood which was recommended by the owner, who is Peruvian, and it was delicious.  Then we shared a dessert, I can't remember the name, but basically it was "flan".  Great experience!  The service was excellent and the food was exceptional.  I highly recommend it....
3	So I went to check out this new place and although they do not have a lot of the plates I was expecting they have really really really good ceviche!!!! And there prices and fair!!
5	#1 family-owned Peruvian restaurant in Las Vegas. Staff is always so welcoming and open to accommodating your meal to your liking. I bring my girlfriend here whenever we are craving peruvian cuisine. Definitely recommend the Ceviche Mixto and the lomo saltado. You have to try the Inca Cola with your meal.  The ultimate meal is the Seafood platter sufficient for two. I have tried every peruvian restaurant in LV and this is my favorite! The owner is very humble and respectful.
3	Stopped in with a friend and some hungry toddlers. Waited for over 10 min for the waiter I had to go and ask for service. Finally the food arrived it was great. However I had to ask for the tv channel which was set to mtv to be changed. I really didnt need the kids to hear b this and that and f that and this. Waiter was friendly front desk lady could use a smile and friendliness accessories.
4	Ambience decor still feels like a Chinese restaurant. We shall see how their traditional dishes fair.I ordered the Pollo Saltado and I was interestingly surprised. The white rice parsley and vegetable stir-fry mixed with the chicken was the perfect meal for me. Order usually comes with french fries yet I declined this option. I did request their hot salsa, this was an icing for my tastes buds, not for the "mild" salsa eaters.I am looking forward to trying a new dish here soon.
3	Lima Limon sits in a desolate shopping center off of Decatur Blvd. It is next door to a Port of Subs. You will see the bright yellow/green sign and then enter into what is definitely 1950s diner vibe. Not sure what that is about - but maybe they are just waiting to revamp.Service was exceptionally nice. I believe this place is definitely a mom-n-pop place as the waiter took great pride in talking to myself and my co-worker about the types of food, how it is made, etc. He even brought out an iPad so we could scroll through and see what the dishes looked like before we ordered.I've never had Peruvian food before. The menu is straight and to the point. Most meals are simple: a meat, a carb, and a few veggies. In fact, some dishes come with both fries AND rice. It is somewhat reminiscent to me, of Hawaiian food, that comes with macaroni salad AND rice. However, Peruvian food obviously has an Asian-influence as I could distinctly taste soy sauce, and the "pasta" that came with my dish was very much like noodles you may find in an Asian dish.I ordered the Tallarines Saltado with chicken. This is a BIG dish of food. Noodles were cooked perfectly, and chicken was good. Very few vegetables though - I thought I would get more tomatoes, but there were only two in my dish. Overall, the meal was good, but not great. Not sure if this is just because of the Peruvian dish itself - or the restaurant.I would like to try Peruvian food elsewhere to see how it compares. For now, an A-OK will do.
5	I went to this restaurant for the first time tonight. I arrived as they were closing (I didn't realize they were closing) but they allowed me put in an order to take out, which was extremely nice of them. I am so glad they did because the food was phenomenal. Really authentic Peruvian food. Definitely will be going back.
5	i have to say lima limon is a truly hidden gem in Vegas, if the peruvian food is fantastic and good compared to any other peruvian restaurant in vegas. i have dined here twice and both times has not disapointed me. dishes recommended lomo saltado, jalea de mariscos and anticuchos.
5	This place is amazing, everything is delicious but my favorite one is "Lomo Saltado" literally I could eat it every day!!!Also you have to try the Lucuma Ice cream, love it !!!!!
4	Amazing food. First time eating Peruvian food and I am a fan. The food was fresh and delicious. Service was a bit lacking and Univision was very loud on the TVs..but I got to work on my Spanish while waiting!Don't let the run down shopping center turn you away.
5	Amazing food!!! Get the lomo saltado and ceviche it is amazing! We get it every time :)
5	This must be the best Peruvian Restaurant in Vegas.  I had a ceviche and lomo saltado...everything tasted so fresh. :) If you are in Vegas and want authentic Peruvian food this is the place to go to!
4	Another great find with the assistance of Yelp!We were driving down Decatur and heading towards Cardenas when we saw a small sign for Lima Limon.  While sitting at the light I quickly Yelp'd Lima Limon.   It has some great reviews so we pulled in to the parking lot.  At first glance, this is not someplace you'd drive by and decide to eat.  The Target that was previously in this lot is closed and this strip mall is not the most inviting place.Upon entering I wasn't sure that we made the right decision.  The place looked rather old and the booths are super uncomfortable.  I felt like the waitress turned on the lights just for us as we walked in.  However, she was very nice and attentive.  Until she got busy.  They could use another front of the house staff member.We ordered Ceviche, Pollo Saltado and Lomo Saltado.The Ceviche was awesome. Be prepared that the fish is in large chunks but so very tasty!!Pollo Saltadao and Lomo Saltado were SOOOOO DELICIOUS.  Hubby cleaned his plate!!  Make sure to get their pinkish/red salsa.  It's got a kick to it so test it out first...  but it's absolutely amazing.On the way out the door we bought a box of home made Alfajores.  Aflajores are my favorites Peruvian shortbread cookies with caramel so I couldn't wait to try them.   I got home and opened up the box...  the cookies are delicious.  The shortbread was a little lighter than what I'm used to for the cookie but I will definitely get these again.Can't wait to go back!
4	this place is preatty good , but kind of expensive side, i would recomend not to come too hungry like me and order alot of food. overall the staff was helpfull and the place was very clean
2	The reason this restaurant is even getting two stars was because of the ceviche. The ambiance is a feeling of confusion. They can't decide to be a high end restaurant or a diner. The menu lacked a few of my personal favorites. However, standard Peruvian fare was readily available. We started with the ceviche which was undeniably good, but lacked the crunchy corn that I love with this dish. The Loma Saltado was good per by BFFS review. My dish was so poorly cooked on the other hand. My egg was over cooked. I asked for my steak to be medium rare and it came out well. It had decent flavor, but was quite chewy. As for the service it was seriously lacking. We never got refills on our drinks and I was given a steak knife well after I finished dinner. Over all we were not impressed. I dub this the "fast food" of Peruvian cuisine.
2	The food was ok nothing special... But the service was horrible!! The waitress forgot to give us menus first if all then I didn't get a drink refill not once!! Then the bill was 100 bucks for 7 people.  So not worth the money!!! I'm not a cheap person but I refuse to pay for bad service
5	The food here was excellent, very fresh and well presented. Unfortunately, they do not have a liquor license but you are welcome to bring your own beer or wine just have a receipt to show proof of outside purchase. Which honestly isn't such a bad thing. They even provided beautiful cut limes and cold glasses. We had a wonderful appetizer platter of fried calamari, ceviche, a seafood rice dish (amazing) similar to paella, potatoes in yellow sauce, and a lime marinated mussel. Everything was delicious and our party of four was quite full after the appetizer. We opted to order one loma saltido (excuse my spelling) and shared it. It was a great meal  and I will definitely return. Business was very slow for them, Monday night, so it was very quiet inside. I hope they do well as this is a hidden gem in the valley.
5	Oh this place is TASTY! Granted it's in a deserted strip mall but that just means they have less overhead to spend on delicious ingredients! We ordered the papa a la huancaina, The ceviche de pescado, lomo saltado, tacu tacu y ceviche mixto. Everything is perfect! The meat is so tender, the taste is on point! Everyone should eat here!
5	I've been wanting to eat at a Peruvian restaurant in forever,  and since I just moved to vegas in may I've heard of this place from my Peruvian coworker. I ordered the fish with shrimp sauce over it with cilantro rice. It was so delicious I swear. The flavor was nothing like I've ever tasted. They give a generous amount of food and I left satisfied. I'm definitely coming back to try more dishes. ;)
5	Delicious my first time here. I order Lomo saltado impressed by the preservation and amazed from the taste! My husband order ceviche de pescado y camaron, I'm Mexican and had good ceviche before but this blew my mind probably best ceviche I've ever tasted. Friends order other plates that looked and tasted amazing. I will be back!!! In love with Peruvian cuisine. Nice place clean and good service.
5	ABSOLUTLY MUST ASK FOR A SIDE OF HOT SAUCE!most unique creamy tasty spicy sauce ivs ever had!I didn't want fries so we went with Tacu Tacu con Lomo Saltado (ribeye over mashed potatos/white beans)!! Amazing!!! Also ordered the Palta Rellena (avocado stuffed w chicken potato salad), cover it in creamy hot sauce.
5	Excellent authentic Peruvian! I come here about once a week for the past two years. Get the ceviche micro and lomo Saltado
