4	Pictionary, Trivial Pursuit and a heavy pan that makes 6 mini-bunt cakes - all for less then $6, and in less than 10 minutes.  Clothing was pretty decent - really great selection of women's blazers in particular caught my eye.  A few decent shoes too.  I was in the area while going from one work event to the next and didn't have time to scour the whole store.  I love Goodwill stores in general so I knew what to expect of course.  It looked like a much larger store from the street, but once I drove to the back of the store to park I could see that their processing warehouse is to the side rather than in the back of the store, so that made sense.  Generally clean, pretty busy for 11:30 on a Thursday, but not bad at all.  There wasn't any fresh coffee brewing, as their should be, but most of this Scottsdale crowd had already been or was headed to Starbucks anyhow.
4	This is an OK Goodwill (I've been to a few). Their selection of housewares is pretty good. This place's proximity to ASU would seem to make it a natural haunt for students on a shoestring. But then, this is Scottsdale we're talking about, and most of the people in here are la gente trabajador. I give it only four stars because the selection of men's clothing is severely limited. The staff members I've interacted with have been pleasant. And, most importantly, every other Saturday everything in the store is half-off.
2	Things you see people buying on the TV commercial for Goodwill:A vintage guitar.A Humell figurine.A flawless 1950s Danish pine nightstand.Things I saw:Lots of macrameA Ouji board game. Missing the board. Seriously.My bored mother in law.Me yawning.And gasping for air. Seriously.This was one STINKY place. I'm sorry. It was hard to stick around and peruse the material past of strangers. But. It's Goodwill, so I can't give it one star. And I bonded with my MIL that day. So add a star.Good? Probably. Will? I go back? Please no. Don't make me. Unless the MIL is back intown.
3	this wasn't the best goodwill i've ever been to, but it wasn't even close to the worst.  i guess i thought the selection would be a little higher-end due to the fact that it's in scottsdale.  ah well, it wasn't to be that i'd find a pair of hot jeans today. :(i DID, however, find a few very gently used workout shirts (adidas and reebok) and a great banana republic sweater with the dry cleaning tag still on (always a good sign) and paid under $10.  so it was worth my dig.
4	This Goodwill is a nice one. Lots of higher end stuff here, of course mixed in with your basic Goodwill knick knacks. Found an Awesome Granite Dinning Room Table and got a great buy on it.
3	A Goodwill with no clothing?  What are they doing with all the clothes I donate?  Sending them to a less desirable location in Phoenix?  Only in Scottsdale.  In fact, this Goodwill is actually under the name "Redesign by Goodwill," and sells only furniture (new and used) and household items. My mom has an addiction, several in fact, including hunting for "collectibles" in thrift shops that she can consign for more.  The problem is if she buys 100 items for $1 each, and sells 2 of them for $5, she's made a profit in her mind.  Anywho, on her recent visit she insisted we visit a variety of thrift stores and garage sales.  This was our first stop.Upon walking in, I noticed it smelled like potpourri.  Maybe it was because they don't sell clothing, but in any case, potpourri beats the smell of a moth ball or old people.  Before I noticed the way this Goodwill is marketed, I was  astonished at some of the furniture.  Why it looked hardly used.  Because it wasn't.  There is some used furniture, however, and you'll know it when you see it.  There was a ton of other household/kitchen items.  Not a bad place to get that kind of stuff as some was pretty reasonably priced.  Also, we went on a Saturday and found they offer half off of anything with a date over so many days old, so that's a bonus I guess.  I didn't buy anything, but my mom did.  I think she's going to end up appearing on Hoarders.
3	It's true what they say about this place: clothes are nowhere to be found.The closest thing they have are some linens, which could be sewn into clothes given enough time. In fact, I recommend doing just that. Use of these linens as a toga is also an option.The real treat here is the 80's rugs in the far North West corner. In fact that's all I check when I visit, which I do about 4 times a week. What a treat: lions and tigers and bears. I dream about collecting all of them and maybe putting them up on my wall as a tapestry. Or just keeping them around in case John Travolta and Samuel Jackson ever show up at my house with a car that needs a new interior before my loving but straight-laced significant other comes home to find a bunch of gangsters doing a bunch of gangster shit.There are also football shaped lounge chairs for the man who longs for days when he could sit on football in a comfortable and noninvasive manner.  I kid you not I saw a rear projection TV in here for $999.99. Rear projection, in this day and age? A thousand US dollars!? HAH! A similarly sized new flat panel can be had for half that price, if one were so inclined.Also there was a powerful (or seemingly powerful anyhow) telescope up front last time I was here. They are seeking 400 clams for this particular telescope. I have it on good authority they will accept $100 if enough whining, screaming and pouting is done.
4	What more can you want? Cheap used stuff being sold by a company that does good for a lot of people. I am sold! Keep it up :)
4	I love going here and finding new treasures for the house.   I find really great things all the time.  I don't know what a couple of these other Yelpers are complaining about when they are speaking about this Goodwill not having any clothes and wondering "What are they doing with the clothes I donate? Send them to a less desirable location in Phoenix?"  Jump on the "interweb" and Google Goodwill and make note of the Goodwill 3 miles down the street.Anyway, if you are looking for something unique for your home - a picture, painting, coffee table, chinaware ect on a bit of a budget - check this place out.  They do a great job filtering out a lot of the crap (a lot, not all).  Some of their used furniture leaves much to be desired sometimes and I don't think I'd choose to purchase new sofas or mattresses there even through I have considered multiple chairs there BUT they have had the answer to quite a few of my furnishing needs otherwise.Oh!  Also a great place for holiday decor throughout the year.  And they have THE best baskets for the price.  Sign up for the coupon and get 20% off a purchase of $10 or more too.
3	I have to say, I really like this locations. It's not the usual Goodwill with all the clothes and whatnot. If you want clothes, there is another just down the way. This one is geared more towards furniture and whatnot. They have nice couches, dining room sets, bed frames, rugs, and they even have mattresses that aren't horrible looking and scary. There is a little electronics section filled with the usual, such as TVs, DVD players, etc. And there is a knickknack section for like plates, vases and whatnot which is decent. It's not a bad place to shop and find some awesome deals on home things.
3	Redesign by Goodwill.  This really isn't a "redesign" as much as it is Goodwill's attempt at being more "upscale".  The coffee makers and DVD players are used, but a lot of their home furnishings look brand new.  Those outdoor metal fire pits that sell for $100 at Lowe's sell for $100 here too.  This is place is dominated by either new or barely-used furniture, and as a result the prices are either not or barely different from mainstream stores.  The furniture looks cool, but don't come here looking for big bargains.
5	I came here with my husband to go furniture shopping for a couch, sofa chair, and table for our TV. Out of the four other Goodwill Stores, this one was the cleanest and most organized, but what I liked most of all was that their donated furniture was the best looking. The sofas here were not dingy, torn, stained, uncomfy or anything of that sort, but most importantly we paid only $55 for a three seater pull-out couch and sofa chair. These prices were thanks to their Saturday sale where everything is 50% off their donated inventory. The only negative aspect of the furniture was that it was outdated in style, however, that is to be expected for such a cheap price!Other than their furniture, the knick knacks and other goods were of quality. I had also bought a nice faux-leather duffel bag for $25 and a couple trinkets that would give our home some personality.You will like this store if you don't mind digging for those hidden treasures and can stand tacky/outdated things. Also it's only worth it if you come on the 50% off Saturday sale, which is every other Saturday.
