5	I moved in about a month ago and have had absolutely nothing to complain about. The place is well maintained, the amenities are a big plus, my apartment was in really good condition upon move-in, and my balcony view is amazing. The office staff is the best group of ladies when it came to assistance. From the second I walked in, to the day I got my keys and thereafter. I would recommend this place to anyone. Hi Carlee :)
1	If your a first time renter.... PASS --- THEY DO NOT RENT TO 1ST TIME RENTERS.... and they don't exactly tell you this until your sold on the place - my son tried to rent there - was told by one person no problem - showed up today with me so i could pay the deposit....... SURPRISE!! no deal.... complete waste of my time. I would of give a zero but you can't.....
1	Been here for about 4 months now and I'm giving this place one star for a very good reason, because I am not proud to call this my home,My girlfriend and I moved in with our pup and have had horrible experiences so far and will most likely not be renewing our lease.The management changes every 2 months it seems, you will never get the same maintenance crew because they always fire them and hire new ones (who don't know how to fix anything and have to keep coming back over and over), they don't take care of the landscaping whatsoever and if they do they leave trimmings all over the grass, no one picks up after their dogs regardless if there is free doggy bags around, the office staff never gets back to you in a timely manner unless it's something that has to do with a reminder for rent.Since being here for 4 months, there is always new faces in the office and they never know who I am.Luxury apartments? No. No way. Everything is cheap and the pools are never maintained. Just the other day I saw one of the maintenance guys pouring gallons of liquid chlorine into the pool and that is what they call maintaining a pool!?!?The water has gone out twice and in phoenix during the summer, that is unacceptable...they provide free water but it'll go out. For anyone who wants to rent here, I forewarn you to stay far away. La Serena is a joke, poorly maintained, has horrible office personnel, and even worse maintenance crew who are all young guys who have no idea what they're doing.
1	I've been living at LST for over six months now. Since I moved in I have had numerous issues. My fridge was leaking from day one and it was only recently swapped out for a new one, which was also tremendously smaller than the previous one. The toilet in the master bathroom has been leaking since I moved in and has yet to be fixed. They finally "fixed" it and a week later it broke completely. It took them 5 days to come fix my toilet. The garbage disposal shakes the entire counter when you turn it on and it smells horrible under the counter and can't find where it's coming from. On numerous occasions I have put in multiple work orders regarding all the issues and nothing has been accomplished. Please take the time and look elsewhere because this place is a waste of money. Oh and people put trash by there doors where it sits for days stinking up every inch of the apartments outside. People also do not clean up after their pets, leaving their droppings where it will sit for days on end. This is the worst place I have ever lived and it has been a terrible nightmare. If you call the office they never answer, you have to go down there to talk to someone. I wish I could give this place negative stars. Look elsewhere and save yourself the headache of this horrible place.
