5	Great customer service
3	I usually travel to this Staples when I am running work errands. Each time I come here, I seem to find everything I need with no problem, which is always nice because then I don't have to go to 9 different stores to look for office supplies for work. The last time I visited this Staples was actually for their copy center, I had to have more of our business cards printed. Unfortunately at this time of the year, there are a lot of people getting prepared for the school year, so they were quite busy. Despite the craziness, an employee was able to help me figure out what I needed to do to be able to get our business cards printed. The annoying part was, our business cards were not longer saved in their system for it had been 2 years since we have printed them. I was hoping they kept records for a while, but you cant be too mad for 2 years is quite some time to not have any activity on your account. At this point I had to re create both business cards I needed printed from scratch. The reason I am giving this staples only 3 stars is because their computer systems. I had to recreate both business cards 4 times because their computer system would not save my work. I ended up taking 1 1/2 hours standing at the store on their computer trying to recreate these 2 business cards to print. After the 4th time, the employee finally decided to restart their system and have my try again. After the first 2 times, you would think they would have known to restart the computer at that time, so that was really frustrating. At his point I was very flustered and was ready to just go somewhere else. After waiting about 20 minutes for them to boot the system back up I was able to create the businesses cards one last time, save them and send them to print. At this time the associates were helpful in getting them printed and boxed for me as soon as they could, which took about 45 minutes. This quick Staples run ended up taking me over 2 hours in the end. In the end I cant be too mad because the copy center was slammed with all kinds of different jobs, but I wish they would have been better at knowing when they need to reboot their system so I didn't have to waste so much of my time. I also was able to find out how to keep our records up to date so if we need these business cards in 2 more years again, we wont have to recreate them from scratch.
5	Their button says it - that was easy! I find myself frequenting staples frequently. When you own/run a business you kind of need these places. Every time I stopped at this location I've received great customer service. The employees greet you right away and are very eager to help. Today's adventure included finding a new engineering ruler since mine is 20 years old and broken. The gentleman that helped me made a comment about how lucky he is not to have to use those and his engineering class because now everything is on AutoCAD. Me and my old-school dinosaur ways found me complaining about how I can't find a good enough software that's easy enough to use & this guy hooked me up! Told me how to find a $1,000 software for free!!! Right place right time - perhaps........ Looks like the employees at Staples, keep impressing me- kudos to you fine sir!
