5	This is, by far, my favorite hoagie place in the entire city!!! I love it!!!I can't give a lot of insight on their pizza, although I know you can buy it by the slice, because I always get a cheesesteak. They are the best in the city!!!Make sure you ask for "mayo." They don't use regular mayo, it is a garlicky, tasty, mmm...mmm good, finger-licken sauce. I always get extra. Yummy!!!The steak meat is excellent!!! It looks and tastes like it is hand-carved. Really good quality, no steak-umm's here. The price can't be beat. I have their phone number committed to memory. I always call to place my order, then zoom on in 10 minutes later to pick it up. The people that work there are great, and you can even see where they make the hoagies...right in front of you.Definitely worth it. By far the best hoagie shop in town.Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
3	There are two types of food that I will go out of my way to try in each and every neighborhood I spend time in. Pizza and Mexican. Last night found me wanting something within walking distance and cheap. I called over to Angelo's and the pizza was ordered. The service was fast and friendly and when I went to pick up the pizza the local hockey game was on the radio and the place was deserted. My pizza was just finishing up in the oven when I got there. For a large plain pizza it was 6$ (7.48$ with tax). This special is for carryout only!!The pizza was huge. The crust was great, crispy on the edges and a medium thickness. The sauce was thicker and a bit tangy. There was a lot, A LOT, of cheese on the pizza. This caused a lot of grease. In all fairness, this was a great pizza for the size and the price. Was it in my top five pizzas of all time? No way. I'd opt for less sauce and cheese next time.Considering the quality of service and the prices, I'd most certainly try this pizza/sub shop again. I think the next trip will be for subs though, rather than a pie.
3	Angelo's Pizzeria was recently featured as a finalist for best hoagie in town and the only one on the list nearby. They also had a Vegetarian hoagie on the menu, so in the haste of a hunger-driven decision I called and ordered a veggie hoagie($7.75 - hold the mushrooms), mayo, and an order of fries($4).We arrived at the shop about 10 minutes later and waited another 5 watching jeopardy while our food finished up. The store was clean, the dough was being rolled out by hand, and there were people eating inside. The pizza was square-sliced and looked good, but we didn't have any.When we got home with the food, we started into the fries. They give you a lot - you get a small pizza box filled with them - an extra buck or so nets you cheese melted all over it. The fries were very tasty, and had a remnant taste of chicken wing to them. They were also very salty, which I prefer.The hoagie was a different beast entirely. A few dots of grease on the outside of the paper could not prepare me for the damp towel of sandwich paper I would see when I opened it up.  The hoagie consisted mainly of grilled peppers and onions as advertised, but having asked for extra mayo(As Sarah S suggested) may have been a bit much in this case. They really gave me what I asked for, this thing may as well have been a mayo sandwich with lettuce and onions.The taste was awesome and even with all of the grease the bread stayed crispy, but not crunchy as many roof-of-your-mouth-scraping sandwiches around town are.My real qualm is about the texture though, and I'm sure it applies most to the veggie hoagie, with no cheese or meat to provide resistance, it all just sinks and squishes around. They need something firm, something that provides some resistance - take Big Jim's, where roasted broccoli and carrots give a nice firm crunch to make you feel like you're eating solid food.So while I give the taste an easy four stars, I have to deduct a point for the texture of the sandwich, hoping that maybe they will try to add a firmer vegetable to it to make eating it not feel quite as much like sausage gravy on a roll. However I'm sure if you go for a meat-laden variety it will be totally worth your time.
5	I'm having an affair. A pizza affair. I have forsaken my darling Adrian's for Angelo's... And it's all because of a white pizza. Okay, for realz now: Angelo's white pizza is ridiculously delicious. It comes with tomatoes. I added pepperoni, 'cause I was feeling kinda wild. When the pizza arrived and I opened the lid, I had to gasp. The cheese! Ohh, the glorious cheese!There were regal mountains of ricotta... Majestic valleys of melted mozzarella... Fragrant Italian herbs infiltrated my nostrils... Why am I using the word "nostrils" in a restaurant review? Gross. Anyway, it took all my willpower not to have a pizza eating contest with myself right then and there. You just have to try this pizza. The crust, the tomato, and the pepperoni are all awesome, too, but trust me -- if you like cheese (and who doesn't), you'll love this.On top of that, their fries are fresh and served in lah-arge portions, and their steak, cheese, and mushroom sandwich is phenomenal. I get it sans the tomato and lettuce -- but keep the onions and mayo. The bread is all nice and toasty, and I swear there's some secret ingredient in there that is a magical a flavor booster, 'cause it's just SO delish!
5	Support this local business.  Good food, nice lady on the phone, and quick delivery. YUM! Never been to the actual restaurant, but i'm sure it's awesome.
5	I love Angelo's! Every since I've moved to Bloomfield, this is my main pizza joint.  I have carried out, and had delivery.  The staff there is always friendly, and the pizza is delicious.  Delivery drivers are super  nice and quick!As for the pizza I can't stop raving.  I love the sauce and especially the amount of cheese they put on it! YUM!  Toppings are good, and always plentiful.  I will keep going back to Angelo's again and again and again....
4	The second time in my life that I ate steak I ate it at Angelo's. This was not a mistake. Approaching the place from the front stacks of pizza boxes on the right hand side glare through the window if there is any sort of light outside. I guess no one wants to steal those. Walking in I nearly miss the black and white portrait of the Corleone family on the wall. Nice touch. We're in Sicily now. The cashier let me stand far away as i decided. Somehow I like the space and waded there for moments longer than I needed. But, in fairness, after being a vegetarian all through college and only having steak once in my life, last month, I was making a difficult decision. I ordered two half hoagies. One steak and one Italian. My friend Dave was supposed to be on this excursion with me, but he had to help his dad so I decided to get him a sandwich. Like I do with books (which Dave and I both love more than people) I don't decide which sandwich to eat or whether I will give Dave one or not. I do not get cheese on one of them because I am rather lactose intolerant. I do not get cheese on the steak hoagie, in order to trick my subconscious into thinking that I had a choice but simultaneously letting it know that I will be eating the steak. It all worked out.I bit into this sandwich while reading about food. I'm not sure if the moment could have been better, reviewing some Amiri Baraka essay on African American food culture and biting into my warm, soft hoagie. So well blended together, each ingredient holding each other like lost lovers, I began to fear that somehow I had not been heard and there was cheese on the hoagie. I opened it up.Nothing lay between those Italian bread slices but steak, Italian dressing, onions that looked seasoned, peppered, lettuce, and tomato. I think, "Is that crack or cracked pepper?" I'm not a believer in such great things unearned. I look at the spotless red floor and then up to the open kitchen with the chef wearing a Steelers t-shirt with a "7" on it for Big Ben. He got sauce on it and almost looked as if he would faint. I wonder about that.The cashier and the sandwich girl are the only ones who wear uniforms: a company t-shirt. I wish that I could wear short black shorts to work with a half apron that made it seem as if I had no bottoms at all. The chef slings a pizza out of the oven into an Italy colored box. I grip mushrooms, tomato, and warm lettuce from my paper wrapping, to finish. I've never found a better way to be a part of this city than to find a sandwich shop unique to the neighborhood. Perfect. My stomach still agrees with itself: no more steak.
4	I would have to put Angelo's in the upper 10% of pizza joints here in Pittsburgh. They make you're standard medium thick crust, heavy cheese, heavy cooked sauce, heavy toppings pizza. That being said, they do each of those components better than most pizza shops. The crust is crispy and chewy and actually tastes like something, the cheese doesn't taste like cheap pre-shredded junk, and the sauce is flavorful enough to stand up to the heavy handed cheese and toppings. Oh, and the pizza tastes great cold the next day so go ahead and order a little more than you need!
4	I was skeptical about going to a typical pizza shop during a food tour in Bloomfield, but boy was I wrong. This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf. The dough was perfect (cooked well, but kinda doughy) and the cheese was excellent.
4	This is my new go-to pizza place.  After moving to Lawrenceville, I wasn't sure of where I could get a good pizza that also delivered.  Thanks to the latest Yelp Elite event, my question has been answered!The crust is perfect - not too thin, and nice and crispy on the bottom.  The sauce to cheese ratio is also nice.  I learned that the cheese is from Penn Mac and you can totally tell.  It takes it up another notch.  I'm excited to try the different variations they have.
5	The large pizza is huge. Don't underestimate it.Be sure to try the "Angelo's Special" sandwich with the homemade mayo sauce.
3	3.5 stars.  I've heard good praises about this place and stopped in.Had single slice with mushroom and pepperoni, mushroom steak hoagie, and cheese fries.The single slice was good.  It was thin and has a good slight crunch.  Only thing I was disappointing in is that they used canned mushrooms (distinct color) which doesn't taste the same as fresh mushrooms.  But it was satisfying overall.The hoagie was good.  Decent size for the price.  They still used canned mushrooms but it was still satisfying overall.  I wish someone told us how big the cheese fries were.  Three of us ordered one thinking it was a simple appetizer with cheese.  However, it is a huge giant box of fries with mozzarella sprinkled on it.  I am pretty sure it could feed 8 people.  It was also decent.  Needed a little bit of salt but basically fries and mozzarella. Overall, I found the experience average.  I would probably come back to try their pizza again.
2	Sad to say, this wasn't the pie in the sky I was looking for. It all comes down to the crust--I threw it out. That should never happen. The crust wasn't enough like the bread from la gourmandine--if that bakery made pizza with the cheese (and even the sauce) from Angelos...now THAT could have some potential. So...still shopping around for a delivery and for a crust that bubbles up around the edges. It might have to do with the water or kneading or something?
1	I am not really certain how this place is getting the stellar reviews that it has. we just had a quick bite there last night and it was easily one of the worst meals that I have ever had the pleasure of paying for. While the people running the shop were lovely, it was not worth the $17 or so we paid.I had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce. you would think that might be a nice time to let me know that they use some sort of house garlic-herb mayo instead of actual mayo. but no. So after a good bit of waiting my sub comes out with this weird speckly dressing on top of the lettuce... yes, this is that mayo - which is disgusting. I thought it was ranch and that is when he lady, with a smile, explained it was their house mayo... no, they don't use regular mayo here. so, let me tell you about this mayo:1. it is heavily flavored with garlic powder - which tastes seriously like chemicals on a good day and just should not be considered food in any way shape or form. Mixed in with this were some dried herbs - maybe an italian mix? who knows. all I could taste was the overwhelming chemical, fake garlic flavor. Hey, I love garlic and cook with it daily - mind you I actually use the real stuff. 2. it is really thin... I mean thin like salad dressing, runny, thin. Um, isn't mayo supposed to be thick and spreadable? even the stuff you see at subway is thicker. this stuff tasted like really cheap, bad, ranch dressing.So, after giving it a good effort to try to eat this "sub" - I gave up and picked off the bread on the top of the sub - the bread was pretty stellar though. still hungry I decided to try to scrap off the mayo/lettuce disaster and go for the meat and cheese. um... salt? the meat, which suspiciously looked like those thin sheets of steak-um had zero flavor. one bite and I rejected it. While we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage? I am paying almost 6 bucks for this sub. I want to see yummy chopped up steak bits like you see at even a mall sub shop. not this grey, disgusting 1980s looking flavorless "meat".  At least the bottom of the sub roll was salvageable... I ate the bread. On to the pizza. My husband had two slices of pepperoni and my daughter had a slice of plain cheese. Ok, pizza. well, this too was a massive disappointment. since I was still hungry after dumping the majority of my sub I tried both of their pizza slices. it reminded me of a nice store-bought frozen pizza. yes, bland. bad sauce with flavorless cheese. My husband is a freak for pepperoni pizza and of the two slices he almost finished one of them. yes, more for the garbage. My daughter? she is three.. she isn't really a foodie (yet) but she got thru some of her cheese pizza... she actually spit some of it out but to be fair - she is three. I tried her pizza and honestly, all I could manage to somewhat enjoy was the crust which was nothing to rave about but it was tolerable. To provide a baseline - we typically order from Rialto's and while they are not terrible they decent enough for a sub shop - pizza place.  this place... ugh. never. again. ever. We ended up throwing out about 80% of what we paid for. This place insults their customers with sub-par, dated, poor quality food.
1	I order frame Angelo's regularly .Quality in going downhill.First I waited on hold for 10min ,so I drive over and I'm still on hold,I go in there's one person inside and no orders ..WTF am I holding for .?...So my order is $30+ and I asked for a ranch and of course I have to pay for it ?Then I get my white pizza home and it looks like it was in a tornado,this seems to be happening more often..and delivery don't get me started.My rating is PISS POOR!!!
5	One of the best hoagies I have ever had. Warm and toasted. Great mayo. Large serving. Soft drinks are refillable. The 1980's atmosphere is not too impressive, but this is just a pizza shop. Great place to bring out of town guests. I will be back again and can't wait to try the Sicilian pizza.I got mayo on the hoagie and was excellent, now I know why... It has a garlic flavor and I love garlic.
5	Great pizza, all ingredients are fresh and made at the shop. Don't ever order dominoes in Bloomfield!
5	Wow! The pepperoni pizza was so good I wanted to fill my pillow with it so I could dream about Angelo's every night!Very tasty crust. Full flavored sauce. Plenty of cheese. Nice pepperonis that curl up a little. Perfect thin crust pepperoni pizza!
5	Sometimes I like to stop into a pizza place for one slice of pizza.  I have found that the places with the best pizza have "horrible horrible" individual slices.  The slices have often been sitting for a long time.  Then if the individual slices are reheated, it still is not quite right.  Then often these individual slices have a very limit amount of cheese and toppings.  Angelo's does not do this.  There individual slices are the BEST!!!!  Everytime I get one slice of pizza at Angelo's it is always pippin' HOT.  It has that just made t.  They are very generous with their toppings on the individual slices. Plus, their individual slices are huge.  I always get them to cut that one slice into two.  I tried to eat half of my slice at the shop and then take the other half home for later.  Their pizza is so delicious the other half often does not make it home.
1	Honestly, the hoagies are fantastic, but their service is appalling. I ordered two hoagies and received one and a half. After calling and explaining the situation, Aaron, the "manager", rationalized that their hoagies are large and could send another half "depends on how hungry you are". ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I have never in my life heard of such asinine customer service. The girl on the phone was really nice though...if that counts for anything. They just lost a loyal customer...never again.
5	Best Pizza Shop in Bloomfield. Hands down one of the best Sicilian Pizzas around! Sicilian Cuts and Cheese Fries are my go to every time I dine here! Plus they sell Turner's Tea!
1	They get 1 star because less was not an option. Was told by someone at the hospital that the steak hoagies are great. Well either our opinions differ greatly on food or we just got hosed. Looked up the menu online. $9.00 for a lrg Angelo special. Think philly cheese steak. So I ordered 2 for myself and my gf. I asked for mine with well done peppers onions and mushrooms no lettuce or tomato. I get there and the total is over $24! So I ask why. I'm told "oh yeah that's the owners fault he doesn't want to update the online website so it's a little out of date." A LITTLE!?!?? Two and a half dollars more is not a little. So I leave already feeling taken but hey they are big and they feel heavy so I'm still optimistic. WRONG AGAIN! The sandwiches nearly fell out through the grease soaked bag and found my sandwich covered in grease swimming lettuce and tomatoes with pale mushrooms and uncooked peppers. Swimming I tell you swimming in grease! If I have a heart atack I'll know why. Called to complain and was pretty much told it was my fault they became greasy because I took to long to get there! And that its all the owners fault about the price. Poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership. The next thing that should be poor is the owner because I will NEVER eat there again.
4	They have the best cheese steak hoagie around.   You have to get it with both mayonnaise and Italian dressing.  Naturally you need lettuce and tomato. Been coming here for over 40 years. They will also fry  the onions which have a better flavor than raw onions.Staff is stable so you count on the good tasting good every time. I live about 8 miles away and will stop in every time I'm in the area.
