1	Do you wish that you could give no stars to review a place? I think this is the first time I have written a review for a retailer and unfortunately its not going to be pretty. Where in the hell are all of the employees? Seriously, where are they? Did I happen to come in on the day they got the cool new video game delivered and all of them were in the backroom playing it? I literally could have walked out with arm loads of merchandise without notice....several times. There was one....ONE.....employee working at one register.After I spent what felt like an eternity finding the one item I came in to buy (again, no one on the floor to help me) I arrived at her counter. "PHONE NUMBER?" she demanded loudly and with authority but did not make eye contact. I didn't even know she was talking to me so I said "what? are you talking to me?" She responded with "YES, PHONE NUMBER?" I had it with this place and so I said "No, you do not demand customers phone numbers when they arrive at your counter. You need to be pleasant and ask them if they found everything ok which, by the way, I DID NOT because you have ZERO employees out on the sales floor. Now lets start over shall we? Hi, how are you today?"This did not go over well at all. She told me her manager had instructed her to ask customers this question first. So apparently the manager is an idiot. Whatever. I paid and left and won't go back.
1	Worst business ever award. They never answer the phone. Their.customer service is terrible. The store is disorganized and looks like black Friday is everyday. Go somewhere else if you can.
5	I had such a great experience at this location yesterday! I went in to get a Nabi tablet or a leappad2  for my son. I wanted some hands on usage before I spent so much. They did not have the Nabi, but the clerk (Merissa) spent a lot of time explaining what they did have, comparing different kid-friendly tablets and when they would be available. She was busy in the electronics department and had others with questions waiting, and she did a good job of juggling all of our needs. She went the extra mile and actually found the tablet I finally chose altho she did not think it would be available for several days. I was also helped by another friendly employee, who located a hard-to-find item for me but I did not get his name.I will visit this store more often because of these encounters.
3	This place just feels really cluttered to me compared to other TRUs.  With that said, We've always been able to find what we want here.  The staff is generally friendly.
4	Toys R Us is helluva expensive compared to other stores but you know what when you want that super cool toy for your child Toys R Us is the place to go.  I have no complaints I mean my son today bought a super sized power ranger like as tall as a toddler that is way cool.  If you ever want cool toys Toys R Us is the place to go.
2	When i was a kid toys r us were nice!! This is a dumb!!!!!! Gross old dumb!!
2	I went in here for the first time in around 12 years. It was ugly and cluttered and not well lit. I am also thoroughly disappointed that they do not do any discounts or donations for nonprofit organizations that are centered around kids.
1	Employees are rude, store is a mess, no one knows where anything is even when it says they have 30 in stock. Worst run store i have ever been too. Demeanor on the phone is also horrible. Calling corporate is also worthless because they will either not answer the phone or do nothing about the issues.
4	It's a maze of toys that you won't find at most department stores. I like the organization. It makes it easy to go the the area you want. All toys in their proper spot, divided into Toddler toys, board games, stuffed animals, learning toys, dolls, sports toys, action figured, cars, etc. I was serious about the maze thing, lol. There is 1 entrance and 1 exit and they are not interchangeable :) When you first walk in, because they know children so well and their ability to walk in a door and then break out into an all out sprint in all directions, you are guided through a few isles that curve around (they are chalk full of toys, of course) and THEN you get to the main isle. My check out experience was awesome. The lady actually noticed that I was hiding something my nieces view and she made sure to scan it when she wasn't looking and to double bag it :D I love her. Prices range, but the toys here do seem to be pricier in general compared to most department stores, but like it said, they have a much wider variety.
1	Okay so I went in here today and I need to do couple of things I cannot find help anyway the employees were rude they said don't be right back and they never come back meanwhile I stand there for 15 minutes I continue looking from my things and not once did I get offered any help to start his big gigantic chaos mess stores dirty and no employees around to help you find things, also the parking lot is fairly small so you do have to park farther away into someone else's parking lot but they're all touching itches so many mom I would recommend going earlier in the morning but not in the afternoon. But it is Christmas and it is a mess.
1	There is definitely wrong with your website not remembering my User ID for this website only.  I have no problems with other websites which I have credit cards.  Your customer service and managers are RUDE, RUDE, and RUDE.  You are small-minded ignorant, incompetent simpletons.  How in the world are you still in business!  You harass customers almost all the time on the phone and all the time in the store.  There would be 10 employees standing around at the store, while phone reps are the worse.The past two years or so the customer service at this store sucks.  I had purchase a couple of items online and received an email that it is ready to be picked up.  When I arrived it was not anywhere to be found and they were surprised I printed a copy of my purchased items and told me to go to "Babies R Us," what the heck!  Are they dense!  There were about 10 employees standing around by the customer service and they were all waiting for their checks to be picked up at the same time.  Not one of them wanted to help any and all customers to be helped including me.  LAZY employees, what are they getting paid for!  The manager was there too and she was talking to a couple of employees, shameful.  Jeez!So I head over to Babies R Us and the manager was extremely helpful.  While she was researching my purchase she was training 3 people at the cash registers and helping several customers at the same time.  She found that my purchase was re-directed back to the warehouse by the Toys R Us employees at 7430 W Bell Rd, Glendale AZ.  Those idiotic simpletons, I can't believe that store is still in business.  They should fire everybody including the manager for patronizing customers.
1	Okay I have a lot of bad reviews why hasn't corporate or management done anything this place is still a dump they need to hire people that care about toys and know about them! They don't have any employees on the floor ever! Either do something or this place will never see me or anyone I know again
