5	I ordered the Wild Alaskian and it was served up with speed.  The feta cheese was fresh and smelly (yum.), the Asian sesame ginger dressing was light and it really complimented the salad.  It is a line-bar setting with nice round tables and umbrellas outside.  You can do a lot of people watching in this new shopping center, except for the kids causing havoc in the parking lot.  One of the salad chefs, Brian, was very friendly and accomodating with my requests.  He seemed very happy to serve everyone, even though it was pretty crowded.  Brian actually recommended my dish.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and I will be back.
4	Discovered this place today as I was trying to find a new place to try for lunch. I was looking for a healthy place to eat and hit the jackpot! Salad creations has a lot of creatively made salads of their own, and you can also create your own as well! They also have some wrap options, soup, and dessert. The service is real quick and organized. As soon as you walk in, you're already standing in line, and the staff greet you with a friendly smile and ask how they can help. The good thing about being in line quickly is you get served quick, but the only thing I would like to see is more menu options. Overall, great place, I do plan on trying their other salads and creating my own too. They have so many great and healthy toppings!!
2	I'm not a salad guy by any means, but the idea of a Subway-esque salad place seemed interesting at least.  The problem is really threefold.One is that there are so many options.  Even if you get the "full creation", with which you can get any of the throw ins, it's rather overwhelming.Two is that they aren't presented in a way that the options are easy to understand.  the full creation comes with any of the thrown ins, while with the junior creation comes with a set amount (four, I think) and you pay for each additional one.  That's easy enough, but then you pick lettuce, then you pick the throw ins, then you pick a protein (extra choice, even if you choose a full creation), then you pick a dressing, then you choose if you want it tossed or chopped.  It's just too much!Three is that the options add up (in price) really, really fast.  If you don't like the full creation ($6-9) and go for the junior (approx $2 less), you can easily make up the difference in throw ins - just four will make up the difference in price, not to mention the size of the salad itself.  There is also no simple explanation of size difference (you can ask to see a bowl, but it doesn't really help visualize the difference).  To top it all off - literally - if you want chicken or something on your salad, you're adding to the cost no matter which salad you ordered.They also have paninis and wraps, as well as soups, but let's face it - you went for a salad, right?  That's like going to Subway for a salad, or ordering a pizza from a sandwich shop.  Hmm.  Guess that does happen.What they need is a model more like Subway and less like you're going to get picked to death on every little thing you put on the salad.While the quality of the salad itself is pretty decent, trying to figure out the menu board and what goes with what without just getting bowled over (sorry) by what you can order without being taken is too much.That said, the staff is friendly, and the double-pizza-cutter that chops up the salad is neat to watch - probably worth ordering yours chopped just for that reason.  I just wish it was a nicer experience all around.
