3	Bijoux Terner is the 99 cent store of "luxury" shopping.  Everything in the store is $10, and they offer a good selection of bags, hats, watches, jewelry, and scarves.  If you promised someone a gift from the casino, this is your best bet.  There are Bijoux Terner locations all over.  This was the best of the New York, New York, shopping that I saw.
5	I love this place.  I have been to a few of them in Vegas at the casinos when I visit and they have really cute accessories for a great price.  The pashminas are a steal!
4	I love these stores!  The NY NY one (this one) had the best selection of pashimas - I think during my lst trip to LV, I can say, that I have successfully sussed all of them out, and bought nifty items at each.The pins, the pashimas. sun glasses - love all of it!  such a great little place, I picked up my black pash, on our way to dinner, cause I was cold and had forgotten my (much more expensive real) pashima and popped in and grabbed one.  I was so happy I did, and now I take it with me as my travel Pash everywhere, I'm not gonna cry if it gets lost/ruined, and I plan to pick up several more on this next  trip!
4	I really wish these stores would be available everywhere...but then they wouldn't be as special, right? I bought a few scarves here that will jazz up my outfits throughout the entire year at $10 each. $10!! And the quality isn't that bad. Great place for cute accessories that will not dent your wallet.
4	Yes, it's crappy cheap stuff. But it's CHEAP, and awesome. You can buy that outrageous yellow metallic bag that isn't worth more than $10. And when it falls apart 3 months later, you're okay with it. I always stop here when I head to Vegas...the airport location is my favorite.
4	Gotta love $10 everything deals!I always try to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas, I love love love the clutches here.  At $10/each, I can afford to get every color to match with my outfits lol. The ones I bought, none of them broke down on me yet. I don't really care for the watches, sunglasses, pashimas, etc offered in this store but whatever floats your boat, as long as you're getting a deal!
