3	While I'd weigh 400 lbs (or more) again, I could honestly eat here weekly and be SOOOO happy with life!  The food was decent for the price you pay...and I didn't get sick :-)  ROCK ON!
3	Jack is the spot for greasy fast food- and sometimes that's all you want!! Get the chicken strips, and a grip of ranch. YUM!
4	Ahhh fast food!Its all the same! Well here the food isnt super greasy!! I love the grilled chicken options they have as well as their breakfast sandwich, but i get it without ham! The price is ok, you pay for what you get right? I also like their curly fries!One weird thing is that they do not give a toy with the kids meals! Left my son hangin! Anway I come here when Im in this area.
4	No complaints- it is your typical J in the B with lots of options and specials. Friendly service, although the drive thru was pretty slow. I sampled my fries before I left and mentioned they were a little cold, so they gave me some fresh, hot fries and didn't want the old ones back. They never have a problem giving you extra sauces or anything like that, either.
4	Closest Jack's to my place.  Like coming here since they offer 10% off.  Decent deal to grab a burger or some tacos.  It's fast food so not much to say.  Just trying to get a bang for my buck.  Service is great and the place is clean.  Parking is easy since it's a big lot.
4	Ok guys, this is a fast food joint! So rating it like its red lobster isn't fair. They are always clean, there's good parking, and I haven't experienced long wait times.....but again..... it is fast food, so if you go at 12pm then c'mon!!!!!! I gave it 4 stars because the order does come out different at times, but the ratio is great.
5	You guys are great. I'm here at least 5 times a week and the order is always correct.
4	This location is always fast and they get the orders right every time. I have never been shorted an item. This place is usually very lean and the staff pretty nice.I love Jack in the Box for one reason and one reason only-- TACOS!!! They are nasty greasy but OMG good. Me and the BF love to go here and order like 12 then come home and just stiff our faces. I have had a chicken sandwich here one time and it was also really good. I just can't bring myself to get away from these tacos. 2 for .99 is a great deal!!
4	Jumbo Jacks and their milkshakes are the two main reasons for me visiting Jack In The Box. This has been true since I was in college.  This location is clean, the staff are on the ball, orders are always correct and ready in a reasonable amount of time.I am a fan, even though I try to cut back on fast food chains in general.
5	I love this Jack in the Box restaurant because it's not so busy all the time. They have polite employees & quick customer service.. It's also  very clean
