4	Ate pizza and played video games at Peter Piper Pizza with my lil bro Saturday afternoon as part of a larger pizza party, and we had a blast. No, the pizza ain't great, kind of tastes like a greasy sponge, but the kids don't notice - and really that's why you're there anyway. I say greasy sponge, but you know I had at least three or four slices. Even bad pizza is good pizza.This location definitely felt a little cleaner than some of the others around the valley.The game selection was decent, though still doesn't compare to an actual arcade - they had Star Wars Trilogy, Area 51, a boxing simulation, air hockey, at least three different sets of racing games that two people can play together, a bunch of the ones where you just drop your token in and that's it (aim for the back of the dump truck, aim for the railroad bridge, etc) - some of which are actually a little addicting. And Skee Ball, of course. God, I don't know what it is that makes Skee Ball so addictive - my lil bro and me, we must have dropped tokens into that game for over an hour. He walked away with hundreds of tickets, which he redeemed for cool stuff - a slinky, and some playing cards. Oh, and vampire teeth. Can't go to Peter Piper Pizza and leave without redeeming your tickets for vampire teeth.
3	Brought my son and niece here on Sunday for some pizza and games.  The location is OK.  I typically go to one near Arrowhead mall which sets the bar high.  This location had an OK game selection.  Many of the machines were out of or not distributing tickets.  Frustrating for 6 year olds.. (and 31 year olds..)Though I don't necessarily choose Peter Piper for their namesake, the pizza is far better than Chuck E Cheese's.  I'd rather eat salad then eat pizza there.  The pizza at this location was ok.  Seemed to lack the flavor that I am used to, but maybe it was just me..Overall, we had a great time.  Won a bunch of tickets.  I somehow managed to get both kids to SAVE their tickets up for a bigger prize.  Trust me, not an easy thing to convince a kid to do.
4	I may be one of very few who actually LOVES PPP's pizza. I don't know what it is, but it is really good. I think it's the sauce, and partially the cardboard-like crust. This location is really big. We usually get take out, but the last time I came with a friend on a day off and we had a blast! We were the only people there (well it was a Tuesday at like 2pm) and we had beer and wine an probably spent 60 bucks on game tokens and went to town like we were 5 again. The staff was very friendly considering we probably seemed a bit ridiculous! We had an awesome pizza (I always get cheese, but the toppings others get usually look pretty good). We won a ton of tickets and got all kinds of crap we will never use and gave most of it away! I have to say, I never knew getting a good buzz and blowing a ton of money on random (some half working) games could be such a blast! Clean restaurant and bathrooms and they were even washing germs off the games with spray.
1	This place is closed as of 01/14/2012
4	This location is closed.
