5	Great service... Very attentive. My wife and I interviewed numerous DJs before we met and immediately hired DJ Shai for our wedding. You can trust him to incorporate the musical and themes you want as well as keep the party going.
5	Dj shai was an amazing dj at my Wedding.I was nervous having a dj for such a small wedding (30ish people) inside dal toro restaurant Inside the palazzo. But I'm so glad I did! He kept the night going PERFECT! He met with us before to make sure to cater the service around our preferences! He seemed very passionate and super knowledgable about how the night should go when I was clueless! .Dj shai was AMAZING without him my wedding would not have been half as good as it was.
5	We always use DJ Shai at our events in our Synagogue, holiday events,  Bar Mitzva,  Weddings Brit Mila and more. We recommend him to others. He is a great person to deal with,  from the planning of the event till the end of the event.  And of course he always does a phenomenal job by changing the atmosphere of the event to a happy and lively event.
5	DJ Shai was a wonderful addition to our party. He was professional, efficient and could read the mood of the crowd well. We had a great time with him and I definitely would recommend if you are looking for someone with class and can get it done.
5	DJ Shai is a true gem. He is the unique combination of an artist and a professional businessman. The majority of our guests were either 13 or 70, yet Shai found the blend of music and games to keep everyone entertained through the night. When we hit some glitches in planning due to religious restrictions, Shai took charge and got the party started. My daughter's event is now known as "one of the fun ones." Our event was a wonderful night to remember thanks to DJ Shai.
5	Best Jewish wedding ever , so authentic and nice , I know who's gonna be the dj in my wedding, my friends don't stop talking about how great you are ...I'll recommend you for bar mitzva and weddings for everyone ...Best in the states .
5	Dr. Shai was great! He DJayed my wedding this weekend, and he definitely knew how to feel the crowed! I would highly recommend him for your wedding or party!!
5	He's has done a few of my parties from small occasion to a large Bar Mitzva. I also have seen him at almost every event I attend. He is creative, professional, very good at what he does, knowledgable, highly equipped and very affordable. Must use!! Thank you for making our parties the awesome!!
