4	I had never been to a jewelry store to get work done on a piece, but the person I worked with made me feel comfortable enough that I didn't feel stupid.They also did great work, and I'll probably go back if I want to buy any jewelry.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this jewelry store!  If you like one of a kind, unique pieces of jewelry - this is your place.  If I win the lottery, a majority of my winnings will be spent in this store!The staff are knowledgeable, friendly and extremely nice.If you are looking to have a custom piece made, this is the place to go.
4	I'll admit I'm spoiled by my jeweler back home with whom my family has been doing business for over 60 years. So I have a pretty high standard with jewelers, and Coffin & Trout's salesman Ed lived up to it!I was in the market for a new timepiece, and went to Coffin & Trout to do a bit of window shopping. I'd had so-so visits there before ( they give off a vibe that clearly expresses that they feel you shouldn't walk in wearing non-designer clothes or without each hair in place, as you will be deemed unworthy of excellent customer service), but knew they carried what I was looking for, so I decided it was worth a try.I luckily got Ed as my salesman! He was very kind and knowledgeable about the item I wanted to buy, and took a LOT of time with both myself and my husband, going over each detail of the watch I liked. He knew that I was not in that day to make a purchase, but he shared his time with us like we were going to purchase the entire store. My husband and I left, with the intent to shop around a bit more. However, because Ed was such a great person to work with, two hours later, we turned around and returned to Coffin & Trout (and Ed!) and purchased the watch. I would not have done that without the excellent customer service from Ed.Ed carried it a step further by calling the next day and making sure I was still happy with my purchase and that all was as expected. That little touch was the mark of excellent customer service to me.After this experience, I'll be sure to give Coffin & Trout my custom in the future!Thanks, Ed!
5	BLOWN AWAY! Coffin & Trout is by far the best Jeweler that I have ever come across - and I have been to a few in my quest!! My finance proposed with just the diamond so I could choose the setting, which I then thought would be an easy choice - but I was wrong! I easily become overwhelmed by the amount of Jewelers in the Valley and not only that but by the amount of different designs out there; it then became apparent that no Jeweler had the design I was looking for (of course)! Which is when I decided that having it custom made was my best option. My dreams came true when I found Coffin & Trout I did my research and from the reviews I knew they would be good and they definitely met my expectations. I walked in and felt immediately welcomed by Leo and why I say this is because a few Jewelers seemed fairly judging and surly but Coffin & Trout made you feel like family.Leo welcomed us and was unbelievable, his customer service was exceptional, he wanted to work with us and design the ring I wanted. He listened to everything I had to say, which was close to 1hr and also gave me his opinion. He was very knowledgeable and understanding towards me. He was able to show me the size of diamonds I was looking at having on my setting, which was an important thing to me. He worked with my budget and he was not pushy at all he gave me the option to wait until the wax and pictures were ready and if I still did not like I was not obliged to go ahead. They did not ask for any deposit ahead of time like a lot of other Jewelers. I honestly couldn't have asked for a better understanding young man. Communication was another key point I would like to focus on when he told me he would be in contact that was definitely what he meant! He phoned me nearly everyday with an update or emails with pictures etc. and when the wax was ready. I was also flying back to England and asked if they could have it ready before hand, which they did and that I'm sure was not as easy task as I had left it 3 weeks until I went back.The day came when I was able to go down to Coffin & Trout to pick up the ring and I was blown away! It was absolutely stunning. It was everything I wanted.Overall I cant say how happy I am to have found a Jeweler like Coffin & Trout and have Leo as my design consultant. His customer service was outstanding and knowledgeable, alongside his kindness. He gave me a stress free and pleasant experience. I didn't have to worry about anything everything was in his hands and I trusted him 100%.Just to top everything off they were so kind and thoughtful to produce me an amazing disk with some amazing pictures of my ring being made (great job Kevin!) and a few videos this really was outstanding I cant begin to say how happy and grateful I am for all that you have done for me.Thank you Leo and KevinKatie x
5	I had a slight idea what type of engagement ring my now fiancee wanted. I went in to see Ryan at Coffin and Trout and he helped me through the whole process and was great to work with. He helped me find the perfect diamond that fit both my budget and my liking. His designers built a CAD computer rendering for my approval first and then built a full scale model out of plastic so I could see and feel the ring with the diamond in it. The ring was custom and they had it made pretty quickly. I had no idea what size ring to get so with the help of Ryan, we selected a size that was pretty close. His great advice was to make sure the ring was not too small. I would have hated it if I got down on one knee and proposed and the ring didn't fit on her finger. She was able to go in when we got back from our vacation and they fitted the ring for her. We would give Coffin and Trout 10 Stars out of 10 and will be customers for life. They all went out of their way to work with me and meet my budget. We got a gorgeous custom ring, excellent customer service and the whole experience exceeded our expectations. If you know what you want in a ring or are just starting the search, trust me, go see the great people at Coffin and Trout.
5	Extraordinary designs and quality! I have been a customer for nearly 20 years and have never been disappointed. I took my wedding in to have it redesigned and sized. I wouldn't have trusted it with anyone else. It was such a nice experience. They are attentive, patient, prompt, friendly, and courteous. I was extremely happy and I love the finished design. If you want a piece that's unique, beautiful, and high quality, you have to visit Coffin & Trout. Thank you Danielle for helping me achieve just what I wanted!
5	I absolutely love this place! My husband started it by getting my engagement ring here. It is absolutely beautiful! Amazing craftsmanship! When we bought our wedding  rings there it was just a wonderful experience. We still go in every once in a while to get the rings cleaned and they are always so great! It is pricey but worth it!
5	After an extensive hunt for a Diamond necklace 10 years ago, I ended up in this beautiful store.  As an AZ native, I heard wonderful things about the business, but being (at the time) in my early 20s I didn't think I could afford one of their pieces.  The jeweler and sales person I first encountered when I walked in the store sealed the deal.  They were patient, kind, informative, and helpful.  They made me feel relaxed and welcome.  The store is like a museum.  I could look around for hours.  Each piece is original.  The attention to detail is evident, the craftsmanship superb, the term "quality" really does not do the jewelry justice.  I have worn my necklace with pride every day for over 10 years.  It is still as beautiful as when I bought it.  I have had no problems whatsoever with it and it was recently appraised for a value well beyond its purchase price.  This year I bought another necklace for my mother as a gift.  The customer service I received was top notch.  The sales assistant (Jewelry Professional) Danielle was an absolute pleasure to deal with.  The transaction was seamless and was done entirely via phone and email.  I recommend this store to everyone I know that loves jewelry.  You will not regret a purchase from here and you will be the lucky owner of a unique creation that receives compliments time and time again.
5	My engagement ring is BEAUTIFUL. Danielle was a dream to work with. If you go in definitely ask for her. The quality, as far as I'm concerned, cannot be matched. I love that each piece is an original, and that nobody else has a ring that looks like mine. I get so many compliments on my engagement ring. I'm about ready to go in and have another check up on the setting and to pick out my wedding band, and I can't wait. They sell Rolex also, which is a pretty sweet plus.
5	I have been a customer of Coffin & Trout now for 14 years.  From gorgeous time pieces to custom diamond rings we have trusted them with each purchase.  The craftsmanship and detail that goes into each ring they design far exceeds those of other jewelers I have encountered.  The customer service that continues long after your purchase is surprising honestly.  I truly feel like a valued customer and I know every time I walk in the door they remember me!  Ask for Leo!
1	Well of course bad service often causes reviews such as this I feel it is warranted.I went in to the store to inquire about having my stainless steel rolex Daytona serviced.  I mention that I had seen a new one over seas for sale and the clasp was different than  my 10 year old Daytona.   The sales person showed me a new Daytona and indeed the clasp.is different.  She then called over another salesperson and to make a long story short they began to tell me that I had a fake rolex.  When you spend 10000 dollars on a watch you don't need to hear the dealer telling you its fake, and after running in back with my watch the first salesperson walked away and starting helping other customers.  I had to walk over and ask where they had taken my watch, without my permission.   In case you think I'm just some idiot with fake stuff,  I would like to mention that when my ROLEX DAYTONA was returned the 2nd sales associate said he just found out this was the correct clasp for a rolex Daytona of this vintage (1995, D serial).I for.one don't care for being treated poorly when asking about a $1000 dollar service on my watch.  TO THE MANAGER OF COFFIN AND TROUT, tell your people customers wearing jeans and a pizza restaurant t shirt may still have money, heck they might own a chain of pizza restaurants, and such people don't wear suits and ties, but deserve respect and competent service also.I recommend Jared ' s they have always been kind and respectful for my Rolex needs. In response to Mr. Coffin,  your sales person DID NOT "leave me in good", or any hands.  The woman went to another customer and I stood in your store sans Daytona or explanation. ......I might add your response In no way has attempted to resolve my complaint.  I am happy you responded and wonder what you feel a customer oriented resolution would be?Sincerely,  marcMr Coffin responed to a message I sent and I believe he would bend over backwards to assist me if I ever return to his establishment.Kudos Sir, and thank you for listening.Good luck, Marc
