1	1st time here and let me say not impressed with the service and food! Right when we walked in we waited awhile before someone finally greeted us, and all we can stare at are her hickied covered neck! Lol. So professional. We sat down and waited, and noticed the bartender(?) put cups over her ear/hair while talking to her co workers and then put them back on the shelf! (Where are the managers?!) seems like teenagers running the place.I ordered the "jumbo" shredded chicken burrito, and let me say you can get so much more for 7 bucks at chipotle and taste way better. My burrito taste way to salty, no flavor whatsoever! Just go to Taco Bell and get a soft taco you'll get the same product taste for a cheaper price."Welcome to your new addiction" No thanks I'll pass and stick to chipotle with good service and food!
1	My husband and I just had dinner here and let me tell you we will not be back.....if you are craving authentic Mexican food, don't go here everything tasted very processed and out of a can and over priced for a small amount of food......
2	I have been here three times already. The taco plate is really tasty, along with the cilantro rice. The restaurant is always clean. That sums up what was good, now for the rest. The service is utterly disgraceful. They don't listen to your order at all, even when you send the food back. I involved the onsite district manager who had nothing but attitude to offer me. The food is great, but the service sucks. I won't be back.
1	Let me first say how excited I was that a taco shop of any variety was opening near my house and place of work.  Staring outside my work window watching them refurbish this location for the past 6 months got me excited for something new.  I have been 4 times and have told myself never again. This last time (9-7-2014), I really mean it. Ordering is a weird thing. Since each item has to be placed into the computer, individually the process takes forever. There is no number system when you order. Just one item at a time. This adds up when you have five people in front of you.  They give you a pager after you order. One visit, my pager never went off. The employee walked aimlessly around the restaurant trying to locate the person who ordered it. When she finally found us she asked if we would like for them to make it again because it's cold.  Really?  Why did they ask us knowing its cold?  We said yes,  25 seconds later our food was back.  It was apparent they just zapped it in the microwave.   Food.  Food is okay.  Each time I ordered, it came out slightly warm to cold. The "crispy" tacos shells as they call it, is the same exact thing as the hard taco shells you buy from the grocery store and heat in oven-no flavor, dry and stale. The soft tortillas are also store bought/Taco Bell tortillas.  So really the price you pay is not worth it.  They have two flavors of rice; Mexican and cilantro lime rice.  Both tasted like they were microwaved.  The have Latin fried potatoes that also tasted like they were microwaved which are dry and crunchy.  I also decided to get a side of green sauce .75( I think) for a shot glass size cup.  The same size you pump ketchup in at other fast food places.  I felt totally ripped off. I hope management reads these reviews.  They need to change the tortillas and hard shells at the very least. With better options nearby, I won't be surprised if they are closed within a year.  Overall, not worth the price and headache for the wait and stale food.  You're better off spending that money at Garcias down the street, tee pees on Indian school and 40th street or a Filiberto's.
2	Fuzzy's Taco Shop has a cool name going for it but that's about all that it has going for it.They have a lot of room in the dining room and a separate bar area where you can order beer on tap or in bottles and other assorted mixed drinks. There's even an outdoor patio.Since they don't have carnitas tacos I ordered a grilled fish, fajita and ground beef tacos. I took one bite of the grilled fish taco and said "no bueno". The ground beef and chicken tacos were kind of lackluster, but passable. I spent $11.49 for lunch on three tacos and a large soda. BTW - bring back the souvenir cup and only pay a dollar for your soda. Unfortunately, I doubt that I'll be back considering the hefty price tag and the lackluster taste to their food.
5	Delish! Great drink specials, delicious tacos and great service! Definitely will be back! Try the fish tempura and fajita beef tacos. Yum!
5	I've been to fuzzy's multiple times on mill. And it it amazing, witch is why I drive from central PHX all the way to Mill Ave in Tempe for more. But I wanted to try out there new location on 44th st. And Thomas , guess what.... Still amazing and great customer service . They came up consistently  asking if they could get me anything or if I was enjoying my food. Either way , I recommend going to either location!!!! A++ in my book!
5	Yummy food! The tacos are the best in town. The menu has many options to put in your tacos. Very clean, fun and upbeat environment. The staff so friendly and helpful.
1	So any Taco place that opens up in Central Phoenix will always be critiqued to the max as there are so many great taco places in town from dives to gourmet. I had high hopes for this place but it may do good business feeding ASU students at its Tempe location but not here in CenPhx! We tried this place twice. The first time we ordered burritos. These are like a cross between a burrito and a sandwich wrap - not what I'm looking for! There was a lot of mayo and lettuce stuffed in ours, it did not mention that on the menu unless they gave us the wrong order! We also give places a second chance so I tried to pick up some breakfast burritos to try them one Sunday morning. Placed our order then 10 minutes later they told me they did not have any potatoes, this was at 8:30 a.m.! I asked for my money back but it took an additional 20 minutes as the cashiers did not have access to the registers and they needed to wait for their manager to come back! They did nothing to win me over, you think I could have gotten a free meal or something but the likelihood of me ever going back to Fuzzy's is slim to none! Too bad, it's a great location!
2	The food is ok it's sub par TexMex something to the tune of a homemade attempt at Taco Bell. Really wish it would have had something that would make me want to come back I've tried this place 3 times as I like to give a place a few chances. Probably won't be back.
3	Pretty good place. to nice staff, friendly.  Damn good burritos. I glad they turned the stereo down when we where here it was ridiculous when we walked in.  But happy with the meal over all.  Beer is crazy priced tho! Way expensive for a dive of a bar. Oh well.
1	If I could give this place 0 stats I would. The food was horrible. I had a jumbo burrito, tempura shrimp to be exact, a grilled fish taco, and guacamole n chips. I had a shock top which wasn't very cold but probably the best tasting thing I had there. The burrito was filled with beans, rice and lettuce, it's supposed to be a shrimp burrito and there were 5 SHRIMPS (keep in mind it was a jumbo burrito)!! I was so disappointed that I didn't eat any of it after a few bits. Someone that worked there asked how everything was tasting and I said well not very good, she answered and said "well is the shock top good at least?" And I said yeah probably the best thing here. And she walked away so carelessly. That shows you how they could careless about the food they provide. Don't waste your money, time or appetite just so be Unsatisfied to say the least!
5	The food was delish and as always the service was great! I ate a chicken and grilled veggies quesadilla, hubby are chicken taco, and done ate bacon potato quesadilla. Even got a free drink. Very friendly and very good. I'll be back to this location.
2	I will start by stating that I love the spicy pork nachos. They are delicious. I have eaten at the restaurant and gotten take out a few times, with nothing particularly notable (although my husband says his food it's always cold, I guess I'm less picky about that). Then, tonight, things took a turn for the worse...I picked up my take out and got home to unpack it, only to realize that they didn't give me the queso and put the wrong kind of meat on my nachos. Since I only live about five minutes away I called and informed the employee who answered that I did not get my queso and that there was the wrong kind of meat on my nachos. She asks me to bring it in so I can show her.  So I tell her sure, but I'd like to get an order for the correct nachos started, to which she hesitantly agreed. When I arrive, I get no apology, but an accusation that I didn't understand that the queso comes in a separate bowl and questioning about the kind of meat. Then she proceedes to show the cook, just to make sure I'm not wrong about the meat, which is irrelevant, because I am not taking soggy chips with cold meat home just because they didn't give me the queso and I had to drive back to get the food that I'd already paid for. I don't even mind that they forgot the queso because mistakes happen, but to forget the queso, put the wrong meat on my nachos AND be completely unapologetic about it after I had to drive back is completely infuriating. So if you like cold food to go, please check your food before you leave the establishment so that you, too, will not suffer the lack of customer service.
1	I think this place is confused.I am not sure what the theme is here, it reminds me of a taco shop in San Diego, but I am not sure if they think they are a sports bar a fast food place or a restaurant. So lets go into that a little bit further. So sports bar...the place has about 9 or 10 TVs...9 or 10 TVs that all should have been bigger in my opinion. They are all about I want to say about 40 inch TV's they should have gone a bit bigger, unless your sitting right below one, you really can't see what's on it with any discernment. And if you are sitting below one you have to look almost straight up, which makes for an uncomfortable experience. They were playing the NFL network, about the only reason this place even gets one star...but you couldn't even read the ticker on the bottom of the screen from across the isle...so in my opinion they went to small with the TV's. The beer menu...they don't have one!!!??? The counter girl couldn't tell me what they had off hand really but did know it was happy hour and rattled off some 3 odd tap beers. PBR, Coors, and some other garbage swill...not impressed.  I wandered over to the bar area, they have a full bar, but might have gone a bit overkill with it, maybe they think their a nightclub?! I ended up ordering a Corona...12 Oz Corona $4.25 outrageous price. Happy hour at Sushi Brokers 22oz Corona $6. Better deal and its a sushi place, so literally $4.25 considering they are paying about .80 cents a piece for them is outrageous. Overpriced beer, plus the Corona tasted a bit stale, it was cold, but it seemed like it was maybe heated and then cooled one too many times. No good. Fast food place or restaurant...you decide!!?? The seating is general seating, you walk in and walk up to the counter like its a fast food place, the menu is above your check out girl, pretty easy to read, lots of suggestions. I ordered the Chicken Fajita Burrito. THIS COMES WITH NOTHING. Chips and salsa are additional. So Chips Salsa and the beer with burrito...$14.25...where am I? Tee Pee's, Manuel's, Macayo's...with these prices I feel I should be sitting at a table and should have a waiter, not seating myself. On a separate note, I never actually was given a receipt ever...showing me prices...HUGE RED FLAG...I only got a food ticket to show what I ordered.So they give you a buzzer chip like the ones you get at a Cheese Cake factory and tell you when your food is ready to go to the counter and get it. OK...so about 10 minutes go by and mine goes off. Not to bad a return time, but granted it was slow considering I was the only one in the building, besides staff and this was 5pm on Friday by the way. So I walk up to grab it and get a look in the kitchen. It's dirty!!!  I mean real dirty, this place was dead but the grill looked like it had been cooked on for a party of 500, it definitely hadn't been cleaned in a minute. Not sure if I really want my customers to see that...they are definitely not True Food, even thou their prices reflect that they want to be. So I sit down, a bit hesitant already. On the plus side the burrito is a descent size, not as big as Chipolte but bigger then Taco Bell. And it tastes OK, not great not worth $8. Chips and salsa...chips are just OK nothing to write home about, definitely had better...the Salsa...actually was pretty amazing...but they give you a huge basket of chips with one cup of salsa, not enough salsa, to many chips. So I go up to the counter and ask for more salsa. $1.29!! I also ask for some guacamole. $2.49. So almost $4.00 extra for this. My check is now almost $20!!! I have to go back up to the kitchen counter to get it, once again this gives me time to look into the kitchen on how dirty it is. Gross. So here is the kicker thou...I get my Guacamole...charged me 3 times as much a Chipolte would or any other place for that matter. Best part, my little cup is only part guacamole, when I get to the bottom of the cup, its filled with shredded lettuce, so your not quite getting a full cup worth of guacamole, their shorting you and adding a filler. It's a rip off. So to top off my fast food experience, as its apparent I have to put my own dishes away in a little tub above the trash along with your basket and tray. As I am doing this, some girl comes in off the street goes to the counter and asks the girl for a donation for her dead brother or something in exchange for some candy...and of course she makes a beeline for me being the only customer in the joint, and yes hits me up too. Not my idea of a good dining experience in any circumstance anywhere.So I would give this place a half star for having the NFL network on...that's about it. But once again no half star system on yelp.But I would not suggest going here, being in the restaurant and hospitality industry for almost 20 years, I don't expect this place to be open very long unless they make some serious changes. Not worth the experience, there is no novelty. Don't go.
2	some of the food was cold. it is an odd take on Mexican food, with unique sauces and such. It is what I would expect from great Midwestern Mexican. Overall disappointment.
