4	This dark, basement bar is always a good place to run into that last guy you dated that you "forgot" to return his calls.....it never fails, I always feel like I know half the people here.  Overstuffed leather chairs and good, loud music are key.  The skyscraper drink is blue like windex...which frankly is unnatural....it's deadly though, watch out.  I'd chose Blue Velvet over this bar any day, but it's one of my faves.  Watch out though all you kids with fakes...the cops frequent this place as much as you do! 4 stars.
2	Uh, it has a light up bar. Yeah, that's kind of neat.
3	The only reason to go here is to get crunk off of the addictive strawberry infused vodka. Four stars for the vodka, minus 4 stars for the music/jukebox selection, plus two stars for the light up bar, and plus one star for the kind bouncer who once upon a time found my phone and wallet and didn't pillage either...
2	The city has weak, overpriced drinks, an oftentimes shady crowd, slow bartenders and massive spillage everywhere.  The leather couches and chairs are this bar's only redeeming factors and there are about two dozen better places to grab a drink dowtown.
3	For starters, it is important understand that this bar's motto is " Sink to Our Level", and this is for good reason.The City Bar is not easily classified. It is in a basement of a high rise, so it is a little suspect. The inside has huge plasmas and giant comfy leather sofas.  Drinks are cheap and poured with a heavy hand. These are all good things.But, be warned about the city, as you may loose your date to the fire escape. My girlfiend at the time had made the mistake of trying to keep up with my college friends with drinking. This was a grave mistake. Badgers are simply liquor consumption machines. Her attempt to use the little girl's room was a massive failure that resulted in her being dumped in to a very dark back alley during a rainstorm. After about twenety minutes, I notice she has not returned and go looking for her. I eventually get concerned enough to go into the girls restroom much to the dismay of the female bar patrons. When I did not find her, I put my drunken college buddies into full alert. One of them suggest that she may have stumbled out into the alley and got locked out.Sure enough, we found her in the alley. Wet, crying, and bleeding from the knees from a fall off a step. We brought her back in, got her another gin martini, and all was well with the world again.Haiku !Sink to our level....Time for drowning  my feelings.Ohhh crap.... we lost her.Talent Level ? The talent level in this bar has varied greatly over the years depending on the bar staff running the joint. I have seen this bar go from hipster to yuppie to Jewish frats/sororities, and all the way back around. Talent here can be hard to pin down.
4	+1: Mango infused vodka that is hard to find elsewhere+1: (I forgot my ID and the bouncer let me in. I'm 6 years over the drinking age, but I look young)+1: Lit up palm tree in the corner. Aaw, a little tribute to California in Wisconsin frigidness! +1: Lots of places to sit-1: They turned off the jukebox, stealing my friend of her money and wisely picked songs. Lame!+1: You never have to wait too long for a drink, even when crowded +1: the bartender knew how to make a Surfer on Acid shot in a snap.-1: Very, very, very long walk to the bathroom which involves crossing the entire bar length if you are on the side with windows and then going up the stairs (if I remember correctly)A girl ran up to me frantic and asked me for a piece of gum like she was looking for her last cigarette fix. The "lit up" bar looks totally cheesy and it's barely a gimmick at all. It's not even lit up that much, unless you count the dimly illuminated frosted blue glass on the counter. A decently fun place you can go to at graduate school age and not feel too old, especially when you are with a crowd. I commend my boyfriend for picking this place for his birthday. The look on the actual bouncer's face when my friend got drunk and was taking IDs at the door: priceless.
4	Kinda of unique bar for Madison. Is dark and small yet still has a college vibe. Seems like most people end up here later in the night. If Brats is spilling out, go across the street to this interesting spot.  No cell service down below though.
3	Went on a not crowded rainy Friday night.  We got pitchers and food and sat in the leather booths.  The beer selection is mediocre, although apparently they have good drinks with lots of color.  The food was pretty good - chips especially.  The atmosphere was fine and I made it to the bathroom with issue (but if you have a small bladder or can't read signs that point to the restroom then you apparently oughta try somewhere else).  They really should hire someone to paint a new mural - the current one is lame.
3	City bar is okay - it's got an air of sketchiness to it - which may/may not be good if that's what you are looking for. - it's kind of like a bar slash lounge - that's underground.
3	Interesting lounge type bar with a jukebox. Been here a few times. Not a bad place early on an evening if you want to actually hear people you're with. It seems pretty dead most of the times I've been there but I hear its actually a hopping place during the weekend.
4	The City is underground and not so easy to find, but it's a neat, laid back place+Trivia Night on Monday!  Be sure to check out their Twitter page beforehand to find out the bonus question ahead of time- The City doesn't really have too many great drink specials, but does have an alright selection of beers.  I've always had fun and chatty bartenders there+ Comfy lounge chairs, booths available, plenty of tvsOverall, it's a nice, laid back place (especially on Trivia Night Mondays) with okay drink specials but good drinks nonetheless
4	Overtime, I have seem to take a liking to this bar. It's underground on State Street. It seems very chill and has a nice lounge atmosphere. It gets a little busy later at night and they always seem to have some great drink special when I'm there. Certainly somewhere I'd recommend.
3	Went here with a couple of buddies a couple of times and its quite nice. The booths, tables and such are pretty nice but then you get to the bar and its just a bit... well trashy if I dare say? It is nice but because it is an underground bar, it can get really loud really fast on a busy night. The bathrooms are hidden away in the back and its sort of small. It does have nice seating what with leather seats and such and has lots of TV's to watch all those games! Great drink specials and the bartenders have always been really nice. All-in-All and OK place to return to but not a place to become a regular at.
5	I spent a lot of time at The City Bar while living in Downtown Madison.  It's by far one of the best spots in the area.  Always tons of action on the weekends.  Fun good looking young people dancing drinking - the way it should be on a college campus.  For the real old schoolers, this place used to be The Flamingo.  Tube Top Tuesdays.  Towers and Statesider.  Yeah great memories.  But this place is not only a fun bar, it also has THE BEST BAR FOOD IN ALL OF MADISON.  Get the Buffalo Bites appetizer.  They're incredible.  The homemade chips are sublime.  Crunchy and fresh, you won't want to ever stop eating them.  Also the burgers are really solid.  I'll definitely be stopping back in the next time I'm in Madison.  Go Badgers!
5	A sweet place tucked into State Street! The bartenders are always super friendly, and make great drinks (at reasonable prices I might add). My favorite bar so far.
4	City Bar is a hidden gem underground from the rest of State Street. Literally. It's downstairs. The bar can be quite busy on given weekends with the student crowds, but on weeknights the atmosphere is great with plenty of big screen plasmas and a great menu for sandwiches, burgers and apps. Don't miss trivia nights or their nightly specials as dictated by the spinning wheel. You never know what will come up. Their martini list is extensive and they also make their own Strawberry (and sometimes other experimental) vodka - try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Limited cell reception inside, but there free wifi!  (Ask for the password.)
4	THEY HAVE A PRIZE WHEEL FOR HOURLY SPECIALS!!!!!!!! Two drinks in and I was sold. I swear, the 11PM to 12AM spin was probably the most exciting thing I witnessed all evening. I know, life of the party right?Pros:- decent drinks- updated playlist (with a few throwbacks)- plenty of seating/standing room- friendly and attentive bar serviceCon:- crowd was a little rowdy, too much pushing and shoving for meWe had:1 cranberry vodka1 gin and tonic1 skittle bomb2 applepie/cherry shots Grand total: $11.50At $2/shot, that means the 3 drinks we had cost us just a little more than seven bucks total. WHAT. I had to up the tip. Otherwise, I'd just be ripping them off.
4	Great dive bar on State St.
3	This bar is defintely for the college age crowd that likes to drink heavily and get really rowdy. It is a zoo after football games (when I went) and the crowd was way too obnoxious for me. I've heard that they infuse their own vodka which sounds pretty cool and I will definitely be back to try that....but probably earlier on in the evening...and probably not anytime near a football game!
2	This bar is worth checking out and then never going again. It's a hole-in-the-wall and has free popcorn, but after that, loses its luster. Walk up State St. for a slightly more classy joint like Paul's Club after you see this dark and crowded underground bar.
3	I always stop in here for a sex on the beach, they have the best although I never get service down here so I don't stay for long.
5	I'm not one for short reviews, but here we go:Haven't eaten there, besides the wonderfully free popcorn, so I can't comment on the food. To me, City Bar = Nostalgia. We went there every Thursday after our painful Trusts and Estates class.What's Thursday, you ask? Half price pitchers. Half price pitchers of damn good beer. Count me in, City. I will most definitely miss you.P.S.: Don't go on weekends or at night...unless you're an undergrad. One and done for me in that regard.
5	I have been religiously going to City Bar since I could go to bars - the initial reason was because of the staff. Very conversational, always remember me and my friends, great senses of humor, etc. etc. all good things. I have to walk past it on my way home every night, and I usually stop by just to go hang out with them - wouldn't be able to do that if it was a super rambunctious bar all the time.(side-note: it feels a little weird writing about this place - probably the longest review I'll give - just b/c I feel like this is a very formal thing to do for a place that I have a very informal relationship with. BUT I love it so I'm doing this :)Which is another thing I love about this bar. If you go there at the right time on the proper days, you're gonna have fun. If you like to go out and party and meet people and be rowdy, go there on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays after 10 or 11pm. If you wanna just go and chill out and have a beer (which they have a pretty good selection of, including great local beers) and eat some food, go there any other time. It IS in a college town, so when it's busy that's who's gonna be there. Just go during Happy Hour and there's usually a wider range of ages.They have really good specials, too, and their prices are already great. Thursday is my favorite special (lots o' beer!) - their infused strawberry and cucumber vodkas are amazing (they also sometimes have other flavors?), but get it shortly after they make it because they usually run out before a week.Game night (Tues) and Trivia night (Mon). Cards and other games etc etc etc but also free darts and Nintendo64s!!!!! Go MarioKart. They come up with the Trivia questions/themes.The food: free popcorn - just go to the back bar and pick it up. Yum. Also, super into their burgers (I always get the City Burger, Sweet Jimmy B, or South of the Border). Get the tots, ask for them buffalo.Also, limited cell reception. Music gets a lil loud. They have one of those digital jukebox things (that you can also get an app on your phone for). I'm pretty sure there's free WiFi (ask for password). Lit up bar is cool. Lots of seating. TVs.Oh, also-also, for you non-Madisonians, it's on State Street. The parking is around the corner in a garage or on the street around the block (only taxis and buses on State St).
4	First impression: I loved the feeling that I was descending a dark, dank stairway into a speakeasy.  As if I have personal experience with that?!  But I digress.  I really dug the atmosphere: very low-key, with mood lighting and plush leather sofas.  Good beer selection.  Scary-ass bathrooms--not to mention that the stairs leading to them are a total drunk trap.But overall I'm a fan.
5	It can sometimes get too crowded and cell reception is a zero, but I love this place. Friendly bartenders and good mixed drinks.
