3	I'll admit it up front - I'm not a big seafood fan.  But it was Mom's birthday yesterday and this is where she wanted to go.Place is easy to find at the corner of Carmel and Pineville Matthews Road.Decor is very pleasant - nothing that stands out as either exceptionally nice or exceptionally horrid.Food was consistently edible.  Server asks if you want anchovy on the caesar salad which is a nice touch (dad said yes, I declined).  Salad was served a touch too cold for me.  The fish and chips was an acceptable option for us landlubbers.  Enough tempura batter and tartar sauce and I forgot I was eating fish!  Dad's dish seemed to be the best - the diablo shrimp over spinach fettucine.I would have liked to tried a grilled fresh fish dish (the house specialty) - but they were priced in the $20 per entree range.  Seemed like a lot to pay if you aren't already a stark raving mad seafood devotee.Which brings us to value.  I thought it was a okay for what we had - $81 before tip for dinner for three including two salads, three glasses of wine and one gin martini.  (BTW, the server seemed surprised that martinis are ordered with anything other than vodka.  Isn't gin the classic martini?)  No dessert - homemade chocolate on chocolate birthday cake was waiting at home!
2	Our waiter Mike was the best part of the experience at Bonefish; he was very attentive and a good guy.Other than that, the food was a step above Red Lobster. I've had better food from the prepared food section at Whole Foods. And I know this is a seafood restaurant, but the grade of steak they use is Choice?! Really, like the value-pak stuff you get at the local value market? Neat!Anyway,  you probably won't get food poisoning, but don't expect anything to wow you.
4	I went to Bonefish Grill with someone who'd raved about the Bang Bang Shrimp. Now personally I didn't think that there was much you could do to a shrimp that I hadn't already eaten but boy was I wrong...Fried shrimp in a spicy aoili sauce, with just enough kick to keep your eyes open but not too spicy that your make up would water. Everything else was a blur. Bang Bang Shrimp...seriously they're amazing!
5	I've been to Bonefish Grill in Orlando (and had exceptional experiences) but hadn't tried either one yet in Charlotte.  We weren't disappointed.  I booked a reservation for a Saturday evening and, for being crowded, we were seated pretty quickly upon arrival.  The service was fantastic.  Our server was quick, attentive, and very knowledgeable.   Our food came one item after the other with little to no waiting.  To start, the complimentary bread with olive oil/pesto sauce was delicious.  Then came the superbly prepared calamari appetizer.  It was truly one of the best calamari dishes I've ever eaten.  It was very full of flavor with just a touch of spiciness.  Order extra dipping sauce, though!  It's so flavorful that you're going to want more for the big pile of calamari they serve!Next came our unnecessary house salads.  I say unnecessary because with so much other food, we could have skipped the salad, but it was refreshing after the fried calamari.  Plus, it was more than just lettuce greens.  It contained some pricey items like kalamata olives, hearts of palm, and pine nuts so you definitely got your money's worth for only $2.80 to add to an entree.  Lastly was the entree.  I ordered the tuna steak -- rare -- with a chimichurri sauce (you can pick one of four sauces/flavors for your grilled fish).  It was so full of flavor.  We had made good choices all around.  Even the wine went down easy (although when doesn't it?).  Speaking of wine...they have a great, very reasonably priced wine list.All in all, it was a great night out.  Bonefish offers a "special night out" feel, but not at the prices that you'd find at other seafood restaurants.  Don't be fooled into thinking that because Bonefish is a chain it's not good or not someplace to take a date or family visiting from out-of-town. It's truly worth it...and very affordable.  Although the atmosphere and decor wasn't as "modern" as the Bonefish I had been to in Orlando, it was still steps above other seafood chains like Red Lobster or Joe's Crab Shack.  And for the amount of food and its taste, as well as the exceptional service, you'll feel like you got a bargain!  In today's economy, that's a good thing!
4	I went to this place two weeks ago with the girls. 5 dollar drinks is what brought us in, and the bartender was not cheap on the liquor. All I had for food was appetizers and they, although relatively small in size, were the opposite in flavor. YUM!
4	Fantastic food, excellent service.. so-so atmosphere.  I have been to this location of Bonefish a few times, and the food is always out of this world.  Don't miss the Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer... it's a guaranteed crowd pleaser.  I've had great experiences with both the filet mignon and the salmon, and the sides are universally delicious.  I personally am partial to the garlic mashed potatoes.  They're prepared perfectly.Also, impressed by the serving staff.  Knowledgable, funny and quick... my most recent experience paired me with a server who was fast to add some needed humor to a dour situation (my luggage had been lost for days, and I needed a stiff drink, and quick.)  He served me up a Red Apple martini, made from infused red delicious apples.  It was crisp, slightly sweet, and the perfect drink for autumn.  Worth every penny.Bonefish will be busy on a weekend and most evenings.  I've had to wait at least fifteen minutes on all occasions.  The bar has a tendency to be quite noisy, and the music is always playing a hair too loud to have an intimate conversation... those small nit-picks aside, Bonefish is a solid choice when you're looking for great seafood.
4	Pretty decent food, friendly service. Reminded me of Nandos, but not quite as good as Nandos.If you're in the mood for a casual lunch, this is a good place.
2	I find every sauce to be extremely salty...ruins almost every dish...but the bang bang shrimp is still a winner if you want an app and a beverage
4	Good food and service.  Pleasant atmosphere
3	Ate here last night.  Started out with the Bang-Bang shrimp.  They were good.  Then for my entree I had the Scallops-Shrimp, which were really good.  Also loved the hot bread that came out with dipping oil.  I kinda felt like the waiter was hoping we wouldn't stay long but still decent service.  Overall, a good meal/experience.
5	Fresh grilled choices of fish. Fresh salsas and toppings with mangoes-peppers, onions, and there own east africanPiri sauces.....heaven. Healthy, tasty and hard to believe you're in a fast food joint. Bonefish is to the twenty-first century sophisticated, health-conscience eater what McDs was in the 1950s....but oh so much better !
4	Summary: great food, good service, snug but eloquent atmosphere.  First, is the food - to start,  I ordered a Caesar salad.  It was excellent.  The dressing was perfect and the croutons were yummy.  There was seriously nothing left on my plate.  For my entree, I ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp Tacos.  This dinner item is under $10 and is definitely Bang Bang for your buck.  You also get to choose from a few sides.  I opted for the homemade chips.  They were very tasty but they didn't come with a dipping sauce so we requested a side of ranch.  Just the salad and the tacos filled me up - but of course, we munched on some amazing bread with a side of even better pesto & olive oil.The waiter was patient (we had a group of 6) and knowledgeable about the menu and specials.  My only complaint was the timing between the salads/apps and our entrees.  My guess is close to a 25-30 minute wait.  About 20 minutes in, the waiter did come over and apologize and said that the kitchen got backed up.  We did have one birthday girl and she was given a small box of chocolate cookies to take with her.  It was a nice treat!  I'd definitely go back to Bonefish Grill and would recommend this restaurant to others who may not have tried it yet.  The locations can be somewhat inconvenient if you are in central Charlotte but I think it's worth a trip.
4	Enjoyed it and will return.
5	Bang Bang Shrimp was aces. Mahi Mahi was perfect.
5	Bonefish Grill had been recommended to us by our new apartment manager. She did not steer us wrong.The food was impeccable. My wife had the grilled trout and I had the Sir Will Fish and Chips; both were of an excellent quality and served in an attractive manner. The chocolate creme brulee for dessert was to die-for. Bonefish also has an extensive Martini menu. I had the raspberry martini which was both light and flavorful.Our seater, server, and manager were all highly professional, courteous, and friendly, and genuinely made us feel that they were happy we were there. I am definitely recommending Bonefish Grill to my company as a venue for entertaining our visiting RVP's and clients. Thank you Bonefish for being a fantastic restaurant!
3	The food at Bonefish Grill was pretty good. I didn't really like the wagyu dumplings I ordered for appetizer because they were watery and tasteless. I should have gone with the bang-bang shrimp. From what I hear those are really delicious... My entree redeemed the overall meal experience I was having. Though I wasn't blown away, the chilean sea bass was pretty tasty. Bonefish Grill won't be my top choice for eating out but it was a nice place to try.
5	I love this place and to be a chain restaurant they've got it going on.  Three words: Bang Bang Shrimp!  If you've never had it, get it!  They usually have some great drink specials as well.
2	We love the Bonefish in Wilmington, NC and the one in Johnson City TN, but this was just so-so!  Greasy food, did not taste fresh and the service was average.  I had to wait 30 mins for a refill on my empty water, while she kept getting my husband liquor drinks.  Will not return to this location
5	Officially decided to celebrate my birthday dinner here with my boyfriend who lucky for me had never been so it was a very exciting trip for both of us.Ok on to the good stuff! You MUST start with the bang bang shrimp...they are the perfect mix of sweet and spicy! And the size of the order is great! So full of flavor and heat an absolute treat! All the previous reviews are correct...they are a must have if you visit this restaurant!Also the Pomegranate martini is so yummy...sweet and refreshing topped with frozen grapes...it was just wonderful! For our meals, my boyfriend chose the Shrimp and scallops and I decided on the crab cakes as a dinner...now you won't find this dinner on the menu but ask for it because they will create it just for you! It comes with two crab cakes and is paired with either a soup or salad.The shrimp and scallops were delicious, cooked perfectly and paired with one or all of the side sauces they offer. We chose the pan Asian and lemon butter which are both heavenly! The pan asian is sweet and spicy and was great on the scallops and the lemon butter just really enhanced the taste of the shrimp. However, encourage you to try all the sauces! The crab cakes are filled with so much crab it's absolutely wonderful! They come with a wonderful sauce that adds a bit of "spicy" to the cakes! The taste is just to delicious to fully describe...try them! You will not regret it! Yum!Our server was wonderful! she made sure we had everything we needed, checked to make sure our food was ok and even brought out a dessert box with delicious chocolate with sprinkles and dried strawberries on top!I absolutely loved the experience, the food and the service! Everything about this restaurant was wonderful...they did an outstanding job!!!
3	Went on a Thursday and the service was excellent. The food however was high priced but not very tasty. The bang bang shrimp just had too much sauce. Everything else was just bland. In my opinion it's just not worth the price.
5	Great place to eat found the food with my wife really decent. The more we go the better it gets, the bang bang shrimp is really awesome. The dinner for two gives you the best fish. You can't go wrong with this place.
3	I am not a fan of chain restaurants.  As a matter of fact there are only 3 that I will "choose" to go to.  Bonefish has been one of those places for me.  Over the 10+ years that I have been going to Bonefish. I have come to rely on them to 'consistently' provide a great meal...until last night.Service was slow, our waiter seemed a bit distracted, and the worst part...the food was just "ok".  Unfortunately, "ok"  isn't acceptable to me when I'm spending $100+ for a meal.  - They either changed their bread recipe or it was an off night.  Either way, the bread had no flavor whatsoever....we were thankful for the flavored dipping oil! - Bang Bang Shrimp was barely battered, arrived to the table "warm", and the sauce was lacking. -  Calamari was also "warm" when it arrived and was seriously under-seasoned.- My husband had his favorite, Fontina Chop.  We almost laughed out loud when the waiter put the plate down and saw the "tiny" bit of mashed potatoes and the (6) little cubes of zuchinni that were his sides with the pork.  The chop was tasty and the sauce was delicious as ever, but the chop was a tad overdone.- The soda fountain was off in it's mixture...again.  My son and husband had to send their drinks back for new ones.  The waiter said that he was going to get it from another spot in the restaurant since they sometimes have issues where he got it from originally.  So...if they know it's an issue shouldn't they get it fixed?  BTW...my son reminded us that the same thing happened last time...and he was right.- Kobe beef burger was slightly overdone and wasn't hot when it arrived, but the housemade chips were excellent.  My son ate every one of them and hated to share with the rest of us who wanted a taste.  - Fish & Chips were good, but a bit greasy...and they hadn't been that way in the past.- I had the Bonefish Salad and that was excellent and my guys had Caesar salads and they loved them.- Pomegranate Mango Sangria was delish!  Highlight of the meal....how sad is that?!?So...it wasn't a terrible meal, but it wasn't what we have come to love about Bonefish.  I seriously hope it was just a bad night, but I am hesitant to go back again.  With so many good restaurant options, I don't know if I'm willing to take the chance on another "ok" meal.  It's a shame and I hate to give up on a place that I really love.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants.  Food and service are consistantly excellent.Since my wife and I are seniors, we like to share a salad and entre and Bonefish will separate the meal on to two plates in the kitchen.  We really appreciate this service.I suggest always making reservations as this location is always super busy.
5	Never encountered bad service here. They are always welcoming and try to accommodate whatever you need. The bartenders do a great job of remembering your name AND drink choice even if you have only been in a couple of times.Of my favorites, The steak is great here and always cooked just the way I ask. The fontina chop is wonderful and the gravy is rich .The fish and chips is another favorite with its light and crispy batter (the fries are pretty darn good too! )Wednesday is bang bang shrimp night, a little to busy for my liking so come early!
2	When you walk out of a restaurant after a $70.00 meal and say "well, the bread was good", it's usually not a good sign. First of all the music that played throughout dinner was horrible. Terrible karaoke versions of songs by bands like America, The Eagles, and Melanie. (Melanie? Really?) The mussels were not good at all, too much everything piled on top except mussels. The pumpkin ravioli was greasy, the ahi tuna drowning in sauce.In a restaurant that had 190 people capacity there were only 6 of us in there and service was slow.Anyway, I don't think we'll be back. I like Bonefish but I guess I'll wait until I get back to Nashville to eat there again.Well, the bread was good.
1	Service was terrible and slow for an early sitting at 5 pm. Food was blah. Took 1.5 hours to eat.
3	I went on a Sunday with a group of 4. I would say the fish is fresh and that is hard to find in Charlotte. The server was like a robot but did his job. One of my friends went into the woman room and said it was a mess. I am new to the Charlotte area and will give It another shot. I heard a lot of great things about it.
5	Fantastic Seafood and great bang bang shrimp appetizer.  The Lobster Thermidor Mahi Mahi is amazing as well!!
5	Few places deserve the sixth star award, but this location of Bonefish is one of those locations.  I started with an order of Bang Bang shrimp which was incredibly GOOD. I do have one problem with them though, for some reason, probably because of my speed and precision in eating them, they disappeared way too fast, compelling me to order a second order of them.  YES, I know, that was greedy of me, but, If I don't treat me good sometimes, who will, LOL.  I must try the coconut shrimp next time.  I indulged in a Fontana pork chop, deeply covered in with Fontina cheese, garlic, prosciutto & mushroom marsala wine sauce, so says the menus, and it is delicious. While I tend to watch my pork intake, I can only say that I watched this as it disappeared from the plate and nearly licked the plate clean, it was some kinda good.  Thinking of scheduling myself back here next week, its been to long off my schedule...
4	Great service and well thought out menu. It's a solid chain destination that offers fresh options for everyone. It's a true chain with its consistent portions and seasoning, and it's always a solid experience. Bar and dinner service are always quick and efficient. Make reservations.
4	Ceviche was tasty, but I felt like it should have been served in a goblet or large martini glass.  Bread was very good. The salad was delicious and perfectly dressed. My sea bass was grilled to perfection, but the mango salsa was a bit sweet for my taste buds. The prices were reasonable. I'd certainly come back again.
3	The food was great!  Never been there before, always wanted to try it...was very delicious. I made reservations and since we got there early, we had a short wait. Was offered free soft drinks while our table was getting ready; nice touch....The waiter made some suggestions that were on point! The only things that would have made this better was the space. They really need to expand the seating area. Tables were so close together that it looked like management tried to stuff as many people into a square room as possible,  not good.
5	My husband and I went to this location for the first time, we love Bonefish Grill. Our server was Landan and he was great. He was very attentive and the food was fresh. The managers were visible and we will be coming back here.
5	It was 4th of July weekend.  LongHorn could not accommodate our party of 9.  We called Bonefish Grill and they said to come right in.  When we got there, we were greeted and seated right away.  They wait staff were very warm and welcoming. They were very patient with the kids and our large group.  We did not feel rushed to place our order. They were very knowledgeable about how food is prepared. (i'm gluten-free, dairy-free.)Although food was taking awhile to come out, we were understanding cause the restaurant was crowded due to the holiday. The wait staff was great at checking on is to bring us more bread (which my family loved) and refill our drinks.I ordered Chilean sea bass, and it was moist and delicious.  The asparagus was crisp and tasty too.I don't remember what everyone else ordered, but I do remember that everyone loved what they got.Then when the waiters heard that 2 of the kids were celebrating their birthdays, they brought out treats with a candle for each birthday kid.  Very sweet.Overall, it was a great experience.... great service, great food, good time with family,
5	As usual dinner tonight was great from the host to our waiter Marvin (who by the way remembered the wine we like to order). We both very much enjoyed our meals (Pad Thai and Fish and Chips) and before we were done Kevin, the manager on the floor checked on us to make sure all was as we expected. Always enjoys coming to Bonefish on 51!
4	Another solid 3.5 to 4.0 star performance. Giving them the benefit of rounding up here. But overall, this is an excellent chain with good quality food and usually wonderful service.Took my friend for her 50th Birthday, so it was a special occasion. I mentioned that in the reservation, and they denoted that when seating us with a "Happy Birthday!" Very nice gesture.Had to start with the Bang Bang Shrimp, which I call "Shrimp Crack!" This stuff IS addictive! Be forewarned....it's easy to eat the copious amounts they give you, and if you're not a big eater this dish alone can fill you up!I also ordered the Corn Chowder with Lump Crab Meat. My GOD was this delicious! Best dish of the night for me. Very creamy, RICH and full of fresh crab and chunks of corn. Highly recommended!We both got the "Surf and Turn" even though it is NOT explicitly on the menu. You have to order the steak of your choice (in our case Filet Mignon) and add a side of Surf (in our case Lobster tail). Not a hugh portion but still yummy for a giant sea cockroach! LOL....Steak was prepared the way I asked for it, and it was decent quality. Not the best Surf and Turf I've ever had but it was delicious nonetheless for a competitive price. Gotta love the butter dip they bring for the Lobster. I should have ordered 2 doses of Lipator with that!They do have a nice wine list, and I ordered 2 glasses of Sparkling Wine to celebrate my friend's birthday.The waitstaff is very nice, but our guy was a little inexperienced so I'll give him a "mulligan" for bringing our food to the next table, not bringing a cold bath for my wine, and being a little scatter brained. But he WAS very nice and tried hard. All in all a VERY good dinner and she loved and appreciated this experience.TIP: I brought my own bottle of Pouilly Fuisse for only a $10 corkage fee! This is VERY reasonable and a relatively inexpensive option for those of us who are real oenophiles!
5	Excellent food. Definitely coming back regularly :)) swordfish and asparagus = amazing !!
5	Amazing service and the food was fresh and delicious.what more can you ask for? I can't ask for anything more they aimed to please and it was mission accomplished
5	Just amazing food and service, what else can you say?. We love this place so much.  I had the salmon which was excellent.
5	Great food, service and setting. You are sure to repeat the experience each time. Went to many locations, this one is like all the others.
5	I've been to many locations and have never had a bad meal at any of them.  Great food.  Bang bang shrimp are a favorite as is their house salad dressing (lemon vinaigrette).  Had one of the best steaks I have ever had at their Panama City Beach location (rivaling Ruth's Chris, Blackies House of Beef, and Morton's) which blew me away...  We chatted with their manager and apparently they get first pick of the cuts before their other restaurants and this guy knew how to pick them and it was beautifully cooked.
2	I have always loved the bonefish grill. The bang bang shrimp is great.  We got the bang bang shrimp tacos for the first time and was very disappointed.  It was like there was no sauce on them.  Once I got the sauce I could tell it was missing from the dish.  I informed the server and they said "sorry" grabbed the dish and was off.  I will not be back to this location. Since it is the closest one around we will probably not be eating there anytime soon.  Very disappointing.
2	As a somewhat regular I was extremely disappointed on my last visit. The evening started by stretching a 10 minute wait time into 30 minutes. Once taken to the table it was very noticeable that the table cloth had been replaced by tacky plastic. We ordered the mahi mahi grilled, and two sides. The fish while a very small portion, was warm although a little dry. The sides were cold, and the Mac and cheese was fridge cold. The waitress was extremely nice removed the mac and cheese from the bill and apologized for the dry fish and cold sides. Not really sure what happened, is this typical of the Pineville NC chain it is this a franchise wide issue? I travel a good bit and Bone Fish is my favorite for fresh and relatively health food. Looks like I will have to reconsider my go-to when on the road.
4	I really like this place. Service is good & food is great. We've been for dinner & brunch. What a unique place for brunch! Excellent selection. We will definitely be back.
