5	A few months ago after a really horrible day at work I got in my mind that I needed to buy a bike.  Not just any bike,  a really fabulous beach cruiser bike.  I know that I live in Arizona and there is no beach to cruise by....however, I needed this bike.  I live in Arcadia and have driven by the Bike Barn hundreds of times... but now it was my time to explore what they had in store for me.  I went on the website and had picked out a fierce black cruiser with pink flames... at the time this matched my mood so I felt that it had my name written all over it.  I snuck out of work and went straight there.  There it was! My furious cruiser staring right at me!  The sales person came up to me and asked how he could help.  I immediately responded with I want this one..... Sadly I was informed that it was a children's bike.  Now you understand how little I know about bikes.  He kindly escorted me to the adult section were I discovered a baby blue cruiser that made my heart melt.  It was dressed in a giant red bow and had white flowers painted on it, a tan leather seat with more flowers and cork handle bars.  The best part was that it had a basket.  I bought it right then and there.  The sales guy ( I wish I could remember his name) was so kind.  He took my new purchase to the back were he examined her and made sure she was good to go.  Before I left he made sure to tell me to bring it back in 30 days and they will give her a tune up!  Since buying her she has been back for a tune up and checked out perfectly.  I officially love the Bike Barn and the staff.  If you are in the market for a new bike I highly recommend it!
1	Terrible customer service! I was in the market for two Electra cruisers (total cost w/accessories $1000). Since I lived down the street I thought it would be convenient to have a bike shop so close by. On three separate occasions, I went in the Bike Barn:1.  Monday afternoon - was in the store over 20 minutes - nobody every spoke to me or offered any assistance.2.  Thursday afternoon - a young gentlemen approached me, started asking some questions about the cruisers, he pulled out his cell phone and started sending a text message3.  Sat morning - was approached by a middle aged woman, told her I was interested in the Electra's - pointed me to the opposite side of the store and then walked off.Great location - crappy customer service.
1	Terrible customer service; I've been a handful of times and get ignored or feel as though I'm inconveniencing the staff. It's also comparatively overpriced. Go to Rage Bikes in Scottsdale, for the total opposite of my comments above.
4	These guys were great.  I was in and out in no time at all, with a fabulous rental bike totally fitted for me!  Can't wait to go back to Scottsdale so I can get another ride in.
1	Wow. I called ahead to ask a few questions about what was going on with our bikes (we know how to fix up bikes for the most part but don't have a bunch of bicycle tools for when all the gear for your head tube is being funny, or your back hub is messed up). He told us to bring our bikes in for a free estimate and they'd more than likely be able to fix it without too much of a charge. I thought, hurray!My girlfriend and I travelled by bus to get to this place (as we only have bikes). It took us about an hour (on a Sunday). We get there, he looks our bikes over, and says that it's going to cost $10 for a chain (reasonable) and $15 to put it on. Uhhhh, WHAT? You're telling me that you're going to charge me more than the actual chain to put it on, when if I had brought my little chain tool with me it would literally take me no more than five minutes to put the chain on? That was absolute BS.He also said he was going to charge $25 to put a front brake on. Please tell me you are joking about that, too. I checked my watch to make sure it wasn't April 1st.Then after my girlfriend walked outside, I find out that they aren't even going to fix it today (when it in total would have taken them no more than 10 minutes). The hipsters response was, "Uh, well I don't have the time to do it today. It's very labor intensive work." It wasn't. At all. If I had the right bike tools it would have taken me about four seconds to rearrange the bolts for the front wheel.They're rude. They're pretentious. And they think that I have no knowledge of bikes (simply because I brought the bicycle in), so they're incredible condescending. Not to mention up-charging the hell out of whatever they feel like.Don't go there. Ever.Find somewhere else to go.If you really want an excellent deal and maybe learn a few things in the process, take your bike to Doug at Bikes International in Mesa. It's out of his home, but he took several classes on bicycle mechanics, worked in several bike shops, and now teaches classes on bicycle mechanics. For more info email him at bikesintl@netzero.com
4	I visited the Bike Barn on a whim, while I was at a street fair in the neighborhood.  I fell in love with the Electra bike line.  The staff answered my questions without pressuring me at all.  I went home, researched the Electra bikes, and returned a few weeks later to make a purchase.  The service was excellent.  They offer a free tune-up once you break your bike in.  I have had so much fun on my Townie!  One of my friends bought the very same model, but had some problems with it.  The good folks at the Bike Barn took care of the necessary adjustments, and now she's a happy biker, too!  They have a great selection of accessories, and will happily special order items they don't have in stock.  Their turn-around time is great, too.  I recommend them without reservation.
1	Worst Bike Shop EVER!After being assured by the staff at "Bike Barn" in Phoenix that they do ship recumbents and could pack ship the Bacchetta Strada plus some extra components to me for $60 plus shipping via Fed Ex to me here in San Francisco, I bought a bike from someone on Craigslist .  I then never heard from Bike Barn after they got my bike delivered to them with my information.  I called two days later and the Manager then told me that the guy who confirmed with me was new and they don't really do that for $60, it should be more, but they would figure something out when they get a box, but acted like they were gonna charge me more than they quoted.  Then the ASS. Manager called me a day later and said they were going to pack it all in a huge 7foot box and had determined with FedEx that it was gonna cost me $441 to San Francisco!  They gave me some attitude when I said that was utterly ridiculous, given that I shipped a trike from Florida to San Francisco for $150 total.  I could fly there, pick it up and fly it back for less!  They were unsympathetic and downright unhelpful when I suggested they pack it in two boxes and they just actually suggested I ship it via truck!  I then called Sun Cyclery (Bike Barn got a box from them) as I was clearly SOL with the knuckleheads at BB.The difference in attitude and service was dramatic and amazing!  Joe at Sun Cyclery was friendly, polite and knowledgeable and said he had just shipped something similar to my bike for a LOT less than $441!  He explained that Bike Barn SHOULD KNOW BETTER than to ship it all in one gigantic box and that two boxes were required to keep it within FedEx shipping Requirements.  Joe went over and picked up the bike (after Bike Barn refused to drive it the 6 mi.)  He packed it and shipped it four days earlier than promised and for $227 total!  Not $501 total!Joe packed it securely using old inner tubes, which were inflated inside the box to keep it all snug and secure!  Creative attention to detail, friendly, polite and platinum quality service is what you get from Sun.  Avoid Bike Barn at all costs!  Go to Sun!
1	Chuck and Ryan, rude, Chuck dropped my bike off the rack. NEVER going back. Mary was nice, I'll take my bikes to somewhere that knows what customer service is
4	I'm going to start off with saying, I think Bike Barn deserves some of the reviews it has gotten here. I've bought 4 bikes from them in the last year, so I have run the gamut on what they have to offer. The guys who helped me with my first three bikes, were approachable relatively friendly but did what no salesman should do. "It's good for its price range." REALLY because I thought it was what I could afford.  To be fair Landis cycling said the same thing to me. I guess it's in the bike salesman book on how to win and influence customers............ So yeah, bike guys, stop saying that. It pisses your customers off.  With that off my chest, I can tell you why to go in there. Her name is Mary. She is amazing and has earned my business until she leaves Bike Barn. ASK FOR HER. She knew her inventory, had no problem answering my questions and fitted me for a bike that works for me. I even gave her many options some of them definitely more expensive and yet she persisted in making sure I got the right bike for me. That's impressive in my book. Try not to lose her bike Barn and get her to train the guys, they need something. PS I shopped a lot of bike places, there prices were comparable if not slightly cheaper than other places. I have no idea why anyone would think this particular store is more expensive.....Maybe to Wal-mart?
1	Customer service is shocking and I don't know how they've stayed in business.  I'm just getting into cycling for the first time since I was a kid, and should have checked this site before purchasing at the Bike Barn.  When I told the salesman that I was 'new' to modern cycling, his response was 'go borrow somebody else's bike'.  Way to get people into cycling and keep customers, eh?  I had already made the trip out there and purchased although shouldn't have - I truly wish another shop got my money.  He never offered to fit (which I later realized was very important)  or even ask my height, riding style, etc which has cost me some pretty stiff joints and a trip to the chiropractor.  I had to ask all the questions - he could care less.  When he was putting on some add-ons, I asked if I could watch and his response was to turn his back to me and completely covered what he was doing.   I'm sorry, Mr. Personality - I am new, trying to learn and tried to be a customer!  On my first ride I realized that the brakes were not assembled correctly and had to take it to another shop to get them fixed - I couldn't stomach taking it back even though it was brand new.  I just took it in for its 'free tune up' and they were jerks then, too.  I picked it up (or rescued it, rather) tonight and they man who returned it was nice - I'll give him that, but short of Bike Barn being the only bunker during a nuclear fallout, I'll never return.   Better customer service can be found at the motor vehicle division in August.  They say that a person will tell 50 people about a bad experience, and here it is, as seen on Yahoo and Facebook as well.    Maybe they only like seasoned riders.  If you're not, save yourself the high blood pressure and go to any other store.
1	I grew up in the Bike Barn neighborhood so I have loyal affinity for business in that area.  I was selling a carbon fiber bike and wanted to have it tip top for the new buyer so I took the bike in.  It was $60 for a service so I said "OK."Then he points out my flat tires and says I need new ones so I agree again and now we are up to $150.  I am driving home and he calls and says, "Hey man your rims are cracked and ready for failure."  He goes on with the punchline, "I would not risk my life on these rims." He says the cost for replacement rims would be $450.  I say OK and am smarting at the thought of $600 just to tune the bike up for sale?  Something about the cost of the rims made me look on Ebay and I found many choices of cool rims for the $200 range.  I called back and cancelled the rim purchase and instructed them to put my old rims on. When I picked up the bike which looked good with a clean up and new tires, I asked how much to crate a bike with me paying the postage?  The reply was $60 and after posting the bike on EBay it was quickly sold.  I called back and Ryan answered and I asked how much to crate a bike for shipment he replied $100.  I explained I was in and the price was $60 so he says, "OK if they told you $60 then it is $60.  I took the bike to REI and they said it would be a couple of days but the cost would be $30.  REI actually had the bike ready the next day for $30! My last experience with Bike Barn was when I took a bike wheel which was flat and wanted it repaired. I thought I would give it one more chance.  It was slow so the guy said he would do it right away. He removed the old tube and was putting in a new tube when I asked, "Can't you patch the old tube?"  His reply with steely eyed arrogance was "I don't do patches."  In my opinion most of the staff with exception of the woman thinks they are way too cool.  I don't know where the arrogance comes from but it usually filters from above.  Don't be fooled into thinking this is a cute, friendly, neighborhood bike hang out offering fair prices because it is not.  It is a BUYER BEWARE atmosphere with salespeople looking to take your wallet for a ride.
4	These 4 stars actually belong to Mary, the manager.  While I ended up not buying my road bike from this store due to the deep discount I received from another LBS for the same brand road bike at an upgrade level, I wanted to share with you that Mary is awesome, patient, and very helpful.  I would recommend her to novice women bikers.   I'm very particular about purchasing merchandise from women, as I am a huge proponent of supporting women's business enterprise and supporting women in general. Mary spent a bunch of time figuring out the right bike size for me, and searched the computer to find out the availability and prices for 2012 models. She made me feel very comfortable and educated me on bikes and riding.  She rocks.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  Since I moved to Phoenix I have been looking for a nearby local bike shop.  Bike Barn is right around the corner from my office.  It seems like the tendency is for anybody that deals in specialized goods is to become really cliquish.  As you can see from looking at the reviews under "bicycle shop" it is definitely something that goes on a lot with bicycles.  When I  first started looking for a shop I took some time off and went to 5 in a row.  I would go into the shop and look at their stuff.  No one said anything to me in the first 4 shops.  That seems to be typical of bike shops in Phoenix.  If you aren't in the club they don't have time for you.  I suppose it doesn't help that I am not young, pretty and particularly fit, but when I was all three I raced bikes, worked in a bike shop, and lived the life for years so apparently I have unrealistic ideas about what service can/should be.Unfortunately Bike Barn is a typical Phoenix shop.  I have gone twice.  The first time I talked to a semi-informed unfriendly mechanic .  The second time I sought help in getting the right fit on my bike (with an appointment paying for the time, mind) and it was clear that the person had better things to do.  Don't know what, the store was empty.So...if you are part of the club, or the staff is having a good day...good for you.  I won't be back.
4	very helpful and knowledgeable bike store!!
1	I had been going to this shop for years, but I'm done.  Prices for basic repairs are way over priced and this last time I took one of my bike in they could not fix it and they still wanted to charge me for it!!!!    Then I come home and fix it myself in 30 min!   ---Go to Landis and not this place.
2	The selection of bikes and accessories here is pretty good, but the service was terrible. These were the most unfriendly, annoyed, least helpful people I've ever experienced at a bike shop. They were annoyed that we got there 20 minutes before closing and practically shooed us out the door promptly at 5 'til. We rode our bikes there and bought a basket for my cruiser (and a couple other things) and asked them if they had a tool we could use to put it on real quick. They said "maybe if you got here 25 minutes earlier we could help you." I mean, I get it, you're closing, but you don't have to be so rude. It would probably have taken you five minutes to put it on since you probably do that exact thing about 5 times a day. Plus, we have been to a lot of bike shops and they are usually the most friendly people, willing to stay an extra few minutes to earn your business. We've spent thousands of dollars at other bike shops and we won't be going to this one again, even though it's just blocks from our house.
5	I have brought my bike in for various reasons four different times and it has always been a solid experience for me. Once I brought our bikes in for a tuneup. I thought it was priced competitively and they did a fine job. In late 2011, I bought a helmut. The gentleman who assisted me was very helpful and also knew when to give me time on my own.  Recently I brought my bike in as I was riding home, because I kept getting flats on my back tire. Ron helped me and was very thorough. Not only did he fix the ongoing problem but he cleaned up my bike.  So I left with the problem completely fixed AND a shiny bike!  That's called customer service in my book-something sorely lacking in the US.   And I just brought it in again on Friday after a long ride because my odometer has not been working properly.  I thought they might be able to fix it for me. The tried but were unable to. Ron once again helped me. He sold me a very reasonably priced odometer that perfectly fits my needs. He did not oversell me. And because I didn't have enough cash on me, he allowed me to give him the cash I had on hand and call him to divvy up with my credit card when I got home. Yikes! I love this small business. Too bad I'm moving and won't be able to use them in the future.
1	Never even been here... I was shopping for a bike at Landis and asked the wifey to go outside and call BB to price shop a similar bike... She was shocked when she came back at how rude the guy was on the phone, saying that if we didn't have at least $2k to spend on a entry level full suspension mountain bike that we'd be wasting our time... No worries, I bought a badass $2k Specialized upgraded to the 9's... Not BB's "entry level"... And all of this could have been avoided with a little customer service...
5	Great service!  Bought my Trek 7500 there and I am in love!  Mary was really nice and answered all my questions.
2	Definitely a mixed review for me. I am a total newbie to biking, and my first call was taken by a female who was so helpful and patient with all my questions. I decided that I would definitely bring my bike and my husband's bike in for what we needed. The next day I called to ask how long the service would take, and I spoke with a guy who was a  rude jerk. I didn't want to take the chance that he would take care of  me when I brought my bikes in, so I went to another bike shop near by where EVERYONE was nice and helpful.
2	We purchased a child seat for the back of our bike that was on display in their store and brought our bike in to have it put on.  After loudly complaining about how hard it may be to install, they told me it would be 5 days.  I left the bike and said not a problem.  Happily they called 2 days later.  The child seat they put on was not the same child seat in the store.  When I questioned them about it, they stated that it was the same seat just a different model.  I said it looks quite different as the bar does not go over the head and the foot rests are not adjustable.  They stated that it was the same quality/same seat but just a different model.  I took the bike home and my kid loves it.  After we took our first ride I did a little research.  Come to find out that the seat they put on is the cheaper version that is not as safe or strong as the one I requested and thought I was getting.  The non caring and looking at me as if I was wrong when I questioned the bike seat was not necessary and I nor my family (with 2 young kids that will be getting many new bikes over the next 10 years) will never be back.If you are putting a different product than purchased it should be told to the customer and they should not be shamed when asking about it.
5	This is a great bike shop! When it comes to bike shops in the valley there are certain shops that obtain a bad reputation very quickly. This is not one of them. Mary and her staff are really helpful and very friendly. Don't be fooled by the appearance on the outside. When you walk in, each person is very helpful and aware of the current and past trends in the industry. I recently had an issue with a warranty that a manufacturer had sent out via email and the shop handled it for me right away. They were prompt and helpful, which other such boutique shops are not.From beach cruisers to road bikes and all ages this shop is a great place to buy and get work on your bikes. Thanks Bike Barn
5	I rented a road bike from Bike Barn while in town for a conference.  They carried Specialized Roubaix for performance rentals with decent components (Ultegra).  When I arrived, the bike was literally brand new.  They hooked me up with a water bottle and flat kit.  They quickly installed my pedals and made a few fitting adjustments.  I returned the bike about 30 min after my 4 hour rental and they didn't charge me.  Awesome service.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a quality bike rental when visiting Phoenix.
5	I'm rather surprised by the reviews I'm seeing since I've had nothing but good experiences here.  I've started road biking more seriously and have come here often for pointers and opinions.  Mary and Ryan have been great, and while I don't know the other guys someone always says hello when I walk in.  My only "bad' experience was well over a year ago when I took an ancient road bike I owned in for a tune-up.  I discovered after picking up the bike that I couldn't come to a  stop because no one had actually adjusted the brakes.  Obviously that's a big issue so I did come back in with it.  They ended up replacing the brake pads for free since someone wasn't very thorough with the tune up.  It sucked having to go back in but at least they fixed the problem with no out of pocket costs. So I'll just chalk that one up to a fluky seasonal hire and move on.Aside from that, I like coming to this store enough to drive out of my way (I no longer live in the neighborhood) to pick up things for my bike.  I have a new bike now and have had them fit me to it, which they've been great with too.
5	Two years pass by......and I'm happy to report the boys are rockin it hard core at Bike Barn. I walked in the other day and two ( two!!) greeted me.  When I looked confused one asked if he could help me. Mary was still bustling around doing her magic but the Guys added a sense of ease.....and it was nice. So yep Bike Barn... . Love me some Bike Barn.
5	I stopped in there on Sunday because like an idiot I had taken the back wheel off my bike and then couldn't put it back together again...I'd lost a few ball bearings along the way too (mechanical stuff isn't my strong suit).  It was embarrassing to me that a simple project had gotten so complicated due to my own ineptitude.Anyway, they were really nice about it.  They didn't howl at my expense, although I certainly deserved it.  The mechanic came out, grabbed my bike out of the back of the car, and fixed it on the spot (and it was way more complicated than even he thought it would be, I had screwed it up so badly).  To top things off, even though it took him a good half hour, he was reluctant to charge me.  I insisted and we finally settled on $10.It was a perfect customer experience for me, and I really don't understand any of the negative comments about service, attitude, prices, etc. I'll definitely be back.
5	I work close by at the Stand & was having an issue with my bike tire, so my boss recommended I take it to The Bike Barn. I was hesitant at first, thinking it was going to be expensive, but we went anyway. All the guys there were extremely friendly. Rich was raggin on my bike a little bit, lol, half joking half not, because it really wasn't the best of bikes around!! Anyway so today, I was working and he comes in and asks me to come outside whenever I get a minute. At first I'm like oh no Am i in trouble?! Haha. I thought maybe i messed up his food order or something! Anyway we go outside, and he tells me about how he didn't like my bike and that i should be riding a better one and stuff... which I SHOULD. The Bike is my means of transportation to and from work every day! so he points to a NICE new beautiful bike and tells me that It's mine!!!! I have NEVER EVER EVER had such an act of kindness come from anyone like that!! I seriously felt like he had just given me a new car. Rich I just want to say THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH from the BOTTOM OF MY HEART!!! Nobody has ever done anything like that for me before. Also, it couldn't have come at a better time because after bringing my first bike in, I got a flat tire!! I fixed that, then it happened again!! So i had been walking in the hot Arizona sun every day to work. Also, I cut the tip of my finger off at work a couple days ago. I just wasn't having a good week at all, and this totally touched my heart!!! I also shared this on Facebook and everyone loved it. I know that you certainly did not give me the Bike to get any recognition, but i just want to let you know that people think you are wonderful! Also, I had no idea how much my first bike REALLY DID SUCK until I rode this one! WOW!!! what a smooth, perfect ride!! I am so grateful for you, Rich!! Best customer service ever!! You have helped me out tremendously! And the rest of the guys at Bike Barn are super nice too!! Thanks so much guys!! I would recommend this place to anyone! Not just because you gave me the AWESOME bike, but for the awesome helpful customer service I received while in there!
2	After buying a vintage bike to restore for my girlfriend and on a recommendation from a co-worker, I decided to give Bike Barn a shot. Rich, one of the mechanics helped me get some bearings for the headset because one of them was completely rotted! Luckily one of the original ones was still in great condition. I told him I'd like to replace both since I'm re-doing the bike. He said he didn't have those exact ones but had some that will work perfectly. He went to the back & picked out new bearings... Got home and nowhere near close to fitting! Asked him some more questions about other pieces I'd need. He seemed completely annoyed at the questions I'd ask & just working there in general. Seems like he just wants to get through the day just to get to the cold brewskis in the fridge at home. The guy with the buzzed head & lady that work at Bike Barn are super nice. Unfortunately, by my first interaction here I will not be going to Bike Barn any longer I'll take my money over to Landis Cyclery.
3	I wrote a negative review about the Bike Barn back in 2011 and would check it  on occasion.   I  received a comment from someone who was doing damage control 16 months later.  It further enforced my belief that this place is in disarray.  Then last week I took a bike in for repair expecting the same arrogant treatment and was shocked.  The mechanics were super friendly and suggested ways to make things work without spending more money.  It was a completely different vibe and I think they are actually turning things around in a positive way. I haven't picked up the bike so I don't know what the bill will be but I am hopeful they will be fair.  Keep up the cheer Bike Barn and the parking spaces in front of the store will be full again.
5	Great service, great selection! My husband and I both got bikes here, we could've got them somewhere else, but the people here were so nice, that we came back and had them order the bikes for us. Plus they gave us a discount since we bought two bikes. They built my bike in just a couple hours for me, and I LOVE IT! So glad we found this place on yelp!
5	I almost bought nothing. Seriously. Air. Air is free here!(No quarters required.) But!So is service. Service with a smile (and laughter) made my visit very enjoyable. I had been dropped off to have my little old knee scooter filled up with air. Even though I purchased it elsewhere, the staff was more than happy to help me pump my little guy up.Like I said, with a smile!I was having such a good time I explored the store. And of course I had to pick up some fancy pants bike bells. Yes, I bought TWO. With glitter thankyouverymuch. (I'm renting an indoor knee scooter. Then the interwebs showed me the way and I purchased an off road version. Woot!)I've passed by this place a ton of times while living here. Can't wait to come back when I have both of my feet in action! Love the staff! Good peeps!
5	What a great first experience!  Walked in needing a tube replaced, 10 minutes and $15 bucks later I was out the door.  Needless to say they are fast...plus friendly & the prices are reasonable.  I will be back!
5	I adore the employees that work here. They are incredibly helpful and chipper. I was sold on their incredible customer service when they pumped air into a knee scooter for me. (No charge! Happened right away!) Recently I dropped off a bike to be assembled and serviced. Actually, that's not true. Hamilton, my bud, carried the ginormous box from my car into the store. (Hey, I held the door open!) I explained that Bee (my yellow bike) had been accumulating dust back east for years and had a flat tire. I was pleased to hear how fairly priced the work c/would be. (They would examine my bike and ring me with a final course of action before starting the work.)Additionally, with no judgement over my lack of exercise, Hamilton explained how the green goop sealant works. (My technical term. I heard "mwah mwah mwah" but now understand what to do if I have a flat.)My bike was ready in a few days ... and is now sitting unused in my apartment. Er-Focusing on the important stuff, this joint is great!
5	On a road trip and the Thule rack started to lean. These guys tightened it up (w/o charge) and sent us on our way much relieved. Thanks.
1	Brought my bike in to get it repaired and left with both tires flat told that they are dry rotted even though they are less than 2 months old.  I don't believe that my bike was stored in the correct way.  I recommend fixing your bike yourself if you have the tools or the ability which I should have done in the first place I guess
5	Bike Barn has been in business since 1957 for one reason: Unbelievable customer service. We return for the experience. (I say this as though I'm an experienced cyclist. Let's be clear. I'm not.) I'm just an incredibly satisfied repeat visitor.This store happily helps all levels of cyclists. I've watched and listened. My favorite question (heard over and over) "Hey, do these tires do something special?" As shoppers point to beach cruiser balloon tires. With the patience of a saint, and without fail, the employees here explain the history.*This is a one stop service store. They offer everything you could possibly need for a bicycle. (And a granny knee scooter, should one have foot surgery.) Obviously, bicycles. The scope of bicycles sold is mind boggling. They offer a fitting service to help you select one. Bikes can be assembled for you if you ship one here.Accessory products range from locks, gloves, water bottles, lights, shorts, tops, mirrors, fenders, baskets, bells (I personally own one with a pink heart, thank-you-very-much), tech gadgets galore [  deep breath  ], socks, pumps, helmets, shoes. (Did you hear me search engine?) There's more. They sell stuff. Price points range from almost nothing to over 4K. And that's because they carry high quality merchandise. They also have an e-commerce store too! http://bikebarnaz.comKid products abound. (I know, I tried to purchase a unicorn design set of gloves. Alas this is understandably popular and was out of stock.)The owners and employees of this store really are invested in the community. You're not just coming to buy stuff here. If you want, you can join a network of super nice people. They offer bike rides for all levels of cyclists. This information is posted on their website and on the white board in the store. It says "No one left behind." :)  That would be me.I brought in my bell from my knee scooter and Hamilton was super happy to find a new home on my bicycle for it. He also showed me how to use a camel hydration system (which was not purchased at Bike Barn). I knew they would they help. Additionally I was shown how to use the different levels on my new front light. These guys are really looking out for you. I've learned something in every visit to this store. This is why my dollars will always be spent here.Thanks for everything Hamilton!* Balloon tires on beach cruisers: They were created for a soft ride and initially popular on the beach. (This store has a variety of styles. I'd go take a peak. I'm not giving you the full answer! :)
5	This is my go-to local bike shop and once again, they exceeded my expectations on some recent service/repair work on my wife's Trek bike and also my Cannondale road-bike.  I want to especially recognize Hamilton in the Service Department for his attitude, customer service, and communication.  After I crashed my Cannondale, he went above and beyond in making my bike ride-able until I could source repair parts for this 10-yr old bike (e.g. Dura Ace 7700/7800 derailleur and rubber brake hood for Dura Ace 7700 9-spd shifter).  This past week, he installed my "new" repair parts and this bike feels as good as new again.   I am very happy with his work and feel like I paid a fair price.
