5	Its the first real barbershop I have been to in Las Vegas. Flat screens that show sports all day and a casual open atmosphere to the place. Everyone is friendly and professional.
4	Being in the military, I've had countless haircuts literally all over the world.  My haircut is pretty standard fare, but it is very easy to mess up if you rush or take shortcuts.  I get a #2 on the top, a skin tight fade about medium height, and get my line hooked up.  I come to Vegas pretty often because my in-laws live here, so finding a barber is a necessity for me.  I take my haircuts very seriously and a bad cut can ruin my whole day (I don't even bother with Super Cuts or Sports Clips type places).  The previous place that I had been to in Vegas was The Art of Shaving at Mandalay Shoppes about 3-4 years ago.  Elliot from Elliot and Co. was "freelancing" there and he is probably the best barber I have ever run into.  However, E&C and TAOS are more for special occasions because the cost a bit prohibitive.  Which brings me to Head Hunterz - it reminds me of my normal barbershop in San Diego "Superior Cuts" by the Chula Vista Mall.  You got sports on the tv, people arguing about who knows what, and a queue of cats waiting for their usual barber.  The bottom line is that everyone in Head Hunterz can cut - I was very pleased with my "usual" and the 18 dollars is about what I pay in CA and what I used to pay on the East Coast.  You will not be disappointed with the quality of the cut, but they might hurt your feelings in some of the heated discussions!
3	Wandering through Green Valley taking care of the mundane (car wash, grocery shopping, etc.), I needed to find somewhere I could quickly have my neckline cleaned up. I figured a barber would do the trick, so I pulled up the Yelp app on my DROID and started browsing. The two reviews for Head Hunterz were encouraging enough, and it was close, so I drove toward Wigwam and Eastern to take care of business.First, the place is kind of hard to find. It's address is on Eastern, but Head Hunterz is actually tucked away behind the main drag in a retail complex off Wigwam. So if you're looking, keep that in mind.When I walked up to the joint, I couldn't really see inside. The windows were all covered with multiple copies of some newspaper's sports page. I expected a sports-friendly atmosphere, as reviewers pointed that out. Not a bonus or detractor for me, but there it is.Walking in, the place was full of people, mostly young, some of whom just appeared to be hanging out. While Head Hunterz isn't an "ethnic" hair place per se, let's just say if you're looking for a scene out of the Ice Cube classic "Barbershop," this is your place. Lots of chatter about sports, women, etc. Very relaxed, very male-centric. No one up in here getting perms or highlights. More like fades and crops.After signing in on the walk-in list, it only took about a minute for Will, the barber, to get me seated in his chair. Now, it doesn't matter to me, but this isn't a frilly joint, so yeah, there was a lot of hair around the place getting pushed around, a very informal atmosphere. No frills. But Will was friendly and listened. I told him I just wanted my neckline taken above my neck tattoo and the stuff around my ears cleaned up. I settled in. He went to work.For about 20 minutes, Will worked his clippers around the lower edge of my hair, talking on the phone the whole time. I worried a bit. Was he paying attention? How much was he taking off after spending so much time buzzing away? But once he finished up and handed me the mirror, my worries were assuaged. His work was tight. Got the square/rounded corners just right, everything nice and even. We shook hands, I paid a reasonable $10 + tip and was off to do more boring errands.If you're planning to hit up Head Hunterz, bring cash -- they only take credit cards for charges over $20. Otherwise, you just pay your barber. And if you're a sports fan, be prepared to possibly defend your team allegiance, because I definitely sensed some strong opinions going around. I may go back when this nonsense grows in more to get a full cut. And I'll probably update this review then.
3	I recently read about this place on Yelp so I figured I would give it a try.  The location is off the beaten path which explains why I had never seen it before.  As PjP states, this place reminds you of the movie "Barbershop" there were Moms bringing in kids, young men and old "G's" in the waiting area.  It is hard to figure who has an appointment or who is waiting on what barber so I would never "walk-in" to this place again.  I would have an appointment especially because most of the barbers move at their own rate of speed and many customers who have appointments show up late.  Anyway, I finally got in Will Buchanan's chair and he gave me a good cut.
4	The second best Black barber shop in Green Valley Henderson. Yep second. They were the best, mostly because they were the only. But,a  new competitor called In Da Cut has come int their "Hood". Back to HH. ALMOST everyone can cut. They take time and hook you right. Sometimes the sign in sheet is shakey. Best to find a Barber you like and make an appointment. I would see Derek aka "D.T./DMoney" or Greg aka "G-Reg".The facility is nice. They usually have music or sports on or both. The only reason they are second best is the price. For a taper and shave they hit my pockets for 35 + tip. at In Da Cut its gonna be 25 + tip and everyone can cut. The best place is gonna be most places on the westside. 20 + tip.  My spot is MASTERPIECE barber shop. I usually get at Maurice aka "MoFab". There are better dudes but he hooks me up. Head Hunterz is like the Autotune or HipHop  version of a black barbershop trying so hard to capture the essence of the Blk Barber Shop some of the Authenticity is missing. I guess they would call it upscale. But, Its a good place to go.
