1	Erich Kritemeyer, Is the worse customer service person in the business, he was horrible. Tripped over his own verb age did not know the contract. Could not explain why he did not have an answer but he sure wanted to sell me a phone. That was the answer just buy a new phone we will give you a deal. I already had an iphone and I was unable to get the device turned on and it is because of some red tape no one had any paper work on that would produce a decision. every one said it was illegal to have possession of the phone but when I produced a police report I bought the phone they shut up. I also went to a different store where they printed off a duplicate recite and they were not happy because for every answer they had I had a point they were wrong.I also had them lookk in the records and see I purchased the iphone. He then began quoting me the law I said thats not whats in the report unless you have law enforcement degree you should not quote the law. I reminded him he could not even quote the liability clause he was so sure to stand by but could not prove he was right. I asked if while I was in the store could I call the customer service line they said yeah. He cut me off from the call. I have no idea why. the manager had to come over an reconnect the call. I told Erich I felt like i was in a circle jerk and he said first of all that language is not allowed. I said what language. He said I do not like your language I am offended. I looked right at him and said is it Erich (wanting to make sure I pronounced his name correct) What are your referring to when you say language. Because I call customer service they tell me to come here I come here you tell me to call customer service to me that is a circle jerk. he said I was offending him I said this whole situation is offensive to me!  Your lack of customer service is offensive. I paid good money for a phone i cannot turn on because of a legality which is really just an ethical decision that no one wants to make because there is no clarification on the liability clause you have just surfaced. I realize that is a new thing for this company but it is well defined your employees both front and back office as they were termed to me would not and could not produce any paper work substantiating the fact I could not get a new number linked to my device. But they were all too happy to allow me to purchase a new phone. Is this how Verizon does business this seems like a close fine line to extortion to me.Are managers or store owners  like Erich the new faces of sell sell sell. Why was someone allowed to procure a line from my plan when they were not financially sound to do so. Isn't that how the housing market got in this fix. Now that the person ha had a change in heart and will no longer make payments on his line and hasn't for some time I am locked out of a device. i offered to take back over the line and resume liability of the line in question. I just wanted to use my phone. I was told over the phone by customer service on more than one occasion that it is a simple switch of the number he continues to pay on the number and a new number is put on my device. this old number is put on "blank device".  Or in Mr. Motts case the number is not being paid on and you guys can deal with that. He was a former Verizon wireless service manager and manipulated the system. I realize he is not employed there any more and I realize you may never employ him again but why must i suffer in the after math. is that the plan sell phones to people and not allow them to use them. There was no clause saying I resend my permission. I did it with in the allowed 60 days as I was quoted on the phone. This should of been a easy reversal. once I said that, Erich said it was 30 days once I said fine the original request to resend was now 7 days ago I have been doing this all week well with in the 30 days allowed and not all the notes have made it in the system. Erich then told me 14 days. Really!???! Had a thought quick enough and I said I did it 10 days after I sent it would he then have said 9 days.... please this is just one small example of how horrible Erich knew the Verizon policy and how disengaging he was on the store site. when he wasn't trying to argue the law with me he was hiding in back wouldn't come out and talk with me. Erich had Ayham the manager do most of the talking. Ayham wanted to help wanted to work it out and  also wanted to sell a phone as a LAST resort.At one point Erich's hands were shaking should I have been worried that his lack of responsibility and convoluted explanation of policy which could not be physically produced would of turned violent. Or was was he just nervous because he was lying and I was on the verge of getting a clue about all the legal convolution being dispensed in my direction to try and get my to buy a new phone.Bottom line is an easy credit check would of shown Mr. Mott was incapable of accepting a second line when he could not afford the first.
5	Bought a new I Phone at another store and attended a "how to" class at this site.  Excellent class and loved that they took the larger group and broke us up into smaller groups.  Learned a lot...would recommend for any new I Phone user.
1	These people are horrible. I bought a phone and it went dead inn just a few hours and when I went to return it, they wouldn't without charging me an additional $35 fee. They were incredibly rude and also tried to blame me for it not working. All I did was pk Uganda it in to the charger and set it on the counter. They were willing to lose the account I have had with them for more than three years over this fee. One call to customer service and the fee was removed but the store didn't seem to seven care to keep my business.
1	I've been with Verizon for over 14 years, even before they went by Verizon.  I've seen some pretty excellent customer service from them in that time, and today I experienced the worst customer service from this retail location.Last Saturday I went into the retail location to purchase a car charger.  The place was super busy.  The guy at the check in station said no problem, ran to the back, got the charger, rang me up and I was out the door in under 5 minutes.  Great.Well, turns out I don't need the charger.  So I just went in to return it. No big deal right?Wrong.The girl at the check in station said that they only do things first come first serve and I'm looking at AT LEAST AN HOUR before I can be helped.  Um, what?  An hour or more to return an item for refund?  I don't need tech help, or a new phone/plan or help with existing service or equipment.  I just want to return the charger.  If it was really a first come first served system, then they had no problem skipping me to the front of the line for me to spend money.  But they won't for a simple cash register transaction return? If that is really the system.  I am seriously dumbfounded.  I've never heard anything so absurd in my life!I called Verizon headquarters/corporate to lodge a complaint and the woman who took my call said SHE was surprised that they said that.  Said she has never heard of something so awful, and that she would be pretty upset about it too.  She was more than just a sympathetic report taker, she was dumbfounded as well.Mind boggling.  Now I have to go back when I either have an hour to waste to get my $30 back, or get there right as they open.  Total inconvience for me.  Not a happy camper
