2	My son has been to almost every Kids Quest in Las Vegas but one. What he told me about this place was that it was small and not as fun as the other KQ. I'm thinking because not many kids were there and plus like he said, there wasn't much to do. I'm sure the staff here is friendly, which is why I have a hard time believing this place should be a 1 star, but sorry to say if my son didn't like it much no reason for me to come back or even rate this place any better than what I did at other Kids Quests.So based on his view, I had to rate this lower compared to what I reviewed on other Kids Quest.
5	Our boys go here all the time.  They love it and everyone is super nice.  It's a great place if you just need a couple hours without the kids to eat or gamble a little.
4	My kids literally beg me to take them here. The facility is awesome. Theres a huge play structure, ipads yo draw on, a play house area, a train set, and a dance dance revolution type setup with music and lights that kids chase on the rug - and thats just what can be seen from the front lobby. If i were a kid, id beg my parents to come here too.For parents of young children, finding a good babysitter can be a challenge. This place eliminates the search entirely and allows you to drop your child here for $6, $7 $8 or $9 per hour, depending on their age and whether or not its the weekend. While they do take infants & toddlrs, its a good idea to call ahead & reserve a spot for your under 2.5 year old, as they have a special room for these tots & theres limited availability. All of the station casinos that offer kids quest are required by law to have immunizations on hand. Theyll let it slide the first time, but after that youre required by law to have them. If youre from out of state, bring them along unless you only plan to use their services once. Other things to know: if your child isnt potty trained yet, tell the staff they need potty patrol. Id been bringing my kids here for a long time before i figured out by a soiled diaper that they werent changing my three year old. They never told me i had to tell them "potty patrol". I thought the diaper bag would be enough. Not so. They also offer meals for your little one, and my kids tell me theyre tasty, though not terribly nutritional (chicken nuggets, pizza & burgers grace the menu).  You can also tell the staff that your kids can have drinks if they want. Theres a five hour max stay here for any given day, and you must stsy in the casino (yea, ive had them call me back before). So dont think this will replace daycare. Finally, the staff seem to be attentive & caring, and theres usually a good staff to kid ratio. The floor is open & viewable from the casino, which i like, but if you dont, red rock has a closed-off kids quest with doors. We have brought our kids there and to the boulder station kq, and have had similar good experiences. 1 star off for two reasons: the potty patrol thing, and also the price. If you have more than one kid, it adds up QUICK, esp. If the kidshave dinner here. With 3 kids, weve often paid over $100. Dont forget sox! Youll pay $2 a pair if you do - and theyare UGLY! Lol
5	Parents get to play..kids get to play.  Win win for everyone.
2	I am sure this place is fine for older kids, but after leaving our three year old there for two hours, I would not recommend. Our three year old was in the same barely supervised play area with all of the older children. When we arrived to pick her up, we saw her get into a slide, get scared, and cry/beg for help. No one even turned around to see if she was okay. It actually took me telling two people up front that she needed help before they finally went to check on her. Not impressed.
