3	Ate here after being picked up from Vegas airport by friends who had a rental car.  Way outside the main strip, bout 5 miles or so, but is in a large cookie-cutter casino, so if you like to keep your gambling and eating close together then it's not bad.Nice atmosphere, dim lighting, high back deep upholstered booths, vintage photos, overall an upscale steakhouse feel.  They were able to sit 7 of us on Sunday night around 7:30 pm without much wait, which was great cuz i was one starving mofo as i arrived into LAS.  The food was okay, for a casino steakhouse.  I started by splitting an escargot appetizer which included mushroom caps stuffed with the snail in garlic butter then baked in puff pastry.  Reminded me of being on a cruise ship b/c thats probably the only other place i've tried escargot.  it wasn't my choice but i enjoyed it.  The menu states they use "prime" grade on their beef, so i was anxiously pleased.  Tried their smallest cut prime rib @ 12 oz and it was alright.  Nice texture and flavor but mine was a little more done than the med-rare i ordered, but i didn't mind too much, b/c 1) i was hungry; and 2) my plate was under $20, so score on value.  They serve up a generous pour of red wine by the glass with a conservative selection with most being around $7-$10, so score on value again.So this place is not quite a memorable steakhouse but it is also quite above a casino coffee shop.  i was fairly satisfied with what i got for what i paid.  if i wasn't brought here i probably would of never set foot here, but when traveling i just go with the flow and see where it takes me, and in Vegas it's usually better than not.
2	Nice atmosphere inside with dark wood trim.the salad was good, (basic but good)I've had much worse meals on the strip and paid twice as much, but all in all not a fan. the prime rib, now i many have had too much sun that day, because i said well done when he asked about the prime rib and that is just gross, but my fault, however the meat was no better than any prime rib special for 6.99 my wife hated her chicken, very oily, and sister seemed to like her salmon.the service was good.
5	The best Filet I have had in a longtime. I had the crispy duck egg roll too & was a great. The waiters were quick & polite.I will be going bac the for sure the next time I visit Las Vegas.
5	This place was an absolute  delicious surprise! For the price of the food, the quality of steaks at this place were the best I have ever eaten. I had come here for a late dinner on Sunday, so the place was pretty empty, and we were immediately seated. They start you off with a variety of different kinds of breads, which is nice. Personally, I liked the raisin bread.  My boyfriend and cousin had ordered the rib eye, which they described as to die for. The meat literally melted off the bone and into their mouth. My cousin described it as the best he has ever eaten.  I had the filet mignon, which was also just as good. It was really juicy and perfectly cooked. For dessert I had creme brulee, which also  delicious. Overall, the food at this place was perfect. I am definitely going back again next time I stay at South Point!
2	Not a bad place - good service and decent food.But if you are going to spend $50 on a meal before drinks then you can and should go somewhere better.  The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but also a bit tired and depressing.
4	Being a local here in Vegas, its sometimes hard to resist the temptation of stepping into one of the casinos and trying your luck! However, this time everyone's a winner! I've been here a couple times and I must say their steak here is definitely worth the trip..My dinner starts with their house salad that consists of heart of palms that I would say is the key element that makes thesalads texture unique to most and taste much better than the ordinary. I'm not a big salad fan but I love the salad here. As usual, I order the Rib-Eye char-broiled, cooked medium-medium well and a side of bearnaise sauce (doesn't need it, I just like switching up the flavor occasionally). The steak  sweats rich flavor and is cooked exactly as I please with just a hint of pink through out. Slicing through it is like butter and after my first bite its silence.. Its flavor rivals the best of them! I was really skeptical of this place because I usually check other 'foodies' reviews/comments or recommendations before trying a steak house for the first time. Well like I said in the beginning, everybodys a winner!Honorable mention: I have also tried their Chilean Sea Bass (occasionally available) and it was wonderful not to mention quite large.Servers are attentive, above average. Place is ok, dim lighting, not real fancy..Try this place  you won't be disappointed
2	I had a buy one get one free entree coupon which was the only reason why we went here.  Got the ribeye and she got the filet.  Both were fine but nothing compared to the best steakhouses in LV.  It was nice that the steaks came w/ a potato and salad.  Sides were below average.  The creamed spinach wasn't good and the sauteed mushrooms/onions was not worth $7. Had reasonably priced bottles of wine which were fine.  Bread served was the same as every other restaurant at Southpoint.I would definitely choose Outback over this place.  Not saying the steaks were bad..they were fine but just not worth going back for in a city with so many excellent places for steak.
4	Placed in front of me, 25 oz Prime Rib, Riesling not the traditional parings but the wine is my fav. TWO thumbs up! I know, it's bad, I had real low expectations for this restaurant, even if it is South Point's "high-end" restaurant because it is after all, South Point. Bad jO, BAD!It turns out that their food is MUCH better than I had ever expected. I'm not big on prime rib but the kid and I were splitting and that's what he wanted, and I'm really glad he did, I really liked it! Sides ordered were asparagus w/ hollindaise and mashed potatoes. The mashed taste like boxed taters but the asparagus and the hollandaise were on point.We'd return if we were in the area but it's just a tad too far for the drive when we're itchin' for some steak.
4	We went here for Christmas Eve dinner. And only because we couldn't get a last minute reservation anywhere else. I must admit I had very low expectations. Well, let me tell you I was pleasantly surprised! Our wait staff was fantastic. The service was absolutely superb. The food was even better. I was happy with the fact that the meals came with salad and sides. The price did end up being outrageous for a local spot. But that was our fault. We went all out. We had dinner, desserts, wine, coffee and cocktails. The only negative I have about this place is the decor. If they got rid of the dumb murals and replace with paintings and turned down the lights a bit it would change the perception 100%. I would eat here with anyone from anywhere and be sure they would not be disappointed with the food. Turn up the atmosphere a notch and it's an all around winner. will be back again and again!!
2	This is my third time going to this establishment. the first time, I went with my daughter and had outstanding service and the prime rib was perfect. The second time I went with four other people and we had to ask for someone to take our order. This third time was last night. I went with my husband and it was busy but I think they were short-handed. the busboy brought us water and bread and we never saw the waiter for a good 15 minutes. Finally he swang by pushing a cart of food and said he would be right with us. That took a while. when he finally came to our table, He said, "hi, can I take your order?" We ended up feeling rushed to order everything one time and he didn't even think that we wantedt o order a bottle of wine which we had asked for an ice bucket and it arrived after we finished the bottle. Service was poor and the food this time was just okay. I was really dissapointed in our overall experience. Sorry to say, I won't be going back.....
4	Sure the decor is a little cheesy but for the price and quality of the food you get, I will happily look past it. The first time we came here I set my expectations to low to medium, based on it's location and price point. After a lovely first meal, however, we decided to again visit this establishment on our recent trip and I am so glad we did. Once again I will bring up the price point, but only to illustrate the value of what you get. A large Cajun Ribeye with a side baked potato and a very generous sized salad will set you back only $34.00. This is about a third of what my boyfriend and I normally pay for a good steak dinner. The blue cheese salad is great, and I love the hearts of palm and artichokes that they generously add to the mix. The Ribeye is very large and tender and I love their blackening seasoning. Not quite on par with Morton's steak quality but a close runner up. A loaded baked potato? What's not to love? Oh and to you bread lovers, they hook it up! Pretzel bread buns, brioche style buns, and a great crusty raisin and nut artisan style bread. Yummy! Great quality and value and great service equals happy Rebecca.
4	Had dinner last saturday at Silverado. The service was good and the food was also good. Shrimp cocktail was out of this world. We thought salads came with our steaks but also ordered beefsteak tomato salad, that appetizer was wonderful as well but we didn't get our table side tossed dinner salads. oh well, had a nice bottle of wine and was not charged, bonus!Creme brulee was spot on and overall it was a very nice and affordable meal.
4	From the notes of tonight, Silverado Steakhouse is not a place that does a singular specialty item. Instead, they execute everything well. Our party of four decided to grab a a range of items and share dishes.All their appetizers are $13. We ordered half a dozen raw oysters, jumbo lump crab cocktail, and a jumbo shrimp cocktail. The oysters were fresh and briny. The shrimp were monstrous and firm. The crab was the best out of them all. The huge pieces of crab are nestled on a bed of avocado and cucumber. A spritz of lemon and a bit of the sauce made for perfection.Do not pass up on the cognac lobster bisque. It is ambrosial. The decadently creamy stock is them topped with small pieces of lobster and parley to mix in. The Caesar salad is also a good addition. It is the classic style, but could have used a bit more acid and anchovies. All salads and soups are $8.For entrees we got the twin lobster tails, a 12oz steak and lobster tail, lamb chops, and the salmon. All of these dishes were delicious. The lobster took center stage. They were firm without being overcooked, juicy, and buttery on it's own. The lamb chops came in three on top of a demi glaze reduction. It was so good that I passed on dressing up my potato to dip in this sauce. The salmon was moist and flaky. The steak was cooked to a beautiful medium rare and thick. The surf and turf and lobster tails are at market price. The lamb chops were $39 and I do not remember how much the salmon cost. All meals are accompanied by a salad and a baked or mashed potatoes. We also got an order of asparagus and creamed corn. The former was cooked to perfection while the latter was just ok. Lawry's version is hands down the best. The last  time I went to Primarily Prime Rib, it was better. Maybe it was just a bad batch for the casino. Both cost $7 each.We finished the night with their chocolate peanut butter bon bon and New York style cheesecake. Both are superb, but the bon bon did not stand a chance. The meal was only enhanced by the company. This is a perfect place for an intimate group to get together and have a slow course meal.
4	We joined our out-of-town family at Silverado Steakhouse for dinner on a Thursday night. The decor is typical Vegas Casino Steakhouse, the chairs were very comfortable! The service we received was excellent - wish I could remember our server's name...We started with the crab cake appetizer. PLENTY of crab a good crab-to-filler ratio and the sauce was tasty. Next up was the house salad with their house dressing which was wonderful! For my meal I had the seafood special. That particular day it was Sea Bass with Scallops - WONDERFUL! Moist and flavorful fish, perfectly cooked scallops. There was a potato side and vegetables. They were just average on the creativity/unique scale, but they tasted just fine. Typical steakhouse sides.I didn't give it a full 5 stars because I felt the meal was very good, but there wasn't anything super amazing that would really pull me back in over some of the other great Vegas steakhouses. I would definitely recommend this steakhouse to people staying at South Point or if someone was in this area looking for a good steakhouse.
3	There are much better steakhouses in town, but if you happen to be there and feel like a steak, it will do. [There's also a Primarily Prime Rib & a Steak & Shake in this casino].I thought the salad was very 'blah' definitely bagged lettuce.  The lobster bisque was very good, super creamy.  I got the halibut and it was good, huge piece of fish. Friend go the Veal Oscar, that was average at best in my opinion.
4	Cheap. Decor, good food
5	Enjoyed a smothered filet mignon with a large bacon wrapped shrimp,  mash potatoes, and a very nice dining experience. The staff were very attentive. I will certainly go back.
5	They have a 3 team for every table, a great menu, and affordable prices. The shrimp cocktail is amazing and so is the creamed corn, just stay away from the mushrooms (they've disappointed me every time).
3	Good food, in generous portions with friendly, good service.This is a good steak house. The salad that accompanied our filet mignon was huge and delicious. It could have served as a meal by itself. The baked potato was also quite big and covered in a tasty preparation that enhanced its flavor. The filet itself was properly prepared and lightly covered with a tasty sauce. The wait staff was quite personable and , between the waiter and the bus boys, our glasses were never empty. There were many choices of wines available, but none very notable.So why only three stars? Because this was just pretty ordinary. Ample portions of food that was good, to be sure, but nothing special in terms of preparation.
3	A rating of 3.5 would be most appropriate.  For entrees Ann ordered the 8-ounce filet while I went cowboy style by ordering the 16-ounce prime rib. Both entrees were perfectly cooked to medium rare as requested and included a baked potato with all the fixings.  My prime rib, served with au jus and a horseradish sauce, turned out to be a mammoth slab of beef with most of the outer ring of fat and near fat removed. It was very tasty, but a little tough.   I only wish our dog Max had been with us because it took a Herculean effort for me to finish it alone.  Dessert was out of the question.
2	This was about as mediocre as you can get.  Food was certainly nothing special.  The prime rib I had was worth half the $38 I paid and certainly wasn't a prime cut.  The horseradish was the runny, canned variety.  The bread served with dinner was OK but was cold and some pieces were very stale. The salad served with the dinners was great and I could have left after that.  The portions were very large but lacked any special preparation, taste, or flare.  The wine list is rather decent if you aren't looking for a great bottle - and if you were why would you eat at the South Point.  Prices were excellent on the wine.Someone in my party had the halibut that looked great and I would try that next time I go.The service was rather apathetic and slow.  Nothing to make you feel special. I would rate the service as a step below Outback steakhouse.  This really irked me as I can put up with mediocre food if the service is excellent.  Why be in the service industry if you don't have any charm or warmth?  Not to digress, but I can't believe how poor the service is in Las Vegas at Casinos for the most part.  People, we're in a recession - if not depression in Las Vegas.  Service people in this town walk around like zombies.  They really need to step up their game in this restaurant.  It took 45 minutes to order and I was wondering 'what happened to my server, did he go on a break?'  My water was never refilled as well.I would like to return to this restaurant but would rather go to the restaurant atop the M resort as it offers better (well actually has) views, same prices, and a well trained staff.  I have written other reviews pertaining to the South Point to express the positives and negatives I have experienced ranging from their hotel to other restaurants and have received responses from management which is nice to the extent that I think they will do something about it.So South Point why shouldn't I go to the M resort or Lawry's instead of the Silverado Steakhouse? I receive better food, service and atmosphere.  Please put some effort into this place.
4	I like this steakhouse, it could make some minor improvements with food temperature.  I really enjoy their starter salad and the bread basket.  I enjoy the filet everytime I go there.  The wait staff is usually very good and always fast in removing plates, refilling drinks etc..  If you go in, go on a Thursday and ask for Edgar he's great!
4	It's a decent steakhouse. Pretzel bread up front is nice. Very good lobster bisque and the filet was on par, but I've had better in that price range.
4	The food here is okay.  I think Outback Steakhouse tastes better.  The bread is good. The champagne vinaigrette is good. Mashed potatoes are good. I ordered the Filet Trio and I ordered it medium well and it seemed like they were well done.  I ate it because I was hungry, but because I wanted to eat here.  I was hoping it would taste better though since the prices were quite high.
5	Great bang for your buck.  Food and service is better than standard.
3	It would get a 5 star had management been more customer oriented.  We went in there for Oysters 1/2 shell and Martini's only...we were seated appropriately in a nice booth.  served water and then the waiter came to take our order...."oh, so sorry...we can not serve you apps when dinner is not ordered, as well".  I calmly asked to see the manager...he would not come to the table but re-enforced 'THE RULE"  I insisted he come and he still refused....but sent a message that for this one time only he would relax the RULE.  We should have left but stayed...we were exhaused from donating our money at the machines.....Our bill for our Oysters and Martini's was $110......where is this managers brain????   Plus the place was empty.PS...it says I live in Bend Or....but I also reside in Henderson NV and play at SP very often...even stay there....I like the place...too bad their Steak House is soooo snobby.
5	Food was great, but our server was the best.  Gave us a great recommendation for the wine (not the special for the month - same price, but one he preferred).  We started with the lobster bisque.  Very rich and creamy.  The salad was prepared table side, large and great blue cheese dressing.  The charred rib eye melted in your mouth.  3 filets were good, not great.  Save room for dessert.  The Bon Bon is huge and tastes like a frozen snickers.  The peach bread pudding with cinnamon ice cream was a perfect ending.  It is pricey, but not any worse that other high end steak restaurants.  If you want cheap food, go to the buffet.
1	"Honestly guys I know you guys are busy today but please don't be rude to me n tell me to make a reservation next time and turn your back n continue talking to your friend so rude. I walked out and went next door where I was treated like a guest and waited 30 minutes, and enjoyed my meal. Don Vito's is way better.
3	This steakhouse was absolutely hopping this weekend due to the rodeo being in town.  Despite the crowds, the service was excellent and the food was pretty good.  we wanted some calamari for the table and though it's not on the menu, the server went next door to the Italian place to get us some.  brownie points for service.  we all also had salads and each of us had customizations that he happily did for us and did well.for dinner, i had the smaller portion of prime rib which was absolutely enormous.  The meat was tender and flavorful and the jus wasn't bad either.i would say this is a solid, reasonably priced choice for steak, but it didn't blow me away.
4	I had the bone in rib eye with house salad and baked potato (with the works). I also ordered the lobster bisque. The lobster bisque as pretty good (a little salty) but I should have requested a drizzle of  more cognac or some sherry. The told me afterwards they would have been more than happy to do so. The salad with house dressing (tossed in front of you) was quite good. I knew the rib eye would be pretty large so I refrained from finishing the salad. The bread is good too. I ordered the dry aged rid eye (16 oz I think) charbroiled (medium rare) was about 2" thick. The baked potato came on a separate place (prepared in front or you) was good but as I started working on the rib eye I did not want to waste room. It took some work to finish the rib eye and I was quite satisfied. I ordered it medium rare and it is comforting that they actually know what medium rare really means (any good steakhouse should). The steak also came with a spear of rosemary which was nice an helped with the flavor along with the melted butter on top. I stay at the South Point all the time for work and this is the first time I have tried their steak house. I would like to try again. My bill was $41 rib eye, $11 lobster bisque, approx. $4 iced tea and and approx. $5 tax. The service was good and I tipped $15, so my total meal was about $74.
2	It was my 57 Brithday, and thought it would be nice to eat here, because I wan't Lamb,First no greeting or hi,  asked for booth which we got,  No lights so I had to use my I phone flashlight to read the menu,  order the Lamb chops with mashed potatos, and salad which it comes with, blue cheese dressing which was delicious, ate sald first with bread which was ok.  waited a long time for our meal, and the Resturant was almost empty.  When it came got 3 nice chops, with a sauce, mashed potatoes, and ordered a side of asparagus.  the lamb was cooked perfect but salty, the mashed potatoes were salty, and the sauce was salty,  it was all like a salt lick,  told them but they didn't seem to care,  out of the whole meal the aparagus was the best part cooked perfectly,  when we left we told the manager about our experiance, she didn't seem to care,  also they gave me a creme burlee for my brithday for free.and carlos are server was great.
3	I really should give this more stars, but here's why I leave it at three. 1. Not a female staff member in the house (yeah, yeah, I know) - But sometimes it's nice to have a table with a view. 2. I mistakenly ordered the 'end cut' of a prime rib. Some places have great spices on their end cuts - this is not one of those places. I should have gone for the medium rare like my buddy did  as it looked pretty good.  3. It was nice a decent setting. you really didn't feel like you were in the casino. Quiet, good, but not super great. Don't read this as though I ripping on the place. My pants were probably too tight (as they are now) which might have made me grumpy... Give it a whirl.
4	This a great hidden steakhouse.  We decided to try the 3 course special for Filet Mignon week, this included soup or salad, Filet entree and dessert for $49.  We ordered one special and one prime rib dinner, what a great value.  For $25 you get a 12 oz prime rib which includes a house salad and baked potato with all the works.  Also added the creamed spinach which was delicious, rich and perfection.  The service was very good, everyone was friendly and attentive.  I would definitely return.  Nice little bread basket too!
1	My boyfriend , Jonny, and I went to Silverado Steakhouse only because we were already at the Southpoint Casino for a comedy show. We had no idea what we were getting into, so we had no preconceived notions or expectations. I ordered the beef short rib. It was swimming in salty gravy with what I am pretty sure was boxed mashed potatoes (and again with lots of salt). Jonny ordered the filet mingon. He asked for medium rare, but it was meant to be rare. I say meant to be because it was all pink inside, but no blood! It was bone dry and again very SALTY! We then ordered the cheesecake. Jonny asked if the deserts were pre-made.. The waiter responded kind of shocked that we would even ask that. The cheesecake was most definitely pre-made.  The plating was beautiful, but the cheesecake was hard and extremely cold! The garnishes of raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries were not fresh. The stick of mint chocolate was delicious, however. Jonny called a manager over to tell him about our experience. The manager seemed unfazed and comped one of meal items without us even asking, and the bill was still over $75 without alcohol.. Which leads me to believe the manager is used to these complaints. The food was terrible. The service, however, was better than most places. The servers were very friendly and personable.
5	Went here with my parents and my boyfriend for an impromptu dinner for his birthday. We just moved to Southern Highlands, and didn't want to go far. I wasn't expecting much being that it is in the South Point, but we were pleasantly surprised. Service was excellent, and food was delicious and plentiful! I am even a vegetarian and this steakhouse didn't disappoint! I shared a cheese plate with the fam as an app, and then had a giant Ceasar salad for an entree. Everyone else had steak or prime rib and we were all stuffed and happy! Four of us had a few glasses of wine or champagne a piece, and desert, with an app and entrees, and our bill (w/ a 20%tip) was under $300 which we though was an excellent value especially being used to to prices on the strip. Truly a hidden gem, will be back!
3	The host that let us in was very polite. We had the stupid vouchers from the dumb presentation of Grandview Resorts who thought black furniture was considered a upgrade. Anyway, first off our server kinda had a problem with us. He didn't necessarily say it but you can tell. He looked at us like "oh you got vouchers too" damn. But I be the appreciated that 25 dollar tip we left. we tried the lobster bisque. It was gross. Though I don't like seafood much. It tasted like an upgraded clam chowder. Then they gave us some bread... It was cool. We got salads. That shit was kinda dry. And finally we got our entre. I had Prime rib. It tasted pretty good. Very big servings. The baked potatoe tastes microwave baked... But eatable. Do I think it was worth 86 dollars. Hell no but I don't feel cheated cuz I had grand views fake ass vouchers to pay for it... I recommend going there if you don't mind the price and if you want a waiter acting like you are a waste of time. Food was decent though and place was nice with a clean vibe.
1	Just got a response from the server who served us name Edgar telling me that I could never pay for the restaurant. I knew he had a problem with us because we were black, you could see it in his face and my sister was very concerned about it but I felt it was just because he was tired or something. That makes Silverado Steakhouse looks very bad but never knew the servers would personally look for to attack via internet and I know it's him because I always ask for names. This is ridiculous. Even after my trip from Vegas I am still receiving a horrible experience from this place. We didn't even want to go to the steakhouse but knew we had to spend the vouchers on something since we did pay out right for a 17,000 resort ( no loan needed) that's the least we could get. We actually just wanted to gamble but the vouchers were only for food and bowling... I felt I was honest with my review and I will be calling the restaurant about this.
1	I've been here a few times and we went for dinner tonight and the food was ok, but the service was beyond bad for a medium-end steakhouse.  The waiter took 10 minutes to even come over, didn't explain the menu or that the dinner includes a salad and we asked for caesar and uncharged us $9 without even explaining it.  The food took forever and the waiter barely checked on us.  After I asked for a check he went to check on 3 other tables and took 10 minutes to get our bill.  I wouldn't go back!!!
3	I'll start with the food. It was good. My husband enjoyed the steak and I got the halibut. Both really tasty. Baked potato was stellar and they have a 'wine of the month' which you can get for $20 or if you have the hotel coupon book, free.Service. Was very attentive in some ways, non-existent in others. Served us drinks/wine right away. Never brought bread and we had to ask for our entree after being there about 75 minutes and then rush to make our show. Not a huge deal EXCEPT the server was super defensive about it and made excuses, which I thought was weird as we weren't irritable when we mentioned it, just asked because we needed to get out of there.Seemed super pricey for South Point too, but if you want a special occasion and are staying there - I'd say try it. It was good.
4	My hubby and I eat here often for the Lamb chops, Caesar salad , and Lobster Bisque while the food is good the bisque is why we come! My only compliant is they won't let me order soup only or pick up. Or I'd be there more often.
5	The dining room is nicely lit and well decorated. The seating consists of booths along the walls and tables in the center of the room. The room is very conversation friendly. The wait staff (servers and assistants) was attentive and helpful. The menu has a wide variety of choices and the food and wine is reasonably priced. Unlike many steak houses the dinners include a salad and choice of potato.  The Filet Mignon was cooked as ordered, juicy and tender. The short rib was excellent, very tender and served in a puddle of gravy.Silverado Steakhouse is a great dining spot, away from the crowds, serving delicious food, great service at reasonable prices.
4	Really great service and such an amazing atmosphere. The food was also amazing!My mom got a comp here from South Pointe so we decided to check it out. They allowed us to get 2 full course meals with dessert included. I ordered the filet mignon. I always order medium rare for my steaks but I should have gone with medium for this cut since it's a lot thicker than other cuts. The steak came out pretty bloody so I was a little skeptical on finishing it. I mean, it was good.. just a little under cooked to be called perfect for me. It was also very chewey and hard to swallow larger pieces. If I ever come here again, I will definitely order  medium.Service! They were great. I wish I could rate my review at 5 stars but it was hard with my under cooked steak. Our server was super nice. He introduced himself and we had little conversations here and there. They wheel all of our food out on carts. The presentation was very pretty too. For the price, I'm not sure if I'd come here any time soon. Everything was decently priced for a steakhouse but as I college student, I would not come here on a regular basis. For special occasions, I think I would probably chose other places over this one.
5	I've stayed at South Point for the last couple CES conventions.  Previously, we had dined at Silverado and enjoyed the experience, so we returned again this year.  This go around, I have the filet with mashed potatoes, before were very delicious.  I also has a salad for starters with a champagne vinaigrette dressing -- this dressing was awesome!   If you are staying at the hotel, you also get a (house) bottle of wine with your meal (with coupon)  -- I was expecting this to be a low-quality wine, but I really enjoyed the taste and would even buy it for home use (I think it was Rodney Strong).   Great service as well!
4	A bit of a surprise. Old school steak place. We were pleasantly surprised. Bread basket had a fantastic hardy grain bread with raisins (awesome) and pretzel bread. The lobster bisque was fantastic...I wanted more. The salad was okay, I am not a big fan of artichokes and/or hearts of palms, but my fellow diner loved it. We both ordered the 12oz filet - it was perfect. Tender, cooked to perfection... in a order delicious. And a steal.  I usually hit up Ruth Chris, Mortons, Flemings and this place was just fine. Try it - the price is right, service was top notch and the food was killer!
5	So the wife and I were on a quest to find a nice place we could enjoy some Prime Rib here in Vegas. You would think this would be an easy feat here, not exactly. We had tried a couple places not worth mentioning, so on the recommendation of a friend, we headed to South Point Casino to give their Silverado Steakhouse a try!I personally am not a fan of casino dining, but boy was I surprised. From the moment we were greeted, to the end of our evening, we enjoyed one of the best dining experiences since moving here.The ambience, (we sat in a back corner booth) was the cool, old style steakhouse feel! The staff was professional, attentive and very warm and the Prime Rib was the bomb!!!Right down to the salad prep at you table, a nice touch, this place had it covered to a science.I am happy to say they have changed my mind about casino dining, which is probably a good thing since we live in Vegas after all...lol
2	Finding a great steak is something of a jihad for me.  I will invade small nations to find the right steak.  But sometimes, scouting missions just don't end well.Silverado Steakhouse is located in the South Point Resort and Casino, about 8 miles South of the Las Vegas strip.  It's not worth the drive from the strip to get the food, and if you happen to be a guest at the South Point and happen to be a steak fan, be prepared to add $30 to the cost of your evening for the taxi ride to areas with better steak dinners.  Resorts like to hold their guests and their money hostage, and the South Point is no exception.The service is good but not great; the ambiance is old style Western steakhouse, with leather-lined seating and paintings of Western scenes on the walls.  Because the hotel guests are virtual captives due to the distance from other offerings, reservations would be highly advisable, lest you find yourself waiting hours for these guests to finish mediocre steak at inflated prices.  The wait staff is attentive without being intrusive, although the poor English of one server left my dinner companion a sparkling water drink without ice until a request was repeated.  I had high hopes for great steak after getting a very good Caesar salad.  My companion had her house salad tossed in a bowl, tableside.  However, once our food arrived, these high hopes were dashed.  While my bone-in rib eye was properly cooked, it was flavorless, surprisingly tough, and a large piece of gristle apparently made of bulletproof kevlar ran through the middle of my steak.  The presentation and portion size was excellent, but ultimately, the steak was a bland, tough disappointment, made more disappointing by the high-end price of the steak.  Really, this is a $25 steak, not a $43 one.  I've had better steaks for less money.Likewise, my companion's Ahi tuna was a disappointment.  It was over-blackened and dry.  Looking at it from across the table, I thought she had gotten a piece of coal, not blackened fish.Ultimately, high prices are what does this steak place in.  The food is okay, but not great.  The prices say the food should be much better than it really is.  Since Las Vegas is something of a steak mecca, visit another steak mosque and don't make the pilgrimage to Silverado.  And if you find yourself trapped at the Silverado, just remember that the hotel has a shuttle (with a lousy schedule) and taxi, allowing you to escape to a better steak place.
4	I have been to Silverado now twice.  Both times were excellent.  From the food to the service, everything was outstanding.  It was by far one of the best steaks that I have ever had.  Additionally, the server was amazing.  He did a great job at building rapport with his clients and making them really feel welcome in the restaurant.  The ONLY reason that I gave Silverado a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because of the ambience of the restaurant.  However, I do understand that it's inside of Southpoint hotel and Casino, so it probably has some restrictions.  When I am spending $100+ on a dinner for 2 not including drinks, I want to feel like I am in a very high-end restaurant.  The ambience was a 4, which is still great in my book.  Overall a great experience and I am happy to continue to eat there.  Recommend the bone-in rib eye. It's fantastic!
5	Dinner was great. Service was exceptional. We lived in Vegas 37 years. We are Nov - May. This has become our favorite steak house
3	Very strange walked in and asked to be seated. .. They said they were full and we could make a reservation for an hour later.  The restaurant was empty.  This happened two nights in a row ... Both times we ended up eating at upstairs restaurant.  Service was amazing and food Delicious.
1	This place was HORRIBLE.. Sorry, not being mean, just honest.. We usually go up to the Mexican food restaurant at the South Point to get our steak because the steaks are good and you get chips, rice, and beans, etc.. We decided since the steak was good there it would HAVE to be better at the actual steak house.  So... my parents were here and my dad's in poor health so it will probably be his last visit and we decided to try it out and they have a $29.99 meal that includes: soup or salad, steak or fish, baked potato or veggies, and dessert..  My mom thought she saw something that said you could forgo the dessert so I asked the waiter about it and he looked at me and said, "Uh, no."  So I said, "Oh, okay, we just thought we saw something about that, well then I guess we'll do the special!" I smiled, but he acted like I was wasting his time even though it was 5:30 and there were only 4 or 5 tables with people (we were the largest party with 5 people).  So my dad ordered the wedge that comes with the special and asked if he could have it without tomatoes and the waiter said, "They're whole tomatoes you can just take them off." So we just kind of acted like, okay.. BUT, when dad's salad came the tomatoes weren't on it, so maybe he recognized how rude he was.  Anyway, then we all ordered and we all ordered steak.. 3 of us ordered medium rare and 2 ordered it medium.  Our steaks came and they were TINY and cooked WRONG.. We decided to just enjoy our time together, but when we left we all couldn't believe we spent $200 with tax and tip and 1 drink a piece for 3 adults for such a terribly cooked meal, horrible service, and a rude waiter.. Like I said, we were trying to have a good dinner with my dad before he left this morning.  OH, and the vegetable that comes with the meal was julienne so it looked like a tablespoon of stripped carrots and zucchini.. Needless to say we went home and ate (no we're not heavy people, in fact we're thin)..  And one other thing..  We were by the kitchen (and like I said, the restaurant wasn't busy so why?) anyway,  we heard the F bomb about 5 times back there until they put on some classical music, but we could still hear yelling and cursing.  Horribly cooked food, horrible and old atmosphere, horrible waiter, horrible serving size, and just ruined the evening for all of us.  For the record we're all from Montana and know what Medium Rare or Medium means and what good steak tastes like.  Our steak at the Mexican restaurant in the South Point was leaps and bounds better and they cook it properly.  Never again!
5	First time here, and we had high expectations having heard that it was very good. Atmosphere is "old west steakhouse" with a cowboy theme, completely appropriate for the cowboy-themed South Point Hotel. The rumors are right! We started with the shrimp cocktail. Three perfectly cooked and very large shrimp. Followed by a tasty house salad, prepared table side with a champagne vinaigrette. Our dinners were bone-in rib-eye, filet Oscar style and a bowl of penne and a meatball (from Don Vito's next door) for our 8 yo son. We had mashed potato, a baked potato and steamed broccoli as sides.   The food was excellent. Meat was tender and flavorful. The oscar style comes with two strips of king crab meat.. Never seen anything like it!  Service was very prompt, attentive and personalized without being pretentious. We were very impressed with the restaurants' willingness to cater to our son's desire for pasta. This has to be one of the top steak houses in Las Vegas.
5	We ate here while staying at South Point and the food and atmosphere was great!  We had steak tender and the bake potato was amazing seems like it was coated with sea salt and the steak with butter yumm... romantic , dinner for a fraction of the cost.    will go back again.
5	This is the 3rd time I have been to Silverado with my family. Not one disappointment during any of our visits. Fresh hand tossed salads of your choice right at your table. Served with warm bread and rose shaped butter. The bone-in ribeye steak is over the top mouth watering. Very pleased with this restaurant. Can't wait to go back soon!
5	Omg the lobsters bisque is unreal...so delicious,  the best I have had in a long time. I had the three course meal summer special for $29.95. Started with the soup,  then fillet mignon steak with asparagus with hollandaise sauce, and final topping it off with the dessert creme burlgue. Service was excellent and very helpful with specials.
5	Great food at a great price.  Pork belly appetizer was Amazing!  Best $11 app out there!  First class service in a casual atmosphere
4	We randomly walked into the restaurant, after a long day.  We couldn't find something that used to be on the menu, but the waiter still placed our order.  Ended up ordering our own version of "Surf and Turf" - an 8 oz filet mignon and a lobster tail, with mashed potatoes and a salad.  Was incredible disappointed with the salad.  It looked like someone just opened a bag of iceburg lettuce and dropped it in a bowl.  The lobster tail was a bit over cooked and super chewy.  But the filet mignon and mashed potatoes were amazing, but I'm also and meat and potato person. :-)  I still like the intimacy and classiness of the restaurant.  It might have been because we came in so close to closing time.  Been there before with better food, so will definitely give them another chance.
5	Went for a work function was my 1st time going here so glad I went.  In a large party of 25 and happily surprised with service.  All food came out great and the timing of it all worked and with a large party that's not easy to accomplish... I ordered prime rib and it was GREAT perfectly cooked great side (baked potato).  Was way to full to order the chocolate cake unfortunately but plan on taking my husband back next month for our anniversary.
5	Best Prime Rib I have ever had, wife had the Silverado Chicken, also the best she had ever had. Will be back. Friendly and helpful staff.
4	The Clos du Bois Merlot is a good value. I had the crab legs - very nice. Loved the tossed salad and lobster bisque. The lamb and filet mignon were great but I would avoid the rib-eye - looked and tasted like a pot roast). Would also skip the oysters - not fresh
2	The bone in ribeye special was fantastic - especially for the price that included a salad and potato. Most high end steakhouses would have charged that price for the steak alone.   The wait staff and service was great - once we finally got in. And that's why I only gave the place 2 stars. Honestly, the steak and wait staff deserved 5 stars, but the maitre d's will go out of their way to be assholes.   Been here 3 times, and every single time I'm told there is a 45 min to 3 hour wait for a reservation and told I HAVE to make a reservation - even when the restaurant is empty at 5pm on a Sunday or Monday night.  Empty when we walked in. Half empty when we returned for our mandatory "reservation."  Still half empty by the time we left. Why did we need a reservation?Plenty of waitstaff to cover the tables. Plenty of support staff to refill drinks and clear dishes after each course. So the only reason I can see for the forced wait time is to add an air of "high end" exclusivity, but guess what?  MUCH better steakhouses like Del Frisco's or The Palm can accommodate walk ins with no wait during off peak times, and within 10-15 minutes during peak hours, so I have to assume the maitre d' is either trying to force us to kill time in the casino, just being a dick, or the place is horribly managed. Even through the food is great, it isn't worth a 3 hour wait, especially when there are options right down the road at the Silverton, the M, or Green Valley Ranch. 3 strikes Silverado Steakhouse, you're out.
5	One of our favorite places... Nice quiet place to eat a great dinner.  My wife and I had filets that were tender and cooked just like we like them ... baked potato was just right ... Salad was great ... They gave us service that was the best ... this is such a great place and we will return ... for us, this is the best steakhouse in Las Vegas.  We try to go here every time we are in Vegas
1	I'm gonna keep this review short and simple.Food: 1/5Service 1/5Pork chop extremely overcooked (see pic)Lobster Bisque: extremely saltyService: had to ask for water refills, notified about soup and he said he would let the chef know, no other options for soup offered.Pork chop was dry and hard told server (Dennis) and he just said "oh" and walked away never to be seen again. Thanks Silverado steakhouse for the outstanding experience for my Christmas dinner. I will never step foot near your establishment again nor would I ever recommend you.Yelpers beware!
