4	This is a Pittsburgh/Shadyside institution.What can I say, this place is good-eatin' basic Italian food!  Not spectacular, but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner, this is the place to go.  The pizza is outstanding.
4	When you're in the mood for a good ol' fashioned, nothin' fancy Italian restaurant, you can't beat Minutello's!  My husband Rick and I didn't feel like cooking the other night so we came here for a nice casual dinner.  Man, I haven't reviewed this place in nearly three years and it sure hasn't changed.  Still has that good old basement decor.Minutello's still has some of the best pizza in town.  Rick and I ordered the Supreme wtih capicola, Italian Sausage, salami, and pepperoni!  Mm-mm good!  Gotta hit that gym tomorrow.  And you know the best thing about ordering pizza, don't you?  It's always good the second day!
4	This is great, simple, traditional italian american food. The salads are good. The pizza is really great (I stopped ordering from anywhere else).  The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
2	This was one of the worst dinners out I've had in recent memory. On the other hand, I wasn't expecting much, so I guess the place lived up to my expectations. I've been trying to think of a good way to describe their food, and the best I can come up with is as follows. Imagine a cafeteria pasta dinner you might have been served as a child away at summer camp, and you'll have a pretty good idea. In other words, the food is perfectly edible here, but boring, and nothing you would want to actually pay for. There was nothing disgusting about it, it was just extremely uninspiring. To be fair, I only tried the pasta, bread, salad, soup, and calamari, so maybe they have amazing pizza here... It's possible, although unlikely based on what I've seen.On the upside, the service was friendly enough, and there were plenty of empty tables at prime dinner time! If you're hungry, you'll definitely be full when you leave.
2	I went to this place because I had a LivingSocial voucher. Even with this voucher I feel like I paid too much money. I think I could have had better food if I went over to the Giant Eagle across the street and heated up a Lean Cuisine. I do have to wonder why the owners would put out the living social deal when what really would help business at the restaurant would be simply to improve the quality of the food.The only positives I can give are that it isn't pretentious and the waiter provided very good service. It was almost empty for a Monday at 7 PM, so if you are desperately starving, not able to go to better restaurants nearby or heat up food from your local grocer's freezer, this might be a tolerable food option.  Again, it is advisable to be desperately starving.
3	Based on some recent reviews, it looks like the quality of food at Minutellos has slipped a little bit.  Still as I mentioned before, it's a Shadyside institution located in the basement of an apartment building.  Anyway, the main reason to come to Minutellos is for the pizza.  My cousin and I did just that the other night when we were in the area.  We did the whole 'Build Your Own Pizza' thing, ordering ours with pepperoni, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  Good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated.
5	The food quality is good or not great. I do love the following. The anti-pasto is very good. I love there wedding soup. Don't write this place off due to some bad reviews, because they are flat out WRONG.
3	Minutello's is going out of business. Last day of operation is Sunday, February 17, 2013.
