5	So many great flavors. Open early and nice and clean inside. Great prices also. Not too overly sweet. Had the cronut, crunch bar, sweet potato one and they were all delicious. I can't wait to try them all.
5	Absolutely thrilled with the massive selection first thing in the morning. Donuts are a breakfast food, right? The closer to 6am you get there the better the selection. I love the friendly faces when I walk in and even the coffee variety is nice. Just sit with my donut and coffee in their adorable lobby. Love it! Everything is baked early every single day and I love the big window that let's you see them working in the kitchen. All in all this is a one-of-a-kind shop. The flavors and quality are unlike any other shop I've been in. Again, gotta get there early! To give a negative review because you didn't like the hours doesn't make sense. Should be judged on the delicious product! Keep up the good work Pink Box people! I look forward to all you have to come! PS: Best 2 things to ever happen to my belly are the Peanut Butter Cheesecake and Cookies & Cream. Holy moly!  The classics are of course delicious as well. I have nothing bad to say. I'll be back very soon!
4	I tried the Nutty Pig and thought it was great! The doughnut itself was delicious as it should be since it's the base. I will definitely be back for more!
5	Thank goodness for Yelp!!! I found this little piece of heaven spot on yelp while vacationing. The place is n a very nice area. The shop is clean, well kept, nicely appointed and has a very efficient, sweet staff. I think the price is good for what u get. $21 for 16 deliciously, gourmet donuts. Not only do they look beautiful, they taste amazing!!! Super fresh, moist, light and airy. We will definitely be back here.
2	I was so excited to see a Pink Box Donuts coming to this location, as it is close to where I work. I'd seen them on some food show, and saw all the rave reviews. My test of a donut shop is how good their plain raised donut is. After all, if you don't have a good base, none of your donuts will be good. So, I got a plain raised and some sort of turtle cheesecake donut. I took the plain one out, turned it over and took a sniff. No, I don't have a donut fetish. What I want to smell is that nice, yeasty fresh donut smell. Nope. All I smelled was sugar.  Let me backup to say that when I walked into the shop, I was surprised that it didn't have that "OMG fresh baked donut" smell. Now I know why. So, tasting the plain donut was an adventure only my dentist would love. It tasted like nothing but sugar. The glaze had to be the sweetest I've ever tasted. Usually glaze is powdered sugar and some sort of liquid - milk, melted butter, lemon juice, whatever. What did they do, mix their sugar with corn syrup?  So, giving up on the plain after a couple bites, I went to the turtle cheesecake one. I will say the cheesecake filling was nice, but again the donut itself had no flavor. The topping was pretty good but again very sweet. I'm disappointed and expected more after everything I've seen and read. You can't cover a mediocre donut with a bunch of toppings and sugar and call it good.
2	As the previous reviewer stated, if your donut dough has no "personality" or flavor then you just don't get it. I have been a serious donut eater for decades, this establishment is just topping their soulless donuts with gobs of super sweet concoctions. I gave them two stars for their creativity, but you need to start with a tasty donut, don't just pile sugar on top of more sugar. I also agree that there is not a whiff of great baking smells there. A really good donut shop should be smelled before seen!! There is nothing more tempting then delicious fried dough smell! So, long story short, unless you just happen to enjoy sugar coated sugar with a smattering of corn syrup, then pass this place up. Sorry guys.
4	If you're looking for a Cronut, look no further. They have the best Cronuts that I've ever tasted! You can actually eat them on the go without them crumblings all over the place. I got glazed, but they also have chocolate, blueberry and cinnamon sugar. They're cheap too.. only $1.95 compared to $3.00+ everywhere else. Easily 5 stars.I am not a huge doughnut person, so feel free to take my review with a grain of salt. I prefer this location to the Summerlin location because it's bigger and they actually have seating. For a doughnut, Pink Box is pretty good. I don't think much differs between your local grocery store doughnuts, and Pink Box other than that fact that they have unique flavor combination. Today, I actually went early in the am for the first time. There's a HUGE difference between the fresh doughnuts, and those that have been sitting for awhile in the afternoon. I wanted the Snickers doughnut, which wasn't available in the case, but they were nice enough to make me one. I might be there every morning for the next several days until I get tired of the Cronuts.
2	Had key lime & maple bacon bar. Both were good but not great. 4 choices for coffee, 3 were empty so had to get the only choice. It is Sunday afternoon so will give them one more try on a morning.
4	This place is great! I have tried many different kinds ! So far i haven't disliked any! They have so many different kind of donuts, not like ANY other donut place in town. I personally like the sweet potato, and the peanut butter banana one!! They also have a snickers one, i haven't tried it yet but i cant wait for my next cheat meal so i can have it! And they also have hot tea which is a plus for me! Also the place is so cute and pink lol i love it. So high tech/modern for a donut place.
4	Definitely the best place for donuts in the area. If you don't want to make a 10-20 minute drive out to Ronald's or Friendly Donut House, Pink Box is an excellent standby that outshines the nearby Krispy Kreme and Dunkin. I didn't go for any of their gourmet flavors, but they made the regular varieties very well. The outsides had a nice crisp crunch to them and the insides were very thick and soft. My personal recommendation based on the assortment I picked up would be the buttermilk bar or an old-fashioned ring. One gripe I have is that they either didn't have a basic glazed ring or they'd run out by the time I made it there (which was only around 9-10 AM). I've been there in the afternoon an hour or two before closing and they had a very limited selection by that time. It's a reasonable business strategy to not have so much overflow and to keep the batches fresh daily, but it doesn't bode well for people who start their days a bit later.
5	I've visited this place after a coworker of mine brought in a dozen donuts for us to share at my job. I always wanted to try a cronut but was denied because the cronut for always for her! lol I must say this shop is very clean the staff is very friendly and the donuts are AWESOME!  the cronut was so tasty and sweet it was worth the diabetes that is sure to come from eating it. My only complaint was that the store is a bit hard to find and that their website is not updated to show that the place is now open. Other than that it is definitely my favorite donut shop in town. One last note they are not like other donut shops only make product in the morning. They have a sign stating that they make donuts throughout the day... unlike other places... They also have free refills on coffee! :-)
4	I am lucky enough to work for a business that has people bring them doughnuts on a regular basis. After listening to my co-workers whine and moan when our usual doughnut day was missed, I decided to be nice and bring in a dozen for the office. It wasn't really on my way to work, but I had heard so many amazing things about Pink Box Doughnuts so I decided to give their Henderson location a try.A younger man assisted me and was super patient as I debated over which doughnuts  to get and asked after every couple doughnuts how many I had. I mixed and matched between the  cheaper classics and more expensive gourmet doughnuts, and ended up paying $11 for my dozen... With some of the crazy concoctions I had picked out, I was expecting it to be more. Most of my co-workers agreed that these donuts are almost TOO sweet. I personally tried 3 (don't judge) and while I tend to prefer sweeter things, I must concur that some flavors were over-the-top sweet. My usual favorite, frosted chocolate cake, was not the best I ever had (I prefer the ones at Ronald's and Friendly's). The 2 speciality doughnuts I tried, the strawberry shortcake and key lime pie, were far better.For the sake of my waistline, I hope I do not have to make bringing in doughnuts to my co-workers a regular occurrence... But if and when I do, Pink Box will remain on of my go-to spots for gourmet goodies at good prices.
4	The doughnuts here are not too sweet as far as doughnuts go. If you want to try more than 1, then you won't be overwhelmed by too much sugar. However, the Columbia brew I tried wasn't that great. I wanted to try the macadamia coffee but they had run out by the time I got there (noon). Most the gourmet doughnuts run out quickly as well, so plan accordingly if you want to get the full options experience.
5	The place was super clean and friendly staff! Donut selection was awesome. Definitely recommend to anyone and the cereal donuts are excellent - the frosting wasn't too sweet which tasted just like eating milk with cereal!
4	Definitely something unique to the normal doughnut. If you haven't been you need to try it. Best doughnuts in vegas. Only thing that could be done better is have all the varieties available in the am. Showed up at 7am and all varieties were not out yet
2	We have donut day on Saturday mornings as it's a ritual for my kids.  We had to check out Pinkbox and so disappointed. Rating-1-5 five being the best..Location - (3.5)Cleanliness - 3 cute kids seats but we couldn't find trash. Other guest were also a little lost when trying to identify where to place tray. Floor dirty... Food - (2) Donuts were stale and just NOT MOIST and hubby said chalky. Still and always will be faithful to the old school Winchell's!
5	Second time here and Wow!! We got here about 9:10am and they still had all donuts available!! But very busy!!They were all very nice and the place was very clean!!We got a dozen $14 but it included specialty ones too!!My husband said the Bavarian Cream was totally filled and loved it. As well as the Banana Creme Pie. I tried the Maple Bar Bacon. Very fresh but i didnt really taste the bacon. I got the Snicker bar and wow loved it!!This place is so worth going to!! Dunkin Donuts close your doors for your donuts lol
5	Holy heck!! I literally just scarfed down that chocolate doughnut! It was so soft and fresh, absolutely delicious! I barely made it to the next stoplight after leaving, before the doughnut was gone! The staff was so polite and helpful! They also offer coffee and gourmet donuts. I picked out a pink velvet gourmet donut for a friends birthday, she loved it!
4	The specialty donuts are a lot of fun. Some are quite delicious and a few are what I call "not a do-againer". I won't critique the specialties because someone else's taste may not align with mine but again it was a lot of fun trying one of a kind flavors in a donut! My wife, daughter and I bought and devoured a half-dozen box of specialties on our first visit. We enjoyed it but I was a little concerned that there were a few "not do-againers" in there. So on my second visit I had the kids make a list for me and I included my two old time favorites: the maple bar and apple fritter. Oh my gosh!!! They nailed these. As good as I've had anywhere. In fact I would go out if my way to come here to get them. You see I love all donuts. They're a weakness of mine. Love em. The maple bar being my all time first choice. The donut had was soft but still had some chew to it. The maple on top was very rich tasting. The fritter had lots of apples and was dense yet still most. Perfect. Service was great too. Everyone had smiles and were very nice.
5	Very friendly staff, cute decorations and best if all ....awesome selections of traditional style doughnuts to gourmet specialty doughnuts...oh and they have cronuts ( croissant & donut fusion) go early because they sell out fast especially on weekends !!! Baked fresh everyday on property !!! Finally a good tasting old school & new school doughnut place. The coffee is great too !!!
5	I love donuts! I love Yelp! I love to Yelp about donuts! The reviews on Yelp led me here and I was not disappointed. Super cute shop with really nice and patient people working the counter.  I say patient because I took a lot of time deciding on 2 donuts. They had so many choices and they all looked soooooo good that I didn't want to get something too plain. I ended up getting a lemon cronut and a snickers donut- a chocolate bar donut topped with nuts. As soon as I took a bite into that cronut, I was amazed!  I never had the original but this one is super good!  The donuts here are excellent!
1	Dont care for this store. Employees not friendly and  I dont like the way the donuts are displayed.  I have been to the original store in Summerlin many times., which I love.  Why is the service different at this location. Aren't they the same company?  The donuts are not the same either. Somethings different. I bought the chocolate filled donut and there was only a very small amt cream. Very disappointed. Will not be returning. I should have just gone to Vons.
5	The most amazing donuts you will have anywhere in Las Vegas! They have a huge variety and unique flavors like the smores donut which my friend said was amazing! My brother also recommends the maple bars. Best he has ever had!
5	I wish they came smaller so I can eat more varieties! Few we tried were the Fat Elvis, Maple Bacon, Snickers, turtle cheesecake and pink velvet. We all had different faves but Snickers was my fave! Nice and clean environment. Bathroom was cute too w its pink graffiti.
5	Omg so good! Just tried pink box today and I am in love. The orange Cream cronut and Bavarian cream doughnut were amazing.
1	I went to PBD twice and yet to eat a doughnut. I only like the classic glaze   This first time I went was about 6:15 am and they have no classic glaze ready. I was told to come back in about two hours. The second time I went was at 4pm ( they close at 5) and they had no doughnuts at all. Sold out. As we were leaving five other people were turned away. My one star is for management. I'm sure the doughnuts are good if I ever get one.
5	IT is a great doughnut shop.  The workers there are absolutely exceptional!  I enjoyed the doughnuts and i would go back.  The flavors are a unique, the price is a bit higher then i expected, but it is worth it to go and grab a good doughnut with some great people working there.
5	Got my glaze donuts and all I can say is goodbye Krispy Kreme.The owner of PBD did respond to my review and it was nice he took the time to respond.
5	My favorite donut spot in Vegas. Staff are really nice (I think the girl was called Megan?!) Maple bacon bars are amazing!Tip - go earlier in the day for more variety.
5	Pinkbox Doughnuts changed my life. I will probably go here everyone I crave one. We went in early so had plenty of options. The gal who worked the counter was also very helpful and friendly (gave us a free doughnut).
1	THIS IS THE WORST. It's Saturday morning and this place couldn't manage to give us fresh dang donuts. ALL STALE DONUTS. 6/6 of these babies were hard- not like a few hours hard, but like "we baked these four days ago" hard. The selection seemed great but all of our donuts were not delicious- except they were out of hot chocolate!!!! Who does that? Also the girl working could not tell me if the pink frosting was strawberry or vanilla. GUYS HELP YOURSELVES AND SHAPE UP.
