4	found this place through Groupon and was able to get 8 group reformer classes for $80.  Due to my work hours, I take the 4pm class and almost always end up with a private lesson or with only one other woman.  I almost feel bad that I'm getting such an amazing workout for only $10 (almost).  I'm about 5 classes into my package and can already see the difference in my body.  While I can't say that I've lost weight or inches, I absolutely find an improvement with my mind/body connection as well as some slight improvement in my strength & flexibility.  Looking forward to my remaining classes and even considering buying more.  For me the location is not convenient but for now, I find it's worth the drive.
4	I love this studio.  It's on the second floor of office plaza and as soon as you step into the studio i felt calm.  The class was a little bit of a challenge because the last time I took a reformer class was 6 yrs ago at Kinosphere in Phoenix. Including myself, there was only 3 in the class.  The instructor was really helpful.  I purchased a group of 4 classes through Living Social but unfortunately only made it to one class.  The only challenge was the class schedule.  My usual work schedule is 10am-7pm and usually there are no classes beyond 6pm and the morning classes I wish they had shower facilities so I could go in the morning and then get ready for work there and go straight to work.  But if their class schedule works for you i recommend this studio.  I had a great experience here.
5	I just finished my 8th session with Steve! The studio sports an Asian flair, is absolutely immaculate, very calming and further enhanced by picturesque mountain views. My "baggage" consists of fibromyalgia, cervical, lumbar, hip and sacrum issues. Steve is very patient, gentle and reassuring as he helps me navigate through the exercises. In this short time, my body has already shown improvement. Steve is exceptional and so knowledgeable about the entire body and its components. I can't imagine working with anyone else. I found the studio on the internet and was drawn to the fact that he does a full assessment first which for someone like me is priceless. I love the scheduling flexibility and knowing that he genuinely cares and wants to, and will, make a huge difference in my life. I know I have made the best choice! Last but not least, Steve makes it fun!
5	Sommet Fitness is simply the finest fitness studio I've ever experienced. I've been working out for 40 yrs now, have always been athletic & active, so I'm no stranger to the gym. Steve Vicera (owner/operator of Sommet) rocked my world when he told me "It's not about set & reps anymore."  I've been doing bodybuilding style workouts for a long time, following years of athletic training for baseball, football, etc. The focus on the "core" has changed everything, and Steve is a master. Not only that, they bring nutrition and all aspects of lifestyle into your training. That's why they get results - just like you will if you actually do what they teach.  Cindy Ayres is a top nutritional/fitness consultant, and Terry Rose is a drill sergeant of a TRX instructor who will whip you into shape - these are just 2 of their top notch staff.  If professional athletes from golf to football & hockey are getting results at Sommet, I figured I would too.
4	I went to Sommet on Wednesday after seeing the 7p reformer class featured on Groupon Now. The studio is in an easy location with plenty of parking.It's a great space with a few reformers, weights, treadmills & TRX bands. I was lucky enough to have a private class with Teresa for the hour. She started with an assessment of my posture and overall body composition. We did a few exercises on the floor & then began work on the reformer. Teresa was very patient & did a great job of explaining everything to me. We finished & she gave me a lot of helpful suggestions on stuff I can do on my own in order to improve my posture. So nice!They offer both private & small group sessions which are pretty pricey (in my opinion), but it may just be worth it - comparing my posture from 7p to 8p was amazing! Good for mind & body.
5	Steve is a tremendous trainer. Since joining Sommet, I have gone from 22% body fat down to around 10%-- in less than 7 months. They provide excellent coaching for workouts outside of the gym and advice on supplements to aid in training. It has been well worth the investment in my health and fitness! Get in the best shape of your life--go to Sommet!
