5	We are a military family that used this company from Monterey, CA to El Paso, TX.  This moving company was by far the best we have ever used.  Our mover, Abel, was on time, professional, friendly, and worked fast.  He packaged our paintings, china, crystal and furniture so well, everything was delivered unbroken or undamaged.  What was also nice was that he packed us up in CA and unpacked us in TX.   When I couldn't find an item that I had unpacked, Abel went through all the empty boxes that were back in the truck and rechecked through all the paper and found it for me. I can't say enough about his professionalism and great attitude.  I was completely put at ease and felt less stressed about our big move because of not only our mover, but because we went with such a reputable company.  The materials used for packaging and boxes were all top quality for our material items.  We received our belongings ahead of schedule and Abel unpacked everything, plus took the boxes with him.  We hope to use this company next time.
5	We have moved several times in the last 25 years.   Able Cruz was our driver, completing a partial move for us from Seattle WA to Mountain View CA.   He was the BEST driver we have ever had.   He was thoughtful, and neat, respectful, FUN, and damn good at what he did! My husband commented that Able had a joke every time he walked through the door!   He made what can sometimes be a stressful situation very pleasant.   All items made it here in impeccable condition.   I actually think, perhaps better condition than they left our house in Seattle!   (He fixed a table for us as he put it back together!)   I passed Able on my drive down, and I can tell you, he was a courteous and safe driver on the road.   Our packers in Seattle were also through ACE, and they were amazing (-The Girls:   Crystal and Ericka).   We would love the same crew as we complete our move to the Bay Area.   Again, having moved multiple times (Chicago, Minneapolis, Chicago, DC-Northern Virginia, Denver, Portland, Boulder, DC- No. Virginia, Seattle and now Silicon Valley) I feel like I am qualified to judge, and Able was exceptional!
5	We recently moved from PHX to San Diego.  We have moved a lot over the past 10 years and this company (Ace Relocation Systems....Atlas operated) was the absolute best experience we've had.  Abel Cruz and his crews were efficient, polite and very organized.  Our items were delivered all intact and undamaged.  Abel is an expert!  I would not hesitate to use this company for your move.  The whole experience was a positive one!!
5	I would recommend this company to any of my friends or family. Bruce Lombardi from Ace Relocation Services was the gentleman who sold us our move with Atlas Van Lines.  I had quotes from 3 different relocation services and I chose to go with you because of Bruce. Bruce did an excellent job in thoroughly conveying the integrity of his company and painted a complete picture of how our move would work.  When you take the extra time to make people feel comfortable and understand why their possessions are going to be safe with your company, that's where you win customer's business over the competitors.  Bruce always got back to me the same day when I had to leave messages and he was willing to help in any way he was able. When we needed more boxes, Bruce actually took the time to pick up boxes in his own vehicle and deliver them out to our house in Chandler, AZ personally, TWICE.  More over, Dwight (The Truck Driver) was a reliable pleasure to deal with and the packers were helpful and respectful. Dwight picked up our things on a Thursday in AZ and delivered to our new house in Houston, TX on the following Monday (always on time).  All in all I would have to say everyone did a great job. Thank you for making this part of our move pain free.  D N
1	We contacted several moving companies prior to our cross country move, and initially Ace seemed like the best of the bunch. To preface this, we have previously moved three times cross country and had excellent experiences each time so this wasn't a new thing we were going through. We had a great initial experience with our sales consultant. He wasn't necessary the lowest price, but he seemed to have the best customer service so we went with him. It was only downhill after that. We had several conversations with him after the initial estimate because there were some changes that we wanted to make to our pack. We took responsibility for some of the changes that had to be made and apologized for making him change the estimates one time, but every single time we had a conversation with him, we never got the correct documents via email. He was short in his conversations and always tried to get off the phone and very obviously wasn't listening. It took one last email saying we were going with another company if we didn't get the correct paperwork by 5 pm, and of course everything was straightened out that day. That experience should have led us elsewhere because it only got worse from there. Our coordinator was always either out of the office or completely unresponsive to calls. She would respond to email, but again like the sales consultant, she wasn't listening or didn't completely answer the questions asked. The only positive of the move were the local contracted packers who came to pack. They were able to pack a two bedroom/two bath place in a very short time, did everything well and were extremely professional. Again, they were contracted by Ace, not Ace employees.The experience continued to go downhill when our coordinator could not provide a correct delivery date. No tracking number was ever given and one day she said it would be there in two days, the next it was going to be five days. Well, sure enough our stuff had just crossed state lines into Nevada on the last day of our delivery range. When we talked to corporate about what it meant if goods were delivered outside of the range, the initial response (without any questioning from our end) was a very defensive snotty, "Well...you're going to have to pay the full amount regardless." We didn't say we weren't paying the amount and never even brought it up before she did. Our stuff was finally delivered, and the driver said that the warehouse told him that we admitted there was a cracked leg on our sectional when it was packed. Interesting. We never admitted that, it wasn't listed on the forms filled out as the packers pack up, but when it was delivered there was a large crack in the leg. Hmmm...so right now, we're still working on delayed delivery claims and the claim for the cracked leg of the sectional.Long story short, we should have gone with our gut when things got bad during the initial estimate conversations and moved on. We would not recommend Ace Relocation to anybody.
5	I can't rate Ace Relocation high enough!  There should be 10 stars!  They just moved 40 years of accumulated stuff from Long Beach, Ca to Mansfield, Tx and our experience with them was wonderful.  Abel Cruz is a pro and one of the nicest people I've ever met.  He showed up right on time  at the beginning and the end and was able to load and unload everything in record time.  We had nothing scratched, broken, or dirtied.  The men that helped him were also great.  I had to smile when they were loading the truck and one of the young men cut a corner across the grass at the edge of the driveway.  No harm, but Abel immediately told him not to run across that grass again.  They didn't bump any walls, scrape any floors and Abel went thru at the end making sure we didn't forget to pack anything.  This was a very stressful month after our house sold in one day and we had a 30 day escrow, but Abel and Ace Relocation made sure our move went smooth as silk.  Thank you again, guys!
1	$6500 and They Thrashed Our StuffWe were moving from Tempe to Sacramento, and chose Ace due to a good consultation with the sales person.  They weren't the lowest priced bid, but worked hard to be competitive and gain our business.  On moving day, the driver saw immediately that the load size had been underestimated and he would need a 2nd truck.  He called it in at 9:30 am.  By the time the truck was filled at 3:30, no one had responded.  He had to go back across town in afternoon traffic to weigh the truck and either unload it or find another truck.  While waiting the extra 2 hours, the new owners showed up demanding to know when we would be out.  Not really a pleasant experience.After coming back with a second truck, that truck's driver accidentally knocked over and shattered our outdoor glass table for 6.  That was just the start.I met the driver the next day to sign off the paperwork, and he had repacked the truck so everything fit into 1.  So, all our stuff was handled for a 2nd time.We ended up having to store the load at their San Jose facility for almost a month due to house closing and remodeling issues.  They wanted to charge $2700 for the month.  I researched a local storage facility and local movers and determined that would cost about $1200.  At the threat of losing business, Ace decided to match that price.  After already paying $5600 for the move they tried to rip me for an extra $1500.So, our things were offloaded in San Jose and then reloaded 3 weeks later for delivery.  At this point, they were loaded/unloaded 4 times.The first thing off the truck on delivery day was a smashed lamp that cost $800, followed shortly by a bench with a leg broken off, another lamp with a smashed glass shade, some outdoor flower pots that were cracked, a ladder shelf with the bottom shelf broken off, and various other damaged items.   Several boxes were partially crushed. We had multiple plastic tubs full of Christmas stuff that all had packing tape wound around them.  The tape was gone on all but one of the tubs.We were also missing 4 boxes but couldn't really prove it because the numbered stickers on the boxes did not correspond with the numbering system on the paperwork, so we could not say exactly which boxes were missing or what was in them.The San Jose crew claimed no responsibility at all, saying that it happened during packing in Phoenix.The insurance claim process went ok.  I sent a detailed account of what was damaged (along with pictures).  They sent a claims adjuster out. He filed a report and got authorization to repair what was fixable. (Did a good job.)They called today with the final settlement offer, and I'll be paid within 2 weeks.It pissed me off that they denied some of the broken items because they didn't pack them.  So, it's OK if they drop, play catch with, or sit on your boxes for lunch, but if they didn't pack it they're not responsible for it.There are a lot of moving companies out there.  Think very carefully before choosing this one.
1	Buyer beware. I used Ace twice. The first time in 2013 to move me from Phoenix to Chicago and the 2nd time from Chicago to Irvine CA this month. The weight ticket on my first move was 2660 lbs. Since then I have probably shed 300 lbs as I gave away an entire bedroom set, even despite adding a BBQ (no tank) and small patio table and chairs. When the goods finally arrived I was told the weight ticket was 3500 lbs (??!!). I demanded a reweigh and that came to be 3300 lbs. Ace says they compared weight tickets and although the two inventories "appeared similar, there is nothing we can do".Also driver was instructed and informed by me that he should not attempt to bring his 48' foot tractor trailer into the apt complex. He did anyway and couldn't make it. His co-worker said he almost hit a traffic signal. Driver finally found a smaller truck only to arrive with someone else's bed in it. Ace informed me that they wouldn't charge me for the local shuttle truck. LOL really? After what he was told?Good arrived 5 hours past the window with three broken items.Horrible experience. Never again!
