5	I have been looking for a place that sells Primal dog food that's closer to my house. I used to have to drive out to Whole Foods for it, but now I can just drive down the street. The customer service offered here is stellar! The guy helping me was super friendly and really knew his stuff. This will now be my number one pet store choice. Come see them for all of your pet needs!
1	ANDREW and Samantha were the employees working the day I came in to see what they had and load up on more food.  They turned out to be uninformed and the complete opposite of polite or helpful.Basically Innova Large Bites is on sale for $19.99, regular $51.99 -----depending on which Pet Club you go to.  After loading up fourteen (14) 30lb bags of Innova Large Bite kibble to take advantage of a BOGO deal that ends May 31st I was told that this particular food was 19.99 -an even better price. Saved me about $150 bucks.THIS location had displayed at the entrance Salmon & Herring "on sale" for 39.99 along with a second sign that says Buy One Get One Free (the current deal).  However, the guy tells me it's not BOGO and that's the price for one (1) bag only.  Um, it's a sale price so you can't mark it up.  What is that?  Bait and switch.  I have photos of the signs as they were displayed too.And even though earlier today I picked up more than two dozen bags of Innova at Pet Club for $19.99 they will not honor that price because basically "any customer could come in saying anything about prices", additionaly, only the manager can enter a modified price.  Well I thanks for insulting me and basically calling me a liar.Andrew,  or was it Anthoney?  You passed judgement, made assumptions, and copped an attitude cuz you thought this average dressed, fat, old lady came in to rob your stores profits. Here are some details about should realize:I'm purchasing a few hundred pounds of dog food every couple of months.  I also purchase chicken feed/supplies and rat feed/supplies. I'm a regular customer and I refer my pet people here.I'm a member of various breeds clubs in the Valley along with dog activity groups.I promote and encourage responsible pet ownership and feeding a quality kibble.I breed/own/exhibit several Great Danes. I'm active on social media and I routinely post when/where kibble is on sale.For more than 20 years I've been doing this and I don't come into Petclub to just say food is on sale so I can save a few bucks. Because the coupon said it was limited to stock on hand I passed on dinner on this particular occasion so I could take advantage of what they had and see if they had any 10% more bags.  There were no 10% more bonus bags at this location AND they were not on sale for 19.99 according to Andrew.  Price he could sell them for was $51.99 each bag.  Pet Club, get it together.  I got the a similar story last time I came to this location.  Quit putting your staff in this situation.   Quit causing me to waste time, gas, and get angry cuz this location is poorly managed.  Management decided to take advantage of a three day holiday weekend and hasn't come in for a couple days to bring staff up to date. Your prices vary from store to store.Your management doesn't pass along information in a timely manner.Your computer system isn't even linked between stores to show prices at other stores,  what's on hand, etc.Same food at one store is a different prices at another store in the same city.Employees must call another store for details.  And then there is limited authorization ability in stores.  However in this situation I have come across those who are willing and capable of making a phone call to their boss or another store.The guy at this location was adamant.  Customer service and sales doesn't seem to be his forte'.Yes even I want to save a few bucks, but I don't come into your stores and LIE about the price of food.Insults.Implying I was a liar.FTM, customers are liars.Quality customer service happening here.
