1	This location of PAC Sun is horrible. Went to return a sweatshirt my granddaughter purchased with receipt in hand. The clerk refused to take back the item. He first claimed that it was damaged and had been worn. Not true. When we asked to speak to a manager he claimed he was the manager. But then later he had to call the manager. Then he proceeded to tell us the sweatshirt was damaged on the transfer, little black spots from a poor transfer. When we didn't accept that he said it had been laundered and he could smell the detergent. Not true!!  We then asked to speak to the district manager. He went in the back and made a phone call and said the district manager was off that day and wouldn't speak to is on her day off but that she would refuse the return tomorrow too. Their return policy on their receipt says "Guaranteed Customer Satisfaction""...not true at this location. When we later asked for the clerks name we were refused!!!  DO NOT SHOP HERE!!!! Would give this store a negative rating if it were available!!!!
3	Cali-style men's and women's clothing.Men's tanks, board shorts, tshirts, jeans and shoes.Women's dresses, shorts, tops, shirts, swimwear, jeans, and shoes.Also, lots of brands to choose from like Brandy Melville, Volcom, Billabong, Quicksilver, Vans and some Nike SB shoes. They have cute accessories, too!The store is pretty big and quality of clothing is pretty ok.Definitely a store for teens, or skinny people (lol) .. I like a few things, but a little over priced if you ask me!
2	Love PAC suns new collection but the workers here don't even know what items are on sale. I came here a while ago for one of their sales and it was super busy. They had posters and signs clearly saying that "boots" were on sale. I grabbed a pair of boots and asked two female workers to ensure they were on sale but they said they didn't know.... So I waited in the long line because it was super busy that day and when I came to the cashier, he said they weren't even on sale... I was pretty pissed. Their workers didn't even know which items were on sale and the signs they put up are extremely misleading and are not specific.
