2	It was with much excitement that I stopped in today, their first day of business.  The store is beautiful, as one would expect.  Clean, bright, and plenty of almost eerily happy and helpful staff.  I expect this will all go downhill over time, but for now it's very impressive.Unfortunately, by the time I left I felt pretty crestfallen that the Meijer I had been so looking forward to isn't going to become a regular stop for me. The main reason for this is because the store is incredibly poorly laid out.   The sections people visit on a typical grocery shopping trip are separated as much as possible, forcing customers to cut through all the home decor, clothes, automotive crap, and the like I'm guessing for the purposes of encouraging unnecessary impulse buys.  Going to Meijer for groceries on a Saturday is enough of a pain in the ass without having to cover every single square inch of the store to get the stuff I need.  Forget a quick trip in to grab a few items for dinner, it's just not possible.  It's so obnoxious that I can't see myself making a lot of grocery trips here since I just don't have the time or patience for a sight seeing tour of every last thing big box retail has to offer.The other major issue I had was that the selection was surprisingly limited.  Their organic produce offerings are negligable.  I went in to pick up four particular, and not at all unusual, items and they only had two of them.  It really sucked to hike all over the store for almost 45 minutes looking for what I needed only to find that they didn't have half of it.  What's the point of dealing with a monster store when you're going to have to make a second stop at County Market or Schnucks to finish off  your grocery list?  It's much easier and not that much more expensive to just skip Meijer.
2	I've been waiting in quiet anticipation for this Meijer to open its doors ever since I've moved to Urbana. When they finally turned on the giant spotlight welcoming beacon, I hurried right over to acquaint myself with what I planned to make my new home base for groceries.Boy, is it going to take some getting used to.The layout of the store is a bit baffling to me. I guess I'm not expert on ergonomics, but it feels like they just threw sections around haphazardly. I found myself walking around in circles -- seeing food, then non-food, then food again -- and I swear I saw lunchmeat show up in three different spots. The prices were okay; better than Schnuck's, at least. I'll probably still go here because it's so darn close to where I live and the employees seem nice enough, but I'm giving a thumbs-down to the floor plan that spits in the face of efficient shopping. I'm all for changing things up and taking new directions, but when it comes to groceries, I guess I'm just a hard-nosed conservative.
4	I will completely agree with everyone that the store is laid out in a very odd manner-- but I think that the positives outweigh that.It's much easier to get to than the Meijer on Prospect, and a lot easier to park.  We live halfway in between both and choose this one despite the layout because how easy it is to get there.  I've never waited in line to check out at this Meijer, and the staff is extremely friendly, helpful, and respectful, which I haven't always gotten.  This week, we accidentally left a bag of groceries there.  I called and talked to their store manager, explaining that it was our fault, and he said that as long as we brought the receipt in he would fully refund the money.  When is was our fault, I thought that was an excellent example of customer service.They have pretty good sized departments and a nice wine selection.  You just have to learn to plan your trip around where you want to end up last.
2	I hate their layout so much I avoid the store whenever I can. Trips take at least twice as long because if you are like me and have a list, you will traverse the store 3x each for the last 4 items on your list, in the end either giving up or finding that Cream of Tartar between Fruit of the Loom and Sauder furniture. The dairy is in the junior miss section.When I go, they have really good selection of lots of stuff, but their unique stuff rotates, so dont count on them having kohlrabi or daikon or golden beets or whatever whenever. Call ahead. They have a limited (but very cheap overall) seafood selection. Like many Wal-Marts, they refuse to staff enough registers to get people checked out at a reasonable pace.
3	They have a good selection of produce. Their meat is a bit to be desired though. They have friendly staff. The demo company constantly leaves samples on their carts unattended. Just wait until the day that a child takes a sample without their parent knowing and has an allergic reaction.
3	I also find the layout of the store baffling and certainly not user friendly.  I like the produce and the other sections are okay but nothing special. As is always the case, they carry some items the other grocery stores don't but also don't have items other stores do.  That has been the frustration of grocery shopping.  Schnucks is still my favorite place to shop but Meijer's and Walmart and County Market each have items that I like that the others don't.  I'm not about to make grocery shopping a marathon endeavor so I make due.  I know it is logistically impossible/improbable, but it would be so nice if all the stores carried the same products. (I'm not talking about store brands.)
2	The layout is insane, it's all been said before, but I'll say it again. All I wanted were eggs. I had gone there in a bit of a fog because it was about 4 am and I woke up to my immune system battling a cold. I decided to go grab some Airbourne and tea at a nearby 24 hour place. I also figured I'd grab some eggs while I was at it.Long story short, I spent over a half hour looking for eggs, which were strangely in the direct center of the store, surrounded by clothes (as opposed to the dairy section which was largely labeled and on the perimeter).Madness.
4	As far as Meijer's go, this one is pretty good.  It's a relatively new, gigantic store, it's always clean, there's more than enough parking, and you don't have to deal with the chaos that is Prospect (that Meijer also seems really dingy).  I often go grocery shopping here because I like their produce section.  However, the layout of this store is completely bizarre and takes some getting used to - the frozen foods and dairy section are separated from the rest of the grocery section by home goods and bedding; eggs and sausage are about a quarter-mile apart; children's clothing is between the dairy section and the pharmacy; etc.  The staff is usually helpful, if you happen to find someone in that giant store.
2	I tried calling customer service to see if they carried a specific plumbing item. I should have just gone to the store and checked for myself as it would have taken the same amount of time...
2	Store review:How can two meijer be so different? I read the reviews and was thinking it couldn't be that different because the meijer is a corporate store... I was wrong. First the store itself is a lot smaller than the one in Champaign. I agree that the layout is completely weird and someone should be fired. You walk in and you get the fresh fruit/vegetable that transitions into the normal grocery shelves, but where is the dairy milk and frozen food. Oh it is located in the center of the store by the clothes. I completely did not believe this.... Overall it is a meijer that is smaller but still well stocked. I am going to the Champaign location because it is significantly closer to home and larger as wellPros: good sales on fruits/meats weekly, large inventoryCons: weird store layout, look out for the dairy and frozen food elsewhere, smaller than other storesHidden deals:1. Join mperks for coupons that you can add online2. Free antibiotic and pre-natal vitamin through the pharmacy3. Earn money back in credits with prescription refills, check online
2	Meijer continues to disappoint.  Shelf after shelf empty of products and no one restocking them.  Staples such as milk lie empty at times or sizes missing.  Coffee bins empty of beans.  Entire shelf of distilled water empty for days.  Who plans their orders?  Meanwhile, managerial types stroll around apparently oblivious but condescendingly friendly.  Hey, Guys! Do something!!  I have complained to their website and have received calls but nothing has changed.  Makes no sense how this store is managed.
2	I shop here, yes, but that doesn't mean this is not a wasteland of lost souls, a spectacular cavern of nothingness and need, a vast warehouse filled with caloric lack of potential. Every time I go here, I find myself losing little bits and pieces of myself. I find myself watching as others are forced to resign themselves to the mediocrity of this oversized shopping experience.
4	The Urbana Meijer is one of the best grocery stores in UC. They have a good variety of quality and organize while still having cheaper items. It's a one stop shop. Be warned that the college students do clear out the groceries on the weekend. One complaint is sometimes items are out of date so check before you buy.
