4	Dropped into this nice JB's today for some buffet lunch (of course).  Now the pure buffet deal for Friday is the all-you-can-eat fish & shrimp & fries, plus the soup & salad bar.  I looked at the menu, though, & got tempted away from the seafood this time, to ordering a Club Sandwich, plus the all-you-can-eat soup & salad bar.Things started out great here with a very comfortable booth  & overall atmosphere, & some really good Clam Chowder to bite into!  From there, it was on to the salad bar, which was just fine, & I enjoyed some of that while they were fixing my Club Sandwich (on whole wheat toast with well-done fries).Pretty soon my sandwich arrived, piled high with bacon, lettuce, tomato, ham, turkey, cheese & dressing.  The fries were just what I had hoped for, hot & crispy on the outside, soft on the inside... perfect.  The sandwich was great too, & I had to bring half of this big boy home for later.  ( ...Haven't had THAT happen since Scott's Generations!)    I just measured it, & it's 3 1/2 inches high at all points!  No wonder I couldn't eat it all!This meal was surprisingly good, & a real feast for $9.98 all together.  4 1/2 Stars for JB's Litchfield Park!
4	Didn't expect to come here, but we're glad that we did.  This is good, down-home cookin'.  It's similar in some ways to Denny's and similar restaurants, but more inviting and significantly less "corporate" in feel.  You won't find "The Bite" on a monitor here.I had a simple burger and fries.  It was $5.99 and yummy.  I was tempted to get a dessert, but I was completely stuffed.  Service was friendly and attentive, and the place was spotless.  Taking a look on the internet, I found this place to be operating in Arizona, Utah, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, and Wyoming.  There's nothing like it out here in the Bay.  That's too bad, but the next time I'm in Arizona, I'll be sure to pay this place another visit.
3	After four hours in the car we stopped to use the bathroom at the nearby BurgerKing when we saw JBs. Was enticed by the specials painted on the windows. Got lost between the club sandwich and shrimp plate on the menu, when two retirees at the next table compared Obama to Hilter and recommended the BLT. Add the salad bar for $1.99 more and then out da' do'.
4	Came here last Wednesday with my uncle and his friend as we went to get breakfast before going to a baseball game. I went to the location on Bell Rd. before but that location had since closed.This location seems to be a little roomier and cleaner. You can't beat the all-you-can-eat breakfast, that is a fact. Bacon, biscuit and gravy, pancakes, scrambled eggs, fruit, and much more to choose from. Don't try to re-use your plate like I did though because they will take it away from you! Just go back and fill yourself up a new plate and they will come by to pick up the old one. They give you a bill when you are done eating and you pay at the front register.  Nobody showed up at the front register to ring us up for a good five minutes or so. We could have easily left without paying but we didn't.Looking forward to coming back for breakfast next time I'm in Arizona...this one better no close down too!
2	I have been here about 3 times, twice  for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch. The food is similar to Denny's, so nothing special here. Everything here feels dingy and dirty, there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet. Service is average, but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore.
1	Closed
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =How sad to have lost this nice restaurant with it's excellent daily Salad Bar & full weekend Buffet!     :-(
