5	I love getting my nails done now! She keeps tools that are used only on me! Hello clean!! She has the best ideas for designs, too! I know just go in and relax and chat and leave all the choices to Pam! Never disappointed! She is a must have for any lady that wants pretty hands and feet!
5	Best experience ever! Pam is personable and amazing! She's keeping me in check with my bad habits and my nails have never looked better!
4	As good as it gets!  I love the gel coat that uses the LED technology, not to worry about sunscreen like the UV.  It lasts easily for 2 weeks on my nails.  I have been going to Pamela for over a year and she helped me take charge of my weak nails.  Before getting the gel treatment I could not go a week without needing to repair a split/torn nail.  My nails look healthier and maintain the look for a good two weeks.  I followed Pam to her new studio six months ago rather than try a new nail specialist, and she has not let me down.  Convenient just off Eastern too.
5	Best nail artist in town!!!
5	Pam is an amazing Nail Perfecter. I have been going to her for years, and she never disappoints. She really takes care of her customers, offering them a personalized experience.
5	Absolutely love Studio 108 At Last!!  Pamela is so meticulous and very knowledgable - I love her!!  This place is a must must must!!
5	Pam is amazing. Knowledgeable, and dedicated to educating the client also, as well as providing superior service... "no more chop shop".
5	Pamela is amazing.  I have been to many nail salons and many nail technicians, and none are as professional and personable as Pamela.  When I first arrived to this cute little salon, I was surprised that it was a small room with one employee, Pamela.  She welcomed me in and invited me to sit down.  Another lady was sitting in one of the chairs at the side of the room and she introduced us.  I guess she had just had a service done and was hanging out...I'm still not completely sure but either way it was comfortable and not at all awkward, although I was still very confused at this point how this whole thing worked. I have only been to large nail salons where everyone is getting services done next to each other.  Pamela asked me what kind of design I wanted on my nails and I shrugged, as I always do, and told her I had no idea.  She showed me her Instagram (@studio108atlast) which had an entire gallery of nail designs that she had done on other clients.  As I scrolled through and decided I still had no idea what I wanted, she smiled and got started on at least taking off the horrible acrylic gel mix I had that was piled up on my nails.  She could tell I had been getting my nails done "unprofessionally" for a long time and she assured me she would get my nails healthy again while still keeping them beautiful. Yay!As she worked on my nails I couldn't help but notice and point out all of the thoughtful additions to the room.  Fruit and sprig infused water, a coffee machine, a refrigerator packed with a variety of drinks and snacks, cookies in a glass case, chocolates, and even a birthday calendar with all of her clients birthdays.  So cute. I love this place already and she hasn't even finished my nails! I was pretty exhausted the day I came in and just wanted to relax but somehow she managed to pull my life story out of me.  I made a new friend!  Something I really never get to do at former nail salons where the language barrier makes describing my nail needs / desires merely impossible, let alone any type of conversation.  I'm used to sitting and diving into my phone. Proud to say I hardly looked at my phone while I was sitting in her chair, a huge accomplishment for me. My nails were super cute, totally outside of anything I could have imagined on my own. I got a pedicure done as well and was very impressed with her attention to the health of the nails and not just rushing through the job.  Pamela is amazing and I will never go to another nail tech. Her salon is 20 minutes from my house, which is not amazing on the convenience factor but she provides quality on every level and so the drive is merely a necessity. :) Pamela at Studio 108 should be the standard for all nail salons, and I hope that many will model after her service and attention to detail.Pamela is very busy and books up quickly so make sure you book an appointment a week or 2 in advance!
5	I am a recovered nail biter... After not biting for for about 1 year I went to a "chop shop" for a gel manicure on my natural nail... I thought they did a good job until I met Imani at platos closet who referred me to Pam! She showed me the world of natural beautiful nails! I have gone to Pam 2 times now! Both which have been amazing experiences and I am now on a successful road to health natural beautiful nails!!! Thank you Pam! You're my nails savior! Muah!!
5	A definite 5-star review for this place.  Pamela's studio is located inside Studio Salons, on the corner of Sunridge Heights and Eastern, in the same plaza as the 7 Hills Hand Car Wash and Pho Mailan.  Not only is Pamela knowledgable, but she is one of the sweetest people I've ever had beautify my nails.  I found her through Unlokt (a super cool website to find all the fab spots in the city).  One thing I really loved about working with Pamela is that she really tried to fit me into her schedule.  I explained to her that it was going to be my birthday, and I really wanted to get my nails done for my special day.  She was pretty much booked, and she could not do it on the specific day that I had wanted. However, she was so helpful, she was able to fit me in a few days before my birthday, on a Friday at 8:45am.  She texts, which is awesome for keeping in touch with scheduling!  We were both having a bit of a hurried morning, with phone call interruptions here and there, but she was able to come up with a pretty design that I never would have thought of.  It costs $41 for a gel manicure, no extra fees/charges for designs, and she will literally sit through each nail design with you until its perfect!Can't wait to get my nails done again!TIP: book your appointment 2-3 weeks in advanced to ensure you get a spot!
5	My name is Diana, and I am a nail biter. Pam is TRUELY an artist, therapist, and a great person. I have been looking for a dedicated, OCD, perfectionist and bad ass nail tech all my life! Pam schooled me on the wrongs and rights of nail health and I thank her for treating an ingrown no one had been able to remove. She even texted me the next morning to make sure my toe was doing well. How sweet is she?  Pam is great at what she does and made my day by listening to me vent. Pam's fruit infused water is refreshing and delicious. Her place is cozy and relaxing, the decor is too cute :) if you have been looking for a nail tech that pays attention to detail and doesn't let you leave unhappy, then this is the girl for you. Thanks Pam!!!!!
5	Pam is your go to lady if you want your natural nail beauty! I've been coming to her since August of last year and have seen such a tremendous difference in the health and beauty of my nails. Her perfection and creativity is amazing! Thanks Pam for my beautiful fingers! :)
5	As a customer for over eleven years now I can truly say this is by far the best kept secret in the city. Though it may be a drive for some it is worth it by spades. It's a relationship cultivated on teamwork and the more you communicate and work together the better your results will be. Take care of yourself and help her take care of you. Your nails will never be healthier, stronger or more beautiful.
5	Pam goes above and beyond! She doesn't just give you a beautiful manicure, she perfects your nails and teaches you how to maintain them. Love it!
5	Once again, Pam does an amazing job. She will make your wildest nail dreams come true. :)
