4	Opened for a little over a month, Maialino is an Italian deli and coffee shop, offering a small but high quality range of charcuterie and cheeses, with lunchtime takeaway and sit-in lunches. It's still developing its offering, and could use a little greater breadth to its range, but their lunchtime soup was very tasty and their meats are deli fresh, so make very pleasing sandwich fillings. Well worth a visit, I'd say.So overall, we said: "Maialino is a charming little spot, and well worthy of a visit. It's in the section of William Street that doesn't get quite as much footfall as the Teuchters/Bert's/Melville stretch, but it seems to be building an audience, so long may that continue to grow."
4	Ahhhh another Italian deli that has a special place in my heart. This is a hidden gem and more people need to find there way here. With the bus route going back to normal tomorrow maybe more people will find there way here as I have. Ok on with the review.  Great little italian cafe/ deli with a good menu of sandwiches and coffee and other goodies. As my hunt for all the italian delis in the city continues this was my first stop and I was jonesing for some salami and parmesan cheese. This place of course had both and they were both quite tasty. I had a black peppercorn type salami that didn't last the evening. Couldn't help myself and it got devoured. The cheese I am savoring but still probably wont last that long. The shop has  comfy looking tables to sit at and enjoy your coffee or sandwich. I really liked the sandwich menu with all the variety and next time I stop in I will be getting a panini before you can say " Don Corleone " and of course my espresso shot to sample the coffee. Really liked the gentlemen working there, they recognized my American accent and started a friendly chat with me, made me feel like famiglia. The deli had all sorts of salamis and cheeses and the prices were not to bad at all. I even think I remember them having a few loaves of bread but I cant be sure as I was to focused on the salamis in the case. So otherwise another great little italian deli, I do recommend it if your in the area or even if your not then you need to find your way to the area! I will be going back  in regularly I believe as my bus route is right next to the place almost. After I sample the food I will also update this review, which I am sure will be even more positive!
5	These guys have it sorted. They have the best ingredients, and have some amazing bread and soups and EVERYTHING.They might take a while to prepare stuff but that's because it's prepared to perfection, The sandwiches look and taste AMAZING. The special is always a fantastic mix of flavours and super tasty. They have pulled pork every now and again. I need to try that next time. Check out this place. They're friendly guys too!
5	I had the pulled pork from Maialino today and it was fantastic. Absolutely loved it. Not too juicy and with the right balance of chutney and meat. Also their pea and courgette soup was spot on. Fresh, green and tasty.Always good when things that you're looking forward to go well!
5	Superb little deli situated in the West end of William Street.  With a wide range of sandwiches to choose from, as well as daily specials (the Wednesday special of pastrami, pecorino and harissa mayo being a particular favourite), this is the place to go when you are feeling hungrier than normal at lunchtime.
