5	Stayed here for a few months back in 2004, and it was great. I'm including this in my "best places to eat" list because they have a free dinner and wine reception in the lobby every night and breakfast every morning. The food was always good. More than that, though, the desk staff were WONDERFUL. They knew that I and my colleagues were going to be there for a few months and they bent over backwards to make sure we were taken care of. They were very friendly and even ran errands for us once or twice! This was a great hotel experience. It's right across the parking lot from a Gordon Biersch, too, so if you need a beer or a cigar, they are very handy.
4	The location is pretty decent and you don't have to deal with any casinos or smoke. the morning breakfast is very good and the suites are clean and well-appointed. the breakfast has waffles, eggs, potatoes, juices, yogurt, etc. and will fill you up. the only complaint is that they keep trying to push the travel club on you. they leave messages on your phone (it woke me up at 8AM on Saturday morning!) and push it on you if you ask them any questions.
4	I found this to be a very convenient and pleasant place to stay in Vegas. Now, I'm no Vegas pro; I've only been a handful of times, and both other times I stayed in some of the cheaper, older casino hotels on the strip, which were not exactly pleasant. I was a little wary of staying off strip, but it turned out to be waaay more convenient. Since the casinos are so far apart as it is, staying 1 mile off doesn't make much difference at all. This was easy walking distance to the Wynn and the Venetian, the two places I needed to get to. We also drove from the hotel to the Venetian a few times and it took less than 5 minutes, the parking was free, and not once did we have to deal with the traffic of Las Vegas Blvd. We got a 2 bedroom suite at a reasonable price. The room was clean and comfortable and included a full kitchen and very soft pillows. There was also complimentary breakfast downstairs in the mornings. If the strip isn't your thing, there are also a lot of chain restaurants and such in the immediate vicinity. For once I *gasp* did not bring my computer, so I can't comment on the internet situation. I had never stayed at a Residence Inn before, but after this experience I would certainly come again.
5	i was very satisfied with my stay here! full kitchen, free breakfast in the morning, complementary coffee/tea/hot chocolate in the lobby, and comfortable beds!!!they have a pool and basketball/tennis court for people who want to stay active...a BBQ by the pool for people that want to grill something up.... and if you don't feel like cooking the place is surrounded by 3-4 star restaurants!and it's like less than 5 minutes from the strip!I'm for sure coming back!
4	This residence inn has a pretty full miniature kitchen that could save you some cash on food(fridge freezer, stovetop, microwave, sink), of course the hotel also provides a large breakfast and afternoon beer/wine snacks so really you don't even need the kitchen. The suite I stayed in had a full bed and a pull out queen couch which four of us squeezed into. Walkable to the strip and the convention center (maybe four city blocks to each).  and there are three restaurants right in front of the hotel (Bahama Breeze, a japanese restaurant, and something else).
4	I was in a tight money crunch and tight time crunch when my cousin decided to get married on Valentine's day. She had told me this only a week prior! So I researched and found a decent deal on this hotel. It was situated not too far from the strip. It wasn't walking distance but it was a quick drive to the strip. Also, there were several restaurants located near by such as: PF Changs, Ruth Chris, Bahama Breeze, etc.In any case, the lobby is really nice. They serve free breakfast daily and the room is so spacious and clean. The breakfast is hearty and plentiful. They serve eggs, sausages, cereal, muffins, waffles, etc. As for the rooms, they were very spacious. All rooms are equipped with a kitchen, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, etc. I had a small living room separate from the bedroom which was nice. They also had a sofa bed too! Overall, it was a pleasant experience. It was clean, spacious, and had free food. The only complaint I have is the fact that the room made me static. My hair was static and I really hate that! I guess they just have a very dry room that made everything static. Oh! And parking can be bad sometimes when you come home late at night. So just be aware of this when coming home from a late night of partying.
3	The hotel itself is nice. It's close to the strip and the airport and there is plenty of food around. My suggestion to the actual hotel is to get a bus shuttle for airport travel and maybe even to the strip. It's really a safety precaution- drunk people should not drive. But the housekeeping is bad. They either steal or they are too dumb to realize what isn't trash.
4	The 2 bedroom suite was a godsend in travelling with father in law. Very well appointed with a good kitchen and ensuites off each of the bedrooms. Wasn't that keen on the breakfast, but I can be v fussy in the morning :-)
5	We have hotel hopped (actually Marriott hopped) on our many trips to Vegas, but this Residence Inn is the first one we have stayed at more than once. (In fact, once we stayed here, we haven't stayed anywhere else.)Great location with some awesome restaurants, FedEx, and Starbucks basically in the parking lot. Speaking of parking - we've never had an issue getting a decent parking spot and if you want to take a cab to the strip, there are usually several waiting. Free breakfast is good and we enjoy the few nights of free dinner. We also love the workout room.The rooms are nice and spacious. Always enjoy having a microwave and refrigerator. There's also a stove top and dishwasher, if you need that.The staff is always nice. On our most recent stay, we had a minor incident regarding one of the amenities. The operations manager took our complaint very seriously, corrected the situation, and went above and beyond compensating us. I am sure we will stay at this Residence Inn again on our next trip to Vegas.
3	We needed a dog friendly hotel for the weekend that wasn't too far off the strip and we decided on staying here.  There was a one-time fee of 100 for the dog (no matter how long your stay was) which was reasonable. They gave you a little magnet to stick onto your door knob to let people know that there was a pet inside.  We had a one bedroom "suite" complete with living room and kitchenette.  The kitchenette had all the plates, pots, pans, utensils and paper towels which really worked out for us.  They had a really good complimentary hot breakfast in the morning and we would just take our food from the buffet and bring it up back to our room. We weren't too far from the strip and there were two restaurants right next to the property.  I would recommend this hotel if you needed a pet friendly place to stay in Las Vegas.
5	I cashed in 40,000 rewards points for 2 nights on a Monday and Tuesday night.  My family of 5 had a great time.  The 2 bedroom suite was perfect for everyone.  We made good use of  all of the kitchen comforts of home.  The pool was heated just right.  There is no casino downstairs which turned out to be a plus.  You don't realize how smoky the hotels on the strip are until you stay in a fully non-smoking property.  It was a peaceful, relaxing stay.  Highly recommended!
4	I really love the spacious suites at RI Hughes Center. The room rates were very reasonable - about $120/night during the week for a 1 bedroom suite with a kitchen and living room. The rooms were well cleaned each day and they had plenty of dishes, cups, ice, and utencils. RI Hughes Center offers a delicious free dinner during the slower nights of the week (Tuesdays for sure) and has a delicious complimentary breakfast each morning. I'm not talking about a Continental breakfast that teases your taste buds - I mean a real scrambled eggs, waffle, toast, bagel, cereal, sausage, etc. breakfast. The service at RI Hughes Center is impeccable. They were there for everything I needed. My room key kept getting demagnetized because I accidentally placed it next to my cell phone and the front desk was quick to fix the key. I also had forgotten my keyboard cover and they mailed it back to me after calling to make the request.RI Hughes Center is within walking distance to the strip, but it isn't so close that you have to deal with traffic near the suites. The pool has a crazy amount of chlorine, but that's to be expected in the ultra-hot desert.I'd recommend RI Hughes Center to families visiting Las Vegas.
4	Good location just a few blocks from the Strip.  Rooms always clean.  Friendly staff.  Free breakfast.  Most evenings, a light, but free, dinner.
4	I realize staying off the Strip and not at a casino are not even something you will consider while coming to Las Vegas but the Residence Inn at Howard Hughes Center is my new secret place for convention center trips. It's a real simple walk up Paradise to the show. At night on Monday/Tuesday they have a free snack and beer for a Happy Hour in the dining hall. The breakfast is pretty decent as well. The hot tub is large but not the warmest/strongest jets you have ever felt. The tennis court they advertise is smaller than regulation size. The rooms are fantastic and the mini kitchen is quality. Our room came with more than once flat screen and a bland 90's decor. Parking was no problem and you will have plenty of space while doing business in Las Vegas. If your ready to work and put in a good week of business in Las Vegas this is your spot. If you want drunken trouble and 24/7 gambling then this is not your place.
3	Our last stay at the Residence Inn, we initially thought it was this one, and I thought, great I remember staying here before.  When I found out our reservation was at the other one further down Paradise Road, I'm like (sigh) just great.There are 2 Residence Inns along Paradise Road.Pros: no smoking, as in all Residence Inns - kichenette, newer facility than the other on Paradise, restaurants nearbyCons: further from the strip, 3 star accomodations
2	I stayed here during an educational program and shared a room with a friend for four nights.  We each had our own king size bed, which was nice and comfortable.  What wasn't so comfortable was the refrigerator's compressor cycling on and off and waking us both repeatedly during the night.  The kitchen is right in the bedroom area.  The bathroom sink area does not have a door to shut out the light from those still sleeping in the bedroom.  Another factor in making it very difficult to get a good night's sleep before classes each day.The breakfast provided was fair.  The breakfast at Embassy Suites is far superior (as are the room layouts)
4	Great off the strip alternative walking distance to lots of restaurants.
5	This has to be my favorite place to stay when I am in Vegas. It's about a mile off the strip, but hey it's cheaper and better than the other hotels.While you may not be able to just go down to the casino whenever you want, but this place really is home away from home. Their beds are so comfortable, they have complimentary breakfast 7-days a week, free wi-fi, and a kitchen!I've stayed here twice already for 4-day weekends and it's nice to just sit and relax in a AC room with comfy beds and a big flat screen TV that has HBO. The one bed is the same room as the two-bed, but there's also a sofa bed too, but that's just a normal spring bed. The only time the kitchen made noise was when someone was using it (like the sink, dishwasher, microwave, etc.) Other than that had no problems with it. It also comes fully stocked with a pot, pan, silverware, plates, glasses, cooking utensils, etc. Right outside the pool area is a BBQ area too. I didn't see this last minute, but they have 2 BBQ grills and a lounge outside the pool. What also made my stay here wonderful is the staff. The staff is so helpful and friendly. There are always those "nice" staff, but this staff is Great and was always there to help me out when I needed it.I say stay here if you're looking for a nice place to stay while your in Vegas and have already seen everything that the only thing you do in Vegas is go out at night.  Plus it's way cheaper than the main hotels and all you really need a room for is to sleep in and hold all your luggage.
3	I stayed here with my boyfriend and his family because of their timeshare. This was my first time staying a mile off the strip, and it was a nice change of pace. During the daytime, we got around the Strip with my boyfriend's family's car. At night, we were free to meet up with friends and it was a $10-$12 cab ride. If we did not have access to a car, I'd prefer to stay on the strip and have access to all the restaurants, shopping, and clubs. The 2 bedroom suite was HUGE. There were 2 separate bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms, a kitchen, and a comfortable living room. Wi-fi internet was available, but the signal was weak to non-existent.
5	Writing review just before checkout. Room was nice as well as free wifi and free breakfast. Staffs i met during stay were kind. You should consider other hotels/inn if you want to enjoy late-night casino with drink since here is no casino and nice bar. I had no concern for that because this trip was just to see KA at MGM. It's not so far from Rsidence Inn if you use your vehicle or taxi.
5	We stayed here for four nights in a two bedroom suite. It was not far from the strip, and we were able to cook what we liked on the stove in the kitchen (the kitchenette was fully-equipped with mini versions of a stove and dishwasher for 4 sets of dishware and utensils). We were very comfortable, and the staff was very helpful and courteous. They had breakfast from 7 to 930, which we took advantage of one time. There was plenty of parking, and the place was quiet.
2	Not really a fan.  Hotel needs is in need of renovation.  Seemed dirty and out dated.
3	We stayed at this hotel recently and had an 3 star experience.  There were some good things, and some things that weren't that great.  We were in a two bedroom suite that was in desperate need of renovations.  The window in one of the rooms didn't close properly and the maintenance crew duct taped it shut.  Real classy.  The kitchen is a fairly decent size, but isn't stocked super well.  Great for a weekend stay, but if you were planning to stay for a week or two and intended to cook a majority of your meals, you would be scrambling for utensils.  Bathroom set up is okay, but there isn't a fan so your room becomes humid pretty quickly after opening the door after your shower.  Here's where they lose the two stars.They receive three stars as the staff at this hotel were very accommodating and have great attitudes.  The layout of the suites are really nice as the kitchen is in between the walls of the bathrooms in each room.  They also have a great breakfast which was free for us, not sure if all guests get that, but it was a nice spread of various foods and the eating area is comfortable and we didn't have to look for places to sit each day of our visit, there was plenty of room.  They have a pool and tennis court as well as a small gym.  Our wi-fi was free.  We barely heard any of the guests staying above, below, or beside us and wondered if they even rented out those rooms!    You aren't on the Vegas strip, but it's a 15 minute walk -closest to Flamingo, Bally, Bellagio, Ceasar's Palace.  There are several chain restaurants in the immediate vicinity (Gordon Biersch, Foga Di Choa, P.F. Changs, Lawry's)With all the options in Vegas, this is certainly a quieter place to stay as there wasn't a casino or even a few slot machines on the premises that I heard and it's great for families, but there are too many options for hotel stay in Vegas.  I suggest this location quickly renovates their units to be more current and market this more towards young families and this would be an easy choice for a stay.
4	I have been staying at this hotel for 5 years now when I am in Vegas for a week and a half event. Just to give you a little background on my vegas experience, I am there for work about 2 months out of the year so I am pretty much over the whole strip scene. Not to say I don't enjoy it but being on the road like I am I don't want to have to deal with tourist shoulder-shoulder every day.Just like a normal Residence Inn you have a pool, free breakfast, fitness center, full kitchen in the rooms, and washer/dryer on a few floors. Although the lobby has been renovated the rooms have not and sure could use an updating. They aren't really worn out just very dated. A cool thing that they provide is a couple grills out by the pool and a basketball court. Anytime that I have to spend a week or more in town I prefer staying here. With all of the great restaurants close (my favorite indian restaurant is across the street) and the kitchen this Residence Inn fits the bill of work travel goodness.
3	Nice room with the full sized fridge and DO NOT TOUCH bottles of water sitting there.The beds were comfy and pillows were not super firm and high like the Fairfield.Big ass TV was nice but at a weird angle from the beds for optimal viewing.  I guess it was that way for a reason.  The only good viewing angle came from a chair placed right in front.Breakfast in the morning was nice.  Multiple waffle stations, Oatmeal, frozen blueberries - blah,  Microwaved sausages, enough scrambled eggs for a small army.Service was great.  Lady gave me a tray to hold my food to take back up to the room.Parking underground behind the pool was a definite plus to keep the car cool.Check in/out process was a snap.
4	Stayed in a 1 bedroom. It was relatively big for what we were expecting. We had a full den, complete with sofa bed, table and tv so you can have people over. Full kitchen, fridge, coffee maker and microwave together with the kitchen utensilsBed and all of the linens were clean. It was firm, the down was just right for the Vegas weather which was in the high 90's that weekend. Pillows were to my liking soft feather pillows.Free breakfast buffet with your choice of oatmeal, cereal, potatoes, waffles milk and orange or apple juice.Check in and check out was a snap. Late check out was up to 12:30pm onlyWe couldn't find where the ice machine at our floor.Self parking at their garage next door.
5	What a delightful property.  No its not a Courtyard but it is one terrific all suite hotel in a super convenient location and a staff that is A+++.  I was only staying two nights and they treated me like a king.  Breakfast in the morning was delightful.  Especially the fresh fruit.  Even though my room was in the front of the hotel it was whisper quiet.  The room was spacious and the living area comfortable.  I like to be near the elevator and the staff accommodated me.  I was traveling from the East Coast and arrived at the Residence Inn at 1130am.  I was amazed they let me check in and go right up to my room to rest.  A++ to everyone on the staff.  An excellent value, great location, superb staff which means the management must be among the best.  Thank you Mr. Marriott for a delightful rest.
4	Really clean. Great parking spots. They have free breakfast which is good. Great for a family or people on budget. They also have a gym/tennis court/ basketball and pool amenities. The rooms are huge with a living room.
4	Maribel T. and her sister invited me to go with them one weekend and we stayed here for 3 days/2 nights. I walked in surprised, not thinking it would have a small kitchen. This hotel is made for a nice long weekend. It has a small kitchen, a good size fridge and a microwave. It's not located on the strip but it sure is close to it and everywhere else we went to. Also, it includes free breakfast :)
1	7 am & there are 6 dogs on the patio outside my window barking. The staff allowed the barking to go on for 38 minutes. Finally, I had to ask the lovely group of dog walkers to disband. I would rather be at an econolodge.
4	This was actually a wonderful hotel in a very convenient location. The room had a kitchen, desk, couch, comfy bed, nice sized bathroom, etc. The bed was perfectly comfortable - not too hard, not too soft. And there were plenty of pillows and blankets. Everything was very well-kept and felt like new. There's free food and drinks at various times in the lobby. It's right next to Gordon Biersch and a super short drive to the Strip. It's definitely a nice, low-key place to stay where you can escape the casinos. I saw a lot of flight crew folks coming in and out of here.
1	I spent 2 nights 3 days in this hotel in my visit.  Here's my breakdown:- wifi internet is indeed free of charge, but ut is at 1 mb/s.  Meaning you have to spend about a minute to open facebook.  I ended up using my data plan instead.- room and bathroom walls look like it is an 18th century place, no it is not historic, it is old and cracked.- bathroom is tiny.- they will barely give you shampoo.  I am a man with almost no hair and one bottle barely get me through a good shower.  I wonder what would be the case for women with longer hair.- breakfast is limited like all other hotels I have been to, but I was honored to have egg shells in my scarmbeled egg on two consecutive days.   Am I lucky or is it a standard in the scrambled eggs! !!- price wise, you can go to the fanciest hotel and casino on the strip for the same money.Simply put.  I am extremely disappointed with Mariott that this will be the last time I ever use them.
4	stayed at this hotel with friends and it was not bad at all room was nice and clean they have a gym , pool , basketball court , free breakfast what more can you ask for i would stay here again.
1	Wouldn't go back to this hotel.  I love dogs and animals just as much as anybody but I don't want dog hairs on the bathroom floor!  The front desk says they charge $100 for people with dogs because they do a special clean up after the pet leaves.  Well they must've missed my room!  It's really an uncomfortable stay when you have to put "sheets" on the sofa and chairs because you don't want someone's pet hair all over you! Residence Inn you should make sure the housekeeper does that "$100" clean up!
3	Overall everything here was OK.  The hotel needs to be renovated, I think the staff does a good job with working with what they have, but the rooms themselves feel a little rundown, the furniture is worn etc...The room at least felt clean and the location is great.  It is within walking distance to the strip, but not on it, yet they have plenty of stuff to eat literally right outside the parking lot.  The staff here was friendly and everything else was good.
