1	I would give this place no stars if I could. I went there for a LipoLaser treatment as part of a WeeklyPlus deal that included 3 treatments for $99. What a ripoff! First of all, I'm an engineer.. if you tell me that putting two paddles with LEDs on my skin is going to reduce fat, you must think I'm a moron. I exercise daily, I have a fast metabolism and a healthy diet. I even competed and placed reasonably in fitness competition! I went there hoping that the treatment will get rid of the tiny amount of cellulite I still have after all the work I've been putting toward a fit body, as they advertise it as spot fat reduction... No change! I should've done the research before I wasted $99. The place was filthy. I hope they get a surprise inspection one of these days, because I wanted to jump in the shower with my clothes on as soon as I left. Hair everywhere, the bathroom stinks and it hasn't been cleaned in a week, the toilet is soiled and there are urine stains even on the floor! The LipoLaser paddles were not sanitized from the previous customer. I almost said "No Thanks, I think I'll leave". After the LipoLaser treatment they put you on a vibration machine, similar to the Power Plate, but make you take your shoes off... and the platform is so filthy and dirty I cannot believe I actually took my shoes off! There were filthy surgery utensils on a medical table right next to this vibration machine. I asked the "nurse" if there is anything I can use to clean my feet before putting my shoes back on and she sent me in the bathroom to use paper towels... I am obviously not going back to use my other two sessions. This is a scam at a filthy, unprofessional establishment. Everything is old and dirty, and they try to sell you this miracle treatment for a boat load of money! I'll stick to dry brushing and spin classes, at least I can sanitize the bike before each class.
4	I have been having Lipo-Laser treatments at  Touch of Health Physical Medicine. I'm a RN and I've been only amazed at how well this has worked for me. The business was very clean and organized and the staff was so pleasant. I've lost a lot of weight and just wanted to get those troubled spots , muffin tops, my baby pouch, and it really does work. They have a three step process of The Lipo-Laser, Alkalined Water, and The Whole Body Vibration. If you do it all like they asked, you too can have success. You can't be negative and the staff really helped me change my mindset.  It is not a LED light, it's a Diode Laser. The Touch of Health that I went to was located at 4602 N.16Th St Suite 305 Phx.,Az. I liked it and it worked for me.
1	Worst customer service I have ever received in my life.I bought a nonrefundable online coupon for 3 of their LipoLaser treatments. The front desk lady, Debbie, was beyond nasty to me every time we spoke. I decided I'd rather lose out on the money than ever step foot in that place again. When I called to set up the consultation, it was about 6 weeks before the expiration date. I tried asking Debbie if I would have enough time to get all the treatments in if I waited a week because of my work schedule. ( I knew nothing about the LipoLaser stuff, like how long to wait between appts.)  She retorted snottily with how she doesn't know my schedule and that can't tell me when to make my appointment. So rude!!Regardless, I made an appointment for the consultation for the following week. Upon arriving there was no one at the front desk or in the waiting room.  I stood at the front desk for about 3 mins before Dr. Gallagher greeted me and told me to have a seat and "Debbie knew I was coming and should be right back."  I waited for over 10 minutes wondering why I wasn't filling out paperwork or something proactive. Debbie never showed.  The Doc came back out and gave me some forms to fill out.  I did that. Then waited another 8 mins or so. It finally became apparent that Debbie was not coming back so the Doc gave me a brief tour. He was friendly enough, the consultation seemed pointless and definitely unorganized.  The "tour" took about 5 mins.  I made an appt. for my first session the following week. I gave myself 30 mins to get there for what would be normally a 15 drive.  However, it happened to be the crazy fluke day that it started snowing in Scottsdale. Traffic was significantly worse than normal.  Five mins before my appt. time I called Touch of Health, trying to be considerate and explain that because of the random insane weather I may be a few mins late.  Debbie answered. I explained that I've been sitting on the 101 for 20 mins and could be a few mins a late.  She snapped at me and said "Well, I'm sitting here waiting on you!"  I was flabbergasted and appalled. I wasn't even late yet, and I was being scolded by a receptionist?! I couldn't even handle the rudeness anymore. So I responded with "Well, funny. I was waiting on you for my consultation..." She cut me off and got super defensive with how "No, no. You're weren't waiting on me. The Doctor helped you!"  I realized it was pointless to argue with this awful receptionist, yet I was enraged at this moment. I told her I certainly wasn't planning on traffic being awful and the situation. "We'll if you're more than 15 mins late you'll have to reschedule.'' I decided to just forget it at this point, and told her I wanted to reschedule. I had no desire to be yelled at further by this lady with a severe attitude problem.  Instead of rescheduling me then, she told me to call back tomorrow. I did not call back.  What a terrible experience from beginning to end.  The coupon I  bought was not cheap but I refuse to have any interaction with Debbie again.  She made me feel unappreciated and just plan awful with her nasty tone and nasty words. I don't know if I received such awful treatment because I was using the coupon, but I should've been treated with the same respect as everybody else.  I don't know how the place would still be open if Debbie treats all patients/customers in such a rude despicable manner. I wish I could leave no stars!
5	I went to Touch of Health for chiropractic services. I was having low back pain that I was trying to treat via core exercises. Progress was slow until I visited Touch of Health. They found the cause of the problem, recommended a treatment plan, and I'm feeling much better. The staff was courteous and helpful and worked with me and my schedule. Thanks, Touch of Health!
5	The people at Touch of Health are very helpful and caring.  I felt very welcome as their main concern was to help me feel better.  They worked around my schedule so well.  It was an aggressive treatment plan, but I am back to normal activities.  Now I go for maintenance.  I feel great!
