5	I have been to the new West-side Madison Hy-Vee about 3 times since it opened. The first couple of times I only bought small things. Today I did a bigger shopping trip. I love this store. It has a wonderful selection and plenty of staff to keep the customers happy. It is newly opened so it will be interesting to see if the level of service changes. As long as the selection and service stay top notch I will be back. Highlights for me were the selection of organic local produce, health food section, and store brand selection.
5	OMG YES! I've always been a fan of Hy-Vee but seriously the Hy-Vee's I've been going to are nothing compared to this Hy-Vee!THERE IS A BAR IN THE RESTAURANT. Yes a BAR. And they serve Spotted Cow! But they were out when I went there but still, A BAR WITH SPOTTED COW!Ok can you tell I am not from here? Because they probably sell Spotted Cow everywhere but when I can come up from Chicago ad hit up Hy-Vee, I can now get a Spotted Cow! Oh they also have TVs in the restaurant. Seriously I'd never leave this area had I been going to school here. Grand Buffet + Bar + TVs + Internet Access + Electrical Outlets at every table + Single room bathroom (multiple single room bathrooms) = My second home had I lived here.Madison, you really scored big with this new Hy-Vee. I mean I just popped in to charge my phone and figured I could find an outlet and wow I kind of don't want to leave haha.Second to review too!
4	I grew up in Illinois with a Hy Vee and raised on a regular diet of their deli kitchen meals.  So imagine my amazement when this opened up not far from my house.  This Hy Vee is one of the larger ones, so the selection is fantastic.  The prices are very reasonable, and their generic/store brands pricing put them on par with what you'd find at Woodman's.  Super friendly and helpful staff.  With the number of employees I see in there, you don't have to look far if you need help.The kitchen is spectacular.  If you want to stop in for any meal, it can be done deliciously and at a great price.  You get a lot for what you pay.  This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, and I look forward to being here regularly!
1	We have been here three times and each time we have been disappointed. The bakery lost our order for buns for a party; on the day of the event, they did not have the buns we ordered. The checker short-changed me $10 on my cash back. The baggers seem clueless about how to bag groceries appropriately; when I asked for a change, they still didn't seem to know how to bag so that the bags were not too heavy, did not have heavy items lying on top of softer produce, and did not have items falling out of the top of the bag. It appears that the problem is lack of training of employees at this new store.
5	This grocery store is pretty awesome. If you're from Texas, it's pretty similar to HEB Plus. It's got a hot food bar, an amazing meat section/deli, a great bulk food section, fresh produce, a bakery, samples (!!!!!!), a salsa/hummus bar, and it's super clean and new. They also have a decent selection of "ethnic" foods and ingredients. I always end up making too many impulse purchases thanks to their generous samples.
4	It's a new Hy-Vee at the corner of Odana and Whitney Way. It clean, it's employee owned, it's based in Iowa and the selection and prices are pretty damn good. Certainly two notches above Coops, calmer than Woodmans and cheaper than Metcalfe's. Totally worth checking out. For their opening month special, they're offering fresh Copper River Sockeye for $12/lb. That's as cheap as you can ever find it on the West Coast and it's some of the best Salmon on the planet. I know where I'll be shopping all month.A great addition to West side food shopping.
3	Great location, very open/bright layout but prices on produce aren't competitive with Woodman's. They have a great selection and huge variety but I don't see myself coming back here unless I'm in that part of town and in dire need of something.They do stock some unique fruits that aren't available elsewhere (ie dragonfruit, persimmon, etc).
4	Never did I think I would be writing a review for a grocery store but Hy-Vee has earned it.  So where do I start?  Let's start with the basics.  It's clean, bright, has a friendly staff, and a great selection of products.  For a grocery store, I am impressed with both their bakery as well as cheese selection.  Moving on from the basics, the store has stations where you can get chinese, sushi, pizza, hamburgers, chicken with some delicious sides. You can order it to go or take it in to the glassed in dining room at the corner of the store.  order ala carte or go for the all you can eat option (if memory serves me right it was $11.99).  Yes, I will admit that my better half and I tried the General Tso's chicken with a chicken egg roll.  Fueled by courage brought on by a wine tour and prolonged tasting, we took the plunge and quite honestly, we weren't disappointed.  It won't rival sit down places here in Madison but in a pinch (or when slightly buzzed), it definitely fits the bill.  Yes, Whole Foods and Metcalfe's have their niche but for everyday shopping, you will find me here.
5	In the past, I have contacted the managers at Woodmans and Copps about specific products. These products were once offered at the stores. I asked to special order these items. I got the same thing from both stores. "we'll contact you with some information on these products" then nothing or "We can't get it from our supplier". I contacted HyVee corporate in Iowa. In a matter of minutes the manager at the Whitney Way store contacted me. He is special ordering the items I wanted. It is wonderful! I love going to the store. Now, I also have a friendly, supportive contact where I can get certain items unavailable anywhere else.
5	This is a great grocery store.Customer service is fabulous,"hellos,good mornings and can I help yous"almost to a fault. All departments amply staffed.Restaurant with tasty, reasonably priced breakfasts,not to mention buffet and bar..Gas rewards are generous...This is now my food store of choice!
4	We absolutely LOOOVE HyVee! We get Chinese food from their buffet at least once a week for a cheap and easy meal. :) I've also cooked their salmon several times, and it's always a hit. Please bring back the cedar wrapped salmon with asparagus, we loved those!!My only critique to offer is to please train your baggers to keep cold and hot foods separate. We have had to re-arrange our own bags almost every time after we check out, or remind them during bagging.
4	Wow, what a great grocery store! Staff members are SUPER friendly and helpful. Bright, spacious, nice displays, great prepared foods section, meat/seafood counters, and bakery. Went in on a Friday evening and the parking lot was busy, but I never felt like the store itself was busy inside. They were giving out tons of samples and they were sampling/selling smoked ribs that an employee smoked on the smoker outside the store. Wow, those ribs beat most that are sold at local BBQ joints! They don't have the selection that you'd find at Woodman's and prices (on some things) are a little higher, but the cost is worth the calm, pleasurable experience.
5	Two Words: Sushi BarYes they have a sushi bar inside and yeah it is pretty decent!
3	Tried the hyvee buffet today This a somewhat unusual setup in that you get to have all the food items displayed for sale, you walk down the display cases and ask for what you want ...The quality of the food was very goodThe service of the wait staff, was very lousy, given the unique setup they had the waitress did not explain how it all works, we had to ask the servers on the food line to figure it out; We also had to go find someone a couple if times to take empty plates off our table, the coffee Pot was empty and had to wait 20 minutes before I could get any ... I liked the food but really did not like their setup, you feel like you are made to ask for food in a grocery food line ...The price was $12 for adults and $6 for kids, relative to my review here, it should be less...All in all, worth trying but unlikely I will repeat, at least not in the near future.
2	Hy-Vee is not my go to grocery store, but I do go about once a month.I stopped by under the allure of getting a hot lunch and office snacks in one trip.  The location is clean, well kept, busy and things are easy to find.  I did a quick walk through the hot food, salad bar, bakery area on my way to get office snacks.  I found the snacks (coffee creamer, crackers, peanut butter type stuff) I wanted easily, and got a few impulse buys.  Everything was reasonably priced.  I then doubled back to get my lunch.  I perused the selection and decided to get the Chinese 2 Entree Combo.  The woman who helped me was kind, but possibly hard of hearing.  I pointed to my first entree selection (Jalapeno Chicken) and she put it on my plate and commented that is was delicious but very spicy, next I pointed to and asked for the Pepper Beef.  She nodded and gave me the chicken dish next to it, I saw her dip the spoon and tried to stop her but it was already on my plate.  Sigh.  Fine, I can eat chicken.  I pointed to and asked for an egg roll for my appetizer and she gave me crab rangoon, which I definitely didn't want so I said something.  She said it was already on my plate, and they were delicious and stuck the price sticker on my plate and said goodbye.  The food itself was warm, fragrant and very delicious.  Even the unwanted chicken and crab rangoon.  I will be going back to try more hot foods.  I decided I needed a dessert, and checked out the bakery.  I impulse bought the 7-Layer brownies and the caramel pecan bread.  Both turned out to be bad ideas.  The brownies ended up being terribly stale and hard.  Someone just put old, hard brownies in box and threw them on the shelf.  The caramel pecan was a dentist's dream come true! The caramel part was so hard it was painful to eat.  Not the firm, sticky good kind of delicious treat.  It was a so hard you could crack a tooth or at best pull out a filling.  Almost inedible.  I ended up throwing both out.  If you are going to buy bakery items I suggest asking them how fresh they are or even trying to apply pressure to see how hard or soft the item is.I did not have my Fuel Saver card and asked the cashier to look it up.  I know the card is tied to my phone number, as other cashiers have looked it up that way, but she said it wasn't.  I will still shop here, but this was an all around bad experience.
4	So happy this place opened if only for the Grand Buffet at lunch. I don't know about the weekend buffets, but my Dad and I are very happy about the Grand Buffet. For a price you would pay at some fast food places, you get to pick and choose at a well-stocked salad bar, the hot bar, and fresh fruit. The hot bar has a server that dishes up what you want, usually meatloaf with sides, chicken, fried fish or baked fish, or something similar. Also, included in the price of the Grand is the Chinese and Italian food bars. Even more inexpensive is the Chinese buffet bar by itself. It must be popular, as I see many people getting just that. The dining room is very clean.The only thing is if you go in late to lunch, you may find the server that takes your drink order disappear. I would not suggest getting coffee if you want a refill.The rest of the store is fantastic to walk around in on a cold winters day. The Hy-vee brands of products are moderately priced and they are always having sales.
4	I had an excellent experience at Hyvee.  I am new to the area and the butcher took the time to speak to me for at least 10 minutes explaining the various cuts they carry and giving me ideas on what would work for me.
2	Be patient.  Massive store with muppets working the register.3rd week stopping in, 3rd week dealing with incompetence on the registers.This is a huge store and you could stock up on every grocery and household good you could imagine.  You could also eat in their restaurant, at their hotbar, salad bar, deli, etc.  They have decent prices on a few things and on Wednesday you save 15% in their "health market".  The health market is the tiny section, all the way to the right.  I'll come back because they have a few things I can't get at some other stores but it won't be my go to store, mostly because I have yet to have an easy, positive experience checking out?  Dumb luck or is it a pattern?
5	How could you not love coming here? The food is great (for a buffet). Always well stocked, piping hot, clearly freshly made. It is a bit weird to eat lunch in a grocery store, but there's so many options!  AND - you can get some errands done at the same time! How convenient!
4	I'm not a big fan of the store itself.  For such a large place, it didn't have a large selection of items.  Their soda aisle was lacking.  They push their off-brand items cheap, and sell brand-name items for what you can get them for at a smaller, local grocery store.  I wasn't impressed.  If I lived near it, I'd probably shop there by default, but nothing is drawing me in for my weekly shopping...HOWEVER, the food court was amazing!  The choices!  The quality!  It took me one lunch to figure out how it all worked, but outside of that, it was super.  Their Asian buffet was really, really good.  We opted for the buffet over the 2-entree meal - for an extra $1.50, we could sample everything.  Knowing what I know now, I'd go back and get the 2-entree meal and still be plenty stuffed...  I really liked the chicken egg rolls - you could see the meat, and they weren't too cabbagy.  The sesame chicken was fantastic, too.I appreciated the dining area for eating in.  Carrying out would be just as slick when in a hurry.  I will eat here again (and again... and again...).  Prices were quite reasonable.
1	The managers of both the Italian and Asian counters are extremely rude and pushy, I think their names are Tom and Jamie.  You would also think such a huge store they would have a decent selection.  Way over priced too.  I would recommend going elsewhere, a place where managers actually care for your business.
5	I dig this grocery store. They carry a wide variety of products, both brand name and local stuff. More importantly than the items they're selling, this Hy-Vee delivers a customer experience second to no one else in the area. They're not perfect, they make mistakes, but they stop at nothing to take care of the customer and make things right. I can't imagine shopping for my groceries anywhere else.
4	This place bridges the gap between Costco and Metcalfs for people who want nice things but can't afford them.More importantly, they have one of the best alcohol selections in town-- their bourbon selection is as good if not better than Steve's, and theyve got a ton of local and regional beers. Good stuff.
5	Great location, delicious breakfast and awesome waitress (Katelyn). I like to shop here. Always nice and clean. Also great selection of beer.
5	The bakery is amazing! I ordered a birthday cake for my 4 year old that was decorated to order for $20.  It tasted great too!  Last year, I spent $65 for an equivalent cake from a specialty store. Loved it! The store is great all around though.
4	Shopping at Hy-Vee is a bit of an experience.  It is such a huge store with so many different things to offer that it really has something for everyone.  I don't do my grocery shopping here but I am completely addicted to their Chinese food.  It is a great value and is usually pretty fresh.  They also have a great liquor section that could really be its own little store.  The service here is also really great!  Everyone that I have interacted with has been very pleasant.  I have also been to their Sunday brunch a few times.  I seriously think that it is one of the best values in town. It is $15 and you have access to their entire hot bar.  This means that you can have bbq, chinese, american, Italian, salad bar, and whatever else they have.  I have actually come here simply for this and have not been disappointed!  It is obvious that Hy-Vee puts a lot of effort into ensuring that the customers have a great experience at this location.
5	This place has amazing food from the deli, the sushi bar, etc. The foods rotate basically everyday, so there's always something new to try. There's a nice sitting room where you can eat and hook up to the wifi and work. Other than the fresh food though, the variety of "grocery store food" is splendid as well. They have a nice gluten free section, a meat section, a bakery section, etc. Much better than Walmart, and about the same price.
