5	Its the remodeled Polar Ice. I will add more details on this review later today. Its the grand opening and we get to skate for free.
4	AZ ICE Gilbert is the new name of what once was Polar Ice Gilbert.  It is under new ownership.  AZ ICE is our home rink and we have been skating there for many years with our kids either figure skating and playing hockey.  I am very excited about the changes we have seen so far for the betterment of the rink and the community.  I know that they are continuing to make changes and I am very hopeful about all the good things that we are seeing.  The ice conditions have already improved, the cleanliness of the facility is noticeably improved and the cafe seems to be headed in the right direction.  The grand opening was a nice event.  There was free food, games, music and face painting.  The mayor of Gilbert was in attendance as well as, the new owner and many from the Gilbert Parks and Rec department.  It was nice to see everyone all there together, unified, as this was a long process to get to this point.  Business transitions are hard and take time and I am willing to take time and evaluate those changes as they happen.  I hope to be able to come back after some time and amend my review and make it 5 stars!
1	This place is truly inept. It's as if they want to alienate customers. I belong to a hockey club that rents the ice at AZ Ice Gilbert for regular games (and did so when it was Polar Ice). When I arrived for a game scheduled for 5/22/2014 at 7 p.m., I learned from other members of the club that the rink had canceled the game without notice.So I went to speak to the manager to complain. He informed me that the game was not on the schedule for the month that he sent the club manager in April. When I indicated skepticism, he offered to let me see the email he had sent with the schedule. I agreed, but when we both went to his office and looked at the email and schedule it turned out the club game for that evening was in fact included. Amazingly, he then went on to claim that the game was not included on another schedule on his hard drive. I started to explain that it didn't matter what was on his hard drive and that the only thing which mattered was what he sent the club manager, but this turned out to be moot. Before I could finish, he had opened the other schedule, and it turned out he was wrong again! The game was included there as well.Throughout this experience, the manager's attitude was defensive and angry, never  apologetic. (The same was true of the customer service representative I initially spoke to.) He did not seem embarassed that he had made this mistake or that he had falsely blamed the club manager for his error.At the end, he apologized, but he seemed far from sincere. He did not seem to care that his mistake had inconvenienced about 22 of his customers and caused them to prepare for and travel to a game that never took place.If this is an example of the type of customer service we can expect from the new management, I am not optimistic about the future of this rink.Update 6/30/2014: Called during listed business hours to find out if they offer skate sharpening services. Went immediately to voice mail, which promised a call back. Finally received a call back exactly 24 hours (to the minute!) after my initial call. They do offer skate sharpening, so that's nice, but this was still a pretty dismal example of customer service.
1	Just watched new staff members put over 15 pairs of loaner skates away without disinfecting them. My daughter's been figure skating here for over a year.  Never had any issues until new ownership took over. The place is going downhill and needs a lot of revamping. New owner stopped free skate before practice,  lost my payment and places the figure skaters on the south pole ring (which is freezing has no arcade game or snack bar/tv to entertain restless siblings) while the north pole ring is completely vacant. Hopefully this is just some growing pain and will improve with time. Until then, my daughter will be finding another hobby.
1	If you're looking for a place to play adult hockey that is a playground for fathers of youth hockey players, who can come close to committing a crime on the ice without ever having to answer for it, this is your place!  If not, I'd look elsewhere.
1	My son plays in a youth hockey league here and has for over three years.. New owners took over and it has gone from ok to worse.. The kids play at the South Pole where there is no "real" bleacher seating to watch the teams play. Nevermind that it is freezing in there.. The travel team practices in the North Pole where no one is really paying attention to them.. But I guess when you pay $3000 vs $800 it apparently doesn't matter. Or so the owner told an upset parent.. The games are late.. 8:00. On school nights and there is no consideration because they pay less to pay.. Let's see how much money is lost when parents don't sign there kids up next year for this sub-par excuse for a league.. Who suffers the most? The kids...
3	It is an ok ice rink.  Cleanliness is questionable. I signed up my 4 year old for skating lessons and the only reason I go here is because it is the closest rink to my house and I think I can deal with the run down facility as long as as my child learns basic skating.  Once he's proficient, I'll look for another place in the valley.His instructor Ms.Susan is 5-star worthy.  She is so personable and is great with preschoolers.  Most of the assistants are teenagers, and I'm ok with that. At 5 lessons accomplished, I've seen the lessons start and end on time with no time lost in transition.  The ice seems to be of decent quality, but again, all my child is here for is learning basic skating, not hockey or anything.
2	We were looking for a fun ice skating place for family fun night so we decided on trying Az ice. The ice skating was fun. The place could have been cleaner & the tool bag with the cowboy hat working skate rental is rude!! I would put him in the back somewhere behind the scenes so he won't have to deal with people. Halfway thru our kids were freezing little heaters somewhere would be a nice addition. Not sure if we will be back.. Maybe we will try it earlier to see if they have different possibly "friendly" staff.
