5	Fresh as a daisy, as it's just opened!  The coffee is stunning, they use a small range of roasters including dear green and steam punk.  On the topic of coffee, I've had 2 flat whites here all ready and both went with no sugar!  That  is something for me not to have ANY sugar in my coffees.  It's just got a nice balance about it.  Not too much, not to bare.
5	One of the newest additions to the Tollcross scene, Machina is only small by its size.  Fabulous coffee, good cakes, great service!  And you can buy all your coffee geek gadgets as well.
5	They've got great hand pulled espresso, and the chemex is great for sitting in. A nice selection of beans from local roaster Steampunk, and more coffee paraphernalia than you could fit into one flat.
5	Fantastic coffee, I would hazard to say best coffee in the Tollcross area in fact. With a selection of beans from local(ish) roasters Steampunk, there really is something for everyone.  In case you're feeling peckish, there's a selection of pastries on offer, of which I can vouch that the almond croissant is amazing!Not only do they have great coffee & pastries, they also sell all the coffee kit you need to make a great cuppa joe at home. They also run brew method classes which would make a great gift for the coffee aficionado in your life!The walls are often adorned with art from local artists which is a great showcase of local talent.It was super quiet the day I went in so there wasn't much of an atmosphere or vibe. Although with seating for about 10 and no soft furnishings to absorb any noise, I can imagine it could get quite loud when they're busy.
5	I've mainly had takeaway coffee from this little diamond of a cafe and I must admit that it's pretty solid. Their flat white is very well made and the cakes etc are nicely complimentary and well priced.There are lots of nice coffee things to look at while you wait for a takeaway coffee or alternately chat to the lovely staff members about the weather or coffee or something! Great for a last minute birthday aeropress or some sort of super expensive pouring kettle if that's what you're after.Great location and nice feel to it.
5	Machina Espresso has absolutely delicious coffee! When I was headed to the Meadows Festival and the rain moved in temporarily, we made a beeline here to take shelter - it was a great excuse to try their coffee! They not only have high quality hot coffee but also iced coffee that is really spot on. The space is small and we got one of the last tables. It's cosy but it's a cute place with a great selection of coffee-making kit and gadgetry if you're further inspired to see if you can beat their coffee-making skills at home. The selection of baked goods looked tasty, too. Machina Espresso lived up to and surpassed my high expectations!
5	This is one of the nicest coffees I've had yet in Edinburgh. The service was a wee bit slow, but that was only because the barista clearly took her coffee making very seriously and was putting love into each cup of steaming java.Machina Espresso seems like somewhere that you could always rely on receiving really good quality coffee from. One of my non-coffee loving friends even exclaimed in delight, 'oooh this is what coffee is MEANT to taste like!', after sampling the goods. I'm only sad that I don't live any closer - I could definitely fancy becoming a regular here!
5	Fantastic. They are passionate about coffee and it shows. They source some of the best beans in the city. Their excitement for the coffees they find comes through in each chemex. It takes a while to brew the way they do but it's worth it. I had an Ethiopian Konga that tasted of blueberries and I kept coming back for more.If you are looking to buy beans they have a great selection and are able to help you pick some great coffee.
5	This is the best coffee I have found in Edinburgh.  It's clear that the staff really cares about the quality of the coffee as well as the tiny subtleties involved in making perfect espresso.  There's free wifi, and reasonably priced soup as well.
