5	Although a bit pricy compared to MEC, their service is really helpful. Location is also convienent for people that live in the pleateau. Rental service beats bixi's in my estimation.
2	A fine shop for commuters and had nice rental bikes.Prices seemed high ($38 a day for a simple town bike w/ a kiddie bike seat).  I was very disappointed to be charged $20 for being one hour late.  As the floor manager said, "it could have been $28".  That type of charge simply seems excessive - but se la vie if you are on holiday.Bixi is way better, easier.  Unless you have to have the bike seat for your kid.
5	We were very happy to find this place! Their very reasonable price -$26 for 24 hrs- meant we could ride all over the city. And we did! My boys and I asked for some suggestions as to where to go, and we were given great tips. They seemed genuinely happy to hear about our adventures when we returned the bikes.
5	My wife and I rented a pair of bikes here while on vacation in Montreal (Sept '12).  The people who helped us were very clear on what was covered by the rental (and what wasn't).  They were diligent in showing us everything about the bikes we rented and ensuring everything was in working order before we left.  They also gave us great advice about where to ride for good sightseeing.  We paid $15 per bike for 4 hours' rental which was plenty of time to see a wide area of the city (and cheaper than the BIXI system for a similar period of time).  The bikes were in great shape and were easy to operate.  Good equipment combined with nice people is a winner in my book.
5	JR is the best! They are helpful, speak English and French (and I think some other languages!), and always try to help you fix your existing bike rather than talk you into buying a new one. Prices are great especially for labour, and the wait time is usually way lower than expected. Free air pump outside and ideal location for people in the Plateau. Wouldn't go anywhere else!
4	Nice efficient bike shop on Rachel near St Denis. I've taken my bike there for tune-ups a few times and every time, they've done a splendid job of it. It's clean and well set up and the staff were friendly.
5	2 bikes, 4 hours = $30.00!!!! This is a must for any visitor looking for the best deal. They have hundreds of bikes available!
5	I know everyone in Montreal has their own bicycle shop, and they are all really great after it's MTL and we live to ride!!! But in the Plateau Jr Bicycletterie is like a pit stop along the bike path to the Parks. The staff is cool, but not too cool to talk to you, and the selection from bells to bikes is on point! I've shopped there before for pedals and other stuff but recently blew a tire, I bought a $6 inner tube and it ripped at the seam, I went in without my receipt, this may not be cool all time so caveat your emptor, but I got a better one, no questions asked. ***They restored my faith in humanity man!*** If you like bikes or even if you don't, this place deserves a walk through and a 'hey man, how's it going' and the karma will flow right back..Bonus: Free air pump outside on the way to and fro to Park Mont Royal or Park La Fontaine on Rachel.
