4	Seems like Political Junkie and I might be of one mind on this place. There's food, good food, great food, and good-as-sex food....Sophie's usually produces the latter. One of my top three choices in the Phoenix area. Very reasonably priced for what you get.....similar restaurants in Scottsdale offer half the quality at double the price. If a particular server ...that would be 'Jodie', a tall redhead....is available, ask her for her recommendation of the specialty of the day. We've done this twice and have been very impressed....the results have been delicious and memorable. Ordering without guidance, though, can be a bit more hit and miss....we've ended up with some mediocre entrees, a couple times. Well worth the time, travel and expense!
4	I'm a foodie. Spoiled rotten by years in NYC. I've been to Sophie's several times. If this review were based on my first visit, it would have been 5 stars. The pate starter is better-than-sex good and we decided that with the wine we chose, we could have just made a meal of it. It was just as good on return visits. The duck breast entree, is also a winner. Perfectly cooked and seasoned, served with a leek fondue that made me want to lick the plate [my mother raised me better]. The cassolet was redolent and rich. In a word: delightful. I dropped a star because during my last lunch there I had a turkey dish and it was clear it was old and leftover. Not a happy camper. I'm hoping it was a fluke because the rest of my experiences have been very positive. I've had great servers, have never been rushed, overall great.
4	We had a very nice overall experience at Sophie's.  My husband and I are very critical when it comes to semi-fine dining and we were pleasantly surprised.It is a very quaint, cozy restaurant in a very strange area.  We started with Escargot and French Onion soup. The Escargot were very tasty and traditional. The French Onion soup probably should have been a bit more traditional. It was a tad sweet and could have used a bit more brothy richness. We opted for wine by the glass. Whatever white wine I first ordered was not drinkable and they quickly whisked it away and replaced it with another wine of my choosing with heavy apologies.For our entrees, I had the scallops which were beautifully cooked, nice sauce and delish ricotta gnocchi. My husband had the duck and it was also superb and  very well cooked. Dessert was a bit of a disappointment. We were debating between our old standby of creme brulee and lime mousse calypso. We opted away from the safe option and went with the lime calypso. It tasted as if it had been refrigerated for a while. The lime mousse wasn't limey enough and the bread bottom was a distraction and not so tasty.The service was impeccable. We really liked our waitress and a man who we believe was the owner stopped by at each course to see how everything was. Nice touch.  Our only other criticism was the bread service.  It was warm which is a plus in my book but not that tasty. I think it could be easily improved. It was the right idea in that it was a warm crusty baguette but not that tasty.Overall, we would definitely go back there. Would we crave it? Probably not but if you are looking for a solidly very good dining experience I would send you here. It was very comfortable and cozy.
5	I've been driving past Sophie's for 3 years now and finally took the opportunity to go for happy hour. On Friday night they have half price bar appetizers and my husband and I split 3 dishes and were blown away!We ordered the escargot, which was very tender and delicious and had a very authentic, rich flavour. The smoked salmon was perfect with the creme fresh sauce and toasted baguettes on the side. The most amazing dish we sampled was the Noisettes de boeuf, which is essentially small tender pieces of beef wrapped in very lean bacon in a Dijon mustard sauce. This was seriously the most amazing beef that I've ever had and I'm typically not a steak person. We ended up ordering a second helping of it since it was really that good!We finished off the night with a delectable Creme Brulee and it brought me back to my days living in France. It was the perfect ending to an incredible meal.The owner of the restaurant is extremely friendly and sat down at the bar to chat with us for a while. The bistro has a very warm and inviting atmosphere and the patio is beautiful at night. This place isn't snobby like a lot of French restaurants and the staff is very responsive.We ended up spending about $100 between the drinks and 4 appetizers (BTW - the Mango Martini is to die for!) but the whole experience was really worth it. Tuesday night is ladies night with half-price wine by the glass and I'll be back again soon for that.keywords: french food 85016, french cuisine, biltmore area french bistro, arcadia area french food
5	Amazing!  From start to finish this place was incredible.  Great french host (Mgr?).   Great french waiter, helpful and funny.   The support staff was way above average always, plates cleared and drinks filled in a timely manner. I REALLY like the fact they don't rush you and try to flip tables, we were there about two hours. This is a quaint little stand alone restaurant that also has a small bar and a few tables out on the patio.  I'll be back soon just to visit these areas.   We started with a nice bottle of french wine.For the appetizer:Brie en CrouteCreamy Brie coated with toasted almond slivers andwrapped in puff pastry, then baked, served with toastedbaguettes and port reduction The main courses:Poitrine de Porc ProvencalePan roasted pork tenderloin crusted with herbs d'provenceand served with sweet corn and goat cheese polenta fritters,sauteed pea tendrils with grape tomatoes and leek fondueAnd...Coquille Saint-Jacques a la SophiePan seared Sea Scallops served over sauteed ricotta gnocchiwith a citrus and shaved fennel baby arugula saladfinished with tarragon beurre blancFor Desert:Raspberry BruleeChambord soaked fresh raspberryinfused in vanilla creme brulee----- I need to get creative and come up with more birthday's, anniversary's, holidays, or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often.
4	I'm always a bit wary of foreign foods -- I like what I like, and it takes something for me to branch out and try something new. French food is on the list of things that I am more than willing to consume, and so I was very excited to try Sophie's while visiting in Phoenix/Scottsdale.The restaurant is in what appears to be a converted house, and so it's small, intimate and quiet (even with tables placed very close together). The host is very attentive and seated us promptly, with menus and compliments to boot. The menu is quite simple but straightforward, with the entrees titled in French but clear, English explanations below (for those who may not understand the language). The wait staff is very cordial and unobtrustive, unlike the busboy who typically made a show of clearing the table when you were done with a plate (-1 star for that).The food was excellent and well done, exactly to specifications -- upon ordering the prime rib, as I did, I was asked if I wanted end pieces or the center cut (something which I'd never been given the options for). The dessert was also excellent, with wonderful Illy espresso and coffee to finish.
3	I've eaten lunch at Sophie's several times and have always been impressed.  What this restaurant does with an omelet should be patented.  That said, my  experience with dinner is not so favorable.  My wife and I recently joined friends for Sophie's prix fix dinner with wine parings.  The meal started with fried sweetbreads.  Frankly, sweetbreads are generally too delicate for frying and this was certainly the case with our meals.  Chewing and tasting of frying oil, they were the worst sweetbreads I've eaten.  To top it off, they paired the dish with a cloyingly sweet rose that tasted more like Two-Buck Chuck than a serious wine pairing.  The meal did not improve any with its scallop or short rib courses, both of which were paired with equally unctuous wines.  The coup de gras was the gelato dessert, reminiscent of cheap raspberry sherbet.  Sophie's can do better.  For almost $80pp, they darn well better start soon.
2	I don't really have to much to say about Sophie's.  The food wasn't bad, the service wasn't horrible... it's just that my overall experience wasn't what I'd have expected from a restaurant that touts such an amazing reputation for fine French cuisine.  It's not often I leave a place so hungry for the experience I didn't get to have.  . Again, the food was not bad, but I'm not sure If I will ever be back.
5	This is easily the BEST RESTAURANT i have ever been toI love french food, and this is the very best I have ever had. Amazing service (the owner is such a nice guy), amazing service and the atmosphere is cozy and romantic (perfect for a date).I agree with some of the other raters-- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10. Try the duck and the beef bourguignon!
2	Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD, that took 45 minutes to come out, at least I Love Genie, was on the TV.
2	The actual restaurant is fine, the service is friendly and good.I am not going to go in to the food other than to say, no.Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no.
5	Sophie's in one word?  Perfect.I only go twice a year to celebrate the end of the fall and spring semesters.  Why?  Because I don't want it too become familiar or stale.  Yes, it's expensive, but you get what you pay for and Sophie's doesn't disappoint.Dining is an experience.  You put on shined shoes and a tie and make reservations.  I like to go around 5:30 because it's usually not that busy.  The dining room is inviting, calming, welcoming.  You can have a conversation without having to raise your voice.  I always make it a point to try something way out of my comfort zone:Lobster Bisque -- the last thing I eat before I die! sweet breads (a.ka. brains) -- ethereal...gooey, runny cheese -- salty and tangypate (goose liver) -- creamy and so flavorfulThings I wouldnt' have eaten in a million years are some of the best things I have EVER eaten.  Sophie's just invites you to be daring.Do you wait for your food?  Yes!  But that is the best part.  You can have a conversation with your date, you can relax.  They don't make you feel rushed so why should you take on the responsibility yourself?  Just enjoy yourself.  The food is coming.So many places are so desperate to turn over tables that diners adopt the same mentality.  Gotta get my food fast, gotta eat it fast, gotta get out of here!  I love Sophie's because I can take the time to appreciate everything.  It is just so wonderful to find a place like that to look forward to every year.  It's worth the wait.
4	I've always been a fan of Sophie's A French Bistro and why not!?! This is just a great French bistro serving classic dishes on clean white table clothes. Serge is the consummate host and makes all feel welcome whether dining at the bar or in the dining room. Hot rolls and real butter, always appreciated. Micro green salad in a French vinaigrette, very nice. French onion soup, bubbling cheese - yum. Garlic laced escargot (would 2 orders be too much?). The steak with fries - what is not to like? Try it too for special events, such as the French crepe dinner... Desserts are lovely, too. Sophie's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown Phoenix and the Biltmore-Camelback corridor.
5	Dottsy Z. and I met here last week to try their new happy hour and we had an amazing time! The weather was perfect, the patio beautiful, and the company was amazing.Their happy hour menu featured a nice variety of white and red wines, all for $6, plus we tried the escargot, pate, and frites as well. We spoke to chef, who was very knowledgeable and able to accommodate gluten free items, especially if you call a day or two in advance. We topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles, which capped off the evening on a perfect note.
4	French food--yummy!  Had the duck confit cassoulet.  It was great.  The duck was melt in your mouth tender, the beans and sauce delicious. It was a very affordable $24.00 which included a small salad.  I would ask one thing--get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu.
4	I've always loved French cuisine and thanks to Sophie's I have found another great French restaurant. The restaurant has a cool background/story is fairly acclaimed in Phoenix but doesn't boast it when you're there.  The waiter we had was French and has the quintessential French accent, which always adds to the experience.The FOOD: We went for Mother's [to be :)] Day brunch. $49 a head, which was a bit steep for the overall selection of food. But the items on the menu were great. Pork loin, a chicken piccata sort of dish, smoked trout, some pate, salmon and a ton of fresh fruit.  Omelets were made to order and mimosas and bloody's were great. There was also a variety of nice breads and cheeses. Can't wait to go here for dinner sometime. Wine list please.
4	I had never heard of Sophie's Bistro before I went last night, but can now say that I am a big fan.It was very quiet when we arrived, but I suppose 8:30 pm on a Wednesday night is late for many Valley diners. The owner greeted us right away and was very friendly, and happy to find out that my date was French. I liked how simply decorated and cozy the restaurant was, and felt more like I was dining in someone's home in Paris rather than at a restaurant in the middle of the desert, with French pop tunes wafting in the background. I ordered the Magret de Canard, and it was absolutely delicious. The duck was cooked perfectly, and the skin had a lovely crisp texture. It came with a rick leek fondue and savory potato boulangere that paired nicely with the duck. My date had the filet mignon dressed with brandied green peppercorn cream, which was melt-in-your-mouth tender. We chose the 2007 Jaboulet red wine that was light, and went well with our meals. We ended with a cocoa-dusted creme brulee that was huge, and quite tasty but a little on the sweet side. Overall, I thought the place was lovely and will definitely go back, perhaps in the fall to enjoy the patio.
4	4.5 starsI had my first date with Jessica F here! It was supposed to be a big group (yeah you FLAKES) but it ended up being just her and I and we were treated like ROYALTY!Let me get some disclosure out of the way: Thomas was our server, and he is also a friend of mine. That being said, he was professional and courteous. He definitely had his "Top Notch Waiter" hat on that night. You probably wouldn't have been able to tell we are friends.We indulged in some of the wine specials for their happy hour. Each glass I had was only $6. We decided to try the escargot (nice and garlicky), the pate (delicious) and the frites (they were frites). The main event of the night for me was the Beef Bourguignon. Omigosh, friends! I dream of this dish to this very moment. The beef was perfectly cooked and the burgundy sauce was FANTASTIC. WHEW! Did it just get warm in here? I was so full and happy after that amazing meal!I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!
5	The owner Serge was very French, but his head chef was not. I loved that their head chef came from another culture. He had fallen in love with French food. So much so, he had moved to France to study it there. The dishes he created were perfectly delicous. I remember his filet with crushed peppercorns; it was soft and buttery. The peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering. The quail was delicate and succulent. The salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection. His chocolate spice cake was phenomenal. It contained seven spices. I can't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone. It was unique. It was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every French restaurant. Unfortunately, he's not there anymore. Regardless, my rating will remain until I have a chance to go back and say otherwise.
4	Sophie's serves consistently good, authentic food and has fun French bistro atmosphere.  The menu changed from the last time we were there, and while it didn't bother me, my boyfriend was disappointed about the absence of mussels on the dinner menu.  We got escargots instead - the 1st time I'd tried that.  Everything seems really fresh, and service is attentive.  The manager on a recent Saturday night seemed to know exactly what every table ordered and how much they had eaten.  He was concerned that I wasn't eating my crepes - too full on everything else including the cold avocado soup.  Duck confit cassoulet was sold out by 7pm on Saturday but the boyfriend's coq au vin was apparently quite good.  I had sea bass and gumbo crepes - surprisingly good.  Wine list - meh!  For dessert, we're creatures of habit and always get the apple tart.  They give you yummy little truffles with the bill.  It's quaint, quiet, and delicious.  p.s. Thomas is an awesome waiter, and I don't know him personally.  :)
3	Visited Sophie's for their happy hour menu. It was ok. The location appears to be former residence converted to a restaurant. Small parking lot. Interior decor is retro and very plain. The front patio is surrounded by a hedge under a large pine tree which is a nice place to be seated if the weather is good. If you do sit at the front patio you will hear the traffic along Indian School Road especially during the midweek rush hour. There is definitely better French cuisine in town, but if you want a little French place that is centrally located, Sophie's is decent selection.
3	Came for a business lunch.  Started with a cheese plate and baked brie.  The baked brie was just as it should be, melting, rich and with just a hint of sweetness.  I had the filet, it was a little undercooked for my tastes but delicious especially with the pepercorn sauce.  Desert was an apple tarte which was good but nothing with a huge wow factor, which was a little disappointing given that this is a French restaurant and I was expecting something handmade and amazing.  Parking can get pretty tough, it's a small lot and service is a bit languid (i.e. slow)
5	EVERYTHING IS GOOD. It's not cheap and the atmosphere isn't real trendy but my experience was awesome. We came in on the restaurant.com certificate and had the best dinner so far in Phoenix.
4	Delicious French food...I highly recommend the beef bourguignon!!!  Their duck confit cassoulet was just okay, that was what my husband had.  I would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though.  It's nice that they take reservations!  A special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner.
4	Service and food were excellent. The restaurant is a converted old house and that gave it cool style and character. One caveat though...I would say that the average age of the other customers was about 60-70 years old.  I don't know whether that's normal or not, but all I can tell you is that my girlfriend and I are 26 and 27 years old, and we felt a little awkward.  Not a harp on the restaurant though, just something to think about.
4	Visited Sophie's for the first time on Saturday night. We arrived around 7:10pm for a 7:30pm reservation and although the place was maybe 1/4 full, we were told we had to wait for a table. We got a drink at the bar and caught up with friends.For starters we had the pate while our friends got the salmon rolls. Definitely not made to order as they were brought out moments later. They raved about the rolls. We thought the pate was good. Be sure to put mustard and honey on every bite.I didn't see it on the menu, but apparently entrees come with a house salad. It was lightly dressed. The rolls you get, though, are incredible. Don't be afraid to ask for more--they are generous with them. For entrees I had the orange duck. It was just ok. The duck was cooked well and had good flavor, but the risotto under it was a bit mushy and lacked flavor. I'd pass on that.Hubby had the beef and it was outstanding. Super tender and flavorful. Get more rolls to mop up the sauce. This is definitely the dish they do best.For dessert we had the crepes. They were also just ok. Frozen fruits on top, and you couldn't really taste the almond past (we think the menu was supposed to say paste) filling.I'm glad we checked it out, but it kind of just gets checked off the list. Not outstanding, but not bad, either. Three courses (plus salad) in three hours. We waited a LOOOONG time for entrees. It was brightly lit inside, so I wouldn't go there for romance. I think they have a room for private parties, if you're interested, since we saw a birthday cake go in and out :)
5	Excellent little place. Typical french. I ordered the beef bourguignon, which is a first. . It was delicious and well worth it.  Desert try the creme bolle.. yummy.The service was also excellent, the atmosphere intimate. I would definitely go there again.
5	Having lived in France for two years, I found this to be the most authentic food in Phoenix. They were very accommodating to special requests. The ambiance was beautiful and the restaurant was set in a little "pocket of paradise." Meaning one might not know that it was so close to 24th St. and not see it on a drive by!
4	I agree with Dottsy Z., this place is more like a 4.5 stars. We had a wonderful time with friends this weekend.  Good company always makes an experience so much better.  This is a really cute place tucked away on Osborn between 22nd and 23rd streets.  I cannot believe I have not been here before or that I never heard of it.  Service was great, we had Justin as our server.  We  started with the brie, it was very good, however when we got it our server came to take our order, so until we all got done with that , our brie had gotten cold.   I had the fish of the day, which was cooked to perfection.  My hubby had the pork, delicious.  Our friends had the coq au Vin and and array of vegetarian sides.  They were very accommodating and served my friend a beautiful all vegetarian dish, side of potatoes au gratin (they were YUM), ratatouille, and vegetables.For dessert, we shared a creme brulee, my hubby had the apple tart, very delicious and our friend had the bread pudding, also outstanding.  This is a restaurant that is so cute for date nights or any special occasion, the setting is so quaint and beautiful.This is a place I would gladly come back over and over.
5	Great place!!Very friendly service. Everyone was so nice. This place is very clean, and it has a nice, casual atmosphere.The rolls are outstanding!We ordered the lobster bisque, scallops, and coq au vin. Everything was excellent. The salads with the entrees were great as well. Wish we had time for dessert, but we unfortunately had a prior engagement.We will definitely return!
5	We went to Sophie's for their 7-course New Year's Eve Prix Fixe dinner a few nights ago. It was pretty pricey ($70 per person for early dinner, $85 for late dinner) but the food was very good and the service was excellent. Some of the dishes were a little challenging for me as I am not accustomed to authentic French food - we had veal sweetbread (look it up if you don't know what that is), watercress soup, rabbit and wild boar - but it was fun to try new things and I was pleasantly surprised by the watercress soup and rabbit dish and the escolar (fish) and creme brulee courses were awesome! The bread rolls are to die for. SO good. The whole affair took us nearly 2 hours and I was absolutely stuffed when we left. Best of all, despite its high brow menu, I found the restaurant very friendly and casual - not pretentious or uncomfortable for us French food newbies - even on such a special night. We even wore jeans (I called in advance to make sure it was OK and they said "of course.") The regular lunch and dinner menu is a little more conventional and less expensive. I definitely plan to come back. Their cuisine is not for everyone, but if you are a lover of French food - or new food experiences - you will love this restaurant.
5	My husband and I went to Sophie's for a date night and were very happy with the results.  I have the Beef Bourguignon and it was outstanding.  We were told it takes 3 days to make the sauce.  My husband ordered the duck confit, which he enjoyed.  I'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself.  We also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app.  De-lish!  The service was great as well.  Little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee.  So great!  We will for sure be going back for future date nights!
5	We have  been dining at Sophie's for years.  We just had our anniversary lunch (2/15). The server was by herself and she still gave us wonderful service. The food is so incredibly good.  We love this place!  Thank you Sergio!
4	My son and I went there with my family, and we thought is great.  The owner is actually Jewish or Greek, but he owns a French Restaurant.  Interesting eh?  He has added some French and some Greek influence to the dishes, as well as some Italian.  I might classify it as a European Bistro, but it was good.
1	Food poisoning for two, please...I am really confused by all the 4-star and 5-star reviews for this place. The 4-star average Yelp rating was the reason my wife and I chose to dine here during our stay in Phoenix. Yelp, you really let us down this time.So I was on company business travel in Phoenix the week of March 12th and my wife was traveling with me. We had a French impulse that Tuesday night and tried to crash Petite Maison in Scottsdale, only to find out that reservations were required and there were no tables available. The following night, still craving French cuisine, we decided to stop in at Sophie's French Bistro in Phoenix.The first warning sign was that the place was entirely empty during peak dinner hours. However, encouraged by the strong reviews on Yelp, we decided to go ahead and order. We took advantage of a couple of happy hour specials and ordered the following...3 Cheese PlateChef's PateCalamariCrispy Duck BreastCreme BruleeThe food was average at best. My wife and I both tend to critique food as we eat it, and we both found ourselves commenting that the portions were small and the food was overpriced for what it was. Most of what we ate was bland and the pate had a very odd flavor and consistency.The fun started about 4 hours later when we were back in our hotel room. We both started experiencing various internal moaning and groaning, followed by the onset of stomach pain. No big deal, I thought... By shortly after midnight, we were each fighting for time in the bathroom, taking turns to vomit up everything we had eaten that night. I'll try to spare you the details, but this was the kind of violent and uncontrollable vomiting that I have only experienced perhaps once before in my entire life. Needless to say, diarrhea was also involved.After going through this for a good two hours, my wife and I were both thoroughly exhausted and dehydrated. My wife even told me she felt like she was dying, and said that she had never felt this bad before - not even during child birth. o.OSo by around 2:30am, my wife was begging for me to call an ambulance. For a while, neither of us could get up off the floor to reach the telephone. I eventually found a break in the vomiting and managed to sip down enough water to recover slightly. I carried my wife out to the car and asked the hotel receptionist for directions to the nearest hospital.We drove to John C. Lincoln Hospital on Dunlap, which I recommend if you ever get poisoned by Sophie's French Bistro. I managed to get there without hitting anything, which was remarkable since I could barely see straight and could barely function at all. Once inside, my wife completely collapsed and was unconscious briefly. The nurses and doctors rushed her into the ER and brought her back around. They gave her a shot of morphine and then hooked her up to an IV drip of fluids. As I waited, I continued to experience vomiting and tried to keep myself hydrated. Despite being in a hospital, I was determined not to check myself in for treatment, not wanting to add further medical bills.Sometime around 5:00am, my wife was ready to be discharged. The official diagnosis was acute food poisoning. We were never able to identify the specific meal at Sophie's which poisoned us, as we both shared the same courses and ate equal amounts each.However - and this is the kicker - when the doctors asked us where we had eaten dinner and we told them it was Sophie's, they remarked "oh, that place!". We learned that the ER at John C. Lincoln has seen 3 other cases of food poisoning caused by Sophie's. The hospital took our information for the purpose of compiling a complaint against Sophie's with the AZ Department of Health Services. They told us that once they have at least 10 confirmed cases, then they are required by law to report the incident as a disease outbreak.This all would have been nice to know before we chose to dine at this place. I can only assume that the other poisoning victims either don't use the internet, or are still laying in a pool of vomit somewhere, too weak to write a review.Please, please, PLEASE don't put yourself through the same hell that we went through that night. After this experience, we lost all desire to dine in Phoenix ever again. Thanks, Sophie's, for ruining our trip.For the record, we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food, without food poisoning.
5	Had lunch today... wonderful crepes stuffed with filet mignon. Nice wine selection and service was terrific. We didn't need it, but couldn't leave without trying the lemon creme brulee. Wonderful! Very nice casual atmosphere.The food poisoning review is shocking. If you don't hear from me our crepes "stayed down" just fine:)
5	Brought my son here to celebrate him going off to college and wow, were we impressed.  Everything we had was delicious and the service was wonderful. We started out with the onion soup and the onion tart.  Both were amazing.  The soup broth had a deep flavor and the onions were sweet as could be.  The tart pastry was delicate and the bacon added to the overall flavor.  For entrees, I had the pulled pork crepe and my son had the pork scallopini.  Wow, pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you can't get any better than that!  My son's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light.  Dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for!!! I wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back!
1	The place was pretty deserted...I discovered  why. The inside has a slightly funky odor, like spoiled cheese and cheap wine. The owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what I wanted. I'm assuming he was the owner because he had a European accent and his clothes were better than mine. And he had an aura of arrogance and authority.That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one, then I'm steering clear of them in general. Sophie's really sucks.
