4	We used to line up at Pizza Napolitana in the freezing cold, and give up after 20 minutes, only to saunter into this place, on the corner of Dante and St. Laurent. I think a lot of people have discovered this little gem the same way, and this place is building up tidy little reputation for excellent service, great Italian soul food, and space when Napolitana is full.Put it this way - when we're looking for somewhere to eat hearty Italian when it's minus 20, Fornarina is starting to land in the first-choice spot, repeatedly. It's that good! Others have clearly caught on, because it's getting fuller each time we go.
5	Been going here 20 yrs, every time in Montreal. Could be the best pizza in the city (although this is a city with lots of great pizza). Everything I've ever had here has been excellent, from the soups to the salads, to especially the pizza, the pasta, you name it. There's a reason La Fornarina has been in business 23 years. Oh, I didn't mention, the pizza comes out of the wood-fired brick oven; so if you haven't had that before, that alone is reason to go. Probably my favorite Italian restaurant in the world, outside of Italy.
4	A nice choice for cozy warm cooking in a family atmosphere - a few other restaurants in Little Italy could learn from the lack of pretension and stress in here, it truly feels mellow and welcoming. The huge brick hearth in the room, the two floors with soft clear lighting, the open staircase and windows, all this may have something to do with an overall feeling off well-being in here. The pasta isn't wildly memorable, but you get a very tasty mound of it and leave fed, that's for sure. Dean A's review is dead on: Fornarina is providing soul food, and they are climbing up my list for where to eat when it's cold out.
3	They definitely get full points on service - its unpretentious, friendly and the portions are generous. The food isn't very memorable however - as far as pasta and pizza go it certainly isn't terrible and it even merits a passably "authentic" Italian stamp - but it definitely isn't the best that  Montreal or its little Italy have to offer!
4	Love this place. Good old fashion Italian food, good prices, good pizza too.So, many restaurants in this area try to do what they do and slap an expensive price tag to it. This place is where you can sit relax and not worry about a thing. The staff is great. Go try it, you won't regret it.
2	Food and price was good. But the service was lacking, the waiter never came to the table. He gave us a picture of water to serve ourselves! The first picture of water had  something floating in it by the way!! He opened up a bottle of wine and did not  serve us our first class!!! He gave us bread  without butter! He never check on us  to see if everything was fine. It was like he did not care ....
4	...so its World Cup time, Italy & the U.S.A being the teams i support, i decided to go to little italy to take in the game and get some grub...so i thought to myself, "lets make it happen"...i stumbled upon this place since it was on the corner of st. laurent, however it was full for the game...but the owner who was 2 feet away, while he was holding a cigar, asked me if i had ever been there before...said no, and invited me to watch the game downstairs with him and his friends...so we sat down upon the start of the game...the calamari, the mussels, the salsiccia cacciatore for starters where great, the pizza from the wood burning brick oven had me reminiscent of so many bites into slices of pizza that just made my mouth water...and i had some of the best bolognese sauce i have had in this great city...especially considering the price...and the atmosphere was intense and "tony the tiger's catch phrase", but keep in mind it was for a World Cup game...now i do recommend eating at this establishment, but not watching a World Cup match here with a bunch of italian's if you have virgin ears...ohhhh, the things i heard would make andrew dice clay blush, and over a soccer game nonetheless...so it is not for the faint of heart...but the best part was after...we all, and i mean everyone from every restaurant took to the streets, and celebrated the win with a lethal fever and passion, shut down the streets, flags, singing, and plenty of celebration...so try it out just for the experience, or wait until the Cup is over, and give it a try...i can only imagine its a lot better under normal circumstances...!!!!...
3	Hey... BYOB is cool but I wish I had known before I went in.... my bad bro....Maybe it was because it was super busy on a Saturday night in the Little Italy section of Montreal , but service at this place was a sketchy experience. The waitress was nice enough to warn us ahead of time that things would be slow, but to be honest she made it seem worse then it ended up being, wasn't GREAT, but wasnt a catastrophe either.The look of the place on the inside isnt really.....enticing.... real 80's basic look... lots of brown every which way... oh well I aint an interior decorater so what the heck do I know...Had ceasar salad to start... it was.... salady.... nothing special... just, salad. Followed it up with the ( i'm about to butcher the spelling) Stratchitella soup, which was definately not bad at all so things were looking up. For my main I had the penne arribata (spelling again I know) and again the flavour went up a notch here, the best part about this was that at other places i've ordered this dish, the heat kinda blows my tasebuds out of wack and ruins flavor for me, this wasn't the case here, real good sauce... well cooked pasta which i doubt was fresh tho... but i'm not horrible picky. So it was not BAD, but nothing i'd keep coming back for....
