4	During our stay in Vegas, one of the ways I kept cool from the scorching hot weather was to make my rounds at the Evening Call.  This bar offered bottled beers and a variety of frozen drinks, which included berry with Russian vodka, frozen strawberry with banana rum and more. You can order the ICEE style but real smooth frozen goodness in several sizes. Save the souvenir holder and refills are available at a discount. Add a few bucks for extra shots of Bacardi, Jose Cuervo and more to your liking. Perfect right after breakfast, lunch and dinner this place is located inside the Luxor lobby by the front desk area. Good and Friendly Service!...
3	This is a review for Evening Call located inside of Bally's.A friend and me told ourselves we would get one of those huge mixed drinks while in Vegas. Our guy friends were gambling and we were bored so we decided to grab one. They have premixed slush flavors and then you can add extra shots of alcohol for $2 each. I got the call girl mix with two extra shots of three olives cherry vodka. It was fairly strong cause I could taste the alcohol. Finished it in about an hour or so and felt a pretty nice buzz. Definitely didn't get drunk though. At least I have a souvenir to keep.
4	Evening Call.......Straw-Bama is my favorite!The Call Girlz is okay.
5	My friend bought me a Straw-Bama for my 21st, and the chick was so friendly! :D It was tasty, couldn't even taste the alcohol!Definitely buying again from there!
5	The big drink at these locations is 50 ounces of pure refillable goodness. Warning: can lead to shouting, stumbling, inappropriate comments, random grinding on girls wearing one-piece get-ups, long nights, regrets you will stop caring about after leaving Nevada, and liver damage.Mix the coconut rum (blue) and the strawberry rum (red) for a drink that can be dubbed 'Superman' or 'The Matrix'. When someone offers you a choice between the red or the blue pill, you naturally take both.
4	All around Vegas I saw people with tall and colorful daiquiri glasses, and I wanted one too. After some drinks earned from playing the penny slots in Bally's Casino, I just couldn't resist anymore and lined up for a daiquiri of my own. CocoLoco was delicious! I do not like rum in mixed drinks, but the coconut rum was good, and the blue color went o-so-well with my purple tall glass. Four stars for the price, but, it's Vegas, so go for it and take home the souvenir glass. You can even get refills ($8 for the $11 size)
5	Yummm yumm yumm!!!! The best invention to hit LV during warm summer nights. Sooo cold and refreshing! My favorite flavor is "Call Girlz"; it's a passion fruit punch flavor with vodka. The prices are pretty decent too. You can save your glass and refill it for a cheaper price :)
3	Strong daiquiris perfect for getting hammered. And you get commemorative refillable plastic cups. My blue one tasted reminiscent of suntan lotion. $1 extra for shots. Ridiculous and symbolic of all that LV is.NOTE: Don't get the Yager bomb!
4	We went to the one at the Luxor, and it was great. We tried a couple, and ended up getting half pink/half blue. Can't remember the individual flavors but with the shot of cotton candy vodka it tasted like...you guessed it, liquid cotton candy.32 oz for like $14, refills for 10-11 bucks, solid deal. Can't go to Vegas without getting one, and definitely worth the inconvenience of carrying it around day after day to fill it up since all of the daiquiri places will refill them. This is one of the tastier places I think though.
5	The drinks are amazing! They are a little weak so always get the extra shots!
4	Strawbama = best daiquiri I've ever had!!! The jager-bomb was gross... They aren't very strong, but I'm definitely going back to try other flavors!
3	I fucking LOVE my boozy slushies when I go to Las Vegas and Evening Call at the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor are the places to go. The drinks here are WAY better than Fat Tuesday's, and the smaller cups change color!!! I got a huge kick out of that. Seriously.The only downside is, whenever I go there, I NEVER get served immediately and the place is NEVER busy, so why do I have to wait 5 minutes for a "bartender" to pull a lever and dispense my goddamn booze slushy?I wish they would set these places up like they do in 7-11s where you can make the drink yourself and pay some Indian guy behind the counter. That would be so much more efficient, except they don't and I'm stuck having to wait 5 minutes because some "bartender" that looks like Ludacris wants to try and juggle some empty bottles and cups around. Jesus H. Christ pal, just pull the lever or pour the drink. Nobody needs to see your circus audition, and I have to make it the craps table.I also hate it, that despite all the bullshit waiting I have to do, my boyfriend still insists that I leave a tip for these guys. Why? All they did was make me wait while they pulled a lever and filled my cup. I don't tip the kid at the movie theatre who pours me my icee...what? Just because Evening Call has alcohol in it I'm immediately obliged to throw in an extra dollar? They should really just be grateful that I love my boozy slushies enough to put up with their bullshit service.Oh, and my favorites: Cocoloco and Strawbama (I like to mix them together)!
5	$10 got us double-shot frozen goodness (I fucked up and got the watermelon one first, the wife got the strawberry with dragonberry liquor and it was infinitely better.)  So we saved our cups and got a $5 refill later (I learned my lesson and got the strawberry one the second time.)  Goddamned Pandora's Box.  Now we'll get these every trip.
5	very strong drinks and good
5	I went here on monday July 2nd and let me tell you COCO LOCO ROXXXX it tastes smooth not too strong at all if you stay at the luxor they offer you free shots when you buy a 17 oz or higher but it is well worth it every penny trust. the customer service was awesome the lady is very friendly not your typical spiked slushy just smooth with coconut rum YUM
5	Only bought a BIG beer on our way to get more beer but it was great fast service! :)
5	AWESOME DRINKS!!!! Just remember to save your cup so then you only pay for the refill price :) and get extra shots... they are totally worth it!P.S.... you can always ask to taste/sample a flavor before you get it :)
4	Stayed at the Lux0r last weekend and got a big a$$ 50oz Margarita with a free premium shot. Now I'm no alcohol snob, not even close. But Jose Cuervo's considered premium Tequila?  Really? In what universe? Well I suppose it's better than Puerto Vallarta, but daam. Evening Call - LISTEN! I would have paid extra for some Don Jullio Blanco! CUERVO'S NOT PREMIUM!  You guys could have at least offered Cuervo 1800, sheese, oh wells.But I digress, the drink was delicious, the cup kicks a$$ and I had hella fun walking around @ midnight dranking this big ass drank like it was thing to do.  It really was a chore to drank from it while sitting at a table and eating the incredibly meeeh Mandalay Bay dinner buffet. But for walking around this cup's pure win.  I might take it to 7-11 since I have no blender and fill it with Slurpee and pretend I'm in Vegas. Now I'm back in Cali and almost ready to order a blender so's I can start making my own 50oz Margaritas. Hopefully I can find those big a$$ 2 foot long straws they use. If anyone has the lead on where to get them, please yodel at a brother!   Next time I go to Vegas I'll be returning to the Evening Call, and will be bringing my cup back so I can save 4 bucks!
1	Never again. If you want to pay 20 bucks for frozen kool-aid then you found the right place. Do yourself a favor and find a Fat Tuesday and do it big
5	Friendly staff, free samples, discounts for refills and tasty frozen goodness.I know that slushy drinks in tall plastic "souvenir" glasses are a dime a dozen in Vegas, but a lot of times they end up being too weak, too strong, or just...weird tasting. Evening Call is one of the few exceptions.  I went there 3 times in 2 days while I was most recently in Las Vegas. Highly recommend the Coco Loco with an extra shot of Coconut Rum.
4	This is tied for the best frozen drink place on the strip. I came in and used my Coyote Ugly cup and got it filled up for the same price as if I had purchased theirs. They unfortunately didn't have a margarita drink but I asked if she could throw some tequila shots in their and she obliged for a 2$ charge. I loved it and will snag one when I return.
4	Call girl mixed with coco loco is delicious at evening call!
4	This is the spot to get drinks at in Vegas!When you're tired of trying to score free drinks by looking the part at the penny slots, scoot on over to Evening Call to get your drink on for real for real.They were happy to refill our cup even though we didn't get it at this location and saved us some bucks.  The super nice lady working there let us sample all the flavors and then gave us some of her favorite mix choices.  We ended up on the 151 Mai Tai mixed with Strawberry Banana with a couple extra shots of 151 to keep the fruit to alcohol level more real.  Since I'm not too huge on the fruity drinks... (although don't let the fruit flavor fool you)  She did let me in on a 2 for 1 Guinness promotion they were running.  2 for 1 Guinness????  oh hell yeah!  Fill 'er Up!Oh, and not saying I would ever do this or anything... but if you get a big one of these and pour it into some non see through cups (like maybe a couple McDonalds large coffee cups), you can sneak the drinks out to the pool area no questions asked, even though they tell you you're not allowed to bring alcohol out to the pool because they want you to buy their overpriced alcohol AT the pool.  Just sayin.... not that I would ever do that or anything, I just heard you could do that from a friend of a friend's evil uncle.  If you get in trouble, it aint my fault because I would never do such a thing....
4	Friendly staff, free samples, discounts for refills and tasty frozen goodness.Definitely the buzz I needed before hitting the tables! :)
5	This frozen delight is located inside the Luxor.  I believe they are open until 4am.  Make sure you sample whatever flavors you are interested in.  Since it is such a big drink, you have to make sure you do not get sick of what you get.  I got the 25 oz. Wake Up Call with 3 extra shots for a total of $19 including tip.  The drink itself was pretty good.  Discounted refills are available as long as you present the cup.  Friendly staff members, who look  like they like their jobs.  I would probably come back again if I was ever in the Luxor area.  Sadly, I lost the cup, while playing at a slot machine, but this was right before playing in the Luxor tournament, which I won!  So all was good. :)
4	Alcoholic Slurpees = Good callGreat selection of various cocktails, served in ice-cold slushy form. It's a lot cheaper than some of the other places. On a hot day, it was a welcome addition to my palate.
5	I probably prefer this over Fat Tuesdays!This place is located in the Luxor lobby. The drinks are very "slushy"-like, and you can barely taste the alcohol (which is totally perfect for my taste buds)! Out of all the drinks, my favorite was the Call Girls-- which is like some sort of berry blend goodness. On top of that, you can get a cheap refill if you save your first purchased cup at this place (perfect if you are staying at Luxor)!Overall, this place was so delicious. The drinks aren't super strong, but it hits you afterwards. To top it off, it's never really crowded-- so yay for hole-in-wall spots!Turn Ons:- Slushie like drinks that are not too strong. Turn Offs:- located in Luxor, which can totally suck if my hotel room was far away from Luxor
5	Call Girlz and Coco Loco are the bomb! You buy the huge cups & you keep them for more refills for a few dollars cheaper... Love it!
5	The coolest bartenders... the most flavorful drinks. Get the 50 oz... add extra shots. Use the coupons you get from Luxor for free shots. If it's your birthday, let them know. I love the Straw Bama, Call Girl and Mai Tai. Jaegerbomb is delicious also. I LOVE this place... I was tearing these drinks up and praising God like a Vegas Heathen.
4	The go to spot for a nice frozen treat to combat the warm Vegas sun. It's tourist prices.. but what isn't on the strip?And a big plus is they will fill any cup for a comparable price.
5	I've had this place twice now and it's pretty awesome. I've had the Coco loco and Cal Girlz. You can't really taste the alcohol which is good. Haven't drank the full thing or either of them due to not wanting to get sick but so far so good !
