4	If you're looking for fancy, upscale makeup and beauty supplied look no further.  This place has just about any kind of beauty product you might need, men's and women's.  Also if you need advise or tips of any kind the owner Jeffe can definitely help out.  He spent 10 years working for Chanel.  They also offer some salon type services like brow shaping, facials, and makeup and eyelash application.  Just call in advance for them.
4	I had my first experience here today and loved it - very classy place with great products. Although not a very large location, what they do have is VERY good and you will receive lots of attention with determining what works best for you, and what you like. I loved this approach; I'm definitely more about quality over quantity so this worked for me. I worked with Kim, who spent a lot of time and was very patient with me (I am makeup-ly challenged). We spent about fifteen minutes choosing a lip gloss, and she directed me toward the plumpers which I like. She also spent about a half hour going over moisturizers, which again I am clueless with. After going through several of them and me still being unsure I said I'd like to wait on purchasing a moisturizer. Instead of giving me the roll of the eyes and attitude that some sales people give when you decline to purchase, she happily filled my bag with samples so I could try them out for a few days before deciding. Very nice!They offer several facials, ranging from $40-$60, and also facial enhancements, such as lip and eye treatments, makeup application for $35 for a night out, and brow shaping for $15. Definitely relaxing!
5	I've had a problem with rosacea for a while and my partner head Jeffre on the Cooper-Lawrence show. He recommended a cleanser and control cream. He showed me how to put it on and told me to do this twice a day. In less than a week my face is almost completely healed. He also gave me a samples to try. So far I'm going back to buy a Calma mask that I used yesterday. It made my skin glow, and look & feel rejuvenated.I paid $40.00 bucks for two items and it appears that it's the best investment. You have teens with acne problems go to Jeffre he'll hook you up! He's better than Proactive!
5	Jeffre Scott Apothecary is alive and well.  Any time I find myself in the neighborhood (Manor Theatre) I poke in this shop.  I am totally addicted to WALLETT Coral lipstick, it goes on silky smooth, it's the creamiest lipstick.http://wallett.com/It's a small makeup company and you can only get their products at Jeffre Scott.  I love this lipstick as much as I love the afternoon cocktail. I'm serious people.I almost forgot one of the most important tips, they have lipgloss with a click pen light and a mirror.. for nights on the town, when glossing your lips in the dark is much too dangerous.
5	I give this place five stars because Jeffre shapes my eye brows better than any other place in town.  He doesn't wax, he plucks which can be a little uncomfortable at first but you get used to it.  Besides, the shaping lasts a lot longer than a regular wax which makes up for the steeper price.  Make sure you call and make a reservation because he only takes walk-ins on certain days.  While you're there, take some time to check out the different lines of make up and skin care that he sells.  A lot of them are natural and don't contain parabens -- which I'm a fan of.  I bought a truly luscious lip gloss which makes my lips look so sexy I can't stop looking at them in the mirror.  Jeffre will also help pick out the right colors for you and I think he's got a real gift at it.  I'm looking forward to having my first facial there!
5	The ambiance alone at Jeffre Scott Apothecary will keep you far away from the likes of any lurking mega-retailer counter.  And nothing attracts me faster than a locally owned business that is run by an equally charming (on-site!) owner. From the boutique skincare and cosmetic lines (recent addition: cult-fave Eve Lom of London) to Facials, there is something for all skincare/cosmetics addicts in every price point. Jeffre is generous, too...not only with extensive knowledge on any of his lines but also with the lost art of sampling- yes you will leave with something fun to try out at home.
5	If I could a) live at and b) spend all my money at Jeffre Scot Apothecary, I think I could die a happy and beautifully made up woman.Walking into this stunning little apothecary is like walking into my personal heaven. My eyes grow wide as I observe the luxurious skin care products, stunning make up brands that I've only seen in magazines (smaller brands that you *cannot* find anywhere else in Charlotte - like Becca, Wallet, Eve Lom, Phillip B, etc.), incredibly kind staff, makeup artists and of course, Jeffre himself. While I haven't had a facial here or yet had my brows done, I plan on it. This place is oh so special and, frankly, I don't mind shelling out a little extra coin for great product and fantastic service in a local space. If you want a piece of my personal heaven, definitely take some time and check out Jeffre Scott.
5	Ambiance is Right!!!  Fantastic service!  Tonya P. (P. for Poprock Photography) introduced me to Jeffre Scott, the store, not the Man - He was not there that time, though he has been there each time I've been in since!  Since my last Lip Balm was confiscated I had to go back and get some more!  Beautiful Store!!!
5	I have always waxed my eyebrows and recently tried threading, I thought I'm going to go to Jeffre Scott and get an old school plucking.  I was dreading it on the way, thinking why did I sign up for this?  Jeffre was quick and painless, just a few tears.  I think they were tears of happiness because you are surrounded by all his hand picked cool products.Totally still addicted to Wallett cosmetics.  On my third tube of lipstick, try the gloss too.  I am not lying this lipstick is the best!  It goes on super smooth, not waxy at all. Jeffre and his crew.... call me.
5	Caci Thompson is an eyebrow GODDESS!  I followed her from her previous location to Jeffre Scott.  The shop is like a gorgeous little jewel box, and everyone there is very friendly.I've had my brows waxed for years, and always found it somewhat of an unpleasant, yet necessary chore. Plus, I have sensitive skin that normally stays red and blotchy hours afterward. However, now I almost look forward to getting my eyebrows done!  Caci has a magic touch, and such a calm manner. She knows how I like my brows shaped, and is positively meticulous about every last stray hair. She uses some kind of soothing potion afterwards that helps keep the redness down, and I swear, I can go longer between appointments with her than anyone else I've ever seen.Her space is kind of small, but very comfy.  It's located right off the main room, and you can clearly hear anyone out there and vice versa.  It's not an issue for me, but I want to make other Yelpers aware, in case it would make a difference to them. After one appointment during which I bitched about skin problems, she came out into the shop and gave me several samples of Mario Badescu products that were amazing.Give Caci at Jeffre Scott a try, you'll love it-just leave a little space for me!
5	Jeffre Scott Apothecary is a lovely little place full of luxurious lotions and potions, makeup and skincare products.  This would be enough to earn 5 stars but the real reason I gave JSA 5 stars is because of Jeffre and Charlton.  They could not be any friendlier.  And they knew exactly what I "needed" without me even knowing what I needed!  What brought me in was the brow service... no wax or sugar or threading here (my sensitive skin says "thank you!") .  This service is 5 star worthy in and of itself.  I think I just gave 15 stars?
5	I came in for my brows and Jeffre took his time and worked perfection! To the point where I haven't even been in for months and I don't feel like a furry gremlin!The cosmetics are all very high quality. I tried the double creamy lip pensil to start (we all know they dry your lips out) this one does not.  I always use a variety of make up  lines, so I am going back for more.Jeffre use to be a buyer for Barney's in NYC and it shows. He has excellent taste in the products he selects for his stores.
5	Carlton is the absolute best. He did a fabulous job on my brows each and every time. Exceptionally knowledgeable on products. I don't have enough good things to say about him!
