5	Wow. So good on so many levels. It's a gem of a place with great selection of wine, luscious atmosphere, the staff are friendly and knowledgeable, and the menu is full of wonderful little bites to nosh on. We went for a glass of wine before our dinner reservation and ended up cancelling the dinner plans and staying here... best idea all day.
5	Simply amazing wine and snack bar (if you can call calamari and chorizo "snacks").This place is insane especially on Thursdays during their 5 a 7, with line-ups out the terrasse. I was here last night and by 7:30pm, the place was packed.Great beer and wine selection where you can either buy by the bottle, glass or half-glass and with prices for half-glasses between $3.75 - $5, it gives plenty of room to try several wines without breaking the budget. Their snacks are also great. While you have the expected cheese and dried fruit plates, fries, salades, chorizo sausages, calamari, smoked salmon, options are also offered in either half portions or full portions with prices for half-portions between $5-$7. They also serve roasted chicken for dinner but only after 6pm.That's the food and drink. Let's talk clientele and general vibe. No annoying 20-somethings or Mile End hipsters, but an older working, professional or graduate student crowd in their 30's and 40's. The people are generally very nice and unpretentious. No posers.I'm coming back, that's for sure.
5	Great wine, great staff, great food, great prices.  Combined with great company, it makes for a great night.On a Sunday, there was plenty of room and we were totally unrushed.  Staff explained everything, and there was a full range of wines available for ridiculously affordable prices.  Decor leaned heavy on the woods, and is very homey.  Ordering is simple - circle on paper and go.  Like a dim sum restaurant or pho restaurant almost.  We ordered some chorizo (not the type I'm used to), the pate de volaille (so good), the Greek salad (not exactly a Greek salad save for the feta, but was good no less), a quarter of a roasted chicken (stellar), some other meats (good), the cod balls (perfect!).  Yum!!!!
5	This place is a gem. The staff is super friendly, the food is delicious, and the prices can't be beat! We started with some chorizo, duck rillette, and a deep fried fish ball thing (all really really good) that came on a platter with chopped almonds and pistachios. Then we got a risotto with some roasted meat and cheesy wonderfulness. We got a greek salad - that no joke, I could have eaten three portions of. It was simple - dill, onions, bellpepper, olives and cucumbers but finished with a hunk of feta so mild it was practically sweet. We also got the roasted chicken - dark meat was a lot better than the light meat - it was falling apart when it was touched with a fork. All in all, a great experience.
3	So good, great wine, intimate, away from the epicenter, awesome atmosphere. really cool tables (plus signs, and interesting), great friendly staff.We literally shut the place down at 4am, and they didn't even once tell us to get out (we were having a great time with great company and just didn't want to leave), one staff actually just started chilling with us. I've been told the food is amazing , but i got there at 1.30am.
4	The lovely Simone has great food, friendly staff and good atmosphere. We were in Montreal for the weekend and based on the other reviews decided to check it out. We arrived without reservations just after 9pm on a Saturday night to find the place noisy and busy. The crowd was literally spilling onto the patio outside, but after we were promised a 30 minute wait (which was accurate) we squeezed though the packed restaurant and waited at the bar. The staff were very helpful in selecting wines - our server especially was enthusiastic and passionate about the wine list and we appreciated his effort recommending the right wine to go with our food. The food itself was fantastic. The bouton de culotte especially was so good i will now be disappointed with any other goat cheese for the rest of my life. The mousse and duck were also lovely. We tried the clams, actually the only item that didn't totally knock my socks off - they were very good but i found the spicy chorizo a bit overpowering for the poor delicate clam. Still, we had a great selection of olives and a very tasty rapini and pancetta "salad" that all went very well together. Prices were very reasonable for the quality and experience. I'd definitely recommend and would go back on my next visit to Montral.
5	Well, it sure ain't the Skala. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. Buvette Chez Simone wasn't the first wine bar to open up in Mile End, but it's boldly gone where no Mile End wine bar has gone before: that mysterious two-block stretch of Park Ave. between St. Joseph and Mont-Royal, where distinguished tuxedo purveyors like Waxman rub elbows with head shops, carpet stores, appliance retailers, and other curiosities. When Cocoa Locale opened up on Park a few years ago, I predicted that it marked the beginning of a renaissance for the strip. Well, let's just say that the renaissance hasn't exactly been explosive (and the ongoing construction on Park ain't helping). Buvette Chez Simone indicates that the desire is there, though: this joint has been jumping since the day they opened. And with good reason: the food, with an emphasis on mix-'n'-match appetizers, is generally very good, but, more importantly, the wine selection is very well chosen AND very affordably priced.  In fact, I think you could safely credit Buvette with having started the New Wave of Montreal wine bars:  wine bars that are affordable, young, and positively buzzing with excitement.  Highlights: squash and rapini risotto, a good selection of charcuterie, and roast chicken in quarter, half, or full portions.
4	I am totally a fan of this place, everything about it just works.Love the martini's plus the snacky foods, like olives, cheeses and chorizo.The staff are very friendly just a great place to go as a couple or with friends and relax and have a good time.
4	The girlfriend and I stopped in here on our final night in Montreal and it quickly became the highlight of our dining experiences.  Friendly staff, great selection of wine (and you can even get half glasses) as well as excellent tapas style meats and cheeses.  I loved the sliced apricot that accompanied our brie and chorizo--never had that combination before but it worked!
4	Went recently for drinks with a friend on a Friday night. Good times, though incredibly loud. Casual, laid back, and we were impressed with how inexpensive our night ended up being. Under $25 for three glasses of wine (two were 'half' glasses, but were pretty much full) and a delicious cheese plate, plus bread. Stay away from the lower-end glasses, though (at least for the white wine). We tried six in total, and found the mid-range ones to be well worth the extra couple of bucks. Server was a bit of a space-case, but friendly enough so no big deal. We weren't huge fans of the orange electrical cables hanging on the ceiling - made it feel like they were in the middle of renos, though I'm sure it was intended to be industrial-chic. Overall, liked the place and would go back. I imagine this wouldn't be the best place for a date (unless your date is an electrician, in which case I'm sure the decor would win you major points), but for an evening with friends it was just great.
4	It's every bit as great as the 'hype' would indicate. From les accras de morue to the authentic chorizo (!) to the delicious cheese plates, this place delivers great French tapas-style cuisine that won't break the bank. It's look is typical of trendy Plateau restaurants but laid-back enough to have some wine, check some choices off the menu and enjoy yourself.
4	This was a hip and popular place we heard good things about. The food was all very good; the selection list not long and plates are meant to be shared. We had a couple of salads (Greek and Goat Cheese with Nectarine) that were refreshing and not at all heavy. A fish with a corn puree and delicious bacon was satisfying as was a small plate of smoked meat. Many tables were scarfing down chickens which looked fabulous and attested to the atmosphere here: a place to eat good simple food, drink well made table wines and laugh a lot. All of this for a very reasonable price. The hostess was very friendly and accomodating and the servers cheerful, knowledgable and efficient. A word of caution: this place is crowded and loud; It is hard to talk across the table and if you are over 40 you will be the oldest person in the place. That said the youngsters looked like they were having a gas.
5	Hang out for good looking francophone film people. Excellent snacks and wine. Beautiful place. Packed when you'd expect it to be.
4	Chez Simone is about simplicity.From the very unpretentious but nonetheless cool design to the relaxed and casual crowd, the essence of the bar reveals itself at every level. Special mention to the low lighting, cleverly set in small fenced glass boxes and in bulbs throughout the bar, which conveys a very intimate atmosphere and an outstanding design.La Buvette won't offer you fancy or creative drinks. Come here for the wine, either to enjoy it in inexpensive individual glasses or in a affordable bottle if you are part of three. The list is pretty diverse and likely to match all types of wallets. Aim for the 2008 Ciro if you are in the mood for a late night light yet flavorful red wine. The food is descent on top of everything, but be aware that your choice will be limited to 3-4 available dishes late night. Go for the chorizo, olives and blue cheese. Not memorable but definitely complementary.Chill and hip crowd. Everybody is welcome, from francophones to anglophones. Very loud, however.
4	I like Buvette when it comes time to hang out in pretty yet casual clothes with the pretty yet casual people in the pretty yet casual decor. Delicious cheese plates, chorizo, rosette de lyon, smoked meat on plates for sharing, nice helpful staff who don't mind taking time to suggest wines even when the place is bumpin' - all of this is lovely and helps my mind adjust to having such a chic spot on this formerly sweetly super sketchy part of Parc Ave.
4	Really cool wine bar that is busy every night of the week.Get the cheese and meat platter to share.The chicken is really good.The wine selection is excellent and the owner is really nice.
5	Great spot near Laurier.  Good chicken, better fries; cheeses and fried cod are excellent as well.  Wine by the glass is a good deal.  Try the Vin de France.
4	Went there for the 1st time last week with a couple of girlfriends and it now has become one of my top spots to chill out, tapas, have a chat type of place. Crowd is rad. Food is good. I'm obsessed with their fries and fish cakes. I.AM.A.FAN.
3	The ambience is nice, but it's always super, super crowded and the food is ok.
5	Love it. They are not trying to be something they are not, they are simply into letting people have a great evening out! merci!
2	Stopped here for a couple drinks before heading to another spot for dinner. Looked like a good crowd and it seemed like a happening little spot. Food and drinks were good but the service was terrible. We were visiting from Toronto for the weekend and our French is limited but the server seemed to be avoiding us at all costs and barely attempted to communicate with us. She actually came and cleared our food plates and didn't even ask if we wanted another drink (our glasses were clearly empty).I get there may be some language differences but in any other situation I'd expect people to try to meet half way. In the service/hospitality industry I'd suggest staff should be going the extra mile to make their patrons feel welcome. Unfortunately we did not.
4	This place is so cute. The vibe here is very relaxed and cool, the crowd is hip, the food was great, and the prices were decent. The servers were very accommodating and friendly, and were willing to explain everything to us... in English!We had a meat and cheese platter. The pate was sooo creamy and tasty and the smoked meat was pretty good as well. I loved that it came with fruits instead of pickled veggies, which is what Toronto platters usually come with. We also got the greek salad and the rotisserie chicken. The chicken was okay.. And the greek salad was a cool twist on the traditional salad - there's no lettuce or greens. Just chopped up veggies - tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, peppers - in a salad form with a generous serving of fresh feta.The only downside is that there's very limited seating and it may take you a long while before you can get a seat, especially on a weekend. That's okay though, because there's usually some spots at the bar where you can squish in and grab a drink and some food while you wait.
4	Me and some girlfriends came here for a girls dinner and it was a splendid evening! Chez Simone doesn't take reservations so we waited longer than we would have liked for a table for 4 (over an hour on a Friday night) but it was well worth in when we were sat at a bar table near the front of the restaurant. The wait staff was excellent, personable (and cute!), the atmosphere was lively (perfect for a Friday night) and the food and drink were both equally delicious. I particularly enjoyed the roasted chicken, which our waiter informed us was the 2nd best in the city - next to Ramado's. I really liked how wine and beer came in small and large sizes - allowing me to try several different varieties. I would go back again and again
4	Very nice place. Good wines. Having wine flights and paring options would be nice.
4	Love it! Always busy. Great food, great wine. I approve
5	Really loved this place - for a man who likes to eat bread with his dinner, everything went with bread.Great charcuterie (favorite was the house made duck pate), salads, and roast chicken.  I liked the big fried ball of tuna fish, too, but we probably didn't need one per person ;)
5	Absolutely love this place. It has a great atmosphere ( I have only been on two occasions when visiting from Toronto) and has a lovely vibe especially with the circular bar where you can see everyone.Great selection of wines and an attentive staff..... just wish there was a place like this in TO.
4	Very nice place and good food. The wine and tapas were excellent. The terrasse during the summer is pretty nice. I recommend this place.
5	Went here with some friends on a Thursday for a 5 a 7.  We got there at 5:30 and it was already packed.  We were lucky we got a seat.  Nevertheless the services was pretty good and our waiter was very helpful and nice.  The bus girls cleared our plates and filled out glasses with water fairly quickly.  We ordered some cheeses and charcuteries to munch on, as well as a beet and arugula salad which was out of these world. I liked how they sprinkled nuts on everything too!  We split a quarter chicken three ways and then had some dessert and were completely full at the end.  The final bill of each of us what not too bad, and I would definitely come back!
4	This is one of my favorite spot in the city. The food is delicious, the menu changes often, the cheeses and charcuteries are perfect and always well presented. The greek salad is fantastic!!! It is always packed however. Even on the monday nights. So you have to get there early...
3	Was there last night / it was hopping !Spent my first night here after a year away from Montreal. Love this spot. Relaxed, good food, cheap drink, solid music and genuinely good fun. Glad to see it hasn't changed.
5	Love the set up of this place! Might be one of the best wine bars I have been to. To call it a wine bar would be limiting. They offer a good selection of cocktails and beer as well. But alcohol is easy do right if you do your home work. Where this place excels is in it's food offerings! Everything on the menu is very tasty and fresh. Well thought out menu, from the fish balls to the salads. Looking for a great evening in a hip part of town, this is the spot. Lively crowd, a bit on the louder side of things. "I am sorry, I did not catch that" "I said, I think we should order another bottle of wine!"
5	Excellent! Not to be missed! The atmosphere and wine all make a great combination ... def a cool neighbourhood bar!
5	Start with the oysters served with a "Bloody Caesar" sauce. They were incredibly light & fresh. There were 2 of us & we got 4 1/2 portions of meat and 3 cheeses with a small Greek salad to split. That was plenty of food and with a liter bottle of their house white, the bill was still under a hundred dollars. Service was fantastic. Jared took great care of us and sitting on the patio meant the music coming from inside didn't overpower the ability to have a conversation.  Great spot for dinner & drinks with a date or a group of friends.
3	I enjoy this place when you want something a little nicer but not pretentious to spend a few hours in with good wine in hand. They have a large wine list with decently priced glasses and bottles, good food, and good service. It can get loud on a Friday or Saturday night, but that's expected at a place like this!Overall, perfectly nice place.. Just not the best/top of my list!
