3	Not one of my favorite Pawn Shops to browse when looking for stuff, but a few years ago I found a great deal on some golf clubs, so now I stop by here once a month 'just in case'.....Needless to say, I've struck out ever since.  However, once you've hit gold, it's hard not to stop and see if there are any good deals.Return Factor - 80%
1	I did not like this place at all. The store was messy and the merchandise was horrible. I don't know how they make any money off of selling stuff. The staff was very rude and had little to no knowlege regarding jewelry. I will never go back and I highly recommend driving south a few blocks to EZ Pawn.
1	Dont expect anyone to greet you here. Not only will they not greet you, they will ignore you when you ask for help, EVEN WHEN THEY ARE NOT BUSY! go down the street to EZ PAWN, this place has the worst customer service in any industry in VEGAS.
4	Time for an update....this was not one of my favorite joints.  However, over the past year or so, they've improved their product offering and we've found several pieces of jewelry at a great price here.I no longer find golf clubs here, but the improvement in jewelry selection bumps them up 1 Star for me.  Service here is so/so, seems to change when they turnover employees.Return Factor - 85%
1	I am so disappointed in the lack of customer service here. As I waited quietly while we tried to get a $15 credit my bro was promised by the shop manager Nicky, the acting manager Nicole came storming out almost similar to a pit bull ready to pounce on on a 5 year old. She barked for several minutes until I intervened. She then became defensive and threatened not to help if I didn't leave. REALLY what is this  . The DMV treats people better than she did. Never will I make a purchase from here. First impression means everything Nicole.
1	If I could give them zero stars I would, I was trying to ask these people a question yesterday & the first TWO times I called she hung up on me, then did not answer the phone the rest of the day, I called 8 times in total. Then today I called the first time I called the SAME lady answered &I could hear she was talking to a customer then hung up on me when I called back she was rude & sounded like I was on speaker. I will NEVER do business with these people ever, the other locations are nice. Idk how this lady got her ass a job.
