2	As my pizza search in Vegas continues, I happen to bump into an old time classic.Well, it's definitely better than Fox's Pizza Den.http://www.yelp.com/biz/foxs-pizza-den-las-vegas#hrid:4B-dZaSDj8ZOG1ffIurakg/query:fox%20denThere always seems to be a line of people at the location.  Now the location is on the smallish side and may explain the crowd.  How can people be so willing to settle for chain pizza?  Or maybe I should just realize this pizza is as good as it gets out here.I still believe I'll find something better and so my search continues.The first time I ordered from here:So this place is super close to my buddy's house,but we still call in since we're being lazy asses.  The number we called is out of service so we placed our order online and then called to confirm.  They promised delivery within half an hour but an hour plus passes and still no food.  Maybe we should've just drove there and picked-up food.  Famished and not completed intoxicated we decided to go out to eat.  As we're leaving, the delivery guy is standing at the front door.  Too late to hide.  Dude told us there's something wrong with the phone and offered us a free pizza if we drove by the place around midnight.Seriously?  We had other plans.We were going to be up five hundo at midnight.  All-in.  Two seven off suit beeaaatt . . . why are you laughing?  Is that a bad hand?
3	First, I cannot believe that there is a category specifically for chicken wings.  But I guess there's enough people who love their wings and places that serve them to warrant it.Second, why is Pizza Hut trying to market this place as a separate entity?  I mean they share the same location, phone number, and workers.  There's no need for the charade.But the thing is the wings here are pretty good.  I don't know what exactly made them so tasty (I may have been half starved or buzzed or both) but I'll give it to them.  You got your pizza, your brew, and must have the wings to complete the third tier of the ultimate greasy diet. Mmmmm grease.It's too bad it took forever to get delivered.http://www.yelp.com/biz/pizza-hut-las-vegas-36#hrid:x0l-cp-iYAYHgitAotWURw
1	This is the worst pizza hut EVER. It took over an hour and a half to have it delivered (the place is literally 5 minutes from my house & i ordered a fight on TV so I didn't want to leave my house to pick it up!) So anyways, I ordered a pizza with double mushroom on half of the pizza and when it came, it had maybe like 5 mushrooms on it. lol. And I am a buffalo wing fanatic so of course i ordered extra crispy wings with mild sauce on them. They were completely in-edible. I had one wing and threw the rest out ($15 in the trash). The food was also all pretty much room temperature when I got it.And the thing that irked me the most was that I was giving the delivery guy a cash tip and I asked if I should put that on the receipt I signed when I payed with a credit card. Can you believe this guy actually tried to trick me into putting down a tip on the credit card on top of his cash tip. lol.Never ordering from this place again!!!
1	It's hard to run a Pizza Hut.It's hard to run a Pizza Hut in this neighborhood.It's hard to run a Pizza Hut in this neighborhood when you aren't aware of when someone has placed an order online.it's hard to go back to this Pizza Hut.
1	Last couple of times we ordered from this locatin as it was close to the house and figured it would be faster.  Wrong!! took over an hour for 1 lg pizza and wings.food was cold and pizza sucked with little sauce or cheese.  Toppings were rather light too.  Guess they are trying to cut food costs.Location - Do you really want to buy pizza from a store thats right next to a bikini wax shop?Bottom Line (pardon the pun) - Look for other options like Marco's Pizza.
4	Called in my order at 10:30pm on a Saturday night, and I arrived 15 minutes later to two fresh piping hot pizzas with my name on them. The service was fast, the pizza tasted as I expect Pizza Hut pizza to taste, and the staff was friendly when I needed to change my order and while I picked up my order. I will definitely carry out again.Note, most the complaints are for guests that had delivery, I have no experience with this Pizza Hut and their delivery service
5	I am so impressed. I've always ordered from this Pizza Hut.. but tonight I ordered a stuff crust with chicken for delivery. It's a Friday night.. my order got here in 30 minutes. My order tasted like it had literally just been removed from the oven.. great service, fast delivery, good food. thanks guys.
1	ordered on-line Alfredo pizza at 8p and they called to tell me they needed to thaw more out and it would be an hour.  We decided to get the red sauce instead.  After arriving 30 minutes later they claimed out pizza was taken out for a delivery and a new one was in the oven.  waited 10 more minutes.  When we got home the dough was raw.  This is  the 2nd time in 6 months they have messed up our order.  I think domino's can get our business since they seem to get it right.
4	Surprised, but it actually was good ... yes, Pizza Hut and good. At least at 10:30AM, this is the place to be!
3	Order ahead of time! We placed our order at 1:45 pm for pick up at 2:45, got there at 2:40, paid my order and the guy said "your pizza will come out soon"... Waited and waited, pizza came out at 3:03!!! And it doesn't feel very hot! Don't know what's up with that... But so hungry did not mind anymore!
1	It's kind of funny ive never thought about reading or writing a review about Pizza Hut until they ripped me off.I understand that Pizza Hut is NOT a Real East Coast pizzeria so I really don't expect too much, but the one thing that I do expect from anywhere is to receive what I am charge for. I ordered a Large- One topping pizza for a deal they currently have going on right now and I picked up my order and yes the cashier did ask if everything looked okay? all I see is a pizza with the one topping I asked for. Well I take it home for me in my boyfriend to enjoy. The first thing he realized that the pizza is not a Large and in fact it was a medium and not a pan pizza. I called the location and spoke with Brenda who i had also payed with and she stated that "she remember my order and that in fact it was a large " Okay, I order a large and received a medium, and she doesn't remember that... They asked me to drive back to the location to prove it to them. No I will not go back out in this Scorching hot heat and waste my gas to prove it to you. The manager there was rude and very unhelpful... Take a look at my picture and u tell me if that's a large pizza! (I used a breadstick to help you visualize the size of the pizza)So I know one it was my fault and I should have took a better look at it before leaving but since seeing that Brenda was Employee of the month I didn't sec guess it. So big time my fault on that part. As a Customer Service "Horrible". It's not the first time I've had a problem with a Pizza Hut. My boyfriend and me swear that we are DONE with Pizza Hut for good never ever will we return to any Pizza Hut location. The only reason why we have been going there lately is because of there dirt cheap deal... Will dirt there food is and I will never give them anymore money! Hahaha!!! They got me for $7.08 witch will be the last any Pizza Hut will see me and anyone I know.
3	The fallowing morning Eddie another store manger called & gave me a $15 credit... We order a stuff crust & breadstick with our credit and everything was fine. Me and my boyfriend still agree " NO more pizza from Pizza Hut" lol
3	You literally have a fifty fifty shot with this location. My guess is depending on who is working. I actually like Pizza Hut on occasion, but you never know what you are going to get from here. Half of the time it is burnt and awful and half of the time it is perfect. If I feel like gambling for something cheap to eat, this is where I go.
1	This is one of the worst pizzas I've ever had. Super thick under cookef dough, barely any toppings. Ridiculous to even call this pizza!! Never ordering from here again.
4	I know there are alot of other pizza joints to go to but since I grew up on pizza hut I just keep going back I love the dough they use I would perfer numero unos but they don't have one here in Vegas. If you're like me and you like that crunchy crust type dough flavor pizza hut is the way to go . Oh childhood memories lol. Happy eating. Your fellow yelpie. Xoxox
1	One word... terrible! Nothing professional about this place accept for delivery time. The delivery man continuously knocking on my opened door, after I specifically told him I was I was grabbing my cash, and taking it upon himself to even step in my house! Then when I don't give a tip, has the nerve to give attitude. Bye! No class, no tip! Don't enter my house, especially me being a female alone, that could get you shot. Pizza hut needs to fire this individual, before they catch a lawsuit.
1	Pizza Hut has always been my favorite pizza chain but this particular location continues to disappoint.  Have ordered a variety of items on several different occasions b/c this is the most convenient location for me.  It feels like I literally have to tell them all the things to make sure they don't screw up the order.   The wide variety of mistakes is the most impressive thing about this location.  From putting the wrong sauce on my wing orders, to giving ice cold and runny sides of marinara sauce, to trying to give me hard old breadsticks with no seasoning on it, to being extremely cheap with the cheese that they put on the pizza....  Their time estimates are always off which either results in cold pizza sitting in the window too long or sitting at the pick up counter for an additional 30 minutes.   Staff is generally unprofessional as I often hear swearing and complaining about being at work coming from the back.  this place really is a joke and I am forced to order from less convenient locations.  I guess 10 or 11 strikes and you are out in this case...
1	Suppose to be Pizza with EXTRA SAUCE. NOT.  When I insisted on a refund the Manager in duty tried to tell me they have no way to refund an order placed online. DO I ADVISE YOU NOT TO PLACE AN ORDER ONLINE. He then told me that he personally made the pizza and he was "positive" he put extra sauce on it. I would order elsewhere and will for now on.
5	I had a waxing session next door at tbs for 830 and the taxi I ordered took 55 minutes to pick me up (they originally told me 20 min). Well it was 9 so I basically got kicked out and was left stranded on the street to die.After wandering on the streets for a good five minutes I got scared and decided to walk to Pizza Hut to asked the employees if they would be so kind to take me in. They said yes with open arms. Everyone was very nice, one guy even offered to take me back in his Charger... But I politely declined.5 stars for keeping me safe and warm. I'll never forget you guys, you guys are my savior!
1	Decided to write this review while waiting for my carry-out that is 25+ minutes overdo. This is the third straight time I've had this same exact experience at the same location. Will definitely drive the extra miles to find a more professional pizza hut. Signing off.
1	pizza hut sucks
1	I ordered on Xmas Eve pizza and wings.  Order was supposed to be delivered at 7:12PM.  I got a call at 7:15PM telling me they didn't prep enough pizza dough and and couldn't fill my order.  The giggling girl on the call was rude and seemed not to care.    They knew when they got my order they couldn't fill it.  They should not have accepted the order.  I see now why Pizza Hut is in such financial trouble.  Bah humbug Pizza Scrooge .   My New Years Resolution is Dominos Pizza!
1	Worst Pizza Hut ever!!! I've been waiting for my pizza for almost an hour after the guy said it would only take 15-20 minutes. There was a family here they had ordered delivery and waited for over an hour and their order never got delivered so the decided to come pick it up themselves. Got a cold pizza so they complained and it took turn about 40 minutes to remake the order. The cashier disappeared for a while so we all decided to call the place to get guy's attention and nobody answered. Wow!!!
2	I'm in the store now. 30 mins for a pizza carry out that I ordered on line. Waiting 10 mins. Phone has rang non stop and no one answered it once in the 20 mins. Lady walks in on her speakerphone and says I've been trying to call for 25 mins (pizza hut hold music voice over in the background. ). Waiting space is the size of a trash can and big kids play table takes up most of it. Feel bad for the counter worker, Curtis, maybe the owner Tom H (whose photo is inside) should hire some more help. Revenue would go up and your average yelp review would not be 2 stars. Got my three pizzas after 40 mins after ordering. Said it would be 30 but that waiting area is enough to make me never go back. And answer the phone!
