4	I've been stopping by Valley Estate Sale Company every couple of weeks since I moved into this neighborhood. While I don't always find a treasury, I do always get good customer service.Last night was no exception, and I found two Limon Cella glasses that are simply divine, for 45 cents each! Previous finds have been a small bench, which I sit on every day to put on my shoes; an electric clock that I broke while cleaning, and I really should just get it repaired; and other goods that helped make my home.
4	This is a belated review of Valley Estate Sale Company's estate sale service.  This summer my elderly  father passed away leaving a home filled with 40 years worth of stuff--much of it junk, alot we would have trashed.  Add to the fact that the house was in need of a thorough cleaning and most of the stuff hadn't been touched since Mom passed in '94.  With only one of my siblings living in Phoenix and needing to clear out the house we were referred to Norbert and VESC.  Bless him and his staff--'don't worry honey we can take care of it.  Your trash will be someone elses treasure". In 10 days they sorted through our stuff, organized and priced it, cleaned up the house and held an estate sale at the house.  Any items not able to be sold were donated and we (my family) didn't have to do a thing.  We returned to an empty house (which was bittersweet) and had money to continue to maintain the house till we sell it.This is a process that would have taken us weeks if not months and brought with it headaches and heartache.  In addition my nephew was living in the house so his stuff and room had to be segregated from the rest.  It wasn't easy and I'm sure in the heat of things Norbert wondered if he should have pass us up!  But in the end VESC did a great job for us and we will be forever grateful.
5	I had less than a month to rid myself of 35 years of accumulated possessions and was in quite a tizzy. Thank goodness I found Norbert! He was my life saver. He told me not to worry, he would take care of everything and he did. Once he stepped in my life became much less stressful and I was able to concentrate on my cross country move.
5	In September of 2012, my parents were going through a very tough time. Due to the economy there retirement fund was hit hard by the stock market crash. This caused them to have to sell their home and much of their belongings. In an effort to help them gain some income I suggested they have an estate sale. Lucky for us we found a great review on Yelp and I called The Valley Estate Sales Company. Norbert was the best.  He knew we were under a time crunch and even rearranged his schedule so he could fit us in a week after I talked to him.The staff arrived on time and ready to work fast the morning of the sale. Norbert and his assistant continued to be very courteous and sympathetic towards my parents and their situation.   The amount of traffic they were able to generate was amazing and almost everything was sold in just 1 day.  The rest of the items Norbert took back to his store location and my parents are still receiving checks as the remaining items are sold.  All in all I felt the team was very professional and left the house looking as good as when they entered it. Though this was a very painful time, Norbert and his staff made the experience pleasant and the total income from the sales helped them pay for the move. I will forever be thankful that I made the call to The Valley Estate Sales Company and I'm grateful there is a place like Yelp were people can find reviews they can trust.
1	Very pricey. Everything is priced as if it were a retail store. I know that people don't want to give things away - but a lot of stuff I see at these estate sales are ABOVE retail.
2	As I read these I'm glad they can help out the people that need help but as a consumer they are extremely over priced.  It is part of the fun in getting a good deal that we get up at the crack of dawn to hunt down that treasure. We want to feel like waiting in line at 7am when it's hot out was worth it.  We don't want to feel like we waited in line for  a retail shop to open with no sale prices on the racks. I think the prices would be better at a store on 7th. Where we can go at our leisure  perhaps after a nice lunch with friends.  The prices reflect the cute shops on 7th but don't offer the comfort of browsing to our hearts content.   My heart goes out to those that are undergoing hard times it really does but as a treasure hunter I'm going to look for my loot elsewhere.
1	Very overpriced and VERY VERY rude. Just left a sale. Wish I would have never spent my hard earned 20 dollars. Will not go back again. They make it feel as if you are a complete burden to them and snicker at you wanting a few dollars off. My total for some used towels a sheet and egg slicer and thermometer was TWENTY THREE dollars!!!! They wouldn't even do 20 dollars. Never ever will I go back
5	I read the other reviews, and those people must not shop estate sales often!!  I found very reasonable pricing at more than one of their sales!  The staff is always accommodating.  Estate sales are not yard sales, I wouldn't expect them to lower prices at the register!  I will definitely be going to more of their sales!!
