4	Yes...I am a fan of this Under Armour. If I am ever at the Las Vegas Outlets (South), I always make sure that I stop at this Under Armour.  You never know when they get deals and when they do, they are usually a steal of a price.  This store is a little smaller than other UA's out there, but it's clean, the service is good, and the selection is decent.  Because this particular Under Armour is a haven for tourist or out-of-towners, a lot of their stuff can be sold out by the time you arrive.  Always happens to me when I arrive here.  I see something, walk the mall, come back and it's gone.  Next time I will ask them to hold whatever I'm interested in, but rarely do because I'm still in the indecisive mode.  Tons of shoe deals, workout gear, hats, etc. Wish List:-I wish they would expand their line and have some of the merch that you can find in their  online store.-Deals:  One thing I found out is that each Under Armour may have different deals. I've been to the Ontario CA location and this location on the same day.  The CA location had one deal and this location didn't.  I've also seen the opposite. Overall, if you're looking for comfortable workout clothing and even casual wear, stop at this Under Armour.  The staff here is always ready to assist and even will go out of their way to check their back stock.  Just let them know what you're looking for.
4	I must be the last one to know that there is an Under Armour outlet in Las Vegas.  I've always been a big fan of UA products and often have to buy them at one of the sporting goods chain stores or on-line to get my fixes.  It wasn't until the boyfriend informed me that there was a location at the old Belz outlets (yes, that's what I still call them) that I finally visited the store for myself; the outlets are now known as Las Vegas Premium Outlets South, I believe.  The selection is typical outlet stuff, meaning not as varied, with some funky colors and older styles on the racks.  But, there are some good deals, too, with tank tops and shorts being offered at an additional 25% off the night that we visited, plus clearance racks in the back of the store.  They also have a shoe section.  I saw many items that I'd get for my son on a return visit since he's a fan, too.  This is the only UA store in the Vegas area, so if you like their stuff, now you know, too.
4	Always great deals here. Can be hard to find your size if you are common but it's worth a stop when in Vegas. The running shorts are very high quality and when they do a sale on clearance prices, can go for $12/each. I have a bunch now. The service is helpful and friendly, which is exceptional given how busy it is in there.
5	---Rant---If I could give you guys ***more than 5 stars*** I would!!!I was looking for their discontinued RU WORTHY Hoodies.  They had a few in-store but only in XL and above.  Suckage since I wear a medium!  I already had the blue one and wanted the faded black and great ones.Get this...the guy helping me said he'd check in the back...about 15 mins later comes out and says:UA Staff - "We have some in that size but they are at our off-site location.  I'd have to drive out and get them. It'll take about 40 mins.  Would you mind waiting while I drive out there?"Me - "Well if it's gonna take that long I'll just come back tomorrow night.  Will you be able to have them in-store by 5:30pm?"UA Staff - "Oh yeah for sure.  I'll go get them tomorrow morning. They'll be up at the front desk for you."His manager also came out to confirm this and to get my name and number so they could contact me once they had them in-store.Went climbing all day in the canyons, got back to the store later in the evening around 5:30pm...and there they were. Two brand new RU WORTHY hoodies, one black and one grey. SO AWESOME. Not only that but they gave me an extra 20% off for the inconvenience.  Original retail per hoodie: $40+. Got both for $30 and change.  EXCELLENT.---Overall---Service: A+Facility/Products: A+, plenty of selections, plenty of sizes available in-store and off-siteAtmosphere: A+, Under Armour stores rock~
4	A great place to get a wide range of workout/sports/activewear for both men and women. The store is pretty jam packed with merchandise. The only place to move around is the dressing room when trying on items. There were plenty of sales people to assist. I found the prices a bit high, but I think I am paying for a name which hopefully in turn means quality that is comfortable and durable.  Remember that UA is located on the outside of the Outlet Mall.
