4	We went to the Green Mango for the first time last week and it was excellent. The curry was exceptionally tasty (and spicy!) and the food was  fresh and delicious. We got quick service and plenty of rice, which is key when the curry is so rich. And It was still warm enough to sit outside on the sidewalk where we could watch the Regents Square crowd go by, which is fun.  Highly recommended - it's our new favorite thai spot in town.
3	Honestly not sure why everyone is so in love with this restaurant.  Mediocre food.  Ok prices.  Service is good, especially if you become a regular.  No reservations.
4	I've never really been big on Thai food, but the Green Mango is certainly a fun dining experience.  The place is very upbeat without cramming it down your throat.  It is BYOB but they do not charge an uncorking fee.Because I tend to like my food a little more basic (although I'm always open to new things), I like starting out with the summer rolls as an appetizer.  The consist of  leaf lettuce, mint, cilantro, basil, vermicelli,  in rice paper.  The dipping sauce is homemade, and I can really taste the difference.I like to get the steamed chicken, which is simply  chicken breast, cilantro. cucumber slices, and ginger sauce.  If I'm in the mood for something a little spicier, I like the grilled chicken with basil.  That is  grilled chicken, sliced onions, bell peppers,  eggplant, and chili sauce and basil leaf.For those of you with food allergies, they will custom-order anything to your needs.  The service here is very good and the prices are very reasonable.
4	After spending nearly eight hours in the car on Saturday, my partner and I were in desperate need of sustenance and decided to finally try the Green Mango.What a wonderful meal.I ordered the Drunken Noodles with chicken, which were good and spicy, a bit too oily, but exactly the sort of dish you'd want to order if you've had a few beers.The star of the night, however, was the bowl of Chiang Mai Noodles with beef. Wow. My first impression of the sauce was that it was a bit too sweet, but after the heat kicked in, everything was just right - the noodles were soft but not gummy, the beef was seared nicely and dropped into the hot liquid along with the noodles and a generous handful of veggies. It was really a big bowl of comfort food with this sweet, salty, hot, spicy broth.I'd go back for another bowl tonight.Another note - the meat components to both of our dishes (chicken and beef) seemed to be pretty nice. Nothing spectacular, but I'm pretty picky about the meat I eat, and I don't deal well with fat, gristle, or any of the other squirrely bits that one so frequently encounters in middle-of-the-road Asian restaurants. The Green Mango did a good job of sending out well-cleaned, tasty bites of chicken and beef. Thanks, Green Mango!
4	This restaurant is fantastic.  The pineapple fried rice is served in half a pineapple.  The beef panang and tofu panang taste different, which implies, to me, that they don't just throw sauce on something and call it "good enough."  Their bubble tea is also far better than Lulu's (yeah, I went there).The service was lame for a while there, but it was so much better last time I went; whatever was wrong is all fixed, now.
4	I enjoy coming here when the weather gets a bit cooler and there is a bit of a nip in the air.   On those brisk days the dish I enjoy most is the Lak Sa Noodles with Chicken (a hearty soup thats more like a meal).  It warms and soothes the body on those brisk days and I love a soup than can be enjoyed with chopsticks.  Most of the other dishes i have tried are good but not memorable.
4	Pretty solid Thai food, especially on a cold day.  The restaurant is tiny and cozy, with photos on the wall that make me want to book a flight to Thailand right this second.At 3:00 on a Sunday afternoon, we were allowed to order off the lunch menu, which meant that a serving of vegetarian pad thai was $6.50 - and the portion was big enough that I took about half of it home.  It was one of the best pad thai's I've ever had - not too saucy, the egg was cooked well, it wasn't too peanutty or too bland... all the flavors were perfectly balanced.I thought the tofu summer rolls were a little bland, but I think that's the case everywhere and is not a complaint about Green Mango.  My boyfriend said his pineapple curry was worthy of four stars, a little spicier than expected but not overwhelmingly so.  My dad got the shrimp tom yum soup, which he also said was quite spicy, and the ginger chicken, which went over well.I will definitely be back on a gloomy day when I'm in need of some warm, spicy food.
4	I dined at The Green Mango for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised. The food was excellent and I was blown away by not only the taste, but the presentation.We started off with the duck filled Summer Rolls and I loved them. For my main course I had the Phuket pineapple fried rice. It came served in a halved & hollowed pineapple garnished with fresh cilantro. The chicken and shrimp were perfectly cooked and overall the dish was fantastic. I will return soon!!
4	Small Thai place in the Regent Square neighborhood.  On my last night in Pittsburgh, my sister and her family (niece, nephew and brother in law) took me out to this nice small Thai restaurant for dinner.  I have been to lots of Thai places so this is being judged based on my experiences.  My sister only goes to places she likes so this had better be good.  We brought a bottle of wine, no corkage fee and they have glasses you can use for the wine but the Cork incident ( the corkscrew didn't work very well, it could have been a nightmare because my sister would argue all night long that it was my brother in law's fault, it wasn't, the cork was just not the best).  However it passed after we got our delicious first course.  An appetizer of Roast Duck summer/spring rolls.  It was very good and kudos for something unique.  Who would have thought roast duck.  I knew it cost more but we all enjoyed it. We ordered 2 plates and it added up to 24 pieces that were cut up already.  The kids loved it.Drinks, I ordered Thai iced tea, it was fine but the rest of the group ordered themselves some smoothies (now its already fall in Pittsburgh and prettty cool outside) and they enjoyed the pumpkin, coconut (with boba) and the mango flavors.Entrees, we had larb, pork fried rice, roast duck curry, beef curry and for my niece she wanted vegetable surprise (ideal for vegetarians-no meat necessary).All of the food was great, a little disappointed on the roast duck on my curry (amount, sliced really small).  That withstanding, all the whole meal was filling and great.  We had no room for dessert and even brought some leftovers.  For all of that (I peaked), about 101 dollars plus tax.  Not bad for a meal for 5 people including the smoothies.I don't know when I will be back to Pittsburgh but would feel very comfortable having dinner or lunch with people in this small place.
4	Great Thai food in a nice little location. The Thai Iced tea is a real keeper, the pad thai is consistently excellent.I've never had a bad meal there and everyone I've gone with loves their selections.The size of the place is a tad small so I wouldn't recommend it for larger groups. But for four to six it's just right.
4	A nice local place for excellent Thai food. My favorite thing is that it's BYOB ... If you're into beer, go across the street to D's six pack before-hand and pick up a something to go; you're sure to find something you like in the over 1000 varieties they have. Now back to the food. We had a summer roll platter to start followed by spicy vegetable tofu soup. They were both very fresh and the soup was noticeably low on salt ... Which made me happy; def not a fan of chugging large amounts of water due to restaurants using soup out of a can!For our main course we had spicy shrimp pad thai = very tasty.  If it wasn't for the shrimp being over cooked, I would have given a higher rating. Overall a very reliable local place that I'll be sure to return to.
5	This place is fantastic.  They have excellent curries and noodle dishes.  Actually, everything I have ever tried here is just mmmmm.  I always start with their spring rolls and then usually get their Chiang Mai Noodles.  It's a good idea to eat family style here so you can try everything!  Best thai I've had outside of Thailand.  Also be sure to bring a nice reisling to complement the spicy meal!
4	I quite enjoyed the dinner I had here and would definitely return. Friendly service, excellent food... Seems on a par quality wise with Bankok Balcony in Squirrel Hill. Fairly small inside.
1	This is an perfect example of a Pittsburgh restaurant-it sucks and people that live here don't know enough about what good food tastes like to realize that they are eating crap.Soggy and barely any veggies to speak of, a TON of white rice-almost more than the entree itself, greasy-my food tasted like it had been sitting around cooking for three days.   The spring rolls were good but is that a reason to go?  Nope.  Save yourself the disappointment and go to Thai Place in Bloomfield.  Yummy all the time, fresh ingrediants and great service!
2	I know a lot of people really like this restaurant so I'm chalking it up to a bad day but boy was it bad....I ordered the thai spring rolls to split with my dining companion and a shrimp noodle soup.  The thai spring rolls were so very bland (how could these be messed up?) and the soup was overly fishy and otherwise bland.The atmosphere was ok though I prefer the "family" feel to Thai Gourmet.Not my favorite thai place in Pittsburgh...
3	This place serves very good food, however the space and service are not exactly top notch.  The tofu mango salad was great, and I did almost get to see the owners boobs as she inexplicably lifted her shirt up to fix her bra.  Man, maybe that alone should give it a four.  Admittedly, we were there close to closing, but it is still a business.  That being said, if I would have seen full boob it would be four stars.
4	My Girl Posse and I had a Sunday girl's night out and we stopped here for dinner before heading over to the Regent Square Theatre.  I wasn't exactly in the mood for Thai food, but are there no other decent places open in Regent Square on a Sunday?  For appetizers we ordered the Summer Rolls, which are green leaf lettuce, mint, cilantro, basil, vermicelli, all in thin rice paper.  We had ours filled with roast duck and they were perfect on a June evening.  My main course was Lemon Grass Chicken.  The chicken was very tender and the ginger sauce didn't overpower it.  For dessert we ordered the Ginger Balls, which is rolled rice flour balls stuffed with black seasame seeds.  Deliciously different!So yeah, even though we came here by default, it was a pretty good choice.
1	To be fair, I will note that I've only been to Green Mango Noodle Hut one time. I went with a friend's recommendation for the Tom Kha soup (which is my favorite dish at Thai Cuisine) and the fresh spring rolls. I asked very clearly about chicken/beef stock and fish sauce and the server assured me that the soup was completely vegetarian. The soup contained fish sauce. I am not morally offended but I do have an acute aversion to the flavor. Unrelated to my request, I also think that they dilute their coconut milk with dairy, a common cost cutting trick at "cheap" Asian restaurants. The spring rolls were good, though the dipping sauce was boring (like straight from a jar). Mid-way through the meal, the server threw our check onto the table. Um, good thing I wasn't going to mention the issue with my soup! And my friend, she didn't need that ice cream she had wanted for dessert!Then, as if we weren't still sitting there, the server cleared some PBR cans from the table next to us and set them on our table! Is it unfair to say that I will not return?
4	Had a BYO Wine Night here last night.  Such perfect weather too.  I ordered the Pad See Ew with chicken which was really good.  The service was decent too considering how slammed they were and how big our group was.  And my FAVORITE thing to get in the summer is the Coconut Sticky Rice with Fresh Mango!!!!  Too bad its not in season all the time.  Its a must have while its summer though! The only negative experience was getting splinters from the chairs.  The OUTDOOR chairs are a bit too weathered and brittle.  Me and 3 of my girlfriends, all got splinters from the chairs.  I got 2 in my hand and one on my bum!!  I alerted the owner of this so that they might remedy the problem with cushions/covers/new chairs.  But until they do this....I recommend sitting on your jacket and being very careful when you pull your chair in and out!
5	The Green Mango is my go-to Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. I eat there on average once a week and have never been disappointed. The food always tastes fresh--particularly the herbs (Thai basil!). The restaurant's best dish by far is the fresh tofu summer rolls. It's a unique combination of textures and flavors that are enhanced further by the dipping sauce. Other good dishes are the tofu with basil and tofu with ginger. My boyfriend is occasionally faithful to the chicken chiang mai noodles, but has on occasionally strayed to the ginger tofu side.The tofu dishes are notably more plentiful than the seafood dishes. When I ordered the same basil dish with tilapia, the portion was greatly reduced and because I don't eat rice, I left with a growling stomach. That has been my only complaint about the restaurant, and it's easily remedied by sticking to tofu. I don't eat chicken but it seems those servings are more plentiful than fish.On one occasion I ordered one of the spicy dishes, never having a problem with any of them before, and having a fairly high spice tolerance. This particular dish was so spicy that I couldn't manage more than tiny pieces every couple minutes. When I confessed to the waiter that it was too spicy, he brought me a menu to order something else, and I wasn't charged for the first dish. This happened at the Penn Center location, but it was a waiter who also works at the Regent Square restaurant.The restaurant is BYOB with no corkage fee. You can even bring in your own soft drinks if you choose. It's a beautiful place to eat in the summer when you can sit outside and enjoy the busy Regent Square street. I've eaten here with anywhere from one to seven people with no problems. As a warning, the space inside is somewhat small and can get loud during peak dinner hours, so you're better off heading to the Penn Center location if you have a big group who wants to talk to each other. This is also a great place for a mixed group of omnivores and vegetarians/vegans --just make sure to ask for no fish sauce if you're the latter.
4	Excellent pad thai and excellent curries, my favorite is the green.  What's bizarre about this place is that they charge $2 for upgrading from white to brown rice.  Shouldn't this be like 50 cents, max $1?  It's rice, not a platter of shrimp.  The spring rolls here are the best I've had in my life; lightly and quickly fried to be crunchy but not greasy.  The bubble teas are good, and the BYOB charge is minimal (possibly nonexistent; I can't remember).  Stop at D's across the street for a 6 pack to start off dinner right.  Sometimes service is spotty, plus the weird rice upcharge, hence the 4 stars.
2	My family has ordered take-out from the Green Mango twice -- and both were rather botched. The first time I went to pick up our food and they had not prepared my dish because they were out of an ingredient. The waitress insisted that she had called me several times (basically impossible given that my cell phone was on and in my pocket) and was indignant, rather than apologetic. There was no apology, no suggestion that I should get the dish free, get a free Thai tea, etc. Her attitude was quite bad and I had to wait while they cooked a different dish of my choosing.The second experience was largely the same. I showed up and gave them my name -- they couldn't find it by my name, so they had to look it up based on what dishes I ordered. Only one of the three dishes was correct. Rather than Chicken Pad Thai, it was Chicken Satay. Rather than King Chicken, it was Prik Khing curry. The waiter said, "Your order is not ready yet" even though I could see on the computer screen that it was wrong. When I asked how long it would be, he said, "15 minutes." I asked whether there had been a mistake and he said, "Your order was wrong." Again, no apology; he had a salty attitude and made no attempt to repair their mistake.I could set these issues aside to some extent if the food were good. But it's largely mediocre. The Pad Thai is on the sweet and bland side (not enough bright tamarind flavor), is light on bean sprouts, and has none of the fresh bite (e.g., cilantro) that I expect from Pad Thai. The Pad See Ew is a poor excuse for that dish -- no rich dark soy flavor, minimal broccoli, heavy on noodles. The curries are a bit better and I thought the green curry was well balanced and had a good spiciness. The price gouging for brown rice over white rice is stupid.Still, the noodle dishes are better at Bangkok Balcony (other stuff seems more variable, but is usually good) and everything I've had at the Smiling Banana Leaf has been much superior to Green Mango. Given the poor quality of the service at the Green Mango, we won't order (or go) there again. I would recommend Bangkok Balcony or Smiling Banana Leaf over Green Mango, both in terms of service and in terms of food quality.
4	A mistake in the movie at the Regent Square theater lead to a great dinner at Green Mango.  I had (and enjoyed) Choo Chee Tofu- terrifically spicy, slightly peanut-y& recommended by our server) and my boyfriend had (I forget the exact name of the dish) fried rice with shrimp, cashews, raisins, pineapple which was delightfully served in the pineapple shell.  Good, filling meal that will probably our spot before the movies!
4	The service was good and the food was amazing! The staff is very friendly and lunch prices are cheap. Two people who order 2 appetizers and 2 entrees usually end up with a $30 bill.
1	My first experience here will be my last. On a Thursday night, we waited for more than 40 minutes before cancelling our entrees and leaving. The kitchen was overwhelmed with take-out orders, and the dining room suffered. I had an excellent Tom Yum chicken soup while we waited for our entrees, but with such bad service, I won't be wasting my time or money there again.
3	Decent Thai food, but not remarkable. Would probably come here again, but I definitely prefer the Spice Island Tea House in Oakland.
4	It seems like the people of Regent Square consider this to be the best Thai in Pittsburgh. It definitely is great, I'll just leave it at that.The inside can handle more people than, say, The Smiling Banana Leaf and the menu is much more expansive. The first time I was here I had their spicy beef soup and it nearly melted my face it was so hot. The ingredients went great together and it was perfect on a cold day.On my second trip I ordered their pad thai which was just okay. There really wasn't anything special about it and they put way too many peanuts on top.The service is impeccable and the interior is roomy enough to be comfortable. It gets very busy on the weekends but in the end, that just means its good.
4	of all the thai restaurants in pittsburgh, the green mango is my favorite. it's got a balance of both cuisine and atmosphere. I like how they don't ask you how spicy you want a dish, it's presented how it's meant to be eaten. it's a great place for two to four people, any more people in your party, and you will feel cramped. my favorites are the "spicy tofu mango salad" and the "spicy pumpkin curry".
5	The perfect, no frills, waking distance Thai place. The service is pretty quick and the steamed fish is IN-credible! They also have outdoor seating which is perfect for people watching along S. Braddock in the summer. The don't sell booze, but I think it is BYOB. The decor is cute and I like the caual vibe. Good stuff indeed!
5	Best Thai in Pittsburgh.  Their pad thai is unbelievable.
4	This is very good Thai food...maybe not the best in Pittsburgh, but very good just the same. I'm stuck on green curry, and have been for the past couple of years, so I know that's good here, as are the Prik Khing, Tom Yum soup and spring rolls. I like the cozy vibe here, and the service is always friendly, if not always efficient. I don't live in this neighborhood, but if I did, I'd be here often.
1	This used to be my favorite Thai restaurant but now it's rather bad. The quality of the food is poor and the dishes aren't as flavorful as they once were.Tonight I had the Pad Thai and it was overcooked and greasy. When the check came, they overcharged me for it.  $11.50 for bad pad thai in pittsburgh is steep! I think the green mango was once a good restaurant that established a name for itself and has now slipped in ingredients and quality while raising their prices.
4	Small, comfortable with very polite servers.I love Tom Yum soup and the Spicy Noodle Hut Special didn't disappoint.  It's very spicy and very filling.
5	Consistent quality. Drunken noodles, tofu & mango salad, tom yum soup...queen tilapia, sticky rice and mangos, everything is great! BYOB
5	This place is absolutely delicious!  The food is excellent and I've always had pretty decent customer service.  Do yourself a favor and try the pumpkin curry.
3	I used to really like it, but I don't like it as much as I used to for some reason. Although it is probably one of the best asian food places that I've been to that's in my price range.The chicken fried rice is awesome! Although the last time I had it, it was kind of greasy.Basically a place I would go on my lunch break from work due to convenience and fast service. Speaking of service- WOW what great service! Every time you take a sip, they come to fill up your glass. Also, it's nice to sit outside in the summer, lots of people-watching to do.
4	Very Good Thai, we had the pad thai, spring rolls and chicken salad.  All were good, prices are reasonable, will be back often
5	So far, Green Mango is my new favorite Thai restaurant. We came here with a friend, a regular patron, who introduced us to the owner and the rest of the staff. Everyone was so nice and it felt like you were with close friends who put love into the food. Every dish we ordered was spiced and cooked to perfection. As I'm writing this review my mouth is salivating for some pineapple curry and pad thai! I can't wait to go back.
4	Consistently good contemporary thai. Order in or get it to go. Favorites are the Noodle Hut Special spicy tom yum soup that I order w both chicken AND shrimp and the Glass Noodle Salad in that yummy lemon-lime sauce. Everything is fresh and made to order. Nice selection of hot teas too. The summer rolls are not very flavorful though - basically just bland vermicelli w a lot of lettuce and a hunk of shrimp in the Shrimp version. Kids love chicken on a stick w/ side of white rice. Super nice wait staff too. Bathroom is tiny and clean.
4	Good noodle soup. That's rare enough to earn 4 stars for sure. I'll be back...often.
5	Love the Thai fried rice. The tofu is always done perfectly!
4	Exactly what we've been looking for! We came at lunch and tried some home style spicy basil fried rice with chicken and spicy drunken noodles with beef. Then we realized both things were too spicy for our baby so we ordered an additional crispy tofu salad with the spicy (sensing a theme?) lime dressing on the side. The spicy fried rice was really good although I didn't see any basil in it. The noodle portion was a little bit on the small side and a little on the oily side. I prefer Cantonese versions of dry fried beef noodle. The salad was a good size with lots of crispy fried tofu. There were so many options on the lunch menu as well as smoothies and bubble tea. We ate outside to enjoy the last bit of summer and so our child could throw food all over the sidewalk without us feeling too guilty. I would come back and try their noodle soups on a colder day.
5	I love this place. Food is delicious and affordable. Their pineapple curry is awesome with the perfect level of spiciness
5	Where do I begin with Green Mango... It's my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my comfort food, my go-to place after a long week. I could possibly eat here every day, alternating the Pad Thai with the Phuket Pineapple Fried Rice. Everything my husband and I have tried here has been delicious. I highly recommend for any Thai food fan to try this little gem in Regent Square. Just know that you're very likely to see me there since I often crave their delicious food!*Don't forget beer or a bottle of wine. The restaurant is BYOB!
5	***Sadly, I found out shortly after writing my review that the Green Mango is now CLOSED. I will have to satisfy my cravings at their Monroeville location!
