5	Some restaurants will always hold a special place in your heart - or should I say arteries. Momma's is not an experience to be missed, whether you're a native of Montreal or just visiting. It is part of the reason why many students pack on the Freshman 20, Boreal beer not-withstanding. Located in the Latin quarter, Momma's Pizzeria is open until 3 a.m. and you can get burgers, steak subs, eggs and bacon or poutine. When I was a student at McGill, if you got 2 orders of poutine for take-out you got a third for free, so we were always trying to rally a third person at Closing time to feast at Momma's with us. This place has been around for over four decades now, and if any of my friends are heading out to Montreal I tell them to stop here. It's just part of the Montreal experience you don't want to miss. Montreal gave me a horrible addiction to poutine I'm afraid I'll never shake. Cheese, fries and gravy?! Who knew?!
5	Some restaurants will always hold a special place in your heart - or should I say arteries. Mamma's is not an experience to be missed, whether you're a native of Montreal or just visiting. It is part of the reason why many students pack on the Freshman 20, Boreal beer not-withstanding. Located in the Latin quarter, Mamma's Pizzeria is open until 3 a.m. and you can get burgers, steak subs, eggs and bacon or poutine. When I was a student at McGill, if you got 2 orders of poutine for take-out you got a third for free, so we were always trying to rally a third person at Closing time to feast at Mamma's with us. This place has been around for over four decades now, and if any of my friends are heading out to Montreal I tell them to stop here. It's just part of the Montreal experience you don't want to miss. Montreal gave me a horrible addiction to poutine I'm afraid I'll never shake. Cheese, fries and gravy?! Who knew?!
1	Decent greasy spoon diner, but the last time I walked in there was a million fruit flies all over the first table I saw. Gross!
3	mamma's is a casual dine in/take out restaurant that serves pizza and typical american diner food with some canadian specialities mixed in. i'm talking about pizzaghetti and poutine, obviously! i stopped in to try mamma's italian poutine, which is vegetarian since it's topped with marinara instead of gravy. you have to specify that you want that sucker topped with cheese curds or else you'll get mozzarella (which is definitely not as exciting). we ordered sandwiches as well and while the food was good, it was nothing exceptional. the staff was extremely friendly though and i'd visit again just for that.
3	Just a classic Montreal Italian diner. With booths and big windows looking out on grey avenue des Pins. Everything here today feels clean, the food is fresh and no fuss and the waitress is chill and feels like she's probably related to Mamma. There are a few tables of area regulars eating lasagne and pizza and fish and chips, but they serve breakfast till 3pm so my two eggs come out quick and with no judgement but with perfect golden potatoes crispy but not greazy on the outside, fluffy on the inside and a fresh slice of tomato and pineapple and some baked beans on the side. Simple and filling and fast. Plastic table mats and you pay at the counter and you're back running errands on lower Main in no time.
