1	Doctor was mediocre, however, the office doesn't care about getting your medical records to you or another doctor in a timely manner. They told me it could take 30 days for another doctor to receive your records. To me that is NOT quality of care if you go to another doctor in less than 30 days and they can't review your medical records from this rheumatology office. Another doctor was able to get me in to their schedule and this office made no attempt to even help me by getting my records to take to this other doctor. Every other doctors office I have worked with always got my records in a sufficient time. This makes me think their office people sit on their a$$! Instead of doing their job.
2	The only reason I go to this practice is because the doctor I see has been my doctor since the beginning of my issues. She knows my history and she doesn't give me any BS about tests, bloodwork, etc.That said, this is the slowest office ever. When I get there at 3:25 for a 3:45 appointment and I don't get called back to the office until 4:20, we have a problem. The front desk staff leaves a lot to be desired as well. They're never very friendly and seem like you're interrupting them all the time.
5	Spent several months trying to find a great rheumatologist on my insurance. This practice recently moved their offices and I think were bought by another company (?) so maybe that is responsible for a better experience than the other reviewers have had here on Yelp. I have been trying to find a great doctor, no easy feat, and I was a bit skeptical when I first arrived and the woman at the front desk kept me waiting, but after she called over she warmed up a bit. I was called back very quickly and the nurse who took my vitals was extremely pleasant and assured me I'd love Dr Taddei (online reviews refer to her as Dr Carminoti, which looks to be a hyphenated name from info at the office). The doctor came in and I was immediately pleasantly surprised. She went through my entire RA history and ordered new x-rays and blood work, and asked me about my family history and some other things she noticed from my previous doctors notes and records. She sat facing me (crazy, I know, but my previous doctor always sat facing away from me at her computer and rarely looked at me or made eye contact), offered her thoughts and opinions and was happy to provide any explanations I needed. I could barely hold back from hugging her and telling her she could never retire. The wait time for the Dr to come into the room could've been shorter, but overall it was a very good visit and I'm feeling fortunate to have found a great doctor again.
