5	I enjoyed my first time at The Beerhive. I didn't think the bar looked like a Steeler's bar, its yellow and black for bees, which I even enjoyed the little bee people on the bathroom doors (bathroom was clean also) ! The food was good, chicken salad actually had real chicken, and you could tell it was a freshly made salad. Service was great, very friendly staff. Prices were reasonable too. They had paintings/photography from local artists on the wall, and more upstairs, which was enjoyable. I would definitely go back!
4	I enjoyed my first Beerhive experience.  The beer selection is very good, not great like some make it out to be, but very good none the less (too many overly hoppy beers).  The food is pretty good, for bar food.  I had the jalepeno and cheddar burger, and it was really good!The bartender must have been new and new to the whole industry.  She was very nice and attentive, but didn't really know what she was doing.  We ordered an appetizer that came out with our food, not a fan of that happening.All in all a good place that I like and will, without a doubt, go back.
3	I had an overall good first experience at BeerHive. The food was much better than I would have expected for "bar food." I ordered the chicken fingers and they had a delicious sweet potato breading- amazing! My friend tried a burger and also had nothing but good things to say about it. Fries were ok, nothing special. Fairly limited menu, but everything we ordered was good.The on tap beer selection was nothing to rave about, which I found surprising for a specialty beer bar. I would have expected more than 8-10 beers on tap. It was a good variety of more unusual beers, however. My main complaint was that the type of beer (ie. wheat, stout, IPA) was not listed anywhere. Our waitress was new, so she was unable to answer any of our questions about the beer selection. They did seem to have an extensive bottle beer selection, however.Ambience: average. It looks like a typical sports bar. The downstairs bar area is fairly small with only a few tables and a counter along the wall, but there is additional seating upstairs. Menus were shabby looking and could definitely use a makeover. The restaurant itself was clean, at least. Local artwork on walls for purchase.Service: somewhat slow, as I would expect for a new establishment. It took a while for the bartenders and waitress to notice us, even though it wasn't at all busy. Once we ordered, it was quick. We had to ask for glasses- our beers were handed to us in bottles, which seemed weird for a "beer" bar.I would come back again for a drink and a meal, but I wouldn't recommend it to any beer connoisseurs. There are other bars with a more extensive draft list catering to that crowd. Might be a good place to watch sports. There was a Steelers preseason game on TV as we were leaving and most of the people in the bar were there to watch it (complete with yelling at the TV).Prices were very reasonable.
3	When I visited Pittsburgh first thing I did was visit the Strip District. Mid-Afternoon hit and I was feeling pretty hungry and since I was on vacation I wanted a beer as well. Beerhive looked like the perfect solution and overall it satisfied my needs. Beerhive is a small hole in the wall joint with a decent beer selection and your standard bar food options. I don't remember which draft beers I had, but I enjoyed them. Looked like a good bottle selection as well. Went with cheese sticks and chicken tenders for food. Neither was outstanding but it tasted better than typical bar food. The chicken tenders had a pretty unique breading which I liked. The cheese sticks come with a spicy marinara sauce. There was only one waitress/bartender working, she was nice and did a good job of checking back with us.If I lived in Pittsburgh, the Beerhive isn't a place that I would go out of my way for, but if you are visiting the Strip District and are looking for a bite or a drink, its a good place to stop in.
3	BeerHive is a nice place to stop and enjoy a brew while walking through the Strip District.  They have a fair number of beers on tap and a refrigerator full of bottles.  The bar menu has some good sounding selections that I'd like to revisit.  I wasn't thrilled with the flavor of the maple-bacon wings (basically just topped with maple syrup and bacon crumbles), but the size and consistency of the wings were great.  Worth stopping in if you're in the area.
4	I like the name, and the location is in an accessible part of the strip.  Truthfully, this place is 3* right now because there's not much to make it "stand out," but based on my talks with the owner, they'll be a 4 or 5 star establishment in no time.They have a good beer selection.  Not a ton of crazy beers, but there's more than enough to appeal to your average good beer drinker.  It's nowhere near Fatheads, Rolands, or Smoking Joes, though, and not many seasonals.  They also sell growlers.  The food selection is bar-type food, and I didn't have a chance to try it, but it was an interesting menu.  They have a solid list of unique wing flavors, and a few other items that will have me go back.Prices are affordable, and there are plenty of TVs for sports.So, the reason for the 4 stars...after talking with the owner, they have some ambitious plans that I really like.  One...they want to start a Bloody Mary bar, and they have the perfect space for it.  Two...they're going to start breakfast/brunch, with chicken & waffles and "upscale" breakfast food.  Three...they're going to start carrying unique firkins, as well as consider beer cocktails.   If any of these things happen, it'll become a great place to visit in the strip.
4	How can you not be drawn in, just by the name alone!  Clever, fo sho!So once you're drawn in, what are you drawn to?  In keeping with the seasonal theme, I ordered the Southern Tier Pumpking Ale.  Delish, as always. They have about 12 or so beers on tap that's clearly written up on a big chalkboard above the bar.  I'm into bars that have a wide variety on tap.  I can't stand when you go somewhere and all they have is Miller and Coors Light.  But for a name like the BeerHive, they really should have more to offer!They also have a big refrigerator with a whole lotta specialty beers to pick from.  You can either pick up a beer and drink it there or take out for a "night cap" at home.  For "bar food" the food is pretty decent!  Sticking with the hive part of beer they have a lot of honey type concoctions.  We opted to try a couple wing flavors, as they all looked pretty yummy.  We tried the salt n' vinegar, honey bbq, ranch and buffalo.  I really enjoyed the salt n' vinegar, being a huge vinegar fan!  I also thought the honey bbq was pretty good.  We also ordered I REALLY enjoyed the honey bites, mini cinnamon pretzels with honey drizzled on top.  YUM-O! They have a lot of different specials, including $1 off beers and $3 apps.  The HH special for beers isn't too great, but I love a good deal on food too, so it balances out!  They also have a special armature comedy night.  I think that would be an interesting thing to see, laugh at them or laugh with them?  We'll see!
3	Fun, Fun, Fun!  Thursday night Trivia.  It can get a little crowded but Trivia is always fun.This is a nice bar with about 12 craft beers on tap and lots more in bottles - I think they do growlers.  Had to try the wings and ordered Buffalo.   The wings were crispy but needed a little more buffalo heat.  The blue cheese dressing was ranch with crumbled blue cheese on top, not the way I prefer.Lots of TV's to watch if you are interested.  Was told that Wednesday's is comedy night.
4	Ooooooh I dig this place and the location is fantastic! The strip was dying for an updated, hip place to get your brew on and the Beerhive fits in here perfectly!Met up with some ex coworkers here last night and was so impressed by the interesting list of beers written in pastel chalk above the bar- all of which were around 8% alcohol. Hard day at the office?? You won't remember after an hour or so! The vibe is really hip, kick back and friendly and the gal behind the br is a total sweetheart. We were also super impressed with the appetizers, which take your standard bar fare up a few notches. The lettuce wraps were pretty tasty and the wings.....killer! I am dying to try the soft pretzel appetizer next time. I am a sucker for a good soft pretzel. Only complaint- the ladies room. There is one stall and a swinging door that only covers you midsection when you pee. Thank goodness I am a short gal. The door doesn't lock well so ladies, be prepared. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars as this place is solid and I will be back, often!
4	Was headed to the Strip to get one of Lucy's delicious banh mi sandwiches, but it was a cold cold Sunday and she was nowhere to be found.  Needless to say the day turned into a Sunday Funday when we stumbled upon this little gem.  It was the coldest day of the year so far and there weren't too many brave soles out in the Strip, but this place had an in and out crowd.The place has nice decor and a good beer selection, with about a dozen draft beers.  The was a young lady and gentleman working the bar and few tables and both were very knowledgeable about their beers, very attentive to the costumer, and were also good company.I can't say too much about the food, except the two flavors of wings we had were pretty good.  One was a hot wing flavor with jalapeno puree, and the other was a maple bacon flavor.  The maple bacon was good, but not great.  It could have been great with a little more bacon, or a better way to keep the bacon sticking to the wing. We also had a side of french fries.  They are the crispy batter dipped kid that are one of my favorites, but these were a little soggy (still decent though).  They also give you the choice of old bay seasoning, ranch seasoning, or seasoned salt for an extra 50 cents.  50 cents is a rip off, but I sure do love old bay on my fries so I couldn't pass it up.
5	I was visiting my sister for the weekend and had just finished dinner at a nearby restaurant with her, my brother-in-law, and a couple of their friends when we decided we wanted to get a few drinks somewhere.  We went to Beerhive and loved it.  If you like good beer, and I definitely do, then this is the place to go.  The atmosphere is fun, the staff is super friendly, and the beer selection can't be beat.  We didn't get any food because we had just eaten, but the menu looked awesome.  We will definitely be back to try the food, and of course more beer.
4	The Beerhive has an extensive amount of beer to try as the name would suggest. As an IPA lover, I could kill a lot of time at this establishment (and probably my liver at the same time) with their selection.They have a solid draft selection. For what they don't have on tap, they have more than enough to make up for in their bottle selection!
2	Nothing bad about it, just nothing too compelling other than the branding, they hit that spot on.Beer gets 3 stars. Selection is decent, but for a place touting their craft beer prowess in 2012 it really isn't that impressive.I'll give food 2.5 stars. The menu is appz, wingz, burgerz, sandiwichez, you get the deal. Prices are reasonable to moderately expensive.My jalapeno cheddar burger was ok. Tending towards overcooked even though ordered medium, the patty was thin and chewy. The bun would have been great if not maybe a day past it's prime. The slaw was the best thing on the plate.Service gets 3 stars. The servers were friendly enough and easy to work with, but my food took a solid 20 minutes and I was one of 3 people in the place at 5:00 on a saturday.Sorry for the mediocre review, but I'm just not feelin it at this place.
2	Holy expensive beer batman,My trip the the Beerhive was unplanned my boyfriend and I needed a place to duck out for an hour while we waited on a ride. I don't like the look, or feel of this place, I am not a fan of "craft beers" and probably never will be my experiences in "craft beer" establishments has always been poor.I  had 3 miller light bottles, because I didn't want to just be sitting in a bar looking like a  couple of squatters, my boyfriend had two high balls and the bill was 25.00 dollars what the freak?!? The Beerhive doesn't appeal to me in any way.
4	Thanks to a Google Offer that was expiring on Thursday, I made it a point to stop at the Beer Hive.  After a long day of work I was looking for some good refreshment and relaxation.We arrived about 5:40p, just ahead of everyone else fortunately.  Got one of the tables on the main floor and our waitress promptly stopped over with menus and requests for drinks.  There was a nice chalkboard full of the craft brews on tap but I wanted to see how the staff would handle suggestions.  Without just touting a selected brew our waitress skillfully asked about preferences and current likes/dislikes.  She then made a couple of suggestions which really hit the mark.  I had an Atwater Conniption Fit, double IPA which was very good.  My son had a Draai Laag Aureus which he enjoyed.  We ordered Pretzel apps that came with a nice house made honey mustard dip.  For dinner my son had the BELT, Bacon, Egg, Lettuce, Tomato which was quite tasty and I had the pulled pork Taquitos.  Great sauces and flavor.The atmosphere was excellent for an after work hang out and grabbing a bite to eat.  Plenty of screens to watch multiple events and a good, up to date juke.I look forward to hitting this spot again.
4	I had the best cider I've ever had here!  It was Woodchuck reserve pumpkin cider and they lined the rim with cinnamon and sugar.  Heaven.  Woodchuck, why don't you have this in LA?!
4	Huge selection of beers, friendly service, pretty average appetizers, internet jukebox, I really enjoyed myself here.There are special beers every week and it's always fun to try a new one, even if they run on the expensive side.Bar staff very friendly.
4	You can bacon-infuse any burger on the menu, where they add freshly ground bacon right into the ground beef before they form the burger. EXCELLENT. They only cook them one way and you have to pay $1 extra for fries instead of chips. The food Is good enough to get 3 and a half stars but their extravagant beer menu pushes it up to 4. Seems like a great place to grab some above average bar food and catch a game. I would def come here again
5	Great beer selection. Top notch service.
3	They use to have a HUGE beer selection upstairs, but when I came in this time all they had was two small cases downstairs. I am very disappointed. And beers only come chilled now. If I am shopping and can't keep the beers chilled, then they get warm. The bartender assured me going from chilled to warm then chilled again is no issue, but I know better. That disappointed me.
4	This place is another great dive bar on the strip in Pittsburgh.The Penn Pumpkin Roll is Amazing, but Make sure you ask for the cinnamon and sugar around the rim.Also they have a beer called Sprecher, Hard root beer, And it tastes  just like Root Beer, awesome.There is also an Upstairs for extra room and a great View.
5	This is the cleanest dive bar I have ever been to. Their menu is astounding with so many different flavors and items that you would not expect. There is a sandwich here with peanut butter, bacon, pickles and maple glaze to dip it in. It is so good. The wing flavors are so good. Come on a Wednesday and get 12 wings for 6$ and amazing beer specials!!!!! Sooooooo good. I rarely give five stars. But these are five stars I love to give. It's for the atmosphere, beverages and an amazing menu.
4	This is a fun little spot in the Strip District. They are small but have an up stairs for extra seating and private events in case you need the space. We were here for a private yelp event but did get to enjoy the bar afterwards. They hold a trivia night every friday and I believe we went on a wednesday when they had stand-up mic night. All the tables and bar were filled but we managed to squeeze in at a table with some strangers. They were nice enough to share especially since they were at a 4 seated table and it was only the two of them. We ordered wings that night since they were half off. They were great too, awesome sauce choices and they weren't dry at all. It did take them a while to get cooked though, like 20 minutes which i thought was long for wings. I figured it was because of the crowd that they were a little slow. They have a unique menu here with foods I've never known like Seitan. It's some kind of bread sponge material, idk but i had it on a taco and it was pretty amazing. We stayed for about an hour listening to some stand up comedians which were decent. It was my first time getting to see improv comedy from local artist. And there was no charge for this event either which was pretty awesome. I like that they have cool events they put together that make your experience here better than just an average bar hop. Good fun, nice people, service was ok and of course, planned entertainment!!
4	Anyone that's been to the Strip District on a beautiful Saturday morning in Pittsburgh knows that Penn Ave can be quite chaotic between all the cars and mass of people weaving in and out of the streets. My girl and I come to the strip often to get our groceries and putz around looking for side street attractions and food vendors to nibble on as we jaunt around.10am and feeling the need for a cold draft beer for some reason...No I am not an Alcoholic haha, we stumbled into The Beerhive. I've walked by the place a hundred times before, but the fact that I could get a cold draft beer at 10am sounded pretty refreshing to me instead of my regular cup of joe. The place is very warm and welcoming. I felt like I could of spent all day here just relaxing sipping on some Yingz and talking to the other friendlies at the bar watching some sports on a handful of TVs in the place. They offer a Saturday Morning breakfast menu till noon with a half dozen or so breakfast sandwiches or so. I got an egg sand which with bacon, lettuce, tomato, and spicy mayo all between two pieces of Italian toast accompanied with greasy home-fries and peppers. Tasted amazing with the Yuengling draft. My girl was a little disappointed that they only served breakfast at this time till noon when she had picked out an appetizer and a burger from menu and was told they couldn't make her selections at this time of the day so I split my sandwich with her and she really enjoyed it as well.The Beerhive is not a world changing place, think more blue collar sports bar and welcoming. It did have a good breakfast sandwich and a dozen or so other beers and IPA's on draft that I'd like to come back and try in the future. It also does have a full liquor bar, but I dont think I'd come here asking for a speciality cocktail or anything like that even though they did have a few spiked morning beverages like a Mimosa, Bloody Mary on their breakfast menu...I think I'll also try stopping by one evening and seeing what the nightly crowd is like and try something off their evening menu.Next time I'm in the strip though on a Saturday morning I think I'll definitely be stopping back for a greasy breakfast sandwich and a cold brew! Maybe I'll see yinz there?May your drink always stay cold!Yours truly...The Shaw
2	There wasn't much of a tap selection. Also I don't know if we picked 6 bad beers or if the taps were bad but none of the beers were good. Very disappointed.  The bartender was wonderful is the only reason I gave it 2 stars. We didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. We paid $15 for 6 samples, way over priced compared to other places in Pittsburgh. Not a fan!
5	Some of the best wings in town! Beer selection is ridiculous. Best night to go: Wednesdays! Comedy at 8pm! $6 for a dozen wings! THIS IS TRUTH. You're welcome.
5	PB, Bacon, & Pickle Burger made me feel like a kid again. There was also a side of maple syrup. DELICIOUS and full of sugary goodness. The sticky pig is basically the same thing minus the burger.They've got a nice selection of beers and the bartender was very knowledgable about what they had.I would put this as a must visit here in Pittsburgh!
4	Attended a big gathering in the upstairs room. Waitress managed large crowd with grace. Because of the event I didn't really check out the whole place, so no report on overall vibe. Seitan tacos were really delicious. Vegetarians don't have tons of options; most dishes seem to involve bacon. Didn't get a chance to try the toasted cheese sandwich but it sounds great; includes bleu cheese. Hand cut fries and chips also sound good.No gluten free options labeled on the menu.
3	Stopped in here while checking out the strip district and ordered a bloody mary after some ladies outside were giving out samples of delicious pickles.Unfortunately the pickles in the bloody mary were different, but the bloody was still good and spicy.
4	Food was great. Servers were friendly and gave very good service, they were not hard on the eyes either. The Beerhive has a good vibe. Beer was very good too. I enjoyed it Very much!
4	This is my absolute favorite place to stop in the Strip on a saturday or sunday afternoon, mid shopping trip, to refuel and regroup with an adult beverage. What first brought me in the door a couple of years ago was the name. Honestly I did the quick glance and thought it said Beehive and it reminded me of the coffee shop that used to be in oakland during my college years so I walked in. Only after entering did I realize it said beerhive-very clever. They have a sweet draft selection-lots of good crafts on tap and they rotate fairly often. There are plenty of tvs at the bar too in order to watch whatever game you want to view. I've never had a problem grabbing some seats at the bar, but there are also some tables if that is your preference. Service has always been friendly and efficient. I have yet to eat here in all the years I've been coming to the Beerhive (usually because I'm full from getting my edgar's taco fix) but everything I have seen people order-particularly the wings and burgers-looks and smells amazing. I'd recommend stopping in for at least a beer and to rest your legs after walking the strip.
2	Okay, I am all for pun related businesses, but I have to admit, I'm not the biggest fan of the Beerhive. I've swung by this place several times for lunch and drinks, and it's just never done it for me. It might have something to do with the decor. The interior seems very dark walking in, and not as welcoming as you think. The bar downstairs is filled with high tables, and it seems to be empty, or filled to the brim every time I go visit. While The Beerhive has an above decent draft selection, I'm not drawn to much beyond that. The food is lackluster. On my last visit, I order the Buffalo Blue sandwich, and lost interest less than a quarter of the way in. The chicken was dry, and the flavors seemed off kilter. I did have a decent draft, but lots of bars get their beer list right. The only thing that keeps me coming back to The Beerhive is convince from the office. I love a good pun, but I can't say I love it here.
3	Love: THE PICKLESLike: the seitan wings, the beer selection, the bathroom hall, select serversLoathe: everything else (barring those things/people I have not experienced; not feeling the need to make a long list here and mostly wanted to share the good stuff that which is worth trying if those types of things interest you)!
3	I love that they sell Pittsburgh Pickle Co. Pickles!  For a small place in the Strip, the bottle selection is decent, but I was hoping for a few more drafts in a place called The BeerHive.  Their happy hours and weekly specials are pretty good though.I was in on Taco Night and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a good amount of food and I couldn't eat all four.  The Seitan Tacos were piled!  As a happy meat eater, I was loving the veggie take on the meat - smoky and spicy and crunchy!
3	Nice beers and good beer flight although a tad expensive  I thought $15 for 6 beers I think? Nicely presented  in a hive patterned carrier.Didn't eat there though
