4	**NEWSFLASH**Spokes has the best wings in town.  I know.  Hyperbole inducing spasms may commence from those who insist their spot is better.  Maybe you're right, so, let me try to convince you:Twelve wings is a MEAL here.  They provide equal amount of wings and legs, which are sized bigger than what you find at your typical spots, even those that specialize in wings, like say, Famous Wings.  We tried the Spicy Garlic.  Pretty typical selection, but these wings had fresh (browned) minced garlic actually sprinkled ON TOP of them.  They were spicy, but not palette wrecking or over-the-top as a method of proving their wings are the hottest around.  You actually want to finish these, which I find pretty rare for me because usually I'm just wishing for the pain to end.We also ordered the "chips and salsa".  When ordering these, something pretty unusual occurred.  The bar manager (who is a 5-star, all around GREAT guy himself) actually called out for his chef to "start some chips and salsa".  When was the last time you heard someone request to "start" some chips and salsa.  I was eager to discover what he meant by that.  Five minutes later, we were graced be FRESHLY MADE in-house tortilla chips with light (and delicious) seasoning in a smoky and firey house salsa.  It was perfect, and worthy of a class Mexican restaurant.  Spokes, as it turns out, is actually more of a bar than a restaurant despite its flare for the amazing presented on its menu.  They have very cool and unique selection of beer.  I had two pints of Drop Top Ale and my gf had a Moose Drool and finished with the Drop Top as well.  The manager also mentioned that he replaced his Guinness tap with Strong Arm Stout because it tasted much like the grandaddy of all stouts, was more interesting, and well, had an awesome pull tap.  I agreed.Spokes has a full bar with an experienced bartender making them.  Today, they had a specialty drink with Madori, Captain's, Malibu, and pineapple juice for like $3.  He also mentioned several themed nights if you're into that.  Personally, I'm not, but its a superb place to day drink on a Sunday after hiking South Mountain.  This place picks up a lot of that, as well as cyclers, hence its name.The experience was awesome and its cool to find a local Valley bar that hits all the right notes, including the previously mentioned manager/bartender.  He was probably the friendliest and most helpful I've experienced in the Valley.  He also insisted we sample different beers before we made a decision.  All class.  Just when you think it couldn't possibly be more charming, he discounts our tab 30% to commemorate his favorite holiday, and pointed to his Marley tee-shirt.  Just one cool f'n dude.I highly recommend this place, especially if ya wanna get out of your neighborhood for a pint and wings.
1	Went here for breakfast today. Horrible experience. Came in and waited for a bit for someone to acknowledge us. Said to sit anywhere. Sat down and waited 5-10mins just to get a menu. Waited another 5-10mins to order. Wife wanted bagel sandwich. No bagels left. Ordered pancakes w/chocolate chips to share, breakfast burrito and egg sandwich. Took about 30mins because they screwed up the pancakes she said. Finally got the order and no chocolate chips in pancakes. Pancakes were mediocre at best. Was supposed to be 3, only got 2. Burrito was not that great. Orange juice was from Kroeger.Very disappointing to say the least. Will not go back.
4	Spokes has a little bit of an identity crisis, which is why I'm docking it one star. On the outside, it looks like a little cafe, and a big sign that says "Ride hard, Run hard, Eat healthy, Be happy" and lists their offerings as "Coffee, Smoothies, Juicers (no, no, not THOSE kind, silly!), Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Wine Bar." It kind of reminded me of one of those check-cashing joints that also performs a myriad of unrelated services, like dry-cleaning. When we walked inside, we saw the truth - Spokes is actually a down-home bar with an algae-ridden aquarium, pool room with an ocean scene on the wall, and plenty of male clientele that just happens to offer good, fresh food and smoothies in the morning! We sat at the bar and had vodka/sodas ($3.25 during happy hour!), a half order of the Spicy Garlic wings (~$6), and some nachos with grilled beef (~$7). The drinks were delicious for being well, and the food was really good! As Eric already said, the Spicy Garlic wings were to-die-for; they were so flavorful and had just the right amount of kick. The nachos were also fabulous - the fact that the chips were homemade made the whole dish that much better, and the cheese was real, fresh cheddar and jack. The drinks were also generously sized. Our bartender was really nice and attentive, despite the constant demands for second, third, and fourth beers being yelled his way. We definitely want to come back, although we still can't decide if we want to try the breakfast there.  Apparently, they have karaoke on Wednesday nights, with the same KJ who does the karaoke nights at Silver Pony (just down the road at Dobbins and 7th Ave), so that may end up being our night of choice!
4	We went back to Spokes a few weeks ago for karaoke, and it was really fun! Apparently, it's not actually the guy from Silver Pony who does the karaoke. It was a different guy, but he was really cool and supportive of everyone singing, and his sound system was really quality. We sang, ordered some cheap drinks, and had the wings again :-)
3	Spokes is probably about the coolest bar in south Phoenix. It is home to many cyclist who stop in after a Sunday morning bike ride. It has a great selection of beer and there is always a pretty decent drink special. The food is great and far superior to most bar food. The wings are meaty and huge and they have the perfect amount of spice, they also have a peanut butter and bacon sandwich on the menu. I'm dying to hear someone review it, I haven't been brave enough to try it myself. Spokes is a great laid back place with many regulars and I'm soon to be one of them.Update -  Spokes is closed!!!!! Does anyone have any more news on this?
