3	Near the Hospitality Suites Resort, where I stayed.  Clean and well maintained.  Usually they get so junkie and cluttered but this one was very neat.  I equate this to the a modern day five and dime store, to our prices of $2-10.  You will always walk out with something, everything is so cheap.
4	I LOVE  big lots! They have great deals on home decor and school supplies. They also have some furniture, gardening supplies, toys, and even a small grocery section. They really have great deals even though the merchandise can be hit or miss. Also some of the stores aren't as nice as others.
4	I like Big Lots because I can get energy drinks that cost over $2 at the gas station for 75 cents at Big Lots. Also got V8 juice and Special K protien water mix for $3. I just don't like that I moved and the Big Lots is further away. They also have pet supplies and toys for very cheap also, and school supplies.
3	MY love for Big Lots has diminished over the last year or so. I am finding that hardcore bargains just aren't what they used to be. Yeah, this particular location is neat, clean, and uncluttered compared to others in the PHX area. However, you come to expect to pay dirt cheap prices for stuff here, and this just isn't the case as it once was. I see 30 dollar flower pots, $25 yard art gizmos, etc. etc. I still buy a few staples here- CD cases and covers, some toiletries, assorted food items, but its becoming less and less each visit.
4	This is a great place to buy those ''dollar-store'' type items that would be double the price at a walmart or target. (Like the plastic containers, ziplocs, school supplies, folders, candles or organizing items are really cheap here.)They sell basically everything from diapers, cake mix, soap to kitchen appliances/utensils, chocolate, children's toys, canned goods and chips. I don't buy any food items here but I suppose as long as you check the expiration they should be okay.It's not the cleanest or most organized store but if you look hard enough you'll find what you need. I always come here for batteries, plastic cups and any random supplies that I need. Check out is super easy.
5	I love this place.  I always find great deals on things I need and things I didn't know I needed until I found them at Big Lots.  I am in their frequent shoppers program and especially look forward to my 20% off rewards to make the savings even better.  Don't be surprised to find just about everything you need here...  I no longer am.  Although I live right down the street from this Big Lots and go a couple times a month, I recommend going to the one on Shea and the 101.  They have a pretty good furniture department.  This particular location is limited due to space.
3	ok, love the price, but honestly, i wait in line for sooooooooo long, it makes me feel like im gonna faint.  almost not worth the price. .. the wait, they are so slow.but good stuff.   so 3 stars
4	We come here for frufru drinks like 50cent Starbucks refreshers  and cheap clif/zone bars. Some of the stuff they sell is junk so tread carefully. Never more than 1 cashier. Still stop by twice a month at least.
3	I do not see the value of the store. I look at most prices and what is offered. I have purchased here but infrequently and not a lot
