3	Sports bar.  Strong cheap drinks.  Great jukebox.  I have gone here to meet with friends and have not been disappointed.  The key here is to realize that this is a neighborhood watering hole - if you aren't in the neighborhood, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4	This is my favorite local spot in Vegas.  I've yet to have even a mediocre meal here. Huge portions, good food.  Sports on every TV, people smoking at the bar and friendly staff.
5	This is still my favorite local spot in Vegas. Happy hour is at 4.  Appetizers and drinks are half off. I love the nachos here. The portion is huge (I can eat it for lunch and dinner and be stuffed).The drinks are strong and cheap.  Service can be slow but they are always friendly and accommodating.  I've yet to have even a meh meal here.
5	As far as local bars go, this is the best I've frequented. It is definitely a mix of regulars (players), but that's part of the fun of the place. Flat panel TVs you can see from anywhere in their circle bar, great juke box, amazing food from Angelina's, and the Bartenders are all top notch as far as personality and drink quality. Monday Night Football is the best here as well, drink specials, food specials, and they always raffle off NFL jerseys and hats. Late night bartenders are Jerry and Reed a.k.a. the Flyin' Hawaiian, and the day girls are Jules and Tina.
2	A friend of mine knows that I love late-night breakfast and meals and she highly recommended that I swing by O'Aces.  It's a couple of blocks away, so why not?Almost eight months later, I finally pull in and try O'Aces.  Small crowd, friendly service - the bartender remembers my name.  However, Angelina's restaurant has swooped in to take care of the food for O'Aces in the time between when my friend recommended I visit and when I do actually arrive and the food is overpriced and mediocre.  As for the meal itself:  It's breakfast.  BREAKFAST.  Eggs, toast, potatoes, and it was something like nine bucks when all was said and done, with my coffee.  Seriously?  I can go get a breakfast deal somewhere else for half that and the potatoes will be seasoned well and I'll actually finish my entire meal.  I was really disappointed, and even tried them a second time until I decided this was not the venue for me.
3	Note: I haven't tried the drinks. This is just for the food!I have mixed feelings about this place. The positive: super friendly servicegood acThey serve coke! (very important to a southern girl!)The "small" Stromboli was huge and tasty.The negative: The friendly service was slow. I got my drinks quick enough, and everyone was sweet, but the Stromboli took over half an hour, and refills took forever. Though the Stromboli was tasty, it was incorrect, and I have to say something about that. Ordered one with pepperoni, mushrooms, and fresh garlic. Ended up with pepperoni, sausage, and garlic. The only reason I didn't send it back was because by this point my blood sugar was dropping fast, and I couldn't really wait another half hour. Had the food been correct, I could totally overlook the service wait, because they were pretty awesome. I'll try them again another time.
1	So My hubby and I had a craving for wing and my kids wanted chicken fingers and all I got was a huge disappointment. The chicken fingers weren't that great, the fries were horrible and the chicken fingers, well I got popcorn chicken instead of fingers! It was my first time ordering food from here and it probably will be last unless I send Joe Pesci to put them in line with there cooking lol... Who knows maybe they were understaffed at the moment or having a bad night but it was a huge disappointment :(... Hopefully the next time I go it will be better :)
3	Love this place, great bartenders and servers; but the pizza let me down. Had ordered take out and the pizza was undercooked. Had to pop it in oven a little longer at home. Not what I had in mind. This place does deserve a second chance, just remember to ask for the pizza well cooked.
4	Awesome joint.  You wouldn't think the foods great from looking at the place but wow!  The staffs super friendly. Highly recommended.
5	Okay so I gave this place another chance and by all means they are so much better! After our last review for this place I've gone an additional 3 times. The first was a midnight craving and I didn't have any other choice at 2:30 in the morning. But omg their wing and fries we so damn yummy so crispy it was incredible! I've tried it a few time afterwards and they were just as yummy, I'm thinking they got rid of the previous cook because this lady can make some wings :)I can honestly say My hubby and I have a to go spot now! :)
