2	Ehhh...I had just come from signing up at Las Vegas Athletic Club and was ready to get some tanning going. I recently moved from Seattle and was already tired of glowing white in smokey, darkly lit casinos. I saw Bodyheat Tanning within the club, and thought I would check out the salon. Can you imagine the ultimate convenience of getting in your workout and then tanning at a nice salon, all in one building?Sadly, this was not going to happen.Upon first appearance, it seems like a nice salon. It has 5 levels of beds, including the typical stand-up option, and your orange Mystic spray tan booth. There are several packages and pay options as well. They also feature a decent selection of tanning lotions (all prices way marked up, of course) but then again, what salon doesn't do this? In addition, they feature a wide variety of casual clothing wear - shorts, tanks, basic workout gear, and swimsuits.I approached the girl at the counter to ask for a tour. She was furiously stuffing a hoagie sandwich into her mouth, with lettuce and gobs of mayonnaise flying everywhere. I was horrified and somehow managed to mumble out "Sorry to interrupt your lunch?" wherein she just shook her head, smacked all ten of her inch long acrylic fingernail tips and then said, "What's up?"I like good customer service as much as the next person, but I'm also not there to make friends. So while I found the sandwich massacre to be unprofessional, it wasn't necessarily a deterrent to signing up for tanning.Yet.I inquired about prices. Their basic package for unlimited tanning in their level 1 bed started at close to $30, which is a little steep in my opinion, since most tanning places offer a $20 package for a basic bed. For use of the 1 & 2 beds, it would run you close to $40 for the month. Ouch. For their "premium" package, which is unlimited usage of all beds, $99. And this was only if you are LVAC member, I believe.Now I'm not an Olympic athlete when it comes to my tanning, so I would never use that premium package. I rely on the occasional upgrade to a higher bed, perhaps once a week or so. At this place, upgrades were outrageously priced and made the $99/month package look cheap. Jeez.But even then, I wasn't ready to walk away. A little pricey? Sure. But it all depends on the quality of the beds. So I asked to see a tour.She sighed heavily and asked me to follow her. I was led through a long hallway and was pointed out beds quickly. "This is a level one. That's a two. Four. Three. One. Five. Five again." And so on.There's no nice way to put this: The beds looked awful. They were seriously old models that looked beat to crap. The *only* nice beds were the level 5 models, and I couldn't afford the $99/month pass, nor the ridiculous upgrades.Plus there was no one in there. Not a single soul. I was there at prime time, as well. That's a sign I'm not the only one that was unimpressed.So let's recap.High prices. Terrible beds. Reluctant customer service. Bare facility. Sandwich condiments optional.That is enough to give it a one star in my book. However, I give it two stars here, sheerly for the convenience of being located in the LVAC building. Which is really only beneficial to you if you workout at that location.Which I do. And it still isn't worth it.
3	Bodyheat's pricing varies depending on the type of bed you want to use, the most basic unlimited package cost 25 a month or 22 a month for LVAC members plus they give you a few incentives and and two free spa services when your sign there 10 month contract. The place is located inside the Las Vegas Athletic Club building which is very convenient if you workout there. The place is always clean, never a wait, and has pretty good beds. Even their most basic beds were pretty new and had plenty of features and personally I think you get a better tan doing the 20 minutes as opposed to 10 minutes in the higher level and stand up units. The people at the front desk were friendly but not really experts in there field however, if you need to ask a clerk about tanning you shouldn't be doing it in the first place. Unless you were visiting from out of town there would be no reason to ever get a single tan or not sign up for the monthly unlimited because they are really expensive if you buy your tans based on the individual prices.
5	Great service.quick in and out. Employees are always helpful and answer any questions.terrific beds and products.
2	I used the VersaSpay Triple dip here for a 30 dollar Groupon Special. I felt that the equipment was outdated as compared to the VersaSpa at the Flamingo store. It was extremely cold as it sprayed. My tan looked even on my chest, back and torso but it left my arms and legs streaky. Today, I noticed they raised the Groupon special from 30 to 39 dollars for the triple dip. 30 was pushing it, 39 is totally not worth it.
2	This is probably the most "no frills" tanning place I've ever been to.  While I LOVE that they have a VersaSpa spray tan machine, theirs is an older one that doesn't give instructions between sprays...if you've never tanned before, think of it like the episode of Friends where Ross gets sprayed over and over again on one side.The staff is hit or miss - some of them are super sweet and helpful, some of them are...well...let's just say...not super sweet and not super helpful...The location on Sahara & Decatur is much better!
5	Super clean, very friendly staff!
