4	Gated apartment complex right behind all the action in Philips Place.  Very convenient to Southpark and will be within walking distance of the new Whole Foods that will be constructed soon.  I've had a couple friends live here and the apartments are nice.There are a ton of parking spaces and a nice pool and community club house to use.  I've used the tennis courts here several times.  The courts have a rubberized tile surface so you can get some weird bounces while playing, but they are hardly ever used, so it totally beats driving around and waiting for courts at other places.
1	Terrible!!! Top floor premium rent, and the tiny child-sized toilets and sink are constantly backing up. Nothing has been updated since these places were built. scarred linoleum countertops and kitchen/entry floor. The sink, dishwasher and stove are terribly old and of no quality at all. I truly can't believe they can get away with renting property like this.
4	I have lived here for two months and am very satisfied.  Neighbors who are awesome and quiet, staff who is prompt and a nice apartment in the heart of South Park at a reasonable rate.   The only thing I am not a fan of is the carpet.  It seems like there is not enough padding underneath and it makes your feet hurt/tired.
4	Excellent location, great sized apt. for the $$$.  Very quiet neighborhood/neighbors. Been here for only a few months, but love it.  the staff is very knowledgeable and accomodating.  Maintenance (the one time that i needed it - daughter cracked a faucet handle!) was a charm.  Really, for the money, can't ask for much more.
4	Just moved in a month ago after seeing about all Charlotte has to offer. The apartments are pretty good. Great part of town. There is shopping literally out our front gates. There's even a movie theater there too! Whole foods next door, everything! It's been quiet so far for me here, may have gotten lucky with good neighbors. Occasionally someone below me plays music late and the bass creeps through my floor... But that's not the worst in the world. Friendly staff. The people who live here are relatively higher income judging from who I've seen and the cars they drive. Feels pretty safe. I'd recommend
5	I've lived here for a year and I have loved every minute of it. Speaking from experience of living in approximately 7 different apartments, this is my 2nd favorite of all time. It is gated, quiet, safe and friendly. The gym is wonderful and never overcrowded so you can cancel that $70/mo membership to the Y and save! The pool is the best part of Post at Phillips Place, it's always a fun social time and plenty of space to spread out with friends, never feels overcrowded!If you can't be happy living here, it's your fault.
4	Why you should consider Post Park Phillips PlaceEnvironment - The apartment/condo complex is a gated community, and has garage and underground parking garage lots.  From the outside, it is a quaint place that has beautiful trees and flowers that they have a company maintain it's landscape.  I love walking around with the beautiful folliage during the early spring time.  Perks - Outside the complex, you can walk to the movie theatre, Pinkberry (my friends and family were very jealous), restaurants such as PF Changs, Wolfgang Pucks, The Palm....  There are boutiques that ranges from the high to the low (i.e. K-La).  Also, when you want grab something quick to go before work or start your day, you can have a nice cup of coffee/tea or snacks from Dean and Deluca (love it!).  The SouthPark mall is literally diagonally across the street, with Whole Foods, right on your left side.  You cannot get anything better than this!Apartment themselves - Place: I have made quite a few friends.  I find it very interesting when I visit their place and how their layout is set up.  Overall, they have different layouts to meet any needs for you potential renters!  Although I am a little envious that my friends in the outside apartment gets to have a larger space and allow pets... I definitely am comfortable with my rental home inside the building that has the elevators.  Talk about saving a trip from parking in the rain, or carrying heavy items up the floors -- elevators are so helpful AND they provide cart to push around.Outdoor grill:  You can use their community grills.  They have different spots where you can grill.  My husband and I love to use the grill over by the Charlotn area and the pool grill with our friends.Garden: You have your own garden lot, but must RSVP - it is free!  I just started last month, and so far, it's pretty nifty. I love how they have one of the Vally Crest landscapers to guide you through planting and nursing your plants.Pool: I think the pool is spiffy.  It's nice looking at night.  There are a lot of lounge chairs for you to lay out.. but beware!  During the summer, especially during the afternoon-late afternoon.. the pool will be packed with people. Events:  The CaresTeam will hold an event every month that will get people to mingle and hang out - - get to know your apartment community.Cons?As any other apartment places, they do raise the rent.  So be leary about what you are paying for.  I know we got ours for a good price.. but that price went up and it depends if you are willing to stay or not...The floors, I have seen some with wooden floors - its cool.  The linoleum is not so great, sometimes retro. But if you spruce up your place, you can get past the floors.
