4	Among the the controlled chaos that is East Ohio Street, right in the middle, near the Citizens Bank is the best little bakery I've been to for sweets of all kinds. Amazing handmade, homemade donuts, seriously gluttonous gobs, cookies and really good looking cakes. A nice peaceful oasis to sit and watch the scenes of East Ohio St.Don't get me wrong, I like East Ohio St.  I lived and worked in Central Sq. Cambridge for years, and nothing that happens here will compare to the Central Sq regulars.Great place to get a snack or something nice to bring to a gathering.  Also a great place to get a cake for birthday, wedding, or any occasion. Polite, friendly staff, excellent baked goods.
4	We ordered cupcakes for my mom's birthday.  They were great.  Not too much icing and not too sweet.  The red velvet and chocolate/vanilla were fabulous.  They also make great scones...we had them at the Priory Hotel.Visit this wonderful neighborhood bakery!
4	Cute little bakery with pretty good cupcakes and friendly staff.Upon further inspection online, I discovered some wonderful tidbits on the history of this shop. On the current site of Priory Fine Pastries, was the D.L. Clark Candy Company -- who happened to produce the famous Clark Bar. Isn't that special? I think so. We ordered two cupcakes, a vanilla and a peanut butter cup, and a cup of coffee. We sat down to warm ourselves up after having walked around in the chilly spring air (and after I had been groped by some creep in the nearby Goodwill). So yeah, we needed some sweets and caffeine. Charming and quiet little spot that was nice to just sit for a bit.
5	The best muffins, especially the blueberry, that I've ever had! If you're not a fan of a really dense muffin and want something that practically melts in your mouth, then you have to try these. Their other stuff is great too.
5	I'm a big fan of the Priory bakery. I've been going here ever since I moved to the North Side when I first moved to Pittsburgh 6+ years ago. I've tried countless cupcakes and pastries over the years, and while the richness of their icing may not be everyone's favorite, it sure resonates well with my taste buds!My wife ordered cakes for my birthday from there, as well, and both were very tasty. Their almond torte cake was phenomenal. In fact, just writing about it makes me want to pick one up just because this weekend.Everyone that works there has always been very pleasant to deal with, as well, which leaves me where absolutely nothing to complain about. Well, aside from the weight that the Priory won't allow me to keep off.
4	I do think that the Priory Fine Pastries is one of the few respectable businesses on East Ohio Street and it's very pleasant to have such a fine business located on the Northside.On several occasions I have purchased birthday cakes for both my mom and my sister. The fruit danish is also very good.   I appreciate the small shop feel of Priory Fine Pastries and I am glad to seem them succeeding.
4	I really like the Priory's cupcakes.  I have brought them to the office, given them as birthday gifts, and eaten plenty of them myself and they are always met with rave reviews.  My favorite is the "north sider," a vanilla cupcake with PB frosting and clark bar on top.  The burnt almond torte is a close second and always a good choice.I honestly haven't tried anything from this bakery except the cupcakes--because they're SO GOOD that whenever I come here that's what I end up ordering!
4	Good coffee, great cheese danishes, delicious tiny cheesecakes, yummy pumpkin treats, and tasty peanut butter and chocolate rice crispy treats!A nice place on a street that I absolutely hate.
4	I find myself become a regular here simply for a sweet pick me up. I like their butter cream donuts and cupcakes. Tip let the cupcakes warm up to room temp so that the buttercream frosting softens up. The sugar cut out cookies are delicious too.  Also don't expect donuts on Saturday, either they don't make them or they sell out super fast.
4	When walking down the main street of the North Side, passing rambling drunks and bums, a little ghetto, and more than a few denizens who appear to have just escaped the screen during a showing of Deliverance, one might think that a twister just sucked you out of Kansas and dropped you in OZ as you open the front door and enter the very fine and very out of place establishment that is the Priory Bakery. It's kind of like Dorothy exiting her black and white farmhouse and opening that front door to the technicolor wonders of Munchkinland...but with MUCH better 'Munchkins' than that 'other' bakery chain sells.Cupcakes and cookies and donuts...oh my.The Priory Bakery is a made-fresh old fashioned hometown bakery, but with an upscale flavor. They offer the full range of morning donuts, small pastries and danish, to full scale celebration cakes (and hell, let's just call it like it is...the occasional flat out taste-bud orgasm binge cake). Pull up a chair, pour yourself one of their morning coffees (their bold blend is very nice), order a few pastries, or one of their breakfast (or lunch if you're a late riser) panini sandwiches, and read your morning paper in a very comfortable and clean spot...or of course you could just sit in the window and watch the George Romero film taking place outside.The staff is very helpful and friendly, not over the top, but not coffee-house uppity with multiple piercings hanging over your order. They goods are a little pricier than the 'chains', but then these goods are actually baked in that big kitchen thing they have in the back. They're not shipped in in a giant freezer truck from a conveyor belt processing plant in Peoria. They're not pumped full of preservatives so that they'll survive the trip. They just come out of the oven, are put on a tray, stuffed and drizzled, and the longest distance they travel is from that kitchen to the front display counter.  Unless of course you grab a dozen or so and take them home. I'll pay a few cents more for something actually made with real ingredients (was that actually a raspberry seed wrapped in berry pulp??) over something bio-engineered and artificially everythinged to benefit the dear 'shareholders'.Of course there are still a handful of neighborhood bakeries around, Prantl's and Paddy Cake, and Oakmont if you're up for the drive. But Priory adds the extra touch of their seating and 'dine in' option. Paddy Cake doesn't have it, and Prantl's, at least the one in Market Square, isn't exactly a comfy little nook for hanging out. Oakmont has that option, but again...load up the SUV and take that drive.  In the burgh of Pitts, the Priory is a pleasant little oasis. On the Northside, well, it's downright Oz.I can also recommend ordering your office celebration cakes and such to pick up. That office worker's birthday deserves something good.Make it a Priory-ority!
4	Their cheese danishes are delicious!
5	I'm always a fan of the Priory.  Fantastic selection and everything always seems very fresh, as in same day fresh.  Prices seem fair and the customer service is always great.  A fantastic establishment on the North Side!
4	Cute bakery and friendly staff. Don't really know the prices of pastries because we were there for wedding cake tasting. Cake was great but not the price. Got to taste all batters and all fillings and could make up combos too (5 cupcakes and 7 fillings in a small dish). Price we got quoted was almost as much as our limo bus so we will not be using them for our cake. Again very good just not what we are willing to spend on a cake especially because we don't care really about cake other than chowing down on it!
5	I haven't even left my parking spot yet and I feel the need comment! Their donuts are delicious and the young lady that helped me was friendly and adorable. We're from California and I want to come back to Pittsburgh just got to Priory!
2	Stick to the pastries. Got a couple panini's. Wouldn't recommend doing that. The chicken pesto panini had that weird precooked "grilled" chicken in it. And the ham panini had a sauce that I just couldn't do. Very weird taste. The donuts are alright tho.
3	I have had various samples from here on numerous occasions and they are OK but nothing spectacular.The cookies have a bland taste and the cupcakes' presentation is a lot better than the actual taste. It is almost as if they taste over processed or something. The buttery, sugary taste that you expect from chocolate chip cookies instead tastes like flour with a little butter and sugar with chocolate chips in it I am not a fan of their icing. It is sweet but tastes as if it is laking something. Good icing to me should taste so good you could eat it on its on. The icing they make here is kind of blah. It tastes good as part of the whole package, but it is nothing distinctive. When I eat it my brain doesn't go off saying of there is Priory's icing. I feel like most bakeries have a distinctive icing taste that makes it memorable to their bakery. I do not get that feeling with theirs.If you get any cupcake the almond torte one is probably the best I have had there.
5	These are great sweets. A wide variety of donuts and cookies as well as tea and coffees. Next time I will try the cakes.
