4	Great little indian restaurant with a fairly extensive menu. Highly recommended.
4	Tiny place but packs a big punch. Great food, although a tad pricy. My girlfriend, who apparently is a professional rater of Indian food, says this place is hands-down the best in the city. I think La Lumiere de L'Inde is a bit better (and cheaper) but I DO think it's excellent.
4	This place is tiny and adorable and I love going there.The food is really good, but always a little bit sweet for my taste. Even the naan tasted sweet once. But I still love it...
5	This restaurant knows how to turn plain old rice into something addictive. I'm talking about their palao rice, which is an exquisite melange of subtly fragrant spices and roasted onions. It is the perfect complement to their tasty and flavourful curries. Aaahhh... the wonderful butter chicken that melted in my mouth without a fight! My dinner companion had the lamb tandoori, which was more than sufficiently spicy and definitely delicious. Indian restaurants are easy to come by, but good ones like this tiny `hole in the wall` are not.
4	Oubliez le service avec un sourire. Ici, ce qui compte, c'est la saveur des plats!
2	Went here for lunch. Cheap? Absolutely? Good? Well...not so much. Pretty bland. The flavors ran together and everything was overcooked. Maitre d' and waiter hovered over us the entire time in an effort to shuttle us out. Also, the naan is heavily sweetened. Some folks like that. Me? Not so much. Maybe I'll try it again, but I doubt it.  Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
1	Worst Indian food I had in my life ...You can taste that the oil they use is old.Just disgusting ...Very overpriced which is not explained either by the bad quality of the food and the horrible atmosphere.
1	Awful. Used to be good decades ago. Now they just don't try. Every other Indian restaurant on this street is better. They use bad ingredients. One of the vegetable pakoras was actually rotten. Everything was limp and lifeless and the flavors were one dimensional. Even the naan was dry. It must have been from the day before.
1	Ordered butter chicken, vindaloo and onion baji. Asked for the dishes to be extra spicey and was told they cannot alter the flavour of their dishes as they are especially designed. Okay...I can respect that, and was secretly waiting for a great flavour surprise by the chef that was so confident and proud of his dishes that he would not change them.Wow, was I in for a surprise. The butter chicken was so sweet it was nauseating.The onion baji was also sweet, they tasted like ladoo/balls of sugar. Even the yogurt sauce accompanied the baji was sweet. Even the naan was sweet.We ordered basmati rice, but it was also flavoured in an unflattering way.The flavours were not balanced, and the overpowering sweetness was inescapable, and made the food inedible after several bites.$50 of take out that ended up in the trash. Very sad. This is the first restaurant review I've ever felt compelled to write, but it was really bad.
2	Came here with a bunch of friends. There's nothing wow about this place. The food is pretty average. Nothing special at all. I'd rather spend 3 bucks and take a bus  to Park & Jean Talon and get some tasty & not too pricey Indian food. Food : MehService :MehAmbiance : MehWorth the price : Neh
