4	So I was out looking for a Mom's Day gift and wound up here.  They have a really nice selection of diamonds and gemstones.  Overall, it's quite a bit nicer, and more expensive, than the nearby Kay Jewelers but not crazy like Cartier.  Not that I wouldn't love a Cartier piece...Ryan, are you listening, can you hear me?The service was excellent.  The sales people are personable and knowledgeable, and more than willing to show you as much as you would like without attitude.
4	After passing my boards (woot!) it was time to find a little reward for myself after years of agony and sacrifice. Nothing serves this purpose better than big honking diamond stud earrings. I scoured the Internet, not knowing diddly-squat about diamonds. I wasn't stoked about spending that kind of cash, sight unseen, so buying off the net was out of the question. So I headed off to the Mecca for those who worship at the altar of Consumption: Fashion Square. Macy's? I was ignored, and then finally unenthusiastically "helped" by someone who barely spoke English. Kay's, being its bad ghetto self, didn't have any earrings large enough. Cartier... well, now, they were above and beyond stunning, but cost as much as the annual GDP of some small African countries. Plus, they had these weird spring loaded safety backs, which I could just imagine slipping out of my greasy little fingers and shooting down the drain, only to be replaced at a cost of $300 each or something. No. My rings are Cartier, but for earrings? No. Tiffany's was closed. Evidently people who have JOBS and can only get to the mall in the evening don't get to shop there. I stumbled into Ben Bridge, fatigued and confused. There I met Matt, a young, only slightly user-car-salesmanish sales associate, who was very friendly and helpful, and never once treated me like I was stupid (which I am) or poor (which I am not). He absolutely bent over backwards to find the best set of stones at the best value, which ended up falling right in the middle of my price range. Because everything I do is high-maintenance and difficult, I needed to have the earrings within a day and a half for this fancy dinner, and one of the stones needed to be ordered, and then both set. Matt really went above and beyond, even offering to drop them off at my work so I would have them in time. He was at once friendly and professional, without fail, and the earrings are gorgeous, exactly what I wanted.  Thank you!P.S. The stones are certified, and you can trade them in with BB should you decide you want something different in the future. Can't beat that!
5	I didn't want an engagement ring with no diamonds at all. I wanted my soon to be husbands birthstone instead. Ben Bridge was the only company that had aquamarines with a blue color. Kay jeweler heats theirs until they are almost white. I found this beautiful trillion cut on their web site. Emailed the store to see if they had it. They replied quick with a yes and set it aside for me. When I got stuck in traffic and couldn't make it there, they happily rescheduled my appointment via email. Then unexpectedly sweet Matilda called said she was putting it on hold for me.   When I got there Matilda greeted me and even though we had never met she greeted me with cheer and got the ring from the back. I fell in love with it but my boyfriends pay day was a few days away. She set up everything for us to pick it up on Friday no trouble at all. While we waited for credit to go though, she let my boyfriend try on bands. So kind.   In my quest to find a ring we liked, Helzberg never said hi. Kay was ok. Jared freaked out when I tried them on. Ben Bridge has a new customer for life. Thanks to kind souls like Matilda.
5	Ben Bridge may not have the name recognition of Tiffany's or the designer panache of Cartier, but this jewelry store is top notch in my book. Matt, the fella who sold me my diamond studs a couple years ago, also helped me with my first big-girl watch recently. In the grand scheme of Rolex buyers, I am hardly a high roller -- no gold, no diamonds, no flashy flash bling bling a ling for me. Matt still treated me as if I was spending $20k on a watch, both during the sale and after -- he still remembers both my and my SO's names and treats us like their best customers.BB will also clean and polish jewelry at no charge -- and they do a BETTER job on my Cartier pieces than Cartier does. And they are friendlier. Matt also helped me with a necklace that I hadn't bought there -- he identified the material, the stones, and cleaned it up lickety split. Where else are you going to get this kind of service? It's a rarity in this day and age, but it's made me a customer for life.
1	DO NOT go to this company. They have terrible customer service, especially at the corporate level! My wife, who worked at a jewelry store for over 3 years, and I took her wedding and engagement ring to be cleaned by what we thought were professionals. They were more than happy to take our ring and charge us for cleaning but getting the ring back was more complicated than it should have been; actually it was impossible because they lost it. When my wife went to pick up her ring they gave her somebody else's ring to which my wife promptly told them that "this is not my ring." Long story short it took them over a month to locate the ring which was sent to a Zale's customer some how and to get it back into our hands. No one has reached out to us to apologize, nor have they made any attempt to rectify the gross negligence of their company and the people they employ. The corporate representative that I had to contact myself was absolutely useless and lacked any sort of professionalism. Her emails were condescending, lacked any kind of sympathy or responsibility, and it always seemed like she didn't even think we were worth her time. For a company that supposedly "For five generations, Ben Bridge has been committed to offering the finest jewelry and unsurpassed personal service at the best value." they sure know how to shit on their customers. They definitely don't have unsurpassed personal service as they don't even care about their customers or the extremely personal, meaningful, and expensive jewelry that is entrusted to them. We will never use Ben Bridge ever again and we will make sure to dissuade anyone and everyone we know to keep them from experiencing the same stress and trauma we did.
4	Recently purchased a Rolex here. The lady that helped was nice, helpful, and patient. She was knowledgeable as well. I'd recommend buying your Rolex here vs Hamra in North Scottsdale because Ben Bridge offers a 3 year warranty vs Hamra only offers the 2 year manufacturer's warranty. The only downside is their selection is a little smaller than Hamra's. Overall happy with the experience and was able to get the watch I wanted. The only feedback I have to the people running this organization is if I'm spending 20K on a watch, don't do a budget cut on your shopping bags you give out to your customers. I'm walking out of the store, and I don't even make it to Macy's before the handle on the bag breaks and my brand new watch almost goes flying to the ground. Seriously, that is poor representation of an authorized Rolex dealer. Had to walk back to the store to get a new bag.
