2	Me and a co-worker came here for lunch today to try this place out since it just opened recently.  When we pulled in the parking lot was really crowded, which meant it was pretty packed inside too.  We sat in the bar so we didn't have to wait for a table.  Placed our orders and then our waiter brought us a basket of bread.  We ate those right up and then sat there for about 5 minutes, hoping our food would be coming soon. It still wasn't ready (we both ordered pulled pork sandwiches with one side) so our waiter offered us more bread.  Still waiting, no food, no bread.  Our waiter comes back and says the bread was still baking and that our food was almost ready.  Finally, about 10 minutes later, our bread came, and then about 5 minutes after our food arrived.  They mixed up our orders (I had my sandwich on a bun with mac and cheese, my co-worker had his on sourdough with mashed potatoes.  My sandwich was on the plate with mashed potatoes and his sandwich on mine.)  Anyway, we only had to swap our sandwiches so that wasn't too big of a deal but it was a little annoying especially since we had to wait a little long for what I would imagine wasn't a difficult thing to make.  So, the pork was good but a little dry in parts, I had to add more bbq sauce to each bite so that I wouldn't have to chew so much.  The mac and cheese was a little too creamy for me, not the best.  Our waiter asked if we needed more water once but never did fill it, we had to ask another worker to get it.  I did finish my plate but it wasn't anything I'm dying to go back for!
3	I easily would have given my first visit here (through the drive-thru) an easy 5 stars as the food (6 piece chicken strips w/ Habanero BBQ Sauce on the side) was PHENOMENAL!...however, I had to wait close to 10 minutes to get it.  Now, I must say it was piping-hot, fresh, and damn delicious when it finally came out, but service needs to be in-place to make the experience worth 5 stars.  After ordering, paying, and proceeding to drive up to the second window...I waited 1 minute to have an unfortunately dirty-looking guy tell me (nicely) that it will be a couple minutes before the food comes out.  Okay, no problem, right?  Well, that was the last I saw of him until he handed me the food 8 minutes later with no apology, or any further explanation as to why it took that long when they are clearly trying to offer drive-thru service as a means of getting their incredible food.  Perhaps a sign is needed (Drive-thru) telling potential customers that food may take awhile!  We don't know what's going on in there!  Of course we want fresh and hot food, but don't leave us guessing that our food might be being neglected for whatever reason!  At least put a sign up if the food usually takes 10 minutes through drive-thru!  That was some fine-tasting chicken strips, however!  Huge!  And that habanero BBQ sauce (which I didn't see listed on the menu) is incredible if you like spiciness!  I will go back!
4	Carolinians, you no longer have to go to Charleston for your Jim N Nick's bbq.Cost to worth it ratio: 3Eve award: best cheese biscuits--move over Red LobsterHighlights:- Cheese biscuits: more like a muffin actually--soft, fluffy, cheesy, with a bit if sweetness and complete with a crunchy outer layer. You need at least a few baskets of this when you're here--the rest is just filler.- Pig salad: not just iceberg but romaine and spinach as well topped with the mother size of all croutons, plenty of shredded cheddar, charred meaty bacon, succulent grape tomatoes, and my favorite clincher: almond slices. You have a choice of meat and beef brisket is always mine. Solid salad.- Beef brisket: my fave is still in Texas, but this is pretty good outside of that. Thick but tender pieces with inherent flavor. Not quite cuttable with just a fork, but close.- Drinks: they have a full bar and impressive beer and wine list. I don't expect great wines at places like this but they touted glasses of honig sauvignon blanc and seghezio zinfandel. Also they make great cocktails with fresh squeezed juices. I had a peach tea which used their lemonade and even though it was on the sweet side, it was great. Big score for a casual spot with great food and drinks!- Atmosphere: Open, comfy, roomy, and woody. Love the booths against the wall.- Service: fast, friendly, and attentive.Midlight:- Bbq sauce: I like a buffet if options and you get 2 choices here. Regular was tomato based but a bit too light and vinegary for me. I was a bit scared off by the habenero, but I prefered this sauce, as it was a darker mollasses-like color and didn't have an unmanageable kick.Lowlights:- For some reason I think it tasted better in Charleston where I was completely blown away, but don't get me wrong--it's good stuff.Excited to have this location relatively c
4	Pretty darned good! For a "chain" BBQ place, Jim 'N Nicks still has a lot of the taste of a hole-in-the-wall. If you're looking for casual dining ala Friday's/Tuesday's/Applebee's, but with BBQ and a full bar, this is the right place!My sliced brisket plate had a great tangy/smoky flavor and the meat was perfectly tender. No knife needed here. The 'tater salad was crisp and cold, well mixed up with a few pieces of potato in there. The baked beans are clearly not straight from the can. They have a BBQ zing to them as well as pieces of meat and onion - yummy.The sweet tea needed nothing, though the staff kept refilling my glass and pouring in more and more crushed ice.Would I come back? You betcha!
4	Alright look, I'm a california girl.  I don't know much about authentic BBQ really... but I do know what tastes good.IDK what it is about the beans here, but they are like crack.  I would come here and just eat the beans.  Wholly mother of god they are good.I had a pulled pork sandwich that was good.  It lacked spice but I fixed that right up with their habanero bbq sauce.  That sauce was so damn good I just wanted to put the bottle in my purse.  Then I realized I couldn't take it on the plane... so I held back.We had six people (well, 5 and a bebe), and the bill was only $80.  Not bad.  Service was awesome.  Just don't serve me that sweet tea when I order tea, OK?!  If I don't use words like, "y'all" when I order, then understand that we west coasters don't get down with that sugar water.  Blehhhhhhchh.When I put a little of the habanero sauce in my beans it's like, OMG, this might just be the best thing eva. EVAHHHHHHHH
5	My wife and I live just around the corner from Jim 'N Nicks, so we tried it out a while back. Since the Steele Creek area is mostly new development, most of the nearby restaurants are your typical Fridays/Applebees chain restaurants. I realize Jim 'N Nicks is a chain, too, but it's not as ubiquitous as those other places.Now, here's what you have to know about this experience. My wife doesn't like barbecue anything. At all. So she wasn't thrilled about the prospect of eating here. The smells that I'd been a-smellin' from the Harris Teeter parking lot were driving me nuts, though.We had a little bit of a wait to get a seat the Saturday night we went, which seems typical for restaurants around here. Once we were seated, we were served by an extremely helpful young lady who did the following things, in no particular order:- kept the cheese biscuits coming- made sure our lemonade glasses were always full (and seriously, you've gotta have the lemonade. Soooooo good)- helped my wife pick out something on the menu that a non-barbecue eater would like, and- when my wife wasn't sure about her selection, she brought out a little sample of the item so she could taste it and see if it was something she could eat a plate of.The place isn't perfect - the food can sometimes take longer than what would seem necessary, but in their defense I'll take that over we-got-this-out-quicker-because-we-made-it-45-minutes-ago any day, and the one time we got to-go food, it took even longer. Their drive-thru window could use some help, too. But other than that, it's a fantastic place to take out-of-town guests, something we've done twice now to rave results.
2	Since we've moved here Jim 'N Nick's has continued to disappoint us.  At first this place was great.  Good food, good portions.  But lately they have been skimping on their portion sizes.  Once my husband mentioned the change in portions and his waitress basically flipped out saying they haven't changed.Last night was the last night we are going to Jim 'N Nicks.  The sandwiches have shrunk, the mac n cheese (which use to be delicious) was horrible.  We will now go to Mac's Speedshop for our BBQ cravings.
5	I live in Birmingham, so I wanted to see how the one in Charlotte compared.  It's every bit as good as the JNNs in Birmingham.  I had the spare ribs and pulled pork with fries (homemade) and collard greens (ditto), and everything was delicious.  My daughter had the chicken fingers, which (also fresh and homemade) may be among the very best I've ever had anywhere and are great for those that may not be in the mood for BBQ.  Service here was extremely friendly, so I had no complaints whatsoever.
4	Jim 'N Nick's is a great chain BBQ place.  The atmosphere is nice and the people are friendly.  The BBQ meat and sides were satisfying accompaniments.  They have crushed ice.  What really made this place 4 stars in my book was the pie.  It is delicious.  You really can't beat a well made coconut cream pie or chocolate pie, and J'nN's really delivers.  Time for a nap!
4	Obviously the barbecue here is amazing (the smell of hickory smoke fills the air for miles and makes you INSTANTLY hungry), but there are a lot of things this place does well that shouldn't be ignored in favor of gushing about pulled-pork. They have one of my favorite Greek salads EVER (including crazy good fresh feta and imported olives), incredible cocktail specials that are good all day (no just for happy hour), and the Taco Tuesdays (pulled pork or pulled chicken tacos) will blow your mind and redefine your favorite way to eat barbecue. The perfectly-brewed sweet tea and addictive cheese biscuits are too good to pass up, too, but don't be surprised when you gain a few lbs.--they're well worth an extra trip to the gym.
4	Jim and nicks is a good time, the BBQ nachos are great. I like the pulled pork and beef brisket combo sandwich. The pulled pork is perfectly done.
4	So, I pretty much ended up here by accident and took it as fate.  Was around lunch time and I was getting a car looked at, at the Firestone place next door(don't go there).  Could smell the BBQ and decided to use my waiting time usefully.I saw that place was packed, so I walked right up to the bar.  Was greeted kindly and quickly by the bartender.  Ordered a Terrapin Rye and began to scroll through the rather large menu for a BBQ joint.  First I saw Taco Tuesdays, which was just a tease, cause it wasn't Tuesday, but that sounded like the deal.  Then I saw it, what they wanted me to see.  The Double Decker.  From the bottom-Bun/pulledpork/bun/brisket/coleslaw/bun with a side of your choice.  Had to go with the onion rings too, for another 2 bucks.  $12.99 for a BBQ sandwich with O-rings at lunch, this better be good.I sat, drank my beer, watched some tube, and read over the rest of my menu.  A catfish BLT?  Gotta try that sometime.  An array of reasonably priced burgers and chicken sandwiches.  Some time past, never saw my awesome bartender again.  Finally got me some cheese biscuits, pretty tasty.Finally a lady walked up with my food.  It was a great concept and the BBQ was good, but the sauce wasn't quite there.  The backup sauce was labeled habanero, the heat was good but the flavor was barely above average.  O-rings were pretty spot on, but the batter didn't seem to stay on, and they gave the smallest portion of ketchup ever.  My beer was great, but I knew that when I ordered it.All and all, pretty damn good BBQ(hence the 4 stars), but not worth the price.  And the service was mediocre at best.  If I'm ever down that way again, I'll stop back through.  Hopefully it will be on a Tuesday.BTW:Uploading a pretty good lookin pic.
4	Great BBQ!!!
4	I have been to Jim and Nick's a couple of times. Always great service. The food is good and resonably priced. I have tried their turkey, chicken and their ribs. All were great tasting. I would recommend it if you wanted Bar-B-Que. Great flavor, Great Venue, Great atmosphere.
3	My search for the best barbecue places in the Charlotte area continued recently with a visit to Jim 'n Nick's Bar-B-Q in Charlotte, NC.  Jim 'n Nick's has 28 locations in 7 different states and prides itself in cooking its 'que low and slow and making everything from scratch.  I've heard good things regarding Jim 'n Nick's, so I decided to give it a shot.I confess that I got excited when I parked and saw a nice sized wood pile on one side of the building and a pull-behind smoker on the other side.  Once inside, I place my order.  The server was a touch slow to come over and take my order, especially considering that the restaurant was not busy at all.  I decided on a combination platter with spare ribs, hot links, pulled pork, and chicken.  For my sides, I picked BBQ baked beans and onion rings.  I chose the hot links as one of the meats since they were featured by the restaurant at the Big Apple BBQ Block Party.I was a little surprised when they brought out cheese biscuits instead of hush puppies to go along with the meal.  However, the biscuits were very tasty.  After a little while, my plate comes out of the kitchen.  Wow, that's a lot of food!Before digging in, I saw there were 2 different sauces available on the table.  Why yes, I do think I'll try them out.  The original BBQ sauce has a little lighter color than ketchup.  A naked taste tells me that it's not overly sweet and a little bit bold.  The other sauce is the hot habanero sauce.  There is more molasses present in this sauce.  It is a bit sweeter than the original sauce, and it has a good amount of heat.On to the food...  all of the meats came out pre-sauced.  I usually prefer that it not be sauced, but this is just a personal preference.  The pulled pork was very moist and flavorful.  The sauce worked well with the pork.  However, I could not detect any hints of the meat being smoked.  The chicken was also very tender and moist.  The cut I was given was a bit unusual -- I was given a breast and wing rather than a leg quarter.  Not quite bite-thru skin, but that's okay.  It was still flavorful.Now on to the hot links...  I could instantly see why they were the featured item.  The sausage was extremely tasty.  Perfectly cooked and just the right amount of heat...  that made for a tasty treat!  The disappointment for me was the ribs.  I could see that they were smoked.  However, they were dry and overdone.And now to the sides: the BBQ baked beans were adequate.  They contained bits and pieces of pork shoulder.  I would have liked for them to be a little bit more bold.  The onion rings, on the other hand...  WOW!  Those were some fine onion rings.  I could've made a meal on them, mainly because they were so many.  They were very crispy and very large.Overall, I confess to being a little let down with Jim 'n Nick's Bar-B-Q in Charlotte.  Maybe it's one of those places where the food is much better for dinner than for lunch, and maybe other locations are just better.  Again, some items were excellent (the hot links, for example), but I guess I just had higher expectations -- especially with the ribs.This review is available with photos at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2011/04/05/review-jim-n-nicks-bar-b-q-charlotte-nc/.
1	No comparison to Mac's Speed Shop.
4	Let me just start by saying this is NOT my famous mouth watering BBQ.Now that I got that out of the way, it is not that bad. Of all of the BBQ places in town, this is probably the best one near me.  The menu is pretty diverse, the place is always packed, and the food is consistently good.On this visit we chose to use the call ahead seating. I would strongly recommend this option if you are visiting on the weekends, as it is not worth 30 minutes or longer to wait.The hostess was very kind, and we only had to wait 5 minutes for our table.  Our server was very friendly and courteous, but she did seem to be a bit preoccupied as she came to our table with small plates(with bread in hand), but neglected to leave those wonderful cheese biscuits we were anticipating.  We had to ask for those delightful morsels of cheese and bread. ( I have added a picture). This is a very important part of the meal.On this occasion I had the Double Decker with beef, with Mac and Cheese.  It was surprisingly big, yet I was able to manage to get my mouth around this monstrosity without making a mess. ( I have added a picture)I would recommend this to any BBQ fan, however we all now that in the south, we are very persnickety about our BBQ. Every opinion will vary, but again, my friends and family know BBQ and they come to me for the good stuff.NCFoodGuy
1	horrible       go  to bubba's
2	Feels like they tried to mask the lackluster food with huge portions and super friendly service. I was with a party of 6 so we called ahead and were promptly seated upon arrival, which was nice because this is a happening spot. The bar was full and at 6pm on a Friday the wait was already getting lengthy. Both the hostess and server were as sweet as the tea, which made up for the bbq that I didn't find particularly impressive. Between all the people at my table we ordered a good portion of the menu, a thumbs up was given to the free cheesy corn muffins, bbq turkey and fried green tomatoes (which aren't actually on the menu). While it was a dollar upgrade the beef brisket left something to be desired as did the creamed spinach and fries. I probably won't be returning to this bbq joint as it has lots of competitors, but as I said it seemed to be a popular place for the locals so maybe the majority should rule.
4	Went to Jim and Nick's for the first time after church yesterday.  It is apparently the happening spot for mid day meal on Sunday...but we still only had a 15 minute or so wait.  The cheddar biscuits they bring while you wait were very good - I recommend them! I had the grilled chicken club and fried green tomatoes...the sandwich was great, the tomatoes were okay.  Also at our table we had BBQ sandwich, kitchen sink nachos and a two meat platter with brisket and some kind of sausage.  Everyone seemed pleased with their meals (after sending the nachos back to get them without the half head of lettuce that was undesired) and our service was good and our glasses were usually full...overall a good visit and I'd go back and try some of the other things I saw on the menu! Check it out if you are in the area.
2	Good beef brisket. BBQ sauce is a tomato based sauce, nothing special and kind of plain. They need more spices in their sauce. Their coleslaw was very good. From their advertising they are proud of their cheese biscuits. Eh, not much to them. The beef brisket was first rate.Bring your favorite sauce, try some cornbread, with their coleslaw and it would be 4 star.
3	[southern accent]Feller Yelpers,I had the esteemed pleasure of visiting this joint while on a business trip to the banking (bailed out) capital of the south, Charlotte.  This was a lunch outing with some of my colleagues.  We decided to take a right turn somewhere amid warehouse world (this is how I affectionately called Charlotte's Industrial park at Westinghouse Blvd) ending up at Jim and Nick's.This looked like a decent enough lunch spot from the outside and the parking lot was packed, this is always a good sign.  I always figure that a restaurant with an empty parking lot is either closed or people had such bad food that they left in a hurry to take care of business, i.e., north brown and south brown.  Walking into the place I was immediately reminded of a generic BBQ spot that is trying too hard to be a sports bar.  It fails miserably at this attempt since the amount of TV's per capita is shameful.  I counted a total of 5 TVs.  They weren't big screens either! Blasphemy.We were sat in a corner booth and I must say our service was subpar.  The food was brought out on time and it tasted good.  However, considering we were on a rather tight schedule, for this was a lunch break, the server could have been quicker and more attentive.  I think not one of our glasses of water was refilled.  I didn't know Charlotte was located near a desert which explains the reason for the conservation of water experienced at Jim and Nick's.  Although, I think it was related to bad service because if my public school Geography class lessons serve me right, the US is the only country in the world with an advanced civilization and freedom.  Oh, and there are no deserts in the southeast except for foreclosed suburbia.They served a basket of biscuits (see my photos) that were as greasy as a shell rapid lube attendant's slicked back hair.  Not only were they greasy, they were filled with cheese and had a sweet kick to them.  They weren't bad until I had to have my aorta flushed so that my heart could continue to beat after first bite.  I ordered myself the beef brisket with baked beans and a side of the vegetable of the day (see my photo).  I was trying to be healthy with my veggie choice until I saw that the day's choice was butter with a side of corn on the cob.  I can't believe (no pun intended) how much butter was on it.  I have not seen so much butter in my life since the nationally syndicated Fabio commercials.  I miss them.There was a reservoir akin to the Hoover Damn one of butter under the corn.  I still enjoyed it though.  I was a bit self conscious of going at it full speed since projectile butter kept being shot at my co workers from where I bit into the corn each time.  After some expletives, I gave up and saved my cholesterol the heart ache, see what I did here?Overall, go here for some quick grubs during lunch time.  Other than this occasion, I wouldn't go here.  The food is good and the atmosphere is bland.See y'all.[/southern accent]
4	This is one of my favorite places to get good southern food! Although the collards aren't the best I've had, the brisket surely makes up for it. The staff is friendly and helpful. I often get carry out and it's just as good as sitting down at a table. I highly recommend Jim and Nicks if you want that southern fare!
3	This place wasn't bad at all. Not outstanding, but definitely not bad. The pulled pork sandwich was satisfying and met my expectations. The server was friendly, the fries were good and crispy, the hot sauce was hot but still had flavor. The place and food just seem overall generic. I dunno that I'd highly recommend this place, or have a burning desire to come back. But if you do eat here, you won't be super disappointed. Just not blown away, either.
3	Every time I drive past this place on 160, I'm curious. Giant tin roof, lots of scattered lighting fixtures. What was this place about? On my last trip home, I finally decided to give in to my curiosity and gave it a try.Decent service. Decent food. Nothing to get overly excited about, but nothing to say "no" to. Everyone else seems to be obsessed with the corn bread cheese biscuit things. Usually I'm all about some sinful carby treats, but these were not worth the calories, in my opinion. Get me one of those Red Lobster biscuits and we'll talk. The BBQ was average -- the kind that you get out of the south and people freak out over...but when you're actually in the Carolinas and you're serving BBQ like this...I'm not impressed. I will say the Mac-n-Cheese was pretty legit and yummy. Bottom line, if you're not super duper into finding the best BBQ, this place is perfectly fine. It would be a great place to take a family out for lunch. But if you're looking for something super delicious and special, this ain't it. Keep on looking, kiddies.
4	This is one of wifey's favorite restaurants in the Charlotte area.  When we are back down in the Carolinas, this is a MUST stop.  While the BBQ is not the greatest, it is a very good version...kind of a "Texas" style with Brisket, Pork, Sausage, Turkey, etc.  Not a typical Carolina barbecue place with just chopped pork...First course...the cheesy corn bread muffins...OUTSTANDING!  As another reviewer said, I can eat them all day!  These are fantastic...and now...they will sell you the mix so you can make them at home...For me, I typically get their barbecue turkey with fries.  Their turkey is smoked and very juicy.  They put a bit of their barbecue sauce on it...and away you go.  Very good turkey.  The fries are hand cut and well fried...another winner.Wifey typically gets the brisket and really likes it as well.  I have found it to be well prepared and also quite juicy...not dry as many restaurants make it.Finally, the lemonade (my fav) and sweet tea (wifey's fav)...both are very good and come with some crushed ice that makes them even colder!
4	Great food. A bit overpriced.
5	I was recently in NC checking out the area as I am possibly moving down there this upcoming year.  I am currently in NY this place had excellent Food and Service.  Babyback Ribs, Mac and Cheese, Baked Beans and southern burger were EXCELLENT!  If you live nearby this place is a great place to go with the family!  If you don't live nearby this is a great place to get some GREAT southern style BBQ!
4	The BBQ Train Stops @ JIM 'N Nick's...I am not saying I know everything there is to know about BBQ, but I can say I have dined at dozens of BBQ places up and down the east coast, and in my humble opinion, Jim 'N Nick's can stack up to any of them - chain or not!  It starts with that classic, smokey BBQ smell wafting through your nostrils the second you enter the spacious parking lot, and get out of your vehicle.  Upon entering and being seated, a friendly server came right over and took our drinks orders.  Feeling wild and crazy, I decided to go with the Arnold Palmer, instead of my standard sweet tea order when at BBQ restaurants.  I can say that my Palmer was perfect, and not rot-your-teeth-out sweet either.  As for the food - I ordered the half rack of ribs (see pics) with baked beans and mac-n-cheese.  My gf ordered the veggie plate (which was pretty much  an entree with three sides) - she got fries, mac-n-cheese and collard greens (see pics).  After a short wait, we received our food, took our usual pictures for all you Yelpers out there, and dug right in!   My gf and I were both thoroughly impressed.  The ribs were superb - tender, moist, full of smokey flavor, and truly fall-off-the-bone!  There's nothing worse than a restaurant that advertises fall-off-the-bone ribs, and the ribs are stuck together like Siamese twins!  I can give the ribs my full endorsement.  Don't even get me started on the sides - the mac-n-cheese and baked beans.  They were both full of savory goodness, and tasted more like something your grandma would make over Thanksgiving than something served at a chain restaurant.  I mean, there are still many places out there serving up Kraft box, mac-n-cheese, and calling it "homemade" - not Jim 'N Nicks.  The baked beans were as good as any I've had in recent memory.  They were seasoned with pulled pork and you could actually see the chunks of pulled pork in the bowl.Even though I might receive some negative feedback for this, I am gonna go ahead and put it out there anyway - Jim 'N Nicks is as good as any BBQ establishment in the Charlotte area.   Is it the best BBQ I've ever had? No, of course not, but its far from average, and way better than many of the locally owned "legends" that sadly  populate the greater Charlotte area.  The next time I think of going to Mac's, I will probably pass, and go check out the new kid on the block -  Jim 'N Nick's!
5	When we cheat on our diet, this is who we cheat with!  We bring all visitors here first when they come to Charlotte.My happy place is the deliciously tender and flavorful Baby Back Ribs and the flakey, mouthwatering Fried Catfish.  My husband prefers the habanero sauce, but I use the regular.  The potato salad is our go-to.  The mac and cheese is so rich and delicious, but we stay away from it now.  Their starter cheese biscuits are like a wonderful desert and the Sweet tea is just right.   Their smoked turkey is also delicious, but we can't seem to pry ourselves from our usual order.  I'm sure the rest is fantastic, but we are creatures of habit.  So far the customer service has been exceptional.  So, 5 stars!
4	This place is dangerously close to our new house which means I will have to rein it in on my addiction to kitchen sink nachoes.We first tried this place a few months ago and have been back multiple times.  The atmosphere is great, they have their own brand of beer and the food is very good!The little cornbread cheesy muffins they bring out before your meal are very addicting and before you know it you have gobbled down 3 before your dinner arrives....whoops!Kitchen Sink Nachoes are my favorite, they are nachoes with queso (liquid cheese for those not in the know, it is a requirement of my husband's for all acceptable nachoes) pulled pork! more shredded cheese, lettuce, jalapenos, and BBQ sauce.  I don't know how you could possibly go wrong!I've also had the chicken club sandwich, a burger, and pulled pork.  I tend to shy away from large platters of meat so I stick to a sandwich.  The potato salad is great and the collard greens are wonderful as well.  Lots of parking and pretty reasonable prices!
4	Finally got to eat at Jim N Nicks and yum. If you aren't a fan of chains you should know that each location can source their ingredients as they see fit, that's pretty unique. I had brisket, butter tender. At the table we had fries, onion rings, beans, slaw and fried green tomatoes. All fresh and delicious, particularly loved the beans. This is crazy but the cheese biscuits - one was plenty for me - they are super sweet. Good stuff, looking forward to going back.
4	A very good place all around.  The service is quick, prices are reasonable and the food quality is very good.They even have a drive-thru which is super-fast and convenient.  I've even ordered for 8-10 people at the drive-thru and it's quick.The cheesy biscuits are great, as are the baked beans.  Salads pretty good too.  I would give them a 4.5 if I could.  I'm stingy with my 5's, but this is a strong 4.  You won't go wrong here.Yes it's a small chain, but it doesn't feel like a chain.
4	Fairly priced, delicious ribs, generous portions, fun atmosphere, good service, great beer, yummy sides--What's not to like???
4	Chain BBQ restaurants are usually our last choice for dining, but Jim N Nick's is a wonderful exception to the rule. Never eaten a bad thing here.  Service is consistently good.
5	This is the best BBQ I have ever had and their Mac n cheese is to die for!! Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere has always been good as well. A Must try!!!
5	The service here is incredible - always fast and friendly. The food is delicious and the free biscuits draw me in every time. The BBQ nacho is awesome, I literally crave it. I can't say enough good things about this place.
4	This place is a chain, and feels like a chain, but they do a great job.  Training of service staff is excellent, and you can tell they run a tight ship.  Food comes out FAST.  And it's very good.  It's a bright, lively atmosphere with lots of happy, helpful staff.The yummy cornbread-cake-cheddar muffins are so good.  I like everything I've had there to date.  Favorites are tacos and massive potatoes loaded with your choice of meat and all the usual amazing baked potato toppings. The place is loud and it's a family joint, so expect big tables and lots of kids.  We found the best place for folks sans kids is at the bar or a bar area booth, maybe.  They have a separated area for groups, too.
5	I would have to say I disagree with the previous review on one issue. While Jim N Nicks is a chain, and the decor is definitely chain-like, the food is not. Very good quality, super tasty and abundant. Always great service and friendly staff. We go there a few times a month. I love the Pig in the Potato Patch!
3	First off, I must note that this is a chain restaurant based out of Alabama.  If you're looking for a real local Carolina BBQ joint, this is not the place you want to look.  That said, they do have good food and the service is generally good as well.  If we didn't live so close to this place we would not go out of our way to get there.  If your goal is to get some good Carolina BBQ and you know your Carolina BBQ, go elsewhere.  But if you aren't turned off by the fact that it's a chain then it's worth a try.
5	We eat at Jim N Nick's once or twice a month. They have great BBQ pulled pork and excellent beef brisket. All of their food is from scratch and its obvious when you taste it that it's not mass produced. True they are a chain and not a stand alone mom and pop, but it doesn't matter because they do it from scratch and they do it well. Notable sides are their 3 cheese homemade mac n cheese- reheats well, so take it home if there's any left ; ) and their collard greens are excellent- a little spicy with decent sized chunks of meat. Their hand battered chicken tenders are pretty good too if you aren't in the mood for BBQ. Lemonade is light and sweet and well balanced without being cloying. Finally they have fresh made pies, so far we've tried the coconut cream, the chocolate, and the pecan. All have been great. Highly recommend.
4	always good barbecue..when in doubt this is where I go in Charlotte. Comfort food. get the beef brisket, its awesome!
3	Come for the huge mugs of beer. Stay for some big ass ribs.I usually don't want to review chain places, simply because most chain places are mediocre. I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The food was really good and they had good beer available in big frosty mugs. This was my first experience with ribs in the south and it was a good one. I don't care for chains that much, but I would go back if I find myself in the south again.
4	An easy go-to if you're not a BBQ snob. It's not the best I've ever had, but it's certainly passable BBQ and ranks in the top 10 for Charlotte BBQ places. Pretty affordable with dinner+drink running you about $12-15. Hidden gem here is the drink specials which are sometimes too good to be true. A few friends and I split a bottle of wine for 3 bucks each, which doesn't get any better.The true standout is their biscuits. I'd come and eat only those, to my own detriment. I know you'll ask for seconds of them.
5	I think Jack 'n Nicks has the best BBQ and Brisket in Charlotte!!
5	So fresh! Fantastic customer service as well. I love that they have a drive thru too!! So lucky to live so close to this place.
3	I don't usually love a chain, but the fella and I had been intrigued by Jim 'n Nick's since it opened, and we finally made it there on a Wednesday night.  We realized we should've sat on the bar side since the restaurant side was full of screaming kids and felt like a Shoney's/Sonny's, which is fine, but I think we were both thinking it was more comparable to Mac's.  Not so much.Our waitress was nice but slow and kept complaining about how needy her other tables were and how tired she was.  Have I mentioned I HATE when servers complain to me while they're waiting on me?  'Cause I do.I have to agree with everyone else about the sweet cheesy biscuits they bring out before the meal; I finally had to put the fella's dirty napkin over the basket to keep from eating every. single. one.  I got the Hickory-Grilled Chicken Breast Plate with baked beans and cinnamon apples, but they were out of apples, so I went with mashed potatoes.  The chicken was juicy and a little too salty; the beans started off sweet and turned spicy (yum); and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were from scratch.  The fella was underwhelmed with their beer selection compared to Mac's, but he went back and forth on whether their pulled pork sandwich beat Mac's.  He wasn't a fan of the sauce coming on the sandwich, but he got over it... and he said J&N's collards beat Mac's hands down.If we go back, we'll definitely opt for the quieter bar side, and the fella will probably try their bourbon selection instead of their beer.
2	To be honest, J & N's is not my favorite.  The BBQ is too salty and oversmoked for my taste.  Service is good, and the place is very nice.
4	Just went there once, but the food was great.  I had pulled pork on a baked potato, and it was tender and moist with lots of flavor.  Because I'm gluten and casein free, sometimes it's hard to find things to eat, but the waitress was super friendly and checked on ingredients happily for me from the kitchen staff.  Peach sangria was heavenly.  Definitely am going back.  Pretty good for a chain.
5	Loved this place! Got the pulled pork , sweet tea and coconut cream pie.  Couldn't have asked for a better lunch!  I will definitely stop here again, next time I'm in town.
5	Great place to eat berry fair price food very tasty try the ribeye great and the pig in potato patch ......
5	Love everything I've had here but my fav is the baked potato with pulled pork....da bomb.
4	Probably my favorite place for barbecue! Pork is amazing, as are the little biscuits they bring out. You might wait for a bit on a weekend at this location but it's worth it- food and service are great. You can smell the meat smoking as you get out of your car and WOW. I I love that they don't have any freezers on their premises also.
5	Very good food and service!  Seated Fast during peak dinner hour. Food and Service is way above average! The pulled pork is my favorite. Moist, tender n just plain yummy !!!!  Eat here and you will leave happy! Well run place. CUDOS Jim & Nicks!
4	This place was recommended by the locals. So we tried it and it was very good. The parking lot was full but then again we went on a Saturday night. Love these little cheese biscuits even though they look like mini muffins. Had the ribs,beef brisket,mashed taters with gravy, Mac and cheese was goooood. Very cheesy and creamy just how I like it and collard greens had a smoky taste to it. Which I also like. The only thing I didn't like was the ribs had an over powering smoky taste to them. I had to rub the BBQ sauce they give you to even it out. But still good. I will be going back and suggest you give it a try.
4	First time visit.....  enjoyed their little cheese biscuits .... Had the ribs,beef brisket,mashed taters with gravy, Mac and cheese was goooood. Very cheesy and creamy just how I like it and collard greens had a smoky taste to it, wonderful....
2	I was craving ribs...and I still am.  Disappointing to say the least.Went at dinner time and the restaurant was busy, but we got a table for 2 right away.  I ordered a beer, which came tepid with a non frosty glass.  I asked for a cold one and the waitress returned with a beer already in a glass...think they poured it across to a frosty glass?  It was a little colder?Ordered a half rack of baby back ribs with fries and green beans.  The food came fast, a little too fast in my book for ribs.  The ribs were tough.  I was expecting fall off the bone tenderness.  I sawed the meat off the bones with my steak knife.  The ends of the meat were scorched and too crunchy to eat (some of that was in my husband's pulled pork sandwich too, which had to be removed while eating because they were too hard to eat)The handcut fries were greasy and just ok.  The best part was the southern green beans; soggy, salty, and cooked with ham.  Wasn't worth the trip.
4	We were in town for business and the company we visited recommend this place, so we took their suggestion and came here for lunch. Oh my, those cheese muffins are so delicious. I couldn't resist! The sweet tea is really good too! I had the double decker, which has pull pork and brisket in it. It was nice and tender. The BBQ sauce was ok. I didn't know about the spicy kind, otherwise I would've ask for it. It wasn't on the table. . Overall, it was a good BBQ lunch.
3	I wanted to visit this restaurant since moving to the area a few months ago. It was just ok. I was disappointed overall, I expected much better, especially for the price. The brisket was good, but the ribs were barely ok. Fixings were not that great either. I don't know that we will be going back.
4	Started off kind of rocky with the long wait and cold mash potatoes, but the management and cook value great customer service so my meal plus dessert  was comped. Thank you
5	Jim and nicks was super today.  The baby ribs were perfect, probably the best ribs I have ever had.  The smoked chicken is always great, super tender with great flavor.  Everything is unique at this restraunt from the lemonade and potato salad, to the pickles they serve.Also the drive thru is convenient for times when I need to bring something home for the family.
3	I have had a lot of bad BBQ. This was not bad, but it wasn't great either. I had the "pick 4" sampler. The ribs were a bit tough and not as juicy as I would have expected. They had decent smokey flavor and the BBQ sauces were good but altogether they were average. The brisket was unremarkable, pretty much what you get most chain type places. The pulled pork was better than average but not by much. Of all the meats I tried the sausage was the best in comparison to what I have had elsewhere. It had good flavor and just the right amount of heat.As for the sides... The mac and cheese was just ok, I wasn't impressed by the beans, the grilled corn was alright but nothing special. The highlight was actually the corn bread. The bread is made into little corn bread muffins which were absolutely excellent.I should say that the service was excellent and helped to make the overall experience A-OK instead of just ok.Overall I would say it is a typical family friendly chain that might serve the purpose if you are hungry but is not a must visit when in the area.
5	Service was very good. Beef brisket was tender and very good. I will be back.
4	We read reviews on this place ahead of time saying they had a big beer selection, but we saw they only had 4 on top. The waiter said they use to have a huge bar and they downsized it. They also stopped doing beer and drink specials. The beer I liked, they stop carrying. They also had food "specials" yet, they werent any different from what was on the menu nor a price difference. The cheeze biscuts or conrbread, whatever they were, are VERY addictive! We got the brisket and it was very good. Tender and juicy on a nice roll. Mac n Cheese is homemade and good but a VERY small portion. I had a half and half tea/lemonade, decent. Service was speedy. I also had the peanut butter pie for desert, very yummie. Its more of a family place now and certainly not a place to go for drinks. Im not sure why they downsized their menu, but thats not a good sign.
4	Good food, friendly staff, and comfortable atmosphere for family or business lunch make this place a winner. Not NC style barbeque, but I don't care.
4	This is a staple in our house. The staff is awesome, corn bread on point, and honestly if you have crushed ice in the drinks I'm a happy camper. We frequent Jim and Nicks for various reasons and I've had lots of things on the menu from their butter bean hummus, to the smoked turkey salad, to the pig patch, to the sourdough turkey sandwich and it's all been good. The bacon jam in the new appetizer specials wasn't really what I thought it was going to be, but hey anything with bacon can't be all bad.
3	The Mac N' Cheese was really good, as was the potato salad and the bread (cheese biscuit), bbq sauce and the pickles.  My pulled pork sandwich was a little drier than i would have preferred, but that's likely because I didn't have any beer with this meal.  I would come back and try the ribs if given a chance.  I'd also get beer with it too.  All in all a fun experience that I enjoyed!
4	I HAD to try some North Carolina BBQ since I came here for work and one of my coworkers recommended this place to me so I decided to give it a try since she was a local and so I did for dinner tonight. I got the 4 meat Mr. Jim's Deluxe combo so I could try a little bit of everything. I chose the brisket, classic pulled pork, baby-back ribs, and the smoked chicken along with mash potatoes and macaroni & cheese for my sides.The brisket was ok but the ribs were pretty damn good. The pulled pork was up there with the ribs as well. My favorite was the chicken because it was so moist and tender. The mash potatoes were delicious and that gravy is to DIE for! I put that gravy on everything. The macaroni was so rich and cheesy. The best part about eating there were the unlimited cheese breads which is like heaven in your mouth! I would definitely recommend this to those who are visiting Charlotte, NC!
4	Went for dinner during a week night and there was plenty of outdoor space to enjoy a nice dinner on the patio. Server was great, good was good, definitely exceeded my expectations. Will go back again.
5	Dinner Apr 14Lunch Apr 17  Yeah that's right folks, I ate there 2X this week......Why you ask?  In my opinion there is no BBQ place that does so much so well.  Are there places that make better Ribs (yes, Dreamland), are there places that make better chicken (yes, Full Moon), are there places that do better Onion Rings (yes, Mac's Speed Shop).  BUT no one does it ALL better EVERY TIME like Jim N' Nicks. Smoke Flavor, fresh food and consistent quality - that's Jim N' Nicks!  They are my overall #1 BBQ place in the world.  Cheese Biscuits, Home cut Fries, Homemade Bake Beans,,, HELL, everything they sell they MAKE THERE...they hand roll their Onion Rings, they make there own Deviled Eggs and even can their own Pickles they garnish the pork with.  Did you know that they raise their own PIGS and that's the pork they sell in their restaurants?  Who else does that?  Seriously, these folks are serious about pork!  Have you had their Homemade Pies?  INCREDIBLE!! Miss Mabel's pies made fresh in store daily!  Not to mention this location has one of my favorite waitresses ever -- Miss Leigh!  This is a MUST STOP for me on every trip to Charlotte!
3	The food is tasty. The restaurant and decor are fine. Service is very good. I am only rating three stars because the portions are stingy.
5	I'm a big fan of the bar-b-q here.  You can smell the smoker working its magic as soon as you enter the restaurant. The star of the show is the meats!  The smoked ham is good too!  They do ribs well, brisket well, and pulled pork well!  I usually get the smoked turkey breast with the montgomery county white sauce.  The turkey is always moist, juicy, and delicious.  The sauce is creamy, slightly vinegary, a little spicy, and peppery.  Love it!   While your waiting for your order, they serve up some of the most incredible cheddar muffins.  Fresh from the oven, and the cheese is gooey in the middle.  Don't eat too many though!  Also, be sure to save room for dessert, the pies here are awesome!  Chocolate pie, peanut butter pie!!  They're really flexible when ordering sides.  I just wish the portion were slightly larger especially for the potato salad.  And they rotate side items daily.  How about fried okra? Bottom Line - they do bar-b-q very well here!  They mix a lot of regional specialties from Carolina pulled pork, to Texas brisket, to Memphis style ribs, to Kansas City style meats here.  They also mix up some good bar-b-q sauces.One of my favs!
4	We loved it! Great smoked BBQ all around (ribs, pulled pork, chicken) and the sides were all rather good too for a change. *Note - avoid the Brisket.  I've had it 4 times and they can't get Brisket right here. It's always tough and dry. I feel like many BBQ places don't put much effort into the extras but this place has decent sides. You get an endless basket of amazing cheese biscuits if you dine in, score!Prices are reasonable, maybe a little high. Slightly stingy portions - not quite enough for leftovers. I'll be back!!
4	The staff was quite friendly, even though I showed up nearly 45 minutes before the rest of my table. In the meantime, the biscuits were plentiful to the point that I had to take a small box of them home because they kept bringing them even after we got our entrees. The food itself was good and arrived promptly -- in particular, an off-menu sweet potato casserole was only available by circumstance but was entirely delectable. It seems odd they pulled it from the menu, but I hope it makes an eventual return.
3	5 stars for the pulled pork, cheese biscuits, mac & cheese and barbecue sauce. 2 stars for the baby back ribs (way too dry) and potato salad (mashed and "off" taste). 2 stars for customer service, understaffed for Mother's Day and not fully refunded for ribs I was unable to eat. Manager was condescending and needs to get over himself.
1	A tale of two issues. Good food, surprising (in a bad way) serviceWent there tonight with my 12 year old son. I ordered the ribeye, he ordered the ribs.I could tell from the first bite, he didn't really like his; there were lots of little pieces of bone (which will happen sometimes), but also he didn't really like the taste. I tried to encourage him to tell the waitress, but he doesn't like "making a fuss".About 2/3 of the way through the meal, the waitress came to see how everything was, and i told her "my ribeye is great, but he really doesn't care for the ribs actually" (and gestured to his plate which was barely touched). She looked, and looked at him, and said "oh, that's too bad" and left. Note: other than this, she was great; very attentive, refilled drinks, etc. But this is the moment where the staff can either get customers coming back or.... not coming back. And she clearly decided she didn't care. I quickly finished my ribeye (which was really very good), and she brought the check, we paid, left, and that's that. Probably won't be back.She had every opportunity to suggest bringing him a different entree, or even just crediting back the price of his entree (I was more interested in him enjoying his meal since he picked the place; than in getting my money back) - but she didn't give it a second thought. I would guess the General Manager would have liked to know since most good restaurant managers know this is the moment where you retain or lose customers, but i really wasn't in the mood to be the one to proactively ask for the manager and spend more time there. We were ready to leave.So - good food for the most part (appetizer biscuits are good too), but unfortunately they probably lost a customer because a waitress wasn't in the mood to solve a problem.
4	Jim N Nick's ... Alabama meats North Carolina. The pork is wood smoked as it is in most BBQ locations. Their plus is that their meat is tender and most time moist if you get a plate. You get a sandwich and all bets are off. Their sauces are a thicker red sauce more like what you'd find in Al, TN and Western, NC. Their Habanero sauce would be my favorite. I understand they now offer a vinegar North Carolina Style sauce but I've yet to have it. That will be my next review as I prefer the Vinegar sauces.Sides are awesome here and every Jim N' Nicks Location I've eaten at. My favorite sides are Potato Salas and Baked beans. But I will sometimes get their greens.  Their potato salad is very creamy, very tasty. It is just down right good. Their baked beans are some of the best around, a little sweet but extra good when you throw a little of your pork into them.I will add that they offer sausage which is pretty good but again a bit sweeter than I'd like; their ribs are most times a pass for me. They are not bad but not outstanding either. When I am in the mood for something other than pork I get their catfish sandwich which is very good.And if you like Lemonade, this is your place! Theirs is awesome.This is a chain and you'll find locations across the Southeast; most of the locations in TN and AL. I see they also have a couple of locations in Colorado with more coming that way. They are one of if not the best BBQ Chain I've come across.
4	Great experience! Great food! Would definitely go again. The ribs are fantastic.
4	This is an updated review.  We went back there in June 2014.  Somehow the place had improved a lot.  The food was not nearly as salty as it was the last time we went.  It was actually very good.  Everyone in my family liked their chow a lot.  The parking lot at J&N's is ALWAYS packed, so that is always a good sign too.
5	Great BBQ pulled pork sandwich, ribs and loaded baked potato with BBQ are my favorites. Restaurant always clean. See the same friendly servers. Great customer service. Food consistently good!
5	Absolutely love this placeGreat foodAlways friendly staffI like to bring my friends here for lunch and dinner
4	Great food !!! Excellent chicken tenders!!! Their honey mustard is soooo good !!!! Yummy yummy cheese biscuits !!! Their Mac n cheese is too cheesy for me.
2	First impressions: 8:00 Friday night and they're packed but no wait. We got the last table outside. Good chill atmosphere. Albert King. Bistro lights. Street is close but not too loud. Cornbread muffins certainly aren't amazing but they're pleasantly edible.Service is rather slow but they *are* packed and since we got the last table, I'll assume we're the last of a big rush.Peach tea was wonderful and the chopped peaches in the bottom were actually fresh! Wish the straw was bigger or it came with a spoon - or a bubble-tea straw.We were offered more bread and said yes.We got the Queso, Smoked Tomatoes, Nachos appetizer. Fail. "Smoked tomatoes" = salsa with liquid smoke dumped in it. Some of the nachos were so stale they ripped instead of breaking.Our food came and we asked for the bread again.The beans were excellent.The "Carolina BBQ" was barely edible, it was drowned in liquid smoke. BTW, If you know your BBQ, you're offended by the fact they call it Carolina BBQ instead of east coast. (It's vinegar based. Or is it liquid smoke based...?)She came to clear our appetizer plate and we asked for the bread again. (Oops, I forgot to ask for a refill.)I liked the mashed potatoes but my wife said they lacked flavor - they're lumpy and fluffy with skins. She came out and asked if we wanted more tea - our glasses were empty. We'd given up on the bread but she said she just remembered it and would bring it...The bread finally came.We finished up eating.The refills came and we asked for our check.15 minutes later: 13% tip.Won't be back.
2	Not a big fan of the sauce. Too light. Almost like a sweet and sour taste :/. But they do give you a lot of pork. The mac n cheese was really good though!
5	This is our third time eating at Jim and Nick's and we have loved it each time. Their pork barbecue is some of the best in the area and the potato salad is always good. The bar has been on each time also. Great food and a good price! Restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.
4	Jim N Nick's is the only place in the Charlotte area that I can find a barbecue stuffed potato, a long-time favorite from when I lived in TX. The potatoes they use are gargantuan, so it always means I have leftovers for another meal, never a bad thing. I've never seen a bigger potato, to be honest. The cheese biscuits are awesome - if by some miracle I didn't need a box for leftovers I'm pretty sure I'd stow any leftover biscuits in my purse.
4	Holy moly come hungry. I ordered the baked tater with pork... it was HUGE and really yummy.. not healthy by any stretch. We also ordered the brisket sandwich, I didn't care for the brisket but BF said it was ok... the mac and cheese was super good and the biscuits were excellent.
4	All of the sides are good and the cheese bread rolls are addicting.  I have had both spare and baby back ribs and prefer the taste of spare ribs.  I will try the pulled pork on my next visit.  This place is highly recommended and will not disappoint.
5	A+ AwesomeAlways great service and food. Sit at the the bar every time Meredith is great!Smoked wings (ordered just drums no up charge) great taste and cooked perfectly.House salads great and the cup of chili fantastic...watch out for the Serrano pepper garnish heheheFresh squeezed juice for your drinks yum 1/4 chicken plate great sides !Tons of food, great place!Will come back!
1	I never write food reviews but had to make an account to do this.  We ate there tonight and it was one of my worst experiences ever! The BarBQue pork had more fat than meat- it was awful! The onion rings are the frozen kind - not homemade.  The beef brisket was cold.  The sides were bland.
5	Chopped Beef Brisket!!  And the Cheese Biscuits might be the best I've had, period !! The Barbeque plates are great as well.  I've always had great experiences at this location. When I have friends in from out of town who want a Southern style meal I take them to Jim N Nicks and they are always left with a lasting impression.
5	Great food! We're from up north (PA). Stopped by because we were hungry and a place that's busy at 11:30 am on a weekday has to be good! Not disappointed. I'm not much of a meat eater. Loved the southern chop salad! My husband tried both chicken and pork barbecue. Both were excellent! But the deviled eggs were delicious! We ordered a second order to go!
5	Ok so u all know I usually complain about either he sauce or the ribs or the sides. This place has it all. All home made and great. Two types of sauce both are a molasses style but one hot and one sweet. Then the ribs omg perfect smoke ring. I got Mac and cheese as side and onion rings would recommend both!!!! I guess this place is a chain. About thirty restaurants but I give it 5 stars.
2	This review is a little overdue by a month or so.  Anyways, I'm not exactly sure what all the hype is about here.  I would say Jim N Nick's is pretty good had I not had other places to compare it to, but it is just in between 2-3 stars for me.We came here on a Saturday afternoon with not many people there, so the service was great.  However, we had called to see if they would have a certain game on and we were told yes.  Once we got there and started to order, we asked for the channel to be changed to the game we wanted to see.  They did not get it...so much for that.The food is just okay, we got a platter with classic barbeque and ribs.  Both were okay, nothing special.  We also got it with a side of mac and cheese and bbq chips.  I am a huge mac and cheese lover, but these just did not do it for me.  I loved the creamy consistency, but the choice of cheese and flavor of cheese was just not right.  The bbq chips were also nothing special, just like your standard bbq chips.  I will say I did like the complementary cheese biscuits.I could see us coming back here once in a blue moon if we are craving bbq and want something close, but really, the best place to go in Charlotte is Midwood Smokehouse.  Not exactly convenient or close, but it is well worth the drive to that one over Jim N Nicks and others for good quality bbq.
4	I just moved here from FL and wanted to go get some real southern BBQ so heard good things about this place and I wasn't disappointed at all! Ribs and pulled pork were amazing colored greens delicious! They have free cheese biscuits that are out of this world staff was super friendly and prices were good! Cocktails were good too
2	I love the food, but the last three times we were here the service was pretty bad. We've been ignoring this fact because - brisket!!! - but I'm really, really hoping it improves.
5	Amazing, low key restaurant. Make sure you get their muffins!
5	I've eaten here several times. I suggest any of there pork plates. It is $$$$ but you get plenty off food.  The sides are gray  the mac and cheese. The cheese Biscuits put the ones I've had at ruby Tuesday and red lobster to shame.
5	One of the company's vendor's in Canada ordered lunch for my office and one of the guys went to pick it up instead of delivery (Christmas busy season); we had brisket, chopped pork, potato salad (not home made but good); baked beans and sliced spiced pickles (unique but good) and of course SWEET TEA.  This was my first experience, they did good.  Will order again for the office and myself.
5	You will scream and shout with joy!!  Best bbq joint I've ever tried.  The Carolina pulled pork sandwich is so incredible I almost fell off my chair. It's not super sweet like some other bbq places which overload their bbq sauce with sugars. This is true vinegar based Carolina BBQ and truly delectable.  It's topped with the most deliciously flavored and spicy pickles, I was in heaven!  Every time I return to NC trust me I'll be returning.  I highly recommend to everyone!!!!!
