3	Boring and not very Mexican if you ask me.  Just a couple steps up from those ready made fajita kits that you can buy at the grocery store.
2	Oh Yelp how I have forsaken thee.  I strayed from the true path and trusted the recommendation of a coworker about the Fajita Grill.  Lies, all lies, to lure me away from you.  Will you ever forgive me. I swear it meant nothing.The chicken mole and the fajitas were okay, but were expensive.  What really says it all though is that they charged us for stale chips and salsa.
4	I actually like this place quite a bit-- maybe in the best mexican food in Pittsburgh.  Good place to go with a group of people.  Menu is somewhat traditional with a few surprises.    Guacamole was pretty good.  The salsa I have had has always been pretty good.Big bonus is that it is BYOB.
3	Ooh, being away from pittsburgh made me forget one of my biggest disappointments: BYOB. Personally, I think they should post a sign so that I don't bother. I mean, for lunch, that's fine, but we were out on a lovely warm friday night, and given that there aren't that many places that even sell alcohol at night in the area that you can walk to, it's a pretty big hassle. So that was strike one. Strike two was the super-slow service. I mean, I do understand that the servers weren't getting nice drink tips, but if they would turn over tables quicker (esp. on friday night) they would be able to at least make a bit more tip money. I should mention that the wait staff were very nice, just not exactly attentive, though that could mean they were understaffed. Strike 2.5 was the way overpriced menu. The food was quite good, but at about $15 for an entree plate, and having the gall to charge for chips and salsa, at a place which isn't a good date restaurant (for lack of booze), that's pretty sad.I only said strike 2.5 because I did really quite like the food, when it finally got there. But I think I'll save this as a lunchtime only kind of place....
4	In my opinion, this is one of the better, fresh-and-healthy Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh. I have been going to Fajita Grill for about four years now, and I think that the service has improved exponentially. It really used to be terrible, but it seems that they have addressed the problem on my most recent two visits. I still probably would warn against going here on a tight schedule though. The food is as delicious at it ever was. It can be a bit pricey, but the restaurant is BYOB, but with a steep $5.00 per bottle corkage fee. There are two liquor stores within walking distance. There are also several bars where you could get six-packs of beer, so I don't know why the BYOB policy (a standard in liquor-license stingy Pittsburgh) is mentioned as a problem for some reviewers. I recommend the fajitas with shrimp and grilled vegetables, the enchiladas with Cancun chicken and mole sauce, and the grilled cheese and chorizo appetizer. Also, the outside patio is really nice.
3	Food: plenty options for all palates, many healthy choices, three vegetarian options which were very tasty (we tried them all), the food was served steaming hot (in every sense of the word steaming)Price: somewhat expensive, a table of three paid over $50 plus tip for essentially fajitas with no appetizer or desert, typical for Shadyside thoughDrinks: BYOB with cork feeAtmosphere: we sat outside, the patio is very nice, nicely lit, plenty of space for each table, covered from above from rainService: not very friendly, and incredibly slow, we waited 40 minutes for our meals from the time we placed our order, our drinks were not refilled during that time or during dinner, waited forever for the check, and they were not that busy at the time(+): great location, good food, nice atmosphere(-): too expensive, slow service, not unfriendly but not cordial serviceWould I go back again? Maybe
2	I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that actually charged for the chips and salsa. I guess it would be ok if the chips and salsa were the best chips and salsa I've ever eaten, but the chips did not taste homemade and they were cold. $3 for cold store bought chips and salsa? Come on!I felt the food was overpriced and it took a long time to come out of the kitchen, despite almost nobody else dining in the restaurant. The menu is small for a Mexican restaurant and the inside dining room is very poorly lit, so it's very difficult to read the menu. My friend and I both had fajitas (I had steak and she had chicken) and we both enjoyed the food. Not the best fajitas I've ever eaten, but still pretty good. If they were to drop their prices by 20-30% and stop charging for chips and salsa, then I'd consider going back but until then, I'll fill my craving for Mexican food somewhere else.
4	Solid place. Nice outdoor seating in summer as wellPros* byob* amazing fresh salsa* generous portionsCons* don't go here looking for a quick meal.
3	This place is very unauthentic Mexican food.  However, it's not that bad, and generally OK.  It's also a BYOB.  Though, it is pricy for what you get.  First off, the salsa tasted like it came from a jar or can.  The guacamole was the same.  I had the chicken fajita, which was quite tasty, but it was only chicken on a bed of lettuce with a few spices.  I'm allergic to sweet peppers, so they didn't serve me any. No beans and rice accompanied this though.  Overall, the place is very accommodating.  It's a great little location and the atmosphere is nice inside.  They do have some outdoor seating as well.  Nonetheless, I don't think I'll be back even though I think it's OK, b/c I prefer authentic Mexican to Americanized, OK quality mexicanish food.
1	Went with my husband on a Wednesday night. We were the only people in there. The interior was cozy, a little dimly lit...fairly good decor. We were brought chips and salsa. The salsa was good but the chips were cold and probably straight out of a store bought bag. NOT a good start..We ordered a chicken fajita each. The waiter first brought out a taco bowl filled with guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, and shredded cheese( no rice or refried beans) and it took like 5-6 mins after that for the actual fajitas to arrive. One of the worst fajitas I have ever had. The chicken seemed dry, the dish was low on salt and seasoning, AND the pieces on the bottom were fully charred and bitter. Blegh!Throughout our meal, we could hear really loud noises of pots and pans that sounded like they were being thrown about in the kitchen.....At some point in the middle of our dinner,I asked the waiter for some hot sauce like Tabasco or something and he said they don't keep any. What Mexican restaurant doesn't keep hot sauce?! He did, however, recommend another kind of sauce and said I would be charged for it. I ordered it anyway. It came in a teeny cup and definitely not worth something to pay for.They have a deal running through the end of Nov wherein you buy one entree and get the second one half off( on Tue, Wed, Thu). Even saying that, our bill was lik $30+ (including $2 for the sauce). Overall, not a good experience... Wouldn't come here again, even with the half off deal.
4	Having lamented the lack of solid Mexican food in Pittsburgh, I was pleased to find Fajita Grill.  Though they don't satisfy my Californian craving for Mexican street food, as one other reviewer put it, this is pretty solid higher quality Mexican fare.  Dinner started off with salsa with chips, which were good.  I personally didn't think they tasted as though they came out of a bag, although they were cold.  I just took it to mean that they had been made earlier, which is fine.  We actually liked the salsa quite a bit.My husband had the black bean soup, which he liked.  I tried their Tortilla soup, which was solid (but a bit small, for my taste).  Would have liked it with some sour cream too, but they served it with some cheese, which was nice.Highlight of the evening was my main entree, the garlic shrimp (al ajillo).  It comes with a salad, which basically consists of lettuce, some bell peppers and carrots, doused with spicy dressing.  It was a little too spicy for me, but I appreciated that the entree came with it.  The shrimps were absolutely fantastic - perfectly cooked, lots of garlic and just the right amount of spice.  Combined with the seasoned rice with beans, and I couldn't stop eating it.Will definitely go back again.  Try this place not for the usual Mexican stuff, like tacos or burritos, but go for the big ticket specials.  Yeah, it's a bit pricier, but I'm guessing that's where this place shines.
4	BYOB and the food is just outstanding.  Only four stars because the waiter is, well, offensive.  He doesn't mean to be and thinks he's being funny, but he literally said to our table with two young women, "Okay, let's have the pretty one order first" insulting the other beautiful woman who was with us.  He also made some crude joke about fire balls, some kind of cheesy spicy appetizer we ordered.  I could look past this because the food is so good, the others who were with me could not.  Their mole is arguably the best in the city however and the outdoor dining is great, BYOB is great, and it's a good value.
2	Pros: There are lots of options, and the portion sizes are big.  The ingredients are fresh, and the staff is courteous.Cons: The food is only OK.  Every meat dish we ordered came out a little overcooked and tough, and there was way too much cilantro in almost everything.  And while the prices aren't exorbitant, it's not exactly a great value either.
2	I love Mexican food.  I live across from the Fajita Grill.  I have only been there twice (in 4 years).As many of the other reviewers have said, the food is sub-par Mexican food.  I appreciated the complementary chips and salsa, and the incredibly unhealthy Boat Dip was pretty decent.  I had the Tofu Mexicana, which was mushy tofu and overcooked vegetables.  As hit or miss as Mad Mex can be, since it opened I have been there more times than Fajita Grill. It is BYOB, but when I eat Mexican I want an ice cold margarita.  They also charge for sharing plates ($2.50) and ask that you split your check prior to ordering.
4	Great food, obviously prepared with pride and care. I will certainly be back.
4	Food was pretty authentic and flavorful. Portions were big and served with complimentary chips and salsa. Only downside was it was a tad pricy.
