4	The Gyros are pretty standard fair with a healthy portion of meat with fresh onions, tomato and a tzatziki sauce that hits the right notes.Lots of tables but it can feel a bit cramped but the atmosphere comfortable and friendly, they don't have fountain drinks, but a "grab it yourself" fridge with a decent selection of canned soda, which just seems a little odd to me, but if your there for the Gyro you won't be disappointed!
1	It had been over a year since I last visited this restaurant. I should have waited even longer. The place was empty which should have been an indication of how the food has changed - not for the better. 2 of us ordered the Gyros salad. How hard can that be to make? Gyro meat, lettuce, onions, 1 tomato slice and sauce. Unfortunately for us, apparently it was hard to do.  Because they seem to do little business, the lettuce was turning brown on some pieces. And the gyros meat had been on the spit a little too long. Pieces of it were crisp and hard to chew.  The meat really had no taste to it either. I won't be back. And from the looks of it, neither will many others.
2	Romen's was not terrible but easily the worst kebab/gyro that I have ever paid for.  My order took some time so I was expecting a delicious meal as I've found that great food often comes with a longer wait.  Instead I was treated to a small portion of bland meat, skimpy toppings and light on the sauce.  I've paid less for more food and have had better kebab/gyro sandwiches at many places.  It's a haul for anyone up in the Sun City/Surprise area but if you want a great Middle Eastern/Mediterrainian sandwich (or food in general) take a trip across Apache Blvd in Tempe and stop at one of the 5 or 6 places between Mill and McClintock.  They will not disappoint.
1	I have never ordered a chicken gyro and received something so disgusting. The "chicken" was a flattened hunk of mystery meat. It looked like a couple slices of thick turkey lunch meat packed with fillers. There was no way it was going in my mouth. I pulled it out and then tried to eat the--now veggie--gyro. It was still awful. The tzatziki sauce was so bland it could have been water. The pita itself was nothing special. And the water from the soda fountain dispenser tasted worse than tap.
