5	Tix 4 Tonight has 4 locations in Vegas, which is nice.  We happened upon 2 of them during our four day stay.  It seems almost too good to be true at first, but they're legit- they really do get you cheap seats to the good shows, or 50% off entrees at the super expensive restaurants all over Vegas.  The only trick is that it's same day (or sometimes next day) but so what?  We got half price tickets to a show of Cirque du Soleil's Mystere only a couple hours before curtain, and still walked over to Treasure Island in time to reserve fabulous seats.  We also recommended it to my uncle, who was going in a party of 40 to Pampa's, a somewhat pricey Brazilian steakhouse.  What a great idea!  I love this place.
5	When I first heard about tix 4 tonight, I was worried that they would only have tickets for crappy shows.However, I was pleasantly surprised!  They really do have half price tickets for a wide variety of shows and restaurants!So, if you are on a budget, you did not buy show tickets in advance, and you aren't picky about exactly what show you see, then this is a great option.When I went there, they even had tickets for shows like Mamma Mia and Cirque de soleil.  However, for these tickets, they recommend that you line up 30 minutes before the store opens, and there is no guarantee of what they will have.  I found the staff there very helpful and friendly.  We went there around 6:00 pm (after all of the huge shows were sold out), but the staff helped us choose half price tickets for Folies Bergere, which was a fun show.They charge a ($3 or $4?) service charge for the tickets, but the price is still very good.  They also have a coupon on their website.  I would use this service again and perhaps get there earlier next time.
4	Solid savings on shows you actually want to see! This place makes it pretty insane to pay full-price anywhere. I've used it to save $25 for La Reve at the Wynn, and I've used to see Craig Ferguson for $16 at the Orleans. There's no reason NOT to go here.
4	I've gotten great deals on show tickets and restaurant discounts here.  If you come back the following day, you get bumped to being VIP, but remember to keep the booklet they give you that says you're a VIP and/or your ticket stubs.  We came back the following day without it, and we had a little bit of a hard time convincing them that we really were deserving of VIP status + getting $2 off our next set of tickets.
5	I blamed my lack of attention to detail for never noticing this place until my recent visit.  I walked past this place countless times, it is right next to my favorite daytime Vegas destination (read: M&M World), yet I still managed to seemingly miss the long line of people waiting to get their cheap show and dinner tix.  Or maybe, just maybe, my brain mentally blocked the sight of long lines which I have always associated Vegas to (long lines on the buffet, on the taxi stand, at the club, in front of the airport security line, get it?).  And what have I been missing out on? 50% off (non-buffet!!!) dinners, cut-price Cirque du Soleil AND .... $10 off Bodies... The Exhibition.  Funny enough, we found Tix 4 Tonight right after we paid a premium at the exhibition, which I was not too impressed about.  Oh well.  There's always next time.
5	Wake up early (I know it's hard in Vegas, but just drag yourself out of bed for an hour, and you can go back to napping) and stand in line at Tix 4 Tonight about 30 minutes before they open (they open at 10am).  The tickets that are available for that night will scroll on screen, and you can purchase them at discounted rates that usually save a decent amount of money.  They have show tickets, dinner tickets, ride tickets. etc.  You take a little gamble to see what they have available for that night, but every time I've been, they have had plenty to choose from.  The key is that you need to be in that line when they open because many of the better shows will sell out quickly in the morning.  After purchasing your tickets, you'll usually go to the actual venue where you'll see the show and get your seats.  It's a really easy, cost-effective way to get a discount on the tickets to what you want to see in Vegas.
3	In all, I think you'd do better just by going straight to the box office for the show you want to see. Tix 4 Tonight has some deals, but the seats I got for my show weren't very good (it's a gamble because you don't get to pick) and I had to wait in a very long line (half of the time in the hot sun) until I got to buy them.  They tack on a $5 fee for each ticket also, so it decreases any money you might be saving.  On a positive note, the people who work there are very friendly.
5	Who knew you could purchase discount tickets for buffet outlets on The Strip. Well you can here...Not only that, show tickets for those who fly by the seat of the pants. Great deals can be had and you can even get discounts on tickets for shows the following day... you have to line up at 8:30 am to grab a limited number of tickets available for next day shows. They open at 9:00 am.Def a great value for an already expensive town.
5	This place makes me so friggin happy - I am not one of those people who roll into vegas with my plans nailed down.  I prefer to come in, take a look around and hit this place up for some random creativitiy.The option for the dicount dinners is nice too.  I've been to vegas twice, and used them for all my dining/entertainment options, and my mantra was.. lets just see where the cards fall.  They fell on penn and teller, Hyptnotist gone wild, the knights dinner thingy, Love,  and so on. awesome service!  and now I'm going to get discount buffet tickets thanks to another persons suggestion for this next trip!
5	We came upon tix 4 tonight on the first day in Vegas. We stayed at the Mgm Signature, and we were exploring LV Blvd and came across M&M world with the Tix 4 Tonight located in there. We did great at this place!! We got half price tickets to the Wax Museum, the Titanic Exhibition and the Todai sushi buffet, all which I recommend highly. Especially Todai. Omg. For the extreme sushi enthusiast, its the only place to hit in LV. They have sushi, sashimi, salads, soups and then chinese food and more seafood such as crab legs, all u can eat lobster, etc. Even if you dont have the half price discount, its still well worth the $23 pricetag. Enjoy!
4	Why anyone would ever pay full price for anything in Vegas is beyond me. This place is great. You get deals on restaurants and shows. Don't be afraid that just because you are getting cheapy tickets you are getting crappy seats. We got a great deal on The CrazyHorse Show at MGM and got great seats. The only draw back to the experience was this one lady that was basically a line Nazi. God forbid you don't move quick enough in line because you are looking at the board with the different types of shows they offer. She'll snap your head off. Take a chill pill lady.
4	If you've ever stood in line forever at TKTS in New York, you'll love Tix 4 Tonight.  They have these booths all over town - probably half a dozen or more of them, which means that lines are short.  The only real problem is that it can be tough to tell what they are selling because their monitors aren't any good.Service is excellent, though, and even if you need to make a return you can - in some instances.  Our tour was canceled, and we went to another booth (not the original one that we went to) and they told us that they had already received an email about the tour and refunded our card.  That was sweet!
4	"press 1 to speak to a tix rep"if you press 1, they hang up on you.  hilarious, and tricky.FINE.. I will go there.  FINE!But that's funny.As for the ticket booth... great place.  You can see all the bizarrely overpriced tickets.  But they also are friendly, give you other advice about vegas, and are really knowledgable.  Well done guys... but minus a star for making me walk anywhere in vegas.  egads people... am I in disneyland?"take the tram to the medieval castle and walk across the street past the M&M village to the giant coke bottle".weird town guys.
4	This is one of those places which I wish I had stopped by before. They have a bunch of tickets at 50% off although you probably won't be able to get the ones you want if it's a popular show, or around the holidays. The other thing they have are food vouchers which gets you 50% off entrees at various restaurants on the strip and off.They have knowledgeable staff members who will help you along the way. For instance, if you enter via the side doors, you will be ushered to the monitors inside the mall area to check out what is available -- that is, if you don't already know what you want to see. Then, you get in line and someone will come over and ask you which show you're wanting to see and then get you to the correct person to help you purchase your tickets.There is a small service charge -- I cant remember if it was $3 or $5 but it's still worth it for the savings you'll get off your ticket prices.There are a few locations, but the one we went to is located at Fashion Show Mall.
5	We got 40-50% off tickets to shows that included Mystere (Cirque du Soleil), Blue man group and Anthony Cools (Hypnotist) from here. We also got a bunch of dinner tickets for 50% off our entrees at a cost of $2 per person.The tickets were well worth it, and even if you dont get the show you want the first day, there are over 20 other shows they have discounted tickets for that will be just as good.The downside is that the meals were not that great. You may have to wait in line, and I'd rather pay extra to eat somewhere where I didn't have to wait. Also the quality of some of the places were not so hot. We didn't overly enjoy the Bally's Steakhouse or Planet Hollywood Japanese Buffet. The Mario Battali's restaurant in Venetian was the only one that was half decent. But they still get 5 stars since the tickets for shows is what we really came here for.
1	What a scam. My opinion is stick to the box office. My wife and I were lured into the idea of getting tickets at 1/2 price...who wouldn't be. We didn't confirm the actual ticket prices and therefore were defrauded. We saw the Jersey Boys great show. Our tickets should have been in the high $60 dollar range (we paid $116 each and were in a reserved section for Tix 4 Tonight ticket holders). We actually had good seats for Barry Manilow, but we paid almost $90 dollars a piece, the guy in front of me paid $82.50. As a former police officer, I have no idea why this company isn't being investigated. I will never do business with this company again.
4	Tix4tonight (t4t) Im a person who is on both sides of the show market. So to give everyone a piece of mind and some educationing here is what you should know.T4t sells discounted shows, restaurants and golf tee timesThe way it works (it's not a scam) is they work with the box offices on getting seats in whatever areas the producers will allow. Some shows like any show at the V theatre wouldn't matter because it is first come first serve type of thing. But some of the major shows like Phantom or Blueman group (hmm Venetian) have sections reserved for tix4tonight customers. Of couse the early you buy your ticket the better the location. The staff knows generally where these are at.Tix doesn't give you the ACTUAL TICKET! it's a VOUCHER! redeem it ASAP at the box office! this is purposely done. Also your probably wondering,... "is this the best deal?"Well that depends on how much homework you want to do. Obviously locals can get good deals already. If your not local which is what this service really caters to, find out about your show. I'd say check the boxoffice always. What deals do they have? And specials or promos? If none, which happens during the height of tourist season then Tix is a great alternative. A few more tips!There are six locations! The busiest ones i'd say are the fashion show mall and the coke bottle. So expect a line in the morning. There is a service fee but there are coupons to cut it down. Check any magazine. Also they'll tell you about dinner discounts. A previous reviewer said all the food discounts they offered were horrible. What a load of *&%*&!!! Enoteca San Marco is fantastic, Penazzi, also a good deal is if you get the discount to Planet Hollywood Restaurant. It's actually better and cheaper then going to Mc Donalds. And you go whenever you want. They also do discounts on Golf. not my area of expertise. But it's as legit as it gets. Last tip. Geez. I work for a show. So I know where the T4t people sit. it's not always bad. Don't assume you're sitting in the nose bleed section (although i joke and tell people we give out complementary tissues)
3	I have never seen a store mess up a credit transaction to this extent....while paying for my tix,all the credit transactions froze in the whole store...consequently I paid cash...and asked that my prior card transaction been deleted..i never signed or authorized...when I get home they not only charged me but duplicated my charge 9X....I called corporate office today and they assured me they would credit my account....we shall see...I would caution using a credit card here!!
4	hell yeah. We love cheap. We used there service for two shows. One concert and one cirque show. We saved about $35 bucks per ticket for the concert and $10 per ticket on the cirque show. Rollin' 7 deep equals big savings for us. The only problem since they run off surplus tickets, you have to wait in line the day of the show and see whats available.
4	very helpful. prices online are higher. We got 2 show tickets from them- I just dont understand how it works, why theyre any lesser than the ones showcased from hotels or online. They have additional 5 dollar charges but still cheaper than the ones online. How come? why?When we availed our first 7-pc. ticket purchase it was all right.On our next 7-pc. ticket for the other show, the guy said it was a prohibited act coz they think were taking advantage of the system or something he called  " Group ticket " are not honored.. oh i dont know. There must be a way to work this around, especially if we did that already once. We were in line long enough so just give in. come on.
3	Here's the deal.  The one we went to was under the Coke bottle on the Strip.  You wait in a line outside the office cause they don't want people to block the sidewalk or the lobby.  Luckily, that line moves somewhat quickly.  When you get to the end of that line, you get to go inside and wait in another line.  One several screens will be showing what tickets are available that night.  You can also see it online under sneak peeks.  We got our Ka tickets here and also got a discount voucher for a restaurant in our hotel.  The Ka tickets worked out, the voucher not so much as it was 30% off your main entree.  They also promise to let you come back tomorrow to buy more tickets but promise to let you stand in the VIP line which means a shorter wait.
1	I don't know about this place.  For the uninitiated, here's what TFT does as its business model.  If a show is not sold out on a particular day, TFT asks the show box office about how many tickets they can have to sell, and the show box office sets aside tickets that they probably wouldn't sell to give to people who buy at TFT.  So, right off the bat, you know you're getting seats that are by no means the best.  Show box offices will give their worst seats, count on that, and will try to be conservative.  Let's say they have 200 open seats, think they can fill 170 on their own.  They give TFT 30 in the morning of the very worst in the house.  Later in the day, they have 100 and feel pessimistic, so they give TFT 20 more of somewhat better seats.  From the customer point of view, here are the steps:Cons: 1)  You must be there early.  TFT only has a limited number of tickets available per show.2)  You must stand in line, from 30 minutes to an hour at the TFT booth in order buy a voucher.3)  You must go as soon as you can to the box office of the show you want to attend, and get assigned a seat.  This may entail another line, maybe 30 minutes again.  This is somewhat hit-or-miss.  You may get a better (less bad) seat if you come earlier, or you may get lucky and get a better (less bad) seat if you come later.  4)  You must come back to the show venue again at the time for your actual show.  5)  You only get half-off for the really terrible shows that have no hope of selling out.  Top-of-the-line shows will range in savings from $10 to $30 at most, which is hardly half.6)  No refunds, no exchanges, they don't care if you're dying or got hit by a truck.  Once they have your money, they don't give it back.7)  Ticket Offices will assign a name to each sale, and if you lose your tickets, they'll give you an emergency set.  Lose your TFT voucher, and you're SOL, since they have no way of knowing who you are.Pros:  1)  Save $10-$20.  Show box offices are 1000 times more flexible with refunds and cancellations, you don't have to wake up early, you only stand in line once, they'll upgrade you if they have better seats, you get to choose any seat in the house instead of just the TFT block, and they probably have better discounts already because of the economy.    In my opinion, this service is a waste of time and money.  Most people make more money in an hour than they'd save for the hour of lines and hassles of TFT.  Besides, you're on vacation.  Do you really want to get up early to save a few dollars on mediocre seats?  Forget it.  Just a few discounts at Mystere, by Cirque du Soliel:1)  Senior Discount 25% off2)  Student Discount 35% off3)  Children 12 and under 50% off4)  Military 50% off5)  They have a daily hotel guest discount, from 10%, 25%, to 2-for-1LOVE has a daily discount for anyone, as well, and Zumanity and KA both have 1, 2, and 4 above.  Tix4Tonight is completely useless for Cirque Shows!
4	There are several of these located on the Las Vegas Strip and one location on Fremont Street downtown. You are most likely to find tickets to a majority of the shows in Vegas, even Cirque du Soleil. It is not necessarily guaranteed that you'll find tickets, especially during the busy seasons. If you need to see a certain show, you might be better off booking it through the shows official box office. An example is Cirque du Soleil's O, while it is possible that this show will be available at Tix 4 Tonight, it will probably be the worst seats and only if the show is unable to sell all of it's tickets. With that said, the shows are normally posted around 9:30 and will not go on sale until 10:00. Depending on which location that you visit, the line may be very long and the tickets that you want may not be available by the time you move to the front of line. The good news is that they started offering a VIP pass that cost $25 that allows you access to the VIP line which is much shorter. If you do decide to wait in line, you will be receive a VIP pass good for the next day only if you return.The VIP pass is good for 1 year and allows you access to the VIP line. The cost of the VIP pass will be refunded in a gift card after you purchase 10 tickets with the pass (maximum of 5 tickets per day). Before you leave for Vegas you can save a couple dollars by printing a $2.00 Off service charge coupon from the Tix 4 Tonight website. The staff at Tix 4 Tonight aren't completely knowledgeable about different types of tickets for the shows they offer (Premium, General Admission, etc.) I had one employee tell me that Premium meant the seats were closer to the stage and that was the only difference, where in actuality the tickets had certain perks that you got when you exchanged them at the box office.Most tickets that you get from Tix 4 Tonight are actually vouchers that you will need to exchange at the show's box office at least 1 hour before showtime. Overall, the ticket prices are a great deal with most at 50% discount.
5	I can't vouch for the show tickets... my experience was only with the restaurant discount.  Went to their booth at Wild Bills at 7:55pm.  Paid $3 for a 50% off voucher for the Bally's Steakhouse (50% off the main entree only).  They made the reservations for me for 8:30pm that night.  Got a $45 steak and saved $22.50 off the bill...  no problem at all.  Great deal with no hassles.
4	You can get tickets for almost any Vegas shows for at least 20% cheaper than other box offices. They only have listings for shows for the night that you go though so you have to go every day if you want to see more than one show while your there. You'll have choices of sections that are available and the prices will of course depend on where you want to sit. I would probably go for the cheaper tickets because all the theaters are designed for that particular show so there really isn't any bad seats in the house. The line wasn't as long as I would have thought it to be. They also have dinner vouchers too. It's $3 per person and you get 50% off your entree. We got the voucher for the Bally's Steakhouse. I only had to spend $20 on a $40 Filet Mignon. It's totally worth it. An extra advise is that I would go to the theatre of your show right after you get your vouchers because what you get at the ticket booth isn't your ticket for the show. You have to go to the threatre to turn them in for your actual tickets. So, if you go later in the day, the better seats will not be available for your section. It can be a pain if your show is alittle farther away and you would have to waste a chunck of your day.
5	I used this place 4 times on our stay.  They are friendly, helpful.  I saved 50% on most tickets.  I would most definetly use them when in Vegas
4	What an awesome service! I had a great experience using T4T for my two night stay in Vegas. The first day I got into Vegas, I arrived a little late- like 3-4PM. I wanted to see a show that night but I knew Tix 4 Tonight might be sold out of all their good seats..  Most Yelp reviews say you have to get there at 9:30AM. Also, I was prepared to settle for a less popular show because most Yelp reviews said you can't really get Cirque shows from Tix 4 Tonight.Would you believe how surprised I was when i rolled up to Tix 4 Tonight that evening and purchased two Sec. 1 tickets for KA for only $100 each? For two seats that I would have had to spend $340 for a pair, I got them for only $200- and with only hours to spare until the start of the show! I was amazed! And would you believe the NEXT day I was able to go back to Tix 4 Tonight again at about Noon- use my VIP line entrance and $2 discount- and snag two more tickets to see Zumanity at an insanely discounted price.During my experience with the Tix 4 Tonight staff, they were very knowledgeable on all of the shows and what to expect from them. I had a conversation with one staff member who told me that Lion King was too new, so don't expect to see them on Tix 4 Tonight anytime soon... and O is the only Cirque show they don't get tickets for because it is the most popular. So keep this in mind, Yelpers!You still have to go to the official ticket booths at the hotels to claim your tickets- but this is only a minor inconvenience since you're probably cruising the strip anyway... And another tip, don't feel pressure to buy the best seats available because all of these theaters are made specifically for the show it houses, so all the seats have great views. Tix 4 Tonight made my Vegas trip a whole lot better with it's discounted tickets.
4	Simply Awesome!  Tickets that are at least 20% to 50% off is fabulous concept for me.  We didn't have any mid-day plans after lunch, so we decided to check out some show possibilities for the day.  We waited in line for probably 15 minutes and got four Mac King Magic Comedy Tickets for around $18 each with tax and fees included.  Awesome!  We got the tickets an hour right before the show, so we definitely had to book it to Harrahs to trade our vouchers to actual tickets since they do not give refunds if you are late to your show or miss it.  We came back the next day in hopes of checking out their discounted eatery venue, but by then the line was sooo massive that it wasn't worth the wait.  This was probably because it was July 3, and everyone was getting into town for the Independence Day Celebration.  This is a nice location in the Fashion Show Mall right next to Starbucks.  However, we also discovered that there was also another T4T location upstairs in the food court that only had a handful of people.  Too bad we were already fed by then.
4	I would use this everytime I go to Vegas! It's worth waiting in line. I got Mystere tickets for $68 even! They were aisle seats too and really great seats in Zone 4 (row KK). The way it works:Stand in line outside their 4-5 locations and figure out what shows you want to see or places you want to eat. There are people who check on you when your in line so they will help you. They do run out of some tickets very quickly like Phantom of the Opera and Ka'. Luckily they had Mystere. * TIP: Take the $2/per ticket off page from online. It's worth it.* TIP: You can get VIP pass which means you get served first and the line is inside instead of outside. No matter if you have a VIP pass you still have to stand in a line but a short line inside. For $25 you get to be a VIP for 1 year there.* TIP: If you get a ticket from them the second day you get a free VIP pass and you get additional $2 off your tickets. So you can use them 2 days in a row!Also, they really are cheap because I stayed in Luxor and thought that I would get cheaper tickets for LUXOR shows from Luxor. But, Tix 4 tonight was cheaper for BODIES show by $8!!!The lady who serviced us was very rude at most time but faked laughed and smiled once in a while. But, everyone else was good and very nice. They are all vocal employees.
4	You have to get here early like at 8am!  Seriously I got there at 9am and was there for about an hour and a half.  Sucked in the heat.  But....I did get my discounted tickets!  Yeah.  If you aren't a smoker like me, waiting in the line was hell, people were lighting up in the morning to calm their anxious line waiting.  Ewwww.  Bring a hand fan to blow away the smoke.We got the tickets for the Vampire play, "Bite."  It was $30.  You have to go to the hotel where the play is performing to pick up your tickets.  So this does suck up a lot of your site seeing for the day.
4	This is a great service.  I don't agree that you need to get there early. We got to a location near the Planet Hollywood around 2pm one day, got same-day great seats for Ka in about 15 minutes. The next day we got same-day great seats for Carrot Top in about 20 minutes. So it's not that bad. The key is to go to the less crowded locations (they have many of them).  The one near Buffalo Bill's is good as is the one near the Planet Hollywood; it sounds like the one near Fashion Show Mall is the worst. The only bad thing is, they don't actually give you a ticket. You get a "voucher" which you have to then take to the ticket box for the show and exchange for your actual seats. This is quite a time-suck in the vast wasteland that is vegas. For instance, to get to Luxor to get our Carrot Top tickets took forever because of all the walking. If you don't mind, though, this is a great deal.
2	Extremely erratically trained staff, so be prepared to be really pleased or wondering WHY in the world you wasted 2 hours (1 in in ticket line-1 picking up tickets with the voucher). REMEMBER you are trading time for money here and you are going to want those 2 hours back when you take your last breath.  Most hotels can come up with a good enough deal, comp drinks or tickets NO waiting. Dinner deals not worth the time, money barely saved, and EXCESSIVE fine print.Had WONDERFUL info from Boston Paul one day (thanks!)  Ernie almost as good the next. Then didn't read the fine print about bringing in a ticket stub with the LARGE CIRCLED SAVE MONEY SAVE TIME!  VIP Line come-on brochure they give you AFTER you buy tickets, NO underlining in MY circle about bringing yesterdays ticket stubs. So of course no sign of Ernie or Paul, Jessica line-nazi says you can't go to teh VIP line without these fine print receipts NOT underlined on my sheet (VIP LINE and $2.00 was). So these same nice people that are so Helpful before now essentially are calling you a liar as in "you must have picked their come-on for the VIP line circled brochure off the street". This seems to be a System Issue and not a Training issue as these people are trained to NOT let YOU, (honest person who doesn't have the receipt for last night tickets with their TODAYS come-on). So Jessica and the unempowered Guadalupe are just doing their jobs calling you essentially a liar. They say their system won't allow them to look you and your credit card up as the person that bought their tickets yesterday standing in exactly the same spot as yesterday-NOT a customer friendly system. Maiko DID appear to listen, and looked me right back in the eye when I called her on NEVER letting honest people who don't have last nights receipts and a NOT underlined bring your receipts/ticket stubs to the promised shorter VIP line. A  REAL customer sensitive group that day.  I'm holding THEIR circled come-on brochure from the day before, in the exact same spot they gave it to me with the same credit card in my hand I used, so I must be a liar AND a world class thief because I have whatever poor schmoe's lost brochure I apparently picked off the street and somehow mugged them for the same credit card.I kept my come-on VIP circled brochure out in front of me and was approached by ALL of the unempowered helpers who wouldn't help me with their unempowered system. Articulate and angry, I spread a disproportionate share of my share of felt bad will and it cost them in other people in the line who didn't like their unempowered ability to assist and customer attitude (Guadalupe, that guy in front of me who was confused enough about it left!) and bad karma all around when I made sure to repeat loudly that their dinner deals weren't worth the money or the wait at all. Cha-ching. FIX your system to ASSIST imperfect customers who didn't read your fine print VIP LINE come on that didn't have the receipts/ticket stubs underlined. Blessings:)
5	Anything that saves over 90 bucks gets 5 stars from me! I walked over to the one under the coke bottle next  to MGM Grand at about 7 pm on a sunday night, no line, looking for something starting at 10 pm to give us time for dinner. There was still quite a bit to choose from- mostly burlesque type shows starting that late, but they even had tickets available for Zumanity at 60-something bucks. Other shows available included Fantasy, Bite, Peepshow, and Divas Las Vegas. I opted for Crazy Horse at MGM for $30 a ticket (half off!), walked right over to MGM and exchanged my vouchers. The show was great. I will definitely buy tickets here in the future- one of the only things in vegas that is not a ripoff!
5	We splurged for the VIP pass because we split the cost ($25, good for a year). That way we moseyed up to the head of the line because we were slugs and got there at 11.Many great shows this last week. Last trip we only bought tickets to Soprano's and the Titanic exhibit. This last week they had tickets to Ka, Criss Angel, Blue Man Group, Mystere, Zumanity and many others. Worth a look. The multiple locations are really handy.
5	This is a great service, I have used this on three occasions to buy show tickets and tickets to exhibits. This really saves you a lot of money, in some cases 50% savings on a show or an exhibit. The only downside is there always seems to be a long line to get the tickets, and when you buy your tickets you don't get a ticket, just a voucher which you have to go to the box office of the show to exchange for a ticket. The only problem I had with this is when I went to see an exhibit, waited in line for a half an hour for the voucher, then went to the actual exhibit and had to wait for another half hour for a ticket. But with the savings you get it is worth the hassle.
5	Was reading a yelp review about a restaurant in Las Vegas.  Although the review wasn't very good, the review mentioned they had only paid 1/2 price for their meal using this service.  I had a group of 5 that wanted to eat dinner.  If what the website said was true, we would save $20 per person on the price of the meal.I told the others in the group and they recounted stories of cab drivers selling them "vouchers" which weren't worth the paper the voucher was printed on.  I convinced them that we had nothing to lose by visiting the location.It was a Monday night.  No waiting.  Okay, waited for one person to complete a transaction.  Walk right up.  Make a reservation.  Pay $15 for 5 of us.  No problem at the restaurant.  I felt we certainly received a worthy meal and the restaurant didn't seem to care that we were only paying 1/2 price.  Thank you Tix 4 Tonight!
3	We bought Phantom tickets here...saved about 25 bucks a piece but the seats were all the way in the back.   I give them 3 stars for the savings.Here is why they dont get 5 stars:  You dont  get the physical ticket here.  They give you a voucher or a receipt and you have to go to the box office of the event to exchange them for the show tickets.  It is a hassel and such an inconvenience because they ask that you get them at least 1 hour before the show starts.  We were waiting a long time for dinner so it was getting close to the 1 hour cut off.  My husband and I had to run to the car, drive to the hotel of the show and then power walk our way to the box office to get our tickets.  By then, we were exhausted and suffering from indigestion...I just wish they can print out the tickets there so we dont have to rush there to pick it up, stand in long lines then waste 1 hour for the show to start.
4	Great variety and amount of tickets. They list the tickets they have available around 9:30 am on their boards outside their locations and start selling them around 10. They have about 6 or 7 locations along the strip and downtown. The two busiest ones (at least from my experience) have been Fashion Show mall and the one by the Riviera.After you get the vouchers for the show you want, you will have to go the that show's box office to get the real tickets and seat assignments. Yes, it's a hassle, but you're saving money so it's worth it. I'd recommend going to the box office as soon as possible to get the best seats. You can buy an annual VIP pass for Tix 4 Tonight. This allows you to bypass the long ticket line and they won't charge you a service fee.If you have a gift certificate to Tix 4 Tonight you can also get in the VIP line instead of waiting in the regular line.
2	I purchased three tickets to Phantom of the Opera.  They said that I will get the best available seat for front side orchestra.  However, when I get to the box office right away to exchange my voucher, I was put two seats from the wall.   Eventhough there are seats available that is near the isle/center (still in the same section), but the box office refuse to put me there.   They said that the "block" that they were selling for tixtonight were all the seats of last four seats against the wall.  They said it is the best available of that "block", not the whole side orchestra section.   I could have called and purchased them directly from the box office with the online discount code and get better seats.  No near to stand in line at the tixtonight office and running from one end to another to exchange tickets.  Not worth it!   If you want the worst seat of the sections, go with tixtonight.
3	Wanted to experience this service, as I'm accustomed to purchasing tix way in advance for shows.  We did get discounted tickets for KA. The only issues is that you have to wait in line to purchase discounted vouchers. Then after purchasing the vouchers, you have to trek to the box office for the actual tix. This whole process took us 1-1 1/2 hours, which could have been spent doing other activities. Luckily, this is considered a non-peak time that we went, so therefore, the lines were shorter than usual. Tip: Although there are various locations on the strip, you have to search for the locations with the shorter lines. The location by the Coke bottle is super busy. We walked a block down to another location and the line was much shorter.
3	Definitely worth a visit to save some cash. But beware not all shows or restaurants are discounted the same. The process is tolerable but not easy. You have to find their locations and wait on line to get a voucher. You then need to take the voucher to the box office of the show you are seeing and get an actual ticket. All in all if you are doing more than one activity, your savings accrue enough to forgo the hassles of the process.
5	People complain that its to much of a hassle to wait in line to get a voucher. Then go to trade in your voucher at the actual box office for tickets.  If its to much of a hassle go pay regular price at the box office. I have used them a few times and they are good.   Being a person that has to pay for a family of 6 IT'S WORTH THE HASSLE.
3	True to a 3-star review, I am a-ok by this place. We had wandered by this place late in the day last trip out and there was just nothing we wanted to see. Since our hotel was so close to the place this time around, we thought it was genius to just wake up, go here, and hope to see a cirque show.We slowly woke up and meandered out to the coke bottle location around the time they had opened. This saved us some face as the line only ended up being about 45ish minutes long. I didn't mind the wait because 10 minutes after I had been waiting in line the line continued like 45 people deep, and there were maybe 30 people in front of me. Now, you may wonder, why does this line move so slow? I do believe I can answer this for you. You only get to see the screens with the shows and prices on it once you're inside and that's when you're about 10 minutes away from buying. The screens are constantly shifting through the list of shows, so if you look too late and you only catch a glance at what you were looking for, you have to wait for it to pop back up. Then, if you are like our group, you only see the ranges of prices ($70-$110), so you think, well what does that mean? I cannot decide which show I want to pick from if I don't know where that price puts me. So then you wait to decide for sure until you are at the cashier. Then the cashier only adds a little extra info anyway, because you actually exchange your vouchers at the box office, so they can only give very general information about the categorey and location of the seats. We had been going back and forth between Mystere and Ka. Ka was more expensive, but we really wanted to see it, but we thought we'd be frugal and shoot for Mystere. What they also don't mention on the screens is that the prices don't apply to every show. We wanted to see an early 7PM show, but the cheaper Mystere prices only applied to the late show. I digress. So, without all the information before you get to the cashier, you're going to spend anywhere from 5-10 minutes taking up one of the two or three cashiers' time. This means a slow moving line. As other people have mentioned, they also like to throw in dinner deals, so that is probably part of it. If you already made up your mind, it may be harder to convince you to spend more money.Anyhoo, we opted for the early Ka show since the prices were not significantly cheaper for the earlier Mystere show. Now, an important piece of information. If, like us, you were waiting in line for Ka, and if, like us, you were at the coke bottle place, have one person in your group go wait in the box office line in the MGM. We did not. After we had our vouchers we walked over to exchange them for our tickets. There was already a long line. By the time the box office opened the line was huge, so I was thankful for where we were, until this happened. The group in front of us, four kids, were exchanging their vouchers for Ka. Categorey 3, I overheard (oh that's us!). I see the box office guy point to the center of the back section. Not too shabby I think! There was also a Cat 4 & 5, but the ticket place did not sell those. It's finally our turn to get our tickets and the same box office guy says "this is all we have left for Categorey 3" and points to the second to last row on the left. Oh. Our group of four got significantly downgraded from the other group of four. So as you can see, being further up in the box office line will make you a happy camper. Although after seeing Ka, I believe there probably isn't a bad seat in the house!In conclusion, if you have a motivated group that doesn't mind waiting in line, I think it is worth it, but if you have someone who can't deal with the wait or an avid planner who has to know what they are doing before you step foot in Nevada, probably not worth it.
4	Went to see jersey boys and got the tickets from this place. We went to the town square area so as to beat lining up. There was a queue but it was tolerable. They had show tickets, exhibits tickets and dinner discount tickets. The show tickets and exhibit tickets were a good deal. The dinner discount was a ripoff so stay away from that. Overall it was a huge savings on our part to purchase tickets from here so we would DO it all  over again next time we are in VEGAS!!!
4	I've used Tix 4 Tonight twice and have saved some money while doing so.  Both times was at the Fashion Show Mall location.  But the trade off was that I spent a good amount of time waiting in line.  The first time I used it was to get Nathan Burton tickets when he was performing at the V Theater at the Miracle Mile Shops.  I didn't exactly know how it worked at the time so when I received the discount voucher for the show, I hustled all the the way to Planet Hollywood to make sure that I would get an actual ticket.  Fortunately, I was able to use the Monorail to get there halfway.  What was cool was that when I got to the ticket booth, they honored the voucher and asked if I wanted to upgrade to VIP admission for $10 more.  I took that offer and got the VIP tickets for the General Admission price.  Sweet upgrade!The second time I used it was to buy tickets for Blue Man Group.  Once again, waited about 30-40 mins and then bought the best discount seats they had for the night's show.  I saved about $20, so the discount wasn't really huge, but that's lunch buffet at Paris so not too shabby.  The funny part was that I thought they had given me vouchers again, but they were actual tickets this time.  So I ended up running to the Venetian to try and 'redeem' these tickets.  That was a waste of energy.Tix 4 Tonight can give you mixed results, but if you can spare yourself some time and patience, and a little running, you can really end up with some great deals.
4	I've used Tix 4 Tonight on multiple occasions. It is a great way to get cheaper show tickets, buffets and other experiences. As a local there are other ways to get cheap tickets or deals, but for those things that don't offer local discounts, Tix 4 Tonight is one of the best deals around. We always recommend the many locations to our out of town  guests and our family, and everyone has been pretty happy with their experience. They have multiple convenient locations, and the staff is usually pretty friendly.I would suggest going right as they open as some of the more high demand show tickets go quickly. In the past year we've received substantial discounts on both Penn & Teller and the Rat Pack is Back from Tix 4 Tonight  and both made my pocket book very happy.
4	I love a good deal and I never pay full price for a show in Las Vegas, yet I never tried Tix 4 Tonight until this weekend. I always thought I could beat them in pricing with my tricky coupon codes and Costco gift card schemes, but they beat me this time.We got tickets for LOVE (category 2) for roughly $99/ticket. I like that the tv screens have the tax and fees already posted. Also, there's 12 convenient locations along the strip to buy your ticket. I first went to the location by the Coke Bottle but realized I  didn't print out my -$2 off per ticket coupon.Print coupon here: http://www.tix4tonight.com/coupon.htmlSo we ended up going to the Mirage Box Office ~2pm and decided it wasn't worth it to buy full price tickets and still get bad seats. I looked up the nearest location on my phone which turned out to be across the street at Bill's Casino. We walked up to the booth, a lot of people were hovering around, but there was a lot of staff there to help answer questions. It took us less than 5 minutes to buy the tickets. We easily walked back to the Mirage Box Office to trade in our vouchers for actual tickets. No lines, no waiting. It was wonderful. I can't wait to go back to use their service again.
4	would use this service again, we got Ka tix for that evening, the attendents are very helpful and will give you plenty of information while you are in line. Line moves quickly and we did save some money!  We also bought a restaurant discount voucher which we could not use (restaurant had changed therir hours) and T4T handled the refund nicely!
5	This place sells half off/discounted tickets for shows (comedians, singers, Cirque du Soleil shows, male revue shows, etc) and restaurants/buffets! They have a few television screens that show you what they have discounted offers for.  The wait can be about 15-20 minutes to purchase your tickets but its definitely worth it. They have a few locations on the strip so make sure to keep your eyes open!
5	GREAT seats for VIVA ELVIS!!! THANKS so much!!!
5	LOVE them......made it easier to try buffets & dining in Vegas.  The best way to dine in Vegas for a great price.  Try them.....you won't be disapppointed!  Very budget friendly, especially with a family of 4 dining in Vegas.  Once you use them, show them your receipt/tix & you don't have to wait in line again......nice plus!
4	This place worked out great.. We picked up tickets for peepshow... there was about a 14 dollar discount....The only negative is that the location we went to had the line go outside of the office and it was 114 degrees...We would use this again..
4	Whenever my husband and I do shows, we stop here first. They have a great selection of shows as well as restaurants. We have gotten tickets to popular shows for next to nothing. I would definitely recommend stopping in and seeing what they have before heading to the box office.
4	Lots of discount tickets, these people are great! Yeah, it's a pain to wait in line, but when I'm saving 50% on tix, I'm not going to complain about it. Plus, saved 25% off dinner too with these guys, so we are extremely happy!!!!
4	If you don't want to wait in line you can also call their number (877) 849-4868 to buy tickets over the phone. But, you'll still have to stop by one of their locations later that day to pick up the vouchers, then head to the show's box office to get the real tickets and seat assignments. Seems like a hassle, but if you have to work and can't visit their kiosks in the morning it's a good alternative.
1	Yes, this place does sell show tickets at discounted prices, but it is super SHADY!DAY 1 - We wanted to go see the Blue Man Group on Sunday, so Saturday night we stopped by the booth at Casino Royale to inquire about prices.  The lady there told us that they usually have Blue Man Group tickets and they were priced from $60-$100 depending on the time of the show.  After doing some research, we figured out that those prices were super cheap, so we made plans to return the next morning to get the tickets.  DAY 2 - We ended up going to their Bill's Gamblin' Hall location the next day to buy the tickets.  There was no line, but one of their employes made us go outside to "wait in line".  While out there, he tried to sell us some dining packages, but we weren't interested.  When we asked about the price for Blue Man Group, he said $65 for the 10pm show.  Not bad at all!  When we got inside, the employee behind the counter told us $85 for the 10pm show.  WTF, right?  We tried to ask about the price discrepancy but we never got a straight answer.  We walked away disgruntled and frustrated.  They need to put their prices in writing because then it just becomes a game of he said / she said.
4	Whenever I want to see a show or if it's just buying tickets for exhibitions, I like to come here to buy the tickets. Why? Because the tickets are discounted. If you go to their website they give you previews of some of the discounted tickets they will be offering, but it won't show all the tickets they will be discounting so make your way down here to check it out. This is right next to the M&M World and World of Coca Cola, you cannot miss this place! Just look at for the huge Coca Cola bottle.The lines for this place get fairly long, but they have someone who has a list of shows and the pricing and if you can't see the board up at the front, you can just ask one of these people to see the list. Great place for buying tickets for less, especially if you didn't do your homework and look for deals online before the vacation, like me!
4	Bought good tickets for Mystere here at a great rate. I'll definitely be buying from them again!Bought Wednesday night tix around 11 that morning. After purchasing ticket (which is really a voucher), you must go to the theatre box office to trade it for your actual ticket and seat assignment. Standard pricing for the tickets was clearly posted at the box office. We bought Tier 2 seats (all 3 tiers were available) for $77 including taxes. The box office was charging $120+tax for the same seats.
5	My friend who does a lot of business trips to Vegas told me that I should look for Half Price Shows on the strip, but he warned me that the newer Cirque Du Soleil shows probably wouldn't be offered for half price.  To my surprise, he was wrong!I stopped at two or three half price show booths on the strip, and I finally found one next to the 4-story M&M store that did offer Cirque Du Soleil!  The attendants at the booth were very friendly and answered all the questions we had.We ended up getting three balcony tickets for Zumanity about 5 hours before the 10 PM show the day of and were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and found out that our seats were towards the center of the balcony - very good view considering that we only paid $58 each for a show that normally runs over $100.I didn't gamble much in Vegas, but I'd say that luck was working on my side that day.
5	What a great place for event tickets. For a thrifty Jew such as I this place is perfect. You can use coupons, check online, try to get em at the venue last-minute, but unless you get your tickets for free you will not get a better deal than buying them here.
3	Good prices for day-of shows, but unfortunately it appears that some of the casinos have paid off the staff to "encourage" ticket buyers to buy tickets for one show over the others.We were looking at the lists of shows for Saturday night, and were approached by 3 different staff members at different times while we were deciding, who were all very friendly, but recommended the same show.  When we decided on a different show, they all asked us "Are you sure you don't want to see the other show?".  When we went to the counter and told the clerk the show we were going to see, he also mentioned the other show and tried to recommend it to us.  Now, the first time I was approached and got the recommendation for the other show, I thought, OK, I'll look at the brochure and decide.  But to have it "recommended" by 3 other people at various times, and to have it mentioned again after deciding on a different show, is shady.  So, let the buyer beware.
5	Arrived at Tix 4 Tonight Sunday morning around 9:30AM to get tickets to see the Jabbawockeez at the Monte Carlo and was very pleased with the prices that Tix 4 Tonight displayed on their LCD monitors - it was a huge discount compared to how much the tickets would have cost me had I bought online at VEGAS.com or directly from the Monte Carlo ticket booth. I'm assuming that because we were at the box office so early there wasn't a huge line so keep that in mind. The staff was friendly and definitely didn't try to push us to see a specific show; they did however, have a package for discounted buffets if you're interested in that. Overall, service was fast and friendly. i'll definitely come back again to Tix 4 Tonight when I want to see a show in Vegas.
2	I have used Tix 4 Tonight many years ago and had a good experience from it. I was able to score Le Reve tickets for cheap last minute.  I decided to try it again to get tickets to Love.  They told me that the tickets are the "best in the house."  I ended up with seats one row below the wall!  Not at all what I expected.  I paid ~$130 per ticket and I expected better seats.  I think that's what the seats were going for at the box office (I didn't check).  They were also advertising discounts to restaurants and I got suckered into buying one for RM Restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  I was told that it'd be "33% off."  But, it turned out to be 33% off ENTREE ONLY below $41.  That's a huge difference.  So, pay attention to the details.  The staff was helpful in answering questions about restaurants/shows.  But, I thought the whole "33% off" vs "33% off ENTREE" made them dishonest, and for that only 2 Stars.  I may try them again in the future, but for show tickets only.
4	We used them 3 different times during our last visit to Vegas.  Every time you come back, bring your ticket stubs to get a discount off of your next purchase.  We bought tickets for Matsuri, the Range steakhouse (50% off), Crazy Horse Paris, The Dragon Noodle Co. (25% off).
5	If you like going to shows, this will be your best friend. Last time, we didn't use tix4tonite and paid $100+ for balcony seats. This time around, we used tix 4 finite and paid for tix $97 for seats 8 rows away from the stage. Oh yeah!
2	This review is for an experience a few years ago. I wasn't in town at the time, but wanted to buy tickets for some friends that were here, and have them pick them up. I was disappointed by all the fees, at the end of it, I wasn't saving anywhere near half!! The customer service while I was on the phone was decent, and assured me there would be no problems when my friends picked up the tickets.However, when my friends got there, they had to wait forever, and at first they didn't have the information! My friends were stressed out, I was stressed out... it eventually worked out ok, but the seats weren't even that great. I wish I'd dealt with the box office directly.
4	we checked into our hotel pretty late and i wanted to see a show that night so we went here bc this location was the closest.. we were obviously going to miss the 7pm show so we got tix for the 9pm show of ka.. the lady was pretty helpful when we were deciding which section to sit in.. we ended up choosing the 1st section, side bc it was only a $12 difference btwn the first two sections.. we went directly to the box office to pick out our exact seats and when we got there saw that we should've gotten the 2nd section seats bc the stage wasn't that far up.. oh well, we'll know better for the next show we see..
3	SHOW UP EARLY!!!Showing up early is key to this place and one BIG reason it sucks. I mean come on, in Vegas when do you really want to wake up early and get into a line that can take hours to move? Especially when hung over... (Think about it kids!)First time I showed 30 minutes before they opened and found a line a block long. I asked the guy in line how long they had been there and he said he showed up 1:30 early! That means to beat this guy, I gotta show up earlier!Anyway, I adjusted and came earlier the next day. Everything worked out fine. The tickets were NOT 50% off, but they were discounted pretty well compared to box office prices.It was rough standing for almost 2 hours, but I enjoyed the show I purchased tickets for, so it was worth it. Kids, if you're going to use the service, send the goody-goody in the group who won't drink. I can imagine what this experience would've been like hung over.
5	Great find! Who wouldn't want to save 50% on show tickets? They've saved me hundreds of dollars on Mamma Mia! and Phantom tickets throughout the years. Can't wait to see Lion King. no homo.
1	Okay. Here is my honest opinion....This is expensive. I guess it is only cheap if you honestly did not plan ahead.But you save WAAAAY more by going on priceline or expedia or any other ticket etc.based on the reviews here, decided to go for the dinners. STILL EXPENSIVE. you seriously save $1-2 per person. SEriously???????????????Not worth it.Line was short, not even a minute. There are many, I went to the one right next to imperial palace.regardless, not worth it unless you are procrastinating.
1	this company is a joke! if ur a local u get cheaper tickets just going through the company and they dont tell u the truth on how a show really is... i have better luck buying tickets off craigslist beware dont buy show tickets through them.. garbage!
2	we went here when we were looking for tickets to see mystere at TI for that night.  although we got the tickets, i feel like we got hustled or something.  i probably could have gotten a better deal using my vegas bite card or the card vegas.com gave me.  supposedly our tickets were like $130 tickets that we got for $83 or something like that.  sounds like a decent deal since we got 4 tickets right?  well, when we got to the theatre at TI to get in, they were showing us where our tickets were on their seating chart (which happens to have the prices) and the ticket prices were actually only like $98 tickets.  so after the "service charge" or whatever their fee is at tix 4 tonight, we only saved a few bucks each ticket than if we would have gone right through the theatre at TI to get the tickets, and it would have been less of a hassle than dealing with tix 4 tonight.on top of that, they kept trying to sell us some deal for planet dailies in planet hollywood which was $5 per person to get 50% off any menu item.  it seems like a good deal, but honestly, i have been there and it was alright and like my review for their says, i would rather go to grand lux.  so after telling them we didn't want that deal and we weren't interested in it, they kept trying to push it on us which leads me to think they probably do some other "service charge" bull on that and hustle youoverall, i will not deal with them again.  i have other ways of getting tickets and discounts for stuff so i will take advantage of those instead of coming here and feeling like i am getting hustled and saving a couple bucks.  only reason i gave it 2 stars is because we actually got our tickets and we got into the show
4	Purchased Lion King & Titanic Exhibit tickets for the family (6 adults).Prices for Lion King were not significantly cheaper but service was helpful and accomodating. We found it difficult to find seats together because Tix for Tonight only sell certain sections and sometimes they seats are all spread out.We woke up early the morning of and got there right as the ticket window opened as suggested by other Yelpers and by about 10:30 am there was a line out the door (thanks for the tip!). As for location the Fashion Square location was easy to find.Luxor tickets were a couple bucks below what Luxor sold them for so that was cool. I would highly recommend this exhibit. They did such a good job. Not boring at all!
3	Prior to my Vegas trip I was looking for tickets to one of the Cirque shows. Everywhere was just so pricey I just gave up. Upon arriving at the strip I discovered these booths that were selling tickets 4 less! WOW! The lines can be very long. You should get there right when they open up. Just get there before 10am so you can score some good deals. Although they do update their stock throughout the day so it can hard to tell. They not only sell tickets to shows but also discounts to restaurants. I got my ass here around 10am and there was a very short line. I was able to get tickets to Mystere for ~$90 with fees and such already calculated. I also bought a discount for Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina. $4 for 20% off the entire bill. Plus they make reservations for you. Nice! After I bought the Cirque tickets I had to walk all the way to Treasure Island to pick my seats. I was able to get seats in the 2nd row from the stage. AMAZING! Really great deal. My low rating is for-long long long lines during the day-those hidden fees that you don't know about-you have to go there the day of to find out what they have-not always a great deal
4	Long line, fast phone service.  Call first and pay, then pickup your tickets in person.  Don't wait in line for the tickets to sell out.  Do your research on your shows first, this will save you time.  The allure of this place is Buy One Get One Free show tickets the day of the show.
4	Wanted to get tickets for Jabbawockeez so we went to the tix4tonight at the fashion mall right when they opened but there was already a line formed. Took about 45 minutes to finally get out of there with our tickets for about $60 each for the type C tickets. They really try to upsell you on dining discounts or other tickets which make the waits longer, and then try to sell you on the $25 VIP front of the line pass which backs up the normal line even more. Perfect business model. Make them wait, and then get them to pay to get up to the front.I suggest not going to this specific location because i heard other ones don't get lines in the morning.** If you go to their website you can print out a $2 service charge discount, but if you're in line you can sign up for their text message alert to get the same discount.
4	A buddy of mine told me to check out tickets for the shows here. I was originally going to buy the Jabbawockeez tickets online but I took a shot and listened to him. Glad I listened to him. We got to Vegas and one of the first things we did was drive to the Fashion Show Mall to hit this joint up. The line is located outside the mall. I can see it be very annoying if the weather was 100 degrees or if it was pounding rain. Good thing the weather is perfect right now. I had to wait a good 20 in that line until my turn. Like a club, if you extra pay for the VIP treatment, you can get in the shorter line and get service faster then the rest of us minions.Besides tickets, they also try to sell you deals for foods at participating restaurants and some other events and activities. I was there to get some show tickets and the guy was trying to get me to buy a bunch of other stuff. I don't blame him though because it's his duties to up sale me. Just say no thanks and move on.Buying the tickets to the show was a breeze. We picked up some good seats in the front section. $140 on the credit card and two tickets later, we were done. Only thing is now we had to rush over to the Monte Carlo hotel to redeem the seats that are on a first come, first served basis. Meaning, if you wait until the last minute to grab your seats at the actual theatre, don't blame Tix 4 Tonight because they should've given you the heads up. When I purchased the tickets from them, I reserved the section only, not the specific seats. Unless instructed otherwise, I hope you pay attention to what they say or else you might end up getting some whack spots.I'd also recommend you finding out if Tix 4 Tonight even carry tickets for that show(s) you are interested in. They don't have many of the Cirque du Soleil shows like O, the Beatles, Ka, etc. They did have Wynn's Le Reve and I do recall asking the guy about starting prices which was like $115 each give or take. Be sure to do your research beforehand or you might get disappointed.All in all, it was a smooth transaction. I knew ahead of time that the tickets for my show were sold here and that it shouldn't have been a problem. We showed up at the Monte Carlo and picked up the actual seats and tickets at their will call without any issues. A few bucks saved through Tix 4 Tonight meant more money for them Vegas buffets. FYI: The same (2) tickets I was planning to buy online was about $190 online but I got them here for about $50 less here.Also, I think they have some other Tix 4 Tonight locations elsewhere in LV as well.
1	Just went to get tickets from town square and I can say I'll never go back. When asked for the best tickets at the best price I ended up in the least row of a show for more than what I would have paid for better tickets with a local discount. Mainly my fault for trusting someone that should know their job and that I would think would want to do what's best for people but I was wrong. Town square...don't go there
4	I'm not sure which location this is but I think all locations are equally good. I believe they rotate the employees so the service is pretty much the same everywhere. With that said, the service is good. All my encounters with the employees have been pleasant whether it's when I'm waiting in line or actually at the counter. When waiting, they usually ask you if you need help and are very helpful and offer suggestions if you don't have exact plans already. I believe they've already seen most of the shows so they can actually tell you first-hand instead of what they heard.As for the deal, I do think the prices are great. Definitely great values. We usually go late in the afternoon when there are no lines and see if there's anything interesting available. We've already seen a lot of the shows (and many at full price before we discovered Tix4Tonight) so we don't really feel the need to go to T4T when it first opens to wait for however long, to run to the venue immediately after to try and get the best seats possible. If you're not familiar with how it works- you can get discount show tickets or dinners/lunches. For discount show tickets, you really actually only get a voucher at Tix4Tonight (not actual tickets). You then still have to go to the venue to get real tickets and seats with your voucher. For discount meals, it depends, we've tried a discount lunch and we just show up. We've also had discount dinners- at some, you just show up while at others T4T makes the dinner reservation for you. These days, we usually just come here for the discount dinner. Though they always have certain restaurants available, they vary on others- we've had discount dinners at a Michael Mina restaurant before. So it's worth checking out. We usually look at the restaurant selection, yelp them, and pick.
1	Tix4tonight, also called Half Price Show Tickets, can offer some value, no argument. But they are the most annoying, money-manipulating business I have used in years and I DO NOT RECOMMEND THEM. Here's why:  You wait in line for 1 - 2 hours before and just after they open.  While waiting you will discover that there is a second line for "VIP  Customers" , most of whom have paid $20 to buy a VIP  Preferred Pass. While we inched our way forward to the ticket window, a steady stream of VIP Customers strolled into the line next to ours, and were served before us.  I just hate that rude system and you should protest it too.  Yes, I know that regular customers from the the day before get a free VIP Pass that can be used the next day, but if you only want to go to one show, or you aren't in town the next day, then you're basically screwed and have to put up with an endless stream of people cutting in line ahead of you.  The whole VIP system makes the company a lot of extra profit, so I clearly understand why they do it. But there comes a time when customers have to push back against endless ways for people to extract more money from our pockets!  Why should we wait in line like a bunch of cows while the VIP folks waltz into line next to us and get their tickets long before we do?   You should either boycott this business, or let them know how aggravating and insulting their two-tier system is.  No one in line seemed to complain, so this business will carry on with a totally user-unfriendly system.  Picture this: Someday, if they can get away with it, they will sell a Platinum VIP Pass for $40 that let's you go ahead of the regular VIP line, too.........Lastly, their business name is a gross misrepresention and they should not be allowed to do such false advertising--most tickets ARE NOT HALF OFF.  For some of the most popular shows, you might save 15 or 20%, which is certainly better than nothing, but sure isn't half off.  For the time and aggravation you will experience doing business with these folks, you may want to ask yourself if it's worth it.  For us, worst of all, if we had bought our tickets directly from the Casino (Harrah's in this case), we would have gotten a better deal!
1	Bought tickets at the fashion show mall store. First of all, what's wrong with having the line INSIDE the mostly empty mall hallway (with no adjacent store) in the AIR CONDITIONING as opposed to  the over 100 degree heat holding tix4tonight umbrellas if only to create the buzz of people crazy for cheap tickets?They sold me VIP tickets to a show with either general admission or VIP.  When we got there we were seated well back in the theater and not in the VIP section. When I inquired as to the misunderstanding, the seating person said this WAS the VIP section if you got your cheaper ticket somewhere else. So beware! - you may not always get what you think you are. Another point, was that the LCD screen outside changes continuously so I took a pic with my iphone only to have the guy there fuss about it saying I can't do that.  First of all, its a public display.  Secondly, I asked why they didn't put a sign up  - he said  "because I'm telling you right now".  Problem: right now was AFTER I took the pic.I asked for a ticket to a different show the next night.  When they didn't have any tickets for that night the manager who was letting people in through the line came over and told the cashier that she had asked me what night I wanted tickets for and that I had told her 'tonight'. I thought that was interesting given the fact that she never asked me that question at all - she simple said what show are you wanting to see.  Then she told me "you don't remember".  I think the heat must be getting to her. In summary, if you don't mind standing in whats probably the slowest line Vegas, putting up with rude staff, seriously baking in the heat, and sitting in second rate seats all to save a few bucks  - good luck.
5	Great venue to get discount tickets for Las Vegas shows.  Don't miss out on checking out their dinner voucher discounts as well.  The only annoying thing is the long line for the first time you purchase.  On subsequent days, you can show your prior purchase receipt, and get into the VIP line without a wait.Next time in town, will hit this place up again.
1	Not such a great deal.  Went to go see illusions (not bad by the way) paid $39 from booth.  When I got the tickets it said $29.  I asked the lady next to us, she and her husband got their tickets from groupon for $20 per.The wait outside to purchase the tickets was disgusting.  Obese worker pressuring us to buy "membership " add on ($3 per ticket) otherwise we wait on the long lines.  He used this tactic on older customers at the end of the lines to make extra dough.Be smart: plan in advance and get your show tickets ONLINE!!!
3	I have a love hate relationship with these people. Love because i pay less for a ticket ( not a great saving tho) and a hate because those ppl that work there are freaking annoying trying to up sell you. But being a business owner i understand.
4	We bought tickets here on more than one occasion and we will go back on our next trip.  The only draw back is the long lines you have to wait in, but once you buy a ticket you can show your ticket stubs with the map they give you and the next day you get in the VIP line with no wait.  There are quite a few ticket places all along the strip, but there usually is a line.  I would suggest going earlier in the day before they sell out of some of the show tickets.   It is well worth the wait with the saving they offer you, there is no reason to pay full price when you have these places.The employees are very knowledgeable and can help you with any questions you have.  A lot of the time they had watched the shows we were interested in and could tell us from their experience how it was.
4	Good selection. Quick processing. Good discounts. The lines can be long and when it is hot there is no shade. They won't have every show, but they had many to chose from. They push the dining options, and perhaps are quite good, but I did not try them. I will definitely be back.
5	Great discounted prices for great seats.  I've bought discounted tickets here and received 2nd and 3rd row seats.  Excellent.
2	Nothing has changed much here. Buy here only if you can't beat their price on groupon, or walk up ticket windows like Harrah's.  You ARE trading your time for money standing in the hot sun in their line, plus you STILL only receive a voucher and have to go stand in another line at the venue. Don't pay to stand in a line.We bought tickets for FIVE shows this trip and bought only ONE at Tix 4 Tonight, only because we just missed a better groupon deal. The 2-for-1 coupons in the street magazines beat "Legends" &  "Defending the Caveman" (not recommending it) Tix 4 Tonight PRICE, Seating and didn't include TWO pretty nice T-shirts at DTCM a distant cousin is now going to get for Xmas.
3	Pros: good prices for good shows. Cons: we had a bad experience in which we were not given reservation tickets for our show and when we went to pick up tickets from the venue, we could not get them. However, the staff at Tix 4 Tonight were helpful with our problem and did reprint our tickets - it just wasted about 30 min of our time.Overall: good service but make sure they give you reservation tickets w your purchase otherwise you could have problems
5	One very short wait in line and we got two tickets to a great show at $20 off (not the 50% I was hoping for, but still okay), and ten dollars each off a buffet we planned to visit the same night. Yay! There's a two dollar fee involved, but you can download a coupon on their website that waives the charges, or you can receive text messages that do the same thing. I'll be coming back for more on my next visit!
1	Just buy regular priced tickets if you are rich enough and do not want to get offended by their rude staff.
1	Don't know about 50% off, but we did pay full price.Watched Zumanity (not a fan) and paid $74/person.Went online afterwards and the cost was $69/person.I believe we just paid full price! We got scammed. Welcome to Vegas...
5	Long line but at least we were able to get tickets to see Tina & Tony's Wedding at 50% off!
4	Expectations check: Expect 20-30% off shows (not 50%) and expect to stand in line for quite some time if you go any time after 2pm. Know the system, and this place will save you some dough. Better yet, if you'll be around other Tix4Tonight locations, go to those instead. If you're staying/living South of the strip, there's a location at Town Square that rarely has a lineup.Come early for the best tickets and seats. And go early to your venue to pick up your tickets. Try to buy tickets to a couple nights at once, so you don't have to stand in line again. In short, you get what you pay for - what you don't pay for in cash at Tix4Tonight, you've got to pay for by standing in line or gaming the system.
4	This will be the best price you find in Vegas for tickets.  Thats not to say every ticket is actually 50% off, however.  Know the show you want, know the retail price for the show, and use Tix4Tonight as one other option.  More often then not, though, you will be able to score some pretty sick discounts.  Just go get in line earlier in the day and its not a bad wait. Also, the food specials they have are pretty kickass too.  Cant do Vegas without those buffets!!!
3	This place is ok. Come early. The good tickets go quick. Know the real price before you come to see if you really getting a good deal. They have fees with the tickets, that some time come to the same price you can get online or even at the ticket box for the show you are trying to see. Id look at prices of shows you want to see online. then come here and see how they compare. There are some deals to be had if you know what the going rates are. Also check the las vegas magazine. They have a few coupons in there also.
5	I LOVE Tix 4 Dinner / Tix 4 Tonight!  This is the best thing ever invented!  We wanted dinner reservations but did not really know where to go.  They had a restaurant called Pampas Grill, a Brazilian steak house that was incredible.  Best of all Tix 4 tonight got us a 50% discount - it was amazing!
4	The wait on Friday am was about 30mins. I appreciate that they check in with you while in line to ensure they have your tickets so you don't waste your time. We got an AMAZING deal. We had only planned on watching one show and with the savings, we were able to see 2 shows and get 50% off of dinner. I HIGHLY recommend using this service. Be flexible and ask their opinion.
4	There was one booth located at Fashion Show Mall; get there about 20-30 minutes beforehand and get your butts in line - it can get quite ridiculous!  Discounts are at least 20% off, so it's definitely better than paying full price!  I got a ticket for Mystere for $83, with tax.  Make sure you bring your $2 off coupon from their website for an extra discount!  Shows are limited, and sections are specific; you also do have to make a run for it to the venue where your show is playing to get to your assigned seat (might be on the other side of the Strip!).  Still, all this for the prices is worth it and it's a great place to check out for last-minute shows!
5	I love Tix4Tonight (and Tix4Dinner for that matter). These stands are a gem that so many people, including myself, just pass by thinking there's some sort of gimmick. It's not! If you're going to Vegas and plan on seeing a show or plan on having a special dinner, come here first! See if they have a deal for whatever you had in mind.One of the deals I got from this place was dinner reservations at Spago. We paid something like $3 per person for 50% off and they even made the reservation for us. At the end of it all, we had drinks, apps, entrees, and dessert for a total cost of $100 including everything! You can't beat that. You'll spend that eating at TGI Friday's.
4	We scored Jersey Boy tickets for $67, which included the $2 discount from the coupons found online (you MUST print this out ... they won't accept phone coupons) and tourist magazines.  We got in line about half an hour before the 10 am opening time.  You get a voucher which you exchange at the box office for seat assignments.  I was going to buy at ticketsatwork.com (employer sponsored) but would have paid $68 plus tax (vs. the $67 all inclusive).  With ticketsatwork, you can pick your seats ahead of time, so there is value add for this source too.You will wait in line for awhile but there is an employee who checks on your desired ticket availability while waiting so you won't waste your time.  The people there are very nice.  The experience was good.
4	If you're in vegas to see a show, you NEVER need to pay full price!There are tons of people trying to sell you cheap tickets, but you never know if they're legit. With Tix4Tonight I've never had issues getting what I paid for and I've bought tickets for 6 shows with them.The only thing you need to watch out for, are their "bonus" deals... the whole pay three dollars and get 50% off a buffet stuff usually has a catch.I'd give them 5 stars, but you always have to wait in line for at least 30 minutes... If they'd change that somehow, I'd give them 5!
4	A must stop for discounted show tickets AND discounted food vouchers.  Staff here gave great service.  They have some standing outside to assist with determining what is available with ipads to check their systemms if you have questions (the lady helping me knew off the top which shows were not available which was awesome).  Location at mall is small but they serve everyone pretty quickly as by the time you get to thw front you have already prepped what you want from the other staff.
4	Purchased tickets for the La Reve show for the performance that was the same night. The seats were premium seats and the savings was about 20% per ticket.This location is less busy than the outdoor strip location and located in the mall. Once paying for the seats I received a voucher where I still needed to will call the actual tickets.  Overall the process was painless and the seat locatiion and show was solid. I would use this service & location again in the future.
1	The staff is friendly but so slow. I had to wait an hour in line and there was only 20 people ahead of me. 3.5 stars u think they would do something about it
