5	Best place to get away from people in the valley!  This is a very under utilized trailhead that has tons to offer if you like variety.  It is great for easy hiking, mountain bikers, and great for walking dogs.This is a great park to "wander" more than stick to a designated trail.  There isn't much change in elevation, except for the butte, so there are no issues with getting lost.  The most interesting part is Big Butte Loop, which is a circular path that hugs the butte.  Here is where you will get the most elevation challenge where you go up and down the washes.For the more adventurous, you can scurry up the south face of Big Butte...just aim for the cave.  This is not for everyone as it's not marked as a trail and will require use of your hands as well as your feet.  This allows you to get to the eastern peak and the views are amazing.  Your dog's four paws will put you to shame going up and over Big Butte. ((((Again, this is not a marked trail and do not attempt if uneasy with heights))))Ascend the butte close to sunrise or sunset, if you're lucky, you will hear the Howler Monkeys from the Phoenix Zoo sounding off!  My hike typically takes about an hour, start east from the parking lot, up or around Big Butte, coming back the west side of Little Butte Loop, back to the parking lot.This is not quite the challenge of Camelback, but only crossing paths with maybe 10 people is priceless!  Oh, and you can also run the stairs of the amphitheater if you're looking for a great place to do leg work.
5	Papago Park is great for beginner hikers and mountain bikers. There's a covered picnic table at the trailhead, and another one at what's referred to as the ramada. A sign at the trailhead shows you the different trail options. I rode #5, as I'm still getting my MTB legs about me. There isn't much elevation change here, but it's great for getting outside and it isn't far from the city at all. It's across the entrance from the PHX Zoo.  Some tips, based on what I've seen there: -- Mind the park's hours (though I've heard people sometimes don't). -- Mind your head from errant golf balls from the neighboring golf course...I nearly ran over a few on the west side, on the #5.-- Watch for flocks of roadrunners running across the trail...they're fast, so they should stay out of your way. -- Also watch for rabbits! -- Take plenty of water and a camera.
4	We went here for a toddler-level 'hike' this weekend and I can't believe that in all my life of living in the Valley I haven't stopped here to enjoy this park.  I'm almost embarrassed to admit that!  In my defense, I have hiked up to Governor Hunt's white pyramid tomb that overlooks the Phoenix Zoo, which I *think* is still technically park of Papago Park...no?  But this time I was on the side of the park with the buttes and I've definitely never been on this side of the park before.It was very pleasant and the brisk weather was great for outdoor exercise, and ensuring no snakes.  That no snakes thing is a BIG plus in my book.  The paved trails all seemed well maintained and stroller friendly.  The unpaved trails were even perfect for my large wheeled, jogging stroller, but no bueno for some tiny wheeled, umbrella stroller.  The sole picnic ramada area I saw at the base of the buttes was very large and well kept too.  I liked how clean the park was and how you can experience a very basic outdoor hike while still being in the city with a full cell signal.  In fact I saw someone rappelling down the side of the one of the buttes and numerous people enjoying the cool weather on the bikes; it's nice that people can do that right in the center of the Valley. All in all, it made it the perfect place to take my baby daughter for her first little 'hike' so she could wander around and pick up rocks and see the view of Phoenix, but if needed we were a mere 20 minutes from home.  The only complaint was that I didn't see any public restrooms at the entrance to the trail by the parking lot, just a water fountain.  By the time we were leaving all that water I drank back there on the trail had gone right though me, and I would have even welcomed a smelly porta-potty.Oh, and I saw that some oatmeal brain had carefully bagged their dog's crap and then left the little bag of dog crap laying on the ground by the trailhead.  This was the ONLY litter I saw, by the way.   This begs the question of the person that left it, why even bag your dog's crap if you aren't then gonna throw it away in the trashcan a staggering 50 feet away??  Are you attempting to preserve the poop from disintegrating and decomposing in the natural elements by leaving it in that little baggie for all of posterity?    Or perhaps you have a butler that follows you around and picks up the little baggies of poop that you leave everywhere?  THAT must be it.  You are a lucky person to have such a clean up service...  Idiot.
4	Our "off trail climb" was a 5 star experience. We scrambled up to the right of the amphitheater. Great sunset. Trail as is gets 4 stars for being mild.
5	this park is right behind our house....well, a short bike ride/walk down the canal from our house. with multiple trail heads and plenty of stuff to do, papago park is just so much fun. rock climbing, hiking, mtn biking, fishing, picnicing....and it's a rather large part if you consider the area just north of the 202. it's great for beginner hikers and bikers, but don't be fooled....with multiple options for hill climbing, you can make papago park very difficult.if you wait on the path near the big pyramid, you can even see the big ol bighorn sheep in the early morning and late afternoon. just a fun, easy park to enjoy.
4	Great hiking spot and amazing views for beginner hikers!Keep in mind if you're meeting a friend here - it is VERY difficult to articulate exactly where you're parked, etc. I have tried meeting 3 separate friends here within the last several years, and it's taken 20-25 minutes to find each other. Why? Probably bc there's the zoo parking lot, Desert Botanical lot, trail lot, etc - not a LOT of helpful signage either.Park is doggie-friendly also.
5	This scenic and well-kempt oasis amid the sprawling Phoenix metro is a great venue for an early morning jog or a leisurely hike. I'm not a cyclist, but the bike trails looked like they'd be a lot of fun too. Plus it's just a short climb to a great panorama of downtown Phoenix.
5	Easy hiking trails with decent climbs. You get a good view of the airport and plenty of plan landing/take-offs. The best thing is probably the long trails for running around the park. This is where I ran to train for half marathons. I would totally recommend this area for biking, hiking and running.
5	Did this hike with my 5 year old. The trail we did was completely paved and relatively flat but was.long enough to burn some energy and work up an appetite. We usually bring lunch with us to eat in the park.
5	Fun place to hike. Well manicured trails plus you can peel off and climb on your own. The trails only go around the buttes but you can find a spot that fits your fitness level and climb up. Make sure you were appropriate shoes if you plan to climb up. Also, check out hole-in-the-rock across the street next to the zoo. Cool rock formation.
4	This place is nice for simple hikes, a little bit of boulder climbing, taking photos, and great for trail riding. Parking is a bit tough.
5	Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous! Well manicured, clean parking lot and free to park, Drinking fountain and picnic table area with shade - plenty of places to run, hike and bike!
4	I new out here and I absolutely love the red rocks.  I wanted a nice easy hike that I could enjoy, and this fits the bill perfectly.   There are a lot of little paths that circle the buttes.  There's a little rest area in the middle and sometimes I'll stop and watch the climbers or the bikers on the trails while I take a water break.Across the street is a lake and the hole-in-the-rock which is a fairly easy climb.  The parking on that side is a little confusing because you are sharing the entrance with the zoo and the botanical garden.   Other than that, it's a neat place to visit.
