1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS. And I do mean costs. The Doctors at this location are top-notch, but the sales people are only there to take your wallet for a ride. Case and point: three years ago I had never seen an eye doctor before. I went in for my first exam as an adult, I walked out of there with two pairs of glasses and a lot of debt. Having never bought glasses before I did not know that I was being ripped off. The next time I went in I got what I wanted because I was a little wiser, but it still cost an arm and leg.Today I went in and they quoted me $480 just to replace the lenses on the frames I had bought the previous visit. 14 months ago the same lenses cost me $269! Such bullsh*t. Keep in mind I have full vision insurance. These prices are WITH the insurance. Also they keep wanting my health insurance information--very suspicious. I will watch my health insurance for suspicious activity, I do not think these people are above defrauding every person that walks in the door.AGAIN DO NOT GO HERE. EVER. I ONLY GO BECAUSE I CAN WALK THERE FROM MY HOUSE, BUT I WILL NEVER BUY FRAMES/LENSES FROM THESE CROOKS.Follow up: I almost forgot about the sunglasses they charged me $200 for-- when they broke I replaced them an identical name-brand pair that I found online -  $56.19 shipped.
5	I came in a few weeks ago after booking an appointment online. It was super easy to make the appointment and they sent me plenty of reminders which was awesome! When I got there, everyone was really nice and helpful! Eyes tend to gross me out so I was nervous about how the appointment would go down, but Michelle definitely helped me throughout the whole thing! She was fantastic! I especially LOVE that they do not do that puff of air in the eyes! SUCH a relief because that's honestly the worst part about going to the eye doctor. Dr. Babu was awesome too! I've been to plenty of eye doctors but they are by far the best place I've been to! I can't wait to go back to pick up my new glasses next week! I'll be back to get sunglasses at some point too! You guys rock! Thank you!
3	New  Year...time to get the eyes checked.  I can walk to this location, I can set my appointment online and I can get my exam taken care of for $10.Friday morning, 9:50 AM, I arrived for my appointment.  On parking and walking in, I gave my name to front desk chickie.  She handed me various paperwork.  I sat and answered questions.  10 AM, I brought the completed paperwork to the desk.  Before I got back to the chair, I was being called.  The lady I came to discover was the salesperson gestured for me to join her.  She brought me to the observation room, had me look into a computer, asked a few questions and left.Dr. Kesner, one of several docs available onsite, opened the door and came in.  He introduced himself, asked if my holidays had been good, and asked if I was ready to start.  He explained what the computer had read, and asked if I had any special needs or requests.  I handed him my glasses, which weigh all of 7 grams ( 1/4 of an ounce) and told him my frames needed to be as close to the same weight or lighter.  I have no bridge in my nose (steering wheels and noses don't mix) and these are the only pair light enough to sit on my nose and not slip down.We looked through various lenses at different eye charts and then the dread pupil dialation.  Drops went in, then looking at lights while doc stared at the back of the eye.  Conversation about what happened to the left eye (same accident) and how everything looked on the back of my eye.After, doc suggested I get nonglare coating on my next pair of glasses.  He handed me off to Saleslady, who walked with me to a station near the glasses.  I handed my glasses over and told her the same thing I told the doc.  She presented me with 3 pair of frames, 2 heavier than I wanted, and one that was the same weight.  Pricing all three out, the heavier frames were about $100 less than the lightest.  Between polycarbonate lenses and UV tint, after my benefit from the insurance, I was looking at $300 for a pair of glasses.  As Saleslady presented the numbers, she must have seen my face change.  Her tone went from 'we've got just what you want' to 'don't tell me you are not buying' before I could say thank you, but I will be purchasing at another location.Doc was outstanding, very satisfied with that part of the visit.  The sales side...well...it is probably commission based, so those folks are going to push everything they can sell toward anyone who they get to push it at.  Hearing the change in the tone of the Saleslady's voice was kind of harsh.I will go back for my eye exams...and I will go to Costco for affordable frames and lenses.  Granted, Costco does not have 1 hour service...but for 1/3 the price of 20/20, I can wear my old ones until the new ones arrive.
1	GO ANYWHERE ELSE! Save yourself the trouble/headaches. I was a patient for two years, merely out of convenience. I have discovered that the receptionist is the only employee who appears to have exceptional customer service skills as well as an admirable work ethic.I went in last year to have an eye exam so that I could purchase more contacts. I was frustrated initially because there were multiple complications with my contact order, and it took approximately 3 wks for them to arrive! I was told this happens all the time, and when I went in to correct the issue in person (since the manager never bothered to call me back) there was a woman at the counter complaining about the same thing!  It turned out, after all of my waiting, that the ''guest optometrist'' got my prescription wrong. I had to go i for a second exam and the regular optimetrist apologized saying ''let's get somone who knows what they're doing to take a look at your prescription''. Why, as a business, would you have amateurs as doctors? They represent YOUR business. Most recently, I went in, in a hurry to purchase eye glasses. I went in first just to browse. I found some frames that I liked, and sat down with Tammy (sales lady, if you could even call her that). The frames were purple, and I distinctly informed her that I hate that color. She said the frames came in brown as well. I didn't order that day because I felt like I needed to look around a bit first.I returned to order glasses, and re-visited the pair from my previous visit. I found a similar pair that I liked more. Tammy took out her ''notes'' on me, which listed everything we had discussed from thd first visit. After placing the order, and feeling as though everything was in order, Tammy called 3 days later to inform me that she had mistakenly selected the wrong insirance, which stalled the production of my glasses. I told her that it was really cutting things close for me, and that I would not be able to make it in for an adjustment. She informed me that I could go to any eye care place in my new living location to have them adjusted. Fine. I still had to pay for shipping.I needed the glasses quickly, within one week of ordering, because I was leaving to Iowa for Christmas, and moving to Denver the day after I returned to Tempe. I explained this to Tammy several times, and asked her multiple times if she could assure me I would have them on time. She assured me. I did receive the glasses within the requested timeframe, however the glasses were PURPLE despite my explaining the disgust I felt for the color. Even worse, the prescription was completely wrong... AGAIN!I called Tammy immediately upon receiving the totally incorrect order. She was totally rude! She must have forgotte. me AND thrown away all of the information from our visits because she told me to come in to have the issues fixed. I had to again explain that I had moved. She asked me why I ordered the glasses if I was moving and inable to have them adjusted. Frustrated, I reminded her that HER insurance paperwork error was the cause for delay on the production of my glasses, which caused the glasses to have to be shipped to me, and by that time I was unable to have them adjusted at their store.She was really pissed and huffed at me, saying that the manager would have to take over. That was fine with me! The problem THEN was that David NEVER called me back. I called to speak with him every other day in attempt to resolve the issues. Each time, Tammy and the receptionist told me he was on break. Either they give their employees ridiculous amounts of breaks OR he was avoiding me, which is far from how managers are supposed to handle business/clientele issues. I called every other day from Jan. 2nd-Jan 19th with no call-backs.I eventually contacted the credit card and insurance company to inform them of the business's shifty handling of my super pricey purchase. They were finally able to get the $400ish back to me.I would have been fine with keeping the BROWN frames and just being refunded for the frames, but because the manager refused to contact me, they lost the entire purchase amount.This place is incredibly shady and is run very unprofessionally. I just wanted to work it out to the best of everyone's abilities.Do not do business with these people! Aside from the receptionist, they are completely money-driven and quick to turn their backs when something goes awry.BEWARE!!!
1	Go. Anywhere. Else. The doctor was great during the appointment, but ordered a completely different contact than I told him and that I've worn since I started wearing contacts. Thought I would give them a try, and it burns too bad to wear it. So after ordering 2 boxes from 1800 contacts ($100 cheaper than what they priced me at), I wanted to return the unopened contacts and replace them with the correct ones. The lady I was chatting online with at 1800 contacts was so helpful and generous and called the Dr. to give the ok to send me the correct contacts and he. said. NO. and told me that I need to come in for a fitting. Excuse me, but I've been wearing these contacts for 10 years! The front desk lady was very nice, but the lady Krystal was rude the entire time. Now, I'm stuck with no contacts unless I want to burn my eyes out and I have to deal with insurance and timing to go see them AGAIN to do what should've been done last time I went. I've never had this many problems... Stick with your "small town" eye doctor, not these guys.
1	I was looking for some px sunglasses and went to this place for convenience and because it had a deal with my insurance. The offer for sun glasses was very short so I went to Sunglass Hut to choose the model I wanted and went back to 20/20 to choose from a Ray Ban catalog the same model I picked previously at SH. The Ray Bans cost $160 (frame+lenses) at SH and 20/20 quoted me $380 for the same model, for the frame alone.   When I told them that was ridiculous I was told "you only buy if you want to" with the nastiest tone of voice I have ever heard. Anyway, their quote for the frame + px lenses + polarization etc was ~$580 out of pocket on top of what the insurance covers. I told them it was absolutely ridiculous and I'm pretty sure they were trying to scam me.  I left and went to another place, ordered the same Ray Bans, px lenses, with polarization, carbon, mirroring treatment, etc for $195 out of pocket... again, the same glasses!   My advice, don't go to this place!
4	I have done business at 20/20 for several years now and have been very happy with the results.  Last month we had a problem with my new glasses and I could not get used to the lenses.  I went in for a follow-up, and it was decided that the lenses ordered were not correct.   A new eye exam was done and new lenses were ordered at no cost to me, and I received an apology from the eye Doc.  I was 'armed for bear' when I went in but left happy.  I will continue to use them.
2	I've been going here for about 5 years, but I think it's finally time to make a change.  I started going here because it used to be convenient, close to my office, but then my office location moved and now it's over 20 - 30 min to get here. They've always accepted my insurance and they have a good selection of glasses that I've been happy with over the years.  The service is terrible though.  The only reason I keep going here is because I genuinely enjoy my eye doctor, Dr. Charles Kesner.  He's truly enjoyable, friendly, shares helpful information and suggestions for eye care, etc.   That should truly be the most important part, but unfortunately I have just had a series of terrible experiences with the salespeople there that I've just gotten fed up and can't do it any longer.As one of many examples: I had to go around and around with them to get the right contacts - the first time, a different brand than I wanted was ordered.  I had an allergy to the contacts and had to return them. Then the wrong prescription came in, then I had to come back for another exam, then come back to pick up a new box, then come back for who knows what?!   I don't live near Tempe - all of this was majorly inconvienent, and when I was finally promised that the order was correct and in after several weeks of this, I was getting ready to leave on a long trip out of town - I went to the office and they still weren't there.  So I had to drive all the way up to north Scottsdale to their other office to get them, and when I went in after calling first and being assured they were there, the staff couldn't find the contacts i needed.  Several irritated phone calls between stores (and lots of gas money), the contacts were finally found.  Not a happy customer though!
2	This was my second visit to get PX sunglasses from 20/20 eye center. I brought in my own sunglasses to have lenses made. My first time had been quick and easy receiving my sunglasses a week after my visit. with my insurance I paid $110.  on my next visit I waited a month to receive my glasses. I had to call the center to find out they had been sitting in their office for 3 days. With my insurance this visit it cost $210. When I asked why the increase they gave no response except a shoulder shrug. I also wanted a specific shade lens and was told I would get it. Later to find out it was never available. The doctor is awesome, staff needs work.
1	Stay far, far away from this place!  If I had read the reviews prior, I would have, but I was in a hurry and they were close, so.... the people there are good salespeople, that I will give them!  But as soon as you realize you have been scammed, they become very rude.  The "optician" was nothing but a salesperson.  The "manager" could not even manage the place.  When I realized what was going on, that they were just trying to sell and collect as much on my insurance as was possible,  I asked for a refund. The "manager"  had to get his boss who was at a different location to give me a refund.  It should take about a week.  It took them about a half an hour to scam me, but when I found out , it will take about a week to give me a refund!  When I tried to have my prescription filled by another eye care place, I discovered that the doctor did not even write it correctly.   This place is awful!!  I hope you read this before going there!
1	This place messed up my prescription THREE TIMES not only on my contacts, but on my glasses. It was an enormous waste of money and frustration and I urge you to never, ever step foot in here. Dr. Kesner was nice, unlike the person who makes their appointments, but he's dreadful at his job . I went here to update my contact and glasses prescription and order contacts before our FSA deadline that was about 3 weeks away at the time of my appointment.After my appointment, I wait the week for them to get in my trial pairs of contacts. I give them a try and can't see any better than before and my right eye seems far more corrected than the other, making my vision feel pretty weird. I head back in and Dr. Kesner rechecks and updates my prescription (no apology for it being so off), so I wait another week for more samples to come in. I still can't see very well and while the contacts feel fine, my vision is too shoddy to wear the trial pair for more than an hour.During this third followup appointment, I had to argue with the doctor for several minutes and insist that my left eye needs to be bumped up more. He dismisses me with "a lot of people think they want a stronger prescription but they don't realize what a big jump this is." Thanks for making me feel like I'm a needy customer when I've been wearing contacts for over 15 years without problems--I'm not looking for perfection, but I know they can be better than this blurriness and disconnect between my left and right eye.2 weeks pass until the new trial contacts to come in so my FSA deadline is blown. Since we need to use up the money and I have a new glasses RX, my partner and I go to Lenscrafters because they have hours that don't require me to take time off work, another annoyance about 20/20.$600 FSA dollars and a week later at Lenscrafters (and nothing but a good impression of their customer service) my glasses come in and...the RX is off. Like, can't drive at night with my glasses because I can't read any street signs and one eye is still overcorrected. I went back to 20/20 and after insisting that Lenscrafters must have gotten the PD distance wrong--hugely wrong, they insist--the woman giving me the preliminary exam admits that the RX seems wrong, too. Dr. Kesner gives me yet another exam and gives me a new RX at the end. Not once do they apologize for giving me the wrong prescription and I have no idea what I'm going to do--they're at fault, not Lenscrafters, but I had to get back to work after that 4th (!) exam so I just left.I went into Lenscrafters to make sure they did get the PD right and of course they did. The ridiculously kind salesperson allows me to use the money-back guarantee to put in the new prescription, which they definitely had no obligation to do. Forget shopping local--Lenscrafters just won my loyalty, and 20/20 will forever earn my disgust. I still need a new contacts prescription because the 3rd time wasn't a charm and the contacts I got with that final RX still makes me have to squint to see. Thank god my insurance has covered all this idiocy so I don't have to try to get a refund from them for all their mistakes. Avoid at all costs!
5	I've been using 20/20 image for several years now and they have been great. I've never been pressured to buy expensive frames or to have exotic procedures - just honest diagnosis and treatment.
2	Do not get any eye treatments at this place! The front office staff is very unprofessional in appearance & demeanor! The office as a whole is terribly unorganized! I went for a regular eye exam a few days ago & now I'm having to get my eyes checked again because my left eye has been really itchy & irritated since my appointment! The only positive I have about this place is that they had a really cute frame that I wanted but that's it!
5	would go again the doctor onsite was hillarious. they took care of me and made many recommendations including ways to save money since i like to always get both contacts and eyeglasses
5	Dr. Kesner and his staff are very friendly, kind, and great at what they do. I've been going to this office for about 3 1/2 years now and I'm always impressed with each visit. If you're looking for an optometrist in the Phoenix/Tempe area you should definitely make an appointment here.
