4	"They've got PBR on tap!!!" Damn, I had no idea it was that easy to please my Scottsdale friend who apparently likes going low class as much as a bulimic Portland hipster."We've gotta hang out more often if thats all it takes for you to have a good time," I told him. "What's it called?""Something with Max. Max's Revenge. The maxx. Total Max. MAX POWER.""MAX POWER.""Yeah, MAX POWER. Let's do it. They've got PBR on tap!!!"As well as pretty much everything that goes with PBR. 4 dollar lunch specials with a beer, poker tournaments, internet poker dealies, casino style seating, and of course MULLETS! It was such a mullet fest I couldn't stop laughing in spite of all the assanine Patriots fans making sports observations that make Dan Dierdorf look like a Rhodes Scholar. And the tuck rule?!? We really gotta bring up the tuck rule? It was the sixth anniversary of those divisional playoffs and all, but please spare me the pain while I'm trying to enjoy the post-season despite another 4-12 Raiders finish.I'm off track. Back to the mullets. I first noticed it when a couple, dressed in what is likely their Saturday night best leather, took over one of the pool tables. As the female partner flashed her curly, blond locks during shots, I commented at how I guess the good part of having a girlfriend with a mullet is you can take her to a sports bar on a Saturday night for some free pool and poker and she will think that they are royalty.But surely mullets and PBR don't equal four stars Mike, is what you are likely saying. It doesn't. It's the huge fleet of HD flat screens that really make this place. They really do multiple-game viewing right at this place with all large flat screen TVs lining the walls and plenty of comfortable seats in the center to watch them from. They also have a huge selection of draft beers the runs almost the entire length of their bar. Domestic 25 oz beers ran around 4 dollars. "They've got PBR!!!" Alright Jason, I get it, but I'll have a Stella. Those ran 7 dollars for the 25 oz variety.Top it off with all the free pool and ping pong you can co-ordiante yourself through after 25 oz beers and some mixed NFL playoffs/Phoenix Suns action. "We really should've played ping pong before all that booze," I said breaking out in a sweat chasing after about my 30th errand ball."Agreed."
1	We used to go here when it was Famous Sams  and it was tolerable.  Then we made the BIG mistake of going here when it became Max.  The service was bad and the food was worse.  I will not be going back here.  Famous Sam's was like that uncle you could tolerate because you could always rely on him to make you laugh with a joke full of words you probably shouldn't  be hearing.  Max is like the uncle in the corner that smelled kinda like he crapped his pants and never remembered to put his teeth in.  Just look away and pretend it doesn't exist!!!
3	Wait! This is a bar???That was my initial reaction after being taken here one night after I already had my buzz on.  I drive passed it everyday on my way to work and had always stupidly assumed, based on the sign, that this was a skate shop or something.I do know that it seemed quite big inside, and it wasn't very busy.  I did like the fact that they have like 45 beers on tap (I"m just guessing at that number.  Remember, I was buzzed).  But they do give you the option to have a beer flight, three 7 oz beers for a super cheap price that yes, I don't remember.  Either way, they were good and they had my favorite Leinenkugels (how do you spell that?) so my flight consisted of 2 of those.  The bartender was a really nice chick, and even gave us 2 lemons to take home, because we decided we needed those for some reason.  I think maybe I need to go again so I can fully immerse myself in the Max.
2	This place is the equilvalent of a grown-up Chuck E. Cheese.... It is loud & there are huge TV's everywhere. The food is reasonably priced and pretty good. I would eat it again. Just not often. We went there for a birthday party and it was really hard to hear anything people were saying, even the people sitting right next to you. I'd have given it 4 stars for the food and prices except that it was just too loud and chaotic there for me. There were about 10 games going on at once on the TV's. Plus, there were pool tables, pingpong, and trivia. With all the of people talking and the music and the games, it was just too much! I wouldnt hang out their all the time but fun once in a while. Oh, The lunch specials are an excellent deal and even come with a beer! How cool is that!?! A free beer with lunch? Awesome!
5	Bright, huge, friendly, cheap! I have to admit I have a bias because any bar with a ping-pong table in it would have to work hard not to get 5 stars from me but it's easily 4 stars without the table. The food I've had is good and it's a very bright and cheery place. $2.75 for that pint of PBR, and I'd say at least 25 60"+ plasma screens. Also they do UFC parties and Texas Hold 'Em on Sat. nights. Loved it and will keep goin back...
4	Great little dive bar/restaurant with your standard fare of philly cheesesteaks, fried appetizers, burgers etc. Friendly service and TV's covering every inch of the walls. Don't expect anything fancy, but its a great place to spend a few hours and watch the game with friends.
3	I did not know what to expect when I walked in the door. My friend and I were driving around looking for a bar to get some food and beer. By chance we passed by and decided to stop in. I was very surprised at the number of TVs going on in the joint.. The place had a decent number of tables and a good selection of bar games. As I passed the bar I did notice that they had a large selection of draft beers on tap and in bottles. This place is getting better by the moment. Now for the food. The prices were pretty good and we ordered the wings (naturally). We wanted to try four different flavors so we ordered 48 pieces for $24.99 and got nuclear, hot, lemon pepper and sweet chili. They we all good, but not spectacular. Overall I would come back to try more of their food and to hang out to watch a game. I would have given them a 4 star but the service was on the slow side. I will stop in again to see if it was just a bump in the road.
3	Man I wish I still lived in Scottsdale right about now!  Max's is the best place in S. Scottsdale to watch NFL!  I'm sure it's probably just as good for NCAA, just getting into College football. They have the lil sound dog things, so that if your game isn't on the loud speaker, you can at least hear your game.  This was the first place I've been to with them, but the Native New Yorker in Laveen has them too, what a terrific little piece of technology.This used to be a Famous Sams, and was bought out by a guy from California.  He came in, refinished the bar, added all the flat screens, a patio and I'm sure he got new bar stools!  Looks a million times better than the old Famous Sams!  BUT, they pretty much kept the famous sams food, so they lose stars on that!  BUT they have great NFL Sunday Specials, at least they did last season.  I always sat belly up, so I can't say much about service, but the bartenders are usually on their game!
4	Good service, excellent set-up for TV viewing... Food is mediocre, but all-in-all there are few places in the Old Town vicinity that are better in terms of mass sports consumption.
1	To be fair, I gave this place one star because they have so many beers on tap. Great selection too.Now, the food was a grade above dog food and the service was awful. We stopped in here to watch the finals and our first server told us she did not want to repeat the beer list cause "there were so many". Last I checked, if you work at a bar and your customer asks what kind of beer you serve, you answer cause thats your job. Would it make it easier on you if we just got up ourselves and checked? I mean come on. This server wanted to close out, so we had another chick come over, one who was more concerned with telling us how it was almost her last shift and she was moving back home than providing good service. She was not the sharpest tool in the box either.Either way, I spend my money at places I enjoy, food and service are important. I can go anywhere in this town to get beers on tap. Needless to say, I will not be going there again.
4	Burgers were pretty good, lots of beers on tap and there were tons of TV's!  Came here once for football and once for UFC.  Enjoyed it and I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Best place to watch a NE husker game in AZ! they play the fight song after every TD, have tons of TVs so there is not a bad seat in the house. will definitely be making this my new husker football viewing locale!
5	Love this place (even though it is a Nebraska bar -- Go Hawks!) The outside looks like a total dive bar but it's really nice for a south Scottsdale bar!  Lots of TVs, lots of seating & parking, food and food specials are pretty good.  Met up with friends there a few times now to watch football and always have a good time!  Bonus for me...I can walk to it!
3	This place has a great setup for watching sports and the food was great... but the service here is very slow.  Like if you want to order food, plan on waiting 30 - 45 minutes to see a server.  If you actually want to eat your food, plan on another 30 minutes... forget about them coming and asking how the food is or even taking your plate away.  I give them some credit that I went on one for the the busiest sports night; but you can tell they (Max's) were not prepared to manage this large capacity. Overall, I only paid $16 for to large beers and two entrees... I'm sure all be back.
3	This is a great place to go watch a game. It gets really packed for important games like tonight. We had to wait a while just to find a place for us to sit. The food is typical bar food. Nothing terribly exciting but it soaks up the liquor. The drinks seemed to be overpriced, in my opinion. The service was alright. One of the bartenders was cute but some of the rest of the girls aren't. They have a ton of different beers on tap to choose from. Like I said, I'd go back here to watch a game but not for much else.
2	Great tv set up. Comfortable food. When the new owners took over and remodeled the inside, not sure why they didn't Change the kitchen, the food is a 2/10 at best. Great for all sports, food strongly not recommended.
2	Been in a few times, because it's close to my house. Service is spotty. Food is mediocre, and probably designed to be more enjoyable the drunker you are. My friend and I won the trivia game thing one night (the trivial girl totally came up and interrupted our conversation to tell us about it - we weren't ostensibly there for that). So, t-girl comes up and hands us the big $25 gift card for the brainiac winners, and I say, "Looks like we're the smartest guys in the joint," like...not-so-serious, but in a playful way, to which she gives the most condescending look, and replies, "I don't know about that," all straight-faced, turning away robotically. Wow. Creepy. Yeah, you don't know me, or the art of conversation, girlfriend. I could clean up on Jeopardy, but since you interrupted...okay, I'll play your little game. And get comped food and drinks for me and my friend in the process. Boo-yah!Anyway, my buddy gets the beef tacos and swears by them. I guess they have a couple of okay appetizers not designed for Epicurean appreciation, but for wolfing down while you're watching the Suns game.There's your Max Sports Grille trivia in a nutshell!
4	The actual bar is great! They have a TON of flat screen TVS, shuffle board and lots of seating. The service was... eh- ok. We got pizza and thought it was great! Hopefully they hire some intelligent waitresses who are "yes"men instead of the answer no to every question. Overall great place!
4	Great place to watch a game.  Good but not great food.  We held alumni events there, and they were always very generous with prizes and donations that supported our scholarship fund.
3	Max Sports Grille is the perfect spot to catch a game and have a drink with some friends.  Just make sure you eat before arriving here.  Ordering food brings down the fun experience.The bar itself is pretty cool and laid back.  The place is huge and flat screens virtually cover all the walls giving you a good view of whatever game you're there to see.  There's a lot of room inside and the patio looks like a good spot as well.  We came with a pretty big group and there were no problems accommodating us.  The tap selection is awesome and prices are pretty good.  Thursday night trivia is also a lot of fun if you are a person filled with worthless knowledge (such as myself).As I already expressed, the sour note is the food.  While I rarely expect culinary excellence from a sports dive, not a single person in our group that ordered something to eat truly enjoyed our food.  It's okay for average bar food, but mostly plain and underwhelming.  If you're looking to eat more than drink, you may want to skip Max Sports Grille.
5	This review is based on the ability to watch any game you want. It's also nice that they have great breakfast/lunch football specials.
4	This bar has so many TVs and lots of seating! I went to watch the Ravens game here on Sunday and when we walked in, we were literally the only people there. I think this was because the PF Chang's Marathon was just finishing up and they had the road blocked off still.Anyways, the waitstaff was nice and attentive (although it may have been because we were the only ones in there). I got a bloody mary and the veggie omelet. The bloody mary was really good and during games, they are only $2.50! The veggie omelet was decent, pretty typical bar brunch food.They have good "during game" specials, and with so many large flat screen TVs, you could watch any game. I also noticed that it is a Nebraska bar for any Husker fans.
3	Taco Tuesday here was pretty much average. You have your choice of $6.99 all you can eat tacos (ground beef) or $4.99 for two tacos and a margarita which I chose. These are nothing more than tacos you can put together at home - sort of flavored ground beef with cheese, lettuce on warm flour tortillas. Served with a small side of sour cream and salsa. So easy to prepare that the female bartender went back to the kitchen and made them for me - might have been cook's night's off? Margarita was ok and they seem to always have some beers on special for $3 - last night it was Dos Equis drafts. They have the baseball package and I was able to watch the out of town game. Somehow, there are now two Nebraska bars within 2 miles of eachother, but will steer clear of those days because bartender said it gets packed for Cornhuskers games. Prices for food a bit high as burgers, etc average $10 per order, but NFL Sunday looks promising here.
3	Been here a few times. I will be here again. Why? It's that "where should we go get a beer with the best chance of specials?" bar. I have never been there when there wasn't some sort of special. Sometimes even a giveaway!Wings are okay. I will leave it at that. Burgers also okay. Standard bar fare to soak up all the beer you will drink while watching one of 50 games on all their TVs.They have a nice patio that is often full of smoking football fans. Also have cute and attentive bartenders. Usually very loud and rude married dudes hitting on them the whole time, which can be more fun than the games...
4	SO MANY TVs. They also usually have good beer specials. The food is so-so. The app sampler is AWFUL. Seriously don't get it. The reubens are not bad.The atmosphere and friendly staff make up for the food.
4	it's a sports bar, they really should work on improving the food, but, HEY it's a sports bar -  50 TVs, and not a bad seat in the house. really friendly people hang out here, mostly south Scottsdale locals; and the bar staff and waitrons are very friendly and good at their jobs, and attentive and unobtrusive if you are totally engaged in some football or basketball game, but as soon as you need another, they are right there.You can also borrow a radio to listen to the game while you watch, in case the audio for the game you're watching isn't being played on the speakers.Lynn is a Jewel - a really special person that should make a lot of money in tips because she is really really a great person.  I'm pretty sure her name is Lynn.
4	This sports bar is the king of the lunch special. Good choices and good prices. My only complaint is that the service is slow. If you go for lunch expect your whole lunch hour to be sapped. But, the food is tasty, the drinks are cold, and the price is right.
5	GO BIG RED ! ! ! !We watch every Huskers game here. Lots of TV, great beer selection and good food.
4	Watched the last two UFC events. Yesterday, there was no cover charge and the crowds were not that bad. The UFC 168 had better fighters, so that is apparently why there was a $5 Cover Charge? They always have some good drink specials..last night it was $3 Killian's and of course the $1 Jello shot is a key component for this bar. Get there early for good cards, but overall, they show the event on like 40 TV's, so you should be able to view the fight from anywhere.
4	Came here during happy hour on a Monday and the place was dead, which was ideal for us as we walked over to use the ping pong table and grab a couple cheap pints! This place is pleasantly clean and the bartender was very nice and served our pints in frosty glass. There is a decent happy hour daily, including deals on the weekend. We  ordered the boneless wings and fries from the happy hour menu for under $5. The fries were delicious! We were very satisfied in sipping our beers and playing round after round of ping pong without any problems.
3	Been here for work get togethers the past few weeks. There was more than enough room for our group of 50+ people. We played pool and table tennis and enjoyed the patio. The drinks are cheap and the food is average. Spacious and good lighting.
5	Always have good service even when busy Nebraska cornhusker games are being shown. good atmosphere and good food.
4	Wish they served all their menu in the mornings but my kids said their breakfast was good.
2	There was a very bad odor entering bar. It smelled like mold or something to that effect and that was the first problem. They also claim to have a new menu, but what they really need to do is get a new cook. They have one person back there trying to handle orders for the whole bar which wasn't that crowded for Monday football. It is the same cook that has always been there and he just doesn't know how to cook. This is an asian owned sports bar, but they only have one asian dish - why not add a few more and see what works. The beer prices are very low still ($2.25) for a bottle or draft, so that is the saving grace and the TV's are large and plentiful, but they need to freshen up that smell before I will return.
4	Great local sports bar. The owners and staff are all terrific! They even make Thanksgiving Dinner for their customers every year. Awesome!!Scott C.Scottsdale, AZ
4	Great place to watch sports with friends and get some wings and drinks.
