5	If you want the BEST yellow chicken curry in Madison,this is the place!! Everything on the menu is delish,recently tried the seafood curry,AMAZING! The decor is so cool and the owners are great!
4	Sala Thai is a hidden gem along the bike path!  Although I don't want others to know about my new favorite Thai place, Sala deserves some recognition.  I'm shocked that I'm only the second person to give a review.  The restaurant itself is small and charming, with a matriarch behind the register who seems to always have something interesting to say.  So far I've tried the chicken pad see ew and red tofu curry-both were delicious with lots of fresh veggies and full of flavor!   Just remember, they are a cash only business so plan accordingly!
4	A friend recommended I try Sala Thai- I am so grateful for the recommendation.Sala Thai is a little hidden but worth finding.I agree with Jenny :I am surprised it has only two reviews, especially since I went there on a Tuesday, and they had steady traffic. They have by far one of the best pork  friend potsickers I have tried!!  The panang curry was warm and had just the right amount of spice. The Mango Sticky Rice absolutely yummy.  And of course had to get my dose of a thai caffienated drink- went with coffee instead of tea, it was really good too. The service was friendly and quick. I will be back when I make it to the east side again.
5	Great place in my neighborhood. Love their squash curry with chicken and the vegetable curry too. We had a block party the other weekend and the owner brought us pans of the squash curry, pad Thai and egg rolls. They were the hit of the party.
3	Would probably go there once in awhile if I lived down the block... But I don't... And I won't waste another trip there. Small portions, slow service, and not that great 'Thai' food. Prices weren't that great either.   One reviewer complained about the spiciness. I had the opposite experience- warned by the waitress how spicy one dish was supposed to be at which point I said no problem... my 11 year old wouldn't have even thought it was spicy.   Interestingly, I ate at Thai Basil later same day (as I didn't get my Thai craving met here), where I asked for extra spicy larb...holy@$##% was that hot!! Took me about 30 min to eat it with my eyes watering and my tongue and lips practically blistered but it tasted awesome. I will go back there again (albeit will remove the 'extra ' word...)
4	Been here twice and loved their curry puff and my friends loved the chicken satay!!! The main course was like okay compared to the appetizers. Good Thai tea!! Pricey but the quantity is good. And the appetizers fill you before the main food comes. Love the ambience. Not really bothered about ye wait time because the taste is worth it. Good place to go to once in a while
