4	A great place to go to get out of the house, Panera offers free wi-fi and free refills on drinks and coffee!Sandwiches, soups and salads are their specialties, as well as a large offering of baked goods. Cookies, bagels, muffins and whole loaves of bread are all made fresh in the store every day.The "pick two" deal is two of either a half sandwich a bowl of soup or a salad, and they have an excellent selection of all. I went with the tomato and mozzarella sandwich which was fresh mozzarella and roasted and fresh tomatoes and basil on a ciabatta loaf, and the broccoli cheddar soup, which was very cheesy with big pieces of broccoli. Absolutely delicious.The soups rotate on a daily basis, so it's never the same thing.At lunch time, it gets a little busy and I've seen the place with every table filled. They also have a few outside tables that are in range of the wi-fi.
4	Talk about delicious bagels, I went in to grab a quick bagel with my buddy and walked out with a bakers dozen!  I did have lunch 2-3 times on different occasions, and their broccoli/cheddar soup rocked, it was very broccoli-ey and cheese-y.  The sandwiches can pass for borderline gourmet (pesto, good selection of cheeses and fresh baked artisan breads) But lets talk about the cinnamon crunch bagel that Im obsessed with.  I got it lightly toasted and cream cheese on the side.  It was fresh, hot and so good!  I couldnt bear to adulterate the flavor with the cr. cheese, so I just got some butter and enjoyed it with hot tea with honey.  You would love it too :)  And yes, it has free wi-fi so dont forget to get your laptop or your choice entertainment.
3	How can they pack so many calories into such tiny sandwiches?God, I love bread.
3	This Panera (Gosh, they popped up everywhere) is standard Panera I'd say. Smaller patio on the sidewalk and not the most inviting of patios in the small strip of a larger shopping area with Lowe's and Walmart . I usually find someone will come and smoke near you if you sit outside here for a little while (Must resist the urge to slap the person).Usually clean but have found the Internets here a little slower than other Panera's. Bagel's are pretty good but get chewier as the day progresses and i don't usually make it to a Panera until the evening.  Find the food to be a little pricer for the same fare as Jason's Deli or McCalister's but always pretty fresh and good. Love the Chicken Noodle Soup though, my favorite!!
3	So everyone knows what Panera has to offer I'm assuming, as it's a chain. Had a business meeting here the other day and was impressed by the amount of seating area. Easy to find a quiet place for conversation during the mid-late afternoon hours. Service was friendly as always. My only complaint is that the coffee hadn't been changed in a while so I ended up having 3 different coffee selections in one cup because they kept running out. It was called the "surprise java mix":.
3	Just putting a disclaimer out there that I don't work for Panera since this is the third Panera I've reviewed in the past two wks. What can I say, when I like something, I really like something. I headed over to this Panera today for a change of scenery and had a nice experience. They have more seating that one would expect when looking at this place plus a lot of natural light coming in. I ordered and within one minute my order was ready and their broccoli and cheddar soup was fantastic as always. If you have a My Panera rewards card (which you should totally get if you dont have it already since it's free), they scan it when you pay and if you have any rewards waiting for you, they will let you know and you can redeem it then or later. Who knew I had a free drink coming to me today?? My only complaint with my experience today-- The seating gods weren't too nice to me. I had a couple next to me with one lady who was talking loudly on her cell the entire meal-hello, rude, it's nice to meet you and the other ladies next to me were talking about their friend who supposedly has ugly children. Ok, I laughed, I admit it. You can hear everything in this place!!
3	Friendly staff, coffee and tea to go were good!
3	It's Panera.  The food is good, as is typical; however, this location gets super busy around lunch time.  Service is quick, so it's fine if you're taking your lunch to go, but you might have to fight the smartphone-wielding and laptop-bag-slinging crowds for a seat if you want to dine in.
4	Love this place - for breakfast, lunch or casual dinner.I almost always get the You-Pick-Two option. I can never decide on just one thing! Among my favorites: the Napa Chicken Salad sandwich, the Fuji Apple Chicken salad (yummy dried apples & gorgonzola!!), the Chicken & Wild Rice soup (creamy & wonderful. If you hit them on a day when they're serving it, absolutely, get it!) This past Friday night I tried their new fall sandwich - the Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini. Holy smokes! Unbelievable. It tasted like fall - juicy turkey, the artichoke spread was cheesy and warm and the bread was toasted perfectly. A must-try.Reasonably priced, the restaurant is always clean and bright, staff is friendly, good selection, service is quick.
5	Went here for lunch recently, and was reminded of how much I enjoy the place! The first time I went to a Panera was last year, on a date. The atmosphere was laid back, and there were so many people surrounding me that some of the tension of a first date was relieved -- not too intimate or romantic like some restaurants. This time lunch was during the work day, and at this location (Steele Creek) you will find many business professionals also on their lunch break. I suggest going before noon if you want to avoid the wait. The line can be kind of long and aggravating if you are hungry, but regardless, the staff moves quickly and you won't have to stand in line for longer than 15 minutes. I ordered the You Pick Two deal, where you can select a soup and salad, or soup and side. I chose the broccoli and cheddar soup, and a Caesar salad. WOW. That soup was so creamy and delicious that I have been thinking about it again days later. I could kind of go for it right now just talking about it. The Caesar dressing is to die for, and the leaves were fresh and tasty. The staff were friendly and efficient, and the facility is very clean and comfortable. I may have to go there today now. =)
3	I really like Panera Bread. I like their coffee, I like their pastries, I like their sandwiches, I like the atmosphere and the staff is always professional, lively and courteous. It does however epitomize homogenization of chains which, in my opinion, always lowers the value of most dining/drinking/unique experiences.I like it better than it's predecessor, The Atlanta Bread Company which all but disappeared in Charlotte.
4	This was our Panera when I lived in Lake Wylie...like most Paneras, this one has the assortment that you would expect...and it is served well.
1	Stopped for takeout - 2 salads- "strawberry , chicken , poppy seed" and caesar. They we so horrible we threw them away. Panera is off my list for now !
4	Panera is one of my favorite places! Lunch or dinner I'm always a fan! Today I stopped in to try the new Avocado Cobb Salad. I'm a huge fan of avocado so I really had high hopes for this one! The salad is made with made with all-natural, antibiotic-free chicken, romaine, tomatoes, Applewood-smoked bacon, Gorgonzola, and hard-boiled eggs, all tossed with our herb vinaigrette, then topped with fresh avocado.I really enjoyed the dressing, it was tangy and didn't overpower the salad but I was very disappointed with the avocado. It was like they took it and just threw a lump on top of the salad. I expected for it to at least me cut up into smaller pieces...oh well! The chicken was delicious and perfectly seasoned, so would I get it again yet...but with the avocado on the side. I could a used a bit more bacon...but I'm a total bacon lover so it would a been fine for anyone else, I'm sure! I also treated myself to a frozen mango smoothie...mango smoothie with raspberry syrup and whipped cream...a little over priced in my opinion at $3.99 but totally worth it...creamy and delicious! I'm a huge Panera fan and this place is in a great location...Walmart, Lowes, Bilo and Sweet Frogs are in the same parking lot so I will definitely be back!
4	This is the friendliest Panera I've ever visited... Not that the other stores aren't friendly, but these guys (and ladies) are extremely cordial and I love it here... I tried the Broccoli Cheddar soup about 3 years ago and until they were out the other day, that is the only soup I had even tried because I love it so... Who knew the Black Bean Soup and French Onion were also out of sight? lol  No one told me, but I'm glad I figured it out... The new turkey wheatberry salad was meh, in my opinion, but that is not the fault of this establishment... That's just my odd tastebuds... (I tried with the gorgonzola... Really, I did.)I've never had a problem with a call in order (which I do a lot when I'm feeling lazy or don't have time to cook) and even if you do have to wait for everything to be prepared, it still doesn't take a long time...
4	I. FREAKIN. LOVE. PANERA.I loved Panera since they first started springing up in my old hometown in New York and was psyched that I would have one so close to our new place here in Charlotte.  Funny enough, it took us almost five months to finally stop in.  This location follows suite with all the others, but the service was incredibly friendly!I always go for the take two option and went for the summer corn chowder and a half turkey sandwich.  What a great deal for less than $9!  The food always tastes fresh and healthy.  My husband, who's never really ate at Panera much, agreed that it was worth coming back for lunch.My only sadness was that I didn't realize that you could add on a dessert for .99 to any meal until we were on our way out.  I wish that were more prominently displayed, otherwise I definitely would have taken advantage of it!
4	My favorite office on the go spot.   Staff is friendly and extremely helpful,  especially Shirley and Brandon.  Jim,  the manager goes out of his way to make your Panara experience the best imaginable....
1	THIS PANERA IS AWFUL.  They can never get an order right!  EVER!  YOU ARE TERRIBLE!  Three times in a row and when I ask for a refund or at least to take out the chicken, you refuse?  What is wrong with you?!
5	I absolutely L-O-V-E Panera Bread. I logged on to complain about the slow internet connection and the air conditioner on full blast but I just can't!The staff is soooo friendly and I just really enjoy the vibe here. So many budding entrepreneurs, freelancers and consultants under one roof totally excites me.All the laptops, tablets and ear pieces remind me that there is culture of folks on the grind, in active pursuit of fulfilling their passion and following their dreams.Each way I look, I see someone with a portfolio, preparing to wow a potential client or nail the sale.For all the business professionals in Panera Bread, keep going. Don't give up! Your dreams will soon be a reality!Oh and the food is amazing! A win-win! Now just turn the air down, it's October and increase your bandwith!
3	I go here for lunch occasionally and this is one of those places that you have to get to before the rest of the lunch rush because there is not enough seating, or if there is, there is one person sitting at a four top when people are wandering around carrying trays.Panera just added a touch-screen order yourself station which was pretty cool.  You pick your food, pick up a buzzer, type the number of the buzzer into the computer and go find a table.  Place the buzzer onto the table and it magically transmits the location to the Panera people and they bring out your food.  Pretty neat technology.  I'm a fan.I always get the mac and cheese, and then remember after I order it that its just okay.  I do love that their pick 2 comes with a side of bread though.  I love bread.
4	I have loved Panera my entire life, and this location makes it even better. I love that they always have the most updated menu and technology, like the kiosks. I usually always get good service. My only complaint is that I often have to clean my own table because they are busy and don't get to clean the tables I guess.
1	It was awful, I ordered a $4 cup of chai tea and they gave me a half a cup of tea! Not even halfway full. Much worse customer service than other locations in Charlotte. Like the low rent version lol
4	I rarely eat at Panera Bread because I'm not that big of a soup and sandwich fan.BUT, if I am craving a quick and convenient sandwich/ healthy options, I'll return to this Panera Bread. Located conveniently near a Lowes and Wal-Mart, it's hard to pass up while doing errands. I always tend to go with the Pick 2 since I like variety.  The turkey avocado BLT was good (for a sandwich..) and the french onion soup seemed a little salty but still yummy.I am a fan because of the quick and helpful service here and being close to necessary shopping.
4	I am a definite Panera fan and typically enjoy the Broccoli Cheese Soup, because it is the best.  However, today I decided to switch it up and order a Turkey Bacon Sandwich on Sourdough and a cup of Chicken Noodle Soup. The sandwich was fresh, although the bacon could have been cooked a little more.. As for the soup, just right! The broth was light and the carrots, celery and chicken were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of noodles.  My Mom enjoyed the new strawberry salad with chicken and loved it!  The baguette on the side was a definite bonus, cooked perfectly!I am not a frequent customer at this location, and did enjoy the new kiosks for debit and credit card orders, but the place was packed and the tables are definitely a little tight. Be prepared to wait around lunch time, but in mind it is worth it.
4	Great service !  I tried the pesto sachettini for the first time and it was delicious! Dipped my baguette with the pesto sauce left on my plate! The Iced chai tea is great as always ,actually taste better than I remembered !
5	I love Panera bread! Every time I go the food is very fresh and delicious! I absolutely love the broccoli cheddar soup! I've tried all of their salads and they are so good! Love going here for healthy options and is very convenient in this shopping center!
3	This location has a serious avocado issue. I love their chicken chopped cobb with avocado salad, but twice now in only a few visits I got to my desk eagerly looking forward to my meal only to be let down seeing no avocado on the salad. To their credit panera gave me an $8 gift card last time this happened since (after many disappointing avocado absent salads) I sent a complaint. If you do not care for avocado or have time to open and check for it every time this is a good lunch place - but only if you go early or late enough to avoid the weekday lunch crowd. Staff is always very friendly and the store is kept clean.
2	If you want to wait an hour for hour to go order then this Panera is for you.  The food is the same as always, no complaints there but in almost a decade eating at Panera across the US, the wait here was the worst.
1	I'm a big fan of Panera.  Love their food!  Unfortunately at this location my order hardly ever is correct.  This morning I ordered breakfast and lunch for Rapid pick up.  I got the Power steak and eggs bowl, but instead of 2 eggs as it's stated on the menu, I got 2 egg whites in my bowl.  Then I ordered the Greek salad add Chicken and no dressing.  They put the dressing in there and no Chicken.  Not the first time that has happened unfortunately!  They just don't seem to read the order that is in front of them!  Like another reviewer, I've added avocado to my to go orders and they never put that in either.  Charging $1.59 for that and not getting it, really irks me!
3	I have to agree with others and say that this Panera is slow. I have waited over 30 minutes at lunch. At breakfast (typically a slower time) I have happened to seat myself near the kitchen. I'm surprised anything comes out of that place correctly!Nevertheless, the food has always been properly prepared on my orders so I'll give them three stars.
