4	This is one of the old school Waffle House's; not one of the new clean ones!  Not sure if that's good or bad but who really cares when you're there in the wee hours of the AM?!?!  There's probably not a lot to say here because who's never really been to a WH, right?  If you haven't then your probably visiting from a foreign country...Any who, the staff here is always friendly and eager to serve.  The ham and cheese omelet is fluffy and cooked just right.  It's pretty impressive to cook one this well because I've had a few that were as tough as a leather bag.  The 'All Star' breakfast is the best deal and guaranteed to add an inch to your waiste or a bad case of late night heartburn.  Best joke I ever heard at a Waffle House in college:  "What has six boobs and eight teeth?"  Answer: "The night shift at the Waffle House!"Enjoy!
4	Eat here every weekend
4	Good food, fast.  Cannot have any complaints about this place.  Food made to order and you can watch the action.  Good price and fresh.
5	Okay, let me explain the 5 star review.  This is not because it is a big fancy restaurant with gormet food, quite the opposite.  This is a good old fashioned diner that does what it does very well and consistently.  The whole staff is great and I love watching the 'Show' in the kitchen area.  The food is all very good and plentiful and I usually eat too much.  The prices are good too.  This place just brings back memories, pretty much exactly the same as the one in Orlando that my dad used to take me to 40 years ago.
5	I've been to many a Waffle House in my life. This is one of the best I've been to. Extremely friendly staff, the greeter Martha gave us all hugs- I mean come on what could be better. Our waitress was on top of our drinks and made sure we were happy. I love good service and good food, and Waffle House nails it when it comes to good traditional breakfast food. One of the few breakfast places that can actually cook an egg over medium the right way. All star special is the best deal-get it! I don't go to Waffle House and expect fancy, I just expect good food and friendly staff- you will get both here.
4	So Christmas eve we ventured out to IHOP for dinner only to discover that it was closed. We headed for waffle house instead. My wife wanted breakfast and I just wanted food.We sat at a booth and had a look at the menu. There was a wide choice of food available. I ordered a waffle, Bert's best chili and all the way homefries. Our waitress Jane was prompt with our drinks.  She did tell me that they had to throw away the chili so I ordered a ham & cheese omelet instead. I thought the food was great with the exception of the omelet. They folded the eggs over a hunk of cold cheese.  The homefries were delicious. The waffle was cold but filling. My wife didn't like her view of the kitchen and commented that my meal looked like vomit. She kept staring at me in horrified fascination as I cleared my plate.  Never again she said! I'll go back one day. As other yelpers have commented it's a very friendly restaurant with good food.
3	Friendly staff!
4	I loved the hospitality! The food was good and the wait wasn't as bad as most. I wish we were seated faster but it is understood on a Sunday morning.
5	I love Waffle House. All of them. Small little place but who cares. The food is always so yummy and I don't ever get sick of it. Would recommend any location. Mmmmmmm!!
4	You've been to one Waffle House you've been to them all. Good people work there, the food is really good. I ordered the all star which comes with: A waffle, egg and cheese, bacon, cinnamon raisin toast, hash browns and OJ. The food at these places are aways a little bit greasy but you know thats just some extra lovin from the south. The waitress was a little all over the place, was not much of a fan. However, they were busy which they usually are. I love this place for breakfast though. Every time I am down south I eat at one of these.
