4	A  pretty new looking park.   They have an exciting and relatively challenging disc golf course, soccer fields, and a playground.  Unfortunately there is quite a few tires and other large dumped items that litter the parks wooded areas.  Hopefully with one good cleaning these type of things can be taken out for good.  Strongly recommend the disc golf course though... I can't wait to go back when the weather is good again (rained last 3/4 days).
4	Went on a slightly drier day and (disc) golfed all 18 holes.  It's definitely a fun course and I'll be back soon. The trees and blue sky made for some great scenery this afternoon.  Unfortunately this park will forever remain limited by the large bulk trash strewn just out of/in sight.  Cigarette butts or cans will accumulate as long as we have ignoramuses, but tires, shopping carts, and ladders aren't to be expected in such a new and otherwise amazing park.  (I'll be glad to join any cleanup in the future).In other news, it was interesting to watch an organized youth soccer practice or game start up despite the signs in English and Espanol saying that the fields are closed.
3	Located on Eastway, north of the Plaza and south of Tyron, this isn't a bad little disc golf course.The first five or six holes take you into the woods a little with some drastic elevation changes on 2 and 3.  4 is a straight shot through some trees that make for a tight fairway and the path to the tee could be better marked for navigation of the course.There is a lot of garbage off of the drainage "creek" that runs through the course, but they are making good headway on cleaning it up.The middle holes on the course are wide open and take you back up the driveway toward Eastway for some long drives.  Don't throw your arm out trying to get through the wind.And, yes, that wind always is there.  I guess it is created from the gut that they cut through the trees and coming down off that hill of Eastway.  It is great to have your back when you make the turn back into the park, makes you feel Herculean when you are chucking back down the fairways.Then the course gets a little all terrain in the wide open where they obviously cut out some heavy brush.  There are a few holes that take you over some old house foundations off a dead end road and the one tee has you hike back about a hundred yards to throw back out the way you came in.  That makes for a long hole for some, so there is an alternative shorter tee spray painted on the old street if you look for it.As you make your way back toward the driveway, there are some holes that are going to be nice as the course settles into the park.  Then there is a quick forray back into the woods with a treacherous pin placement on (I think) 17 that leaves a dangerous drop if you overshoot it.  Be VERY careful on the rocks and such to get back up if you do.18 is a nice little skill shot around some nice old forked trees to wrap up your round.  All in all, not a bad little course.
4	I suck at disc golf. It may be that I wasn't born with the skill to chuck a disc properly. Or maybe it's just that I have no patience for it. Regardless of my talentless throws, this park and disc golf course are pretty sweet. Even though I may not play disc golf ever again, walking through these trails is nice, even quite pretty. The course itself is pretty challenging, even for people who are actually good golfers. You'll walk through plenty of paths filled with mature trees, foliage, little creeks and, be cautious, lots of poison ivy. For those who want to ditch the disc golf course, there are a two large soccer fields, open parking, a cute little play area in the middle and, surprisingly, clean-ish bathrooms. Not bad for a Meck park, not bad at all!
