4	Lovely shop, such a nice mix of new, old and handcrafted - super staff - the nicest people!  and  always new things to check out.
5	This place has the nicest people working in it!  No kidding!  You have got to check it out.  Great for gifts, and they have some really awesome home accessories.  It's not just French stuff, really - mostly French or French-inspired.  Anyone who wants to throw a little "chic" into their interiors should definitely pay a visit.  I know.  I'm an interior designer.  Take my free advice.Also, the prices are reasonable, and they have this really cool new line of colognes that are great for gals and guys.Oh-and some of the women's clothing is unusual AND gorgeous.I highly recommend this place.
4	I buy something every time I come here.  I have no choice- the adorable macaroon candles and frilly girly stuff reels me in and I gobble it all up like an eager little fishie.  I bought the MOST ADORABLE toy sheep for my niece there, as well as a necklace for my friend, which she happily wears all of the time.  The staff is super sweet, and they also have a mailing list that will send you coupons from time to time.
3	I thought Paris-Envy was alright. Prices were kind of uppity when they first opened, and I haven't been since so I'm not aware if that's changed. However, the staff here is very gracious and friendly, but they weren't knowledgeable when I asked questions about the make of their products. The location isn't the best either, since the whole 7th Ave Melrose District is still transforming from an automotives area to a chic center of town. (I used to live there)Nevertheless, many people will find cute trinkets and such here, but it doesn't appeal to my taste.
5	Half the fun in shopping is the experience and of course the fabulous finds. An experience is only as good as the staff and the atmosphere of the store you're in and Paris Envy has both mastered. Located just south of Camelback and 7th, the exterior alone begs you to come inside. You aren't disappointed when you do. I've been to Paris Envy several times and my pocket book hates me for it because I can never walk away without making a purchase. The staff is always friendly, the atmosphere is trendy and sophisticated and I wish my house had every item in the store. Just recently they opened a clothing boutique upstairs. Now I'm really in trouble! Aside from the adorable gems the store has to offer, the staff makes this experience one that makes you come back again and again. I went into Paris Envy to search for some gifts and items for my house. I snuck upstairs and took a peak at the wonderful selection of clothing too. :) As I was browsing, I saw a great typewriter that was exactly what I was looking for, for my Mom's Mother's Day present. Sadly, it wasn't for sale and only for display, but the great sales associate did something that shows the true class of a store. She gave me a suggestion on where I could find a typewriter. She told me to go down the street to Zinnias where I might be about to find one. I was impressed. This shows that the store puts the customer ahead of the bottom line. I left and found my score of a typewriter. Because the staff was so friendly and my experience was so positive at Paris Envy, I went back after I found my typewriter and bought some additional items from Paris Envy. They've made me a regular at their store because of their top of the line customer service skills and their adorable merchandise.
4	Such a cute shop! The staff is always super duper friendly!! They have an amazing inventory, great finds for gifts and some antiques. The upstairs is now a cute little clothing boutique and there was a sweet little dog when I visited!The prices are more on the higher end, but the itmes here are all cleaned up and refurbished, so if you are looking for something old but looks semi new then this is a great place to start your hunt. For sure hit this place up around the holidays, there are always cute items to be bought!
5	It looks like I am not alone...I absolutely LOVE this place!  I have purchased many unique items here and stop in every time I am in the neighborhood.  The staff is very helpful - have helped me ship items to my other home in Dallas too.  The merchandise is ever changing and very reasonably priced.  For anyone that loves France or Paris, you must stop in and take yourself away...really feels like you have stepped into an antique store in France.
5	I cannot get enough of Paris Envy!  It's the cutest little shop along 7th Avenue.Laurie, the owner, is the sweetest gal and you can tell she loves what she does.  This boutique is the perfect place to find a unique gift, something pretty for your home or handmade jewelry.Over the years I've purchased: silk throw pillows, earrings, a beautiful custom angel wing wall hanging (Laurie's business partner makes most of the furniture and other home decor), candles, multiple gifts, and on and on.Stop by when you're in the area...you won't regret it!
4	I love to be in a place who everything for you. I would like to go to a one stop store compared to going to a lot of store wherein that is very much time consuming. This is my first choice every time the mood to renovate overcomes me. It's really my personal choice. The service is wonderful and they have equally great things to offer.
5	I honestly half to say that the store is one of the classiest cutest boutiques in phoenix!!!!  I can't get enough of the unique lighting and the cute Parisian gifties.  The owners are helpful and very approachable for as fancy as the store lets off. I would recommend it to my friends in a heart beat. Definitely will go back!!
5	WOW!  Great owner, terrific ambiance, a range of unique items with a broad price range.  Check it out!
5	They closed their Union store at the Biltmore.  Trying to find out if they are reopening at their old 7th Ave address.  All their websites have old posts - nothing new or about a move etc.
