4	Took my sister and daughter here for lunch the other day...we really enjoyed it! My daughter got the homemade chicken noodle soup, it was really delicious. I got the reuben sandwich with fruit and my sister got the gyro sandwich...both were tasty and the fruit was really fresh.  The owner even came over to check on us and he was very gracious. They sell fresh baked bread in the bakery area, so I got a cinnamon swirl loaf to take home which made awesome french toast!  :)
5	A  5 star rating is rare for me but The Tennenessee Grill more than deserves it. I had the pleasure of meeting the owner "Bob Adler". Talking to  Bob I was impressed with his pride of ownership in his restaurant and pride in the quality of the food he serves to his customers. There was four of us. Friend Kathy  R. , My wife,  and 14 yr old grandson Christopher and me. Kathy R.  ordered a Burger - She said her burger was cooked to perfection. It was juicy, tasty and the bun was just delicious, the lettuce was crisp and the tomato was cut in nice thick slices. Her comment regarding the burger was " It was the best burger she had in ages". My wife ordered a Chicago Patty Melt. She commented that the burger was juicy and cooked just  right. She went on to say the bun was fantastic- definitely held its own with all the condiment. She also commented on the fries. She said her fries were really good and that they had just the right amount of salt and crunch. My 14 year old grandson got a cheese omelet. He seemed to ehjoy it. Ok now for my meal. I started with French Onion Soup (came with the sandwhich)  . Followed by a vegetarian wrap.What I like about the sandwich was that it was SIMPLE.  veggies that was incredibly juicy and tender and oozed with a well balanced flavor. Sandwiches were phenomenal and packed with flavor.  I have to say what a delightful experience.I don't normally indulge in dessert at lunchtime but none of us could resist.For desert Kathy and I had their chocolate cake. It wasn't sickening sweet like most resturants or bakeries serve. It tasted more on the coco side and was  amazingly delisious. Carol got a slice of blueberry pie. The crust was just the right consistency and the slice was huge.The thing that sent my experience over the top was we were given a sample of the pulled chicken sandwhich on a pretzel roll. We were informed along with their pulled pork sandwhich it was one of their signature dishes. All I can say HANDS DOWN THE BEST BBQ I HAVE EVER HAD! Lots of flavor especially their home made BBQ sauce. It was very tasty, had a sweetness to it yet had a nice tang to it. There is some real magic here.Bob also told us about his future plans for the place which sounded very exciting.FOOD:  Definitely a wow factor here. PRICE: The prices are reasonable. SERVICE: The waitstaff is excellent,  efficient, and friendly.  AMBIENCE:  CONCLUSION: Food was awesome OMG GOODNESS!!!! Will definitely leave you full, and the presentation of the dishes is very nice. RETURN FACTOR: 100%  will definitely be back here.
4	My husband and I decided to try out the Tennessee Grill last Sunday after seeing the ads for it and reading these reviews. We used a Yelp! certificate as well, so that made it easier on the pocketbook. We had been to the previous iterations of restaurants in this location and as the owner has stated, much is still the same in terms of menu and decoration as the old Cafe Aroma - but there are a few new items on the menu to give a sneak peek to the new menu (more BBQ oriented). I tried one of the new items, the pulled chicken sandwich on a pretzel roll. I have never had Tennessee style BBQ sauce before but I liked it - it is thinner and more vinegary than Texas or KC BBQ sauve. There was an abundant amount of pulled chicken and you got a side of the sauce so you could put on as much as you wanted - I like that I can control the amount of sauce, not the person in the kitchen. The pretzel roll was nice and chewy and warm. I just got chips as the side - your choice out of packaged Lay's or Fritos chips. But there were several other options to choose from. My husband got one of the "old" menu items, a turkey bacon wrap and he added avocado. This wrap is huge - he honestly got three meals out of it! The fries were hot and crispy as well. The server was friendly and efficient and even asked if we would like a bowl of water for our service dog. We didn't try and of the baked goods but I checked them out in the case and they look very tasty. The bagels are also huge! All in all a good experience and a nice place for a Sunday lunch. I'm looking forward to the new menu and decor once the change is complete.
3	I've eaten here often under the old owners, one of my favorite breakfasts in Anthem. It will be interesting to see the direction the menu takes with the new owner. I'm looking forward to trying his Tennessee BBQ sauce on my next visit.Shout out to the new owner, a genuine nice guy. When diners next to me paid their bill and made to leave they asked him for ice ... but it was to fill the cooler in their car! Well, I wondered what I'd say if I were the owner, after all a convenience store sits half a block away, and his ice dispenser wasn't large in size. Only part of a soda machine.He was so very nice to the people and filled up several containers for them to fill the cooler. If the BBQ is as good as this business owner is nice, this place will a big hit.
4	Thought my fresh bagel was great and the friendly people were awesome! I think if had a problem with my food or service I would have mentioned my concern to them in person. Did you Tony? They seem very friendly.
5	Our family has eaten here many times for breakfast and have NEVER been disappointed.  I love their hash browns and home fries both. You can tell they are fresh potatoes and not frozen.  Their potato style is different than other places but much better and fresh.  My son LOVES their biscuit and gravy.  He licks up the gravy it is so good.  Pancakes are huge and yummy.  French toast is made out of their wonderful homemade bread.  Did I mention the homemade cinnamon rolls? What I love most is the freshness and quality of their ingredients.  They are trying to do it right instead of cheating the customer with frozen quality food.  If their breakfast is this good, I cannot wait to try their dinner. Good luck The Tennessee Grill and welcome to the neighborhood.
3	was so happy to read about the new owners and their hopes for this rare local place.  my husband and I had breakfast there and weren't overly impressed.  my raisin toast was a bit on the doughy side-not many raisins or cinnamon either.  my husband had a skillet-he said it was good, but didn't like the starting $$ and then the idea of paying for every single item.  said it would've been good to have a few "set" skillets and the option of  creating his own.The owner was very friendly and our server was quite good too.our daughter took our grandkids their for dinner and loved the owners as well and said the food seemed in transition.hoping for improvement as they get the menu together!
5	My husband and I had dinner here this evening and it was Fantastic. We split a rack of baby back ribs and a Greek salad. The ribs were smoky, tender and just had an overall great flavor. They bring you a sweet sauce and a spicy. I had the sweet, which had a little bit of a kick too it. Really tasty. My husband had the spicy and loved it. The owners are super nice, ensuring we had everything we needed and our waitress was very attentive as well. On the way out I couldn't resist getting their oatmeal coconut cookies. Wow!  It is so nice to have a family run business close by that serves breakfast lunch and dinner. Great job, Tennessee Grill!  We'll see you soon!
1	What a rip off!  I ordered a 1/3 pound burger $5.95, cheese $1, bacon $1, Onion .75, fries $1.99 and drink 1.49.  I'm surprised they didn't charge for the air I breathed while waiting for my order.  The worst part was that the burger was flavorless.  They forgot to season it.  Fries were terrible.  Would have been much better off spending $6 at In n Out and getting the same amount of food with much better taste and quality!  Total bill for my meal and two kid meals came out to $26 dollars.  Will never go back!
5	Have been there several times for breakfast and lunch and it has always been very good. The BBQ ribs are outstanding and most recently had the build your own egg skillet and it was excellent. I added Bacon, Jalapenos and Feta and it was just right. The bacon was crispy and the fresh Jalapenos add just the right amount of spice.
3	Average food, ok staff and diner atmosphere. Nothing to write home about. Small portions of brisket. We won't be back.
5	Just had the Brisket plate with fries and slaw. It was excellent, tender and lean with the spicy BBQ sauce it was fantastic. I was hungry and it was just the right amount of food, full but not stuffed.
3	Just like Morris' review... The wonderful smell of barbecue permeated the air when we walked into Tennessee Grill! It was our first time there, no doubt our last, as we were just passing thru while driving from Sedona to the airport in Phoenix.Service was SO SLOW & it certainly was not crowded, maybe there was a large take out order!  I had a tuna sand which, it was very FAIR & they were out of potato chips!! My buddy had a chicken wrap, he said it was nothing special!Sorry about the review because the owner was so friendly as we're the servers!
3	The side salads that came with our sandwiches were very good and above average made with very yummy assorted house made croutons. My husband tried the pulled pork sandwich on house made pretzel bun. He said the pork it's self was good but the bun was very dense and was absolutely burnt black on the bottom and not edible. We showed the bun to our server and she apologized and said she could get something else. I'm sure it's not typical that the pretzel rolls are black and burnt on the bottom but the day we were here we got one.I tried the reuben on house made marble rye bread. The bread looked really good but the sandwich is Arizona Style Reuben. That means the rye is very mild and lacks the texture, sour and seeds. It was still a GOOD house made bread but not the style I prefer. The corned beef was that super lean style meat and is the kind that's hard to heat up as the meat turned hard.I do note many people do prefer a Reuben in this style so for those people it might be a five star sandwich. I will give the Tennessee Grill another try next time I'm by the  Anthem Outlets and I hope to up them a star because they have tons of potential and are better than the Anthem food court.The Tennessee Grill is located across the Street from the Anthem Outlets.
1	Disgusting Food !!!  Slow service !!! Waste of money.. I'm not coming back. All three dishes were bad, we left it almost untouched except French fries which was ok
5	My wife gives it 10, she had the grilled chicken wrap My BBQ chicken on a pretzel roll was nice We'll definitely come back
3	Have only been to newly named place two times, as this location has had different owners pursuing different goals.Our first breakfast we ate there was good.  Typical egg, toast, potatoes, etc.Coffee is good.  I think Cracker Barrel may be just as good.  HOWEVER, their bread products are freshly made there.  They have the best bagels I have ever had.  I just wish they would kick it up a notch on the cream cheese.  Kraft cream cheese packets?? Seems cheesy, sorry for pun.  They could almost have a profitable business pushing the bagels out the door.  Hot Bagels and Deli does it everyday on Carefree Highway.  We hope they can sustain a few years.  Nice to have a little variety in this tiny little town.
5	Great food and great service! :) I eat here a couple times a week for my lunch break from work. I've tried many of their dishes, all of which were delicious! I highly recommend both the Chicken Dijon Salad and the Pulled Chicken Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries.
5	Great food, prices and service! We stopped in anthem on our way to Flagstaff, and started to go to Dennys. I was luckily able to convince my family to go here instead, and we were very pleased. I would definitely go back!
5	I visited here about two weeks ago for brunch with my family. I ordered one of their skillets and was extremely pleased with my order. Not only was the food excellent, I felt like the restaurant environment was welcoming and perfect for a comfortable meal! I definitely plan on returning next time I'm in Anthem!
5	We have been here several times for breakfast and for lunch, during busy times and not. The service has always been spot on, the food cooked perfectly, and my wife and children enjoy it each time.They also sell bread. Most store bought bread is mediocre and best. Here, they have delicious loaves of bread for sale. That and the cinnamon buns are brilliant.The smoked meats are a nice touch as well. I have tried the pulled pork on a pretzel bun and it is delish.
4	I'm always wary of Anthem restaurants as they seem to come and go.  This was a surprising treat.  My buffalo chicken wrap was extremely tasty and did not taste like it was assembled from frozen Costco ingredients.  My husband enjoyed his meal as well.  The red velvet cake was good although it was a bit dry and the frosting too sweet for my tastes.  The menu is strangely electric and I read (I think here on Yelp?) that it was the dream of several restaurant managers who used to get together and barbeque.  The menu is reflective of the things they used to cook together.  All in all, cute place and I'm looking forward to returning.
5	I came to this place for my very first time. I didn't know place was clapping at 20:00 so we got there around 19:50. I asked the guy about their closing time but he told me not to worry about it and to feel welcome. We ordered our food and both me and wife really enjoyed our food. Server (Olga) was really nice and professional. Food was fresh and my burger I had was juicy and same with my wife's fish. I'm definitely coming back here.
2	I was here about 3 weeks ago. Breakfast has been decent but we went to have a burger a few weeks back. It was small and just fell apart. It wasn't anything I expected. Tasteless
4	As prepared as I was to give this place a 5 star review, when I received my check and saw that I was charged for refills, it definitely bumped Tennessee Grill down a peg. Who doesn't give free refills on fountain drinks and iced tea anymore? The food was quite good. Loved the house made potato salad and the fresh cut Tornado fries. The chicken wrap I had was WONDERFUL. The pulled pork was tender albeit a bit dry. Tennessee Grill prefers you dress your own bbq..which is fine but keep the pork in its juices or something. We will go back in the future and just have water for drinks but definitely will do more exploring of the menu.
5	Just an update that I still eat at The Tennessee Grill at least once or twice a week, and the service is great and food delicious! :) Do yourself a favor and try their sandwiches and sweet potato fries!My husband loves that he can watch sports on their big screens while we're enjoying Sunday brunch after church. I'm excited to see the expansion of their restaurant coming up in the next couple of months.
5	Pretty darned surprised at how good this little place is.  We ordered a burger and BBQ pulled pork on pretzel buns.  Wowza!  Those buns were to die for and the overall burger and pork were great.  The cole slaw and french fry sides were good, too. The place was busy during lunchtime but the two servers did a fantastic job keeping things running smoothly.  Can't wait to for the adjoining bar to open.  Anthem thanks you, Tennessee Grill.
4	Stopped here on our way to Sedona.  Pancakes are thick,  fluffy,  amazing.  Glad we didn't go to dennys as planned.  Only reason didn't do 5-star, took a little long for the food to come out.  But great anyway.
5	Food is really good, plus it's a nice change for Anthem.   Don't forget to try them for breakfast.  Not expensive per se.....
5	We paid another visit here and it's had a MAJOR change. The food is pretty amazing. I have their Brisket Pita on a regular basis, something that wasn't on the menu when we originally went there to eat. Lots of options and would place this as one of the best places for BBQ in Phoenix. And trust me, I know my BBQ. Really happy to see the additions and growth there.
5	That is good BBQ. The potatos were way under done in the potato salad but I could not stop eating it. The sauce with scalions and thick bacon had to be eaten. The even have a bakery so you can get fresh bread to go but we ate half the loaf before we left. Yeah we will be back. Great staff and good food.
4	My chicken melt was yummy and the pulled pork was very tender. BBQ sauce was different but good. Service was a bit slow but I would still go back. Just an FYI, maybe the food baskets could be garnished with something to make them nicer!
2	Not so sure what all the hype is about in the reviews here. My take on Tennessee Grill is sub par. Wife had the Ruben which was average at best. She had the onion rings an again average at best. As for myself I read the reviews on the pulled pork on a pretzel bun an that seemed liked like a sure thing. Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed. The bun an pork was ok but the sweet BBQ sauce was quite possibly the worst I've tasted. It did come with A spicy BBQ that was better flavor wise however it was way too spicy to enjoy. I ended up eating the sandwich with store bought BBQ sauce from the fridge. BTW the pulled pork across the highway at Q2U BBQ is in a whole different league. If you haven't tried it you need to!! I had it with sweet potato fries that were over cooked. We also got a side of potato salad. I read someone's review that the potatoes were not cooked all the way but didn't think that would happen again an to my surprise they were 1/2 cooked an 1/2 uncooked. Not sure how this happens in one batch when all were cut about the same size. Flavor was good but 1/2 cooked potatoes isn't very appealing. The thing the really drops this establishment down for me is the very small portion sizes, for the prices they're charging I expected better food quality an larger portions. I personally think the over achieving reviews stem from the very poor food  the restaurants in Anthem out out so this actually may seem good in comparison but for myself I for sure will not be returning for lunch or dinner. I'd like to try breakfast but in afraid id only be more disappointed.
3	I liked the small town feel. Reminds me of my sister's restaurant in CO. Nice servers. And peoole were having conversations instead of staring at phones or TVs. I wanted to love the food but it was just 'ok'. Not horrible but bland and just below average. We had the fish special and chicken alfredo. The slaw was tasteless and the hushpuppies were dry but oddly doughy with no taste. The fish and frIes were ok.  The alfredo sauce was kind of watery and tasted like it was from a Knorr packet. Will go again and maybe try something else.
2	Not impressed with the chicken sandwich I got. Not well made at all with poor flavor. Friend enjoyed their meal so may be back to try something different. Service was quick, picked up an order to go.
1	Really disappointed. Entrance is odd, no one greeted us. I was expecting some yummy southern food, other than ribs, there is nothing. Most women don't eat ribs because they are too messy.  Maybe even shrimp and grits, but instead there was a monte cristo or egg salad sandwich on the dinner menu ?  There is nothing interesting on the menu that I cant find somewhere else. Really unfortunate because they could be "different", instead of run of the mill. We left as we weren't interested in a boring meal.
2	We were excited to try a local BBQ joint but we we're also expecting more of the BBQ joint feel. We ordered a ice tea and had to send it back because it was cloudy and stale like it had been in the ice tea maker all day. We ordered a sampler platter and pork nachos. Nachos were decent but we were disappointed with the platter that led us to believe the meat had been reheated and wasn't up-to-par. I am always hesitant to eat BBQ that is covered in BBQ sauce before you get it, hiding the true flavor of the meat. We didn't finish the platter. We did however have the Tennessee twister fries which weren't bad and ended up being the best part of our meal. Potato salad was mediocre at best. We won't be returning as there was nothing special that blew us away.
1	We tried The Tennessee Grill for lunch today and I can say without a doubt we will not be going back.  I ordered the BLT and my husband ordered a half rack of ribs.  The bacon on my BLT was soggy and tasted like it was cooked a few days ago.  My husband's ribs also tasted like they had been cooked several days ago.  The coleslaw served with the ribs was brown and tasted sour.  And for this we paid $30.00-
4	We had lunch today, and it was great! Busy place, but the staff was working hard to take care of everyone.  The BBQ brisket on a pretzel bun was Super! We will be back!
1	Was in the area looking for a spot to eat breakfast I wished we had went to Dennys instead. Overall the food taste not so good I had eggs, bread, and hashbrowns. We also had the biscuit and gravy tasted to salty. Our server was ok she took our order that was it. The other servers looked like they didn't want to be working a morning shift.
5	Food is always the best, especially the pulled pork sandwiches and barbecue. Staff is friendly and attentive. Check out the desserts and freshly baked bread! A find in Anthem!
5	This place is great! Fresh baked bread in the morning is fantastic on the nose and the service is great. You can't beat a place that has brisket in their breakfast menu!
3	Decent food, sweet potato fries are really good!  Atmosphere is ok, seems like they could spice up the decor.  Menu offers basic selections, however they do have bbq items such as pulled pork and brisket.  I have had the brisket on one occasion and it was good. The buffalo chicken wrap is a good choice too.  Service is fairly good and consistant.  This place is not always my first choice, but good to mix it up on occasion.
3	The owner and staff are all friendly. Their bread are freshly made every day. The first time my husband and I came, everything tasted fantastic. Fast forward months later, we ordered 3 more times and all 3, I felt the sandwiches were very dry and tasteless. I'm not quite sure what happened. Maybe I will try ordering something else besides the sandwich next time.
3	On the way home from our Arizona trip we decided to grab something to eat before making a pit stop to the Nike store. I ordered the breakfast burrito with home fries. The burrito was really good but the home fries were a little too salty in my opinion. Burrito was abt $9. I also ordered an orange juice to complete my breakfast :') our waitress was really nice! I would have given this place 4 stars but when I walked out I smiled and said bye to a worker and she just glared at me. Maybe I had something in my teeth. Overall a nice little restaurant for breakfast.Don't forget to check in on yelp for 10% off your meal :')
5	We have been here several times for breakfast and for lunch, during busy ties and not. The service has always been spot on, the food cooked perfectly, and my wife and children enjoy it each time.They also sell bread. Most store bought bread is mediocre and best. Here, they have delicious loaves of bread for sale. That and the cinnamon buns are brilliant.The smoked meats are a nice touch as well. I have tried the pulled pork on a pretzel bun and it is delish.
5	Oh my god this is one of the best barbecue places I've ever eaten at. I have a meat high right now. Get the barbecue combination platter you will not regret it.
