3	I headed here for lunch with my boss & some coworkers & was impressed with their food. While it wasn't out of this world, it was better than I was expecting. But I just learned that it's a franchise restaurant, albeit a local franchise, but this kind of knocked it down a notch for me.I had the wings & the sauce they give you is awesome. I think they actually sell it by the jar too & I can see why. It was a Caribbean flavored sauce, obviously, & they coat it on the wings. While the wings may not have been the best I've ever had, the sauce definitely made up for it. They also had some odd side items that I wasn't exactly thrilled about. I actually had quite a problem figuring out which side to order.Anntony's doesn't give off the franchise vibe, but once i found out it kind of irks me. They have a great Caribbean flavor that is quite different then other places in Charlotte. If you're looking to switch it up for lunch then head here, as you'll find a whole new taste then the normal lunch fare.
4	An old staple of mine when i lived in Charlotte.  Still excellent, although a little disorganized at lunch.  Order the quarter chicken with collard greens an rice.  Delicious.
4	I visited Anntony's for the first time in ten years last night.  Don't read too much into that.  I never had a problem.  I just never found my way back.  Thanks to yet another heavily discounted gift certificate, I returned.  I am glad I did.We both had the the Two Meats Combination for $13.95.  You can choose from white and dark meat rotisserie chicken, roast pork, ribs, etc. and add two side orders.  The roast pork was a hit.  The rice, black beans, yams, and greens were also well received.  The chicken (white and dark) was also tasty.We finished with some freshly home-made banana pudding, and some freshly store-bought turtle cheese cake.  The banana pudding was actually pretty good.Our waitress, April was keenly attentive and just plain fun.See you there sometime soon!
1	Rarely have I been to a worse restaurant.  I got the chicken salad with sides and couldn't stomach any of it.  Maybe it was the fly stuck to the corn bread that came with the meal that turned me off.  My friend got the ribs and they were disgusting.  This place is horrible and overpriced and I thank god neither of us got food poisoning.
2	My boyfriend's dad gave us the 2011 Entertainment Guide book for Christmas and, slowly, we have been exploring new-to-us-restaurants with our coupons. His dad also has the same book and used his coupon for Anntony's yesterday for lunch. His dad is not one to call us and rave about a place, but he said we needed to check it out. We checked out the menu that was advertised in the book to see if the food matched our tastes. I was excited to see they offered Caribbean Crab Cakes so we headed out to Anntony's for dinner.When we walked in at 6:45, there was not a single person in the restaurant. We sat down and were handed menu's that differed from the menu in the entertainment book. I checked their menu on-line after dinner and found it to be correct with the menu at the restaurant though. The menu consisted of all chicken and some pork options. I was really disappointed to find that no crab-cake listed. In addition, their menu did not supply a description of the entrees, but it did for their sides. I found the menu very underwhelming. I ordered the chicken wing dinner that was tossed in a special Caribbean sauce with their black beans and mac and cheese. My boyfriend ordered the chicken breast with collard greens and rice. The wings were okay, some were dry and some were not. He said his chicken tasted like it was leftover from lunch and was dry as well. The beans, mac and cheese, and rice were very good though. Their slogan is "Don't Worry About Nothin' Mon!" I WISH! I was very worried while I was dining for the following reasons: -They had two TVs on that showed depressing world events (Not sure why a restaurant has TVs in it, it's not a bar). -The server, although very pleasant and sweet, did not have her hair tied back and wore a strapless dress with flip flops. We asked for hot sauce and she brought out a bottle of sauce with out a lid on it. Where was the Health Department when we needed them? -Why were we the only people in the restaurant??? I can only assume that my boyfriends dad liked the place so much was due to the amount of food you get with the low priced meals and that lunch was a bit fresher than dinner. I would not recommend this place for dinner. Maybe lunch is better, but the food safety and health issues are a bit concerning.
3	It's been a while since I've been to Anntony's but when I worked uptown, my coworkers and I would go pretty regularly for lunch.  I was a fan of their rotissarie chicken, black beans, and calypso rice. The service is generally bad, but we were willing to overlook that because the food was pretty tasty and affordable.  We never ate dessert here, but the owners apparantly have a catering business on the side and the sweet treats in the refrigerated cases on the way out look delish!
4	Anntony's Caribbean Cafe on 7th St. was a favorite of my youth. Back then the dining room was much larger but now the restaurant focuses on catering and take-out with a few tables indoors and on the patio. The tangy sauce here is SO GOOD. The waitress told me they had to take the bottles of sauce off the table because people were taking the whole bottle! I love the combination of rice, slaw, sauce and chicken here. So good. Calvin enjoyed his curry chicken as well although the corn bread was a little dry. Try the swank - a tasty nonalcoholic drink that tastes like a combination of lemonade and iced tea. Wing platters, pork chops, pork ribs, collards, and mac & cheese (Monday only) are also offered. Glad to be back in town so I can come back to Anntony's often!
5	Anntony's on 7th Street was a winner.  My husband is a physician Uptown Charlotte, a pharmaceutical rep. had Anntony's cater a luncheon for his entire office one day.  Luckily it was a day I stopped in to see him. We had the chicken breast, salad, black beans and rice.  Very healthy and a unique taste.I noticed a catering menu was left for us on the table. I loved this food so much I had them cater our Caribbean pool party for 100 guests.  The owner even provided a wait staff, which saved me so much time and money.I ordered the wings, roast pork, black beans, rice and greens.  My guests were so pleased and I was too.  I had several guests ask for your catering menu.  Get ready for more caterings Anntony's and thanks for making my party perfect Mon!
5	Caribbean for Vegetarians!Anntony's is one of my go-to lunch spots, even though the dining room is much smaller than it used to be. Service and food are always amazing, and the vegetable plate options are diverse enough to keep a vegetarian happy after multiple trips.
3	It's not a Caribbean restaurant, it's "soul fusion".  If you're looking for Jamaican food, don't come here. Go to Island Grocery & restaurant [google it].  The greens were a little too tangy, the rice and peas was more like rice and beans.  They said they're known for the sauce, that too was too tangy.  The cornbread just fell apart, but that was the best part. $11 dinner, overpriced for serving.  The chef and cashier were lovely, I asked them for the best of what they had and this was it.  My taste buds prefer less soul and more Caribbean. Tried it, doubt I'll be back.
5	Stopped by on the recommendation of a friend. It looked a bit pricy at first but it turned out they actually had an unadvertised lunch special (entree with two sides!) for under six dollars.The staff was great/very attentive and I'll definitely be back to try the rest of the sides.
