1	Incompetent and rude staff in the office. They do not even acknowledge maintenance requests within a reasonable amount of time, let alone perform the repairs. People are breaking rules e.g. parking, noise, satellite dishes, chairs and garbage out on the landing, which makes it unpleasant.
1	If your a fan of scorpions this place is for you! Infestation galore. Total of 5 scorpions within a month we've dealt with. Especially one that was on our ceiling above the bedroom. Don't take my word for it check out apartmentratings.com for more reviews and pics about your friendly lil roommates. Surprising how the complex would spend money to finally add lights to walk ways instead of investing in professional control for these poisonous insects. This place was great for the price we had high hopes until we found out the home we're suppose to come to after work is more stressful to keep an eye out. If they don't break our lease I'm going to the media and or getting an attorney. Scorpions scorpions!!!!!!
1	Zero! Moved in a month ago. The entire property is infested with cockroaches! I can't even walk my dog because they are everywhere. It's like parting a sea of cockroaches. I've begged the leasing office to spray the property. No avail! Disgusting. I literally live on roach killers and take a can with me when I walk the dog. I can't live here.
1	I have a dozen maintenance requests. None get any response. When I call about it, they send a guy that doesn't know what to do. I'm moving out. I've had it. Beware of this place, it's a hell hole!
1	Everyday I put in another main thence request. The AC is broken, the stoves does not work, my mailbox gets broken into. No response from them. That's it...when you have to move into a hotel to get away from the lack of air in your home that is surrounded my roaches, and you no longer get mail, nor can you cook....it's time to get the hell out!I'd live in the desert next to a cactus before giving the idiots that run this place money.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. When I first checked out these apartments I was impressed with the unit they showed (at the FRONT of the complex) next to the gorgeous pool and cabanas. They told me the main entrance was getting a new keypad so until then it wouldn't be accessible....and here we are over 9 months later and still not replaced. I ended up with a unit in the back of the complex next to a secondary pool, which seemed ok at first. Then the covered parking lights and walkway lights went out for weeks and I was walking in the dark in cockroach city! After multiple complaints to staff about feeling unsafe, and also seeing shady unmarked moving trucks parked with cobwebs all over them, nothing was done for over a month. No one in the office takes you seriously unless you are clearly pissed off, but even then they console you with basic no-straight-answer responses. A month in, my freezer had completely froze over and there was no air flow to the fridge (so all my food spoiled) and I assumed it was a fluke. It happened again (another month later!) and I notified the office on a Tuesday that I would be home Thursday and Friday and would like to make an appt for maintenance to come one of those days. The guy scribbled on a scratch piece of paper and (whaddayaknow) no one showed!! It just so happened that it crapped out SATURDAY and my bf had to call the office while I was at work. After 2hrs of waiting (on what most would consider a high priority job) he had to go in the office and demand someone come fix it. Whomever was sent had no idea what he was doing and basically said he had to let the ice thaw a little more so he could come back to look at it and HE NEVER CAME BACK! It took 2 more visits to correct the issue and the last time, after making another "appointment" the guy came a whole 24hrs later....on top of all that, my lease is up on 1/5 and I come home on 11/6 to a renewal notice note (dated 11/5) stating if I did not give 60 days notice that I was leaving I would be charged $200 more for month to month for Jan, PLUS another premium to switch of $150!!!! So shady that they would give me a "reminder" literally at the last minute! I had to skip out on work to make it down to the office in time to speak with someone and fill out my written notice (after leaving a voicemail the night before asking that someone call me back as soon as they got it....and I got the call @5:40 when I left the office at 3pm!!!!). I would never recommend this property to anyone, even my exes!!!! Please, pay a little bit more for a place that will take you seriously, answer the phone when you call during business hours, come out to fix your fridge (no games), doesn't have scorpions/roaches, and that makes you feel like they want your business, not just when you're giving them notice to vacate
4	This place is wonderful. The staff is excellent, the property is beautiful, and the pools/fireplace is excellent. The workout room is nice compared with other apartment complexes. The only thing is we have had a scorpion issue, but considering the nature of being is Las Vegas, it could be worse! The employees are very nice. When we called about the scorpions someone came out right away to spray! I recommend staying here!
