5	I was referred to Dr. Docasar from a friend to help me with my menopause symptoms. She uses the bio identical hormones, and let me tell you, it's been amazing! I'm a different person! No more hot flashes, night sweats, or cray cray episodes. I highly recommend her for all your female needs. She's very kind, patient and genuine about my well being.
5	I saw Dr. Docasar on and off for over 4 years now (because I'm always out of town). She is such a great woman! Last time I had to get a procedure done at her office, her team was so funny and easygoing which took my mind off of the stress of the procedure. When I came back for a follow up visit 2 weeks later, my insurance had ran out. I was really worried about paying for the appointment (I'm a student with no job), and she told me don't worry about it and that she'd rather see me put the money into taking care of myself. I was so touched! That had to have been my best encounter with a doctor!
4	Waiting room is nicely decorated like if I was visiting my friend's for afternoon tea. Went in for a check up... I did not have to wait too long so that was great.
5	Saw Dr.Docasar today & i must say,i will recommend her to any of my(female) family & friends! Dr.Docasar & her staff made me feel so comfortable & welcome at my very first appointment. I wanna THANK YOU Dr.Docasar & your staff for being such a great team to your patience. Keep up the great friendly,helpful & kind hearted! And especially to you Dr.Docasar! I pray God continue to BLESS you abundantly! & Shalom over your business & staff!!!
1	BEWARE !!! DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME!! I CAME TO THIS PLACE BECAUSE OF THE GOOD REVIEWS!! Let me try to do this a briefly as possible. this was the first time i have ever had a pap smear.(we all know it is hard to find a good doctor to trust) at first i was happy with the service. the doctor is nice. i chose not to sign to do an HPV screening because i wasnt sure if my insurance would cover it. after my pap i mentioned to the doctor that i didnt sign for it because i was unsure about coverage. the doctor mentioned to me that she went ahead and opt me in to get the test done because of my age and it being my first exam. WELL at first i thought ok thats nice of her. A week passed i didnt get a call from them in regards to my exam. The doctor said if there was no call it was because everything was ok. Because im a stickler on things i went ahead and requested my results myself from QUEST. Shockingly i saw for myself that my results were in fact ABNORMAL. i gave the office a call and asked if they got my results. i was told they would find out from the doctor because she wasnt there. they did give me a call back to let me know the results were in and that the doctor would like to see me. i asked her if this was urgent and she wasnt sure at all. she was not helpful AND I WAS RUSHED OFF THE PHONE. i got off the phone extremely scared and worried. i decided to call back and ask for a call from the doctor. their response is the doctor doesnt do calls. WOW!! i get it they deal with this daily, but other people put their health concerns in their hands they have no compassion. the woman on the phone said to me, i already spoke to you i will email the doctor and find out if its urgent! she calls me back to let me know the doctor said i could wait until december 2, which was my original follow up date(a month after my exam). for a piece of mind i decided to call back and ask to be seen sooner. (i had hope this was a one time bad experience and i felt i could give the place another chance) boy was i wrong. the doctor is pleasant i even advised my sister to have her exam with doctor docasar. the staff may be horrible people but the doctor wasnt bad. my mom went ahead to schedule for my sister and OF COURSE they do not take my insurance.! i was seen a week prior i did not get 1 phone call about that. i called them to confirm if that was true and it was. i asked how much i would need  to pay out of pocket. they told me we will call u b4 ur appt to let you know. The day of my appointment comes around and i did not get a call. i call into the office to find out they did not schedule me correctly. they set me up late december!! IF SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH ME WHY WOULD I WAIT EVEN LONGER!!?? Thats the lack of care from the schedulers end. (MIND YOU I STILL WAS NOT TOLD THAT MY RESULTS WERE NOT NORMAL) she told me i could get you in because we have a cancelation.( ughh hello,  its customer service to see me THE MISTAKE WAS ON THEIR END. ) I asked AGAIN how much it would cost and she said idk ill call u back. they call me back to tell me it was 180, i asked if i could do a payment plan and of course the answer was no, we wont see u until thats paid. well being that i was aware of my results i was willing to pay the cash fee. they call me back 2 hrs later and tell me that another procedure was needed to be done so they didnt know if i wanted to pay for it or not.!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? when did they plan to tell me this. I WENT BACK AND FORTH WITH THESE PEOPLE FOR HOURS, THEY HAD ME ON HOLD EVERY TIME FOR A MINIMUM OF 10 MIN. never in my life did i feel like just a number when it came to my health!! IF NOTHINGS WRONG WITH U IM SURE THEY WILL TREAT YOU FINE, BUT IF YOU HAVE ISSUES PLEASE BE AWARE THEY WILL NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR WELL BEING OR HAVE COMPASSION FOR WHAT YOU ARE GOING THROUGH! ohh to top it off they took a urinary sample and NEVER SENT IT TO QUEST LABS FOR TESTING!!! in the end of all this i decided not to go thought with my follow up. i found a different doctor and i hope to god they will treat me as a human.!DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME. THERE ARE OTHER DOCTORS OUT THERE! its sad that a bad staff can ruin it for a decent doctor!!!!
5	Dr. Docasar is really nice and makes you feel safe and comfortable. Going to get a Pap smear is never considered fun, but she is extremely professional and makes it quick and painless. She is very thorough and makes sure she checks everything necessary.Her office is clean and the staff is very friendly. She is conscious of her patients time and doesn't make you wait forever. I wish other types of doctors were as considerate as her. I highly recommend Dr. Docasar if you are looking for a gyro in the Henderson area and I am grateful for doctors like her who care about their patients.
