5	I don't know if ya'll know but Peppis kicks the shit out of Primanti Brothers! I mean come on, they have a hoggie named after Big Ben   named after his own spec's for a hoggie after being a regular there for years! Big Ben! This is the House of Prime Rib of Hoggie spots!Don't get sprung!
5	Best lunch in downtown! The service is great the sandwich are amazing. Much better then Primanti's. The frys are excellent
5	The best sandwiches in Pittsburgh as far as I am concerned....everything is always fresh and cooked to order and tastes really good!  The place is nothing special...I have never sat in the one downtown, but there is one more on the east side and it looks the same.  Small place, but clean and worth going just to grab a sandwich or fries!!!
3	Peppi's did not leave me peppy.  The wait for a cheesteak sandwich was just too long.  I came here after the lunch rush and still waited around 20-25 minutes.The sandwich was o.k.  I got the steak special which includes, beef, cheese, onions, peppers, lettuce, and mayo.  The meat comes frozen in a rectangled thin patty.  It is fried, then chopped up, and ingredients added.  Half of my fries were burnt and the other half was soggy.The restaurant is a typical dive and has many Pittsburgh Steelers paraphernalia.
4	You just gotta have a Peppi's hoagie...especially on your way to a Steelers game.  The guy stands under the bridge near Reedsdale shouting, "Peppi's.....hoagies...."  They are damn good.  Talk it into the stadium and enjoy :)
3	Typical dive joint. The establishment is a little soggy but clean. The service is a little slow, especially during a weekday lunch hour, but friendly.The cheese steak is good but not spectacular. The portion size is large enough. The fries alternate between crispy and soggy. Overall, it's not a bad place to go for lunch if you're looking for a basic hoagie.
3	This is my first time in Pennsylvania and I suppose I was looking for more since Philly is so well known for cheese steaks and Pittsburgh is in the same state. I guess this wasn't the place but I was really satisfied with the service.Got here around 3pm after lunch and the wait was about 10 minutes. The chef and server were very friendly.The onion rings are huge and the fries are a mix soggy and crispy.The hoagie was fresh and the cheese and steak both good. I've had better in California which is why I did not give it a 5 star ranking.I might have to try Primanti Brothers.I find it funny they have a #7 Ben Rothlesberger. The Steeler colors and jerseys are everywhere here.
5	updated
4	I have eaten at the one on the Strip, and the one on the North Shore across from Nicky's Thai.  Both are great.  All I ever get is the steak with American cheese with onions and mushrooms.  They ask if you want tomatoes mayo and lettuce.  Have no idea why, that stuff should never be on a cheese steak sandwhich.Anyways, much better than Primanti's for a cheese steak.  primanti's you go to if you want say a steak hoagie (which is not steak but actually one of those rectangular seasoned beef patties on a hoagies roll.  Get that at Primantis with a fried egg, and fries and slaw, and you got a good sammy).For a cheese steak, this is the only place in Pittsburgh to go.  Peppi's.
1	I found a short black curly hair in my basket of fries... and it was definitely not mine.Needless to say, this completely ruined my meal. Thanks to Peppi's, I won't be eating anything that isn't ready-to-eat as is (like fruit) for the next few days.Not only does the shop LOOK grimey, it IS grimey... Completely disgusted.
4	Cheese steaks with a little taste of Pittsburgh,  This is a very good downscale sandwich shop. the place is dirty and hot and not much for ambience.   I have been to the Northside, Smithfieild and the Point Breeze/Penn Ave in the old dinner.  Sandwiches are consistantly good.  Enjoy and try some of the specialty subs- Joey Portabella is a good one.
5	some of the greatest sandwiches i have ever had. tasted so good and was so filling. perfect!
5	These sandwiches are amazing. They fill you up, they're delicious, and it's chill place to go and eat. A must try.
5	Peppi's 2, Pep Boys 0.This place has some of the best subs in Western PA, especially the delicious and appropriately named Roethlisburger, my favourite! Yum!Well, well, well. Long before I was ever officially into food and having friends and local fans of my music pick out where I was supposed to eat in any given town I was visiting, I knew about Peppi's. That was because I was once watching the Steelers on a given Sunday (during their famous Cowher Superbowl Winning Run I think), and I saw a special on this little sandwich place making a Roethlisburger. It seemed like they put everthing imaginable on it "plus an egg". The "plus an egg" thing intrigued me, so when I finally made it to Pitt, I gave it a try.Plus an egg indeed! My word! It's actually spicy minced sausage (greasy as hell) with all sorts of goodies on it.... er... "plus an egg". It helps that these folks are some of the friendliest people you'll find. The Strip District folks asked for a signed CD and gave me a free Roethlisburger in return. The Downtown location gave me a free portion of fries because I had to wait about 30 seconds longer than they said I would have to wait. So really, whether you're looking for good service or good sub sandwiches (is that really a choice?), Peppi's is a great selection. I'm sure a lot of their other food is good too, but anyone that names a sandwich after the local hero and my favourite (joint) QB, is going to get my business, and since that sandwich is so delicious, it's the only thing I've ever ordered since I started going there.
4	Pippi's is a great Pittsburgh resturant.  I would highly recommend it to any out of towners who wanted to get a taste of the city. They sale a sandwhich called the Pittsburger!!! Peppi's is not for the calorie counter. They do not skimp on toppings either tons of fatty cheese, meats and mayo. With a couple of tomatoes for good measure. So if you are watching your waste line you may want to stear clear. I mean you can get a philly cheese steak with 6 oz of meat on it.  This place is worth getting a sandwhich and splitting it with a friend. My favorite menu option is the cajun fries served with a side of ranch dressing.Totally worth every calorie.
5	Clean, fast, fresh, friendly, understated, and just plain great!I ordered the Big Wheeler today and it was awesome. Spicy steak/sausage mix, fresh bread, well worth the 1/2 mile stroll on this cold afternoon.Just go, you won't be disappointed!
5	A staple of downtown work lunch. Excellent cheesesteaks, fresh fries, and a great crew of workers.A Pittsburgh classic in it's own, Peppi's is a must-eat cheesesteak destination in the downtown area.  I've been to Peppi's in the Strip and the North Shore and unfortunately they don't quite stack up (still good though).
5	Love it. Had the Ultra cheese steak today with the cheese fries!Delicious! Reasonably priced.You aren't there for the ambiance.  Friendly service.Love this place.
3	I recently started working in "Dahn Tahn" Pittsburgh and have started venturing out at lunch.  This week some guys took me to Peppi's and I was certainly not disappointed.  The place is totally a dive and has tasty dive food.  I had the cheesesteak and really enjoyed it.  I'll certainly be back again.  Unfortunately when I compare this place to the Oakland Uncle Sam's cheesesteak.... well there really is no comparison.  So Peppi's you will certainly do when I am down town... take your three stars and wear it proudly.
4	Overall, a friendly and fast environment. Great music always playing on the speakers during the lunch rush hours, marked by good service/communication by the employees to customers. Fantastic food at all four locations; is a great place to walk down to on your lunch break/late afternoon hunger. Reasonably priced food, with a 'chill' atmosphere.
4	Peppi's rocks! Why do I say that you ask? Let me explain.. I was walking down Smithfield during my Friday lunch, which is later than my lunch during the rest of the week & I'm realllllly hungry!  I head down to Peppi's after hearing so many people rave about it. While walking into Peppi's I think I took a step back in time because every worker is literally jamming to "Funky Town" & I'm at a dive sandwich shop. All of the workers were extremely friendly & happy (what's your secret?! I need to know!) The cheese steak was delish & I'm pretty excited that I can get grilled onions without an awkward up charge. A cheese steak, fresh cut fries & a drink comes to $8.. extremely reasonable. I ended up only eating half of the hoagie & enjoyed the rest later in the day. The staff were chatting & joking with me again as I was leaving. I must say for a lunch by myself I laughed a great deal during that hour. I'll be back!
