4	So one of my fav  ex-yelper asked where Los Parados was located since she was hankering for a taco.  After a couple visits there she felt great tacos were to be had elsewhere.  A day later she proclaimed victory in finding a better taco at Tacos El Gordo.  Hmm... i'll be the judge of that ( then again, she speaks fluent spanish, knows mexican food like i know burgers so the reality is SHE'S THE JUDGE  not me ! ) All the tacos are $2  - they have about 10 varieties.  other options are tostada's ( also $2 ) and interestingly, asada fries which cost $10 ...$10 ?!?!?   okaaaay.When you come in , a lil unusual method of ordering - basically 4 separate lines based on which taco you order - english is definitely the 2nd language so be careful how you order, but the employees are very pleasant and work with you.  So i order a spicy pork, pork, asada and cabeza tacos.  You stand there as they chop the meat, place the meat on the freshly prepared tortillas ( you see the tortilla lady cooking away ) They put a guagamole/avocado sauce on the asada - very good .  the spicy pork had a creamy sauce, too - not sure what it was, but tasted great.  all had cilantro and onions.  btw - they also give you a plate of grilled green onions and a chile - wasn't sure what i was supposed to do with them - looked around - saw a few people gnawing on them - sure why not !  The cabeza was just ok, the pork was a lil on the fat side.  The tortillas were delicious ! I don't think i'll try the beef brain tacos ( not cabeza ) but the chorizo tacos looked great - next visit .Is it better than Parados ...it's very possible.  Further tastings are necessary.  Interestingly, this place is in the same center as a los tacos ( not a fan ) pics posted
5	Just like in San Diego! I am a regular when ever I visit National City and it's great to know that we have one in town... I just wish it wasn't on the other side of town! The place is setup almost exactly like the one in National City. The owner is real nice an we even had a chat with her while we were there.If you've never been here before, Tacos El Gordo is basically like a taco stand and has TJ (Tijuana) style tacos-- small tacos but full of goony goodness!My favorite is the adobada taco with an horchata and sometimes I'll have a carne asada taco as well. I usually don't venture outside of that because, well, everything else is made from things I prefer not to eat like intestine, "cabeza"... Uhm, yea, I love my choices lol.Word to the weaklings to the spicy stuff, such as myself, always ask for no spicy sauce or "NO CHILI POR FAVOR" :) Their spicy stuff is pretty spicy for myself, I usually get the salsa verde on the side.We'll be back, not sure how often since it's way on the other side of town :(
4	This place didn't get 5 stars because of the salsas...they're not hot enough or tasty enough for me, the best one of is the green salsa, spicier and a little more flavorful than the red.            Some of the best tacos I've had in a long time.  I had the cabeza, carne asada tacos, and a half cabeza/half carne asada order of $10 fries! Yes, their fries as $10!!      I thought that the cabeza tacos were better, the meat very soft and a little slimy? typical of this type of meat, seasoned to perfection.  I don't konw if it was my particular batch of carne asada, but it was way too salty.  The tortillas are made of yellow corn, and are delicious.  They add avocado to their carne asada tacos, but not to the cabeza, apparently this is "tijuana style".  You also get a side of grilled onions and yellow peppers, they are delicious with the tacos.  Their order of fries are quite large and they are generous with the meat, however I didn't think they were worth the $10. They add avocado, cheese and cream to the fries, I uploaded a photo of these.     Their customer service is great, they are all very nice, the cooks and the cashiers.  They knew that it was my first time there, and they were very helpful in helping me decide what to order.       I was pleased to see that about 20 min into my delicious meal, the place started getting packed, which is a good indicator of freshness and quality.  You get your order pretty fast.  I would definately recommend this place.        The place looks very clean.
4	I was in the area and decided to stop by after reading @jOanne & @keith's reviews.Good thing I read the reviews first because I walked in and immediately saw the large kitchen counter where you order....there are 3 ordering stations where you order directly from the cooks.  Since I already knew about it, I walked up like I knew what I was doing....until they started speaking to me in Spanish.....then I got a little flustered.The menu is very simple....there are only a few things you can order and it's printed in large letters above the kitchen counter (see pics).  I decided I wanted to try the Chorizo Taco & Carne Asada Taco....and then curiosity got the best of me and I went for an order of Carne Asada Fries....they are $10 while the Tacos are $2....what does $8 more get you?  I was about to find out.  I threw $2 in a tip jar on the counter in front of the cooks and waited patiently for my order.The food is homemade and made from scratch right in front of you....including the Tortillas.  You have to grab a tray and wait for your cook to make your order because they hand it to you right after they make it.  From there, you pay at a register on the other side of the room by the door....kind of like a Cafeteria in a Hospital or Convention Center.My cook made me the two Tacos first and told me that he'd call my name for the Carne Asada Fries.  He asked me if I wanted everything on the Tacos...I said yes even though I had no clue what that meant....after I got the Tacos, I realized that it meant Onions, Cilantro, Guacamole, and Salsa....perfect!I jumped right into the Chorizo Taco first....it was pretty good.  Good proportions on the toppings and the size of the Taco was decent, worth $2.  Next was the Carne Asada Taco....but before I could take a bite, the cook called my name for the Fries....when I picked it up I knew I was in trouble....the damn order of Fries was huge!  It must have weighed at least 3 to 4 lbs!  Seriously!  (see pics)I finished off the Carne Asada Taco...which was pretty good.  The meat was fresh and cooked perfectly....it wasn't overcooked and didn't have too much fat on it.Then I looked at the beast called Carne Asada Fries....no wonder this damn thing is $10....it can feed 4 people!  I knew there was no way I could finish it and felt bad because I was going to waste a lot of it.  I grabbed my fork and attacked it.....basically, it's French Fries (think McDonald's sized cuts) covered in Cheese, Guacamole, Carne Asada, Sour Cream, & some other kind of Cream.  The Fries were cooked just right....not too soft, not overcooked.  The flavor of the dish was awesome.I gave it my best shot, but could barely finish just under 1/2 of the plate (see pics)....great value though....could easily feed 4 normal sized human beings.The only gripe I had about the joint was a lack of a Salsa Bar....or Hot Sauce.....I would have loved to pour some on my food, but had to do without...that's what kept me from giving them 5 Stars.Will I return?  Yep!  Next time, I'm bringing backup to help me with the Fries!
4	Just picked up three tacos ("with everything"):1) Adobada with pineapple - YUM!!2) Chorizo - YUM!!3) Asada - won't get again. Flavor wasn't there, and the meat was gristly. Blech.The tacos didn't travel well, so I wouldn't get them to go.If I'm hungry and in the neighborhood, I'd stop in. Wouldn't drive across town for these, though.
4	These taco's are great. Place is really clean. Reminds me of tacos in Tijuana as a kid
5	Now you know a taco place is good when you don't have to always settle for carne asada. Gordos has the best spicy pork tacos! And they're proud of it :) this has been the best taco I've had for a whole-in-the-wall place. The vibe is great too, from workers to customers. The place is crackin up until 4am. Oh and best of all.. Non stop refills on horchata
5	AKA.= The new Los TacosNo, just kidding. The food at Tacos El Gordo has a completely different flavor than its neighbor, Los Tacos. Ordering your tacos may be a little tricky, but do not be intimated: The cooks speak English too! Place your order and then take it over to the cash register, deli style. I recommend the suadero tacos (it's brisket), my favorite. The tacos are small but tasty! They are traditional Mexican tacos. Two homemade tortillas, your choice of meat and toppings. I also recommend the tostadas. The place is clean, the staff is friendly and there are no vegetarians in sight! This place holds a special place in my clogged heart.
4	Hell yes!!!
5	Came to this place out of curiosity to try it out. Was not expecting much other than some regular tacos like any other place. Walked in saw the kitchen setup was out in the open where you can see how your food is prepared and who prepares it, sort of like taquerias in the Mexican border towns. To order your food you've got to ask one of the taqueros what and how you want your food they make the fresh tortillas as you order. I gotta admit for two dollars I was expecting some bigger tacos but they did not disappoint. They stuff your tortilla as much as they can and you only need a couple of these to fill you up. I saw they had 10 dollar carne asada fries and wanted a try for 10 dollars i thought it was a lot but i gotta admit they are worth it, they are really generous and stuff that tray with as much meat and fries as they can. BEST CARNE ASADA FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD! For sure coming back to this place it does not compare to Tacos Mexico, or King Taco. This place is wayy better. Probably best taco place in VEGAS!! Highly recommend!
5	The best tacos in town, very affordable, and tasty.  I thought since moving from Tucson  I was doomed to never find a taco like at Taco Tote. Confusing as heck on how to order but it goes as follows: The line with the pork hanging on a spit is for pork adabado. The line in the center is for tongue, brains, aka nasty bits that my friends who like their food a bit more "authentic" swear by. Then the last line where someone is making tortillas is for chorizo, steak, and probably chicken, but I always order the chorizo so no clue. The staff speaks English, but they move fast so if you want no onions, no sauce, no avocado (and you're sick if you don't get the avocado)  speak quickly and clearly. They are super nice though and remade three tacos after my husband corrected them that he didn't want onions on his pork tacos.
5	Tacos El Gordo is truly a hidden gem in Las Vegas!Doesnt get more authentic than this, well it probably does, in the deep forests of Mexico.  Are there even forests in Mexico? Anyways, I love how there's more than just 2 meats.  Any place that has Suadero is a favorite of mine, and Tacos El Gordo has Suadero!  If you've never heard of it, try it! Trust me! It's meat so tender it'll make you wanna slap ya daddy AND ya mama!  I had the massive carne asada fries, but I didn't know til after that you can get any type of meat you want on top of the fries.  I would have got their suadero. It's that good!  I usually just get the taco's now and maybe a sopes here and there but mainly the tacos.  It comes with grilled onions on request.  It always seems like they're constantly cooking, maybe because it's always so busy.
5	If I'm going to rate this place, it's for 2 sole things: their slow roasted, tender meat(especially the suadero and spicy pork) and their free unlimited refills of horchata. What!? diosmio. Really though, there are more pluses. Keep in mind, their fresca cheese. Their salsa is spicy enough to sucker punch me in the mouth but not as an anesthetic, and I can still taste the fireworks of sauce and meat and celantro all mixed in. They're cooking and prepping right in front so you know there's no silly hide & seek games, "where are they taking my food?" Believe me, these kids are authentic Mexican grub-lords. They're more than willing to sample you a piece of their carne. That's how confident they are- and they earned it.It gets better, the ladies that work here don't joke about a clean environment. They're so fast, when a group heads out, they're already cleaning the table for the next..  All the workers are always smiling. 5 stars all day, and in my next 3 lifetimes.
5	Tacos El Gordo has some of the most authentic tasting and looking tacos I've been around in forever! Their selection includes a spicy pork adobada, meat on a stick spicy and slow roasted. If you are not excited about meat on a stick, I don't know how to help you. They also have all the other stuff. I ordered along with my pork taco one lengua and one buche taco. The guys behind the counter are very nice, he even asked to make sure those were the tacos I wanted. Apparently white people don't get the good stuff often :)There is also carne asada which is flavored with what it is cooked on which is slightly smoky. It is ok but the real winners are the tacos with spicy pork, and the other stuff you can't get next door. Both of my other tacos were delicious. Now that I have read some more reviews, I am looking forward to returning to try the Suadero tacos. Be warned chicken lovers: there is no pollo on the menu. I'm not so sure the carne asada fries are worth the $10, but I get why they offer it. This is worth a drive if you would like to try authentic street tacos with fresh made salsas, corn tortillas, delicious meats, and have great service regardless of if you speak Spanish or not. It brings a smile to my face just thinking about the cheerful folks we dealt with behind the counter. Will return soon!
5	Muy Delicioso! This place can get pricey! But its worth every penny.. By far the best tacos, sopes.. etc.. i've ever had.. I wish there was one like this in California.. :( if there is please let me know!! Definitely crave and recommend this place!!! Try the Spicy Pork!!!
5	Bomb la bomb da da da bomb! Best tacos in the valley!!
5	Can't believe they opened one of these in Vegas!  Now I love Vegas even more!  The original one is in tijuana, then opened some in the Chula Vista area of San Diegio, and now Vegas.  Bar none, the best pastor meat you will ever taste, not to mention the avocado cream sauce they put on top.  And their asada tacos get a fresh guacamole on top.  The best!  $2/taco but well worth it.
5	I found this random place through Yelp while staying in Old town Vegas.   Their $10 fries are sooooo friggin good and it'll feed a whole gang...  I tried their pork taco (carved from a huge skewer), and their langua taco... If you're not afraid to eat a cow's tongue, try it!!! cus meat is too boring nowadays.. lol I like watching them make my tacos in front of me... 5 stars for taste, cleanliness, and all you can drink orange BANG!
4	While driving a cab in Vegas I'm always on the lookout for something tasty.  Not only for myself but something I think other people would enjoy as well.  Tacos El Gordo is the newest in that category.The tacos here are really good.  While not everyone may be up for a lingua (tongue) taco, the el pastor tacos are really really good and so are the carne asada tacos.Just the other week, I actually brought someone here in the cab who was visiting from Minnesota. He was originally from Mexico City and hadn't had a good taco that he didn't have to make himself for quite some time.  I brought him here to Tacos El Gordo and he was absolutely amazed.  He said the tacos here were the best hes had since he was back visiting family in Mexico.  Personally, I've only had tacos like this on a shopping expedition of sorts in Tijuana but I'd have to agree that these tacos are pretty awesome.While the price of the tacos is a bit high (even more so when compared to the price in Mexico ;-) ) they're really tasty and you'll definitely come back for more.  A Taco runs about $2.00.  Small price to pay for a piece of happiness.Bring your appetite and leave happy.  They're open late and are very quick.  The service is friendly and while there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the way their counter is set up, walk right up and get yourself some tacos!
5	Hands down! Best Carne Asada & Al Pastor you can find in Vegas.  The Pastor(pork) is on a rotating spit with a chunck of Pinapple on top like it should be and it's the first thing you see when you walk in the door.  It has that sweet and smoky flavor any good Al Pastor should have.  I've been suckered into various taco joints in town that had a Pastor spit, hoping that I would find something as good as you can get in Mexico.  I've always come away very disappointed.  El Gordo's has it down.The Carne Asada is marinated and grilled to perfection.  It has that distinct flavor of the Original El Gordo's in Tijuana.  Getting Asada this good is a rare occurence these days.  I've been all over Southern California and Vegas and I can only count 4 or 5 Taco stands that I've found in the last 15 years that even come close to this Asada.When I first saw that the tacos were 2 bucks, I balked a little, but when I realized it was the same name as my favorite stand in Tijuana, I would have paid 4 bucks for a taco in hopes that it was half as good as I had remembered it.  The tacos are well worth the 2 bucks considering that they pack them full of meat and will top any taco off with as much guacamole, cilantro, and cebolla you want.I've only been there three times since I found this place, so I haven't had a chance to try some of the other meats.  I'm sure everything is on point just based on the Asada & Pastor.  Next time I'll have to try the Lengua & Buche.
5	Is this love? Ever since I first stepped into Tacos El Gordo, I couldn't stop thinking of the adobado taco. As soon as I laid eyes on that twirling mountain of spicy pork slowly being marinated by the roasting pineapple up top, I knew this was the one. It was love at first sight. I was confused upon walking in though. As an Asian who struggled through Spanish 101, I felt foreign here. Everything seemed so fast-paced and busy. I stood back on the sidelines to evaluate and plan how I was going to tackle my first taco order. I stood there, staring at the menu for a few minutes in confusion. Apparently, the counter is divided into sections which serve the particular meat desired. Luckily, English got me through just fine. People behind the counter are friendly and very quick to construct your taco. I wasn't really familiar with any of the meats on the menu, so I just pointed at things that looked good."I want two of that one.""Can I get two of that?"Apparently, my point and get method served me well. I ended up with two adobado tacos (spicy pork)  and two carne asda tacos. $2 a taco. Not bad.These tacos were some of the best things I've eaten in a long time. They were so good, in fact,  that I went back up for more. Authentic tacos made with love; my favorite kind. Tacos El Gordo, you will see me back very soon. This time, I'll know what I'm doing.
5	What can I say about this place that people haven't already said?! As you can see by my frequent visits, I'm hooked on their tacos! I have tried their carne asada tacos and carne asada fries but nothing comes close to the tacos de adobada (spicy pork tacos). My bf says they taste just like the ones from TJ!The staff here is really friendly, they even have my order memorized (7 spicy pork tacos) and no they're not all for me! heheMake sure you get a side of green onions and chilies and sprinkle them with salt....Think I might go there now! Enjoy
5	Some of, if not, THE best tacos I've had in Vegas since moving here in 2003. I live in Summerlin and have no problem driving to the other side of town to get my fix. The carne asada tacos are decent (as are the tripe and lengua tacos), but, the spicy pork adobada tacos are golden. At $2 each, they can't be beat. If you're planning on visiting, make sure to order at least one of the adobada tacos, you'll thank me later.The service is extremely friendly as well.Originally from San Francisco, I'm a seasoned vet when it comes to cheap, delicious, hole-in-the-wall taquerias. I almost don't want to admit it, but these tacos are better than any I can remember having in the Mission. I almost feel sorry for the taco shop across the way in the same strip mall, "Los Tacos." Almost. They're good, but overpriced. I believe Los Tacos originated in San Francisco, around 24th and Mission, and they're overpriced there as well. A single taco shouldn't cost $5+. Tacos El Gordo appears to have decimated the business at Los Tacos. It's funny driving between two competing taquerias where 90% of the cars are parked on one side of the lot. If they made burritos, I'd probably cry tears of joy.
4	Finally!  We have lived in the Vegas area over a year and it has been close to impossible to find good Mexican food.  This is the best we have found in the area ( RIchi's Tacos in Beaverton, OR is the absolute best!!!)  This place will do while we are living in the Vegas area.   I do love the tacos here!!  My favorite: al pastor, chorizo, and tripa s.  The asada tacos are a little "meh" but other than that its great! The tacos are $2 a piece a little spendy for a taco but worth it.  The employees are also very friendly!
5	I wish so so so badly that this restaurant was in Utah! They had the best tacos EVER! My husband and I loved the steak tacos very fresh and tortillas made right in front of you. However the spicy pork taco took the cake. They cut the pork right off this spit with a pineapple above it to add flavor and juices. By far the best taco I've had in a long time. Don't be discouraged by the craziness of the place either everyone just wants there tacos. Just go up to the counter and tell them what you want yummmm! Talk about a best thing I ever ate moment.
5	Best authentic tacos in Las Vegas - hands down.  They make the corn tortillas fresh - grabbing the masa and throwing that stuff right on the grill.  You can taste the freshness and care they put into every taco.This place is packed at 10:30 on a Saturday night (totally full) and for good reason.  Their spicy pork taco is out of this world.  Also really enjoyed the lengua (beef tongue).  I'm gonna have no problem driving from Summerlin to this joint on a regular basis.  It's just that good.  FYI the line on the far right is for the spicy pork tacos, the middle is for brain and tongue, and the left one for everything else.  You order your tacos, get them, then go to the register.  Piece of cake once you know the system.  The pork line is always longer than the others.
5	******** TACO SEARCH OVER **********Are you a basketball fan?  Do you remember when Vince Carter played his only time in the slam dunk contest, threw down his first, thunderous dunk, and stared into the audience, motioning with his hand slitting his throat and mouthed...................."It's Over"That is how i felt after i took my first bite of their Spicy Pork adoboda taco.The search for Vegas's Best Taco has ended.  It's over.I didn't think it was possible to get an authentic taco in this town.  I been to the self proclaimed "Robertos" and the other has-beens where frankly after tonight I'd feed it all to a dog.We got the cabeza (beef head), lengua (tongue), and the spicy pork adoboda.  When you arrive, there is a secret way of ordering, kind of like In-and-Out.  Based on the meat choice you want, you go to line 1, 2, or 3.The line closest to the door is where it is at yo..Spicy pork goodness.  Be sure to hit up every line and get your grilled scallions and peppers in line 1.  BEst of all, this place is open till 4am on the weekends.
4	After a long night shift of yelping and eating nothing but tasteless diet popcorn I got off shift and my hubby asked if I wanted breakfast. Of course I replied and we drove over to Tacos El Gordo and sat in the parking lot. We waited with several others till 9am when they opened their doors. (kinda sad but true!) The place is clean and during our visit the staff was busy milling around cleaning an already spotless dining area. Restrooms were also well maintained which was a good sign! Because of the early hour, the Pork Adoboda was not ready so we each ordered a chorizo & Carne Asada taco and waited for the pork to be ready. The chorizo taco was ok, the corn tortilla, made fresh before your eyes, was soft and flavorful. The chorizo was soft but not so tasty. I tasted more of the salsa and guac then the meat filling. The chorizo taco was ok but I wouldn't order it again. The carne asada taco was my least fave. They use the less desirable cuts of meat and the presence of connective tissue and other Non-meat parts was really kinda gross. Thank god the pork tacos were ready. They were excellent. The pork was slightly sweet and spicy and the cool creamy green sauce and salsa they put on top complimented the meat perfectly. They were so good we ordered 2 more! You know the food is good when you eat in silence =) I would definitely return and order the Adoboda tacos. The place had brisk business at 9am so you know the place is awesome!
3	The carne asada fries weren't that good.  There tacos are good though
5	Oh my Lord. Delicious. This place is packed for a reason.
5	I finally found it!!! A true authentic tacos place that is both affordable and good. I stopped by Tacos El Gordo for lunch and the place was packed, mostly spanish speaking customers, so you know you're in the right place for tacos, but still felt a little bit out of place being the only asian guy there. There were several lines that you can order tacos from, I guess depending on meat you want. You can choose from adobada (spicy pork), asada, tripa (tripe), lengua (tongue), chorizo, etc...Fortunately, the guy behind the counter asked what I wanted to order and basically I ordered one of each, just so I know if they're good. The taco is not that big (size of krispy kreme donut in diameter but 1/4 as thick) and only costs 2 bucks each, so it didn't break my wallet or my belly. Every single one of them was tasty... yum yum. The food was fresh and flavorful. My co worker complained that they put too much cilantro, but I think it's no big deal. You can take it out if you don't like it. One tip for those that like green onion and jalapeno, They have some grilled green onion and jalapeno available as a side dish. Delish when added to the tacos. Also, they don't have to go box, so if you want your order to go, they just wrap the plate in aluminum foil.
5	Yes, I drive all the way from Long Beach to Vegas for tacos!  Why? Because my LV buddy and I have an on-going competition to find the BEST tacos on the cheap.  Win for Vegas!  I used to be loyal to Pepe's across town, but El Gordo is my new fave.  SO YUMMY!!Carne asada tacos: A+++Tacos el pastor: A+++Service: Fast and friendly.  I love it when they speak Spanish to my friends and then switch to English for me.  Hey, hablo espanol tambien!If you're converting from Los Tacos across the parking lot, the tacos at El Gordo might look a little small in comparison.  But don't be fooled!  They have five times the flavor and are super cheap so you can buy 13 if you want.  I get my tacos with EVERYTHING and they're delicious, but you can ask for no onions if you're a wimp (like two of my friends).  The tortillas are fresh and sooooooooo yummy.We'll be driving back to LV for more tacos for sure!
3	3.5 StarsFinally made it over here for lunch after several recommendations from friends.  The place was hopping!  Fortunately I had read some reviews and was able to navigate the line system, but I can see it being confusing for the uninitiated.Ordered a mix of carne adovada, carne asada & suadero tacos.  Adovada was by far the most enjoyable.  Suadero was tender and smoky.  Carne asada was passable, but not my favorite in town.  The corn tortillas were pulled fresh off the grill, and the various sauces that accompanied the tacos were flavorful.  Everything here was good, but outside of the carne adovada I wouldn't classify anything as great.  Maybe my expectations were too high, as the tacos had been described as a "life-changing experience." Who knows...Service was definitely friendly and the lines move relatively quickly.  Bottomless horchata is a plus.  All-in-all, a pleasant experience.
5	Finally authentic Al Pastor here in Vegas.I worked in Mexico and then moved to Vegas 16 years ago.  I have searched the entire city since then to find true Mexican "street" tacos.  El gordo has them.  Fantastic Pastor, Asada, y Lengua tambien!Roasted chilies and green onion at the end of the counter is a nice touch.
5	Tacos El Gordo is from Tijuana, so the street tacos here are very authentic. We tried Los Tacos in the same shopping center before we came here. So glad we tried El Gordo, they blow Los Tacos out of the water!
5	Went back and along with the spicy pork had some of the beef stomach tacos.  I like the pork better but the stomach was solid.  This place just hits a home run every time.Was told by the nice cashier they are going to be opening up a location at the strip mall right next to encore.  It's on the Strip and just past Encore coming from Venetian, Bellagio, etc. heading towards Stratosphere.Good  times.
5	I feel like this restaurant has taught me what it means to eat good Mexican food.  Tacos de adobada were my favorite.  Very friendly staff.  I didn't try any of the more exotic meats (beef head, tongue,...).  I stuck to the more traditional cuts of pork and beef in tacos.  They have horchata at the drink fountain which was my first time to try and it was very tasty. I will DEFINITELY revisit this place everytime I come to Vegas.  It's nowhere near where my hotel usually is, but the trip is worth it.
5	"if youre in Vegas, you HAVE TO HAVE TO HAVE TO go to tacos el gordo!""and you HAVE TO HAVE TO HAVE TO get the tacos adobada!!"Jasmine went on and on, but how could I resist texts like this?  After all, she's a fellow foodie.  Let me tell you, all it took was ONE.BITE.  I was hooked.  Ok, so this location isn't the safest place to head to at 1:30AM, but if  you grew up in my neighborhood it will only bring back memories, lol!  I'm sure you will mull through the other great reviews of this establishment, but at the time I rolled through there (1:30AM) there were five people eating inside, and two vagrants outside asking for spare change.  LADIES... I highly suggest taking a friend or friends if heading here late at night or before they close. That being said, their ADOBADA tacos are just short of orgasmic.  Seriously, if my taste buds were capable of such activity, they did it.  The pork is marinated and cooked just right, with incredible flavor that remained very distinguishable even past the fresh diced onions and minced cilantro.  All of this is succulently nestled in perhaps the freshest tasting corn tortillas I've ever had.  They do not skimp on the amount, either... they are generously filled!And what's up with that green sauce?  Jasmine and I agree, the main ingredient in it is crack, because it.is.addicting.(just kidding about the crack...)They have locations all over the Southland (LA) and in San Diego.  As far as Las Vegas goes, I will definitely make this a regular visit from here on out.If you're a fan of street-style soft tacos, you owe it to yourself and your friends to give this place a try.  Go for the food, not the ambience!!(... AAANND, for you hard shell taco fans, please look up my review on another Vegas great, Roberto's Taco Shop!)Mahalos!!
4	As a fat guy, I've gotta love the name!Stopped by at about 9:30 on a Sunday morning and there was a pretty good crowd.  Thanks to the other Yelp reviews, I kinda/sorta knew what I was doing.Had the adobado taco and a couple o' lengua tacos with everything.  Very good and reminded me of street tacos in Mexico that I consumed in a former life.Solid food, and a very friendly staff!  I'll make the trek down Charleston to Tacos El Gordo on my next visit.
5	Thanks again Yelpers! After reading a few reviews of this place at work, I had to try it on my day off. I really like the idea of ordering from the cooks, which is how this place operates. On April 5th, at around 9:30PM, I ordered 3 Carne Asada and 3 Adoboda tacos. The order also came with grilled green onions and yellow chillies on the side. Their green chili sauce is SO good too. The tacos were fantastic. OK in size at first glance, but after eating a couple, they pack a good punch. Still no match for my appetite on this day. I never tried Adoboda before and it looked so good roasting in front of me, so that was easy to order. The Asada was also looking good just off the grill. Both tacos were really good, however, I did enjoy the Adoboda more than the Asada. Also, the side onions and chillies are mandatory (for me) after tasting them with my meal. Overall, I can't wait to back to this place again. I'm definitely going to get more Adoboda tacos and try what else they have to offer.
5	BEST tacos ever BYY FARRR. Adobada is BOMB. you have to get it. The staffs are all super friendly too. Don't judge the taco shop by its cover. Oh. also try Buches (pork stomach), cabesas (pork head meat), and Lenguas (beef tongue). I don't like the intestine one though...kinda gross....nor do i like the chorizo. Carne Asada's pretty good too :)
5	These are the BEST Tacos Las Vegas has!I was in the mood to eat REAL Mexican Tacos and I couldn't find a Tacos Mexico restaurant anywhere near me so I googled "Taqueria" and Tacos El Gordo popped up.  It had so many great reviews by people who have been there that my friend and I decided to go there for dinner.  We were so impressed by the Quality of the Food!! I had the BEST tacos de cabeza and the BEST tacos adobados I've ever had in United States. My mouth waters just thinking about their tacos now!  I will NEVER go back to Tacos Mexico because Tacos El Gordo has the best tacos in Las Vegas.  The restaurant was packed when we got there, it reminded me of In-n-Out during the lunch hour.  The restaurant is really clean and as soon as somebody gets up to leave the staff cleans the table.  YOU GOTTA TRY TACOS EL GORDO!!!
4	So the mission to find amazing authentic Mexican food in Vegas brought me here (as well as some rec's from other yelpers) and I gotta say- I was not disappointed. From the minute you walk in you're transported back to Mexico. They have different counters to place your order. I tried the carne asada fries and they were AMAZING!! They have 2 options- the $5 and the $10 fries- they're they same thing it's just a difference of size. The fries have carne asada, guacamole, cheese (mountains of it!! :D) and this amazing green sauce which I couldn't quite figure it out. It was pretty frickin awesome..I'll def be back to check out the other food.
5	We rolled into Las Vegas at 8 am and were basically starving by noon, so right when I was hoping a taco truck would materialize around the corner, Tacos El Gordo shows up at the cheap end of the Strip, right before you hit Circus Circus and the other sad old hotels. $2 tacos! I got an asada one and an adobada (spicy pork). The latter is juicy shreds of pork sliced off of one of the biggest vertical kebabs I've ever seen and then drenched in a day-glow green sauce. The aguas frescas are under $2 too, and even if it's from a soda machine, we had enough to fill our Nalgenes with a jamaica and horchata mix for a post-lunch Strip amble.Ask for a free plate of carmelized green onions and roast white peppers!
4	Thank you yelpers once again! We were looking for a taco place to eat while we were in Las Vegas this past weekend. After reading all the reviews, we decided to try Tacos El Gordo. As we were walking up to the place we noticed it was packed. That is always a good sign. There were also a lot of Mexican people there, usually another good sign. As busy as it was, the line went quickly. The menu is pretty simple and I chose the asada tacos and the adobada tacos. They were filled with meat, onion, cilantro, salsa and an avocado green sauce. It was almost hard to pick them up since they had so much meat in them. I like they don't skimp on the meat :) Both tacos were very good, although I liked the adobada better.I highly recommend that if you're in Vegas and you feel like tacos you hit this place up.
5	Imagine the best possible taqueria, but take away homemade aguas frescas and put it an old Wendy's building.  Then you're basically left with tacos el gordo.  Fresh homemade tortillas, good variety of meats, and sopes so big they stack a tostada on top so you can hold it together.  Free grilled peppers and friendly staff.  None of the meats were the best I had, but they were consistently very good.
4	This taco restaurant was great, not amazing as people say though. My all time favorite tacos, especially for cabeza is still El Chato in Los Angeles. I ordered:1 Chorizo Taco - good, but not memorable. It lacked a punch.1 Cabeza Taco - delicious taco and the green sauce was spicy.3 Adobado Tacos - the texture was crunchy and the meat was flavorful. It wasn't spicy at all though unfortunately. I felt the meat could have been a bit more tender. When they serve you this meat, they cut it off the spinning rotisserie and crisp it up on a pan. I think the crisping on the pan part of it is unnecessary. All in all, I'd definitely come again.
3	If I ever come here again, I will only go for the adobada tacos. Friendly staff pretty fast service for a busy nightBTW they also have a drive thru
5	OMG! This place is delicious! It is always packed I ate there about three times in a week. The SPICY PORK (adobada) Tacos are the best! fallowed by Chorizo. The Staff is super fast, super friendly and over all amazing! A must go indeed!
4	Lived up to the hype...Had the adobada fries...was pretty good...Tacos were excellent. Grilled onions and jalapenos are on the house. If you don't mind driving in the hood for a great taco this is the place. Probably better to go during the day if your not a local or ____.
4	We feasted on a quartet of adobada (spicy pork) tacos with pineapple and grilled scallions plus peppers at this popular eatery on Charleston Avenue.  We also ordered a cola (Ann) and whipped pina colada (me).  We both agreed that these were hands down the best street tacos we have ever tasted.
5	If you want a life changing experience, the tacos from Tacos El Gordo will do that for you. Sinking your teeth in one of their succulent, flavorful, tacos will blow your mind. Tacos El Gordo is straight up authentic Mexican food at its finest. When it wasn't very dangerous to venture to Tijuana, MX, I would easily drive 10 minutes south and go to Tacos El Gordo to get my taco fix (also because it was cheaper than getting it 10 minutes north from where I lived in SD, in Chula Vista, CA :P).  As a SOUTH San Diego, CA native, and having experienced the many taco shops that saturate the SD area I've had to settle for OK Mexican tacos in Las Vegas, NV or even avoid considering tacos as an eating out option. I guarantee Tacos El Gordo is THE best tacos you'll find in town because it's seriously the best in SD and I find it an awesome relief that they brought the best to Las Vegas.  Since I'm a carne asada fan, I've only had their carne asada tacos and tostadas. The flavor and spice of their carne asada is so delicious and they grill it to perfection! The employees here are just pros at grilling and flavoring the meats to perfection. My fiance is all about the pork adobada! He scafs down his order in a ridiculous amount of time; he'll finish 4 of those tacos faster than I can finish two.Pros: the hours of operation--it's better than in San Diego! :P and it's authenticity is further accentuated because it is situated in a similar, run down area to that in South San Diego. Unlike other places where they tend to put less meat and more of the other items, Tacos El Gordo loads it up with lots of meat and a great balance of the toppings (onions/cillantro/guac etc.). Lastly, their red and green salsas are the s**t!!!! (tasty with the right amount of spice!)Cons: far from where I live in Las Vegas and the prices are a little bit expensive than in San Diego but comparable to other taco/mexican food places in Las Vegas and they don't offer seafood options for those who crave shrimp or fish tacos as an alternative to the land animals.Hope you anticipate spending most of your money toward this awesome goodness and turning into a TJ taco fiend. :)
5	Forget about all the traditional main stream cuts of pork and cow when you enter Tacos El Gordo.  It's time to man up, adjust your nut sack, hike up your trousers and get down with some more unfamiliarable less desirable "of courses I mean by American standards" fleshy fatty gems of the animal kingdom.  Cabasa and buche are king at Tacos El Gordo.  Melt in your mouth tender gelatiness nasty bits that will turn your wanna be foodie ass on it's side. I mean it's all good but these two cuts are out of this world.  Lets just put it this way, If Tacos El Gordo was Oceans 11 the cabasa would be George Clooney and the buche is Brad Pitt the other tacos, like the rest of the supporting cast, kick ass however there can only be one Clooney. OK, I know its not your typical analogy however, I'm sure you follow me. Well follow me or not all you need to know is that this place is crazy good.  If I had to point out anything negative it would be that it's a little pricey, however this is definitely one of those you get what you pay for situations.
5	Wow. That is all I can say....Tacos El Gordo will knock your taste buds into an all out Mexican frenzy of goodness! If you want the best taco, get in line for the spicy pork that is freshly shaved off of the skewer. They top it with cilantro, onion, and a creamy cilantro sauce, and also pineapple if you choose--it is heaven in your mouth...seriously! My boss shared the news about this place and I have taken my whole family now! The carne asada is really good too--a little on the spicy side, but still great. It has guacamole, onion, cilantro, and a red sauce. The best part is that you can taste the flame grill on the carne asada!I promise if you go to Tacos El Gordo, you will not regret it!!!!
5	This place is awesome! I'm from the bay area and I wish they had one of these places there because the spicy pork tacos are addictive!! The carne asada tacos are very good as well, probably the best I've ever had. Give it a try. You wont be disappointed.
5	Being Mexican I can only say is like being in one of those Mexican Taquerias downtown somewhere in Mexico; and yes only where the locals would go. So after almost twenty years in Vegas I can finally say I've eaten a good ass taco in the states!!....(excuse my french.)
5	I could have sworn that I reviewed this heavenly taco joint.  With that said, i must first retract my title for Los Tacos as the best tacos place in Vegas because has El Gordo has stolen it and tucked it away in a far far place.3 items that will have you mesmerized forever.....Spicy Pork, Beef Tongue, and Beef Head.The pork is amazingly juicy packed with flavor and sauces that'll make you go up and order 5 more.The beef tongue is super tender and soft and melts like butter.The beef head is naturally delicious with a strong beefy taste to it so beware if you're sensitive to smells.  The meat is extra soft as well.I usually always get tacos of the 3 but venturing out is definitely worth it.  Tostadas and Mulas are not bad options and if you've been here 2312932 times and always order tacos, these are the ones to try.
5	Great food!  Authentic tacos.  Get the spicy pork .... so gooood!?!
5	It's easy to fall in love with Tacos El Gordo... the smell of grilled carne asada as you walk from the parking lot to the door, the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, the amazing tacos... Yeah, I've fallen for this place just like many others have. Even though part of my heart still belongs to my first (taco) love, Los Parados. But, that place is long gone and I'm just glad I finally have El Gordo to fill the void.The adobada tacos ($2 ea.) are every bit as good as everyone says they are. The best part of the pork were the pieces carved from the exterior of the pork on a spit. They had an amazing crispy, charred edge to it that added to the transcendent flavor and texture combinations of the tacos.And, don't forget about the carne asada tacos ($2 ea.). They're some of the best I've had in town. The quality of the beef was outstanding. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the slimy green faux-guac sauce covering the meat. Next time I'll just have to get the tacos plain, with nothing but onions and cilantro.Everyone seems to love this place, as evidenced by the long lines that snaked through the restaurant during the peak lunch time. So, whether or not you love tacos or are a taco virgin, stop by Tacos El Gordo and you'll be enthralled too.
4	Authentic Mexican fast food! tt looks like it took over an old Wendy's from the architecture of the place. As soon as I saw that this place was packed with Mexicans, I knew this place had to be good. Right when you walk in, you see where you walk up an place your order. Everything is prepared on the spot, as efficiently as a Chipotle assembly line. You see the meats cooked right there in front of you so the aroma is mouth watering. Your first stop is the guy serving up adobada which he slices off a skewer and you see all of the juices running down.I ordered four different tacos: adobada, carne asada, lengua and cabeza for about $2 each. All of them were generously filled with meat, onions, cilantro and sauces. The corn tortillas are made fresh as is everything else. All of the meats were tender and flavorful but the standout star was adobada. I made the mistake of eating that first, and although all of the other tacos were good, they paled in comparison to the amazing adobada taco.I had the flan for dessert and it was good, not the best I've had but worth getting if you have a sweet tooth. I'm sad that this place is all the way on the other side of town. I won't be able to go to a Roberto's or Amigos Tacos without comparing them to the yummy goodness that is Tacos El Gordo!
4	This was the second time here , I can't believe I did not write a review thanks yelp for reminding me. We have had the carne asada tacos and the adobada sopes and carne asada fries            The soft taco's are great , we got them with everything on , some kind of avocado sauce , onions ,cilantro. The adobada sopes were also good it's a spicy shreded pork not very hot spicy but flavorful spicy . Sopes are corn disk that are soft about 3/4 inch thick. We got everything on them avocado sauce, cilantro and onions.             The carne asada fries are covered in the same avocado sauce with of course carne asada , they also have them with the adobada pork, We got the 1/2 order which is more then enough for two. Pretty neat place you order your food from the cooks , who make it right there and they also have grilled green onions and jalapenos that you can ask for , I think it was free.                         They also have different Mexican drinks at the soda fountain as well as regular sodas . Pretty good place to grab a meal or snack
5	OMG when I found out LV had a location I dropped to my knees! I've had this place in San Diego! My friends were all raving about the spicy pork. I was thinking.. come on how good can it really be. I drove to SD and had to try it for myself. Heavenly tacos being sliced up right in front of you. The pork is similiar to the vietnamese bbq pork that I eat at home. It's made with this awesome green sauce that's to die for. The corn tortillas are thrown on the grill and lightly cooked. You will not get tacos like this anywhere else. I recommend this place to everyone!Recommendation: Spicy pork tacos.
5	Best tacos ever! I am Mexican and from LA so I KNOW my tacos. Not even LA has better tacos. Their style is what I am used to eating while visiting family in TJ and Ensenada. The first time I tried these was while I was in San Diego and I have fallen in love with them ever since. The location here is a MUST GO anytime that I am in Vegas. They're a little pricey but let me tell you that they are worth every penny. My usual order consists of 3 Al Pastor tacos with everything, 2 tripa tacos extra crispy and some cebollas and chile. This location is one of the best since I have been to all of theirs. The location in Temecula, CA is the worse! Re-cap. You cannot get better al pastor tacos anywhere especially in LV. YOU MUST GO HERE!!!!
5	THIS IS FOR REAL!I am born and raised from San Diego, and one perk is we are so close to TJ, Mexico for delicous tacos. We have Tacos el gordo all over San Diego and it is AUTHENTIC taco stand tacos. Everything is finger licking GOOD! You pay a little bit more but trust me it's so worth it!ENJOY!
5	Mouth wateringly delicious! Went there with the fam at 3pm on a Sunday and it was completely packed- long lines and no empty seats- I soon figured out why. First! You must have the Carne Asada fries!! (A full one if you are hungry and half if your not; $10 well worth the price) they use the real deal carne asada topped with guacamole, cheese, sourcream and their tasty (spicy) green sauce!! Sencond, I highly reccommend Tacos de Pastor (or adobada as they are called at this location) the green sauce is to die for and Tacos de Cabeza! Cilantro-onions- red or green sauce- and guacamole.Third, You have to try their Horchata- perfect finish to the meal! A little sweeter than how it normally tastes but still very good.I was in total shock when I saw that they had BUCHE as not many places have this particular meat on the menu nor is it ever cooked right. I didnt get to try it cuz I was too busy stuffing my face with the Carne asada fries but trust me when I say just looking at it, you could tell it would be good! If I had to complain about anything, it would be that I wasnt to fond of the way they made the guacamole- it seemed thin and didnt have much flavor, kind of like paste :/ other than that- everthing else was perfect! **TAKE NOTE that there are three or four separate lines each for a different type of meat- Carne Asada-Pork-Pastor*** SO CHECK WITH A COOK OR WORKER BEFORE YOU GET IN LINE!!***
5	Tacos El Gordo changed my life.Ah, I'm just kidding (kind of). But I went here late on a Sunday night because I had taken my good friend from out of town to Double Down Saloon and afterward we were both having those late night, been out too long drinking pains. He said directly to me: "Take me somewhere that has crazy good, original Mexican food."I immediately thought of Tacos El Gordo and it's perfect because it is about a 5 minute drive from my house. When we got there it wasn't too busy so  we were able to go straight up and order. Note that when you order you go to different people because they are all slicing different kinds of meat.I went for the adobada, of course because I've seen all the great reviews of it. It was so good I ordered two, but then I went back and got another. The sauce on it has such a great taste and yes, you can get pineapples on it, but I do not like pineapples - so none for me!My friend branched out, got an adobada taco, carne asada taco, and an adobada quesadilla. He gave me a taste of the quesadilla and it was just as good as the tacos.I definitely will be back to try the other tacos. It's such an easy concept and for some reason I really like places that specialize in just a few things these days. It means they can really hone in on making something really delicious, rather than doing a bunch of mediocre stuff. It's just tacos here (and a few other things), but the TACOS are what you go for. I'm talking just real good tacos.
4	WHERE: Charleston & a little passed Maryland (toward the East).WHEN: I believe it's open until 3 or 4am. If you land there within that time frame, be sure to call them and ask beforehand! Please and thanks =).WHY: Tacos, tacos, and more TACOS!WHAT: While at work, my co-workers and I were talking about how hungry we were! One of my co's mentioned that she went with another co to a Mexican spot the other night, and also mentioned how delicious it was! I automatically hopped on that conversation and asked what this wonderful place could be!Then and there, I felt like I was deprived of life because I haven't really tried a real Mexican spot besides Roberto's Tacos (don't get me wrong, I love late night cravings and journeys to Roberto's, but I have found another spot to satisfy these random cravings). So, after all this talking, we decided to take ACTION and eat there after our shifts!This was a really different environment!! When I walked in with my co's, it was packed! There is an Order station where you order the types of taco's you would like. Tacos are 2 bucks each- totally worth it!I tried:Cabeza taco (beef head): First timer, but it was way good!Adobada taco (marinated pork): I have never had adobada anything, and I have come to find that adobada should be in EVERYTHING! lol.Asada taco (steak): I love carne asada, so this is a no-brainer! DELICIOUS!Adobada fries: I ordered a box to take to-go for my family! I had to take a bite out of it too, and it made me fall in love with Mexican food!I'd love to try other things! This taco shop is way FLAVORFUL, FUN, AND OPEN UNTIL 4AM! Ch ch check it out!
4	2 Asian girls and 1 white guy...that was my first thought walking into the door of tacos el gordo. I've never felt so out of place before, as we were the only non Mexicans there, but everyone was super nice. The adobada guy even offered us a sample slice. It reminded me a little of Korean spicy pork. I went with an adobada taco, carne asada taco and chorizo sope.There was an assembly line with the first woman making tortillas by hand. The adobada was everything the yelpers said it was! Spicy, a bit of crispy, and not much fat. I definitely want to get adobada fries next time. Carne asada was ok, but not my fav. It was thinly sliced vs chopped like most Mexican places. It was nice and tender with good flavor, which was ruined by the awful pasty guacamole it automatically was topped with. The guac was pretty damn bad. Chorizo sope was good, the least greasy chorizo I've ever had with  Mexican white cheese melted on top. The texture was almost like a good mozzarella. I've had better sopes, BUT I've also had worse :)Neighborhood was way sketchy, but Tacos el gordo was very clean, they had 2 ladies there just bussing the tables so there's quick turn over. Parking lot was well lit so I felt pretty safe there. It was great Mexican but I probably would only go back if I was in the general area. We got stuck in traffic for electric Daisy so it was over a half hour drive from my side of town.
4	So I was in Vegas for the weekend (Electric Daisy Carnival 2011)  and was hungry for some real GOOD mexican food like they have in TJ. So I yelped and found this place. It seemed to be raving with good reviews so I went there.I got one carne asada taco and one adobaba taco. Many of the reviews said the carne asada taco was flavorful and delicious when to my dismay....it wasn't THAT good as I thought it would be. The meat was bit different than it was over in TJ and it definitely was bland. The guacamole didn't help it at all so I was saddened.However the ADOBABA taco....WAS to die for! I loved every bite of it so much that I went back for a second one. Trust me, if you got adobaba tacos, you will not be disappointed. It's spicy and just perfect for your tastebuds.I was going to get the carne asada fries, but after trying the taco, I wasn't going to get it and besides it costs 10 dollars to get it. o_OJust get the adobaba tacos, do not miss out on this-I'll come back to this place when I'm in Vegas the next time!
4	I was not prepared for the assault on my senses when I walked into this place!  This place was crazy busy and apparently everyone was hungry.  I felt people were seriously throwing elbows.  The smells were overwhelming too, in a good way and it was freaking loud.   3 different lines, one for each meat.  I heard the guy in front of me order two kinds of meat from the adobada guy but when I tried he said NO!  Must be my face.Per the suggestion of Yelpers, I went with the adobada tacos (aka spicy pork) and a carne asada muala.  The muala was pretty good but the entire time I was eating it, I kept wishing I had ordered it with adobada.  Not that the carne asada was bad, it's just that the pork was unbelievably good!  I agree with Misti Y. that the peppers and onions added absolutely nothing to the meal. Skip them and fill up on the delicious spinning wheel o' pork.  This place is not convenient to much of anything but was definitely worth the haul.
5	Wow.  The pork adobado tacos are simply the shiznit.This place is right up there with the best tacos I've had ever in my long life of taco eating.  It's not like a regular pastor taco, cut a little thicker.  The meat is so tender and juicy and flavorful.  I couldn't get enough of that pork.  The carne asada was average at best but the puerco more than makes up for the beef's mediocrity.  They give you a creamy green sauce (avocado cream?  cilantro cream?)  and a righteous red sauce.  I can't imagine a better taco (til i open mine very own taqueria.  stay tuned for that).Great, fresh, delicate corn tortillas, meat, onion. cilantro, self-admistered sauces.  Great tacos.  Thank you, el gordo.  I love you...
2	Tacos El Gordo has several walk up windows, it's cafeteria style. They're known for adobada or spicy pork tacos. The pork is sliced off the rotisserie and topped with cilantro, onion, and a creamy cilantro guac sauce, and also pineapple if you'd like. They have carne asada, too, and more rare finds like tongue, head and tripe. All tacos are $2.The Adobada was good, but not spicy nor tasty enough to order a second.The Carne Asada earned no stars, the meat had an odd flavor almost musty and the runny guac helped it none.
5	Outstanding!  Well worth the trip downtown from the strip.Adobado and Chorizo tacos were great.  The process is a little confusing (different "stations" for different tacos), but everyone was very helpful and friendly - even for us gringos.I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This is exactly what I am looking for when I want tacos. I'm so glad I found it. Don't be afraid to eat the cabeza, if you had barbacoa before somewhere else this is what it is really supposed to taste like. I can't say enough about this place. I may be biased since I am stuck in the land of unauthentic mexican food but this place is the real deal.
5	The best kept secret of decent priced authentic Mexican food in Vegas. Order anything and your mouth willing be jazzing with delightness. Had to come back the next day because it's sooo good. Wait it long but worth it!
5	Yeah. This place is legit. When you're the only person in there who doesn't speak Spanish, you know you've come to the right place.Tacos, tacos, tacos. That's pretty much what they do. And it really doesn't get much better than this. I just needed a quick snack, so I went with a lengua and a tripa. I'm not entirely sure if I ended up with tripe, but it was delicious all the same.I've been meaning to try this place for quite some time. I noticed that a strip location has opened up recently, but I knew I had to check out the OG location first. Reading other reviews is definitely making me want to return for some more Taco Gordation.
5	Man, I love tacos. One day I decided that in order to find the best tacos in Las Vegas, I needed to eat at every highly-reviewed taco place in town. I started off at Los Tacos on Sahara, as it's closer to my side of town and consistently the best place to get delicious food. I love it there, but we're not talking about that right now...I finally made my way to Tacos El Gordo after hearing increasingly good reviews about this place. I'd love to tell you not to listen to the hype, but LISTEN TO THE HYPE! THIS PLACE IS GOOD!First of all, you should know this place is called Tacos El Gordo for a reason: it's pretty much just tacos. Don't come in here expecting a Taco Bell-like menu of made-up "Mexican" meals... nonsense! It's just tacos here, and great ones, at that! (It's not really "just tacos"... they have like three other things on the menu, but that's just because they're based on a taco-like construction)I come here and always order the same thing: "Hola, me puede dar cuatro tacos de asada?" Yes, I ask for four carne asada tacos, and I always have to talk myself out of getting 5 or 6 or 14. The tacos are amazing here. Plus, you can watch the lady make fresh tortillas right in front of you! It's awesome! It really just ups the ante here!Again, the food here is good, quick, and cheap ($2/taco). And it's extra cool because you can grab your food, then go up and pay for it after. It was confusing at first, but it works. My only gripe with this place? It's right next to the classic Los Tacos. I feel that Los Tacos has better carne asada, and their menu is a lot more varied, but it's in a different category. Los Tacos is a lot more bare-bones deliciousness, where Los Tacos. It isn't really a weakness as much as it highlights how basic this place is.
5	YES - this is a five star place.  Tacos el Gordo has perfected the "Taco Shop!"  I might even move over to the east side just to be closer...The place was packed with mexicans!  This is a no english establishment.  You can get by with just pointing and saying "si" or "dos" or "gracias."  In other words - the place is authentic!There is a cafeteria style ordering system.  Adobada, carne asada, something that looked like beef parts.  The cooks were slapping the tacos together as fast as you could snap your fingers!I had the adobado tacos and carne asada tacos.  Adaboda - other than the pork and pineapple I have no idea what went on my taco but it was MUY BUENO! Same with the carne asada tacos - ME Gusto Mucho!The service was fast and friendly.The place was very clean - especially for how busy it was.It was worth the 20 minute drive.
4	the food was pretty good.. but the most outstanding thing i found about this place was the cleanliness.. wow everything was sparkling and spotless which makes your meal go down better.. the staff was tiding up the whole time i was there.. thank you
5	Warning: You first visit will be confusing if you aren't prepared. Three different lines to order depending on what your ordering. Word of advice, just head towards the Adobada, the spicy pork sitting on the spit, so delicious! The carne asada was good but i've had better, next time i will try the chorizo.
5	yummy yummy and more yummy...probably the best mexican food i've ever had...i would recommend everyone who loves mexican definitely check this place out...from a quck glance it seems like any other fast food place but as soon as you taste it it's a different story altogether...it almost has a gourmet flair to it.  I will be coming here again very soon!!!
5	2 Adobada, 1 Asada taco. Asada taco was very good and the Adobada were excellent. I would recommend if you are in the area. Have some other items on the menu that look worth the visit as well.
5	My shortest review to date:  Mmmmm...GO THERE NOW.Now excuse me while I figure out how to get away from work so that I can go there now...
4	First time at this place, great concept great flavor on the food, and good salsas. Over all a good taco place a definitely must try for me a definitely come back. Sesos ,tripa and al pastor the bomb
5	Just found out they not only have another location in Chula Vista, but in Lake Elsinore! Why didn't you guys TELL ME!?!
5	The million other reviews for this place sum it up nicely: Tacos El Gordo is awesomely delicious.As prior reviewers have said, the superstar is the adobada.  The adobada line is the closest to the door and always the longest for a reason -- it's a flavor explosion.  Just make sure you ask for the pineapple and everything on it, those little additions just put it over the top.My other faves are the carne asada, suadero, and lengua.  If you're in the mood for lengua, I'd suggest refraining from ordering the other tacos.  The simplicity of the flavors in the lengua taco -- complimented with just a sprinkling of cilantro and onions--might get overwhelmed if you flank it with an adobada which has a lot going on. The price for this place is also phenomenal.  I'm always stuffed after two tacos, which are $2 a piece, for a grand total of $4.00 plus tax.  My mouth is watering just typing this review...maybe I'll head out there for lunch...
5	Omg!!!! The best tacos de cabeza!!!!! And hecka cheap!!!!! Service is great!!!! I love tacos el gordo! Open one in northern calif like napa valley to b exact!!!!
5	There's a rumor that you can ONLY get legit Mexican food closer to San Diego or ONLY in Mexico. Tacos El Gordo puts this rumor six feet under with it's authentic Mexican flavor and great customer appreciation! Advertised as coming straight from Tijuana, it's no wonder that Tacos El Gordo or "The Fat Taco" in English, is a taco above the rest!Upon walking in, the amorous fragrance of the spices grab your nose and the various meats cooking make your mouth water like an infant drooling! Yes, it's just like that! My favorite spectacle of the restaurant is the BBQ spit that holds the fresh al pastor meat (marinated spicy pork)! I suggest the al pastor mula with everything (cilantro, onions, salsa, and avocado salsa) and suadero (marinated beef) tacos with everything! Make sure you don't forget the FREE grilled peppers and green onions at the end of the ordering line :)Grab your limes, pay, and ask the cashier if you'd like some salsa. If you choose to get a fountain drink, I suggest getting a cup full of some refreshing orange bang (whipped orange drink that tastes like an orange creamsicle) and brace yourself for some filling, satisfying, flavor packed, and the most authentic Mexican grub this side of the border! Writing this review triggered my craving so I'm actually on my way to fulfill myself!WARNING: This reviewer and his reviews are not responsible for addictions to great food! You've been warned!You're welcome :)
4	The worst part of moving from sd to Vegas was the lack of bomb mexi food.thank god tacos el Gordo followed me out here. I can continue to get gordo
3	This place by far has the best tasting carne asada. The actual meat better than Pepe's, my mistress and Roberto's my love. That said, it's a little pricey (minus one star). $2.00 for a taco? Not too bad. $4.00 for a taco sized quesadilla with only one tortilla??? Ouch! It's good food though, minus the guacamole. It's disgusting and I am a guacamole lover. Try it on the side?They do have a variety of different meats. I've tried the spicy pork, which I think they are famous for, and the carne asada but they have a bunch of other stuff. The spicy pork is SPICY, but different in a good way? I'd try it once, and go from there.I like the vibe of the place and it feels super authentic. Definitely try it!
2	Ok. I really, really wanted to love this place. TJ style tacos? Yeah, my mouth started watering preemptively...but it was not to be.I tried both the adobada and the carne asada tacos. The adobada meat was not very flavorful and none of my meat had even a hint of crispiness. The avocado sauce they put on top is tasty, but not enough to make the taco great.The carne asada tacos were alright. They did not put an actual salsa on them and that would have helped a lot in my opinion. The guacamole was a nice touch. This taco also had a bit of mystery meat in it.My husband also tried the cabeza and lengua tacos. He found them to be very flavorless.They do give you grilled onions and chiles and they do make their own tortillas, but the tacos are still very overrated. Maybe we came on a bad day and at a bad time, but still, we've had better tacos.Also, the line system can be confusing. Basically, you order different tacos at each of the stations.
3	the spicy pork taco is delicious
5	Holy moly Batman these tacos were off the chain!!!! As a kid i spent a lot of time visiting TJ, and always filled up on tacos.  I would never expect to find them in nevada, so far from the boarder. But this place brougt back all those memories with one bite of a taco adobado.  The tortilla tasted freshly made, the meat was perfect, and the sauce topped it of!!!
5	The Bomb, Bomb, Bomb Diggity!  This place has the absolute best tacos I have ever had.  I'm from Chicago and I thought we had some pretty awesome Mexican food there.  After trying Los Gordos in Las Vegas, the tacos here in Chicago just don't measure up.  Freshly made tortillas are amazing.  The adobada is to die for.  Carne Asada is good.  If you're looking to try something different, try the Cabeza (so tender and delicious) or the Suadero (slow cooked Beef shoulder).  They give you grilled green onions and peppers with every order, which is a huge delicious plus.  I can't wait to be in Vegas again for these tacos!
5	This place is the best!  Excellent spicy pork tacos, the quesadillas are very good.  I love that they give you the grilled peppers.  Very authentic food, so amazing, my husband makes me go once a month at least!
5	Oh man. This place is delicious. The first station is pork rotating on a big spit w pineapple cooking above it. Get the pork taco and don't forget the pineapple. Then move on to the steak station and get everything on them. They also have tripe which I passed on. All the meats were tender and packed. I love Carne asada fries but me and Warren got pork fries fully loaded. A medium is big enough for two people to split. Nom nom nom. And they have roasted peppers which aren't hot but mild and delicious.  The employees are all friendly helping you along if you've never been there before.And they have orange whip. The place can get packed depending on the time you go. And prepare to get messy. Nom nom nom
5	Yes! So good. Totally worth it!
5	BOOOMB ASS TACOS!!!!! Great flavor, haven't had some good real mexican tacos like these on a long time!
4	This ain't Taco HELL (play on Taco Bell, if u didn't get that one?)!!!Like Tacos Mexico, I really like their intestine tacos =) YUM.Don't judge the deep fried goodness that is intestines....all things fried are delicious.Just something bout eating it with fresh veggies and salsa. I can't get enough of it but, it's soooooo far from what I'm used to driving. Which is prolly why I crave it all the time...
4	I've been there twice since I've bookmarked it.I really like it, even though I don't understand them and they don't understand me. Despite the communication issues (they speak Spanish, I English), the food I order is good and fresh!I like the ordering process. You go and order your food from the front counter, where they have different people making carne, pork and other types of tacos, sopas and tostadas. You shimmie your way to the different sections to order the type of meat you want. I just point at what looks good and tell them I want everything on it. It usually turns out good for me, except for the fried  cow-guts taco I got. It looked like a tasty type of meat, but was a little fatty and too chewy for me!I'll definetly go back for more. Perhaps once with a translator so I finally know what I'm ordering!
5	If you find yourself in this parking lot and are starring down both Los Tacos and Tacos El Gordo..go to Tacos El Gordo.  Don't let the fact that Spanish is the predominate language spoken discourage you.  Don't let the fact that this doesn't look like Robertos or Taco Bell freak you out.  This place has the best taco I have ever had.  They have this gigantic spicy pork mountain that they carve stuff out of and it really and truly is like a Hispanic cloud of bliss which flies forth and brings taco happiness to everyone.  Again I emphasize that this is a very very ethnic place so don't go here if you expect tex-mex or Americanized Mexican food.  If you really truly want to try something Mexican though, go here.  It...is....awesome.
5	**Summary**       - Tacos - The Adobada and Lengua are two must haves. After that, as long as you steer clear from the Tripa and Sesos, everything else is pretty good.       - Ordering - You grab a tray and you go up to one of the three guys and order your tacos. Adobada is on the right. Carne Asada is on the left. Most of the other ones are in the middle.       - Neighborhood - This place isn't in the greatest neighborhood. However, there are mostly families in there and it's well lit so you should be fine.**Ordered**       - $2 Taco De Adobada (Spicy Pork) - The greatest taco I've ever had. It's cut from a giant rotating pork wheel. Genius (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CiYLq33nAyghFkUR15pP-Q?select=KTg0vlPNZqaZC4m7oh1nKw).       - $2 Taco De Lengua (Beef Tounge) - It tastes like very tender beef. It's delicious and a must try.       - $2 Taco De Asada (Carne Asada) - It's good carne asada, but there are definitely other things to try.       - $2 Taco De Buche (Pork) - Tender, but not as good as the adobada.       - $2 Taco De Cabeza (Cow Head) - It's just like regular beef.       - $2 Taco De Tripa (Cow Intestines) - I was expecting tripe like in pho but got intestines. I found out that tripa didn't translate into tripe when I got home. Regardless, I didn't finish this taco.       - $2 Taco De Sesos (Cow Brains) - This was also a miss for me.        - $10 Adobada Fries - Best in a group. Skinny fries covered with adobada meat, cheese, guac, and mayo. It's delicious but will also slow your insides down for the next couple hours (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CiYLq33nAyghFkUR15pP-Q?select=h3ntc5q93sgsWcQUOofnZQ).**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place. I'm not a fan of Mexican food, but this little taco stand has turned me around.
5	Hands down, best tacos in town. Okay, it's possible that I'm biased as I'm from south San Diego and love Tijuana style tacos. They'e the smaller "street" tacos, but in my opinion, are made the way tacos are meant to be eaten.   Because the tacos are smaller, it's advisable to order at least three -- or more if you're a hearty eater.  I, of course, recommend the carne asada tacos.  The pork adobada is also really good.  Also, try the mula; it's quesadilla meets taco.  I'm not quite sure why the carne asada french fries are $10.  In San Diego, carne asada french fries are $5, tops.  However, if you're feeling like a baller, the french fries are also an excellent option.  The place is very casual (read: not fancy), but authentic as it comes in Vegas.  In short, it's well worth trying.
4	For a more mature palette, stay away from Del Taco and Taco Bell and visit Tacos el Gordo, because let's face it; unless you're high or a 16 year old girl with a eating disorder there's no reason for you to bear the burden of 79 cent chulupas. Make the trip; you won't be disappointed. Try the brains, intestines, or head. And if you're upset that they are priced at 2$ a piece, I'm sure you'll find Taco Bell a more suitable establishment... Just don't forget to have you're girlfriend hold you're hair back when you purge yourself behind the dumpster in the parking lot.
5	I have two regrets: not coming to Tacos El Gordo until today.And finally coming to Tacos El Gordo. Why the latter, you ask? Because these tacos are dangerously craveable and I give myself a maximum of two days before I have a craving for tacos that can only be met by Tacos El Gordo.I've been to Los Tacos next door and while I nearly lost my mind over their delicious tacos, I'm not really sure I can make a comparison between the two because they're two different kind of taco establishments. Tacos El Gordo is straight up street tacos-small and packed with amazing flavor. At only $2 each you're really getting your money's worth quality-wise.I got the adobada (with pineapple) and carne asada tacos and while both were tasty, I think I prefer the carne asada because it was hands down the best carne asada I've ever had. The meat was SO tender and chopped perfectly so you didn't have these awkward bites with bit chunks of non-bite size meat hanging around. The adobada had great flavor and wasn't as spicy as I anticipated (however I pour hot sauce on everything, so my taste buds are primed for fire). I absolutely recommend getting it with the pineapple! It totally adds this unique flavor and they serve just enough with the taco to give it this perfect balance of sweet and savory-I've never had anything like it!These are street tacos, so for the average overeating American, they are small, but I felt satisfied off of three, but out of pure greed could've eaten three more. The staff was nice and helpful and it's nice to be able to see your taco assembled from start to finish.If you're worried about the neighborhood, don't be. I had the same experience as another viewer-the place was packed with families and it's very well lit. This place is definitely worth a visit, but beware, when your next taco craving strikes, you won't want to go anywhere else!
4	I always get the spicy pork quesadilla and the fries, which as a half order, is still enough to feed two people. The peppers are so good too.
5	Yummy in my tummy.  Enough said.  Tacos El Gordo es muy bueno.  I wished I payed more attention in Spanish class because I could not understand most of what the cooks were saying to me.   I had only a vague idea of what I was ordering and got confused where I was supposed to order from.  But, where's the fun if there is no element of surprise.   I had the mula (sp?) which was the best!  The orange bang was awesome too.  They had horchata on the soda line but the orange bang was much better.  I wish there were a Tacos El Gordo where I lived.
5	Best Tacos EVER.  I swear there must have been every part of every animal available.  Usually taqueria tacos don't fill me up so much, but 6 of these beauties and I was done.  I had a little carne asada, cabeza, lingua, tripa, and pork adobada that has been roasting along side pineapple.  Every one of these tacos were delicious, bountiful, and better than any tacos I've eaten before.  Not to mention their beverage bar is awesome.  They serve a variety of Mexican drinks and soda, and it's free refills.  A place like this you would expect to be a dirty hole in the wall that you would have to get into through a secret passage and a password, but it's quite the opposite and very clean.  They have two old ladies sweeping the floors and clearing tables around the clock.  As soon as I was done she took my tray for me.  Great service great food, what more can you ask for?
5	BELIEVE THE HYPEI have lived in San Diego and visited Mexico multiple times. If you are looking for good, authentic mexican street eats, Tacos El Gordo is the spot. Whether you are a tourist or local, you have to visit this place at least once when in the area. Located next to the Encore, there is free parking either at the Encore on in their parking lot (I visited at 1am, so parking was abundant, but the lot is on the small side).What I ordered (you can ref pic in gallery):- Taco Asada (Beef) $2- Taco Adobada (Spicy Pork) $2- Taco Lengua (Beef Tounge) $2- Mula Lengua (Quesadilla) $4 *Flour tortilla, but can get corn- Fountain Drink (Orange Bang) Free refills $1I ordered all items with everything, as I wanted to try them as they should be. At first, the portions seem on the small side, but let me tell you, they are generous with the meat and it is filling.Each item prepared fresh before your eyes. Service was friendly and very helpful seeing as it was my first time there, and spoke enough english to get the point accross. Establishment was very clean. All the meat was chopped evenly and tender. The various toppings complimented the corresponding meats perfectly. The flavors blending together were magical. If I hadn't just lost 95 pounds, I would have ordered another round of tacos, or three, and a few more mulas. Should have probably used a fork and knife for the mula, but it was 1am, was oozing cheesy goodness, and was ripe for consumption so I folded in half like a giant taco and went to work on it. I'm craving one right this moment.Whether it is lunch, dinner, or a late night hunger fix, you need to go to Tacos El Gordo if you are anywhere near one. Highly recommended.
4	A long overdue return visit to El Gordo. Went post MNF / drinking at a local tavern - the perfect reason to get a plateful of tacos ! At first, didn't recognize the place - the store lay out basically flip flopped ! That didn't affect the enjoyment of some asada tacos, linguica, pork, etc. it was ALL GOOD ! why can't you be on the westside ,El Gordo, Why ?!?
5	Its been too long since I've had Carne Asada and I'm so glad that this place filled that dying need! Flashbacks of roadtrips to TJ/Baja Cali!! Came here during lunch time and place was filled (not one table available and they had plenty). Hey, must be a good sign!*Ordering Food was Different Here - There were different lines for like different vendors.. Facing the counter - For example: Left side for the chili peppers, Right of that for Carne Asada and  on the Far Right for the Adobada (spicy pork). They have little pails/tip jars on top of the counter that had labels on them that displayed what each station served. Interesting concept..Carne Asada (steak) tacos: I have been down south numerous times in the past and have had the chance to try some street vendor tacos and this had similarity.. Probably better.. They did serve them on homemade corn tortillas (you can ask for flour if you please) and the typical cilantro, tomato and onions plus guacamole. The steak had its own unique flavor (much different from Robertos), tender and the tortilla just sealed the deal! Adobada (spicy pork) tacos: This was a first for me, and won't be the last.. This staton had the longest line for a tasty reason! They shave off the meat from a vertical Rotisserie (like Shawarma), same toppings as the asada except instead of the guac they add this light green sauce. The pork was dark in red in color, super soft, had an unfamiliar yet delicious flavor and the creamy green sauce was the Star of the taco! Another spoonful of the Salsa Verde, Por Favor!  Yellow & Green Chili peppers and Green Onion Strands: I had a bite of each with just about every bite of the tacos.. Delish!And Now for the Highlight of the Meal and the Rest of my day - 2 Words: ORANGE BANG!!!!!I've been searching for this Drink for the last 5 years here in Vegas and the search has finally come to an end! Yeeessss! I grew up drinking this and can't live without it! If you like "Orange Julius" orange blend fruit drink then you Should Fall In Love with this whipped, creamy, dreamy orange beverage.. I must of Drank a couple liters of this stuff!!Dining in, Felt like I was in a clean restaurant in Mexico, Staff were all Extra Friendly, Quick and seemed happy to work there, Food was Excellent (some of the Best tacos I've had here in Vegas), but the tacos do come small so you may want to load up a bit.... Or A Lot!
5	Decent price for GREAT street tacos; Authentic.
4	Damn. Did I wake up in Tijuana? It doesn't get more authentic than this. I found this spot by walking to Los Tacos and noticed that it looked a little busier than usual so looking around I spotted this place about 30 feet away so I decided to head over there. As I walk towards the entrance I have a young kid trying to sell me bracelets that I see in Tijuana, okay check. I walk in to the restaurant blaring mariachi music - check. The guys behind the meat speak to me in nothing but Spanish - check. That red pork or whatever meat it is, on the right closest to the door with that green creamy sauce had me speaking Spanish in 3 seconds flat. Damn, good.
5	Went here based on reviews and was not disappointed. Delicious burritos and tacos. Carne Asada is juicy and tender and the guacamole is super fresh. Used the drive thru and the man at the window randomly gave us fresh juices squeezed from real fruit...delish! Would definitely recommend to anyone in the mood for good food and matching service.
5	Unfortunatly I'm addicted to this place :-( It's cheap, it's very filling and delicious. A small order of asada fries are only 5 bucks and we were unable to finish ( we did have two tacos before).The adobada stands out... Have it with fries ( LOADED with cheese, sour cream, guacamole, PINEAPPLE) or in tacos, quesadillas, or mulas. Either way you can't go wrong with adobada.Asada was the second best although I didn't enjoy the pico de gallo, it was weird on a taco, I usual have that with chips.....  I was not too fond of the greenish running guac salsa? Although everyone seemed to love it.  The chorizo was too dry and over cooked, although I might not be used to type ( seasoning) of chorizo.They have a soda fountain so you can get as many refills they also have Mexican drinks such as horchata, jamaica and pineapple juices also unlimited fills and self serve. They have a lime and radishes bar but no salsas .. Which I thought was different. This place is more like caferia style dinning which was a hassle, being there for the first time and not knowing how to order sucked but I totally got over that since we were there the very next day.As far as the location, it's not a really nice area nor is it fancy, It's open late but it's always full of people. If after 1am ur going to run into a lot of clubbers.. Most not sober. During the day this place if full of families. I'm am contemplating going there right NOW!
4	After hearing Vince L saying that after eating the tacos from Tacos El Gordo, tacos elsewhere is no longer the same, my bf and I made a visit for lunch on a Friday afternoon. When we arrived, there were so many people there and we were a bit confused with the ordering.  The tiny paper that were taped to the bucket at each station was a bit hard to see at the chaotic time.  I went to a line to order the cabeza taco and the person behind the counter directed me to a different line, then I was like OMG, I totally didn't see that each line is for different items.  Then after we received our 3 cabeza, 2 lengua, and 2 tripa tacos, we head over to a different counter to order drinks and to pay.  I asked if the horchata was freshly made and she said yes...THAT is not true because it came out of the fountain and it doesn't taste homemade.  I then opted for the orange bang.Right around where the drink fountain is where we found limes, turnips and other condiments.The food was really authentic and yummy.  I will definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
4	It's cheap and delicious! The tocos are huge with tons of toppings. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	The tacos are good, but like ever other review on here it is a little expense. I paid $11 for 4 tacos! Its a good place to eat but the prices still kinda kill it for me. I'm still coming here to eat just not as much.
5	very good food .. wow   muy buena comida
5	After hearing so many good reviews about this place I decided to make a trip towards downtown and check out these tacos. This place is a Tijuana based chain so I knew this place was going to be authentic. As you first walk in you immediately see the boiling baths of meat and the rotating pork stack for the tacos al pastor. This place reminded me of my early days of partying in Tijuana and finding taco vendors on the street.  The ordering system was a little confusing but the guys behind the counter were helpful to clear up the confusion. Each station has designated meats to choose from so you line up behind the station of your choice of meat. Me being the adventurous eater we decided on three meats, Cabeza (cow head), Lengua (cow tongue), and Tripas (tripe). Each taco is served on freshly made corn tortillas with cilantro, onions and salsa. The cabeza and the legua were cooked to perfection, so tender they melt in your mouth. My favorite was the Tripas which were deep fried which gave it a rich fatty taste. MMMMMM soooo goooood!! I had a total of four tacos but could of went for more. Tacos El Gordo is one of the best taco spots here in Vegas. So if you ever find yourself downtown or looking for some good grub after a late night of drinking head over to Tacos El Gordo for some authentic Mexican street tacos.
4	This place is located all the way East of Charleston cross street is Bruce. Tacos El Gordo Only serves one dish and that's TACOS. This place is like the Inn & Out of Tacos. The place is  packed so expect a lot of noise. I would recommend the ADOBADA to anyone new to this place, and then expand from  there. There are exotic cuts that I've tried for the adobada is still the best. Cheap and Delicious is always a good combo in my book.
5	Best tacos in Vegas
3	My bro had been talking about this taqueria so we decided to attack it as a family! We ordered Al Pastor, Cabeza (head) and Asada. Our favorite were Al Pastor and they actually put pineapple on them! Excellent Salsas and good Horchata. We want to go back to try other stuff. You do get the TJ feeling in there!
4	My husband surprised my today by stopping in, I was a little reluctant, not having been here before and it looked like so many fast food taco stands in town, (my only experience was not so pleasant).  The place was bright and sunny, packed, very clean and there was a busy buz in the air.  He ordered, and I found a table, as they were going fast.  He brought our food back to our table on a tray, there were taco's, a couple of sopes and some french fries.  The tacos were carne asada and we got the adobada sopes.  They were freshly made, and spicy, good flavors, I love the fresh cilantro.  Now for the fries, it was smothered the carne asada and some creamy avocado sauce, onions, and cheese.  It was a good quick and fresh snack, very clean and I would go back to this place for sure.
4	It was really good, I want here to try the food out and like I expected it was amazing. The only problem is the carne adobada has lots of fat and grissle which was no bueno
4	I was a little bit peeved to note that they don't offer chicken as a meat option. Apparently, that's not authentic. However, I must say that I was quite impressed with what I got.  I decided to get only carne asada (and I don't see why anyone else wouldnt). The tacos are fairly priced, considering that they don't skimp on meat and do include guacamole with each one at no additional cost. I'm a man with a moderately respectable appetite (king burger and fries at Fatburger) and I was satisfied with 3 tacos at lunch time. They didn't stuff me by any means but I was full enough and my wallet wasn't too light either. The combination of the cilantro, lime, onions and house salsa was enough to satisfy my craving for real mexican tacos. If all you care about is tacos, this is the place for you.
4	The only reason why these delicious tacos are not getting 5 stars is because they are a bit over prices. They are, however, very good.
4	When planning my trip to Las Vegas I did my usual Yelp scoping of the local food options. As soon as I saw Tacos El Gordo, I knew I wanted to go. Immediately I described this place to my boyfriend as the Katz's Deli (http://www.yelp.com/biz/katzs-delicatessen-new-york) of taco shops.Just like Katz's, you get in line for the meat you want and watch as your food comes together. It is almost like dinner and a show. These guys are talented. Hand making fresh tortillas. Chopping and slicing meat. Tossing salsas and sauces onto the tacos. Those guys are good and they are fast!I tried the adobada and asada tacos. The adobada was beautiful on the spit. The meat is sliced off directly from the spit into the tortilla. The meat was succulent and flavorful. The salsas complemented the pork well. The tortillas were just slightly greasy and cooked from the flattop. The asada guy was busy flipping and chopping piles of asada. Flip flip, CHOP CHOP CHOP CHOP. The meat was thin and chopped well. It had a nice grill flavor too. This taco was topped with cilantro, onion, and a light green sauce. It was good but not as good as the adobada. The place was packed on a Sunday night. There are taco shops on every block on Charleston so clearly they are doing something right!
5	Best tacos I have ever consumed.  Ate there twice on my last Vegas trip.
5	"DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH" - That's what I have in mind when I first tried this place...and I KNEW I was RIGHT! (when my mouth was already filled with Carne Asada Fries)First timer? Don't be intimidated. If you don't know how to speak Spanish, I'm sure you won't even bother worrying about it since their menu is listed at the top and all you need to do is utter your best Latin impression lolIn my opinion, they got the best carne asada fries in the form of "Adobada Fries" found on their menu. They got the best authentic selection of Mexican food. You know its Mexican when El Gordos' parking has a small number of vacant spot than what Del Taco has on the other side lol.Their $2.00 plate is good too! I haven't tried their Quesadillas yet but I will after this review. I will update you how that turn out for me.
5	Authintic tacos and Carne Asada (Steak) fries, SO DELICIOUS! I love this place!!!!
4	No need to be scared. Read the menu, figure out what you want, and get in the designated lines to get your tacos. The idea of splitting the tacos into groups and getting people to order from a certain person is genius. Instead of one long line, the customer can bypass it and just get what they want before heading to the cashier to pay.Yet again we were the minority. I am beginning to enjoy this. When the menu does not tell me exactly what I am eating and the other patrons are of the ethnicity, the food must be A1. I came here with my sister and some of her co-workers. Since she is about to leave town, we have been knocking off her bookmarks in blocks. Today, it was time to get some tacos that have united the Yelp world. My fundamental Spanish was enough to understand that I wanted tongue and head meat filled corn tortillas. They are definitely the stand out of my meal. The meat was tender and melt in your mouth. No gaminess and all flavor. I could eat a tray full of these alone. Then my sister got the shaved meat and carne asada. The Adobada is just as good as everyone has made it out to be. With the shaved pineapple only makes it that much better. The steak taco was nothing spectacular and was my least favorite. I know now that it is all about the leftover proteins. If I stick to these, it would be a solid meal. Add a horchata to wash it all down and I have never been happier. Four tacos and a drink was only a little over $10.
4	5 stars for the SPICY PORK taco. 1 stars for the carne asada.Wow, the spicy pork taco is the best dish here.  It was definitely similar to some tacos I had in Ensenada! Good thing I read Nelson Q. and Misti Y.'s review before I got there because requesting pineapples was the best thing that happened to this taco. I also like the grilled jalepenos and grilled green onions. I'd say their hot sauce (both red and green) were tasty but I didn't need them for the spicy pork taco.On the other hand, the carne asada (beef) tacos and carne asada fries were a bust. The meat had a weird taste to it. I'm exaggerating but I felt like I could taste the cow, the soil it was farmed on, its dung, and maybe its odor when it was alive. The beef was also very fatty that I had to spit it out onto a napkin a few times. As for the carne asada fries, everything was good but the meat pretty much ruined it. Next time, I'm getting the adobada (spicy pork) fries.Service: The worker at the grill spit was very friendly and laughed at me when I said I wanted pineapples "tambien." The cashier girls were very efficient and they were fluent in English. While we were eating, one of the employees would come by and clean up our emptied plates which was helpful because the tables are way too small for the amount of food we got. This is officially my favorite Mexican spot in Vegas. It's worth the 20 minute drive from Henderson. I'm so happy!
5	Good tacos and an indirect marriage proposal - one of of which I expected from Tacos El Gordo, the other...not so much. But hey, it's this sort of charm and casual atmosphere that I love in a place.Having bookmarked this place for months, it took an entourage for me to have the guts to step in - of which, my brother, my friend, and two Spanish-speaking coworkers were all necessary. At first, I was a bit confused. But read the signs, get in line for whatever meat your stomach desires, and walk towards the counter. It's easy enough, especially when the guys making your tacos are some of the friendliest people (I may be biased after my coworker told me that one was smitten with me).My brother and I do what we do best: divide and conquer. I grabbed a carne asada and adobada taco while he grabbed cabeza and lengua. At two dollars a taco, these are  completely worth the inflated price - brimming with meat and topped with various sauces. Plus, the tortillas are housemade...that's impressive in it of itself. Add a cup of horchata and our total came out to about ten dollars. These tacos are, in short, legit. Our favorites were the cabeza and lengua, but to be honest, I couldn't really distinguish the two by either taste or texture. Tasty has no distinction in my book. The adobada was especially delicious with a slice of grilled pineapple (be sure to ask for it!). But the let down was the carne asada, which was too plain for our liking. If marriage to the adobada man means more delicious tacos at my convenience, I may consider it. In fact, since these are some of the best tacos in the Valley, I accept your offer sir!
5	Great, great tacos. I'm a big guy and I inhaled six tacos straight away. My wife is slim and petite. She also packed away six tacos and was looking for more. As you enter the restaurant you will notice three stations at the front counter. Each station has a tip jar(?) and on each jar is listed the types of tacos prepared at that station. We had lengua, tripas and cabeza tacos. All tender and succulent. Did I just use "succulent"? The horchata is from a powder mix. I can cope. The grilled peppers are fantastic alongside the tacos. Norteno/Banda music blaring. Stuffed bull heads mounted on the walls. Go with an open mind and a healthy appetite and have a good time. One of my coworkers asked if she needed a passport to travel to this part of town. Funny Anglo.
5	The menu is somewhat limited but what they do offer is excellent!
5	hands down the best real taco shop in vegas...pretty much exactly what I have had in mexico.adobada on the rotating spit, you cannot ask for more.
5	I dig a dive, or a hole in the wall. It's like finding buried treasure.  This is the pot o" gold at the end of the rainbow...$2 fabulous authentic tacos. Cheaper than a trip to Mexico. The perfect food to fuel a day of exploring the strip or an evening of dancing. Fast, friendly, fabulous!  I've just shared a Yelp secret.  Just between you and me...this is the bomb.
5	fast and friendly, I have tried other menu items but i keep returning for the adobada, I don't think you will ever find a better tasting taco... in this country at least.
5	Love this place! The spicy pork tacos are my favorite however, everything I've tried here (and I've had damn near everything twice) has been better than great.  the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.  No wonder there are so many great reviews for Tacos El Gordo.    it can get busy and it's frustrating waiting on a table when some folks want to take their time and not get the hell out but this by no means the fault of the restaurant, simply a testament to their success.
5	Great tacos.  Great carne asada fries.  Great adobada fries.  Probably the best taco shop I've been to since moving to Las Vegas.  Highly recommended
4	Great beef tacos but just be wary of what you order!  Buche (Stomach) and Tripe (Intestines) are not for me but some may enjoy them.
5	Sooooo good. The spicy pork fries always fill me up with just a half order, so if you'd rather not get messy with the tacos go for the fries. Oh, and don't forget to get the green peppers and onions!
5	This place is awesome, finally a taco place where my tastebuds can run wild
5	Best Taco place in Las Vegas... It is kinda hard to figure out the system is you don't speak/read spanish but once you figure out that every line serves a different meat you are good to go. They just serve Tacos and they are dang good. This is a no frills type of place but the tacos are to die for. You have to try the spicy pork it will change your life.
4	There was a lot of confusion upon walking in.  I'm not sure if anyone ever mentioned that in a review.  Not in one that I had read anyway.  I didn't know what line to get in, how to learn Spanish in one minute, or what I wanted from all of the delicious choices.  I ended up figuring it out and I have to say, this was the best Adobada I've ever had.  Not that I've had a lot of it but this takes the cake.  We also had the Chorizo and the Carne Asada fries.  The Chorizo was a little disappointing but after that Adobada with the Pineapple, it didn't really matter.  The service at this place is fast.  They know what they're doing at all of their prospective stations and it shows.  I have wanted to hit this place up for a long time and I finally convinced my wife on one of our Staff days at work.  The food is awesome!
5	This has to be hands down my favorite place to eat!!  It's always crowded and you have to wait in long lines but it's worth it. My first time ever trying lengua and I was a bit freaked out at first but it ended up being DELICIOUS!!  I love the green peppers and onions, they compliment all the food so well. Best tacos I have had so far, I love this place!!!!  Just wish it was closer to my house lol
5	Walked in by chance and was blown away.  The place was packed and the food was great.  I had a lengua, spicy pork and asada and all were some of the best i have ever had.
5	The rumor is still true. tacos are better closer to San Diego and Mexico. As I'm pretty sure, Tacos El Gordo started in Mexico, then opened in Cali, and then opened in Las Vegas. So you're welcome Las Vegas, you now have a piece of Mexi/Cali authentic Tacos El Gordo that is still amazingly delicious to enjoy.I've been to the one in Vegas and Chula Vista, as far as I can tell both are awesome.All you need to know is adobado tacos and adobado fries. friggggin bomb.
5	Tacos El Gordo , the best mexican tacos in Las Vegas. A plus if your visiting out of town and craving tacos and or quesadillas . My favorite are  the steak quesadillas with the homemade flor tortillas by the way they also have corn tortillas. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming . This place is always packed and a line out the door . It gets and deserves 5 stars. Keep up the good job
4	Carne asada taco's and adobada sopes with carne asada fries.  Long lines, order at one window pick up at another, and move onto another to pay.  Lots of people, crowded dinning room, be prepared to fight for a seat.  But the crowds move in and out quickly, so it usually works out.As for the food, I love this type of taco, small, bite size with an avocado sauce, and adding chopped onions, and cilantro.  The french fries are smothered in the same avocado sauce, cheese, sour cream and chopped onions and cilantro.  The small bite size pieces of carne asada are soft and has good flavor.  Love this for lunch, dinner or late evening treat.
3	The fries are different tasty!! But it's alright I've had better tacos next door to this place. The ordering aspect is too crazy it reminds me of lunch time in high school at the cafeteria noisy and rushed.
5	Hit Tacos El Gordo at 11:10 am - Just a few people in line - Score!  As it was my first time, I was a tad confused.  There are separate ordering lines depending on the type of taco.  I ordered the adobada taco in the first line  and the Cabeza taco in the second.  I tackled the Cabeza first.  The flavor was out of this world!  The adobada had just the right amount of spice.  The pork had a little crunch to it - perfection!  Two tacos were definitely not enough.  But by the time I figured that out - the place was crowded!   Will have to go back as I forgot to order pineapple with the adobada!  My friend got a side of charred peppers and scallions that I must order as well.  It is lunchtime yet?
3	Did not have a mind blowing experience this time around.I was really excited to introduce this place to the husband so we came for lunch. We ordered 6 tacos adobadas con pinas. Apparently some guy ordered a mula  (the workers call it "mulita" though)  but ended up not wanting it, so we got coaxed into ordering this mula because they offered us extra meat (ugh, I'm so easy sometimes). We bit into the tacos and the meat was flat. There was no tantalizing of the tastebuds. I was embarassed about my ravings. It was definitely their "off" day. Then we bit into the mulita and it was so salty! The saltiness was exacerbated by the cheese and the red sauce. It was simply messy dish and I would not order it again (even if they gave me extra meat, haha!) I noticed that a lot of other patrons had ordered mulitas and they were enjoying it. I think ours turned out to be bad because it was probably sitting out for more than 10 minutes. Ugh, why am I so easy sometimes!Anyway, I'm going to give El Gordo one more shot and hopefully this time around it'd be as excellent as my first experience.FYI: "Mulita" is used to describe these types of sandwiched tacos in the Northern States of Mexico, while they are known as Gringa in the Mexican south and are prepared using wheat flour tortillas. (Wikipedia)
5	Great place, Really enjoyed the food hear the place is packed but the Waite is well worth it. the food is so authentic and good for sure the best tacos in Vegas!  i am defiantly coming back and bringing the fam.
5	Ok,ok, I know from my profile it probably looks like I'm throwing 5 stars out at will but I promise you this place is a 6 star gem! There are two things I could eat everyday and as non-foodie as it may sound they happen to be Mexican food and NY style pizza. This place was hands down one of the best Mexican spots I have been too!The restaurant appears chain-ish at first glance and looks like nothing special. However, the charcoal smell looming over the parking lot is your first hint that you are in for the real deal.  The setup is order yourself, pay and eat; simple and perfect.  I apparently signed up for my own eating contest because I ordered 2 pork, 1 lengua, and 1 cow brain taco (don't know the Spanish term..I can hardly ask for agua), annnd split the carne asada fries - unbelievable!  The pork tacos were hands down the best I have ever had!!  They are shaved right from a slab of meat as the orders roll in so it appears in strips as oppose to the chunks/cubes or "flakes" as you may be use to.  Its appearance oddly reminded me of pork in a Chinese restaurant. The lengua was fresh, tender, and just right. The cow brains, don't judge me,  I was trying for the first time. I thought them to be more tender and even better than the lengua!!  One aspect of the tacos that made them so good were the toppings they are loaded with the best ingredients and "salsas" which only my pics can properly describe.The carne asada fries (also have pork option) were amazing! They are very similar to McDonald cut and tasting fries, which I secretly love, and the fresh cooked steak was nearly infused with smoke from the fresh charcoal grill it was cooked on. This is not a hoity-toity Mexican restaurant so keep that in mind when considering.  Most of the places I frequent that have the best Mexican you can get a few tacos and a pair of cowboy boots if you wanted.  They are hole in the wall places that dish up awesome food.  This is one of those places (minus the boots) and it is a must have if you are an authentic Mexican lover like myself.Enjoy!!Kent
5	My husband and I went here twice because it was soo close to our hotel and it was so cheap.  The first time, we shared an order of carne asada fries for $10.  I had no idea what to expect, but it sounded interesting.  It turned out to be exactly what it sounded like.... french fries covered in grated cheese, guacamole and carne asada.  They were good but not really what I was looking for in terms of spice.The second time we got the spicy pork tacos.  The pineapple on top was a nice touch.  They had great flavor and spice.  My husband got flour tortillas and I got corn.  We also learned to ask for peppers and onions on the side, which were free.  The people were friendly and helpful.
5	Are you f*kn serious the Spicy Pork tacos are absurd the best taco I have ever had.  Waited in line for 30 minutes but that was the Strip location on Saturday afternoon.
4	Thank you Yelp (and Misti Y) for helping the better half and I find this place.  I don't really know "Authentic" Mexican, but if this place isn't, they are the best fakers on earth.It was very busy at lunchtime, and we were certainly bumbling around trying to figure out what to order.  But we finally settled on the Tacos de Adobada.   They are rather small, so we each got 3.  I could have easily seen eating more if you were hungry, but we felt pretty satisfied.They have a huge rack of Pork complete with Pineapple dripping down onto it, and it is hand cut as well as the Tortillas are being hand made right before your eyes!I'm knocking off 1 star because for some reason we ended up with canned Diet Soda even though they have fountain Coke. Not sure why they did this to me, but I didn't notice it until it was too late.  Don't get duped.Otherwise, seriously this place is fantastic!
5	The grilled pineapple is a delicious addition to the adobada taco!
3	Ok I went based on yelp reviews. Interesting place tacos were very good but small don't let that cheap price fool you. Very casual.  For what it is I guess it is ok.  To me unexciting.
4	I will start off by saying that Tacos El Gordo is EXTREMELY clean for a mexican restaurant, and I say this with all my love for mexican restaurants and mexican food. Now that we got that out of the way, the tacos are pretty amazing.  I had the lengua (tongue) tacos, and I must say they were probably the best tongue tacos I have had by far, and I have had quite a few lengua tacos.  The tongue was prepared to the almost-perfect texture, and as my dining companion has described it, the tongue "was clean" - pure tongue meat. And, of course, the adobada tacos were also very delicious.  The grilled pineapple highlights the flavors of the meat and becomes a pleasant surprise in the mouth.  We also had the carne asada, which I thought was quite tasty; however, it was not spectacular.  One thing about Tacos El Gordo is that it is a bit pricey compared to its competition.  At $2.50 a pop for the lengua taco, it is definitely on the high-end side.  Then again, you get what you pay for!  Me gustan tacos!
4	Tacos adobadas. I mean Tacos a la badass!
5	Beyond the glitter and flash of the Las Vegas strip is a humble little taco joint tucked in an unassuming shopping center somewhere between Wynn, Encore and Ross.In terms of ambiance this place is definitely lacking -- there are no pinatas, mariachi bands, or oversized margarita glasses in sight.  But as soon as you step up to the order counter you will be treated to a feast for the eyes.  A giant slab of sizzling pork on a rotating skewer with a giant pineapple on top, it's juices slowly basting the meat to delicious perfection.Excuse me, I just drooled on my keyboard.  Back to my description -- after I placed an order for spicy pork tacos my order taker carefully sliced a few slabs of pork onto warm handmade corn tortillas topped off with fresh pico de gallo, crema fresca and a thin slice of grilled pineapple.It was truly the best taco I ever tasted and for only $2 I had lots of extra money to drop at the slot machines!
5	Excellent prices... Amazing food... Super clean... Open late. What more do you want? Had the adobada tacos. Soooo bomb.
5	Best Tacos in Vegas!! Can't believe I'm eating these tacos in this city! These tasty tacos seem like I'd be driving to California or Mexico for them. Pork Tacos are AMAZING! Especially with the avocado sauce and all the fresh fixins! Oh and if you like pineapple, ask for them on the pork tacos! You're Welcome!
5	This place is epic! I mean... they have seriously ruined street tacos for me forever. No where else I go will ever measure up to this place. I admit I only tried the spicy pork and head tacos, but both were excellent. Actually, the spicy pork ones were amazing as I had four of those and two head tacos. Plus, what really put this place over the top was they had Orange Bang and all the other Bang products on tap! On tap! Needless to say, I started to OD on the frothy orange goodness of it. All and all, I can't wait to go back as this place is not only amazing for their food and drinks, but service to.
5	This place is organized chaos. The tacos are some of the best in Vegas and that's all you should care about. All of the tacos are great but my favorite is the adobada tacos, which is 'spicy', not actually spicy, marinated pork. And consider yourself lucky if you get a slice of pineapple off the top of the grease spindle, the sweetness really helps the flavors pop. Since this place can be overwhelming at first my advice is to find the guy that's slicing the pork off the grease spindle and load up on adobada tacos. MAS MAS MAS!
3	Tacos El Gordo is a fine option. I wouldn't seek it out, however admiring I am of the ethic of a place that expands from Tijuana. I had lengua, cabeza, adobada and asada. Nothing jumped out as being anything better than good Mexican fast food. The asada was particularly uninspired. I suspect that that the meat is cut into small pieces before being marinaded and cooked. This method sacrifices juiciness and flavor.Of the remaining three, lengua was probably the best. It'd be nice to counter the fattiness with something more bracing. In any event, Tacos El Gordo was fine. I'd go back. It's just nowhere near the level you'd expect from the median review, and nowhere near the best I've had in NY, CA, or even Chicago.
2	If you like grease, check it out! They serve grease in all forms at this fine establishment -- glistening on the surface of shreds and slabs of quivering meats, whipped into a slime and drizzled atop grilled-flesh-covered french fries, plastered on walls and windows and employees' faces...you can even get your grease as a sort of lacquer coating on grilled onions and jalapenos! They serve ALL FOUR grease food groups here!If you're an unhealthful, grease-lapping fatass, you'll dig it. But if you're a fitness-obsessed health nut who happens to be drunk and stumbling down the street at 3am, you'll like it too... shamefully enough.The best thing here is the people watching. It's ALWAYS packed with an amazing assortment of Mexican families, couples, kids, chunties and cholos. Even at 3am, there are familias with little kids sitting around eating and laughing and bullshitting! Since I find the food so abhorrent, I prefer to do my watching from the street, looking through the giant plate-glass windows at the hordes of obese people shoving greasy strips of meat into their greasy pieholes. It's like watching the Mexican version of Caligula, without all the Penthouse Pets.On the plus side, the staff is VERY friendly, even to drunken gueras like me. But even that won't really get me to come back here...unless I happen to be stumblingly drunk and starving in the immediate vicinity. And I live right down the block....D'OH!
4	Very good tacos. You would think beef tounge is gross... but its melts in your mouth and has a strong beefy flavor. I highly suggest those. But really you cant go wrong. Nice service too.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet! How is that possible, this is one of my SPOTS! Its possibly the best place to get tacos in las vegas. Ask anyone! I've probably go 2-3 times a month to this place simply because its the best. No one ever says no to el gordo... it will thwart any good dieting intentions, melt away your convictions but leaving you with no regret. just sweet satisfactionIt doesn't matter if you're new to Mexican food you're going to love it here...I am from Canada and had no IDEA what real mexican food was like. Definitely not a lot of authentic places at that latitude. But I instantly loved this place, and you will too! I recommend you try the The tacos adobada  or adobada fries... with everything on it... but MAKE SURE you ask for them to put PINEAPPLE on it. seriously its a game changer and if you don't ask for it specifically you wont get it.  If you get the fries, you may want to share it with someone.. even the 1/2 size order at $5 is crazy huge and shareable. Also for something different to drink, try the orange whip fountain drink. Its a very rare drink to find in restaurants, so take advantage of it at El Gordo... it tastes like a creamsicle!
4	This is becoming a must do on each trip.  Once again we ordered a quartet of adobada (spicy pork) tacos topped with crema, cilantro, pineapple and onion.  I requested a complimentary side order of grilled peppers and scallions plus we shared a pina colada flavored soft drink.  The $10 face value of our KSHP certificate covered our lunch.
4	I had 1 carne asada taco, 1 flour quesadilla, and a horchata for ~8. - Great flavor! LEGIT. - Carne Asada has some fat on it.- Quesadilla is a little small, yet filling. Very cheesy. Comes with big peppers and green onions on the side. i loved the crispy tortilla on top.- Fast pace, slightly confusing for first-timers, well for me xD ^_____^
3	As a Mexican is my review the end all be all for a taco stand?  No, of course not, that's silly, my head is not THAT big.  But as a Mexican did I have higher expectations for this place?  Probably . . . yeah.  I may not love it as much as everyone else but by no means did I not like it.  Heck, if I had only tried the adobado (spicy pork) tacos I'd probably give it a five star.  While we're at it, the tripas (intestines) are pretty damn good as well and I definitely don't mind the tongue either.  What gets me though is the carne asada.  No matter how much toppings you have on your taco or whether you partake in those chiles, there's no escaping the fact that the meat is just pretty bland to me.  Every single time, whether in taco form or on top of the fries it just really doesn't do it for me.  And it's a huge disappointment because whenever I have tacos I always want one with carne asada.  While I'm complaining, the horchata has tasted pretty watered down to me whenever I had it, although the whipped orange is delicious.  This is an actual Mexican franchise and it should be commended for having body parts that turn the average person off.  Tongue, brains, intestines, you name it and they all range from good to great with the adobado being the star of this place.  The set up is a little weird for most people and thus causes everyone to think they have to start at the right side thus delaying my quest to get those delicious adobado tacos but once you get through the process is quick enough. If you're adventurous enough, come on down and try those tacos you'll never see at a Taco Bell.  If you're not, well then I'd still choose their carne asada tacos over what they have at Taco Bell.
5	Adobada tacos!!! Still the best!!!Rub that shit all over my body!!!
5	RUB IT!!!!!!!!!!
5	No hesitation. Five stars. All the way. This taco place has my heart. This taco joint is love. Tacos El Gordo, I can't hold it in anymore. I. Love. You. The adobado, also known as "spicy pork" & carne asada tacos on corn tortillas were magical. Granted, we are from Florida and aren't provided true mexican food very often -- but this place was on a whole different level of amazing. My husband and I were smiling during our whole visit to Tacos El Gordo because the food and service were impeccable. I'm glad we ventured away from "The Strip" for cheaper food. We got stuffed for $17.00 and it was one of our favorite parts of our trip to Vegas. Thanks so much for the amazing food. We will be back! We already miss the food. It truly is a shame that Florida doesn't have food this delicious.
4	This place is buzzing! You know is good when most of the customers are Hispanic. Seeing that big piece of adobada (spicy pork) on the rack when you walk in makes your mouth water. We got a sample of each, spicy beef, pork and beef on soft taco. All made to order with fresh ingredient, including the soft taco where they stamp them as needed. Don't forget to try the different meat such as the beef tongue, they looked good. They probably got some of the best tacos this side of Tijuana.
5	Two things I recommend:1.  Tacos Adobada 2.  Fries con AdobadaI love pork on my tacos and Tacos El Gordo does it right.  Adobada I guess is a relative to al pastor or is very similar hence my love for this place.  The adobada comes off a huge rotisserie, that they carve it off the rotating piece of meat and satay the carved meat.  The tacos adobadas are topped with this spicy green sauce and pineapples [if requested].  3-4 tacos are an adequate amount for a meal and a half order or french fries with adobada is a must.Service is excellent - Make sure you tip them!Best times to come - After lunch and before dinner otherwise it's a madhouse.
5	This is not a fancy place. Do not expect to come in and be wow-ed with charm or ambiance or anything other than what it is: delicious and authentic Mexican street tacos. I have had the tacos adobada and the carne asada tacos. Words cannot express how delicious the adobada tacos are. The description says "spicy pork" but I do not find the meat to be spicy at all. The pork comes off a huge piece of meat that is hung rotisserie style and then carved by hand onto a corn tortilla. This is topped with a green sauce and cilantro and pineapples (upon request). I don't know what is in this green sauce, but it is beyond delicious. I think the sauce and meat combination is out of this world. I really cannot up-talk it enough. The tacos are slightly small, so I suggest ordering at least three. You know a Mexican taco place is good when there are tons of Mexican people eating and working in the restaurant and Tacos El Gordo is no exception to that rule.
3	Great tacos, no complain about the food, just the people at the cashier are king of grumpy
4	I Yelped Best Mexican Food in Las Vegas, and ended up here. Lucky!!! I know remember this joint from Tijuana and I shall say that it is indeed a true and authentic Tijuana street taco. No way!! Not in the states, ok, cause I never, ever ran into a taco joint that makes "those" type of tacos. The tacos are all pretty much$ 2.00 a piece and there small and have that crazy guacamole like in Tijuana. They also will offer you grilled onions, grilled jalapenos and have a salsa bar off to the side at no charge. Cool. Plus they have free refills. But like I said, it's the same taco they sell in Tijuana so why change it right? The neighborhood it's in is kinda shady . FYI..... that's the star that's missing on my review. Go and eat some delicious tacos, it'll be worth it.
5	This place very easily deserves my 5 starsTheir Tacos de Adobada tasted like sex in my mouth. Yup... if you don't believe me try one and try saying it doesn't taste that good. OMG if you are on vacation or even live here you have got to come try some of their tacos. I'm honestly not much of a taco guy. I usually stick to my burritos but I ordered 2 Adobada (spicy pork) tacos, 1 Lengua (tongue) , 1 Asada (beef ) and it more than filled me up. What makes this place special is their Tacos de AdobadaI know alot of places don't have this and thats why its awesome. Here is a tip though. It is confusing if it is your first time to order food here. You go up the counter to order what kind of meat you want with 4 or 5 people working behind the counter based on the meat of choice. Go all the way right say two Adobada tacos. The guy tacos up  right there and hands it to you. I asked for three types of tacos and he pointed down the line after I got the Adobada and so i moved to the next meat lady.
5	So many delicious choices, and so cheap! I love the system they have... order all your food from the cook, wait seconds while they prepare your taco at lightning speed, then pay at a different station. That's some Mexican efficiency right there.My favorite, by far, was the lengua taco. The lengua was so tender and so very delicious. Can't go wrong with a whole tray full of lengua tacos and a jamaica to wash it down.The suadero tacos was a bit on the dry side, so not that good. I also tried the pork stomach (I forget the name they had on the menu)... it was soft and tripey, if you like that kind of texture, but the flavor wasn't very strong.4 to 5 tacos is enough for a whole meal, and with all the different meat choices, works well to give you a good variety. Next time, I'll definitely try the asada fries and the chorizo taco (the chorizo taco menu item is easy to miss).
4	Okay, I hate to do it... but I have to bump Tacos El Gordo down a notch.  There are several reasons for this abrupt, unexpected change.  Notice that this is still a four-star establishment - I still love my beloved Tacos El Gordo - but now I have a few caveats.1)The last two times I visited, there were men walking around the restaurant and trying to sell bootleg copies of new movie releases.  Beyond being illegal, it was just annoying.  They wouldn't take no for an answer and kept shoving copies of the movie Ted in my face while I was trying to eat.  I think it's pretty incredible that this goes on and no one seems to put a stop to it.2)Once in a while, the meat in my tacos is downright cold.  From time to time, I get a taco that tastes just a bit funky and lukewarm.  Pretty unappetizing.3)I'm beginning to agree with other posters (like Misti Y.).... the absence of rice and beans is very depressing.  Sometimes I get sick of just eating taco after taco.  And no, I really don't feel like eating gloppy fries with my tacos.  RICE AND BEANS!  That's what I want!4)Los Tacos.  Los Tacos has ruined this place for me a bit.  To me, nothing can compare to my beloved LT.  Nothing.  Sorry, Tacos El Gordo.
5	Moments after landing I was whisked away by my cousin and his words are ... I know I am going to take you to some very fancy places to eat while your here, but the first place we have to stop to is this taco place. He was very right we had the spicy pork tacos with the fried peppers and green onions on the side. This was the perfect start to my trip to Vegas. I also loved the horchata (the rice milk drink) and it was the best I ever had. If your going to Las Vegas I would make sure to give this place a try.
4	Reminds me of the oh so delicious tacos in Mexico near the border.. corn tortillas with the best al pastor and their specialty green sauce.. 2$ per taco. -Has a crazy long line which is split up into carne asada line, al pastor, line and every other meats line.
5	by far THE BEST tacos i've ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i first tried tacos el gordo in san diego and i was relieved to find out that it was just the same at this location!!! tacos with al pastor! MMM MMM MMM DELISH :) oh! and also try their tostadas!!warning: this place can get extremely crowded and it doesnt help that this place is freaggin small! there are different lines for different tacos and the cashier is on the opposite side of the room...its an awkward set up for sure but bare with it because it's really worth it :)
4	If this review was based solely on their food then they would get 5 stars easily. Their tacos are the only items I have had here and I must say they are delish! The meat is very succulent, the tortilla is just right, and the sauces are not too in your face if you know what I mean. The cooks work very hard and prepare your food right in front of you which is a huge plus, so tip them if you can afford it. The problem is the area, it's extremely hot, it feels like you're on the surface of planet mercury and the air conditioning in the joint is inadequate. I saw the poor cooks sweating balls, the owner should provide additional air conditioning units for them. Other than all that this place is really good, if you happen to be in the Las Vegas area please give this place a try.
5	BEST TACO'S YOU WILL EVER EAT:Call us Taco connoisseurs, if you will. We know how to find the best tacos anywhere and have had them everywhere form the boarder to the middle of Nebraska but if they have them, we will find them. At Tacos El Gordo we found them indeed!This place has two dollar tacos which is a price hard to beat anywhere on the strip. They are expanding their store so you MIGHT not have to stand outside, but with as busy as this place is, you probably will have to for a short time. They serve ALL kinds of delicious tacos ranging from if you are brave or just want the amazing NOT average taco. By that I mean you can have the cow brain or carne asada (beef) and anything in between. They add a slice of pineapple to it which seriously makes the tacos out of this world and your meal would not be complete without horchata served perfectly cold to you. On the side is fried onions and peppers and add their avocado sauce to anything and everything! Also, many times the best Mexican food must be found in, forgive me, more ghetto looking areas so you know it is legit or out of a taco truck. Here, it is so clean and they serve things so well! I don't care what kind of food you love or where you generally like to eat, this is a MUST for you to try. Get your radishes, limes and napkins and get in line!
5	Not the classiest joint in town, but certainly the best street tacos you will find, love the spicy pork!
5	This is by far the best place to eat tacos! They are delicious and by far the best in America. We drove all the way from Washington State to try these tacos- NO JOKE (and also visit Vegas) This was the highlight of my trip, and I hope to visit again very soon. Oh and the Tacos de lengua were totally out of this world- AMAZING!
5	Thank You Yelpers for helping me find this place. These are probably the best tacos Ive ever had, I live in San Antonio, TX and Id say Im somewhat familiar with street taco type places but considering all the high end expensive restaurants I visited while in Vegas, and the fact that the most memorable food I ate on the strip were these awesome tacos says alot. They added another side to the restaurant itself to make it bigger, probably due to its gaining popularity. The suadera tacos, adobada and carne asada are the best in my opininion. I wanted to try the Lengua but I was just too full. Im just glad this place has enough recognition that they had to make it bigger. They deserve all the business they get as long as they keep up with the badass tacos.
5	Ive tried to write this review several times, but I end up writing myfirst sentence , stopping ,heading there, eating some mulas, tacos andquesadillas, get so full that when I come back I cant even write myname. It is that good, or im a fatty mcpherson.I would like to believeit's the 1st.Yes it looks sketchy, yes its right next to the wynn in a weird plaza, or on a not that nice of a part on charleston blvd,yes you will have to walk a little far if you are staying at caesarsor mandalay , but it totally worth it. The adobada meat, the carneasada, mulas tacos, quesadillas(real ones) are the real deal; Full offlavor , and  authenticity.Sometimes there might be a line but goes pretty fast. If you got at"damn im drunk and need to eat something right now" time of the day,which is after midnight, you might encounter  this said line to be alittle bigger. Fear not..95 percent of the time, it goes quick andthere is plenty of seats.
5	Great.
5	I came here on a Thursday afternoon and ordered 2 spicy pork tacos, horchata and shared carne asada fries for 8. - BEST tacos I've ever had! SOO GOOD! MUST COME. - Spicy pork is awesome. they slice it right in front of you and put this delicious sauce! DROOL ~____~- Carne asada fries are huge. a bit expensive, 10 for a large, so you have to share. A large in socal is a bit less, 8. Lots of guacamole. :)- Security has a GUN! gangsta....
5	Mmmm...I was a fan after witnessing the spicy pork hang/marinate from a fresh pineapple.  Whatever sauce they place on top of the tacos is equally fantastic.  This was my first time trying cabesa (hesitantly, might I add) and was pleasantly surprised!   Best tacos I've had in a very long time, maybe ever.  They're also open late, which was convenient after going downtown.
4	I have been complaining for years that there are no fast food mexican spots in vegas to go to after clubbing. Not till one of my friends said we should go try this spot. I was like there is no way there is a legit mexican spot in vegas and I do not know about it. Well I was definitely wrong. I ordered the adobado fries kind of like carne asada fries but better. It was pretty good in my opinion. The good thing is it is walking distance from surrender and xs! Definitely going to be going to this spot more often when I am vegas, because EARLS is just an overprices subway. Just saying.
4	Great carne asada and al pastor tacos.  The way they are prepared puts them over the top!  Also only place I have not regreted being adventurous.  I also tried the tripas and they were awesome, YOU GOTTA TRY IT!!!!!!
4	In the shadow of Encore lies a taco place so magical that you will think it is a trap. The sign out front clearly advertises 2 dollar tacos.2 dollar tacos? Yeah, right. You just walked through hotels where 10 square feet of tile work on the floor is worth more than your net worth and here you are, 2 minutes later, staring down a sign for 2 dollar tacos. There's no way these tacos can be good.Yeah, they are awesome tacos.The next time I go to Vegas, the plan will be - Stay at the Wynn, gamble at the Riviera, and get these tacos every time I walk in between the two places. The spicy pork taco meets expectations.
4	I was generous in rating this place four stars. Nevertheless I really do like the tacos and asada fries. Bought 1 asada taco, 2 adobada tacos, 1 chorizo taco, and carne asada fries. Yes I do eat a lot so please excuse my endless appetite.The tacos were delicious! Very well cooked and they pound it with guacamole, which I'm not used to since they don't do that in LA at your standard taco stand. But it's nice for a change. The adobada is practically the same as pastor.. Marinated pork. The sauces on the other hand were good but not great. Nothing too special but nothing beats spicing up that Mexican quench in your mouth!The one thing I dislike about this place is the price. $2 for a single taco... and they charge you tax too, so technically even more than that. Maybe I'm just too used to $1 tacos from my hometown but that is pretty greedy of the Gordo management.This is located in a pretty dead and shady neighborhood so be warned. I also kept getting stared at in which, I guess is cause I was the only Asian there. Asian or Mexican, it doesn't matter. I can eat more Mexican food than your everyday Hispanic person.
4	Love this place! I have visited this taco restaurant 4 times in one month alone, and it's addictive. That is all I can say. Tortillas a little bit greasy but the meat is so tasty and delicious. They marinate their meats so well, that it makes you going back over and over again. If you have never tasted an authentic taco, you better visit this place. I'm sorry to tell that Taco Bell, is not your authentic food.! These tacos, deserve the title of being called "tacos!"
5	a couple of their tacos al pastor are all I need for lunch...abolutely amazing...and when my cariologist isn't looking I love a plateful of the carne asada fries.  This joint is the real deal, and I feel like I'm back in Tijuana when I dine there.
4	Me encantan Los tacos de aki todo bueno, Pero como k ya se pasaron no cren? 2 Dolores el takito :( una familia de cuatro se gasta UNOs 40 dolares incluyendo sodas. cAROS! Pero buenos y despues del baile el unico Lugar abierto es este!!  :) cierran a las 5am
4	I am a Carne Asada fries fanatic so I just had to come here and try theirs. It took me 45 mins to get here because I live on the opposite side of town but the food was worth it. Their carne Asada fries are huge! I absolutely love the fact that they give heaping dollops of avocado on top. My fave!
5	Most authentic tacos in Las Vegas! It's usually busy so you can't stress. Must try tacos "al pastor" they slice it in front of you and make sure to ask for some pineapple!!! Plus they have Orange Bang!!! Also, you can save a trip to a Red Box...wink! wink!
5	delicious!
5	Delicious yet cheap..awesome
5	One of the best places in town to grab some tacos! Not too expensive, either!I had a Taco De Asada (steak), Taco De Buche (pork), Taco De Adobada (spicy pork), and half an order of Adobada Fries. The Asada was nothing too special; your normal asada from any mexican restaurant.  The Buche was labeled as pork, so I was surprised when I bit into nothing but pork INTESTINES! It was surprising, but I LOVE pork intestine. Extra plus for that pleasant surprise! =]  Finally, their Adobada is DELISH if you can handle a little bit of spicy. They cut it off a huge slow revolving chunk of pork, and serve it to you. YUM!As for their service, as I walked in, the place was PACKED. The servers were helpful and made the food on the spot as we ordered. When we approached the cashier, you can get your fixing of sides (limes, etc). All the tables were taken when we paid, so my party and I looked around. A group left as they saw us waiting for a table, and a worker walked straight over to clean the table for us! That's faster service than any other restaurant I've seen (high class or fast food alike!).I will definitely come back, but since I live on the southwest side of town, coming here was quite the journey. Of course, it was worth it! =]
1	I honestly don't know why people rave about this place. First time I came here I had high hopes it was going to be as good as people have said, I was wrong, I've gotten better tasting tacos from food trucks, the meat had too much fat and the guacamole was disgusting, tacos had no flavor whatsoever, I tried really hard to eat them but I just couldn't, I wanted to gag, ended up throwing them away and eating at McDonalds, total waste of money and food, very disappointing! Their competitors next door "Los Tacos" are better in my opinion but to each their own!
5	A half order of Adobada fries will hit the spot!My favorite Mexican spot! If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for?Adobada, carne asada, lengua and adobada fries are a must try. Eat the adobada last cause it's the best! I went to Mexico and came back. I love this place!
5	If you are looking for good quality cheap eats and some places open really late, this is the ONE. Tacos EL Gordo hase open kitchen and few staffs constantly sweep floor and wipe tables. It's probably the cleanest taco joint I ever seen. My favorite tacos are Taco De Adobada & Taco De Lengua (spicy pork and beef tongue). Spicy pork is tender, juicy, and flavorful. Beef tongue comes in huge chunks (the most generous portion, but then again, they do cost $2.25). I always leave feeling satisfied and comforted after visiting Tacos El Gordo.
5	By far the best meal I had in Vegas, even if you forget about the price/value.
5	Amazing food! These tacos are so delicious- I can't believe they're so cheap! The spicy pork fries are amazing. I'm not sure how safe everything is for those who are gluten-free like me, but I've eaten there at least 4 times, and only once had a reaction (could have just been some cross-contamination). This isn't the type of place I'd ask to see the ingredient list, so I know I'm taking my own chances.
4	Great food! Very authentic! The meat was nice and juicy. The tortillas are warm and not sticky! If you eat lots of tacos you'll know what I'm taking about. My uncle works at the original Tacos el Gordo in Tijuana and I must say I did not expect them to taste so similar to the ones he makes! This place does tend to get packed on late weekend nights so be aware. The price is a little higher than the average taco shop but it's nothing crazy. Go ahead...ENJOY!
5	This is where it's at!  WOW!  This is the real deal.  The Tacos Al Pastor are out of this world!  Yes Yes Yes!
4	I've been here twice and both times loved the place. It's a bit small and looks like it was either an old Wendy's or Carl's Jr. that was closed down and rebuilt into Tacos El Gordo, so the seating areas are that of a typical fast food restaurant.However, the food there is pretty good. It's one of the best taco places I've been to yet and it's decently priced. I believe it was a little over $2 for majority of the tacos, I personally liked any of the steak/beef ones as I do not eat pork, but from what my friend told me the spicy pork is definitely one to try. The Adobada fries are definitely something everyone should try when they first visit or never had it. It's actually really good. But if you're not with anyone or want to have tacos and the fries, I do however suggest getting the half order. The full order is about $10 but it is something that is either a meal itself or needs to be shared with at least 2+, otherwise you'll have leftovers to take home or a very full stomach!
5	Delicious tacos adobadas! Autentico de tijuana.
4	This has become our favorite destination for street tacos and today's visit did not disappoint.  We each ordered our usual - one soda plus a pair each of the adobada (spicy pork) tacos topped with crema, cilantro, pineapple and onion. I requested a complimentary side order of grilled peppers and scallions, but ended up only eating the scallions.  Fresh, tasty and just the right size for a light snack or lunch.
4	Ay, ay, ay!!!!These tacos are for realz yo.  I'm from "La Villita" in Chicago therefore I am a certified taco expert. These are legit. Super fresh (made right in front of your face!), tasty and totally authentic. I wasn't expecting much because honestly, Vegas has not impressed me with its taco-ness. They are a but pricey at $2 each but they are the best that Vegas has to offer. I tried the taco de tripitas (fried tripe) and a taco de carne adobada (think al pastor). Deliciously good and worth the wait to have these delicious morsels prepared fresh as you stand and drool behind the glass envisioning them entering your face.
4	Tacos El Gordo is hands down LEGIT. Just like the street tacos in TJ!!!I would easily come back for the tasty cabeza, lengua, and adobada. These 3 are truly the stars of their menu. I mean, they're perfect. What let me down was the carne asada, which I wanted to love sooo much, but alas, it was forgettable - bland, cold, and to be honest... unappetizing. Had a bite and pushed my plate away. So sad :-(Knocked off a star but I'm a certified fan! It's also worth mentioning that despite the huge crowd on a Friday night this place was kept clean at all times! I won't hesitate to recommend to anyone who loves authentic, no frills street tacos.
5	Authentic. Cheap. You will be the only guy who speaks English. $6 makes you full. This is what Tacos should be. Get adobada. its the only taco you will need....
4	YUM! I loved it here. I ordered the carne asada, lengua and tripas tacos.  Everything was so delicious. I also ordered one tostada and it was REAAAAAAAAAALLLY good because they put so much meat on that too. adn teh tostada was so crunchy and yummoTripe was REALLY good. I get mine extra crispy, which they fry it up and makes it taste 10 times better. ALSO the onions are so good... esp the green onion!It was $2 per taco, but it really does fill you up because they pack on the meat! THey even put avocado/guac on top which is sooooooooooooo delish. One other downside is you can't put on your own onions,etc... they only have the beets & lime self serve.
5	literally the most deliciious mexican food in vegas. i've been to the ones toward SD area and Riverside twd the border, and this one is exactly the same. those carne asada fries got crack in them, cause im totally addicted and for 5 bucks, you get a wad of carne asada fries, guac, and salsa. tacos are made to order, and its super quick. i got my food in like 2 minutes and got 5 tacos. sometimes you gotta live mas ayy?? it can get crowded at times, but even if its a large wait, its worth it. the bull head in the back doe...ridiculous! hands down best mexican restaurant in vegas.
2	Their Food (Carne Asada Tacos & Campechana  Fries) Was Delicious, It was freezing and both entrances were open and blowing wind, our food was cold. You could see that it was freezing yet no one offered to close one entrance, the cashiers wore their jackets, too. Try to go to this place when it is not  freezing cold maybe during summer hours.
5	I don't understand why their tacos better than any tacos I ever ate @$#? ... yeah Most people coming from Los Angeles area, will be shocked and surprise and weird-ded by this...I think it's the fresh meat and/or  that  over loaded avocado sour cream sauce, but I can't wait to go back to vegas just to get some more.
4	Food is pretty solid, although the surrounding area is pretty ghetto.  There's a good reason a security guard is on the premise at all times!  They close at 2AM so come in for late night eats.Sopas (Al Pastor) $4-Slightly above average- The Sopas here is 10x better than anything I've had in So Cal.  It's overflowing up w/ meat, covering the entire corn base.  It's also loaded w/ veggies, sauce, guac, and covered w/ a hard shell on top (I didn't care for the hard shell, I actually removed it when I ate it).  While expensive, I highly recommend it.  My only gripe was the Al Pastor was very sweet.Sopas (Carne Asada) $4-Exceptional-Same as above, except the carne asada is cooked to perfection.Tacos (Carne Asada) $2-Slightly above average.  Again, the tacos here are much better than what I've had in Cali.  The sauce on the tacos really give it a great taste.  I'm used to "Cali" tacos which only have onions & cilantro.  Carne asada here is pretty good.Tacos (Al Pastor) $2-Average - Same as above, except the al pastor was way too sweet.Carne Asada Fries $10 - Slightly above average- I think the fries are pretty good but nothing to write home about.  If you are sharing w/ a group of people I'd go for it, otherwise you are OK passing on it.Tips:-Area is pretty ghetto at night, but there's a security guard there-Restaurant is pretty clean-The Carne Asada here is exceptional, but the al pastor is very sweet (but still good nonetheless)
4	Since moving to LA, I've learn what authentic and good tacos are and Tacos El Gordo is one. Made to order and right in front of you. Though they seem little every taco is packed with meat. We got greedy and ordered too much. And the fries - warning - it's a whole lot of food.Cheap, authentic and filling. Can't ask for more.
5	I tried going to other taco places to search for the best, but I just keep coming back here. If In N Out is to burgers then Tacos El Gordo is the champion of all taquerias in LV. Simple, delicious, no-frills menu. You can't get better than this. Since my last review I've been here numerous times and I always order the same thing: CABEZA, ADOBADA, and LENGUA. If you have not tried these yet, please, step away from your carne asada and discover the sheer pleasure of these juicy, flavorful meats. Out of this world delicious!!!
4	YUP. THESE GUYS ARE SO AUTHENTIC, YOU MIGHT NEED TO BORROW SOMEONE'S ROSETTA STONE SPANISH EDITION.When I got in line, there were about 3 people ahead of me. Each one of them ordered in Spanish. When it was my turn, the first thing I asked was, "Do you speak english?" The guy looked at me, smiled and said "Si!" I know that sounds funny but whatever I ordered, he translated it to his fellow compadres that were putting the food together. Btw, im Filipino if you guys are wondering.So for the food. All the reviews on here are pretty much spot on so here's my 2 pesos......I mean.......2 cents. I ordered 3 tacos. Spicy Pork, Carnitas, and Carne Asada. Usually my favorite is Carne Asada but these three I got were so good, it didnt matter which one I ate first or last. At 2 bucks a pop, thats a pretty decent price for a tasty meal thats filling. The person at the next table ordered what looked to  be a nice sized Carne Asada Fries. I asked him how much it was. He said it was 5 bucks and it was the half size. (Que the record scratch). What? That's the half size? HOLY CRAP! (I wonder what that is in Spanish? LOL). As I finished up, one of the ladies that works there came up to my table, looked at me and mumbled something in Spanish. I just looked at her and shrugged my shoulders. She pointed at my tray of garbage, picked it up, and put it away for me. When she walked by again I said "Gracias!" I should of just kept my mouth shut because she actually started talking to me. I was trying to think of how to tell her I dont speak Spanish. So without thinking it through, I said, "No habla ingles!". As soon as I saw the look on her face I realized I just told her that I dont speak english! So in closing, you dont need to know Spanish to eat good food here. But in my case, it probably would of helped!
5	The best tacos you will ever enjoy in your life. The adobadas (spicy pork) is to die for! Carne Asada and Suadero are also notable options.
5	BEST place for tacos in Vegas!!!!! Every trip to Vegas is a mandatory stop here! (Delicious) and perfect for your pockets!!! AKA extra gambling money! =D
4	The sopes are delicious.  Don't feel intimidated if you don't speak Spanish- someone will help you.
5	This place, is SO BOMB. I have never had Mexican food this good! It's a little confusing to order if it's your first time there because they have separate lines to order from depending if you want to order fries or tacos, toastadas, etc. Basically it's one line for the "main course" stuff - tacos, tostadas, etc. The other line is for fries and side orders (I think). We had the Carne Asada Tacos and the Campechana Fries. They were AMAZING. I am craving them both right meow! Take me back to Vegas for the Mexican food!
5	WOW!!!! I know I shouldn't be eating this food since I'm getting ready for a fight but... I had to try it! Ill pay for it in the gym! A must eat spot for all my Latinos! Reminds of me the tacos in Mexicali! I definately recommend this place! Best tacos in Vegas HANDS DOWN!!!
5	Did i mention this place is AMAZING!!!  If you want real mexican tacos....  look no further!!  Try suadero tacos
5	bit of a line, but worth it. greatest tacos ever!!! especially since they are open 24/7. if you geat sick of the Vegas buffets and are fiending some o.g. tacos come here and gets some! they make their tortillas fresh right in front of you and hook you up some cooked scallions and chillis at a reasonable price. must go to in vegas.
4	delicious everytime.
4	I'm quite obsessed with carne asada fries. And I really haven't found a good place for asada fries in LA since I've left SD. But that hunt will have to continue. I want to talk about the AMAZING carne asada fries here in LV. Carne asada fries loaded with (real!) avocado, cheese, and some of the best carne asada I've ever had with crunchy fries. Ahhh...drooling just thinking about it right now. Bf tried some of their tacos and those were mighty delicious as well! All their tortillas are hand made fresh in store. OH! And they have Orange Bang!!!! I'm in heaven!!!Things I did not like:- PRICEY! $2 for street sized tacos, $10 for carne asada fries- Confusing ordering stations: you order different things from different stations - pretty far off strip (but there is a closer location to the strip)
5	Quite possibly the best taco I have ever had in my life. Cannot wait to get back to Vegas to have another!!!
5	Love this place. I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and remember eating the best tacos at tacos el gordo in TJ and San Diego, and had not been able to find good tacos out here. However, when I realize that had tacos el gordo here I decided to give them a try and so glad I have. They are just like the real thing. A little more expensive that other taco places but so worth it. It worth the commute as well cuz I live in north las vegas.
4	Definitely a different experience than most places you go to, but the food is very much like Tijuana street food.  When you go there, there are separate prep stations for each type of meat that they serve.  I'm still not clear if you can order from any of the prep stations, or if you have to go to the one in particular that you want.  I accidentially ordered brains, which was gross, but the other tacos I tried were really good.  If you want something more familiar, just go to Los Tacos.  It is literally across the parking lot.
5	Both locations in Vegas are on point, walk in w/a smile, ready to eat Tijuanas finest! I'm a happy camper every Friday night! Bueno!
5	The best tacos in town!!!! Been there over ten times and still love it!
5	Can you say PORK ADOBADA?!! Baboy introduced me to this place. Hands down THE BEST tacos I have EVER had!! They have the right amount of spice, they have slab on a rotating THINGY and the freshly slice the meat off into your perfectly sized taco! Get the pineapple added on there... a side of their HOT PEPPERS --They will leave your mouth on FIYAAAAAAAH and I LOVE me some HEAT in my food! Those peppers kick my ass and I LOOOOVE it! Also, the Adobada Fries!! Get a half order and it's still HUGE! The dollop of fresh guacamole makes it MMMMM FREAKIN GOOD!!
4	2 words my friends, Adobado Fries!They take a large to-go box and fill it with thin crispy fries then they start loading on the goodies. We're talking thin porky slices of spit roasted adobado (this seems like al pastor to me but hey whatever), cheese, sour cream and guacamole. If you're really hungry I guess you could use your fingers to attack the fries from the side where there are less toppings, good luck with that. I stuck with the fork and made sure to get a little bit of everything in each bite. Dang this are good. I'd like to start calling them "Fuck Yeah Fries"! After a night of tiki'ing at Frankie's this is the place to nosh your buzz into a more manageable state.
3	Came with Yelpers as the 3rd taco stop in our crawl. So there are lines going for different things. You go to one line, and then sort've slide down from one to another if you want different things. There is a adobada line (the one with the spit), the middle is kinda all the rest, then the grilled onions and peppers station (gratis with tacos so get some), and then left most is carne asada. It may take a moment if you're getting a few things, or if there is at least a few of you - split up. Since it's the last stop we ordered a few things to get full up. Then you go to the register to pay, get drinks,  and get red and/or green sauce. There is a serve yourself bar from limes and radishes. Adobada was good, juicy and a bit crisp on the edges which I like. We didn't get with pineapple but this one was a rather sweet adobada than most I've had, like they keep basting with pineapple juice on the outside. Not good or bad thing, just depends what you're into but I thought it was a solid, if a bit different adobada. Lengua was tender, but was a bit more fatty than average so the BF wasn't fond of it, but it was alright for me. It's like not enough of the connective stuff rendered off so there is a fattiness to it that can be a put off. The cabeza here was pretty decent and we both liked that.  I love they give you grilled onions and peppers. I moved here from San Diego and this was a normal TJ style thing to eat with tacos and I haven't had it since I've moved here. Definitely was a plus for me. Now, with a place that is so talked up I expect a lot and while it was good, it wasn't my favorite. And being not a grand slam means it isn't worth the trouble of lining up and then sliding down each of the stations then hoping there is a table open in the constantly busy restaurant (there are a few outside to one side if its full inside). I just get salty at chaos when it comes to trying to eat.  The one time I tried to stumble to the strip location we were a bit overwhelmed and confused (since I didn't know the deal with this place and the lines) so we left. Since it was our last stop too, comparatively the tacos were smaller than our other stops at the same price and the most hassle to get so this would be a plan C for me type place. I almost never want to make it difficult to get food unless it's phenomenal and even then I have my limits. I am not jumping the gordo bandwagon.(Yelp 100 Challenge 44/100)
4	Yummy! I don't usually go for Mexican food but it was late, we were near Fremont Street Experience, and looking for some good cheap eats. The first thing you notice when you walk up to this place is the smell -- in a good way! Imagine the mouthwatering smell of a ton of roasting meat and spices wafting out into the parking lot preparing you for the tastiness inside. They offer a bunch of different taco fillings with unusual meat cuts such as beef head (cabeza) and beef tongue (lengua), along with the more standard steak and pork, all for $2.00 each. We got the cabeza, lengua, asada, and adobada. They were all really good, especially the adobada. The meat was very tender, and the seasoning was extremely tasty. We also tried out the fries, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're in a hurry because it takes them a while to make. It's probably better just order a few more tacos which you can get within minutes. But it did taste pretty good; it's got fries mixed in with a bunch of meat, cheese, guac, and sour cream. Definitely share with a friend because it is huge!
5	I had to do an update on my favorite taco spot in Vegas because of the competition that is popping up in the valley. This is my go-to spot whenever I have that taco jones a-brewing. I absolutely heart this place! I never leave here with a sad face. Why? Because their TACO ADOBADAS are the SHIZZNIT SUN!!! There are a bunch of things on the menu, but for me, the taco adobadas are the only things I will usually order. This establishment so far is the only restaurant that serves their adobada tacos (marinated pork) Mexican Street Vendor Style. The adobadas are put onto a vertical roaster and spins continuously to keep an even roast. They're then trimmed from the spit and served on a corn tortilla. IT'S SO GANGSTER!!!The makings that they put on it are good. They'll ask if you want everything. Everything means onions, cilantro, and an avocado sauce. You can also opt for slices of pineapple to top your tacos. The slices of pineapple will give your tacos a sour sweetness which is a plus. I do wish that their hot sauce was A TAD BIT SPICIER. I think they need to up their game in that matter. Their hot sauce may not be that spicy, but they do offer free grilled spicy peppers that you can enjoy with your meal. Definitely ask for the grilled peppers. For some reason I think the East Charleston location tastes better than the one on the strip. Maybe I'm tripping. I also like the fact that you're in a restaurant where they give you a place to sit and have fountain drinks that you can refill. Orange Bang All Day!!! There is great competition out there with some of the street vendors popping up in the valley, which is a really great thing. I've had tacos at these other street vendors that easily gives Tacos El Gordo a run for their money. All in all, Tacos El Gordo is still my favorite. Great service, great food, and a great atmosphere to stuff your face in.EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
4	GREAT TACOS !!!!! if  you've never been here, you need to give them a try.  Best freaken tacos around. mmm the mula de adobada is the bomb. i work down the street from this place and wow do they get busy for lunch,  Just wish their drive thru would be in service for a faster in n out... : ) oh yeah and their hours are great, open late pa todos los q andan de party and want to get a bite to eat, this is the spot.
4	Ok, I like Gordo, and even though I just recently found a new favorite rock throwing distance from here, my normal 5 star didn't get a drop to 4 due to this...What did drop, was the cleanliness of the restaurant, when compared to their LV blvd location.  It wasn't bad, but it seems like they go the extra mile to tidy up at the spot I frequent often.My lengua taco was not chopped up quite as much as it usually is at their other location.  I know, something very petty to complain about, but the taste also wasn't quite as fresh.  Or maybe it was just in my head..who knows.  Either way, I didn't feel the 5 star experience that I get at the strip loc.Either way, these are still some excellent tacos, and at about $2 a pop, a good deal as well!
4	Holy Shit, I don't really like Mexican Food other than this small street cart I tried in Playa Del Carmen, but this place is the F*&* Bomb!  Best Tacos in Vegas, you must also try the green onions, it's delicious!!!!Only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the way they have the lines setup.  There are three lines, the left is for beef, right is for their spicy pork and the middle is everything else.  So, after waiting in one line then grabbing your food, you have to get into another line to order something else.  By that time, my tacos were a little cold.  **Tip**If you pretend your ignorant and order everything in one line, you might be able to get away with it.  :)
4	I had to visit this place twice before I could write my review. My first visit didn't go so well a few months ago. However, I think it may have been my fault.I ordered the adobada fries the first time around, and was not impressed. The fries were soggy, and didn't hold up well to the mountain of toppings that were piled on top. In my opinion, the fries need to be crispy so you can pick them up and eat them like nachos. I also ordered no sour cream on my fries, and somehow my order arrived with extra sour cream.  Since I had waited almost 20 minutes for the fries, I didn't feel like waiting even longer by sending them back. Instead, I tried to eat underneath the sour cream  and focus on what was good- THE ADOBADA.The gentleman with the jungle knife cuts from the hanging pork with precision. I decided to try the tacos this time around. With a few quick strokes, the perfect amount of pork falls into two corn tortillas and the choice is yours on what comes next. You can add cilantro, onions, salsa, avocado, and pineapple. I chose to skip the avocado sauce-- as it is just too runny. I would prefer real slices of avocado rather than this watered down version of green goo. I am not a huge fan of pineapple, but somehow this could be the best thing that ever happened to a taco. The flavor combination will make your head spin. My only small complaint is that the salsa is too mild for my liking. I was in a hurry, so I forgot to get one of those roasted jalapenos off the grill. This place doesn't offer rice or beans, but with tacos this good -- I honestly didn't miss them. The tacos were $2.00 a piece, and I put down three with relative ease. On a good day, it would probably take 4 or 5 to fill me up, On the other hand, I probably shouldn't be eating that much anyway - TAKE IT EASY FAT BOY! 5 stars for the tacosMinus 1 star for no rice and beans and terrible fries.
2	I have to assume that all those who've given this place 5 stars are eating tacos for the first time, or they're eating after a night of heavy-drinking, because TEG is as overrated as they come.The tacos are okay, but they add all this sauce-crap without asking, and most of the time you stand in line for what amounts to a taco assembly-line, with the same care that goes into most assembly-lines.And they don't have tacos pollo, for those who don't eat pork or beef (not referring to me by the way)....what's that about?If you want a superior taco, go across the street to Taqueria el Pastorcito for their Al Pastor. Puts TEG to shame.
4	My husband and I discovered this place through the mighty powers of Yelp because of it's high ratings. Upon walking into the restaurant, the first thing you see is a huge meat pineapple. Seriously! The line was pretty long but moved fairly fast. The place was PACKED! Luckily for us, the time we spent in line was spent talking to people around us to find out just what the heck we should order and what the heck the meat pinapple was.The meat pineapple is pork on a vertical spit with pineapple on top so that the yummy juices drained down onto the meat. Through the other patrons, we found out that if we ordered the Tacos de Adobada we would get to partake of the meat pineapple. We were also advised to order 3, which seemed to be a sufficient amount since they are rather small. I did see several people go back for a second (or third) meal, so if you're hungry you might want to order more. I can certainly see going back here as a tradition for our Vegas visits. The food is delicious, and definitely more "authentic" than we get in Nashville.
5	Authentic Mexican Food! Everything here is good. Great atmosphere and helpful staff! I almost passed out of all the meat I have consumed.
5	You know a taco place is good when it's packed with mostly Hispanics at 3am on a Saturday night.They make your food fast and in front of you.They only serve street tacos (2 big bites and you're done) and there's about 10 to choose from.Cost is about $2 each.So expensive, yet so good!Adobada is probably the best (spicy pork).
5	waited in line for my "Adobada Taco" and after eating it I was bummed I didn't get 2 of them! For me it was the clear winner! Unless you don't want it on your taco it comes with onions, cilantro, and an avocado sauce. I asked for the pineapple on my taco and I couldn't ever imagine ordering a taco again without it! My man had the "Asada Taco" and he said for him that was the clear winner. I have renamed the tacos here at Tacos El Gordo. They are now called "Crack Tacos". I'm addicted! I loved it so much I asked if we could go back the next day and I got no complaints! The tacos are only $2.00 each. The food is made fresh right in front of you. I thought it was awesome to see this lady making tortillas right in front of me and knowing that tortilla she was making was going on my plate. You can choose corn or flour tortillas. If you want they offer free grilled scallions and peppers to eat along with your food.I like this location better then the other one. I don't know what it is about the LV Blvd location but it didn't have the same feel and the tourists might have something to do with that I don't know. There is more seating inside at this location as well.Parking can be a pain but it is because everyone else knows where the crack tacos are too. If you go with a group then you might want to designate someone to get a table.  I can't say enough about this place! Just eat here already!
4	This taco place is good, but I don't understand the massive hype. Sure, it's fun to watch a guy carve pork off a spit directly onto your taco al pastor. Sure, it's fun to watch a guy chop beef and scoop it onto your carne asada taco. However, that doesn't warrant a five star rating.Let me be clear, the tacos are delicious. Probably the best tacos in Vegas. Is it the best priced Mexican fast food in Vegas? Not even close. Just because something is $2 doesn't mean it's a good deal. I'd have to buy 5-6 tacos here to become full, whereas one burrito at Roberto's or Fausto's will fill me up at half the price. I rate as much with my wallet as I do with my taste buds. If your restaurant looks like a hole in the wall and has a hole in the wall service system, then I'd better get hole in the wall pricing too.
5	Hi Tacos el Gordo!Just wanted to let you know that the only reason we came to you for tacos (and knew what to do/to get/how to order)were the reviews you got on Yelp...to think we could have driven by and scoffed at your establishment like the gringos we are!! Everything is so freaking good...the adobado is like crack, the grilled onions and peppers great additions to the best fresh tortillas we've ever had.If there were more than 5 stars avail we'd give it to you BUT for the decor, smell, and overall chaos inside this kinda-shady location off the strip.  Seriously, TEG, clean up your act a bit (place smells a bit like a latrine, no clear lines for food unless you are "in the know" and are prepared to eat whatever is handed to you wherever you end up at the grill, and we're not certain if there was carne asada or dirt on the floor everywhere)...clean it up just a smidge and you would be millionaires by months end by our visits alone.Mucho besos,Us
5	Being from San Diego and having spent a lot of time in Mexico, these tacos are about as authentic as you can find.  I'm pretty sure they are horrible for you, but they're tacos...what do you expect?What I like is that everything is made to order.  It doesn't sit under a heat lamp getting all dried out and rubbery.  The tortillas are hand made right in front of you.Oh...if they only sold tacos con birria de res...one can only wish.
4	HOLY MOLY!!! This ain't no Taco Bell and I thank everyone and their mother for that. If you want real mexican food than you owe it to yourself to go here.
5	The tacos here are magnificent. But before we get started with the big review, some quick tips.1. The meats are divided into sections with INDIVIDUAL lines!2. There are two locations for Tacos El Gordo, the second one being near the Encore.3. This locations prices are a little bit better, but if you're driving from the strip, it's probably more worth it to go to the first location.4. Try the Adobada tacos, their carne asada tacos are equally good too!5. For the Adobada tacos, everything means all the fixings EXCEPT for the pineapple! Ask the guy making them for a tiny slice of tacos.6. The fries come in three flavors: campenchana, adobada, or ANY meat. Don't be fooled that the sign says adobada or campenchana only.7. The fries come in half/full size, a half size is more than enough for two people to share and just right for three to sample!8. Plenty of parking! Two entrances!After discovering Tacos El Gordo on our second trip to Vegas, we have gone back every single time to eat at their fine establishment. There are MANY meats to choose from, but by far our favorite is the adobada. My personal one that I really like is the carne asada.What truly sets apart Tacos El Gordo is that they grill up/fry up their meat right in front of you. You can watch them cooking up your stuff and making the tacos. Another thing that I really enjoy is the great service. Every single time we've been there, they've always been really nice to me and my girlfriend. I think it might because they see us as Asians in a Mexican joint who have no idea what's going on. But beyond that, the place is really clean. They wipe down tables after people are done and the cleaning ladies usually offer to take our trays for us when we're still sitting down and finished.The last thing is the price. For Vegas, this place is a steal. We usually get somewhere from 6 tacos, a drink, and a half order of adobada fries for $20.Awesome food, awesome service, awesome price! What more could you want?!
5	Seriously the best tacos in town.  My favorites are the carne asada tacos and the adobada tacos.  Their carne asada fries are worth a try too.  The adobada taco meat is carved right off the slab and onto your taco.  If you are only going to order one kind of taco, GET THIS ONE.  The workers here are quick and efficient.  I would suggest getting 4-5 tacos to fill you up.  They are open until 2 am on the weekdays and 4 am on the weekends, which is a nice plus!
5	By far best food on the strip as are as tacos go .. This is as close as it gets to Mexican out side of Mexico!!!' Will for sure be back
3	Bottom line.. Quite possibility the best tacos in Las Vegas.However if your from Los Angeles, and visit Taco trucks, you might just be disappointed.  2 dollars a Taco is kinda expensive.  This is their main flaw and why I don't visit this place that offen.
5	Taco's done right. Had to try this place after eating at the original Tacos El Gordo in San Diego, CA.  The quality of the tacos is magnificent and the service is quick and friendly.The best of the best of the menu is the "spicy pork" taco.  The spicy pork is topped off with flavorful onions, cilantro, and the greatest spicy avocado sauce you can dream of.   The best taco's here in town can be found right here at this unassuming joint on Craig.Craig is littered with various Mexican restaurants but you'll miss out if you don't make Tacos El Gordo your primary stop.
4	A tad overrated.Is it delicious? Yes. Is it muy autentico? Good question. I've been to Mexico a few times and the food that the locals eat away from touristy areas seemed more gringo-ish than this. I will say that once you wait in line for 15 minutes and then pay way too much for street tacos, you are treated to spicy pork deliciousness. However, I think $2 each for small tacos and long lines with little seating is too much for me to give Tacos El Gordo 5 stars. I took a buddy who I thought would like it and he wasn't impressed at all. Same complaints as me. Too long of a line, fighting for a seat, too expensive for what it is. But damn, those spicy pork tacos are good.Tip-if you are really hungry, order the fries and two tacos=tons of food for $14.
5	I'm from Seattle. We don't have a lot of options for good, cheap Mexican food. Tacos El Gordo hooked it up with spicy al pastor-style spicy pork, rotisseried to perfection. They threw on some good onions and sauce and veg, some guacamole on the side, and even a cut of pineapple on top. Also got a carne asada taco, which was awesome as well. Service was friendly, prompt. 5 star would eat again.
5	Best Taco place in Vegas, just trust me.
5	I had not realized that I have not reviewed Tacos El Gordo. I've been to both locations, and I must say that I prefer this one. There aren't any drunken tourists. Although if you have been out on the Strip and are craving some delicious tacos, it is centrally located. Bonus, the prices are the same.I only come here for one thing, the tacos al pastor. Everything else, except the tacos de asada are good, but for me it's al pastor all the way. I can eat five of them without any problems, they are so good. I have friends from Tijuana that say that these taste exactly the same as El Gordo in TJ. Get some cebollitas and chiles asados to go along with your order. Drizzle a little lime juice over them, and you have yourself a full feel for under 10 bucks. I've read some reviews that say this area is shady at night, hardly. You'll be ok. Nuff said, for an authentic taste of al pastor tacos, check out El Gordo.
5	I'm obsessive when it comes to tacos, and i gotta say, I'm a HUGE fan of tacos el gordo. They are great, they have the authentic taste and feel of any great taqueria in Mexico. I particularly crave about tacos al pastor, and these are amazing, whether you order a plain pastor taco or you try the pastor "mulita" (which is a pastor taco in a flower tortilla with a bunch of melted cheese) these tacos are outstanding. Also try the campechana fries, an order of french fries topped with cheese, guacamole, sour cream and a bunch of asada and pastor meet, its heavenly. The place is very good but it sometimes gets very crowded, so chances are in a saturday night you might have trouble finding a table, but its definitely worth it. Also, on weekend nights, you might find a guy outside selling home made donuts, do yourself a favor and try them, they are very good.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said in the myriad of reviews of this place?  I come here as often as I can for one item only - the Adobada tacos. They are uh-maze-ing!   The carne asada tacos are pretty good as well but the flavor compared to the spicy pork (adobada) pales.  Come here, order some spicy pork tacos, thank me later.
3	Looooooved their tacos! Looks like a hole in the wall joint, but those are the best places!  I tried all of them and would eat all of them again! Lol. A bit pricey for the tacos, but it's worth it! Lol. Limited seating, always packed, u know its good!!
4	Best taco place in Las Vegas hands down!! I always get the carne asada tacos and a quesadilla..but I saw someone get the carne asada fries and they looked better than the ones from Roberto's... definitely coming back!!
5	If I could marry this place I would. Being from Cali, I think this is as good as its gonna get here. Skip their other location on the strip. This one is 10x's better!
5	Sooooo good, authentic delicious tacos every time. Just they way you were supposed to eat meat.
3	Not doing it for me. At least just me for the great reviews I see here. I am happy to say I did not buy into the hype of everyone giving this place great reviews. This place, for me, is not all it's cracked up to be. Lucky I arrived on a slow night tonight. Okay so here is my reviews of the place. I pass by the place take the turn and walk in. Man that door heavy as f****! The place is spacious and I loved that. I found it pretty cool how they have the meat set up like a deli type thing and the line to pay big as well; I liked that.  So here I order two tacos de asada and the meat looked good along with the condiments. I was surprised that when he asked me if I wanted everything he didn't put chilly... But I guess you put it aside, but even more surprising than that was the fact that he put avocado on it. I was like, "Thats a twist" I was surprised because I do know some tacos shops that do that, but it was surprising because the Tacos El Gordo in the San Fernando Valley, California both inside and the taco truck don't do that.   Screw it lets go with it. I go and order and realize the salsas were inside the fridge, I liked that so everyone won't fight in the snack bar to grab there condiments. Yeah yeah I pay and I also got some lengua tacos aside. Now those did have the O.G. taste. As for mine they were more to be desired. I loved that they packed in the meat. Here we go with the flavor detail... Okay. The tortilla used was the yellow kind I like those so that can slide. The meat of the carne asada had a good flavor, but I felt it needed a little bit more of a way to hold on to the flavor of the meat. I added the "spiciest"  salsa to only to my disillusioned self... that IT... WAS... NOT... SPICY! That blew my mind.  The thing, I believe, that took off the flavor was the fact that it was inside the fridge. That salsa tasted like nothing, NOT EVEN A HINT OF FLAVOR WAS LEFT! So now imagine this... not your regular corn tortilla with sub par meat with good flavor topped off with boring salsa and flavorless avocado. I thought when they added the avocado it was going to have a kick to it, or if that didn't have a kick to it it would have been the taco itself to rescue the flavor, but no.  So I'm just sitting there debating if I should have a different one to change my mind. So I do order another one. The tacos are a little pricy only because of my experience. I order one de adobada. because it says spicy. I get the taco and already am doubting it just because that meat is more pinker that Patrick from sponge bob and the guacamole was watery as fuck... Should guacamole look white/green? Not in my experience, but whatever. I taste it and am automatically turned off. Screw this I am not coming again. The only thing I am grateful for is that they do stuff you good and the seating it great. But I am guessing THIS tacos el gordo have there own distinct flavor in Las Vegas.  The Gordo I frequently would go had the same type of meat, same type of flavor, but the difference between these and those is that when they flip the meat they don't lightly press down on it. They flip it and  to press down on it a little longer to grab that tighter locked in meat flavor. Even if that meat was the same and the same yellow tortilla it would still taste good. But what doesn't do it for me was the avacado and chilly with yellow tortilla that just added texture than a taco. Over there it was nothing fancy just your salsa outside, room temperature; white corn tortilla and pressed down meat and they were GREAT!  If you want a little taco flavor with new ingredients added go here, if you want that Mexico street vendure/ establishment taco shop go somewhere else. I got full, but not the good happy full. My who'll deal is that this Tacos El Gordo is different than the one I used to go. More pricier, different ingredients added and different flavor because of it. I have ate tacos for a many years and I do acknowledged they all have their own, but they do not steer away from the main point. I expected more thats all. I would suggest Tacos El Rey and Tacos El Torito they still do it for me. Plus they are cheaper. If I were to know they would be not your average joe I would have not cared.
4	This would be 5 stars if they streamlined the ordering process. If you want different types of meat you have to stand in different lines and that's annoying when it is real busy, which it almost always is. But the food is sooo good. Mmmmmm. I would recommend something besides the carne asada because that is done everywhere. i had the lengua (tongue) and it was amazing. Writing this is making me hungry. I think I am going to go there for dinner.
5	Some of the best tacos I have ever consumed. So authentic and tasty!
5	SPICY PORK TACO! Adobada, how do I describe my love for this bad boy?1) DAT SAUCE! The taco Gods were kind enough to share their nectar of life with us lowly beings and not only drizzle, but give this taco a drenching bath in a creamy sauce of deliciousness. I have no idea what kind of ingredients they put in this sauce, but I hope it's illegal because something that tastes this good is pure addiction.2) SPICY PORK! Meat so huge its as though if you stuffed your face and tore meat from the bone with your own teeth. There was so much in this taco, they did not skimp out at all like some other places. It also had so much flavor, I am salivating just thinking about it. 3) CILANTRO! SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! I am a huge cilantro lover and the herbiness with the cream sauce, pork meat, and corn tortilla was NOM NOM NOM! I can seriously ask for a ton more because cilantro is so amazing.4) The adobada really isn't spicy according to my standards as I have a gazillion spice level tolerance. But, I poured a whole container of the green sauce they have to the side table, and it gave my tacos that extra kick with the cream sauce.5) LITTLE MEXICAN LADY! How AWESOME & NICE can she be?!?! I called in to pick up 10 tacos for my friends and I. First thing she does is answer in Spanish, that's how you know this place is LEGIT! After asking to speak in English, I could tell that she was super busy with other customers in line. Drove for about 5 minutes, and i was expecting to wait in the store for our 10 tacos, but as soon as I walked up to the counter, she said "You called for the order Huh?" @__@ How did she know? I didn't even say a single word to her. Psychic powers? And out from under the counter she pulled the most beautiful plastic bag FULL of tacos already packaged in little plates, foils, plastic forks, spoons, napkins, sauces in containers, and horse radish in ziplock bags! Customer service was so fast, amazing, and nice at 10PM on a packed Sunday night that it made my taco taste a bazillion times better!Tacos El Gordo, until we meet again in Vegas!
5	For the sheltered American, it may take a bit of bravery to experience Gordo. It is not in the most pleasant neighborhood, it is very authentic Mexican, and there is a little bedlam going on when ordering while the place is busy. Be a little more brave when you get up to the counter and order things like tongue and tripa (intestines). If you can get your mind past your American upbringing, explosive flavors await. Do not expect anything past bare-bones decor and service at Gordo, because it certainly does not care about them either. This place is driven toward one goal: fast, tasty, authentic Mexican fare. And it not only reaches that goal, it kicks it in the balls and then stomps all over it (in a good way).
5	Being from Southern California undoubtedly makes you the hugest snob when it comes to Mexican food. And usually the rule of thumb is the farther you go from the border the higher the chances you will hit a dud. However it was late on a Sunday night after a full weekend of nonstop raging in Vegas and we were on a quest for some sustenance for our 4.5 hour drive back to Socal. After one option was closed and another was too long of a line, Tacos El Gordo became our saving grace. We ordered our tacos on the phone togo as we drove our way over and were very pleased when they were ready once we got there!  The place was packed at 11PM on a Sunday night with locals which is always a good sign.To my happy surprise all of the tacos were foil wrapped on plates separately which made sharing them so much easier. I was expecting huge togo boxes filled with tacos. You definitely get more bang for your buck if you order them with flour tortilla but I feel like that is a serious crime. They still do a very good job of giving you a lot of meat on the corn tortillas! I opted to try the a lengua, a carne asada, and adobada taco. LENGUA: The lengua came in generous tender chunks! Not too chewy and very succulent I wish I had gotten more. However at $2.25 a pop I thought that was pretty pricey. But I guess that's what you have to pay for a decent taco in Vegas. ASADA: The carne asada taco to me was pretty dry and chewy. I have definitely had better and I am glad I did not opt to just order only asada as I usually do.ADOBADA: ADOWHA?! I was very excited to try the adobada taco as I don't see this type of meat on the menu at many places. They call it "spicy pork" there but it is not spicy at all. The pink tint on the skin of the pork reminds you a bit of chinese bbq pork and makes you almost wonder what it's doing in a taco. But boy is it so good! The meat is so delicious and plentiful! Now ever since that fateful day I have been on a search for some well reviewed adobada in Socal with no avail and cannot wait to get back to Vegas to get some more of this rare gem!
5	In reading the reviews a guy wrote exaclty what I was going to right. THE BEST TACO PLACE IN VEGAS. THE ONLY PLACE BETTER IS GOING TO MEXICO!!!!I discovered this place on Saturday and I have been there 3 times already (it's only Tuesday). I drove from my job at Town Square to the one behind Encore just to have lunch. Took 3 co-workers with me and they all agree.You can bring your own beer. They dont sell beer. Security will simply hand you a brown bag for your drink!The only thing missing is a big pot of home made beans.
5	Just like my mother-in-law's cooking. WOW was this place great! Go experience real Mexican food... not nasty a$$ Taco Bell.  It was busy and this is always a good sign... had the Tacos de Sesos (cow brains) and the Lengua tacos (beef tongue)... just AWESOME! What are you waiting for.... go there now and enjoy a great ... authentic Mexican meal.
5	Awesome tacos, I had the Asada and they were delicious. I would definitely go back when in the area.
5	As for tacos - this is the place. A little expensive, but you get what you pay for.
5	Great place for cheapie food that tastes great! Not overly greasy and the beef tacos tastes authentic to homemade Mexican food.
5	bomb.com every time i go, quick, fresh, and the authentic as AF
5	This place is amazing! Best mexican food I have had in a long time, for extremely low prices and open all night!
5	MMM Everything here is pretty much great as i've tasted almost everything on the menu but what stands out to ME is the Carne Asada Fries. I've tried the carne asada fries at every mexican restaurant there is in Las Vegas, and Tacos El Gordo's Carne Asada Fries have to be at the top. If you haven't tried them, i suggest trying them here and compare. It's inexpensive, a big portion and it tastes amazing.Will always come back.
1	When I came to Vegas this place got so much talk but really these were the worst tacos I've ever had in my life the meat was so gross I couldn't even eat them! Not to mention the horrible service! definitely NEVER coming back!!!
5	Okay, it's 4am and you want something, greasy, fried, with meat and cheese, you want to stuff yourself silly just because you can and you don't want to spend more than...$8.  Where do you go?This place.It is packed, always.  But, the line moves quick, you can literally see all the food made by in right in front of you, including tortillas from scratch.They have lengua fries!?  I love lengua, and I love carne asada fries, but the only way I could think to make asada fries better would be to swap out lengua, and this place does it!  And!?  They are amazing.The tacos are super cheap and really really fresh, they have loads of drink choices as well as a huge variety of grilled Mexican goodies on request (jalapenos, onions, that sort of thing).Serious, for delicious, grubby, 24 hour mexican food, it doesn't get better than this.
5	I'm very hard to please when it comes to street tacos being that I'm Mexican but Tacos El Gordo is as real as it gets the only downside is the price. 2$ for a taco that is as small as my palm is a little ridiculous. Although they are a little pricey they are worth it. It's a very fast paced environment inside the restaurant for such a small space but ehhh we can manage.
5	Soooooo goood! Tacos El Gordo started as Mexican Fast Food in Tijuana. There are now locations in San Diego and Las Vegas. Now, these aren't fancy restaurant tacos, this is fast food. Tacos El Gordo is precisely Mexico's version of McDonald's. Unhealthy, greasy, and DELICIOUS.When you walk in, there are taco stations making different types of tacos. Each meat comes with a unique blend of sauces to enhance the flavor. So, for example, carne asada comes with guacamole, adobada does not. When you order your tacos, they'll ask if you want everything on it, if you say yes, they give you all the sauces that are recommended with that meat. I also ways go for "everything on it," haven't been disappointed yet.Tacos are $2 each. It's simple, it's fast, and it's yummy, yummy, yummy.
5	To the people crying about the neighborhood, seriously man up you lil bitches.  You think you getting $2 tacos on the strip or in Beverly Hills?  They gotta pay rent people.The pork adobada is everything and more than what the yelpers here say.  It is the bomb.  The chorizo = bomb.  Lengua = bomb.  Cant remember the others but I have tried them all.  I stick with the adobada for the most part, why mess with a good thing?  The adobada fries are also bomb, french fries smothered in guacamole, sour cream, cheese and adobada how the hell can you go wrong? Answer: you can't! The one thing I would like to say as good as the tacos are, please please try the mulas.  IMO this is where its at.  The difference between a mula and a taco?  CHEESE baby.  Mula is two tortillas ( I get corn but whatever) with cheese and all the fixins loaded with adobada like a big taco sandwich.  I don't even get the tacos anymore I stick with the mulas baby.
5	Awesome place, they keep it very clean, the food was too good for words, they are cleaning nonstop, wow what a place!
4	Came here on a Friday night, the wait was not long at all. I ordered 2 spicy pork tacos. And my fiance ordered a half order of the Adobada Fries. This totaled to just under $10. I watched one of the workers shave the pork right onto the tacos. They were very flavorful. The pork was juicy with a slight crisp to the outside, SO good. I didn't try my fiances fries but he ate ALL of it so I'm pretty sure he loved them.Will definitely come back.
4	My favorite tacos are "intestine and tongue." I love organ meat and this is the place that satisfies my craving anytime of the day/night. They offer any type of meat, from pork to beef. Don't ask for chicken because it does not exist on the menu. Prepare to stand in line and bring someone to save you a table, or you will end up eating in your car. It's worth the wait, for authentic Mexican tacos, though.
4	This place is soooo good. My wife and I just moved to Vegas and was told to try this place out. We did and fell in love. You should go and try it out.
5	the best in Vegas.
5	I used to live for 21 years literally 5 minutes walking distance from Tacos El Gordo and never once tried it. Oh how I wish I could take back those wasted years without their tacos. Tacos El Gordo has literally the BEST tacos and Mexican food in Las Vegas. And I've tried just about every taco truck and authentic Mexican food place I've come across since I was born and raised here. My personal favorite is the adobada and carne asada tacos. Meat is seasoned well, and so juicy. All the tacos are loaded with toppings like guacamole and pico de gallo too. Now I live on the opposite side of town and am regretting I took advantage of Tacos El Gordo in the past.
5	My friends of Mexican decent say this place is over rated. I could not disagree more. It's been here a few years, it's always clean and the food is always fresh and consistently delicious.I'm a slave to the sopes. For $10 you get 2 and a soda with free refills. I may not be from Mexico, but as for taquieria food in Las Vegas, none comes close to this place. With the exception of total demolition, tacos el gordo is the best repurposing of an old Wendy's ever.
4	Really good tacos and prices are really reasonable. Can get packed at times but that is always a good sign that the food is good. I like the Orange Bang drink flavors too.
2	The food is good and very authentic.. However...... On my visit today( it's been like 6 weeks) today me and my bf came for lunch.. The tacos are on a smaller tortilla and :) thy no longer double the tortilla because you won't get as full of course so you'll buy more!!! Morale of the story another greedy ass company!! Smh
5	Great quality, Great Flavor,
3	Not quite sure why this place is so raved about.  I got a pastor and asada taco and an asada quesadilla.  The pastor was pretty good.  Carne asada had a lot of chewy parts and tasted slightly burnt, not much flavor.  I'm not sure what the crispy thing was that they put on top of my quesadilla (it looked like a fried corn tortilla maybe?) but it tasted burnt and gross.  Maybe I wasn't supposed to eat it?  lol, who knows.  The ordering style was weird.  You have to stand in a different line for different types of meat, they load up your tray with your order, and you go to the cashier to pay.  I probably should have said to go in line but I wasn't sure how this place worked so I had to ask the cashier to wrap up my plates to go after I paid.  I'll stick to Los Tacos next door.  Their carne asada is to die for and their quesadillas are a much better value.
4	I'm tempted to give a bad review so as to keep this little gem hidden from the rest of Vegas. Great food, quick and clean. They are opening one closer to my house which fills me with trepidation. I guess I can kiss my diet good-bye.
4	What more could you want from a place that serves street style tacos? They're exactly what you want with just a little more.- They're cheap.- They're tasty with their crispy, slightly overcooked meats and crunchy toppings.- They're served with optional grilled veggies. I love these.- They're fast.- They're open forever.Do I need to say any more? Go here. Go to the one on Las Vegas Blvd. It doesn't matter. Just go.
5	This place was amazing! You know it's legit when it's packed all hours of the day and they are making the tortillas from scratch. Had the asada tacos which were really good. Love that they have guacamole included for no additional charge. But what really sold me was the asada fries. Such a good flavor with all the toppings. My new favorite Mexican place.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. This place is as close as you'll get to true tacos al pastor, short of flying to Puerto Vallarta. Authentic, roasted on the stake with pineapple. The price is great too.
5	I moved to Vegas from San Jose, CA. Some of the best taco trucks ever are in the Bay Area and I was really craving that quality/ authentic flavor. I found it!!!!BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS! This is not a question it is an absolute fact. You can't go wrong. I always order some Adobada and Carne Asada tacos and when I am feeling extra indulgent, I do the fries. Either way, order and enjoy because you won't be able to do it any other way.YUMMY!!!!
4	ADOBADA tacos there are the best! If you go to tacos el Gordo you must try these. Pretty interesting place. I have to say I am not a fan of how you order your food. Definitely reminds me of a food truck cuz u have to stand in a line to order ur food and you have to yell. I am 4 feet 10 and the counter is kinda high for me and with all the cooking and everyone in the restaurant talking and the loud Hispanic music they can't really hear your order if you speak like I do. I feel like I have to yell to be heard or else I get a lot of "que dijo?" Other than how u order the food the food is amazing. Highly recommend you try this taco shop :)
5	Tacos El Pastor!!! Cheap, Open late, FAST, When we live in town we would go at least once a week!
5	My friend raved about this place after her boyfriend took her here. I'm so glad she took me!! The mula is amazing, it's like a stuffed taco quesadilla, it's awesome!! The carne asada & abodaba are worth the drive for me to go here!! The prices are also awesome, lots of food for cheap!!!! You have to go here!
1	If I could give this place a negative number I would. After reading the other reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place while in Las Vegas. The ordering process is confusing at best. One of the people in our party was so frustrated they  actually walked out the door  and did not order anything,I wish I had gone with them !!!  I wanted my tacos on flour tortillas but instead I got corn tortillas.  One was the pork taco and the other was beef. I took one bite from the beef taco and I swear this was not beef but the most disgusting taste I have ever had. I promptly spit it out.  Daughter got a overpriced quesadilla which amounted  to a small piece of queso fried on a grill and slapped between two extremely small tortillas.  Even the toppings were lame and were nothing, really.  If you want the worst , overpriced tacos on the planet- go here.
5	Seriously awesome Mexican fast food. Try the spicy pork vampiro (sp?)  The wife totally dug the tongue. Neither of us were brave enough to order the brain. As well as your typical Coca-cola/Fanta soda well. They also had well drink dispenser serving orchata, tamarind, sorrel and others. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Vegas. Close to the strip. Near Stratosphere, Circus, and Riviera casinos
5	This is the best place to get tacos in Vegas!I've tried lengua, tripa, adobada, asada, and suadero. Never disappointed.However, the star of the menu is the Campechana fries. For less than $5 you can get an order of fries topped with both asada and adobada and all the fixings!Yummmmmm
4	I tried 5 different types of tacos:Beef head, tripe, spicy pork, tongue, chorizoBeef head had a very Offal taste to it.  Enjoyed the tripe, was surprisingly tender and didn't have that offal taste.  Spicy pork, not really spicy, chorizo was good, not as oily as some other chorizos that i had tried..  For condiments, they had lime, radish, and salsa.I would eat here again.  Tacos are good.
5	Really nice taste,I fully dropped into food heaven.The best what I had tried until now.I gonna to back more and more...The stuff is so warmful,love these guys.
5	Oh my freaking God I am in Mexican taco heaven you have to try this place when you're in Vegas tacos El Gordo off of Charleston I've never found a place that could replicate the Tijuana Street taco at its best. This place is off the hook good don't even think about coming to Vegas and not trying this place!
5	Was in town for a week for business. Had a very large per diem and out of all the meals I had that week this was by far the best meal I had. Got 3 tacos adobada and an horchata for $6 and by far the best meal I had this whole trip. Definitely get some local food in ya and check this spot out even if you are the only white guy in the establishment.
5	It is pretty much the best Mexican Food for quick eats such as your Tacos, Quesadillas, and such. I love their Tacos de Asada by the way as they are cooked with real Ranchera meat, which is the best meat to cook for tacos. They have a location on the Strip as well, but this is also the spot for those who want to be away from the Strip, especially for locals there. I have to say it has an awesome taste!
5	Amazing tacos and good pricing! The tortillas are unlike any other taco spot. They specifically have a certain salsa/guacamole for certain meats for the tacos. I wish there was a location near Los Angeles. I would definitely come back again.
5	Fucking amazing.... adobado, lengua, everything I had.... I Live in California too, and this is a place visit every time I visit Vegas.
4	Best tacos for your buck hands down but be aggressive  seating is limited due to how many people are there.
5	BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS!!!This is my favorite taco place, I haven't tasted tacos this good since I lived in Baja California, Mexico. These are truly the most authentic Mexican Tacos I have had in Las Vegas and nothing else compares to them.  I have taken at least 5 people to go eat Tacos with me and ALL 5 LOVE this place as well. There are 2 locations, and I will drive across town just for these tacos.  The employees are also very friendly, I went so many times that the employees started to recognize me among the hundreds of people that go eat tacos! I guarantee these will be the BEST tacos you will ever have!
5	Soooooo yummy! I love how they melt cheese on your sopes and mulas. The carne asada fries are amazing!!!
4	go to spot for cheap and quick meal outside of the strip. fyi a lil ghettoer than the one on the strip though in case you're uncomfortable with ghetto.
5	MOTHER OF JESUS I THINK I JUST CREAMED MYSELF.No seriously, it's that good.Whenever an establishment has several hundred reviews, and averages 4.5 stars, you can bet that their shit is pretty good.  Tacos El Gordo doesn't disappoint.There is nothing that I can write in my review that other Yelpers haven't already told you.  The food is fucking good.  It's fucking filling.  And it's fucking cheap.  That's like the Yelper dream trifecta.  So instead of sitting on your iPhone, go now, and thank me later.Warning: I'm part Mexican.  Which means that I fit in well in this part of Las Vegas.  This is NOT your Las Vegas strip by the Bellagio type of crowd.  This is your recently immigrated type of crowd.  So if you're not comfortable amongst ethnic folks, then you might want to hit up the location on the strip.
5	Carne Asada fries for $5! This place is like Mexico, but in Las Vegas. Although they reasonably charge more for their food. Tacos were $2 bucks each. Star of the show was my taco abadado (marinated pork on a rotisserie)It's not too often that I see it served right off the rotisserie. Not in SF or LA. The only place that does it like that is Mexico. (And also Las Vegas apparently.) These melt in your mouth little tacos were dripping with marinated (secret) juices.
5	This is the most amazing Mexican food I've ever had. If you come more than once I guarantee they will remember you.  I highly suggest the pork anything. If you come here for after bar food I know your sober self will be surprised at how much better it is sober, trust me. Been there done that.
1	Sorry but I have a different opinion. They give you mostly hard meat. Not real meat and it's not worth the price
2	I'll start with the good- the tortillas and the nice ladies at the checkout. Now the bad- really fatty meat in the carne asada tacos; you might have a few decent bites, but eventually you're going to get a chunk of fat that you'll have try to discretely spit out in front of your friends and family. The al pastor has a bizarre too-red color that I've never seen in al pastor tacos in Mexico. I'm not sure if it's dye or something better, but I'm a little afraid of it. The line/ordering system- this is truly terrible. There are three lines for the different kinds of tacos. You can't get all three in one line and the lines are REALLY long. People shamelessly try to cut in front of you in line. Not really a pleasant experiences and the place isn't cheap.
5	Tacos are just as great as the strip location.  But be ready for a wait during peak hours.
3	I love tacos el Gordo!! Their buche tacos are the best in town. They get 3 stars because they are a bit over priced, and the rude lady at the cash register that refused to give me more salsa. I was pregnant, my husband and I got around 10 tacos (I was eating for 2) and the lady only gave me 2 salsas. When I asked for more she said the tacos already came w salsa!!! Wtf is wrong with thi girl!!!! I had 10 tacos in my hands, are you serious!!! Needless to say their mediocre choice for staff made them lose some really good customers!!
5	Amazing carne asada fries! These are definitely the best carne asada fries I have ever had. There is a large selection of different tacos to pick from here and the service is super fast. My boyfriend and I found this little treasure when we were visiting Vegas with his family and everyone enjoyed it. I remember that it was scorching hot that day so I got a popsicle from the little mini freezer and it was so perfect! Definitely come visit this place on your next Vegas trip!
5	Holy shit this place is heaven I  don't like pork a lot and I can only it the spicy pork at this place
5	I've been hearing about this place for a long while from various friends, specifically one friend. Finally decided to try it when near the area. Super busy location. First time ive been to a restaurant like this. There are different lines for different things you want. Top favorite meat among a lot of people is the spicy pork (adobada). Then of course, you have the usual carne asada, as well as the more "exotic" eats like stomach, tongue, etcTheir taco's are priced pretty much around the same price ~$2/ea with exception to the tongue being $2.25Aside from the tacos, another popular thing that was suggested were carne asada fries. Being one who has tried carne asada fries in the past from another place (Roberto's), i was eager to try these ! Adobada - spicy pork, freshly sliced off the rotating spit. Seasoned nicely. Not spicy (sadly) but still deliciousCarne Asada - Freshly cooked on the hot plate and sliced. More towards the medium  to medium well but still fairly tender. Would like a less meat temp cook but they probably use a better quality or cut of meat to produce a nice tender texture. Pork Stomach - simmering in an unknown broth, cut upon order. Very tender and flavorful. Beef Tongue (lengua) - same as the stomach, cut upon order. Super flavorful and tender. Tongue has a different texture than normal meat but its porous in a way to soak up some of the broth it was sitting inNice location, which they'd open one up on the west side of town. I believe there's one on the Strip as well.
5	Breaking....my New Year's resolution.So this year's resolution was to eat healthier and to rid myself from any kind of addicted dependency but how can I do it when there's a f 'kng taco dealer in almost every corner here in Vegas? Specially tacos El Gordo where they can hook you up  with the purest and tastiest al pastor, asada , lengua and tripas tacos. So delicious and so addicting you would think that Walter White was actually doing all the cooking for you. Service is great friendly and efficient, the place is also very clean there's always an employee going around picking up trays and cleaning tables since this place is always packed with taco junkies. Every time I feel the urge to move to Colorado I stop at tacos El Gordo to remind myself of a reason to stay in Vegas. I swear nothing could beat a rolled taco with cilantro at tacos El Gordo. I only wish they were open 24 hours since is usually at the very late hours of the night when I start getting all those taco withdrawals after consuming a few spirited beverages.They open late till 2am on weekdays and till 4 am weekends so make sure you leave the party or the club before that time so you can ingest some alcohol absorber. sometimes I get there late ( yes, I'm the one who knocks ) and end up looking for Roberto for an inferior fix.I have tried other places and this are the tastiest and best street style tacos in town by far for the price. Take a break from that treadmill, throw those diet pills away and get yourself some antacids instead and drive to tacos El Gordo right now for some instant satisfaction.Why? .....Because I say so!
4	GOOD GOD. Al pastor fries and al pastor tacos. Perfect.
5	Great spot. Worth the wait n the $$$. The carne asada was great n el pastor meat delicious.
4	delicious "Carne Asada" you can ever tray in Vegas, I'ii find the way to go back soon
4	Best taco shop in Vegas! Only issue here it's always so busy but well worth the wait. The staff is friendly.
5	Two words to describe this taco joint... Authentic-mouthwatering-delicious-up all night-dreaming of these bomb tacos! Oops! That was more than two words! Being pretty new to Vegas I find it really difficult to find ethnic foods that I enjoy. Most "ethnic" food joints lack authenticity in Vegas. Food is either to greasy or lacking flavor. Nothing like good ol Cali...but that's besides the point. I felt like my soul was set free when I took a bite into the carne asada tacos. Brought me back to the streets of LA. The carne asada fries are HUGE and made with perfection! The french fries are crisp and not floppy and soggy. Washing all this down with an ice cold horchata....a blissful intoxication!
5	This one by far is the best taco place in Las Vegas.. It's off the strip but worth the dive .. They have another location on the strip but it's not the same at all .. Take a drive to this location and u will love it here
3	Food was ok, i just hated how you had to stand in different lines to order your food, that was just way too confusing. I am not really a big fan of mexican food, so my opinion might be biased. Would i be willing to drive all the way to the east side to eat their tacos? Probably not. If somebody brought tacos from there will i eat it? Sure will. So that pretty much sums up my review for this place. :)
4	THANK GOD THIS IS SO CLOSE TO DOWNTOWN. Amazing prices, great food, great hours, and easily accessible. Tacos El Gordo is great for the late night drunchies or any time meal. They do also offer free grilled onions and chiles if you request them. Don't forget to pick up some candy or ice cream for dessert! arroz con leche or cafe popsicle is my personal favorite
5	Very authentic. Super tasty.These street tacos compare to those I would get in mexico. Very friendly service. Good prices. Averaging $2 a taco. Great hours. Open late nights.There's a line for each type of meat taco you want to put in. Example: adobada (delicious), cabeza, lengua etc. It's better than a roberto's or a taco bell for sure. Lot of hispanic people here so you know it's good.
5	Probably the best taco place in Vegas. My favourite is the Al pastor but j recommend you try something different every time you visit. Thats what i do and i usually like what I get.
5	So authentic!!! It is extremely tasty!! My brother in law brought us here Sunday night quick everything was made right in front of us! Even totillas so that was a plus for sure.  I'm from California n was missing our taco trucks. This is definitely the spot if you're visiting Las Vegas n want some real Mexican food!!
5	I loooove this place. Tacos el Gordo, by far, has the best tacos in Las Vegas!!! I absolutely love the spicy pork tacos; don't get just one cause you'll be back in line asking to order another one. The price is also extremely reasonable which is definitely a plus.
5	Slice of mexico city street food in Vegas
5	Hands down best taco spot in Vegas. My favorite are the tacos, mulitias, and vampiros adobados. Might be the most delicious and affordable meal on the strip.
5	As a lifelong lover of the TJ taco, this place( hands down) is the best in all of Nevada.Tacos El Gordo will knock your socks off! Every taco is hand crafted from the finest ingredients. Depending on what protein you want, you line up at the appropriate station. I am a big fan of their adobada. Spit roasted pork seasoned with chile and pineapple. That of course in served on top of a made in front of your face tortilla. I get mine "con todo"which means with a sprinkling of diced onion and cilantro with a drizzle of their house salsa and liquid magic green sauce ( a avocado/pineapple aoli) FOOD HEAVEN.Want to be WOWed? Try the Campachana fries. What is champachana fries you ask? They are basically shoestring fries with an Adobada taco on top.
5	If I can say one thing about this place located in Vegas is this, It's amazing. Some of the best tacos in Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed. I got the carnitas and carne asada, both were delicious. Stop reading this and go there now!
5	This is the real deal!!!When you go in, you will be hard pressed to find a Gringo eating here. Just read my fellow reviewers reviews, and you'll see that the variety and quality are unsurpassed.Always Latino families, and if you don't speak Spanish or have any idea what to order, your fellow Latino diners will gladly give you suggestions and help you order. My only suggestion; Have one of your companions grab a table, while you put in the order. This place beats any other place in town for authenticity. Don't miss out!!!
5	In Vegas, you won't know tacos until you come to Tacos El Gordo.Well, what about it makes it so amazing? Everything. This is not a typical taco stand or a Roberto's that around your corner, this is amazingness in a taco. You start off going up to a different portion of the counter and ordering something that is specific for that portion of the counter. I have tried a lot of different kinds of tacos, but the most appealing taco for me is the adobada taco. The meat is cut off a rotating roaster kind of thing and if you are lucky enough to get it off of it, the tacos are even more amazing. Those are personally my favorite, and I'm sure it is popular amongst other customers as well. They also have an adobada version of these in fries, you know, like carne asada fries, but with adobada, and I perosnally think it is way more delicious, and so if you like carne asada fries, I recommend trying the adobada fries.Sometimes it can get a little hectic ordering from the counter and it might be a little complicated if you can't speak Spanish, but you should still be able to get away with ordering still. The dining area isn't too bad at all and once you take a bite of the food, you'll be enjoying yourself. Tacos can run about $2 each, which may be on the pricier side, but still delicious nonetheless.
4	I hardly ever eat Mexican food but a friend kept telling me how good this place is and also very affordable. It is open until 2am weekdays and 4am wknds, so after my late night workout i was starving so I decided to check it out.  It is not in the best area of Vegas and there is an armed metro cop on duty to diffuse any potential problems which I could definitely see something shady going down in the surrounding area. I'm sure the cop is a good thing and makes customers feel safer going there.  It was kind of a rough crowd the night that i went but then again it was a Friday night around 11 pm. If i went again which I probably would I would avoid weekend nights. The place was packed which is another good sign as far as quality. I had no idea what to order so I got a Quesedilla and a few Carne Asada tacos.  They were both very authentic. Some of the best mexican food I can remember having.  Especially the Quesedilla. It was so good i thought about turning around and getting another one (I did a to go order)I would go back but realistically I do not live to close so it wont be happening anytime soon! I only give it 4 stars due to the location and surrounding area. I have to take a point away due to the fact it is in the hood with an armed Metro officer on duty. Nothing to do with the food. Food is great!
5	These tacos are sooooo good. They rival anything I've had in Cali or Arizona. FYI Arizona sucks when it comes to mexican food.
3	Good tacos and nice setup.  Should be cheaper though. 2 bucks a taco? If you are ok with the price - but I've had tacos just as good and much cheaper.  Breakfast for two was 30.00!
5	Best. Tacos. Ever.You haven't had tacos until you've had them at this place. I envy anyone that lives near a Tacos El Gordo. That used to be me until I moved from San Diego to Chicago. People in Chicago rave about tacos and Mexican food but it pales in comparison to this place.Order the cabeza tacos. Sure, it sounds disgusting. But I love head! *insert dirty joke here* No seriously though. The meat is moist, sweet and delicious. The perfect taco.Also, be sure to save room for some adobada mulas. I never knew what a mula was until I came here. Basically, it's a quesadilla version of their taco. SO GOOD!This location is open until 2am on the weekends so do yourself a favor and make a stop here. Leave the club early if you have to. It's worth it.
5	I don't regularly eat red meat but in this case I made an exception everything is wonderful with all the sauces they put on for you go perfectly with each taco, I'm very impressed. Btw most people that work in this establishment mainly speak Spanish but don't be afraid to ask them questions or another nearby customers, someone helped me with some questions I had and she didn't even work there!
5	This place has been set up for organized chaos. There were 3 lines. Each one was for a specific type of meat. The line for the al pastor was the longest of the three.  The man was amazingly quick.  Made the tortillas warm, carved off some meat, scooped some onions, salsa and a guacamole crema. My sister was in line for the lengua. This server was just as quick and efficient. After getting our tacos, paid and got seated at one of the few empty seats. Started with the lengua. The lengua was not tough at all. Melt in your mouth amazing. The tortillas were full of flavor and the salsa was a perfect match.  Then went on to the al pastor. The flavor of the meat was great. The meat was tender and the sauces made it even better. The tortillas was dunked in the juices from the al pastor. Had this meal at 12:30am and I was already full but it was so worth it. I heard that the one near the Wynn always had a line for the lengua and the shorter lines were for the other meats. The location is a bit far off since it is in downtown but it is worth the drive. Definitely going to try to come back. Puts LA taco trucks to shame.
5	Some of the best Mexican food hands down .the food is made fresh and it looks real authentic . If you ever have a chance to try this place I highly recommend it .
5	1.  Thank you Yelpers for the recommendation.2.  Get off the strip and come try these tacos.  They are one of a kind and well worth the effort of finding a way to get here.  Words cannot describe how good these things are!   Other pros -- the tacos are super cheap - dirt cheap - compared to anything on or near the strip.  They also take credit cards!3.  Adobada.4.   Learn to say Adobada -- that's what you're going to want to order!I tried a variety of tacos.  All were great, but my favorite was the Adobada.  The line for those specific tacos is longer than the rest.  Anytime I'm in LAs Vegas, I will definitely make a trip to grab a few tacos.I'm telling you -- go now!
5	Can't believe it's taken so long to visit El Gordo. Here's the rundown:Yes it's greasy Mexican food. No, it cannot be good for you. Yes, the adobada fries are the best I've ever had. No, I am not sorry I ate them all (in my defense, half an order). It gets hectic inside so pay attention and move swiftly! I ordered the half order of adobada fries ($5) and they were more than enough. Good fry to meat ratio, and absolutely delicious!!Yes, I will be returning. No, I will not bring you back a taco.
5	delicious is all i got to say! just had these about 2 days ago & cannot get them out of my mind! if you are in the area & dont stop by than your loosing out!el pastor is slow cooked & my fav!
5	I feel like I eat this every other week =____=;; LOL Adobado fries all day! Was not a fan of anything else :(
5	Best tacos in the sacramento area! Keep coming back!
5	The best $4 I have spent on tacos!  Yum, yum, yum...
5	Amazing tacos. We ate here at 1am on our way home from the Strip. The adobada fries are just as good as everyone else on yelp raves. Seriously don't miss it. We had asada, adobada, and chorizo tacos as well as the fries (6 total), plus a soda, all for under $20. Great deal, great food.
4	Are you hungry? Is it 1AM?Do you have $4?If you answered yes to any of these questions, drive to Tacos El Gordo immediately.The first thing you'll see is a massive rotating tower of succulent pork.Next to the pork is a friendly gentleman wielding a sword-sized knife.They carve the meat into fresh tortillas while you order. All the ingredients seem fresh and unprocessed.If you're looking to get as fat as possible, get a half-order of "campenchana fries."If you're staying fit, just get a couple of tacos. I estimate them at around 250 calories each, and you'll feel extremely satisfied for $4.Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they don't really have a signature vegan/vegetarian selection to write home about. Several of my friends are vegan/vegetarian, and that means I can't go here as often as I'd like, because there aren't any truly delicious options for them.But I'm an omnivore and Tacos El Gordo is still the best taco joint I've ever been to!
5	The asada tacos are so good! The best I've had in Vegas. Just order them the way they come. Only $2 each, and the service was super quick even though they were really busy.
5	Had the carne asada and chorizo tacos. Both very good. Taste like the ones we eat in Tecate, MX. Will definitely be back next time we are in town.
4	Went at my brother's suggestion late on a Sunday morning just before heading back home after a trip to Vegas recently.I wasn't impressed with the carne asada tacos.  The meat wasn't as grilled or seasoned as I like it, but it was fresh, so I'll give them that.  The avocado salsa was delicious.They would have gotten 2 stars if not for the ... AL. PASTOR. TACOS.  Sweet baby Jesus.  They were incredible.  Crispy meat, perfectly seasoned. That alone brought the rating up to a solid 4 stars.Not a fan of having to stand in different lines depending of the type of tacos you want, but now I know that next time I'm in Vegas, I won't have to bother with anything other than that al pastor line, so no biggie.
5	I recommend this place to all my friends visiting Vegas.  Often times the Strip will cripple tourists' funds, so a cheap, delicious place to eat on the strip is ideal.Get the adobada tacos, they're probably the best I've had.  The guy on weekends can also throw the sauce in the air and catch it in a taco...
5	I had no idea Tacos El Gordo was also in Vegas! I went to San Diego for college and discovered Tacos El Gordo there. So, when I found out there's two locations in Vegas too, I was pretty stoked.I've been to this location and to the one right on the strip. I went to this one recently because one of the cab drivers we had that day said this location was way better. Anyhow, it's all about them adobada tacos! I always eat 3 of these when I go. Gets me pretty full, too! And this time, my friends and I shared the carne asada fries. I thought they were good, too. The fries were crispy and not soggy, so that was a plus for me! If you want some pretty bomb tacos that you'll ever have in your life, you have to hit up Tacos El Gordo (in Vegas OR San Diego!).
5	Since we haven't been 2 TJ for a few years whenever we're in Vegas we make it a point to stop in and have tacos...  The best freakin tacos I swear
5	tacos el gordo aka the holy grail of tacos. I mean it does not get better than this. One day..I am going to get something here other than tacos. but everytime I come, the adobada with pineapple keeps calling my name.  It's just good I mean theres no other way to put it. I also like the cabeza and suadero. Every now and then I mix it up but I always get, atleast one of each;  adobada and buche. buche is well cooked, the taste is different from others I had, for some reason I like this much better than anyone else's. Even though I rave about the adobada, I have to say it's 2nd to another taco place in town...but..hey  they're open late, fairly priced, you cannot go wrong here. this is one of the places you must try before you die. no other way to put it.
5	Service is great, positive attitudes and smiles all day long even when they are busy, and I mean they can be busy but I am more then willing to wait for my food, this is one of the few places in Las Vegas that actually has has all of the rare authentic Mexican food that's hard to find anywhere else (head, stomach, intestines), if your not into that type of food no worries, I've almost had everything on the menu and I haven't been disappointed once I come here at least twice a week, and I would recommend this place to anyone who is serious about great food.
4	Excellent tacos, slightly chaotic process....The tacos al pastor are crazy delicious. The abadoba fries cannot be beat (I did not eat any, but the person I bought them for ate literally non stop and with a vengeance). Some people don't like the $2.00 per taco price, but most places are around $1.79 - $1.89 and don't come close. So  less than a quarter more per taco for 10 X's the flavor is still a good deal to me. The only drawback is the process. You get to the window, belt out your order, hang back and wait. You need to keep an eagle eye on your food otherwise it might unintentionally walk off. After that you wander over to the cashier and pay. Don't get me wrong, it works, just a bit unorganized is all. With that said, the staff is great and the place is very clean. Also, I would (as mentioned in my other reviews) hit the tip jar when you place your order. It not only helps the staff out but almost always insures an exceptional meal.
5	The Pastor is the same as in TJ. AMAZING. Try the soaps. They have a very crispy crunch to it.
5	I AM OBSSESED WITH THESE TACOS!!!! Right now i dont live any where near any of their current locations, but I ALWAYS make the trip. Im so excited for the new location opening 10 mins from my house!!! Anyways, my fav are the tacos de adobada with the guac dressing topped of with abit of lime and radish....HEAVEN!! I know a couple of the employees there and they are always very nice! Definately a MUST TRY for authentic tacos.
5	Incredible, authentic flavors. MUST try the adobada mulas style (animal style) on corn tortillas...it comes with salty Mexican cheese, salsa, cilantro, fresh lime and creamy avocado sauce. This is by far the best taco I have ever eaten! Corn tortillas are homemade, flavors of the meat, salsas, and cilantro combined are such a vibrant taste. Reasonable prices and an absolute must stop!
5	Wow! Wasn't expecting that! Food was awesome. place is not fancy and is very busy but lines move fast. Gonna stop here again next time in Vegas!
2	I came here for lunch last weekend and I wont be back. There's nothing special about these tacos. I've had better asada, lengua, & cabeza tacos. The adobada tacos are pretty good. The concept of ordeing your food is pretty cool but it sucks because your food gets cold by the time you sit down to eat. You have to stand in one of three lines to order the tacos. The adobada ones are closest to the door so we decided to get some because there was no wait period & thats what we did wrong! By the time we sat down to eat them they were very cold because there was a long line to get the asada ones. It was about $20ish for 6 tacos, 1 mula, & a drink! :/ . . . Go next door instead!
4	Great fast eat.  Tasty.  Affordable
5	The best tacos in the area hands down! You can tell by the line this place is good and definitely worth the wait. The green sauce they put on the spicy pork tacos is out of this world good! I cant give this place enough stars!
4	Great place for some tacos! Expect long lines! I will say that you have to inconveniently order certain items on separate lines... Which takes longer to get your food. :/Also, pay after you get the food, but before you sit down. The cashiers will stare at you. Oops, we were first timers and didnt know their protocols.
5	Small bites, good food ... Bring friends and conquer each station.  Street taco in Vegas achievement unlocked.
2	As a taco master back in la, I can confidently judge tacos.I was hungry and wanted a quick fix so I popped by this joint.  It was interesting how different meats had different lines. I settled on El lengua taco and cabeza and carne asada fries. I was disappointed by the flavors. Everything tasted smokey, as if it needed a grill change.Also, it's quite pricey for the tacos compared to la tacos. Overall, I'll skip tacos in vegas.
5	OMG! tacos and quesadillas which a completely different than ur average one are AMAZING! oh and let me not forget the carneasada fries!!! U need to try those! A must have!! I introduced my friends to this place and they loved it!! Only negative is the line but it's understandable for the food
3	About one step closer to authentic than Roberto's as Roberto's is from Macayo's.  The meat choices include all the usual including tripas, which is one step closer to authentic than lengua, which lengua is pretty much as far as Roberto's goes.  The Mexican community really likes this restaurant so it must be good!You usually have to wait in one line to order a certain kind of meat and then another line handles the more exotic items.  Usual stuff but the food is much better than Tacos Mexico.  I'm not much of a Mexfood fan so 3 stars is really generous and if you do like it than you may rate it higher.  It is still very delicious.
5	This place is rated GAF (Good as F***). That is all. If you have a fitness life, beware that this is not good for your workout days, not much, if any, healthy alternatives. Pig out on a cheat day!
5	The Tacos El Gordo in San Diego do not have vampiros so love this place for that. Don't forget to order your nopales asados with all the fixings.
4	Good and authentic. Don't be intimidated if you don't speak Spanish. Order some brains.
5	I always stop in here when I'm in Vegas.  It's always busy regardless if I arrive at 11:00am or 10:00pm.  That's how I know it's good.  Ordered tacos al pastor & carne asada.  Best tacos in Vegas as far as I'm concerned.
5	Best tacos in Vegas. This place is always packed and I can't get enough of their tacos al pastor. I really enjoyed there buche tacos and for the affordable price of $2 you can get a full meal for the entire family for under $30 which is a deal to me in Las Vegas.
5	You'll get your tacos faster than you can say horchata and bursting with flavor. My favorite is the al pastor...anything...fries, tacos, etc. If it has the al pastor, I'm down. Their horchata is hit or miss. Sometimes it's too sweet
5	Great food here. Definitely the best I've found in Vegas and up there with the best I've had outside of Mexico. Just be careful when you order. If your pronunciation is not clear, you may end up with something other than what you wanted. I asked for an adovada taco and ended up with an asada. Not a bad substitution, but my Spanish isn't always crystal clear.
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas. Adobada is very good. The carne asada has a smokey flavor from the mesquite charcoal grilling. Faster lines than the strip location, shady location, nice employees.
5	Let's face it, anyone can fry up some tortillas, throw on some lettuce, onions, diced tomatoes, a little meat, and some salsa or hot sauce.  That's not what this is.  This place should be called "Taco el Perfection" because that's what it is.  Taco y Taco has nothing on the delicious, perfect recipes that this place has put together.  Every taco we ate was divine.  Beware of the 15 minute wait at lunch... it's worth the wait so much that we waited in line a second time to get more tacos.    And it's cheap!  Damn, this place is good!
5	Variety choices of meat. Three different stations to order by meat. Love their fries. Very clean and nice people. I would come back for sure
5	At $2 per taco, or something like that, I took down over $20 in food.  Yes it is that good!  I kept going back for more.  I love that Spanish is the official language of choice in this place.  I loved that they cut the meat right in front of you and as you order you aren't sure if you are ordering something weird like tongue or liver or brain.  Who knows, but really who cares.
4	Al pastor/adobada, whatever you call it, get it here!  So good.   The meat is tender, with a little fat and chew.  I was hoping for some crisp/ char but I didn't find it at this place.  The three lines here were a little offputting for me.  I knew I wanted the adobada tacos (~$2) and didn't waste any time.  I did add an order of the mula (essentially a quesadilla with meat inside) and it was ok (~$4).  I wish the cheese they used was more flavorful.  Make sure to ask for grilled chiles, onions, and pineapples for your adobada tacos.  Also, someone suggested mula w/ flour tortillas tastes better than corn tortillas.  I will definitely be back.Other important info: lines are crazy long and inconvenient because you have to get into different lines depending on what type of meat/cut you want, limited seating, pina colada fountain drink totally hit the spot, limited salsa offerings, did I mention the long lines and confusing ordering process?!
3	Walking in, you can see by crowd it must be good. We were there kinda late too. Menu is simple, which I love because, not many choices leads to fast ordering. I didn't order, and let my boyfriend order, because I am not good at Spanish, and would be embarrassed if I said something incorrectly. I was not familiar with a few things on the board, so he wanted me to try the tacos first, and then if I didn't like them, we had a second option to order something I know. He ordered the Tacos and asked what else I would like as a second option. I asked for the quesadilla, and asked do they have chicken? The guy cutting the meat, gave me a mean look and bluntly said "Does this look like El Pollo Loco? Where does it say Chicken?" My boyfriend just defused the situation and just asked for some meat and we walked off to get our order. I was so embarrassed. I do not know why he had to come off so mean... Right there, I felt out of place. I just wanted to take our order and leave.. The food was good and I didn't even need the second order because I loved the Tacos. They look small but they are filling. Will I go back? No. To embarrassed I guess I can't read.
4	Great food. Limited menu, but what they do they do very well. Wanted to eat here for a long time after hearing about it from friends and reading the reviews, I was not disappointed. Great value, and tasty. If you get the adobadas with everything be sure they include the pineapple bits.
3	Went to tacos El Gordo today after hearing about how great it was  and it was really good,  the line was long and standing in the different lines for different meat was challenging while I was starving but the AL pastor was great,  the tacos were tasty and I would definitely go back again for sure.
3	Good tacos, 3rd on my list of Vegas taco joints. Los Tacos and Abuela's Tacos are better.
4	AMAZING TACOS ALL DAY LONG! The only reason I am giving them 4 stars is due to the ridiculous wait times to get food and then you have to get in line again to pay. They need a better way to expedite.
5	There are a lot of wild things that we couldn't translate on the menu.  We played it safe and went with spicy pork tacos and a beef taco and tostada which were great.  Next time we will be more adventurous and order a bunch of items.
5	We were visit Las Vegas and checking out places to eat...Tacos El Gordo does not disappoint! Simple menu but several mix ups available. Definitely bookmarking this place!
4	The best mexican spot in vegas. I enjoy it but it's always so packed.
1	This place is gross! The carne asada meat is horrible... You're basically eating tortillas with nothing but nerves, skin, and fat. I guess you get what you pay for... Never will I come back again.
4	My bf and I ate here yesterday. First I would like to mention the seating is very limited and be prepared to wait....I was in line for 30 min!! They have three different lines where you order different kinds of meat or so that's how it appears. Little did we know that you can pretty much get in any line and order whatever you want. They should make that clear because it can be somewhat confusing. Anyhow once we finally got all our tacos they were good, the adobada, tripa and taco azteca were my favorite. They did in fact taste like TJ tacos. A bit pricey though, typically a taco runs you about $1.00-$1.50 but here they are $2.00 and they are not big....2-3 bites.
5	taco lovers plz eat here! u r missin out if u haven't had tacos here. the brisket and steak are my faves! the service is quick and efficient. theres tons of parking and the prices are perfect!
5	The tacos al pastor are the best I've had outside of Mexico. If you get an order of fries ($2) it is enough for 4 people.
5	Oh. My. Gordo.When I see a spit full of deliciously spiced and marinated pig slowly rotating and being carved by a dude with a machete, I get in line. Immediately. Here at Tacos El Gordo, there are lines for their different meats: carne asada on the left, lengua and others in the middle, and al pastor on the right. Let's cut to the chase: get in the line on your right. The al pastor/adobada is PHENOMENAL and worthy of an ALL-CAPS adjective. Perfectly seasoned, tender with just a bit of char on the exterior, it's served on a warm, freshly made tortilla. Don't forget to ask for grilled jalapenos, onions, and pineapple on the side. The lines are long, but they move quickly. After you have your tray full of tacos (or fries, mulas, sopas, quesadillas, or tostadas), go to the cashier and pay. You also buy your drinks here. It's your typical taco shop ambiance, casual and divey, yet clean and friendly. On our initial visit, my wife and I were wandering around trying to find  seats when one of the workers cleared out a space near the cash register just for us. Excellent service!Ignore the reviewers complaining about the $2 per taco price tag. Each taco is generously filled with al pastor that is much better than what you'll find at your typical restaurant or truck. In fact, I'd bet that these same reviewers would gladly pay $2 for 2 tacos with less meat (and of lower quality) because it sounds like a better deal. It only takes one taste of Tacos El Gordo's al pastor to know you're getting your money's worth and then some. Highly recommended.
5	The marinated pork tacos are the best I have personal ever had hands down.  Still not a fan of there decision of having split lines for different tacos, but its worth it!
5	What's a trip to the West Coast without some authentic Mexican tacos? No where in New York {to my knowledge} has tacos as authentic as the ones I've had in California, notably El Chato Taco Truck and El Taurino in Los Angeles.So naturally, during our week in Vegas, we needed to hunt down the best tacos. With glowing recommendations from friends, we trekked to Tacos El Gordo. Ordering was intimidating at first with Spanish flying across the room. Each meat was sectioned off, so if you wanted to order Carne Asada tacos, you'd have to go to a specific section, and so on. I wanted to try them all, so I went from right to left, with my al pastor {pork} taco first, a lengua {beef tongue} taco, and then finally my two carne asada {steak} tacos accompanied by my small {but still relatively large} helping of carne asada fries.Tacos El Gordo was well worth the hype surrounding it. There was always a generous amount of meat in each taco, which was balanced out with the onions, cilantro, salsas, and of course, a warm tortilla. I wish I took some more pictures, but I was too excited about my carne asada fries, eep! Lastly, I got a guava juice pop, the perfect ending to my meal and perfect for combating the dry Vegas heat.As one of my last meals in Sin City, Tacos El Gordo was the cherry on top of my perfect vacation. I'll be back for more al pastor tacos.
5	This place is straight fire. Everything about it was awesome. The tacos were a little pricey but that is expected when your getting something so savory. The ambience reminded me of south central LA, old school taqueria... I got adobo and carne asada. They also give you some roasted chiles that are awesome. I wish they would give u some chips but it's whatever's. Oh ya the salsa on the tacos is so bomb. Overall straight 5 stars, wish I could've gave itMore.
4	Pretty good food for cheap. Tacos are $2 each and a full order of fries is $10. But you can get half for $5 which is still a good amount. I like coming to this place because the lines are not long at all. I've been to the one on the strip twice and waited over an hour both times. I usually get the al pastor tacos and fries. The green sauce they put on them are insanely good.
5	Food was ridiculous, best lengua tacos I've ever had. If you've never had lengua before but are feeling adventurous, this is place to experiment! The staff was super helpful, they have some off menu items available that they will gladly tell you about. I want to eat all the language tacos they have. I will be here again and again and again. Best Mexican food in Las Vegas in my humble opinion.
5	Al pastor tacos are the best in town! So are the Campechana fries! One of the best spots to eat if you are visiting Las Vegas!
5	PLEASE OPEN ONE IN PHOENIX. This place is so good. I go every time I visit Vegas sometimes more than once. I always get the al pastor tacos or mulas.
3	The tacos are great but the system sucks big time. You have to wait in three different lines if you want three different types of tacos and don't get me started if it's a Friday! C'mon people, modernize and make it one line for everything! 3 stars is all I can give you guys until you change your system.
4	Looking for some great tacos in Vegas? Check this place out. I ordered the carne asada tacos and shared carne asada fries with friends. Because they use real charcoal grills to cook the meat, the tacos had great flavor. Smoky essence and refreshing from the cilantro, onion, salsa garnish. The carne asada fries were good and similar favors like the tacos, but instead of the garnish mentioned, it's topped with cheese. Can't go wrong, but I recommend sharing the fries. They had other tacos such as lengua, pastor, and cabeza, which I'll try next time. Ample parking outside, and we came on a Thursday night and no waiting in line.
4	Good for what it is. If you are expecting a high end hipster burrito place though just keep walking because you came to the wrong place. This is for very authentic style of Mexican tacos and other dishes I would even dare to say if you haven't been there once go with someone who has because you might get lost with the menu.
4	If you're looking for some good, cheap eats outside of the strip, I highly recommending going to this joint. Its a bit out of the strip so I'll look a lot more ghetto, but it's well worth the trip. I was there for a Sunday dinner and boy was it packed. There is plenty of parking. There is a lot of booths and seats, but getting a open booth can be difficult when its busy. Another thing that I didn't like was how to order. There are three lines, but each line you can only order certain stuff. I hope they would change this up soon.If you're looking for a burrito, tough luck. They don't have any here. I decided to try the carne asada fries to go with my tongue, beef and oyo tacos. The meats were fresh and very comparable to something I can get in LA and San Diego. The carne asada fries were really good. The portions were huge, and I liked how they cut the meat. Most places the meat is cut into really small pieces; however, they give prretty big pieces here.The service here is pretty good. The people serving you are pretty friendly and the cashier was really helpful. I wish I could give this place 5 stars, but they really need to improve on how the food is ordered. Other than that, I really enjoyed my dinner here.
5	Tried the adobada fries for the first time and it was amazing! Service was fast and the workers were nice and friendly. I took my order to go since it was packed for a Sunday. Highly recommended if you want to grab a quick and cheap eat!
5	Omg this place was amazing, had the $10 fries with carne asada, cheese and guacamole so delicious best Mexican food ever, the service was also great and very clean  loved it hope they open one soon in L.A.
5	Oh yeah. Tasty and cheap and clean and the people are nice. Homemade tortillas. My favorite meal in Vegas so far.
5	I love it too much here! Only downside is that it's so good there's always a lot of people but the wait is definitely worth it. Must try!!
5	simply the best tacos in Las Vegas. Their Asada is second to none. Their Pastor while good is probably only topped by the Taco Truck on Bonanza and the boulevard. I've had tacos all over this city but this is quite possibly the only place I'll go from now on. I hear their exotic meats are good too but I'm not a fan of the types. I can only say of they're made with the same expertise as the other meats then they're just as delicious. if youre on east Charleston craving a quick bite there's no other place that's better.
4	Simply the best I love going to this taco shop people are always very friendly and the food is great
5	Omg hands down the best lengua tacos... Just the way they make them in TJ. It was heaven in my mouth. Lengua very tender & flavorful. Pastor could have been cooked a little longer for some crisp.  My husband gets his cooked well done bcz it's to raw for his liking. Now that's the way to go & it's super yummy.
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas period. Just like the ones  in TJ Mexico.
5	I dream about this place!It makes me so happy!The tacos al pastor are the best things I have ever ever ever tasted!
4	I'm a taco man, and tacos el gordo is a great local favorite. It's not slap yo mama good, but it doesn't disappoint if you need a quick meal, or just something to settle you from a long night of drinking. Tacos are $2 and lines to get food are separated by whatever meat you want. This location isn't as busy as the strip location thankfully but it does get packed at certain times. The downside of it not being in the strip is that it closes earlier. If you're hanging downtown and need some dank Mexican food then this spot is perfect for you. The tacos are quick and good.im not a particularly big fan of their quesadillas and  The nachos are middle of the road, but somehow the nacho fries are off the chain and probably their best item. It's something that I would recommend sharing because they are big and filling. They also have good jamaica and orange bang if you're into those drinks.
1	Ordered a mulita and a carne asada taco. Cheese in mulita was burnt. Taco had hella cartilage chewies in it and was cold since the guacamole they put on it is ice cold. Overall food wasn't flavorful. I'm still burping up the heavy onion taste hours later.
5	This place gets packed! Try to either get here real early or really late to avoid the crowds and long lines. You'll find an array of meats and condiments to choose from all within a peasants budget! I highly recommend the adobada on anything! The refillable Aguas Frescas is a plus! Most taco shops I go to normally charge an arm and a leg for additional refills haha. Give this place a try for sure if you're in the area.
3	They have limited options on meat but I guess that's the kind of place it's supposed to be. I had steak fries, which used to be covered in cheese and decently portioned steak. I got a charcoaled up thin steak sliced up topping my undercheesed fries. Overall, it served its purpose at 2:30AM. Would only go back at that time.
5	AMAZING "street taco" place. Only $2 a taco! RIGHT??I have been to both locations, this one and the one on the strip.Both are fantastic!I love it SO MUCH! It reminds me of when I have visited Tijuana, then I found out that is where the original one is! YES - so happy!Yes, it kind of looks like a dive. Trust me,Tacos El Gordo makes me one happy GRINGO! - And I am frequently the ONLY Gringo in the place when we are here!Here is the deal- the food is super tasty.The Adobada tacos are my fave! It is spicy pork cooked "gyro style" shaved off one taco at a time! Was also introduced to a "Mulas" taco here. Which is basically a melted cheese, meat of your choice taco sandwich - OMG SO GOOD!Go to either location and enjoy!
5	Best adobada tacos I've had in Vegas.The workers are friendly,the place is clean & open late.Their radishes are huge by the way lol
5	Look, I grew up in San Diego with family in Tijuana, MX. I grew up on these tacos! I've lived in other places that never had SoCal style Mexican food. Now I'm here and so are they and I couldn't be happier than pig in shit! I'm HOME!! LOL!I've been to their original location in Tijuana, I've been to their ones in San Diego and here. I could sit here and write up a play by play action about ALL of their items. SO what I'm gonna do is just sit here and YELL AT YOU TO MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU HAVE TO GO HERE! I DON'T CARE AT WHAT COST. I DON'T CARE IF IT IS OUT OF YOUR WAY. I DON'T CARE IF YOU DON'T GO TO THE EAST SIDE. YOU JUST NEED TO TAKE YOUR ASS THERE AND EAT! EAT IT ALL. Welcome to my home!
4	Greasy, carby food always sounds good after drinking. Actually, pretty much anything tastes good after drinking...except for more alcohol.We went here after a fun night at the club. The other location on the Strip was way too packed and we were way too hungry to wait 30 minutes to stand in line and find a table with other drunk people on the same mission. A 10-minute drive and wait at this location trumps that.We got horchata, carne Asada fries and tacos al pastor.Carne Asada Fries:Even the small portion was a lot. Warm fried potatoes loaded with cheese, carne Asada and guac. 4/5Tacos al Pastor:Spicy meat. Yup, that's all I can remember so, I'm not even going to attempt to be descriptive about it. 4/5We were the only Chinos in this area at 3am. It's all good.
5	Wow, San Diego has moved up the 15 freeway.Great food... need more seating.To die for.
5	Growing up in los Angeles and making trips to Tijuana in my late teens to party should tell you I've got experience in eating my share of great tacos. Tacos el gordo saved my life when I moved to Vegas. Price is fair. But seriously so good!!! I've been looking for this style tacos, Homemade style!!! They turn tables pretty quickly. I've been pretty lucky I always seem to get there right before a large crowd. Don't let lines intimidate you they are quick. Enjoy!!!
5	If you haven't tried this place.. It is definitely a MUST! The food is excellent. The place is ALWAYS immaculately clean! You will see the hard workers there mopping the same area 10 times! The staff is amazing! The carne asada fries are delicious! This place makes me feel like I'm at a taco spot in real Mexico! Prepare for a line! But it's well worth it:)
5	The most delicious asada tacos anywhere! Last month we visited Vegas from Cali & tried their other location. Their tacos al pastor were amazing. I was afraid they may have tasted so delicious because I'd been drinking a lot lol. However, we went back to Vegas this month and gave this place a try. YUM! Their asada tacos are fully loaded and the salsa is delicious. They also have grilled chiles and onions. Mmmm can't wait to go back this month!
5	The food was excellent.  We have a new favorite place for tacos.  Adobada is second to none.  You must try the Mulas.
5	BOMB.COM! This place is absolutely amazing and so worth the wait even at $2 a taco. Everything is on point. I will say I was disappointed with the quesadilla, but only because it's tiny and seems more like a taco; nonetheless, it was delicious. My favorite item was the Vampire on a tostada instead of a tortilla. In general, the tacos (pollo, carne asada, pastor), mulas, vampires, and quesadillas are excellent! The only item I wasn't too happy with was the taco de buche. I've had better and it's greasy. Some of you may not be pleased with the wait and having to battle for a seat. You'd be missing out if that's what is turns you away from this gem of a place. Overall I will take this over a buffet any day. Muy bueno ;)
5	Staying in Las Vegas for the week, and had a hankering for some authentic tacos. I jumped on Yelp, and found the location right off the strip. Unfortunately, after a little bit of running around, it was discovered that the place had just closed down. Much to my surprise, this location is not too far from the strip. The food was pretty dang good, the tortillas homemade, the green salsa had a perfect amount of kick. If you are looking for an authentic Mexican tacos, comparable to something from East LA, this is your place.
5	Yet again, Yelp delivers. Hungry and on the hunt for something local, we came across Tacos El Gordo on Yelp. In an unassuming shopping center off the Las Vegas Strip we found this little gem.....thank you Yelp.Walking in, the place can be somewhat overwhelming. There's like 200 things on the menu (ok, I'm exaggerating a little) and you can line up in like 10 different lines. Depending on what kind of meat you want - you go to that line. They cook the meat fresh - in your face. Right on the grill - a few feet away. Sure, this means you will smell like smoke for the rest of the day, but with casinos in Vegas being smoking and all, I rather smell like carne asada than cigarettes.I got: Sope de asada - Whoa! This thing was pretty massive. It was a fried dough (?) with a ton of toppings like salsa, guac, onions, cilantro and of course carne asada - with a crispy chip on top.Tacos asada - Two tacos with carne asada. Awesome! The wife got some quesadillas - they were a little small, but the cheese was so good! I think it was a white cheese for frying. Pretty tasty.We washed it all down with some Horchata! They have two machines for fountain drinks - one for regular soft drinks and the other one for traditional Mexican drinks! Pretty cool - I would of liked to try some of the other drinks, but was pretty stuffed.The staff was all surprisingly nice. With as busy as everyone seemed they didn't hesitate to answer our questions (the folks cooking all the meat). The cashier was a bit of a character (hey, it's Vegas!) but SUPER nice as well.
5	Okay I've heard about this from so many people that I finally had to try it. Unfortunately the location on the strip is closed now but they have this location near downtown. Interesting way to order, just go down the line until you hit the register with a tray full of food. Seriously great tacos and I'll make sure to always make the drive or taxi for this meal when I'm in town!
4	Went for lunch and managed to beat the massive line that formed for al pastor tacos behind me. No line for the other kinds of tacos. I had 2 al pastor, 1 cabeza (head beef), and 1 lengua (beef tongue). All the meats were excellent. The cook making the al pastor tacos oiled up the tortillas so they didn't stick to the paper whereas the one making the cabeza and lengua did not, making it hard to peel the taco off the paper it comes in.Quite frankly I'd give it five stars if it was tad cheaper and the tortilla didn't stick to the paper wrapper. Plenty of strip mall parking. When I was there I was one of maybe 3 non-hispanics among 50+ people. Everyone was real nice.
5	I've been back a few times and seriously, this place...is awesome! I can't believe it, how do they do it? Everyone who works here is so nice and happy. I like all the tacos. I eat all the tacos. I smile about the tacos. Thank you place.
5	This place is packed!!! Definitely worth the wait....best tacos I have ever had. Must haves are: adobada, cabeza and grilled onions & jalapenos. Will come back for another visit.
3	Got myself al pastor and tripas , and they were pretty good , but never compared to the tacos el gordo from Tijuas.....I will recommend still , but be prepared to spend above average
3	Went to this taco place on a Saturday and was not prepared to see the amount of disorder. They have 3 different lines but only sell specific meats in each line. I don't understand how this could be efficient whatsoever. For example if you want carne asada and pastor you have to get in line twice, and these lines are not short. Good thing we went in a group and we all split up once we knew what we each wanted. Someone was designated carne asada, another pastor and someone scouted for a table to sit because it was so full. The tacos were good but I wouldn't say worth waiting and going through so much hassle.
5	I came here at night for a late night dinner.  Man, living in LA where we have hundreds of taco places, I have NEVER seen a taco place this packed.  There was basically no room for you to walk around and the lines are long.  Make sure you read what sign for each line, because its different meat.  The best way is to have a least one other person so you can have multiple choices of meat.  If you ate by yourself you'll have to get in line twice :(. Anyways, we got the carne asada and al pastor.  I love the charcoal taste of the carne asada, but waitttt the al pastor was every better.  The al pastor with the sauce was perfect.  This is definitely one of the best tacos I've ever had.  I think I'll have to stop by the San Diego location, which is closer to me!
5	This is real Mexican food. If you're a first timer, you're going to want to try some of what you think will be good. Lemme save you the trouble--don't. Just get the al pastor tacos. It's a marinated pork combined in spices and chiles, and Tacos El Gordo does it fantastically! It's cooked to perfection. You see them cut up the meat in front of you similar to how you'd see shawarmas prepared. Meat is full of flavor and moist. I've also had the lengua and the carne asada. Carne asada is fine, it was slightly on the burnt side for me and the lengua was meh. I'd recommend getting the al pastor over anything else.Next time I have got to try the mulas, which are like mini quesadillas sandwiching your taco of choice. I heard great things about it after I ordered. TIP: Look at the signs and line up in the line with the al pastor tacos! That is where you order your al pastor. The signs tell you which line have which items. Follow that.
5	This place is always packed no matter what time of days. My husband and I had to eat there again before we headed back home. We were both still amazed of its adobada's awesomeness. Every time we took a bite, we were just savoring its deliciousness. This place clearly serves the best tacos, especially the adobada. So, for you who is wondering if this place worth the wait in long lines? The answer is...heck YES! I wish I live nearby so I can it there often.
2	I will have to admit, If you want real Mexican food in Las Vegas, El Gordo is the place. And yes it is way far from the strip. We literally walked down here from where we were staying at, but it was fun. Enchiladas, tiny mini tacos are the best. Taste real good as if you were in TJ or East L.A. My only annoyance is the huge crowd and some of the element of ghetto people it attracts. The place is big with a few tables and outside tables, but it can get really noisy when trying to order food. Chilli fries are really good, and i like the fact that i can watch the employees cook and prepare the food. Great place, i hope to come back on a less crowded night.
5	This place is awesome!!! Great prices and portions!!! Took my wife and she loved it! I've been here several times and they have yet to let me down!
5	The most amazing tacos I ever had. Went on a friday afternoon and the place was packed. Not easy to get a table, long lines that move really slow, but it's worth the wait and the pushing. The "must have" are the Tacos de lengua and tacos de tripa. Sopes and quesadillas are good. Don't forget to ask for your free tostadas, guacamole and salsa.
5	Most definitely one of the best if not the best tacos I have ever had. I got their lengua, cabeza, and carne asada tacos and I have to tell you... it is amazing. I really have nothing else to say. There are so many words that describe the greatness of this place but... I just can't. Speechless. PRO TIP: The wait is pretty long so definitely expect a long line... Come with 3 or more people so that you guys can wait in the 3 separate lines. There are three different lines (stations) with different meats so if you come with more people, you guys can wait in separate lines and get more variety. That's pretty much all you have to know. NOW GO!
4	They are probably the best tacos in Vegas! You definitely have to try the adobada tacos, delicious and authentic mexican styled tacos!!! Greasy and juicy meat melts in your mouth, they are inexpensive and the line to order is always long !!!! What that tells you?
4	There are three lines for different meats. Carne Asada tacos not worth the wait, BUT the AL PASTOR are worth the wait!!
5	This place is by far the best for tacos! It is also open during the wee hours of the morning. Whenever a friend comes to visit I take them here. This place has amazing carne asana tacos and does not lack on quality and the spices are very flavorful. The horchata fountain drink was also amazing. Some restaurants will "water down" this drink and the taste gives this away. However this place has unmatchable BOLD flavor in their drinks and tacos with reasonable pricing.
3	tacos are good but today they weren't as good as last time!
5	After driving to its location on Las Vegas Blvd and seeing that it was closed, we yelped this location and quickly drove over to get our taco fix.Now, there were separate lines depending on what kind of meat you wanted when we went so our line for the adobado (marinated pork) was the longest. When we were finally at the front, yes, Tacos Al Pastor were ordered. Before Tacos El Gordo, I didn't even like tacos and now I love them.Fun Al Pastor trivia: The vertical rotisserie that the meat is spun on is called the trompo and the meat is thinly sliced off from the spit.After you collect your goodies then go pay the cashier (you can also choose your drink now) and try to find a table to sit at. What made this location my favorite: We had been looking around for tables while we stood in line, but man, some people definitely wanted those seats. After we paid and walked around to see if a table would free up, an employee came by and asked if it was just the two of us. We said yes, and she said to follow her to a different section and they made us our own table to sit at. Thank you for this!
5	I come here almost every time  I visit Vegas! I've tried their tacos and sopes de asada and al pastor and both a freakin delicious! Their asada fries look so good, I may have to try it next time. I visited their location on the strip once and it was pretty bad. Yesterday we found out they closed that location and relocated. I honestly prefer this one anyways. Food taste way better here.
5	Delicious tacos. Customer service is great.The only dislike is the long wait to get food from three different lines and to get a table to sit and eat. Overall it's worth the wait and we'll be coming back next time we are in Vegas.
1	I'm sorry but after waiting in line for one hour and I ordered a bunch of stuff, I was very disappointed with the taste. With all the people there I was expecting some amazing tacos, but honestly they were the worst tacos I have ever had. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly but I will never go back
1	The only reason I'm giving this place one star is for their customer service.  And it doesn't go for everyone there either just one particular taquero that's goes by the nickname "guero." The lines as you know are always super long well thia guy suppose girlfriend showed up with looks 20 people instead of waiting in line like everyone else she would just go up to the front of the line and order whatever she liked. She went up to order like 10 times and every time cut in front of anyone who was next.  When not only us but other people in line complaint to this guy by "Guero" he just ignore everyone and would stop serving the person he was serving to do her order her. Myself as a business owner finds that very unprofessional. And doubt if I would return to this exact location. I prefer take the drive to Chulavista where every customer is treated equally and faster service.
5	I was crying on my way back from Vegas not because of money I lost but because of Tacos that I will miss so very much...If you like tacos from Ensenada Mexico, tacos that are not Americanized, you will love this place.When you walk in and see how your Al Pastor is being prepared, tortilla being cooked with fat from the pork, you know you came to right place for Al Pastor taco. Must go place in Vegas now....I can't wait to go back there... Sorry about poor quality of my review.. I just can't get over the excitement of finding this place in Vegas...
4	Recommended both by Yelp and my Vegas junkie friends. The inside kinda looks like a Wendy's that serves tacos.After discovering that the location on the Strip had closed down, we ventured to this branch on Charleston Boulevard, only to be met with the long lines nearly coming out the door. A couple of us scoped out a table, while the others waited in line. We decided to go for broke and order a little bit of everything, which meant waiting in each of the different lines, since each line served a different type of meat. The wait took about 20 minutes, but we were rewarded for our patience.My favorite were the al pastor, cabeza, and carne asada tacos. The asada tacos had that delicious char that you get with grilling over the fire, which was awesome. The cabeza tacos were great too, albeit a bit on the fattier side. We got a few of the vampiros which were bomb as well. The horchata tasted freshly made and not too sweet. The crown jewel, though, was easily the carne asada fries. A bunch of shoestring fries, topped with cheese, carne asada, guac, and a variety of sauces. A huge portion for $10, and they don't skimp on the meat. So bomb. Comes with some grilled vegetables and different fixings, which are pretty tasty.The service is relatively quick, the prices are cheap, and the food is very satisfying. Definitely will be back when I'm back in Vegas and hopefully not dead from being chased by loan sharks. Ha.
4	sadly, the Tacos El Gordo near the strip has closed down so we have to go here for the heavenly tacos. I rated it down one because we waited an hour and a half for our tacos. It was hell while my legs and back were killing me but when I tasted it, all my regrets went away. The seatings are super limited and very cramp cause there is a line in each section. I also have found a new favorite: Vampiro. So good. I think I'll be getting that next time I go there. A crunchy outside, with awesome adobada meat, topped w/ other ingredients that just went so well together. Also they gave us grilled pineapple which was amazing when you eat it w/ the adobado tacos. Still love the place, just it's a lot more cramp and the wait is horrendous.
5	Best Tacos in Las Vegas!! Been Eating Tacos El Gordo since I was 8, grew up around the original location in Mexico. When I heard it was we coming to Vegas, told everybody about it. Try the mulitas and adobada tacos.
5	Unbelievable place! Authentic great tacos! Definitely worth seeking out to enjoy the food.
