5	We've been going here for years and I've had some of the most random conversations of my entire life in this shop. The guy who runs is so lovely and friendly and knows his business. You can set up a box and they will keep things aside for you. He's even been known to anticipate what you might like and stick it in your box, with no obligation. It s way better than Forbidden Planet for comics. When I first took my nephew in, he couldn't belive his eyes, so many comics, so little time. I just wish parking was easier.
4	Was I in a Kevin Smith movie? Was I transported back to the grungy days of the 90s? If only. But at least I was in Deadhead comics for a bit.This store is to comics what Empire Records is to music fans (that exist in the movie, but you get my drift). When you walk in the shop you are confronted with an orderly collection of new stock, some mainstream graphic novels and a wealth of dated comics in boxes. It was mainly the new comics I noticed so I wasn't sure how much choice they had, but the dudes running the place were more than happy to help me out. When pointed in the direction I found the older stuff (good for collectors and people on a nostalgia trip), and the newer stuff is laid out in such a way that its' easy enough to find what you're looking for.I wasn't bowled over by their selection of graphic novels but they had some unusual offerings by artists I hadn't heard of before, and are rich enough in comics so you won't be dissatisfied.The guys were playing Warcraft by the looks of things but I liked their laid back attitudes and they were really friendly when I owned up to being a comic novice. They were evidently good at selling their stock to me as I ended up walking out with the Kick Ass paperback (jumping on a bandwagon, aye I know...) and some information about what to try reading next. I prefer Forbidden Planet for graphic novels and anime but I preferred DeadHead's atmosphere and lack of pretension. They are less commercial and less likely to play to a crowd, which is evident by the absence of our friend Edward Cullen. They aim for the knowledgable comic fans, which I have respect for.It turns out I'm not the only one who thinks it would be a great setting for a movie, since some crafty filmmakers have beaten me to it:  Http://www.electricmanmovie.com/
4	Comic shops have never been an institution in the UK. Despite a disproportionate contribution to the world of comics (namely for the big two, DC and Marvel) they have never taken off as they did in the US. This may be because of the still existing, but slowly eroding, bias towards comics, seen as childish and immature, and the association with titles like the Beano and the Dandy (at least among older generations).So it's refreshing to find not only a comic shop in central Edinburgh, but an independent one. The only altenative is to visit chain store Forbidden Planet (and if you've been in one you've been in them all).   Recently revamped, the shop has a smart touch over its naturally darker old-town building, giving it an almost gallery like feel. Dead Head is, at its core, what an independent shop should be. It feels quirky, distinct and specialised. Unlike its big name rival, Dead Head is exists for its love of comics, not just exploit a niche market. The people working there know their stuff and are usually (see below...) willing to advise, assist and attend. If you are just starting to read comics or graphic novels, Dead Head can potentially help a great deal in selecting appropriate titles for you, that won't necessarily entail buying every pricey title in the shop. The owner can seem to be a little overprotective of his stock sometimes, but you won't find the rude "NO READING" stickers plastered everywhere as in Forbidden Planet, and browsing is encouraged. There is no pretension here and Deadhead also feels considerably more mature.The only flip side to this is that Dead Head can occasionally be dysfunctional. Unless called upon, the assistants are usually playing video games or watching TV and if you're not used to it, you could feel like you're getting in the way. Stock can be disorganised and things a bit messy. Despite its charm, Dead Head could do with being a little more professional.It remains great at what it's supposed to do, provide comics. There is a good range of new and classic titles. It retains a smaller stock of graphic novels than the vast, tightly squeezed shelves at Forbidden Planet, though this is the price you pay for being independent and is to be expected. Though never cheap it nevertheless manages to keep its prices competitive. A convenient and quirky shop, in the centre of Edinburgh, for the collector and comic connoisseur, or for the simply curious.
4	I have recently gotten into graphic novels in a big way - so I was pretty chuffed that Edinburgh had a place that was so specialised in comics. It makes a huge difference walking into a place like this where it specialises in what you are looking for, rather than somewhewre like Forbidden Planet which does a whole host of other things too.Dead Head has an amazing selcetion of comics on offer - some of which are classic tales and other you may not have heard of before you spotted them on a shelf and the helpful and laid back staff has come across and explained the entire backstory to you - making you want to buy it even more.I've been in here a good number of times now, and only once have I not come out with some new graphic novel to geek out over - and that was becasue I found the usually helpful but laid back staff a bit too laid back when I needed his help.
5	Comic books and pop art are right up my street! Dead head is right up my street!!It has the best selection of magazines and comics ever. It's totally quirky and really cool, and still quite grounded!!It's the sort of place I could just spend hours and hours in, flicking through the pages and thinking about the colours. I often browse in here, always pushing my luck as to how long is acceptable without buying!
4	Deadhead Comics has the ability to transport just about everyone back to their childhood.  I only read the Beano religiously, but I loved the Batman and Spiderman cartoons which never failed to grip me.  The guys who set up Deadhead are certainly keen on their comics and they have a huge range of totally authentic originals as well as some newer materials.  Their graphic novels are particurly impressive and their Sin City series is actually pretty damn cool.  None of it comes cheap, but you're paying for the quality of the artwork as well as the narrative.  The staff all know their stuff and are more than willing to lend a helping hand.  It's not quite up my street, but I can definitely appreciate its appeal.
5	Calling all Neil Gaiman fans....Deadhead is that rare beast - a cool, independent comic shop that specialises in awesome comic books, graphic novels and associated merchandise. Simply laidout with boxes and racks, it has a New section with recent issues and a staggering array of back issues of everything from Sin City and The Invisibles to Gaiman's mind-blowing Sandman. To top it off, the staff are friendly and laidback and there's usually good music or films playing in the background.
4	Haven't been in here in a while since my comic-collecting obsession took a nose-dive a few years ago, so I can't really comment on how current their stock is, but in my experience with Deadhead, there's nowhere better (or 'else'..!)  in Edinburgh for comic book back issues. The range is rather expansive and covers all publishers from the big hitters, Marvel, DC and Image, to the lesser known Dark Horse and IDW, all the way to the most independent and old skool like Avatar Press (can't believe I pulled that one out the bag...!).Their range of new comics doesn't quite hit the heights of Forbidden Planet, but they have all the heavy hitters of the comic world, again usually coupled with a few obscure indie titles FP probably hasn't even heard of.One thing they do have over FP is that they are situated directly across the road from Transreal Fiction (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/transreal-fiction-edinburgh). My complaint with FP is that, despite their size, they had nary an art or fantasy book on their shelves. Although not associated with Transreal in any way, the location means that within a matter of feet, any geek could satiate a few hungers at once by frequenting Deadhead.
3	A lovely little place on Candlemaker Row, we stopped in here after having lunch at Tang's across the street. The people working there are very friendly and though their selection isn't huge, there's plenty of fun memorabilia to choose from. There's also a good selection of recently-published comics, though I think the prices will be less expensive in our home town. It was nice to get a sneak peek at a few titles I've been interested in, so I'd definitely recommend this place for any local looking for a comic shop in Old Town.
1	What a terrible experience. We are both avid comic collectors and was so happy to find a shop here in Edinburgh. Unfortunately our happiness was short lived. I was simply browsing through the new release section and was yelled at for apparently bending the new book. I know what "bending the binds" mean and was sure to avoid it. Even after apologizing to the salesperson he continued to yell at us. We were initially planning to buy a few books, but forget it. Who yells at their customers like this guy??? Never coming back again.
4	You might think that because this is the first comic haven i've come across, and that I momentarily the name with Doomsday comics, thinking it to be a clever tie in with Utopia, that my opinion of this little den might be skewed.Both are true, but folks, my four stars stand strong.This place isn't much to look at and in all honesty, walking in the door was a bit of a let down. I'm used to my comic stores bursting at the seams - with rows upon rows, boxes upon boxes to get lost in. At first glance, this place seems a little sparse to truly make it a worthy contender of my rather fickle geek love. But this minimal little room holds some serious oophm.Case in point: I'm currently obsessed (and will talk your ear off about... just try me) three different series of graphic novels: Y The Last Man, Fables & Promethea. I'm currently smack in the middle of all three - mainly because my previous Canadian comic joints were frequently out of stock in the next editions of all of the above. When I try to buy comics, it seems that without fail I am doomed to find one book off. If i'm on book 10, they'll stock 12. It's a middle class curse i'm none to fond of.Which is why this place gets a geeky nod from this gal - not only did I find all three series within record time, but they had every next chapter I was looking for. Which is just wonderfully dangerous for my pocketbook. Turns out, that minimalistic, "wow, I might not get crushed by a haphazard box" layout that I so sorely missed is a HUGE plus in actually finding what you need - instead of wasting three hours combing through boxes that may or may not have the obscure Brian K. Vaughan copy i'm looking for.It was a fly by visit, so I didn't ruin my bank account this first time around, but seeing as though I caught a glimpse of a first edition Sandman near the counter, you can bet your britches i'll be back.
