4	As a gal who works in Tempe and goes to lunch alone, these have become my new best friend.  They are everywhere, they have a great picture/article ratio for lunch time perusing while you eat.  Articles are relatively short so there are no worries that you'll get sucked into a long one (yes, that would be you New Times...) and suddenly you realize you should already be back at the office and you still need to eat half your sandwich.  I have to say - I'm actually quite impressed.  I've seen restaurants/stores advertised here that I'd never heard of before.  I've read about festivals here that I hadn't heard about anywhere else.  Music and movie reviews that aren't catering to "the man". And always a few articles about campus life or some other "it's cool with young people" article that cracks me up.  Don't come here looking for a breaking news scandal or anything - unless that scandal has to do with bad food on campus.  That article might even get a whole two pages.  Well, 2 pages with really big pictures.
5	Great paper, informative fun, and so cool to look at! I look froward to it every week
5	College Times is not just for college kids (damn, I'm sure the sales account executives aren't too thrilled that *my* liking it undermines their demographic targets, but whatever). Granted, the first few pages would be of more interest to students, because there are pictures of local events and stories that a non-student wouldn't care about (e.g., transfers, class credits, courses, the bar scene, etc.) HOWEVER, setting all that aside, the "Calendar" section is still more informative and chock-full events than the New Times. (Yes, I'm referring to the 'dead tree' paper edition of College Times.) The 'dead tree' paper edition of New Times only lists one or two events per day. The 'dead tree' paper edition of College Times, by contrast, lists more events per day. So, their event listings are better. The 'dead tree' paper edition of College Times seems to have much better - not infinitely better, but noticeably more comprehensive - music coverage. In addition to featured new releases of the week, there's a "Weekly Six Pack" sidebar of notable new releases, and another sidebar for "Download This" suggested tracks to download. Their reviews also have "Similar Sounds" below the review, which seems to be like the "RIYL" (Recommended If You Like) tags you see elsewhere. Frankly, I've always found RIYL to be unnecessary. If you can't tell what a band would sound like without someone having to give you an example, you're either seriously musically illiterate or whoever wrote the review is seriously musically illiterate.It would be good if some of the features like "Weekly Six Pack" and "Download This" were available on the online edition.
