4	Never went to a cosmetology school before but came on a recommendation.  3 Dermalogica facials later, I am hooked.  A sub-$20 facial for an hour+ is great for my budget, my face, and for the future estheticians of America!After a skin analysis w/ both the instructor and student, they will decide on the best treament for you and go from there... on my 3rd visit, this particular student gave a relaxing foot massage while letting the masque set.  Immediately afterwards I sched my next appt  before her graduation, b/c I enjoyed her facial/mini-massage so much (thanks Trish)!Each time the instructors/staff made a point to ask if I had any questions or if I was pleased with the service.  It's no luxury spa experience, but it's a school at reasonable prices, so set expectations accordingly.
5	I've been going to beauty schools to get haircuts for about 6 years now. One of my closest friends used to cut my hair at the Aveda school in Michigan and I haven't stopped going to them since then. Anyway, I've only been to a couple in the valley - both Toni and Guy locations, and here. I like it here better for 2 reasons:T&G is always crowded on the weekends, and there would often be a long line just to get your hair washed because there weren't enough sinks. It's never crowded here.T&G have messed up my hair more than once, while here they have always done a fabulous job without the teacher having to fix anything. It costs $10 for shampoo, cut, and style. It typically takes longer than a regular salon since they're students, but if you only get a trim and a few layers like me it's a great, affordable place to go. For the little I do with my hair I could never justify paying $100+ for a haircut. They also do facials in the building next door. I got one a long time ago and it was alright, but you don't get a private room, a relaxing atmosphere (music, dim lights, etc), or hand/feet/scalp massage. I do however love Dermalogica products and wish more spa's used them.  When I got married a couple of years ago I treated myself and my bridal party to updo's and makeup here at $45 total/person. Most places charge $100+ just for the updo so if you are looking to save on wedding hair, check this place out. No one would have ever guessed we got our hair done at a school.Oh and they also send out a postcard for a free haircut and $10 facial for your birthday!
2	Never been to a beauty school before for a haircut, and one of my close friends recommended I give this place a try. She apparently only goes here... and has had success. Me... not so much. Everyone was friendly, but I guess I'd rather go to a "traditional" salon to get my complicated hairs cut. First of all, the haircuts are cheap - $10. An extra $3 if your hair goes past your shoulders. Since I've never been to a "beauty school" before, I asked the stylist how long they have to work there. And she advised that they're there for a year, and then they get licensed and find a salon to work at. My gal was friendly, but.... apparently she was leaning when she cut my hair, so her teacher had to trim more off of my hair to get it all the same length. (Which my ends probably needed anyways...). But after that, I was like -- "ahhh, yeah just a trim is good." My hair is thick, and I always get it layered and texturized -- so there was zero % chance after the "leaning incident" I was gonna have my layers cut. There were more little "hiccups" in my experience there to make me feel un-confident - - but I don't want to bore you with my nit-picky details. I guess I should have definitely asked my friend for the name of the stylist she sees there. Oh well, it's all the way in Chandler too... so kind of a hike for me. (BTW, I know that there are regular hair customers there -- cause the lady sitting next to me was saying hi to everyone. So she must have good experiences there.)
5	I had a facial and it was great.  They use top of the line products...steam...shoulder massage.  All for only $17.Doesn't get any better than that!
1	Got a deal on Buy With Me for a facial, shampoo, deep conditioning, scalp massage, blow dry & pedicure. I've been to schools before but I think this place needs to crank it up notch or maybe give the students a little training before letting them lose on customers.Facial wasn't bad, atmosphere is a school so no spa feel of course. They could do a little by dimming the lights more and possibly having students chat in another room. When instructor came in there wasn't much in the way of skin evaluation. More of the student trying to remember the name of mask and teaching standing there waiting for her to remember, I've been to Kohler academy where the teacher actually looked at my skin and they discussed what would work best. For $20 you really can't expect much.The pedicure was a joke. Apparently they can't use metal instruments so they basically use cheap disposable files. Didn't realize I should have trimmed my nails prior to my pedicure! They don't have spa seats so you sit in a cheap office chair with your feet in a foot spa from Walgreens. They put various rubs on my legs but didn't do a good job getting it off as it felt I had sand on my calves when I got home. Basic single color polish and couldn't figure out how to get the pedi slipper on without smudging the polish. She also used a heel file but no pressure so it really didn't remove any dry skin toSpeak of.I've always thought the shampoo was the best part of a haircut for the whole scalp massage. The girl who did mine must have seen some creepy crawlies in my hair because she felt like she was just barely moving my hair around, I'm surprised she even got any lather from the lack of rubbing she did! She did spend a ridiculous amount of time rinsing it though. Once again no real hand to hair contact but about 15 minutes to rinse, so long in fact I had to leave with my hair dripping wet since the salon closed and they were set to start class. The instructor did come by to apologize and said I could come back for a blow out since it was included with my services. I think I'll pass but gee thanks!
1	Awful.  My haircut is lopsided (done by the instructor)! The color is not even close. And they got dye all over my brand new dress.  No one apologized, until I asked for an apology.  The instructor basically said: Well, this is what happens at a beauty school.  I'm a big fan of supporting schools and realize that everything will not be perfect.  The girl was nice, but this entire experience was unprofessional and very disappointing.  I will never go here again - and neither should you.
4	I went to this beauty school today for a haircut. Knowing it was a "school" I did not have high expectations when I made the appointment. Whenever I go to any school for services I know it will be hit or miss.Everyone from the receptionist to the teacher was very nice. I was very happy with the service I received. My hair is very short. I had a shampoo, cut, and style. A student, Jessica, was my stylist. She was assisted by her teacher Veronica. Between the two of them I left the school with exactly the cut I wanted. They were both very upbeat, friendly and professional.I will return again.
4	I had a voucher to get a pedicure, facial, and shampoo/conditioning/style.  I figured how bad it can it be for the great price!My facialist was kind and used the products needed for my skin concerns.  She was a bit slow but this is expected from a student still in the learning process.  Do not expect a private room and the complete spa experience.  However, I was very relaxed.The shampoo smelled delicious!  While the deep conditioner sat in my hair I got my pedicure.  It was very basic.  The student was so nice and I enjoyed talking to her.  I usually prefer the massage chairs, hot stone, etc. but I wasn't expecting all the bells and whistles.  Considering the cost, the pedicure was fine.I like the style the girl gave me but she was slower than I was used to from my usual hair stylists.  It was fine.  I would go back if their location was closer to where I live as their prices are fantastic!  do expect the services to be a bit slower though.
3	I came to The Studio because of a Living Social deal, and was well-aware I was going to a beauty school and the risks that entails.  My first appointment was to get my hair colored- I brought in a picture of what I was looking for, explained what I wanted, and chose a color from their color book.  The student seemed competent and ran decisions by an instructor, but when all was said and done, the dye hadn't saturated my hair well enough.  To make matters worse, the color was way off from what I expected.  At that point I wasn't sure how I would really feel about the color once I got used to it, and I don't like making a fuss, so I didn't say anything yet.  The instructor did notice the sort of ombre effect that was happening, and offered that I come back the next day to get it evened out.  We had a second appointment for other services booked already, so I agreed.  By the time I got back the next day, I'd decided I couldn't handle the color of my hair.  I asked for a whole new color, which they happily did for no charge, as it became more and more obvious that the first session hadn't gone well.  This time I had a student and two instructors approving each decision, and I felt a lot more confident going in.  The final color is perfect!  I only give 3 stars because of the first coloring and because I overheard a student telling my mom that everybody there was a mixture of "seasoned" students, and brand-new students who had just been thrown in to the world of real clients after learning with wigs and dummies.  There didn't seem to be any extra supervision of the newbies, and considering how nervous some of them seemed, I'd think that would be the first step of working with real humans.I would probably go back for the facial or pedicure I didn't have a chance to use from my LS voucher, or for something simple like a trim.  Even without Living Social, their prices are sure cheap.  But for a major cut or coloring I'll likely stick with certified technicians.
4	I purchased a Groupon package discount for this school for partial highlights, pedicure and European Facial for $34.  So far I've had the highlights done and I was pleasantly surprised.  Usually when my guy does highlights I end up coming home and tweaking the color till the brassiness goes away so imagine my relief when I got home, looked in the mirror and I didn't have to do a thing. That was a great feeling! My  guy charges $95 but at this school I only paid $35 ...score :)  Keep in mind this is a school and they are STILL learning this is why you are only paying 1/2 the price.  Something else to keep in mind is TIME.  With my regular guy highlights, cut, blow dry and style usually takes around 2 hours....it took the girl 2 hours just to apply the bleach... total time 5 1/2 hours! Got in at 10am left at 3:30pm. Glad I didn't have anything else planned for the rest of the day but again I only paid a fraction of the price.Pros:Cheap, cheap, cheapI received decent service but since they are students you never knowCons:Time consuming....students go MUCH slower
4	I really like this place... the first time I went was with a living social voucher and loved the price. The deal came with a facial, pedicure and hair color with shampoo and blow dry. I don't coloring hair and was easily able to substitute with a haircut. I also later went for a second facial and haircut without vouchers because the prices are great anyway.HAIR: Haircuts are ALWAYS hit or miss at the lower end as well as mid range salons. I have very dark thick hair but the texture is great, I don't chemically treat it ever and is easily manageable. Also I only do the standard trim with layers and the occasional razor. I never spend much for haircuts since my needs are simple and my hair is very easy to manage. This simple cut on very manageable hair has led to pleasant surprises as well as heartbreaks. The student stylist I had was very nice, was committed to what she was doing and with focus and concentration did a wonderful job, with no input from the hair instructor. But she was due to graduate the next week and wasn't sure where she was going next. The second time the girl I had cut well, but looked like she had never blow dried hair. I ended up with hair frizzier than if I had let my baby niece do it. The instructor was missing for the whole hour and when I mentioned the frizz,offered to put some product in my hair which is like bandaid on an inflicted wound (the girl had used anti-frizz already). Both times the girls did not wash out the deep conditioner fully, but the first took me back for a second rinse when she realized it. The instructor was very jovial but spent too much time joking with students who constantly milled around him attempting to get away easy. The committed ones were out there practicing and behaving a bit more mature. FACIAL: The facials are absolutely fantastic - they use dermalogica and I think simply using the products makes your skin smooth and shiny. The atmosphere is very nice for a $20 facial and I simply can't complain. The instructor was pretty nice, briefly discussed my skin and appropriate products with the students. The students follow a set process (cleansing,  and its hard to mess up really.  I'm guessing the other treatments at the spa are just as good since they use dermalogica.PEDICURE: This was a joke really. Set up near the hair stations, it's a chair with a Conair foot spa. The girl I had literally dipped my feet into the spa, pulled them out, scrubbed them momentarily, put them back in the water, pulled them out and towelled them, rubbed some weird lotion that looked like it came from the dollar store, tried to apply three coats of polish and messed up two, and I was done at the same speed with which you read this review. For me nothing about the process - the aesthetician, the products used or the general quality control (which should have been done by the same hair instructor) - was agreeable. Not wanting to complain about EVERYTHING, I left quietly determined to never have a pedi there again.In summary, I recommend the facials and spa/skin services which are hard to mess up. The hair cuts could be hit or miss depending on the student; my philosophy is if you have a chance at real style why not go here if you're on a budget. I wouldn't however tell the student to suggest something or do what she felt like, because unless the student looks smart and confident, the lack of attention from the instructor could put you at risk. Avoid pedicures and the like.
4	I was given a Groupon for the Studio for Mother's Day which included partial highlights/all over color, pedicure, facial, and style/blowdry.  I called up to make an appointment and had no problem booking an appointment which worked with my schedule and theirs.  I opted to trade the facial for a haircut and it was arranged with no issue.  I arrived at my appointed time and was warmly greeted and asked to fill out a very short information sheet.  I waited less than 10 minutes and I was greeted professionally by my stylist, Theresa.  She started with my haircolor.  They work with Redken color and listened to what I desired for my end result.  She suggested a formula and made sure we agreed on the process before starting.  The color was applied very well, with very little on the skin.  She promptly wiped off and residual so I had no staining of the skin.  She checked with me several times throughout the processing time while staying busy with other tasks around the salon floor.  When it was time to rinse my hair, I was led to a clean shampoo bowl and rinsed without water running down my back or dripped in my face. As for the haircut, I brought a picture of my desired cut and Theresa asked me questions before she started instead of cutting first, fixing later.  The instructor was called to check the haircut before I left and he had to fix a few small corners but in my eyes the cut was perfection!  I could tell even when it was wet, that the length and overall style was exactly as I had asked for.In final, color, cut, and style took 1.5 hours including a .5 hour processing time.  I had little to no wait time.  And everyone was very friendly and professional.  A big plus, all the stylists were nicely dressed and extremely put together.  The salon was immaculately clean and every stylist sanitized the shampoo bowls and chairs after they were done!  Thank you to all at The Studio!  I can't wait to return for my pedicure.
4	I have been here 3 times now. The first time, I was treated by my friend for a facial, it was my Birthday. She has been going here for several years and swears by this place. I have never been to a beauty school so I was a little nervous, I have to admit.What a pleasant surprise. The student was very personable and put me at ease. I was really happy with the facial! My friend pointed out that this school has an Esthetics program and a Cosmetology program. So my facial was preformed by an Esthetics student who has studied the science of the skin. Considering I have paid  upwards of $100 for a facial in the past, the $20 my friend paid was quite the bargain.My second visit was when I took my sister for Mother's Day (we went a few days before). I treated her to a color and a manicure. It's not often you get to spend so little and feel like you walked away with tremendous value. She was very happy and is now a regular. My most recent visit was a funny one, I took my husband. I went for a facial and a manicure and suggested he try a "back facial". Mr manly man resisted, but eventually gave in. The joke was on him, he couldn't stop talking about how relaxing it was and that the massage techniques used were an unexpected bonus. I can tell you, his back has never been as clean and smooth. I booked a back facial for myself before leaving that will be my next visit.Yes these are students and yes it's not the Camelback Inn Spa, but when all is figured in, this place is great. So far all of the students I have encountered were happy, courteous and professional. I feel good at this place and that is important to me.
5	Rachel Hirn did an amazing job on my back facial and facial today. She was organized and thorough and she made sure she took care of all my needs. Rachel is aware I have fibromyalgia and knew I was also in a flare today. She was cautious and understanding and made sure that she catered to that fact. My next appointment is in two weeks and I cannot wait to see her again.
5	I love this place.Hair/Nails: You are going to be here a long time if you get anything done on your hair. They are students after all. The instructors are super nice and will supervise most of the time. As for nails, skip pedicures here. They are mediocre and the polish chips and falls off after a few days.Aesthetics: Waxing and facials here are amazing! I get the European facial once a month and LOVE it. It's an hour and 15 minutes of bliss with a mini massage and a skin assessment. They always send me home with great samples too! Definitely get a facial here!
4	I had my first facial wax and brow tint and then had a European facial. Enjoyed all of it. The gal listened to what I wanted and asked questions of her supervisor if she needed to. She did a great job with the brows but I did discover a small spot on my chin she missed.  Overall a good experience and I will go back.  Good treatment and you can't beat the price.
4	This place is great! I got a living social deal for $39 for facial, make up application, partial highlights and hair cut. Wow, right?! My facial was heavenly. I felt so relaxed and my face feels great! Ive hqd facials done at other salons and beauty achools and this one ranks among the best. And for the price i could easily come get pampered once a month. My make up application was alright. I asked for a more natural look (I didn't want to leave with bright red lips, etc) so she hardly put anything on. Had to fix when I got home, but I looked at the make up part of the package as an unnecessary extra (a freebie) so I can't complain. My highlights and cut were done very well. I loved that the instructors were constantly coming around to check in, but in a very casual, helpful way. My stylist was extremely nervous, was shaking almost the entire time and didn't say more than five words to me, but hey my cut and color looks awesome and it was super cheap. Again I can't complain. All in all remember this is a school. It took five hours for my service, back to back. If you are short on time, don't come here. Be sure to look for a deal before you come or use the check in offer here on yelp :-)
5	I had a Groupon for a European facial. I believe it was $15 dollars. I had Becca as my student aesthetician. She was awesome! They use top of the line products and take great care in doing all the steps necessary. I will definitely be going back. Great school, great people!
5	I had a delightful experience at the Salon. My well qualified student was Ericka. I truly have not had a better experience getting a cut and color. She went to work and listened to my wishes about my color and especially my cut. I know she will be very successful.
5	They pay great attention to detail in their work here, with instructors making sure students do their absolute best. The deep conditioning treatment is a great value for $5. Highly recommended. Don't go for most services if you're in a hurry though.
5	Very impressed. I bought a ridiculously cheap groupon for a facial and thought it was worth the risk. And I was right. It was probably one of the best, and I've had many. The ambiance is fine, not quite private or spa like, but definitely acceptable. The skin analysis and tips were great. I'll come back for sure.
4	A fairly good place to go. I like that they do all services. Waxing, facials, hair. I'm used to the instructors having a little bit more influence and interaction. They came at the beginning of the service and the end. They just wear street clothes and were pretty loud amongst themselves. Not really like the school I went to.
1	I started here as a student 2 years ago, and left after not even 3 full months due to the instructor copy righting "Toni & Guy", and not being able to retain anything that was taught. I then went to empire to test in to transfer my hours and couldn't pass exams with the information that was taught to me here, and on top of all of this, the studio has just not after 2 years put me into collections with out ever sending me any bills about owing money, because the contract I signed guaranteed them a certain percentage of money based off of hours complete. I had paid for my own education and every hour I did complete, but they want almost another 4k for money they do not deserve. So if you want to be ripped off, and have deceitful owners and staff I would go here. The owners of this school never tried to contact me and make their wrongs right, and the Crystal Otts told me it was my responsibility to come forward and report the teacher sooner than I did. I guess the cameras in the classrooms weren't enough.
1	Haven't been able to get in contact with either of the owners, i graduated almost 2 weeks ago and they owe me money from a scholarship and state board.  i feel like they are giving me the run around! I was not on financial aid and i payed monthly. on time every time and now they can't get me my money how is that fair?????
