4	For those who know Central ave. there are a few Mexican Restaurants to chose from.Have I tried them all? No (well not yet) But I'm glad I got a tip from someone to check out this place.I was with two friends on my first visit.One speaks spanish which is always a plus when entering into some of these little whole in the wall type of joints. They made us feel welcomed even if we were gringos.Now ,I'm a fan of Don Pedro and Azteca always gets my nod. I also enjoy Monterry (please note Zappata's did not make the cut.)Having said all that this is not along the same line as the others I just plugged. This might be more along the line of the authentic type of food some are looking for.The menu includes such things like pupusas, YUM good stuff.The tostadas de pollo are a must here . The chicken is fresh and juicy and it tasted like it had been nicely marinated.Enchiladas are great. Don't skip the tacos carnitas.ohhhhh and the mixed Pinchos(kabobs) come with a fabulous side of tostones(fried plantains) good ,good, goodAnd on a cold night go for the seafood soup.No ,we didn't try  all of that on the first visit silly, we have been back and I have even driven just to get take out which I also recommend. Except I was turned off by the little plastic baggies they use to pack up the condiments.
1	O M G. I need to update this one fur-shure. It had been a few month's since having something from here. What the heck happened? I soooooo *proudly* wrote the very first review for this place and have been recommending them since. I too went the first time based on a recommendation. NOT anymore due to our last takeout order. To be nice: It. Was. Bad. Four of us placed an order. The chicken enchiladas were diced up pieces of dried out chicken, rolled up in dried out tortillas, with a thick glob of cheap ass cheese, covered with the salsa rojo(so the menu says) which in reality, was canned hunts tomato sauce with some black pepper tossed in for good measure.Seriously, it was so obvious when I opened the container and "that canned sauce smell" slapped me in the face. My friend who ordered the very same thing, claims to have been slapped twice. The beef fajitas were a takeout dish full of peppers and onions (where's da beef ? Oh there it is, pointing to about four slivers hiding under the P&O's ) we asked for corn tortillas and searching through the takeout for them I said "Oh who ordered papusas" NO ONE did! Those things, that were as thick as a papusas, were the corn tortillas for the fajitas. No thank you. Good thing we ordered back up tacos. They're always good. WRONG. Again, back to the *dried out * theme. Where's the garbage?Even the salsas, green and the red, WAYYYY off. I know places have their "OFF NIGHTS " but damn. One thing that has not changed, unfortunately, is the use of little plastic baggies for the condiments on the takeout orders.
4	The first stop on the New South BBQ Tour was El Pulgarcito de America.Wouldn't you know it?  I've already been here.  It's been a few years, but we stopped in for (something).  In this case, we were served a plate that included a papusa - a sort of chalupa stuffed with pork and cheese - along with pickled vegetables and a drink.The service can't really be addressed, as everything was out and waiting for us when we arrived except for the papusa.  Those were delivered as we came in.  Even so, they weren't really hot.  I don't know enough about Salvadorean to say if they are served piping hot or just lukewarm, but they were good.Drinks were standard-variety Central American - Jarritos and the like - which is to say that it's not what you're used to if you've been drinking Coke or something like it all your life.  Go with the Orange or Pineapple if you don't know what you'd enjoy, because those are the most "normal" of the bunch.  The others were a little odd.The inside of the place was a bit like a dated diner all decked out in wood paneling.  Not overly bad, just not fresh.  And not much English spoken, either, but that isn't unusual on Central Avenue, so you shouldn't be surprised by that.
4	Best. Papusas. I've had.Like, perfect. Sticking to the plate because of all the awesome, melty cheese in the middle. Dude.Ever had a waffle fry? Ever had a fried plantain? Can you imagine those two things combined? You've just imagined the Tostones app served here. Only it gets better, because the 10 - 12 waffletains are swimming in salty Crema and pureed black beans, with a cube of tasty queso fresco hanging out for the hell of it. SICK delicious, and 4 bucks.Uno mas amazing thing - vegetarian burrito - the ONLY burrito I've eaten in this town without picking up a fork and knife. All that was in there were tasty grilled veggies, red sauce, and rice, but it was mucho delicioso. Walking out into 89 degree weather afterwards sucked after eating this much cheese and grease, but we just cranked up the AC and mumbled happily to ourselves. Awesome.
4	Great! We took Julia S.'s recommendation and tried the potato papusas and the veggie burritos. Muy bien! The veggie burrito was like eating veggie fajitas with rice...that give your taste buds a kick! The ingredients were fresh. The proportion was large and plenty enough to get you full. It's not comparable to Mexican food. It's more Salvadorian: less cheese, refried beans, and not the typical salsa (less chunky, more liquidy). The service was very friendly and speak both English and Spanish. It seems the majority of the business was "to go" the night we went. Definitely give it a try! Your taste buds and wallet will thank you.
4	When you are ready to judge a south of the boarder restaurant by the food vs. the price and quantity this is a good destination for dinner. The cammorones a la diabla is hot but not too hot that you loose the flavors (and your taste buds). Some good ice cold Central American beers at $3.50 goes great with the food. For those of you or your guests that prefer some thing alcohol free try the pineapple Jarritos y Sangria. There plantains, both sweat and not sweat, are a step from the average. Try their lunch specials posted on a white board, straight in front of you as you enter. They are all excellent. My favorite is their sopa, a bowl of broth filled with huge pieces of meat and vegetables. Sorry for the locals but they do not serve iced tea.
5	Oh sweet Jesus in the manger. Really the first thing I thought of when I woke up today was I would love some papusas. Now this makes for a great restaurant.We ordered a big breakfast of fried eggs over easy, plantains, beans and crema and papusas. The papusas are like pancakes - you can ordered them stuffed with beans and cheese or pork! Talk about $1.50, let me order 27. It's quite the bargain $12 check average and we pigged.I was eyeing every other customers food, they served a shrimp cocktail in a deep glass with salsa and avocados on the bottom, I saw the guy put hot sauce on his shrimp and I wanted to crawl over Julia S. and go sit with them. There is a reason this place is packed.I wonder what time they open?
5	Nothing, oh nothing beats the Desayuno Regular (regular breakfast) at El Pulgarcito.  Each time I find myself sitting behind the menu, I look at the Desayuno and think, "oh I'm much hungrier than that, and it looks so boring and bland" but I order it anyway and when it comes to the table I have to restrain myself from licking the plate every time ;)  Just trust me.  And 5.95 is a steal!  I've also had the tamales and papusas as well as the vegetarian burrito (just ask for salsa on the side to give it some edge) and the cilantro shrimp entree.  It's all delicious and I will miss it dearly when we move.
4	Wow!  This a 4.5 star place.  Located far down Central Ave in an unassuming shopping center, El Pulgarcito is a savory and affordable sit down Salvadorian restaurant whipping up an extensive selection of treats like papusas, tamales, fried plantains and more.I only had the opportunity to get the plantains (delicious), pork and cheese papusas (delicious times 2), and sampled some fried corn tamales (fried deliciousness).  I wanted to try every single heaping dish that passed by to some of the other tables.  The menu is pretty extensive - all kinds of meat and seafood options in huge value-sized proportions.Interior is dinerish.  There is a lot of blue and cafeteria like tables and nothing extraordinary - but we don't need distractions from the wonderful food anyway.  Service was very quick and friendly.  The place is populated with staff and clientele that are native Spanish speakers, but you won't have much difficulty ordering - menu is in English with pictures and everything I saw looked good!
4	Pupusas are my new BFF. Seriously. I never knew such deliciousness came from El Salvador! If you haven't had these spherical, stuffs of love then you should go get some. Now. Yes, a bunch of hungry yelpers got together fora casual UYE to fill ourselves to the brim with pupusas, tamales, plantains, rice, beans, Jarritos, and so much more. Word to the wise - if you can speak a bit (or quite a bit) or Spanish, that will help you here. While the servers are very nice, there is a bit of a language barrier. However, as other yelpers have pointed out, the menu is in English and with the photos throughout the menu, you can easily point & order. As mentioned, the pupusas are delicious. Try all three - they are only $1.50 each. Equally as tasty are the fried plantains and the fried corn tamale. The fried corn tamale tastes like the delicious baby of cornbread and a tamale, fried. It's heaven. The chicken tamale left a lot to be desired - it was like the sad, squishy cousin of the fried corn tamale. I'll skip the chicken tamale next time. Overall, you'll get a ton of value from your meal regardless of what you order.The interior is simple, but lends itself to large parties of diners at a time. Frankly, as long as it's clean and I have somewhere remotely comfortable to sit, I don't care much what it looks like. I plan to work El Pulgarcito into my fave lunch spots - it's so tasty and so affordable!
4	Holy perfect pupusas batman! Ok so I dont know if they were perfect pupusas but they were everything I dreamed of and more. Warm, gooey and when you looked under the hood, the combination of beans and cheese living in bliss (and soon my belly) was a heavenly sight.The only issue? I kept having food envy as the waitresses brought out other tables dishes which then made me question the pupusas. So that means I must go back and have some platter of yummy, ethnic goodness for 8 bones or so, I can do that.I like the decorative deer heads on the wall. I kinda wanted to go up there and hang my pupusas on the antlers......instead I ate them.4 items and my bill was under $7--holla if ya nasty!
4	When a personally revered reviewer like Julia S was diggin' this place, I knew I had to go.  Add the backing of Tonya P, Chad E, Faith D, and I knew I was already late to the dance.  So....armed with my strategically purchased (80% off) restaurant.com coupon, it was time to try some papusas.Wanting to taste the broadest swath of offerings. we started with a sampler plate (El Tapatio?).  Holy gluttony, Batman!  There was an ungodly amount of shrimp, beef, chicken, etc. on that plate!  All for a whopping $12.99!  Before we were done, we tasted all manor of papusas and tamales.If I had just one dollar for every time I found myself saying, "This stuff is just silly good!", the meal would have been free!  When the check finally came, thanks to the aforementioned coupon, I was embarrassed to pay it.  I almost felt like a thief.Gluttony may indeed be one of the seven deadly sins, but I will return to sin some more!!
4	El Pulgarcito de America (the little thumb in Spanish) is not to be confused with the umpteen million Latin restaurants on Central Avenue.  Over the years of eating countless Mexican and Latin American dishes, I think I've become quite discerning of quality food. El Pulgarcito hits the mark! At a recent Yelp! lunch event, I had the infamous pupusas.  Grilled tortilla patties with gooey pork and cheese filling.  Yum yum! At a $1.50 a piece, pupusas are best thing since tacos (maybe better).  They served them with 'curtido', spicy coleslaw, and I doused them a generous helping of salsa verde for extra kick.  Like my fellow Yelpers (Tiffany N. and Nicole W.), I was joneseing to come back and try the colossal platters that other passed by us as we ate.  The staff spoke decent English and were graceful with our Spanglish faux-pas as we attempted to order while pointing at colorful menu photos.  Luckily, no order was lost in translation.  Instead, our lunch party got far more than we were bargaining for.  What looked like a small plate of goodies ended up being a platter, resulting in the sharing fried tamales, fried plantains, chicken tacos with onion and cilantro...you get the picture.  Depsite the heaping plates, I don't think anyone paid more than $10 for their lunch.El Pulgarcito is a virtually smorgasboard of Mexican and Central American food and culture.  The walls are covered with Latin kitsch, telenovelas are playing on the TV's, and yet the deer antlers remind you haven't left the South.  Take a seat, eat to your heart's delight, and stagger home stuffed!
4	Two little thumbs up for this place! The food here is cheap, good and plentiful. The meat is well-seasoned and well-cooked, and the shrimp are excellent! Everything is fresh and, like other reviewers, every platter I saw coming out of the kitchen enticed me more.
4	I was very excited to try out El Pulgarcito when learning from our friends how great (and inexpensive) the food is. Went today for a ladies lunch date and was not disappointed. It's on Central Avenue, so parking is not an issue. And you won't have trouble seeing the restaurant from the road due to the neon signs all over the outside. The service was good but there was a bit of a language barrier, so if you don't speak Spanish, be sure to point to what you'd like on the menu (which has English translations, so no worries there). Decor was simple and the restaurant was clean.At our table was an order of pupusas ($1.50 each), two orders of fajitas ($8.99 each), an order of tostadas ($6.99 for 3) and some fried plantains. The portion sizes were huge! I tried all the dishes and they were great - very authentic El Salvadorean deliciousness. And the pico de gallo was absolutely fantastic; we ended up asking for more it was so good.This is a great place to meet a friend (or 10) for authentic food in a clean, customer friendly atmosphere.
3	Given the recent yelp love this place has received (and being in my fave zip code), I decided it was high time to give it a try.  Parking was tough to find, and it was busy but not too busy when we went inside. The waitress was a little distracted and missed my initial order for horchata (a cinnamon rice milk drink).  I finally did get it, and, like at Three Amigos, it just wasn't so great. Very grainy, and not the smooth creamy deliciousness that you seem to always get at joints in Chicago. So, a no-go on the horchata.  I then ordered two bean and one cheese pupusas.  The cheese one was much better than the bean, but, in general, they were m'eh. It's basically fried bread and beans covered in salsa, which, by it's very nature, is going to be good, but I wasn't over the moon about them.  I actually thought the tostones and the chicken tamales that my significant other ordered totally eclipsed the pupusas, and if I were to go back, I'd definitely stick with the tamales because you can't easily make them at home (although we sometimes try) and they are just so freaking delicious when they are made well.So, this place was perfectly fine, but I'm in no hurry to go back.
3	We went to El Pulgarcito for the first time recently.  I think it was all the papusa talk on Yelp over the last few months that finally spurred the visit.We got some soda, a horchata, a selection of papusas, a chicken tamale, and an order of tostones.So, in order, here's what I thought:The horchata: not as sweet as some places make them.  I like it a little less sweet, so this was a good thing.  However, the drink had a grainy texture that wasn't too nice.The papusas:  We had all three varieties (Cheese, bean & cheese, and pork & cheese).  The plain cheese was probably the best.  to tell the truth, the pork version lacked flavor.  the bean & cheese was better than the pork, but again, the flavors really weren't there.The tamale: this was nicely done.  Lots of chicken packed inside that thing.The tostones: these were really nice.  Not too oily, and served in a nice little platter with crema, beans, and queso fresco.Service wasn't the best, but I'm sure it varies throughout the day.In the end, nothing to write home about, but I'll be back to try the platters.
4	Had a chance to try El Pulgarcito for a Yelp UYE (thanks Seth for the setup). A great Salvadorian restaurant on Central. Service is great, then menu is extensive and authentic. I think I tried everything. The place was suppose to be inexpensive, but I guess I order for 4 (pupusas, tacos, plantains, etc)...ha. I wanted to try a little of everything, but the normal size orders came out. You can make an event of the place by just sticking to the apps/small plates side of the menu, or if you're familiar with the place, extend yourself to the other pages. A really good place to go with a $10 in your packet!
4	So I'm pretty dense.  I came fully intending to get pupusas because of all the hype on Yelp about them. I had never had one, after all, nor had I had Salvadorean food.  I went with a large group of 18 people and they were very accommodating with separate checks. The servers were a little overwhelmed, but very sweet and kept us straight (well our orders anyway).The menu was about 4 pages long, and oddly, the Salvadorean section was only 1/3 of a page. In fact, I ordered the only Salvadorean "combo" which was called the Rico Combinacion. Conveniently, however, it was a mere $4.95 when my comrades were ordering $16 meals.  The menu also had a small breakfast section, a whole page on Honduran food, and a page on Mexican food. My not-so-adventurous colleagues got Honduran & Mexican items.So my Rico combinacion included a chicken tamal, which had  sweetish corn filling with some shredded white meat chicken in the middle (3/5), and then a pupusa and a empanada. Enter denseness. I couldn't figure out which was the empanada and which was the pupusa. Or more correctly, I cut into the empanada expecting it was the pupusa. This was A) because i had never had a pupusa and didn't pay attention to the photos on here beforehand  2) all previously consumed empanadas I had ever had were meat, chicken or spinach filled and fried.  So I cut into the empanada and took a bite and was startled by the sweet plantain flavor, with a white filling. I still can't figure out what the pure white filling was, but after Googling, it seems it might have been a sweet milk/cornstarch mix.  Anyway not exactly what I expected. But it was nice, so I left it for dessert.The pupusa was all it was cracked up to be. I had a bean & cheese one, and it wasn't at all overwhelmingly cheesy, so it was just as I liked it (5/5).  I definitely could have some cravings of these. Simple, but perfect.As someone else mentioned, the slaw was spicy, but to my delight, it did not have cilantro in it (my vomit-inducing kryptonite). A perfect complement to the otherwise mild meal.  (5/5) I was surprised that there wasn't more heat to the tamal especially, but perhaps Salvadorean food is similar to Somalian food in that it's just kinda mild.  That said, my friend Julie ordered the Shrimp El Diablo and it was 4 alarm hot. I returned to the plantain empanada for dessert, and along with my Tecate with lime, I was a full girl, all for $8. Now that's a deal.  I would definitely return to try out some Honduran food next time, but starting w/ a pupusa! Aye papi!
2	Okay, this is a hard one. I know I'll have to go back again because I know this place can do better. So let's say 2 1/2 stars.My daughter and I dropped in for dinner earlier this week based on Seth A's review. And I discovered that I'd been here before with my husband for lunch one Saturday.My husband and I were thoroughly satisfied with our meals. I had the pupusas and don't remember what he had. This week, my daughter got the (giant) chicken burrito and fell in love. I was mildly surprised because at Qdoba, she only gets the veggie burrito. When I asked her about it, she said the chicken at El Pulgarcito is juicier than Qdoba's. LOLI wish I could say my chicken pupusas (with slaw) were good but I can't. (Insert sad face here.)  While my pupusas looked great on the outside (fried to a perfect golden brown), the inside left me puzzled.When I cut into one, I saw no cheese, the "chicken" looked like some type of minced meat, and didn't taste like chicken. Not nasty but not what I expected.I also ordered a side of fried plantain. Yum! I love plantain. The crema (sour cream), mashed red beans, and cheese on the plate were new to me. It was a gooooood combination with the so-so pupusas. My daughter enjoyed my plantain platter as well. I can't get her to touch plantain at home.Our meal with drinks (two Pepsis) came to $18 plus change.Because I'm pretty sure I can get a better pupusa here, we'll go back again.Stay tuned...
1	I am a salvadoran-american so I know good salvadoran food when I see it...however this place just does not meet my standards for good salvadoran food in fact i spent my after-noon throwing up after visiting this place..... I could never get desperate enough for salvadoran food to come here No,no,no .... Pupusas from here are EXTREMELY OILY just not appetizing at all ... The yuca frita was also disgusting OILY FOOD FOLKS DON'T COME HERE
5	Good pupusas and empanadas
1	This place is certainly unauthentic.. I'm a salvadoran so i can tell you this place is no good..... I Came here recently trying to give them a last chance before deciding to never return..... Well this is what i get ... After having one of their greesy, unacceptable version of a pupusa I got food poisoning ... I spent all night on the bathroom floor crying in pain .... Yeah I'm not returning. By the way PUUSAS ARE NOT FRIED THEY ARE GRILLED!! They just don't make them right here they use too muck oil ! You want real pupusas just hit my grandma up!
3	Mojarra frita was good but not great. I think the rice was a little undercooked too. My friends shrimp skewers were similarly decent. I think with ben thanh so close it'll be hard to get me back in here.
4	Since we were using a certificate we needed to spend $35...not an easy task here. The food is insanely affordable. Low on dough? Eat here. Want to feast? Buy a restaurant.com certificate and go nuts.I've not had the pleasure of eating Salvadorian/Honduran  food but this place provided me the chance to do just that. I really enjoyed the papusas (cheese, bean/cheese, and pork). The bean and cheese were definitely the favorite out of the three, i'd skip the pork as I agree the meat is minced...not my thing. We then split two meals the Camarones al Cilantro (shrimp, cream sauce, beans, rice, pico de gallo side salad) and Carne estilo Honduras ( char grilled steak with rice, beans, salad, avocado, pico de gallo). I found the shrimp to be a bit overcooked and the sauce heavy although overall flavor-wise it was good. I couldn't eat too much of this as it was super decadent.  The sides and accompaniments were good. The steak was the winner at our table. It is not a steakhouse so we were not asked what temp we wanted it cooked to. It was a chargrilled thin flank steak (close to well...I'm a rare girl usually)  but it had a ton of flavor and was awesome with a healthy dose of fresh lime juice. I'd get this next time. Finally because we were nervous that we still had not reached our $35 limit (even with steak and shrimp) we split the flan. Flavor-wise it tasted good, cinnamony, though the toppings were lackluster (hersheys syrup and a defrosted strawberry.... sadface). We also each had a modelo ..very refreshing and inexpensive at $3 a bottle.As mentioned earlier knowing some Spanish would be helpful at this place...but we were able to order without any real issues. I'll most likely return as it was pretty darn good and the price was right.
4	Just order the bean and cheese pupusa--or 5 of them. That's all you ever need to know. But if you insist on gallivanting about, the mojarra frita (fried fish, honduran style) is an excellent, excellent choice. Fried crisp and whole with the eyes and all, served on the world's plumpest grains of rice with a side of crisp tostones sprinkled with coarse salt and a peppery, fresh salad. I ate my fill 3 separate times off this dish, for under 11 bucks. If you're a heat-lover, order the tamarind drink as the perfect cooling accompaniment. And the churrasco is pretty good too. I recently moved near Pulgarcito, and I'm not ashamed to say they will know my name.
5	This place is my favorite Spanish restaurant in Charlotte. They have good prices the best service if you know Spanish they don't speak good English but they will try they hardest. They are super clean inside but there is one bad thing about this place is located in dangerous area but the owner always has a eye on the customer when they get out from there car. You must try there fried fish filet, seafood mix soup, papusas, whole fried tilapia fish and strawberry milkshake.  Cheap beers
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte. By far the best meat you will eat and specially for the price you pay for. Yes it is not in the best location and the place is not well decorated but the taste is great!  Recommend going day time, because of the area :P but overall great food and service!
3	This place is good but not the best pupusas in Charlotte. Pros However, the ambience is great and the staff is friendly. I brought a group from work here and they had fun trying out all the different plates. Good place for groups! My favorite item on the menu is the plantains! They're empanadas are also delicious! ConsWe used to order large pupusas platters from here for home gatherings but I didn't like that they ask you for your credit card info over the phone. Made me feel a little uncomfortable. Another thing, they are tight with the sides such as curtido (slaw) and salsa even with large orders. Sometime the pupusas are small and hardly have any stuffing. I wish they would add a little more stuffing.
4	These are the best pupusas I've had. The hot sauce and slaw go perfectly with them. I tried Lempira yesterday and theirs were ok, but it left me craving these so I came tonight and got some to go. They are soo good and the steak tacos are also great at $5.99 for 3. The pupusas are the star though. Sometimes they have a melon drink that is really good and really sweet. I would get it before the meal, or afterwards to go. It's too sweet to drink with food.  My friend got it once by trying to order mountain dew.
5	We first found out about El Pulgarcito through a GroupOn they had a while back and since I am always on the look out for any type of Carribean/Mexican/Central/South American food I was really excited to find this delicious Salvadoran spot. When driving down Central I usually stop at Three Amigos, so if it wasn't for the GroupOn I don't think I would've ever made it far enough to find this place.Let me just start off by saying that we had to spend $35 for the deal, and between just two people it is nearly impossible to do that at this place. What made it even more difficult is the fact that they had a whole fried fish on special for $6.99 that day and I can never say no to fried fish when it comes whole! It came with a salad, rice, refried beans, and a homemade salsa and it was TO DIE FOR! This is the type of food us immigrants seek in the U.S. because one bite and we are instantly transported to a beach somewhere back in our country (mine is Venezuela!). I don't remember what my husband ate, but we did get several types of pupusas, tacos, empanadas and other sides as well. I felt like we were at one of those Brazilian steakhouses where the food just keeps showing up at your table because to reach $35 we had to just keep ordering A LOT! Needless to say, we both went into food comas and were completely worthless the rest of the day, but it was totally worth it. This is a really great place to try too because it has a huge variety of offering, not just Salvadoran food, but Mexican as well. They also have pictures on the menu so if you're not familiar with a specific dish it is easy to order from the pictures. El Pulgarcito offers friendly service and delicious food at incredibly low prices, there's not much else I look for in a restaurant!
5	Found this place by accident. The service was really fast we waited maybe 5 minutes and our plates were out. Pupusas were really tasty.
5	Best Latino restaurant in Charlotte. They have Mexican and El Salvadorian selections.The papusas are a must. Surprisingly their fried chicken is amazing. Also they have a very good Tres Leches cake. Very cheap compared to the competition in Charlotte. Very Clean too.
4	This is actually one of my favorite Latin restaurants in the area. The only reason for the 4 stars is you really have to watch with breakfast because they will often cook even sunny-side-up eggs to death so make sure you're very clear if you want them cooked medium or less. And I'm a real egg freak... I've been to this restaurant several times and ordered a variety of items. The Platillo Guanaco will satisfy even the hungriest carnivore with a protein urge, while the seafood soup will almost make you cry it's so good! Oh and for breakfast it's excellent here- with a delicious green salsa for huevos rancheros (but heed the previous egg warning well). If you're used to the thin Mexican style tortillas these are really very thick and may surprise you, but they are very good. Also they have agua de jamaica, and I can never say no to that. If you don't speak Spanish it can be a challenge here, but well worth a little confusion. I speak Spanish and there has been occasional confusion anyway, but they always jump to fix anything that you think might have gone wrong with your order. Parking can be a real challenge as their lot is frequently full (a sign of how good it is), but like the occasional order confusion it's still very worth it.The prices here are a real bargain. I think another reviewer mentioned having to get a table-full just to be able to use their Groupon and that is about right. This place will definitely not kill your budget, all while serving surprisingly well-executed and extremely large dishes. When I order a Platillo Guanaco (the chicharron is pretty dry though, so I skip it and get more steak) I have 1/4 to 1/3 of it in the restaurant before I'm full, taking the rest home for 2-3 more meals.
4	I like the food and portions here. The prices are also decent considering what you get. Don't like that there's no refills on drinks. The dessert empanadas are really good and the pupusas are fresh and tasty. I wouldn't order appetizers because the meals are pretty big. Most times I will share with my daughter. I have also purchased vouchers.
5	EAT HERE!!!!!  OK not all of the staff speak English but not to worry!!! I speak Spanish and  they are so friendly.  Just smile, point, nod, etc.  No matter what they bring you, you will love it....unless you are allergic.   I LOVE THIS PLACE!! SHRIMP AND STEAK STUFFED CHICKEN BREAST WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW!!!!!
5	I found out about this place via one of the local magazines when they did a story on the various eateries on Central Avenue and Pulgarcito was one of them. Let me tell you.....the Asade Carne Torta is the ish! It's a mexican sandwich and it's the best damn sandwich I ever had. I also had the shrimp soup and it soothed my soul. This place isn't fancy but the food is stellar and the prices are very reasonable.
5	Well... I found my new favorite Mexican place in Charlotte. SO authentic and fresh. Get the pupsas!! Everyone talks about them for a reason. Wow the pork and cheese is the best.My tamale was super fresh and bursting with authentic flavors. And the taco I had was also unlike any I've had in the city. The side of plantains came with beans too! Delicious. Can't go wrong here.
4	My two friends and I were the only gringos there. Solid service and huge portions.  I ordered beef tongue enchiladas.  They would have been perfect if they would have seared them at all. They were great and flavorful but needed some crust and rind on the meat. Such a fatty and soft meat feels like you're eating raw beef after a while. The guys at the table got chicken and a burrito neither of which they could finish and these guys can eat.  Horchata could have used a tad more sugar but I loved it anyway. Will return for sure and try something new.
5	So....I really LOVE pupusas and Salvadoran tamales and these might be the best I've had.  This restaurant is in an area with many options for a variety of ethnic cuisines including other restaurants with Salvadoran menus. Glad we stopped here!!
5	Last year my bf and I found this place through Yelp while searching for restaurants that were open pass 10pm- We stumble across this restaurant and now  always order over the phone. All staff is Spanish speaking, so make sure you know some spanish before ordering food over the phone. We normaly order the bean and cheese pupusas, carne asada tacos, carnitas tacos and chicken tacos, and all are pretty good. Their green salsa is delicious and Carne Asada quesadilla is good too. With $26 you can feed 4 people- the prices are pretty reasonable.  We are regulars here. The food is great and pretty authentic--- A must try if you want to venture down Central Ave.
5	The Pupusas here are Amazing. I went to El Salvador once for 3 months and everyday this is what I ate. Since then I've been looking for a good Pupusa. The toppings are the best I've had - better than what I had in El Salvador. The staff was really nice too!
5	Excellent food and incredible value.  I have traveled all throughout Central America and can tell you that this place is very authentic. I had the tapatio plate which is kind of like their sampler. It came with chicken, steak, shrimp all grilled also had a salad, rice, beens, pico, sweet and green plantains and fresh made corn tortillas.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the staff was extremely friendly. Will definitely be back here
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! My husband is from Central America, so our family frequents this great hole-in-the-wall for their incredible papusas, shrimp with cream sauce (camarones con crema), and the huge platter of grilled meats (tapatillo). The food is authentic, fresh, and outstanding! And even if you don't know much Spanish, don't avoid this great place because the menu has pictures and the staff are very friendly! This place is a local classic!
