4	4 stars for Pittsburgh.  This was our pizza standby for years.  Good enough that even the plain is good. Eating in is sometimes unpleasant, what with the TV blaring, etc.  And the staff only warmed up to us after 4 years.  Spinach and onion calzone is pretty damn good, probably better than the pizza.
4	Great pizza! Just not as good as Mineo's . The place is really small! I wish that they were as big as Mineo's.
3	The slices are small, but I'm willing to fork over three bucks for two slices of plain cheese.  The pizzas are on the doughy side--not too doughy, but I personally prefer a little more crispness.  And since I already sound like Goldilocks in this review, I'll also say that I think the cheese is a little bit too salty, but just by a tiny margin.  I often pass by this place on my way home, so I'm sure I'll keep coming back.  It does the trick when I get pizza cravings.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to head to Napoli if I wasn't already in the neighborhood.
4	I recently did a pizza crawl through squirrel hill with a friend, where we hit every single one of squirrel hill's 7 pizzerias, and got a slice of pepperoni pizza at each one in a row!  Napoli's had the best pepporoni hands down, and in our opinion the 2nd best pizza over all next to mineos.  Napoli's pizza's a bit greasy, but very good over all, fast, cheap, and has the most crispy and flavorful pepperoni of any pizzeria in squirrel hill.  A must for any pepperoni lovers!
5	Stopped over Murray Ave to see what was shaking at the banjo shop and stopped in Napoli for a couple slices. It was right after lunch and not too busy, there was only a couple tables of Cops loitering, er, I mean lunching and that's it. The Pizzeria is set up like your typical slice shop, with the added bonus that you can buy Beer(+1), also. I tried a Pepperoni roll and a slice of pepperoni with a Coke. The roll came with a side of sauce and was quite tasty, well, where there was pepperoni it was tasty. I had a couple bites that was only dough(-1). The slice was also good, a nice thin slice with thinly sliced pepperoni that curls when cooked. As I was sitting down the Owner pulled a sausage pie from the oven, mmmm ground hot sausage(+1). HELLO! So, I had one of those, too. And it was yummy, too. I had a great conversation with the owner and another customer that came in after me. All in all, even tho I am a big fan of Mineo's, I would and will definitely give these guys more business.
4	A great pizza tonight. I used to only eat slices here but tonight I had my two boys with me so we ordered a small pizza with cheese. It was awesome. Not too much cheese, crisp crust. Cooked just right. The guy behind the counter checked on us a few times. Service was great. Definitely going back.
5	The pizza and hoagies are very good and for reasonable prices. Our orders can be a little picky, but they've always accomidated special request without issue. Can't say the same about the other (more expensive) pizza places on Murray.
4	I've had a hard time finding a slice of pizza that doesn't dissolve under the weight of its own cheese and grease since moving to Pittsburgh but I finally lucked out with the white pizza from Napoli Pizzeria in Squirrel Hill. The crust isn't too thick but is crisp enough to keep its shape and toppings, the blend of olive oil, garlic and spices makes me forget about red sauce entirely, and even though it's perfectly delicious with just a cheese topping, nearly any of the other 20 topping choices would make for a great meal, too. The only thing that would make it better is if goat cheese was on the menu. I wouldn't recommend eating in, though. The dining area is cramped and loud and the counter set-up makes it difficult to get to. Besides, this is one of the few pizza places in Squirrel Hill that will actually deliver--so embrace your inner laziness and eat it on the couch.
4	Eh, don't bother with Aiello's or Mineo's. Napoli's is where it's at!I usually eat here alone, like a big loser, but I enjoy that it isn't super busy and I can watch the Pirates game on the tv while I eat a salad and a slice. Their salads aren't anything fancy, but for some reason I am hooked! I get take out from here pretty regularly and always have had a great experience with the guys behind the counter. The only annoying thing is that they are cash only, but that is pretty standard for many pizza shops in Sq Hill.
5	Great pizza, great service. Tell em terry sent ya
5	Great pizza and great service. These guys are really great, nice people with awesome pizza. Try a cut of plain or spinach with their ranch dressing. You should draft your will first bc you might die and go to heaven. Just sayin.
1	Yuck. You let me down, Yelp. I'm new to the area and haven't found all the good pizza places yet, I'm very disappointed with the quality of the pizza here. They don't use fresh ingredients - a slop of frozen spinach and canned mushrooms piled high on a salty pizza. Won't be getting pizza from here again.
4	My first meal in Squirrel Hill while looking for an apartment (I'm moving from out of town) was at Napoli Pizzeria.  When I walked in there were several EMTs by the door, so I figured the food would be good.  What EMT would go to a bad pizza place?  At the entrance to the left is the counter with some of the pies waiting to be heated back up in the oven and to the right several coolers with drinks in bottles from beer to soda.  I ordered two slices of pepperoni, which came out pretty quickly.  The staff was friendly and the pizza had just about the right ratio of crust to cheese to sauce.  It was greasy, but not too greasy (read just the way I like it).  On a cold day, it was the perfect hot thing for lunch and wasn't too pricey either.
3	I've been a fan of Napoli for years, but my last 2 pizzas were both underdone - very doughy crust, underdone. We got onion and hot peppers on the pizza, and they were mostly uncooked. Something has changed, and we just got our last pizza here.
5	Amazing pizza.
5	Way better than aiellos and mineos and everything else. I've lived in squirrel hill for 5 years and I can tell you that the delicious pizza smell making this neighborhood smell fantastic is coming from Napoli!
5	Delicious and consistent. Love their pizza, wings, cheese fries, lasagna!! The staff aren't so friendly but the food compensates for it.
5	This is my favorite place to eat when I'm visiting family. The best pizza and the most amazing mozzarella sticks. I like the ambiance. Eating here makes me nostalgic for my childhood. You definitely won't go wrong.
5	My favorite Pizza Place in the squirrel hill.Although I have to say I like their Subs even more than the pizza, (those things are just fresh and perfect.)Also you can get a 6 pack / some good soda! This place is a win win that locals truly appreciate, many of us have been going for years and years. Never had a bad experience.
5	My personal favorite pizza in the entire city. Do yourself a favor and get a pepperoni pizza (out of this world!) and an Italian hoagie double baked in the oven.My family has been coming here for as long as I can remember and I have many good memories of this place! I will continue to come here and bring my children here as Napoli Pizzeria is a Pittsburgh institution. I would recommend this place to any of yinz out there! Support pizza shops like Napoli who actually take pride the food they serve!
1	Yuck again. Reminded me of BAD high school cafeteria pizza. Aiello's and Mineo's are both better
4	Napoli tries to put itself into the famous Pittsburgh pizza competition against Aiello's and Mineo's, but it falls short, save one standard: it looks damn good. In the end, however, it will always place as shameful, shameful bronze. Here's what is best about Napoli: its cheese, which tastes exactly the same as the other two (same cheese seller?), and the crust is chewy, too. But the sauce is rather flavorless, though a little sweet.Don't get me wrong. This excellent pizza, and it destroys 95% of all other pizza in the universe. But in Pittsburgh, it only wins the consolation match.
5	Three Iconic pizza places in the same block.  Napoli's is hands down the best.  The other two beat any chain hands down, but Napoli's is tops.  We had about 15 people over the to the house and had a blind taste test.  Locals, a couple of southerns, some Swedes, a Venezuelan.  Napoli's pepperoni beat the other two hands down.  Better than most NYC joints and ALL Chicago pizzerias.
2	I love plain cheese pizza. I love a crunchy yet soft crust, good melty cheese, and a not-too-sweet sauce. Napoli had all three, but where they fell short, which surprised me, was the taste of the crust, it was way too salty. I don't know if it was because it went bad or they didn't measure the salt correctly but I was very disappointed. I loved everything else about the pizza so I hope this was a one-time thing. I will give them another chance but I will buy a single slice next time instead of a whole pie.
