1	One star for the nice barista Kenneth. This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They charged me an extra dollar to get a venti ice water, they didn't have a toaster for my friend's bagel, and they weren't taking gift cards due to "technical difficulties." I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip.
2	Super sloooooowwwwwwww, but I'm was at the Excalibur and wanted Starbucks
1	This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They don't take gift cards due to "technical difficulties." I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip. Worst Starbucks to visit!
3	Milkshakes that pass themselves off as coffee. Mmmm... Tasty now leave me alone I'm enjoying this
2	Only one person working (during the 2-5pm BOGO special)...not good. The service was slow but she was very pleasant...unfortunately the drinks did not taste good and only 1 of the 4 drinks we had were finished. This stand is also ridicuslouly marked up....ventis are in the $6 range, wow. It's worse than other hotels for sure.
3	The prices at this Starbucks, located on the floor of the Excalibur casino, are ridiculously inflated, but I expected that considering its location.  It costs $6.25 for a venti latte, and $4 for a slice of lemon loaf or a cinnamon roll, and you don't even get points for being a gold card member.  I only stayed in the Excalibur hotel for one night, but I purchased three or four drinks from this Starbucks during that time (and one from the Starbucks upstairs).  There was only a line once while I was there, but they actually kept us moving pretty quickly through it.  My standard order is a little involved - a grande decaf americano with three inches of steamed breve and 4 pumps of sugar free vanilla syrup but they made them perfectly for my friend and I every time.I had a slice of lemon loaf one day and a cinnamon roll the next and both were wonderful.  I have a friend who worked at a different Starbucks who told me that all their pastries come in frozen and they thaw them to sell.  It's a little hard to believe that the cinnamon roll had ever been frozen as it was rather tasty.  There were some small cafe tables to sit at between the Starbucks and the poker tables.  The workers were friendly enough, though not overly perky.The location was handy for those wanting something a little stronger than the free drinks the casino hands out, but with an opposite effect.
2	Of course the price is super expensive, but seems like almost all Starbucks on LV strip are more expensive. However, the reason why I gave them two stars is because they can't make good Caramel Macchiato. It wasn't strong enough and was too sweet. Luckily, I don't think we will be back here again.
2	I suppose here is where you learn not all Starbucks are created equal?  I had an overpriced extra bold coffee that cost two dollars more than my regular Starbucks.  Maybe they are not even a real Starbucks, just a Starbucks wannabe like the ones in B&N because they did not take Starbucks gift cards.   The staffs here were also somewhat rude and unfriendly.
3	This review is for the Starbucks inside the Excalibur Hotel on the casino level. I work in the area so have visited this location many times. Being Las Vegas it goes without saying that they're overpriced. They're also usually under staffed. In the morning you can expect a long wait for your coffee.Other than these negatives they do ok for being in a casino environment.
1	Bad customer service! Had a small change request after paying... Barista DAISY agreed but only to make snarky comments! And she hasnt even started making our order, so no harm done yet! Unnecessary attitude! Will take this up to management!
1	Not quite sure how this place can call themselves Starbucks, yet they do not accept the Gold Card or gift cards. They are quite slow at making the overpriced drinks, but I guess they don't care, since they are making a killing. The Excalibur does not have coffeemakers in their rooms, so why not have people pay a decent amount for coffee downstairs?!If you plan on staying in the Excalibur, do yourself a favor, and bring your own coffeemaker. You'll save a ton of money, and you won't be cranky walking down to this Starbucks in the morning JUST to get a cup of coffee for $5.
3	"In the land of the blind the one eyed jack is king"In a casino with only two coffee shops and no coffee maker in the room, Starbucks is the king in this castle. Employees stay busy and do a good job. Prices are so high I am surprised Robin Hood doesn't raid them nightly.
3	I rated it lower because its in the middle of a dirty hotel that smells. but the pastries are yummy and staff are nice. Still overpriced like the other local ones in the area.
2	Like other reviews, this place seemed overpriced but that's not the entire reason for the low rating.  The lady at the register was attempting to take our order while talking (in spanish) to her coworkers.  She ended up messing up my order and the wrong drink being made.  So i went up and requested that it made to be as ordered only to get the correct drink but no flavor except milk.  Seems like I may be giving up on this company as they seem to disappoint me as of late and I'd rather invest my money into somewhere else.  Get your act together Starbucks!!!
3	This location is located inside the mezzanine of The Excalibur Hotel and does not take the Starbucks application feature.Bring Cash or Card but do not expect this Starbucks to work on your phone.The two fellas we approached when we wanted a late night coffee fix were kinda looking as if they had a better thing to do.They were ok.
4	There's nothing quite like the joy of Starbucks coffee at noon when you wake up in Vegas to discover your room has no coffee maker.Located in the food court and on the outskirts of the casino, Starbucks is there to sober you up and keep you awake for the upcoming night. Those responsible people who got to bed at a decent hour will devour all the bagels before you arrive, they currently can't accept gift cards, and you're in Vegas the land of high rollers so the prices are a dollar or so higher than tour hometown Starbucks.But I do not care, for I am exhausted and need caffeine!
4	What can I say. ..a Starbucks is a Starbucks!  That is why they are so popular.  Their product is consistent.  My only complaint--and this for EVERY Starbucks in Vegas is the astronomical prices.  Their items cost almost double what their items cost any where else.  Every Starbucks I entered was completely packed, I can't imagine the price hike is necessary . . . just greedy.
4	The Thai tea is delicious.  The lemon iced pound cake is very moist and just falls apart in your hand and melts in your mouth. The marshmallow bar is very soft and chewy with a slight vanilla flavoring. The staff is very efficient and knowledgeable.  They are are smiling and appear to enjoy their job. Great atmosphere all around.
1	The staff was grumpy and questioned my coffee decision making when I tried to order a custom drink.  If I'm going through the trouble of ordering a super custom drink....please don't question me and tell me that "it might taste funny".  They also don't take starbucks giftcards or allow you to use your starbucks app to get points.  With so many other coffee places, especially starbucks - I'd skip this one.  Walk a bit down and there is a much better one in the New York New York!
1	They don't take gold cards since they "don't have the machines for it". The Mirage location doesn't have the machine/scanner/swiper either, but the baristas type in the card code manually. The line consisted of around 10 people and only 1 barista was at the cashier. There were 2 other baristas working there.. One making drinks and the other doing who knows what.. Ordered a grande caramel macchiato with extra caramel with a base price of $5.30. They charged me 50 cents for tax AND 85 cents for the extra syrup. Totaled up to $6.65. I got the same exact drink from the Mirage location and they only charged me $5.95...
1	Edgar was more worried about my slightly torn $20 bill and proceeded to give me a nasty look and said "oh 1 torn $20 bill huh?" Then proceeded to tape it in front of me like I had commuted a monitory crime, then reluctantly proceeded to get a cup of coffee an breakfast sandwich. Guess he just needs to be on a vacation and have someone return the favor to appreciate being on the other side.
