3	The breakfast here is really good however their lunch could use some work. A lot of the vegetables are watered down and don't have much flavor. I would recommend trying this place on a Tuesday when they serve their baked chicken. It's really good.
1	I don't like to give out one stars and I don't give them out lightly without an explanation. I was out driving looking for yard sales in the area when we passed this cute little restaurant. I figured it was probably going to be some amazing southern cooking and my heart was craving some delicious buttered pancakes. To my dismay they were done with breakfast once we arrived. Ah well. No big deal.We sat at our table and it took a bit for our server to come and talk to us, and there were only a couple people there. I felt as if our being there was an inconvenience and I was pretty bummed since I'd had such high expectations of the place. We ordered Mt. Dew & when they brought it out, it was in a can. So, obviously, no free refills. Ok. That I was even sort of ok with... Well when our food came out, I ordered the veggie plate, which was 3 sides. A salad with ranch dressing, mashed potatoes and gravy & corn were my meal & my boyfriend ordered the roast beef special that the server swore by. My salad came out and it had only lettuce on the plate with a gallon of ranch dressing. No carrots, cheese, onions or anything but it had a slice of tomato that appeared to have mold on it. Gross. I ate a few bites of the lettuce drenched in ranch before I noticed the tomato & then I pushed it aside. My boyfriend tried the roast beef and said it was so chewy he had to grind it against his teeth for awhile to chew it up & it was just bland in general. I took a bite of the potatoes because at that point I figure it was the best thing I'd be eating at this place. I stuck them in my mouth and wow... they were flavorless. It was seriously like I'd taken a bite of textured air. Really??? So I said nothing and offered a bite to my boyfriend to see what his reaction was because I knew he wouldn't believe me if I told him. He took the bite and stopped chewing immediately and looked at me with a questioning look, and said, "Gross." The corn was good but that was seriously the only thing I could even eat. He ate a portion of his sandwich and left the rest because he just couldn't do it. I was actually a little angry by this point because I can't believe a place that has been around so long could be this terrible. When we got the bill, it was almost $30!!!!! Yeah and those cans of pop we ordered, $1.50 each! Ridiculous. I will never return to this place and if you're driving by I wouldn't recommend it. Really sad about this one.
4	Cheap, good comfort food. This place has been around a long time, the wait staff is super friendly, and the tea is super sweet.You can't go wrong with their fried fish-it was delicious!, or the meat and two they have every day.
5	Great comfort food!!!I noticed some less than stellar reviews - I used to eat at the KK 25 years ago when the Karnezis's owned it....  Over time it changed hands, and know it is back in their hands!  So if you tried it in the past and were not happy, try it again!
5	My wife Sandy an i have breakfast here everyday of the week.  The owners treat us and the other customers as a VIP.  The staff is very attentative and personable.  We always are greated with a smile and leave smiling.  We have been to several resturants  in Charlotte and the service and food are exceptional!  We would give 10 stars if possible.
5	I have been eating breakfast and lunch at the Kopper Kettle for over 20 years and it never disappoints.  I get eggs over easy with grits and liver mush and it is always great.  My wife loves the Greek omelette.  The staff is super friendly.  I would highly recommend this place to everyone.
5	Best breakfast in Charlotte I've had. Definitely recommend the French Toast Biscuits. Simply amazing.
5	Great food with friendly atmosphere. Great staff. I had scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon, and orange juice during a business meeting. Great restaurant. I'll come back!
