2	II would rate my experience with the San Palmilla property (owned/managed by Mark-Taylor) to be very average, and yet despite it's mediocrity, they expect you to pay high-end luxury prices. The pools and the fitness center were without question the major positive to the property, the apartment was less than what I'd expect for the overwhelming cost. Definitely some questionable tenants in other units close by, towards the end of my stay here (1 year lease) it seemed to lean more heavily towards college-aged ASU students (and 6/7 year senior jackasses), which resulted in more trash scattered about the grounds, and some more obnoxious pool parties. Also, for the love of all that is good, why does maintenance insist on weed-whacking outside of my window at 7am?!? I can't count how many times I considered homicide as a form of retaliation. Bottom line, there are better, less expensive options out there.
1	I lived here for almost 3 years. Almost because I am pursuing legal action to get out. The staff moving in was horrendous. The staff now is so green one cannot even reason with them. The staff care not about the tenants but about profits. Strange fees pop up, security has lacked, repairs are done by the lowest bidder. For the money you'll spend here one can get so much more. Run, don't walk, from this complex.
1	Do not live here. The people suck and do not care about residents. They charge ridiculous fees when they are the ones who made the mistake. They are a big corporation with a lot of properties and do not care about retaining tenants. Tried to reason with them over late fees (rent was paid late because they had it posted incorrectly) to no avail.  They just wanna make the most profits.  I wish I had never agreed to a yr at this place. Save your time and go somewhere else
1	I lived here for one year and that was way too long.  The only great things: the pool area, one time a year pool party and a nearby bus stop.  The prices are outrageous for what you get cheap appliances, nothing inside the apartment I would describe as luxurious.  The staff was terrible when I first moved in mid 2012 and when I move out it was a completely different staff and they were much better.  This place is NOT pet friendly.  The fee for each pet was $25 and when my cat got sick and had potty issues we were told that the carpet needed replacing and that was $900.  When I called to ask on their policy of satellites ( I was moving from out of state) I was told there was a designated area but this turned out not true and we were stuck with COX, who is horrible may I add.
4	Nice place. Staff is friendly and eager to help. The pool area is large and clean. Noise and cleanliness policies get enforced. Pet friendly but somehow tenants manage to keep the common areas clean (not my experience in the past - pet friendly often means pet leavings everywhere)Try merging out of the driveway onto Baseline during your commute times if you are looking into one of these units. Baseline road is really the biggest downside here. You have to learn to be an aggressive driver.edit: this is edited from my original review - I discussed my complaint with management. They post a notice 72 hours prior to entry on your front door, and then send an email at least 36 hours beforehand as well. That's more than the minimum requirement, and more reasonable than what I thought had happened.
5	San Palmilla is a wonderful place to live. It is always very clean and the staff is always eager to help. I would honestly recommend anyone and everyone to live here. Maintenance request are usually handled within 24 hours unless they need to order a part. The dog park is awesome. We bring our pup out there several times a day to play with all the other neighborhood dogs. In San Palmilla you will have so many great neighbors that are always willing to help out if needed. I have really created several special bonds with the people that live in our area of the neighborhood.
4	We lived there for a year in a 2 bedroom apartment, but we had to move since there wasn't an empty 3 bedroom.The management staff are nice and very helpful, the maintenance team is very good and if you requested something to be changed they will do in a fast and proper manner, also its clean, every Monday their team clean the whole complex.Pricing wise, I would say they are good compare to the services they offer.our only problem was some of the dogs often pee in front of our patio, and that bring bad smell, but that the problem with living next to the dog park.
2	I love how nice it looks but living here... think again! You pay so much money just to have this apartment and everything is cheap quality. They add on extra fees for something simply. The staff fuses about any little thing so they can charge fees. It's RIDICULOUS!!! Don't live here unless you have the money to waste it
1	Do not live here! The worst apartment! The staff are rude, and they only care the profits, they will charge ridiculous fees even though that was their mistake!I told them half year ago that I decide to move out for at least 3 times,they never told me that I need to sign the notice. Even though after that, I came to office check with the rent fee, they realized I'll move out this month. Then, they add our responsible to November, that means we need to pay one more month rent fee even though we are not live here, which is RIDICULOUS! My roommate remembered that she signed the form, but the staff can't find it, they didn't admitted that. That's not our fault! The worst apartment!
