5	Awesome place.  Great staff and fantastic work.  My wife kept telling me to go here instead of another place that I was going.  I thought, what can be any different from what I am getting?  Boy was wrong.  This place did a tooth cleaning that was extensive and very thorough.  I had never experienced anything like it.
5	Raise your hand if you haven't been to the dentist for a while. (me: raises hand while doing some quick math... let's see... it's been 22 years since my last visit... yeah. Not good.)I hate going to the dentist. And by "hate" I mean it in the worst possible sense - loathe, despise, dread, can't stand it, and what have you.Now I know what you're thinking: a) grossb) really grossc) his teeth must be a messd) wait - does he even have any teeth left?"D" is a fair question, as I did live in Arkansas for a decade, but I'm happy to report that mah teefs are in quite good shape, as the fine folks at Associated informed me. Making the appointment was a breeze; I did it online. My first visit consisted primarily of x-rays and a preliminary examination. Insurance covered all of it, save for the deductible. They scheduled me for a cleaning, which was absolutely painless - Carrie (it's "Carrie") was superb, very friendly, and very informative. Dr. Kokott is the bomb-dot-com; he fixed a small chip that I had, took a good look at my chompers and said there wasn't anything bad to report. He thought that one of my wisdom teeth could use some sealing, but otherwise all was good. They scheduled me for that appointment just as easily as the other two.The office processed all of the insurance forms and paperwork; they did an excellent job of explaining what was covered and what wasn't. Costs were very reasonable (thanks in part to insurance). I've heard horror stories about some offices performing unnecessary work, over-billing, and using archaic methods. You won't find any of that here. I'm actually looking forward to establishing a regular relationship with my dentist... one that won't lapse for two decades between visits. Thanks, Associated!
5	I highly recommend Associated Dentists for their dental services. We started going to them a couple of years ago after we got several word of mouth references from friends and neighbors. And we have no regrets about making the decision to use them for dental services. The office staff is highly professional and very approachable. Their hygienists are top notch technical professionals who treat their jobs with pride and their patients with respect. I have every confidence in the care they give to me and my family.
