4	This place has the best goddamn vietnamese-style spring-rolls I've ever tasted. The best part is that they're vegan! It's a terrible struggle to even consider ordering anything else because I lust for them so badly.The place is really chill and the staff is really friendly. The few times I've been there, I've just chatted with them while I eat or work.They also function as a organic(?) mini-mini-grocery, so if you're into that it's a pretty swell idea to eat and then shop.As a late-nighter I'm not always suitable for their core business hours, but that's a pretty small complaint in the grand scheme of things.
4	Quiet little cafe with nice art and good service. Wholesome and delicious breakfast. Cheese omlette with mushroom and spinach and hot oatmeal and fresh fruit, cranberries.
5	What a fantastic cafe -- and especially lovely interior since the renovation.  Serving all healthy local (organic and cage free) eggs, local meats, organic dairy and gluten-free and vegan options -- this is my favorite place to go for breakfast or lunch. It is BUSY at lunch time though.The staff actually know how to pull a proper espresso, and the coffee is good (even the decaf).LOVE the veggie burgers, the scones are usually really good; the croissants possibly the only thing not worth ordering on the menu.Rotating art work on the walls, a conference space in the back for larger groups or meetings, and a very friendly staff.
4	Excellent service, and very friendly staff. The coffee is excellent, and the espresso is pulled on a gorgeous vintage machine (it's beautiful if you appreciate fine coffee, and adds to the atmosphere) The owner told me the whole story behind the espresso machine, and was super friendly.I believe there's wifi if you're working, and there's a great little patio outside when the weather is nice.It's a homey feeling place. Not too big or loud. One of the coffee gems in Kitchener Waterloo.If you're driving, there is a lot across the street, but it's hit or miss whether you'll find a spot. You can also park on the road nearby.
3	Note: 3.5 STARSSeven Shores recently expanded in a big way.  Its far less cramped than it used to be.  I got a 'pour-over coffee' which is the hot new thing in coffee. What's a pour-over, you ask? It's the hot new thing outta Japan. Basically its hot water poured coffee, real slow like.  Somehow, it transforms your $1 gas station perk into the milk of virginal unicorns.Not sure if its worth $3.25, but it was really good.  Normally I drink with cream and lots o' sugar, and this baby didn't need it, once it cooled down.  So props to that.  My big complaint about this place was really the atmosphere in this place.  Dunno know about the staff attitude.  Got a weird vibe from them.  Also, this place is chock full of boring middle-aged, yuppie families with babies, and their geriatric parents in tow. Now, there is nothing wrong with these people whatsoever.  But, if you're like me, and you are partially looking for the social aspect of a coffeeshop, and don't happen to own a golden retriever, adopted babies, a pantry full of WholeFoods, and 3 Volvo station wagons (one per baby/dog), you might want to steer clear of this place.
4	Delicious coffee and food! Everything that I have ordred there, from breakfast to coffee, hot chocolate, baked goods, to lunch, each item has been excellent. The vibe in Seven Shores is not your normal (often pretentious) coffee shop, full of students and young professionals, but that is a huge relief and extremely refreshing to find a different atmosphere. Comfortable, spacious, and full of light, its a nice spot to do some work, chat with friends, or read a book. Also, take note of the wooden counter when you order your drink. It is made from recycled shelves of the previous establishment. Pretty awesome. Your order is brought to you at your table, which is a nice touch.
5	What a cute little cafe! Great ambience and lots of light. The (vegan?) Caesar salad was a fresh spin on a lunchtime favourite. An interesting spot for a light lunch and chill atmosphere.
5	My favorite cafe in Waterloo, it has a buzzing atmosphere and some very good options, beverage and food wise. Their gluten free options are delicious. The cafe promotes local and sustainable food too.
4	I went with my partner for brunch on a Monday. I had an egg with cheese on an English muffin. I liked it a lot. The presentation was nice. I had regular brewed coffee and it was good. I'd heard mixed things about the coffee but it was great.My partner ordered eggs over easy with toast, but complained that they were overdone. We both thought that the water tasted a bit weird, but that's most likely because it's from KW groundwater.Overall, Seven Shores has a really great atmosphere and the staff are very nice. I've been going for a while and I'll definitely keep coming back.
