3	I'm afraid my opinion falls somewhere between the first two reviewers, so I don't know if I will be off much helpFirst of all I disagree that the Bike Station, a volunteer run bike repair, and second hand shop, staff are not very helpful. I found them very helpful and knowledgeable, though that comes from someone with little to knowledge of bikes. I also saw them discussing in length some problems another customer had, who clearly did know a thing or two about bikes.However I do have to agree about the waiting times. The idea behind the bike station is that you come along on a Saturday morning, queu up, then when its your turn you pick your bike. I waited in line for two hours with my friend and when we finally got inside the shop there were about ten bikes left, none of which were suitable. A big disappointment. But they did give us some advice and answer questions we had and I did end up picking up a helmet and other accessories. If you have repairs or advice this is a definite place to check out. If you are looking to buy a cheap second hand bike and you don't mind ques, then give it a go, just be aware to the complete hit or miss nature of The Bike Station.
5	UPDATE, June 2014: My biggest gripe was the fact that you had to frantically grab a bike on Saturday mornings, well you can pop in any day of the week now (apart from Sunday and Monday) and even late on Thursdays. I also took a bike in for servicing and not only did they do a great job, their chat was interesting and all my questions were followed up with good advice. As good as it gets for this type of thing!
4	After researching where to find a good, second-hand bike, I came across  the Bike Station, which has a fantastic mission and does great work. Their bikes are high quality and the staff is extremely knowledgable. That said, it is a bit far from central Edinburgh to traipse out there if they are sold out of bikes. I learned that you have to be patient and it's the luck of the draw what you'll find here each day. I first came at lunchtime in mid-September, only to hear that the students had been queuing outside each morning at 10am when it opened to snatch up all of the just-completed bikes. The Bike Station sold out of all of its second-hand bikes each day and it was hard for someone working to be able to compete with the savvy and competitive students. However, luck stroke for me in the last week of September and I found a great bike. The staff were so friendly and let me ride it around outside and ask many questions about it. The three-month limited warranty also reassured me, and the knowledge that I was not only getting a good bike but also was supporting a great cause and mission of the Bike Station. I was sold.
