4	I initially moved here straight from Chicago upon my friends' recommendations.  They both happen to be roommates and work very close to the apartments.  I have enjoyed living here thoroughly and though I do miss Natalia (she initially worked with me to have everything set for when I arrived), the new team seems to have a more open line of communication.The amount of obnoxiously loud parties has gone down since the property management has changed and they seem to definitely be on top of the concerns that I have had (ie: cigarette butts, trash issues, unauthorized parking in reserved spots, etc.).In general though, the location is great living on the edge of Biltmore and things over the past several months have improved.  The greenery is nice to have around and overall the place is pretty well maintained.  The pool is cleaned regularly and people do use the gazebos to gather occasionally, whether it be for outdoor grilling or merely socially.  Most people possess the "keep to yourself" mentality, which doesn't bother me.  If you do happen to say, "hello," you will minimally get a head nod in acknowledgement.  The office is also available in the event you are unable to receive your packages while out of your apartment (they won't leave things at your door).I have enjoyed living here and plan to continue to do so... for a while, at least.
5	I have been living here for over a year now and have gotten to know the Jennifer and the other staff members here like John much better and I have to say, it's great.  The team here seems to have a good grasp on what's going on with the residents and put out a monthly newsletter with things that are going on with the community, recipes, classifieds, and other interesting tidbits.Jennifer is very easy to talk to and more than willing to assist the residents with whatever they need.  She seems to have an open door policy, is prompt in her responses, as well as being thoughtful, considerate, kind, and professional.  John has always been great with any maintenance requests I've had from changing my air filter to installing my new shower head he is very friendly and helpful.  I personally have not gotten to know Baylen yet, but from the interactions I have had with him he does seem nice.The property is well maintained, pet friendly, child friendly, clean, relatively quiet, and overall is the best apartment complex I have had the joy to reside in. I hope that they keep up the good work here and maybe even update a few of the appliances (I'm a foodie who loves to cook, so I'd love an updated kitchen).  Everything is in good working order, but I would love to see a few minor improvements inside such as the carpeting.
5	Although I have only lived here for a year and a half now, I must say I still enjoy residing at the Verandas. We just got a new property manager, Nate, and he seems to have picked things up where Jen had left off rather smoothly. He has answered my questions promptly since I am currently transitioning to a different apartment within the complex. Nate has also been accommodating to both myself and Bryan, which I greatly appreciate his assistance with. He has an approachable demeanor, is to the point, and seems to be eager to get things done.I wish Jen the best in her new position within the company and hope for things to continue to go well here since we are also soon to lose one of the maintenance staff, John, who has been awesome. Thus far though, MC in my experience has had great staff; I look forward to the future here and am curious what Nate will bring to the table.  I hope he will continue the great communication and community that has been here at this place!
5	We leased an apartment here about eight months ago with our daughter (we live in Bellingham, WA most of the year) and have been extremely satisfied with the Verandas.  The management and maintenance couldn't be better, although we're holding our breath now that recent staff changes are in the works.  The apartments are very quiet and we really like the location.  Fry's, Trader Joe's, LA Fitness and many other stores located within a mile or so.We highly recommend the Verandas for folks who want a quiet, working class environment in a central Phoenix location.  If you want a party atmosphere - head over to Tempe or Scottsdale.
1	This is update to review submitted in 2011.  Unfortunately apartment management and maintenance have deteriorated with changes to onsite staff.  Pool area is never cleaned, dumpsters have trash everywhere and are disgusting, all plants are dying because they're never watered, and most distressing, downstairs neighbor keeps two pit bull dogs on patio 24 hours a day and they poop and piss on concrete which draws flies and smells horrible.  Attempts to resolve this last issue were unsuccessful.  Probably will be moving out soon.  Very disappointing.
4	Nice quite community-Big trees and green grass for my dog. I love how close it is to Biltmore!
