4	In one word : Funky. I was there for lunch this week. First off, the set-up is VERY cute, especially when you remember that old pizzeria that used to be there. It's small but doesn't feel too tight, the tables are nice, and the bar will offer you a view on the kitchen - which I love. The lunch formula is 21$ for three choices of small courses, and I believe the dinner menu will also mostly be small plates to choose from.I started with a mushroom broth with small potatoes, spinach and cippolini onion. Cute start, the broth was tasty. I just wish there would have been a few mushrooms in there, too. Second course was a lovely and perfectly cut veal tartar (I'm a tough crowd on tartar cuts!) with a dijonnaise whipped cream on top. The cream was delicious but sadly covered ALL of that perfectly seasoned (and cut !) tartar. I would have like just a small spoonful.Third course was very different. I had cod pieces into a cold/warm buttermilk, served with raw cauliflower and lime zest. Props on the lime zest wich gave a perfect twist to the flavors. However, I must admit that the cold/warm effect on that dish was a bit surprising. Again, maybe I would have liked a little less of the buttermilk, but it was a cute and different dish.Good news is, small dishes means you have room left for desert !! I had a chocolate mousse served with a soft cookie pieces and poached pears. YUM-MY. I loved it !!Service was good, wines were, too.I would recommend trying this restaurant if you are in for something a little bit different. Make sure you have that piece of  artisanal bread from Hof Kelsten !
5	Best piece of duck I've ever had. The menu is a spectacle of high-end tapas. Fabulous  selection of esquisite and flavorful delicacies. The generous staff begins and ends each meal with tasty surprise.
5	Racine's is probably one of the most memorable meals I've had in a while. First, it should be noted that ambience, decor, service, etc. were all very, very good. However, what really stands out at this restaurant is the food. Racine's serves up a good variety of really special small plates/tapas. The feature here is meat, so, vegans should stay home.We ordered the raw foie gras + meringue and found it to be otherworldly. We've been eating foie gras in places that really know how to make good foie gras for almost 2 decades now. That being said, we've never had a taste experience quite like this. It was akin to sitting down and dunking your spoon into a tub full of butter...so rich and so good.Speaking of butter, Racines is cooking with real French butter which was a huge treat for us Americans. The use of real French butter seems to elevate the flavor of each dish in a way that is difficult to put into words (must be tasted to understand).Other dishes we sampled: carrot tartraw beef with onionsscallops with radish and salsify duck with kale and leekspork + oatschocolate + pearAll were divine and more than a small plate of each really would have been too much (food here sticks to your ribs).I've never had oats done up in a savory style before and found them to be the perfect accompaniment to the pork (nice flavor/texture, stood up well next to salty, juicy piece of pork).Overall, I cannot recommend Racine's enough! The food is as good as it gets, prices are very reasonable, and service/ambience leaves nothing to be desired.
2	Lunch menu is tasteless and borderline plastic - specifically the salad with char and orecchiette with chorizo. Having travelled the world and a foodie myself - I have high standards and always love trying out new places. Sorry folks at Racines, but the lunch menu needs work.
5	Restaurant Racines announced they are closing there doors and not reopening in September .. One less yelp review!
