5	If only I had the words to adequately describe this place and do it justice.  Going to Au Coin Berbere is like going home.   This is in no small part because my girlfriend lives in Montreal and introduced it to me.  Since then it's kind of been "our place".  Au Coin Berbere's a quiet, cozy little bring-your-own-wine, Algerian Berber restaurant on the Plateau, a stone's throw from the hustle and bussle of Saint Laurent.  It appears to be a family-run business and the host and hostess are very chill and welcoming.  The menu is extensive but I would really recommend the table d'hote which consists of a starter, a main course and dessert and tea.  As a starter the chorba soup is absolutely delicious; it's spicy and robust but has a delicate flavor with hints of cilantro and citrus.  The main course generally consists of couscous, a delicious vegetable tagine and choice of lamb, chicken or rabbit.  You can order spicy merghez sausages on the side as well.  I invariably order the lamb, which is TO DIE FOR!!!  The meat is delicate, flavorful and literally falls off the bone.  The meal is polished off with a choice of dessert (tuareg or baklava) and delicious mint tea which the hosts skillfully pours into your cup from about 2 feet away.  Overall this place is an absolute gem and I can't recommend it more highly!
4	My girlfriend described this place best: it feels like someone's lounge. The owner is also host, waiter, cashier and, I think, helps out in the kitchen. When a family hedges its bets on a business so intensely, you know they'll do their best.Well, it was fantastic. The vegetable couscous base was very balanced taste-wise and the stewing juices were very helpful in making my own lamb shank - couscous - vegetable mix a masterpiece.I would have devoured the lamb shank alone and left everything else. It was perfect, giving in to the slightest fork pressure and melting in my mouth.Dessert-wise, go for the stuffed dates. First and foremost because dates are a typical regional fruit and because this dessert will have you begging for more (don't be tempted, or your blood sugar won't thank you). Mint tea was brewed excellently, with fresh and tasty mint and served in pretty glassware.Service is family-style: polite, involved and lively. The owner joked with a large group of Francophones sitting at another table and being a little bit loud. It is a place I will be back to, for its delicious treats and the quaint, relaxed atmosphere I love so much. That feeling of the extra dedication, the extra passion for the food you're eating and, not to be forgotten, the really great prices.
3	After walking all over Montreal, I decided to try this place. I'm a vegetarian and, even though the restaurant had only one vegetarian main course, I seldom get the chance to eat Algerian so decided to eat here anyway.I started with the berber salad -- apple, sweet pepper, cucumber, tomato, and mint, supposedly, though I don't remember any apple and, if there was mint, there wasn't much of it. It was okay, but uninteresting. The waiter also brought me pita with harissa sauce. The pita was thin and seemed stale. I ordered the vegetable couscous for my main course. The stewed vegetables were served separately from the couscous. Both look like something you might get in a friend's grandmother's house. There was enough food for two people, but I ate it all. The waiter asked if I wanted more.The stew seemed to lack any spices whatsoever, but perhaps that's normal in berber cuisine, which I know is supposed to be relatively plain. I loaded it with harissa sauce, which made it a little more tasty. The waiter seemed aloof and wasn't very helpful. Overall, my experience was disappointing. Perhaps a meat-eater would like it better.
4	This place was exactly what i was looking for. The atmosphere is very relaxed with a nice mom and pop feel. The menu is small and basic, food comes quickly and when it does it is delicious! It is rather pricey,  coming out to about 19 dollars a person. They do take reservations and debit/credit cards.Good food, good service and bring your own wine! I will definitley return!
2	I invited my friend for her birthday there. She's from Algeria and Berber also. So I though it was a good idea. We shared the couscous and the lamb. The lamb was very tasty and tender but the couscous...dry. We were quite disappointed.Honestly, I made better couscous at home.This place can be perfect for people that doesn't know much about traditional Berber dishes.
