1	Horrible doctor-please do not go see her! I was a patient for quite some time. Although unhappy with her, I continued to see her because I hate change. Without reveling too much, she incorrectly diagnosed me with something horrible (based off a test administered by her "nurse assistant" who is still a student and has NO IDEA what he is doing). After diagnosing me with this (and I've also learned that it takes WAY more testing and seeing a specialist to diagnose what she did), she gave me no information about the condition at all and pretty much walked out of the room. My mind ran wild with horrible thoughts because she wasn't there to explain anything to me. Bewildered by her diagnosis, I went to see a different doctor who ran the same test (along with several others) and determined that she was completely incorrect. In the past, she has told me I was a severe diabetic, had high blood pressure, and high cholesterol. She had prescribed medication for diabetes, high blood pressure, cholesterol and kidney medication, (diabetes medication can give you kidney issues). She also told me she needed to check the circulation in my feet, due to my raging case of diabetes. Well, my new doctor ran every blood test under the sun and gave me a complete physical. Guess what?...I don't have diabetes (not even pre-diabetes), my cholesterol is fine and my blood pressure was stellar- this is all WITHOUT taking the medication she prescribed, as I knew deep down she was full of it. Moral of this story- Dr. Sood seems to want to label most patients as having some horrible condition and wants to continue to have them come back so she can monitor and treat these conditions. I don't know if it's so she keeps patients coming back or if she gets kickbacks from all these drug companies for diagnosing and prescribing so much. Bottom line is, she is not a good doctor and shame on her for trusting test results administered by a nursing assistant student who hasn't yet completed his courses and is probably making slightly more than minimum wage. Do not go see this doctor and if you have, I would suggest seeing someone else. Fortunately for me I saw someone else and received correct information. Not so fortunately however, this ordeal has left with me severe emotional scars and I am currently on medication from a psychiatrist after being diagnosed with a form of PTSD from the office visit with her. Aside from my horrible experience, the  office wait times are horrid and can exceed well over an hour on most days. Ain't nobody got time for that!
1	Be ready to wait at least an hour after your appointment time every time you walk in the door.
1	Complete lack of respect for peoples time. Dirty office and a staff that has even less respect for their patients! Don't waste your time waiting here you'll spend less time waiting and get better care in an er!. I have been waiting 1hr and 30 mins past my 2nd appointment. Dr didn't even know why I was there!
1	It is one thing not to have a bedside manner, and another to be completely rude to a patient is in excusable! Furthermore after my initial appt for which I paid $100.00 for I had to return few days latrer to pick up blood test results. She would not give them to me until I paid an additional $50.00. I have never had this happen to me, unfortunately I needed the results and she knew it. Shame on her for being a disgrace to her profession!
3	While the Doctor and people working here are very nice. Time is a big issue if you schedule an appointment dont plan on being seen till long after. I've waited over an hour from my scheduled appointment time. Just to be seated in the room then waited another 15-20mins for the Doctor to come in. The people are great but don't know how many more times i can spend my day at the Doctors waiting to be seen.
