2	This Walgreens has the busiest parking lot ever no matter what time of day it is packed! Kind of weird as the store seems empty. It is a standard Walgreens but this one sells liquor. The store is old and run down, the staff seems a bit distant. I would never go out of my way to shop here, but it does get a pass for convenience.
3	This is usually my go-to spot for filling any Rx's (especially since my surgery), but I find their online ordering inconsistent. Sometimes I get a courtesy email alerting me that my Rx is ready for pick-up, sometimes not. Sometimes I will get an email via walgreens.com with pick-up info, sometimes nothing. I know it's not the stores fault, but it really does frustrate me overall.This location is decent but at times can appear cluttered and dusty. Customer service is okay too.
2	This store is ghetto in comparison to other Walgreens stores I have been in. The store is not the cleanest in my honest opinion. The shopping center this store is located in is small and the parking lots is always cramped and crowded. I won't go to this location unless I absolutely have to.
1	This place smells like cat piss.  Like 100 cats use it as their litter box.  I don't even understand how a place can smell so much like cat piss.
4	I've been a customer here for about 3 years. I mainly shop here because it is close to home. They have a decent beer/liquor selection for a drugstore. The staff is friendly. Ladies - be careful after dark - this is a weird neighborhood.
2	If you really can't get to any other location, then you can suck it up.  But yeah, agree with what a lot of others say.  The parking lot is nuts all the time and seems to be occupied only by people who have forgotten how to operate their car and get along in society.  The inside is old and the employees clearly aren't happy to be there.  I guess Walgreens just doesn't care about this store because it's in a poorer neighborhood, because it's the only one I can even think of that hasn't been renovated at all.  Even in the middle of the day it's kind of a scary place.
