5	So Marcus, the owner, saw my wife and I passing by starring into his sandwhich shop and poked his head out the window amd said "We make a really mean grilled cheese, come on in". Graz just opened on Monday apparently he tells us as we skimmed over the menu. We decided to take his recommendations, the "BL cheese" and the "flying pig".So freaking good. I really digged the BL cheese (hot sandwhich w/ cheddar tomatoes, mixed greens h bacon on sourdough). Tasted nice and fluffy not greasy like I was expecting. The Flying pig  was really good too, Havarti cheese was a great touch but not sure how some people would feel about the herb spread. Can be strong for some. Reminded me of a strong honey mustard. Overall, definitely coming back. Would like to continue to support local business that has a great product. Come if your interested in a gourmet home cooked sandwhich
5	My husband and I had seen the banner on Pecos rd for a while now on our way to 24hr fitness. We finally stopped in after a tough cardio day and we're pleased to find a local owned establishment offering healthy options. I have never had kale before but decided to try the chopped salad and slaw. They had a delicious crunch with light housemade vinaigrette dressings, and the portions were generous. They also have breakfast which I'm exited to try. It's nice to have a fresh and healthy alternative to corporate chains.
5	Fresh breakfast and lunch sandwiches, croissants, cinnamon buns, steele cut oatmeal, salads, custom blended coffee and fresh pressed veggie and fruit juices! After four visits food is consistently high quality (plus being delicious), service is excellent and it has friendly, relaxing atmosphere. Love the "Fly me to the Moon" with turkey, white cheddar, scrambled egg on a fresh Brioche bun. Yum! Everything is made locally and so fresh!
5	I'm a member of the Junior League of Phoenix, and Marcus (the owner) very kindly hosted a meeting for us at Graz earlier this week where he shared some of his experiences opening his own business. He also shared some food samples, and I was impressed enough to bring my husband back today to meet for a lunch date.I had the Green Goddess grilled cheese (with house-made walnut pesto) and my husband had the B.L. Cheese. They were both delicious, with fresh high-quality ingredients, and not greasy at all. We also shared a side of the kale slaw and both left full (I even took half my sandwich home!) I asked Marcus to tell my husband about their special Saturday cinnamon bun (made using croissant dough) and he happened to have one for us to try. It was every bit as wonderful as his description made it sound.We will be back for sure. This is such a cool locally-owned business that I hope people are able to discover!
5	Love this place!! Everything is so fresh and has amazing flavor! The Italian and Flying Pig sandwiches are so good! The grilled tomatoes really make the sandwich! For breakfast there are several sandwich and oatmeal (steel cut) options and if you really want a treat get a fresh made bun or cinnamon roll. I have had both the sweet and savory buns and both are fantastic. The sides are the usual chips and sides salads with one exception...THE KALE SLAW! It is the best! If you don't think you are a "kale person" this is your step to liking it. Not your typical slaw...no mayo but instead a sweet honey vinegarette so you can eat the whole thing without the guilt! Skip the large "chain" sandwich shops and support this local one...well worth it!!
4	Food was fresh, staff friendly and attentive. My friends & I shared a fresh baked  goodie for dessert after my awesome grilled mozzarella, pesto, turkey sandwich  - yummmmm Glad I purchased their Groupon - they've only been open a month. I hope they make it cause it's small local business and a nice change to the typical stuff on the corner. Definitely will be back.
4	I saw Graz across my Yelp feed a few times with great reviews then found a Groupon. It's tucked in a little strip right by GameStop, (kinda hard to see from the road). The owner Marcus and employee Anthony were really nice. I enjoyed our conversation while they were putting together our order; which consisted of the Italian, the BL cheese, a salad and a children's chicken quesadilla. Everything was super fresh and tasted good, but nothing that made us say "WOW!" Also without the Groupon, it would've been a bit pricy for what we got. Still...I'd come back again...mostly because I prefer supporting friendly local businesses such as this place.
5	The service at Graz is amazing!  We were greeted immediately when we walked in and the menu was explained to us right away.  Everything was clean and well taken care of.  The food was so fresh and delicious, we will be back!
5	An amazing place for breakfast and lunch.  They use all natural products.  I loved the Cibatta bread!.  The owner and staff are so kind.  They have fresh juices too.  I will be back!  So much better than Subway or Paradise.
4	Just checked this place out with the family.   Located in the old Quiznos place on McQueen and Pecos. This is definitely a better option than Quiznos. We were greeted and we were walked through the menu. Friendly staff that checked on you after you receive your food. Family of four and we fit perfect around the table. Small location but I think it's perfect. We are enjoying the local businesses popping up. We got the flying pig and the earl formerly the bird (no tomato). The only reason we gave 4 stars due to no option for for fresh brewed tea other than bottled and no option for those that do not want bread for sandwich other than salads. They do offer breakfast and would stop in if they offered hot tea or cappuccinos. Overall, it's a great option to the usual chain lunch spot.
2	It seems they have pretty steady local business and for that, I'm happy.  I do wish the restaurant success as the staff was very nice but my meal was very underwhelming and nothing I would even consider trying again.  For $9 I had a sandwich which left me hungry as it was awfully small.  The sandwich was pressed on the grill and still came out cold and flavorless.  For $25 for lunch for two, it should at least leave me full.  Good for them on the profit margin though.  Selling two slices of thin bread, 3 oz of roast beef, and a tomato for $9 is a lucrative racket.
5	My new favorite breakfast and lunch spot!  The food is freshly made when you order, with high quality fresh ingredients! what a concept!  I have been to this family owned(and run) sandwich shop several times since it's opening and have never been disappointed.  My husband stops by on his way home from work at least once per week to grab us a hot, delicious, nutritious breakfast.  I had never tried steel cut oatmeal before, and I must say I am now a believer!!  My favorite lunch sammie is the BL cheese, to die for!!  The kale slaw is a must, who knew eating healthy could taste so yummy!!  The sweets are amazing as well.  Hope the community continues to support this local family business for years to come!
5	If you are craving a crispy, buttery, delicious, elevated grilled cheese- this is where to go!The owner, or whoever it was that helped us was so so nice and friendly! The inside was very clean, and really nice. Here is what we ordered: The B.L. Grilled Cheese - 8.50Vermont white cheddar, tomatoes, mixed greens & bacon on Sour Dough.The Flying Pig - 8.50Turkey breast, bacon, roasted tomatoes, lettuce, herb spread & havarti cheese on country white.The BL was so ridiculously delicious- wow it was a serious work of art. I have never seen a grilled sandwich like it- i ran my fork across the top and it was completely crisp and buttery- everything worked so well and bacon on it- yes please! Wow, seriously heaven. I wanted ten more lol.My husband is a little more traditional and can't resist turkey, bacon, or havarti so obviously the Flying Pig sandwich was perfect. I had a bite and it was delcious but a standard sandwich to me- my husband though was in heaven over it haha.He added the drink/chips combo. I added a drink and grabbed some pesto pasta salad from their cold case. The pasta salad had good flavor, but not sure when it was made as the noodles were pretty tough. As we were leaving my husband grabbed a rice pudding to go- the flavor was so good but the rice was completely undercooked, making it pretty inedible. Sadly we didn't try it until we got home otherwise I am sure they would have refunded our money. Overall, we left very satisfied, not super filling, but super super delicious. Will definitely go back!
