1	I am a registered nurse and a freelance writer who went to see Dr. Lin with my fiance in December of 2013. We waited at least 30 minutes in a crowded waiting room. Obviously, they pack in the patients like sardines,. That should have been our first clue about this organization. We filled out our medical forms and waited. When we saw Dr. Lin, we were rushed because she had a procedure pending, which of course was more money than a simple office visit. She talked to my fiance about his problems for a few minutes and did a needless biospsy, which later scarred him. When I wanted to ask her some questions, she left abruptly and we waited for fifteen minutes for her return. She never came back. Someone else handed us a useless prescription for a wrong diagnosis. I called the office the next day and asked if they charged my insurance and they said "yes." I was furious since Dr. Lin was abrupt and didn't examine me. I did get one question answered about a mole on one arm, but she didn't ever treat me as a patient, yet charged my insurance for her services. I tried to get in touch with the office manager which took ten days. She was rude and finally called me back, but didn't listen, only made snide remarks. I mentioned that I have been a nurse for over twenty years and that Dr. Lin definitely needed to improve her bedside manner and her educational skills. My fiance has two scars from the biopsy taken mouths ago. My insurance paid her money and billed me $30.00, which is a joke. I tried to reason with an unfriendly and rude office, but they didn't seem to care. She never once called to talk about the problem. Too busy I guess to care about her patients. No surprise. I was upfront with the office manager after our conversation and told her I am going to write about my experience. I don't recommend this dermatologist to anyone. The experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Having been a consumer of health care in New York, New Jersey, Washington, DC, Boston, Atlanta, and the State of Israel, I can honestly state that my experience at Affiliated Dermatology was the most unprofessional in my life. So far.I called to confirm my 11 AM appointment at 10 AM and was told I was all set. I arrived for my appointment 5 minutes early and waited a total of 65 minutes--at noon--before being escorted back to an examining room where I was told the doctor would be "right in." Fifteen minutes later I looked outside and was asked by a staffer if I was looking for someone. I asked if my doctor was coming as I was told she would be right in, and I had already waited more than an hour. She was polite and stated she would check for me. She returned momentarily and told me the doctor would be right in and apologized but they had been backed up with surgeries from early in the morning. I told her that she might considering sharing this information with the rest of the staff so that when considerate patients call to check on their appointments they can be informed of delays. I added that if they are overbooked, they should say so and reschedule. Another five minutes later and a different staff member came in and suggested we go to the desk to reschedule. I laughed and said that if I am rescheduling, it will be with another practice. And that's what I did. I will let you all know if they are any better.
