5	So I've discovered why (maybe) this place isn't that popular.. It's only been around for five months..! Hopefully people will start coming more often though because their food was excellent. My sister and I both had the eggs florentine with a side of potatoes, and it was one of the yummiest eggs I've had since moving to Montreal. Not on an English muffin, but on toast, yet still remarkably satisfying and filling you to the point where you're not going to burst..! Good portions, relatively good prices, and great service! Definitely coming here again..! Highly recommended.
3	Came here while on vacation, it happened to be restaurant week. Easily made a reservation via email, and was really excited to come. We arrived around 6, a little earlier than our reservation and the place was EMPTY. We wanted to leave but there was no going back as we were ushered to our seats. We were nervous to say the least. Why was it empty?!Cool atmosphere. The waitress initially seemed like a stuck up snob, but by the end of the night (2 hours) she was actually pretty awesome. Fast, nice, eventually willing to communicate in English with us (I know, it's your country and you speak French there. Awesome, but help a girl out. My French only goes so far). It's hard to talk about the food. We've never had this type of cuisine before, and I think we just didn't appreciate it. It wasn't great and I left hungry and disappointed. Again, I think it's because I've never had bone marrow, fore gras....If this was a type of food I liked, maybe I'd have been more impressed. The drinks were tasty and awesome. I liked the Kungfu Girl Reisling, but was rather bummed that I learned how cheap it is outside in the real world- I definitely got ripped off at La Societe. The dessert was AMAZING.
4	I only came here for the drinks, so that's all I'll be reviewing.We wanted to get some wine in a lounge type atmosphere and since it was pouring, we stopped in our hotel's bar, La Societe. It has a very 20s style vibe inside.We sat at the bar and ordered champagne (Moet Chandon) to start. Adorned with a small strawberry, the champagne was quite tasty. Next, I chose the Rosemopolitan, which is a cosmo with rosewater. YUM! I love anything rose flavored so this was such a delight. It had a nice rose scent and didn't taste very cosmo-ey. My friend had a midori sour, but the bartender never made one before so it didn't come out as expected. But the drink was still a good one, whatever it was :)We also enjoyed the barbeque potato chips (house made) that were gratis at the bar. A little salty for my taste, but a nice departure from nuts. All told we spent a pretty penny on the drinks. But the cosmo was well worth it.
3	Pretty solid food, I had the Tuna Tartare and the French Onion Soup. The French Onion soup was thick, and the cheese was good quality. Has a very nice rich taste, very heavy. The Tuna Tartare was interesting in that you crack a raw quail egg into the tuna, and mix it around. The bread could have been better, and I thought the tuna tartare was a little bit too mild and mashed, good quality but didn't have much flavor. I would only eat here again if I was too tired to venture out of the hotel..
3	I dragged my entire shopping entourage with me to this place because I passed by so many times and was always curious about its interiors. So we finally made it in and while I liked the space/decor, it pretty much stopped there. The service is friendly but they appear out ofbplave, slow, confused. The place was practically empty at lunch, but we hardly got any attention. Lunch that was served was just OK. I had the club sandwich and others ordered the burger. The fries that came with our meals were quite greasy and unappealing. So much promise for this  place but I fear without an inventive/creative menu and some strong management discliple, this place may not last long.
5	Excellent restaurant. Les serveurs sont aimables, serviables et avenant.  On s est trompe ds une commande d apero, le nom en europe et canada n etant pas la meme chose, on nous l a change sans qu on le demande. Le plateau de fruit de mer est un peu juste mais tout esr prepare super. Excellent. Meme si je descends ds ce restaurant sans me poser de question
5	Very impressed. We loved the bacon-wrapped scallops, rack of lamb, lobster ravioli, and opera cake for dessert. Cocktails, whose names I cannot remember, were on the expensive side but really good too. Our server was excellent as well.
3	Great service, venue was nice. Food was great for a quick bite because we stayed there.  Remember this is Montreal so the competition is tough for ratings.
5	Had a great meal and service was next to none. Food was excellent on three occasions.
