3	Friend and I went here today  and I was very happy with my meal.  The service was nice, although they counter guys didn't know the contents of each sandwich well, he was more than willing to ask questions of the guy making the sandwiches.  They gave us a free sample of a yummy desert.  It was a big sandwich for a little bit of money. I'll be back.
5	I've been here a couple of times and the food is delicious and inexpensive! The Smoked Turkey and Ham and Cheese Sandwiches are great! The wraps are good too, the sandwiches and wraps are big so it's worth the money! The staff is very nice as well! I will always be a returning customer as long as they keep up the great service and food!
4	I ordered a sandwich for the first time today. Really friendly, helpful service and possibly the best sandwich to ever enter my mouth. I ordered the California Club and it was HUGE. I wolfed down every last delicious bite. Delivery was quick and free.  Anthony, who told me he was the owner, was very enthusiastic and a great character. What a special addition to the area, where I have a hard time finding food I want to eat and that isn't greasy. They have breakfast items here, as well. I look forward to this becoming my regular go to!
4	Best sandwiches downtown, by far. Free delivery too! The Roast Beef is fantastic.
4	Very friendly family business.  Also, VERY accommodating with the vegan options.  I had a vegan club with veganaise and loaded with vegetables...SO good!  Love how they are supporting the downtown area too.  Looking forward to going back!
5	I stopped by Simpo Sandwich because I heard they had not only vegetarian but vegan options and used products like vegannaise. I had the vegan club and my husband had the vegetarian club and we both LOVED the sandwiches. They were loaded with yummy vegetables and you can't beat veganaisse! I really liked that there was no extra charge for using a vegan product, because some places will charge extra for vegan substitutes. The staff were so incredibly friendly too. The owner actually helped me and he was so sweet. It is so great to have another veg-friendly establishment in this city. I will definitely be going back! Thanks, Simpo Sandwich!
5	The best sandwiches in Downtown Las Vegas, and they deliver! I can't wait to try their breakfast options.I was so happy to see this place open so close to my office. There are not a lot of options Downtown for people who want a quick, cheap, non-greasy lunch.Simpo has large portions and all the ingredients seemed really fresh. I had the cobb salad and my friend had a roasted turkey wrap (the wrap was HUGE like a Chipotle burrito).I can see from reviews that they have vegan options, they should include that on their menu, I think it would bring in even more customers.My only complaint: they said delivery would take 15 minutes, it took 45. But I'm sure they can fix that with time.*UPDATE* So, I've tried their breakfast options, and they're great. I've had a few big group meetings here and everyone was really satisfied with the food and the service. We also had them cater a meeting at work to feed about 40 people, and everyone really loved it. Can't recommend Simpo enough.
1	Came here for my 45 min lunch break and was already irritated that I couldnt find the place! Came in there were a bunch of people at the counter but nobody really paid attention to me.When someone finally helped the guy that was helping me was clueless of just about everything took forever just to take my order when I asked for only one thing? ... Anyway waited about 20 mins for my sandwich someone approached me after about 15 mins and went to go ask the sandwich maker about my sandwich and he was clueless about it.. uhh really? The sandwich was not bad but the service was terrible..
4	I absolutely love this place! I am downtown quite often and I stumbled upon this joint via the Yelp app (of course) while antique shopping one afternoon. The Vegas club is my all time favorite but the level of deliciousness I've come to find out depends on who's preparing your sandwich that day.  I fell in love with Simpo Sandwich my first visit but the honeymoon seemed to be over on my second visit.My first experience with the Vegas Club at Simpo Sandwich: The love affair began when my eyes met the description of the club on their menu.  Since I'm not a bacon fan (save the booing for another time), I subbed it for avocado.. brilliant, right?!  There she was.. stacked high with lettuce, tomatoes, turkey, and avocado on marble rye bread..Mmm...I was full after tackling only half of the sandwich but proceeded to eat the other half anyway. The days following my first Simpo Sandwich experience left my mouth watering so not a week went by before I took advantage of another trip to the sandwich eatery.Visit number two did not hold up to my original expectations; being the creature of habit that I am, I ordered the Vegas Club again but it wasn't so delicious...They added cheese and were very stingy on the avocado.It's OK though fellow Yelpers, I assure you I will be attending this eatery again and again, because even at their "worst" Simpo Sandwich is still one of the best bargain sandwich eateries in all of Downtown!
2	The sandwich is pretty good except for the service . Its a little slow considering they have a lot of help behind the counter. Half of them don't even know what they are doing. Need more training for their help.
5	I purchased the groupon deal for $5. I walked in and was greeted by a gentleman, He told me to take a seat and handed me a menu. I ordered a Vegan club sandwich. It came out 10 minutes later and the sandwich was huge!!! I had to take half of it home. But lets just say the sandwich was amazing! The simpo sauce is delicious. Did someone say subway? I don't think so, go to Simpo Sandwich, its worth every penny! They have excellent customer service and the location is convenient. Believe me, you will not be disappointed!!
5	Little gem for the downtown lunch crowd!  I was a devoted Resnicks fan, but they've been  replaced as my fave salad/wrap/sandwich place.  This place is amazeballs!  Salads are HUGE and made fresh.  Sure you have to wait a while for your salad to be made but that's because they make it fresh...cutting the turkey, chicken, etc...as they go. My coworkers have enjoyed the roast beef sandwich (extra horseradish please), turkey sandwich, turkey wrap and the california club and ALL have raved about how delicious and filling they are!  The owner is a sweetheart and is very thankful for your business.  It feels great to support local businesses so do your neighbors a favor and come to SIMPO...PRONTO!!  P.S. they deliver!!   And if your hands are full, they have someone on hand to walk you out and assist you.  This place is LEGIT.
5	Loved it here, the food was fantastic. Also the staff was very friendly. I'll definitely be going back!
4	Sandwiches are very good and delicious! The size is pretty good! The $5 deal for $10 was so worth it. Even their normal prices are still cheaper than Verdicts Inn. Restaurant is pretty clean..
3	Frustrating and disappointed is how I feel not even 24 hours after visiting Simpo Sandwich for the first time. After reading all the Yelp reviews I was thinking this might be a great place to add to my lunch rotation. Little did I know it was going to be so frustrating. Once I found a place to park and walked in the first thing I noticed was one guy in the back working his rear end off to crank out sandwiches. He had people at the counter and at tables waiting on food, and he was talking out loud to himself wondering where his help was and praying the phone didn't ring with more orders until he could catch up. And so I cooled my heels and waited....and waited....and thought about Global Warming and Peace in the Middle East and waited some more until finally a maybe 19 year old guy walked in and took my debit card to pay for my food. And then I waited some more and watched Fox News on their TV before the guy who had been hustling his rear end off finally got my sandwich to me. And after all that wait...it was...ho-hum. I ordered a Tuscan Italiano. The Ciabatta bread was good, and yes they use Boar's Head deli meats. But it was just blah. For an Italian sandwich with pesto aioli I expected a little bit more zing to the sauce and it just didn't deliver that. They carry Wise brand chips and they had several offerings to choose from which was nice. The cooler for drinks had Pepsi products and a few odds and ends, but it wasn't anything special. I wish the place had napkins out on the tables instead of clustered along the counter. Trash cans are at the back...they need one up front. But most important of all is Simpo needs it's employees to step up and be there on time. One guy busting his rear end in the back and let me tell you he was doing his damndest to get things done, it's just not cool. While I normally knock off a lot of stars when I have to cool my heels and the food ain't that great, I add stars when the employees bust their butts to crank out the food. And Simpo's got mad potential to put out great food at a great price. They're just a couple of caring employees away from greatness. I will give them another try...but the first impression was not the best.
3	So I have read the reviews.  The good and the bad.  I saw the good reviews outweighed the bad.  I saw they offer free lunch time delivery.  So I chose to give Simpo Sandwich a try today.  I ordered their pastrami reuben as did two of my co-workers.  One other ordered the Vegas Club hold the lettuce.  Placing the phone order was easy enough.  They answered almost right away and took my order.  They listened to my delivery instructions and quoted me a price.  They also told me it would take about 15 minutes.  This was at 11:10 AM.  About 45 minutes later my food arrived.  I was not overly shocked at the 45 minute wait.  I had read that their service can be slow.  It was.  But it was also lunch time.  So they are forgiven this offense.  On to the food.  A beautiful presentation.  A sandwich on marbled rye bread with a pickle spear and red and white check paper tray liner.  A classic deli presentation.  But the sandwich was painfully small.  Great flavor but small.  I appreciate the thick cut pastrami though I would appreciate more of it.  I am still kind of hungry.  I would almost prefer going to Jason's Deli and paying $1.50 more for a more filling sandwich.  At the same time I like to support the smaller places and let the chain restaurants have their corporate business model with little relationship with the customers who so generously support it.  So I am torn.  I think I would like to give Simpo another try.  Perhaps the Vegas Club.  It looked great.  Some of the other sandwichs on the menu sound good as well.  The vegtarian sandwiches have jicama.  That sounds interesting.  I do like jicama and it would provide a much desired crunch to a sandwich.  Based on the reuben though, I've had better.
1	Ridiculous! Sandwiches are lackluster, overpriced and taste like something purchased at a gas station.I ordered the hot Roast Beef sandwich ($6.29)What I received was a stale onion roll with what I have to call "roast beef" and wilted lettuce. No cheddar cheese, caramelized onions or avocado (which I paid extra for).If you live in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and go to Subway or Jimmy Johns!Simpo Sandwich is simply another example of an unskilled (and unqualified) businessman thinking they can get away with selling garbage. Unbelievable!Written by Sgro
2	I can only give it to stars .I was so disappointed we ordered sandwiches for delivery they were very nice and the delivery man was very friendly and they were fast. The bread was horrible .my last time ordering from there .
4	Talk about your average hole in the wall! This establishment is not only my favorite mom & pop's shop in downtown las Vegas but its filled with so much more. Simpo definitely delivers culture to downtown in more ways than one. Anyone who considers themselves a local has to know what Simpo is about. I will never go to port of subs again!!!
4	Various vegan sauces, & condiments for your sandwich.  No vegan 'meat' options, but you can get a delicious blend of all their veggies, making for a satisfying, fresh sandwich.  Very friendly staff, awesome owner.
5	I finally decided to go here after passing by a couple times . I walked to the door and it was closed so I started walking back to my car . Then a guy catches up to me and tells me to come in . To me , that shows great business ethic . I don't expect people to go out there way for me after closing . So he invites me in and he recommends the Tuscany . The guys name was Tony and he was real nice , and gave me his card so I can call to see if he is open next time . I just got home and ate half my sandwich and it's really good . The experience and the food deserve a high rating . I'm glad I went there , and it's great to see someone who is willing to go the extra mile just to get a customer.
5	This place is the best - fantastic / cheap sandwiches and friendly managers who really care about making sure your order is done right. A welcome addition to the downtown lunch rotation.
5	I eat here once a week or so. Free, fast delivery even on First Friday! I'm a big fan of the California Club. Super friendly service with a smile. My favorite lunch in the Arts District!
4	The sandwiches were good.
2	After my first experience at Simpo I waited 6 months to go back. I should have never entertained the thought. The service has improved quite a bit but the cooler for drinks was kind of low on certain choices, and the chip selection was a little less extensive than the first time. But that's where the good part of the review stops. I ended up ordering the Tuscan Italiano again....and I managed to eat about 1/4 of it before I ended up discreetly burying it under a half eaten bag of potato chips and a napkin and putting it in the trash. The meat was tough, and didn't agree with my stomach at all. While other Yelpers love this place, I left wishing I had time to stop by a local Walgreens for some Syrup of Ipecac so I could forcibly remove my lunch. I FLAT REFUSE TO EVER STEP FOOT IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN. To the credit of the employees I was asked how my lunch was...but I didn't have the heart to tell them just how bad it was. I had to quickly walk away. I feel bad...I know this is a small business that is trying hard. But I'm just not a fan of Simpo Sandwich. 2 Stars of sympathy is the best I can give, I hope others have a better experience. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #5)
5	This place is the best sandwich shop in the Arts District. Free local delivery and usually within 20 minutes even on First Friday. I wish they sold Mexican Cokes, but that's about the only criticism I can offer. This is a locally owned family business in a challenging neighborhood where the only other food options are either much pricier or must less healthy. If you want a good sandwich, this is the place. My faves are the Roast Beef and the California ClubFree WiFi too!
5	I love the turkey wrap (except I request onion bread) and the Tuna wrap. You cant go wrong with these. Also, my boyfriend always orders the Simpo Wrap. There is so much meat in the sandwichs that they put other sandwich shops to shame.
4	This place is great! Top notch family service with reasonable prices on fresh made food. And free delivery at lunch hour? Forget about it. The price you pay is wellllll worth it for the huge amount of food you get. Had the Simpo wrap on my first visit and was very pleasantly surprised. Not overloaded with lettuce or drenched with sauce like most cheap wraps. Great amount of flavorful meat and veggies.
5	This First Fridays there's a parking lot behind this sandwich shop and the charging for parking the owner came out and got me my money back for parking behind the store then I decided to spend that money in his sandwich shop I had one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time a must have for sandwich lovers I'll be going back to try his wraps .. thanks for helping me out in the parking area Tony
1	Without a working telephone number listed on either Yelp or the website I am unable to send 15-20 customers to this shop.  Which is quite a bummer from all the reviews I have been reading.  Please keep contact information up to date.
5	Best mom and pop shop in vegas
