2	During this, my first-time visit, I had the pleasure of observing three huge roaches on their backs  (2 of them wiggling) by the restroom door and magazines. The woman behind the counter sheepishly swept up 2 of them, leaving the motionless one under the magazine rack.  She emptied the dustpan into the trash right where the microwave, syrups, plastic ware, sink and other kitchen tools and items were located. Remember, they weren't even dead.  A guy who came in for the next shift found another bug I hadn't even seen, picking it up with his fingers to toss it out. At least he washed his hands afterward.Pre-roach review: Had I not witnessed the bug incident, I would have said this:  the place is small with tiny tables and a single area with upholstered chairs for  small gatherings.   It seems clean and has a pleasant internal decor of faux stone in various earth-toned colors.  There is a relatively large outdoor seating area with armed white chairs and round tables.  The frozen blended mocha I got was a bit watery and not as rich as I would have liked, but it was all right. The toasted bagel was piled high with a little too much cream cheese, but the bagel tasted fresh and I enjoyed it.  They have free WiFi but apparently have only ONE outlet inside, and the cover to it is misshapen, leaving only one socket available. (Their WiFi requires no passwords, so use at your own risk). Post-roach review:EEW!!
5	Was hunting around for a shopping center in Henderson when I stumbled upon this place by accident today. I asked about one of the drinks, and the two guys working there were happy to explain not only what was in it, but the name (a reference to a movie older than I am, apparently!) They were very friendly and brought my drink to me while I was sitting at one of the tables. Looks like a good hangout place. There's plenty of parking and it's in a pretty scenic area (at least, it's not flat like most of Las Vegas.) I'd go back!
3	This is our week day hang out. Coffee is good and I know most of the people who hang out there. Only down fall is that the owner forgets to pay the power bill occasionally and I have witnessed at least three power turn offs.
4	Small and cozy but nice.  :)  I think they need a few more seats as someone had to come and borrow a chair from us - but other than that, the coffee was great and met some nice peeps there traveling around the world on various adventures.
4	Yum! I am in a strict decaf only mode till my little one was born and they were super nice about it! I asked and he was like sure! No problem. I like the powder they use, its not overly sweet. The It's a Grind that became a Madhouse is closer but there chocolate powder is super over powering. This is way out of the way for me but I still plan to come back!
2	The only reason why i give this place a 2 star is because of their iced chai latte I had a few weeks ago. The barista was using Da Vinci Chai Syrup in my chai latte! Isn't this a coffee & tea shop?! You should either be steeping your own chai tea then add milk & sugar + ice OR use a higher quality chai concentrate like the Tazo products. As a business owner, Da Vinci syrups are one of the cheapest products you can buy compared to Torani or Ghirardelli products. Hmm using low quality products and yet charging high prices.... Meh! I've definitely experienced better!
