5	holy moly.  we decided to join crce so we could swim in the winter and a few other things we can't do at our regular gym.  first of all, we forgot that times have changed so were totally shocked when we walked in the door.  this place looks like a health club in any major metropolitan city.  not the same scene we had on the same campus when we were students last in the early 90's.  the awesome indoor pool with giant waterslide, huge spa, and multiple seating areas with yet more spa-like bubbles was fun to see.  there are more cardio machines than you can imagine at least 4 gym areas for basketball, indoor soccer, irish dancing groups ( we observed this evening), a handfull of racketball courts, an elevated track, weights, and couches with wide screen TV's.  There are tons of windows everywhere so while you are working out you can stare off into the beautiful horizon...ok, maybe i'm going a little too far here.  but you can at least look outside.  it was a tad crowded at 10pm when we got there but we found out that if we work out early we'll likely have the place to ourselves...duh.
5	CRCE,You were such a huge part of my college life, and only now I realize how much I took you for granted. Is it wrong of me to say how much I miss you, considering that when I had you, I just used you?I was there when WIMPE closed, and you opened up, shiny, and brand new. You were the most modern thing I'd ever seen on campus. Large...airy...imposing.I planned events for my RSOs here. We needed sporty fun, and you delivered, with your large multipurpose gyms.I wanted a structured way to lose weight, and you gave me not just an entire floor of fitness equipment, and fitness classes, you let me into your incredibly fun pool, and let me swish down your slides in joy. Oh happy days....And as if that wasn't enough love from any one gym, one of your racquetball courts converted into a squash court. I spent many sweaty early am hours here, challenging my opponents with my ability to hit a small rubber ball. A rubber ball that has left many marks on you, my love, and yet, you, always patient, endlessly forgiving, never complained. And at the end of the day, when I'd worked up myself into exhaustion and warm glows, you welcomed me graciously into your spacious changing rooms and the miles of lockers and showers within. I'd groom myself into presentableness, and leave, without a second look at you.If only I knew then what I know now, dear Circe. That the city had nothing like you. That the city's clubs were old and worn, and nowhere as beautiful as you. Perhaps then, my darling, I would've been more appreciative of you. Maybe I would've realized how much I loved you. Alas, now, it is too late. I move to New York soon, and our little post graduate meetings must come to an end. It is time for us both to move on...and I see, darling, perhaps with even a little jealousy, that you already have.This, then, is goodbye, beloved Circe, until we meet again.All my love.
4	I love CRCE and you cant' tell me any different.  It's small enough and close enough to classes that I had no more excuses once snow started falling.  Rented lockers are cheap enough ($25 a semester), or you can just use a day locker if you'd like.  I love that I can come in, get my 20 minute run on, do weights for 20 minutes, and be back out, showered, and dressed in an hour.  Delightful.The track is bizarrely shaped and a bit odd, but the treadmills have the added effect of playing a plethora of morning shows--since I started working out there, I watched Obama pick his cabinet, Blagojevich self-destruct, some of the G20, and all of the inanity that is nearly any episode of the View.  (Yeah, I know--but I'm a captive audience!)The pool is nice, the locker room clean, and the place a great spot.  If you time it just right, you can then head to Bevier Cafe for lunch after--WIN-WIN.
5	Nice place for exercise. Good location, Buses 12, 13 reach here. Not as big as ARC but good enough for most exercise
