3	Same as any other Einstein Bros, it gets crowded some times with students. In general an ok place to grab some breakfast or a quick lunch. The bad part... no WIFI.
5	Einstein Bros at Rural and University has been so generous with the nonprofit organization I work. They've donated snacks for our volunteers for years, and each time they are so easy to work with and provide more than enough to keep our volunteers happy. When I stop in as a customer, the staff is consistently friendly and the food is consistently fresh and good. Mmm, I'm going to have to go get a pumpkin bagel with pumpkin schmear now...
4	If you're looking for quick and cheap breakfast, this is your place. Tons of bagel options with an ever expanding menu and some really good breakfast sandwiches. You can be in and out within five minutes with a fresh orange juice and a toasted bagel. I've been coming here for quite a few years now and don't see that changing.
3	I usually enjoyed their bagels and now they even have wifi, but the btl avocado thin bagel...LAME, you seriously don't have wheat thin bagels?
4	Friendly staff and good service. May have been the dudes first day- he wasn't very quick, but still got the job done.
4	Einstein's is very dependable in that their food is always good, fresh, and well, delicious. The only problem I ever have w/ this location is the crowd (when schools in).
4	I love FRESH bagels and Einstein has a great selection! This is my go-to place if I'm in a rush and just need a bagel and coffee to-GO. They also have bagel sandwiches and even pre-packed salads. My favorite is their Honey Wheat Thin bagel and the Cranberry Bagel. Service is fast. You place your order at the first counter and pay at the second counter.
4	While staying in Tempe I'll periodically drop by here for a bite to eat.  The place is always clean. The staff is here is always enthusiastic, friendly and just makes you feel like a welcomed friend.  Food and drinks are great and it's always refreshing top stop here.
4	Woke up with a hankering for coffee and a bagel. Decided I'd try out this place because it had some good reviews. I was a little worried once I walked in and found a crowd, but the people working there are Pros and I was out of there in five minutes. The bagels were very good and I'm in love with their Christmas blend coffee. Much better than Starbucks
4	One if my fav breakfast place;) the service is good, love the selection of coffee;) must have the bagel melt, u will live it!!!!
5	I love bagels and I love their fresh dliscious bagels. I have never had a six cheese bagel like the one from here. Always my stop for breakfast in the morning on my way to work. Love it!
4	Locations everywhere.  This location happens to have a very efficient and friendly staff.  They have made improvements in having enough staff to handles big lines in the morning.  Bagels are fresh.  Nice combination of service and food.
3	Was craving a lox bagel and this cured the craving. Everything bagel with plain cream cheese with lox, it was good. Not great or anything. Just good. Service was fast and friendly.
4	I went here on the way to the airport for Thanksgiving.  The guy in front of me was having a conversation with the cashier ringing up the orders (very inconvenient), so I voiced my concern and demanded their sense of urgency.  Had they not responded to it, I would've given them 2 or 3 stars.  The fact that they went right ahead and helped their customers is pretty awesome.  It's hard to ditch a regular who is trying to schmooze with the employees, and they are very friendly people who work at Einstein.I get the Nova Lox Everything bagel--it's lox, cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, capers (you can easily take them off haha) on an everything bagel.  Yum.  It's too bad it's like SEVEN BUCKS!  But, it's worth it!
2	What is the most you would pay for a bagel? There has to be a glass ceiling for this item. I thought this piece of dough that costs about 20 cents per bagel to produce could not possibly soar over the dollar mark. Well, at Einsteins it is now $1.15 for a regular bagel and then they have prices for specialty bagels ($1.25 ...and how the hell did a sesame bagel become specialty?). Then, there is a third category of bagels for cinnamon and green chile and wackier stuff that are about $1.50 a shot. They also each have their own price with cream cheese or butter. This is freakin absurd... what is going on with corporations and bagels in general these days?. Oh and the bagels are just pretty average to boot. These greedy bastards should be ashamed of how they treat the poor bagel, which used to be a poor man's food back in the first great depression.
3	The turkey sausage and egg sandwich I had was pretty bland. It's a chain though so you kind of expect it. The eggs looked like rubber. I wouldn't try to go here, but the staff is nice so if you have to no big deal.
3	As an on-the-way hangover breakfast spot, it does the job. But if you are searching for a quality breakfast place, I would suggest exploring other options. The service was friendly. When I got my bagel the cheese wasn't melted, and on a toasted bagel sandwich that is a must, is it not? I asked them to melt the cheese and they were happy to complete my request. The egg was questionable, but otherwise I was satisfied.
4	I like their bagel sandwich, both tasty and healthy!I tried the NEW honey smoked salmon, much better than Nova Lox I think
3	The food Is good here ! However I am not a big fan of their drinks here, Dutch bros or Starbucks is better. Another negative about this place is that they close at 3, which in my opinion is stupid! I have seen at least 3 people come to this place after three and it's been closed.
1	Went here yesterday and was extremely disappointed. Both of the bagels that were ordered were burnt to a crisp (see posted photo). We got the bagels to go, so we didn't notice until we got home.. Really disappointed
2	This is probably the WORST einsteins ive ever been to and it sucks to write this because I am a huge fan of them. But the one on campus always gets my order wrong, the bagels are not fluffy and theyre tasteless and the staff are slow. Not going back to that one ever again
1	Horrible. Ordered a pizza bagel (which they charge over $5 for) had about 1/2 teaspoon of sauce and a few shreds of cheese (see photo). Laughable. I won't be back here.
4	I am happy that the Einstein Bros. Found fit to have pumpernickel bageks and fresh squeezed orange juice on the menu. Really. That is what I want and they deliever. Regularly. In many towns. Simple. Easy. I like it. Thanks
