5	I really enjoyed the MUAs at this location.  Me and 4 of my homegirls had our makeups done on both a friday and saturday night.  I am really particular on how my makeup turns out, and the MUA (Manda) did a terrific job on both nights.  All my homegirls are very particular about how they want their makeup also and they all loved how it turned out.  We came a little late the first day but they got to us as soon as possible.  We came a little early the next day and they accomodated us right away.  It does get fairly busy because other girls want to get MAC'd out for the night so I recommend you get an early appointment like around 6pm.  Last call for an appointment is at 7:30.  There is a minimum purchase of $50 but it is worth it becuase the MAC PRO in Caesars Palace charges a sitting fee of $80 which is NOT redeemable towards product.  All in all, MAC made these Bay Area Hunnies look even more hott.  Thanks MAC =)
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could.  I was here for 2 hours, and not one person said hi to me or acknowledged that I was even there.  I was going to buy something, but if I have to flag someone down and be treated poorly then forget it.  I will spend my money at another mac store.I was excited to come to this Mac store in particular because it is a pro store, which has more colors, body paint, mixing mediums than any other mac store.  But I will just wait till I get back to San Francisco to buy my stuff.  Don't think I will be buying anything from this location even if I come back to Vegas.
5	I got my make up done at the MAC counter in Macys.  I had it done by Valin, sorry if I mispelled your name.  She was very communicative and very good.  I am very meticulous when it comes to my face and she was very good about it!  She said it would be flawless and it was!!!  Thanks again!!!
4	I went to get a eye demonstration for my wedding on New Years Eve.. They were booked solid so I was told to try to come in when they opened and I would have a shot of getting a demo. So I arrived at 10am promptly.  There were at least 6-8 artists walking around doing nothing.  So finally this guy asked me if I needed help. So I explained that I wanted a demo because I was getting married  and I need a pink and putter mix. He said I will be right back. Then he came back and said we are not taking walk ins today I just spoke to my manager.  So I said let me speak to her. Meanwhile the artists are still walking around doing nothing and telling customers on the phone that they can come and wait but they are booked. So a young lady her name was Scarlett.  She was like I just heard what happened and I can take you we don't have our first appointments until 11:00. She said it's ridiculous that he didn't help you. So she gave me the most beautiful eyes and gave me tips on contouring for my complexion. She was so pleasant and positive.  No one wants added stress on their wedding day!So if your in Nordstrom' s at the Fashion Square don't go to the gay tall guy with black hair he is a racist or something because he was giving a young white lady a "lip demo" when I was leaving. That is nothing that I would say it it weren't apparent.When in Vegas again I will be sure to call ahead and book with Scarlett again her fingers are magical. The make up lasted all night long. I got married around 2:30am. I looked like I just got out of the chair. This is after partying and drinking all day.
5	Went to the MAC counter at Nordstrom and Kevin was Ahhhh-Mazing! He helped me match my foundation, taught me how to properly apply bronzer and educated me about my eye-brows. I spent a good 30 mins with him giggling, very up beat energy and very thorough when speaking about the various products. I would send anyone to see him for makeup assistance.
