5	EXCELLENT Customer Service, unbeatable rates and courteous helpful staff!Deb (Park Manager), Vicky, Marie, Dave, Gerald always make us feel like we've known them for years and make sure our stay here is the absolute best experience we have while staying in Vegas.24 hour security cameras, with security staff who actually walk the property every night. This park has a fence surrounding the entire property to keep the drug addicts and prostitutes from wandering in off the highway.A locked gate (guests are provided a key) allows access to a HUGE beautiful recreational park adjoining the property. Great for walking dogs.This is absolutely the BEST pet-friendly, family friendly RV Park we have stayed at and we are full time RV Enthusiasts having stayed in RV Parks all across the country!We shopped around the various "RV Parks" along Boulder Hwy and soon discovered that if you don't want to be parked next door to drug addicts or prostitutes living out of their 1979 "recreational vehicle" (if you could even call them that after 25 years) you can save yourself a lot of time and headaches by just driving straight here!These guys run a nice, extremely clean,  classy operation here. The park manager makes it a point to walk the park DAILY to ensure the entire park and sites are maintaining a high standard of cleanliness and that the guests are satisfied with their experience while staying here. They have so many regulars who keep returning year-after-year.The common areas are cleaned daily and even the streets are swept with a street cleaner!This is now our first and only place we stay when we bring our RV to Vegas!
4	This place is a great place to escape from reality for a few days. The RV campground is very large and has a number of amenities, which makes your stay pleasant. It has a close proximity to the Strip.Unfortunately, the spaces are tight in between units and it is located next to an Interstate. Even with this, we slept soundly in the RV campground. The security at the front gate was a positive even though the RV was in a good neighborhood.The pool, laundry facilities, bathroom were all well maintained and clean.Would I recommend this park? Absolutely. Would we come back? Absolutely. FOUR stars
1	When the manager on duty is looking to find a reason to deny service you know there is going to be conflict. Don't like being compelled to leave a photocopy of state issued ID upon registration. We leave enough personal information with payment by a valid credit card, and the recording your vehicle license plates or tags. Look elsewhere for your stay. Yes, a business does have a right to refuse service to anyone however; that doesn't negate my right to call the management out for its decisions. Even large companies like Home Depot and Target have had issues securing customer data, I'm surely not going to put my faith in this business who stores the copy of my drivers license with home address, and credit card information in an open area where it could easily be lifted by identity thieves.
