5	things that stand out about this place- eco friendly ( compostable cups straws etc.)- vegan friendly, vegetarian sandwiches - "real" organic and fair trade coffee - local art and local baked goodsummm, there's probably more i'm missing here but overall this place is great, the coffee speaks for itself so check it out
5	The owners are both extremely friendly and helpful.  As a customer, I am extremely picky about my coffee & they are very nice & do not complain about my requests.  They also made my drink once & remembered it.  Now, I go in & just tell them if I want my drink made hot or cold.  They have a very loyal customer :)
5	After reading all the positive reviews, I HAD to stop in when I was in Vegas, since vegan options and good coffee are rare there.The vegan bagels and hemp butter are as good as previous reviews stated and the coffee is excellent.   All coffees served are fair trade, organic and shade grown.  Try getting that anywhere else in town!My wife Shawn and I visited twice in 2 days and the second day I was able to talk to the owner, Josh.  He's a great guy and extremely passionate and knowledgeable about coffee and running a sustainable business.  He also said that they are planning on adding an oven and will expand the vegan selections when they do.I hope the people of Las Vegas will support Sunrise Coffee.  I know it took nerve and guts to start this business in a fairly hostile environment and it deserves to succeed.
5	Really, the best coffee ever. The atmosphere is very, very pleasant, the owner is--as has been already stated by others--friendly.
5	I absolutely LOVE this coffee shop. The owners take pride in ensuring a quality cup of joe! All organic... This is my favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas. I will no longer find myself at another Starbucks when visiting Vegas ever again. Kudos!
5	I was excited to try this place after finding out that they were all organic and veggie and vegan friendly.  They definitely lived up to my expectations.  The sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced and they have a wide variety of coffee drinks which are vegan-compatible.  Will definitely be coming here frequently.
4	Cool little shop offering fair trade, organic coffee and tasty veg-snacks.  Had the black bean burger and an iced black tea...good stuff.  g/f got a iced, blended, mocha/minty, soy-milk something coffee drink and a tofurkey sammich..again, good stuff.  meant to try a bagel w/ hemp butter...guess i will have to go back.  ;-)  The cups were all compost-friendly (corn based material) and the prices reasonable. Nice atmosphere, friendly people, good service.  all-in-all, good stuff and definitely recommended.
5	Have you ever tried their black eye coffee??  Now this will wake you up!!! lol... It's pretty much a reg cup of coffee plus 2 shots of espresso... Not recommended for those who react badly to caffeine, but for those of you like me that falls asleep from a reg latte or coffee and need something stronger... this will definitely keep you going!
5	Any place that serves only Fair Trade coffee and tea would get 4 stars from me, but there are many other things that make Sunrise Coffee Co standout:1) Amazing customer service. I felt like a regular after my second time. I was recognized and asked if I wanted what I had last time.2) The veg friendly selection is incredible. While, I've only stopped for breakfast, its nice to know that there is a great place to get Vegan food in an area of town where there are not many options. 3) The prices are lower or equal to other coffee shops that don't serve Fair Trade and Organic coffee and tea. 4) The environment is low key, friendly and local. Please support this great local establishment!
4	Had a nice experience visiting here - used to go here when it was Mojo's and Sunrise has definitely cleaned and classed the space up.  Service is so friendly, and being new to the menu I was given an explanation of the tea selection.  I enjoyed passion berry tea but look forward to returning for the peach unsweetened tea and that veggie breakfast burrito...mmm!
5	I live right on Pecos and Sunset so it's hardly a mile from my house. Never had time or the motivation to go in, until I read all the great reviews. Being a college student that just came back from Cali for Winter Break it's a little pricey, but once in a while it's a great treat. The environment is relaxing. The music was unique and a bookshelf with a variety of random books, ranging from textbooks (I think) to video game strategy-guide books. It's really very quiet besides the occasional customer that comes in to talk. The owners/baristas are very friendly and knowledgeable. He remembered I came in a couple days earlier and I had lost my card that day, so he gave me two stamps. I got a soy-chai latte with a shot of espresso (Dirty Chai). It was spicy and flavorful. At first thought they might have added too much...but after the initial taste, it was amazing. I took my vegan friends and one got some kind of burrito, they called it the alien burrito, that looked delicious. Coffee kin rejoice. A quaint, stylish coffee shop that in the future I would love to bring friends to. Good job and thanks for the extra stamp!
5	I love this cafe! It's SO nice to see an organic/fair trade coffee shop in Las Vegas. The coffee and tea are both excellent. The staff/owners are super friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere is casual/simple, but nice. There's free WiFi too.
5	I needed a place near the airport to hangout and sort out some last-minute vacation details.  Sunrise did the trick, and then some.  This is a place I would spend a lot of time at if it were near my home in Oakland.  It has excellent coffee, great seating options, solid wifi, and friendly baristas.  Most patrons were either working on their laptops or playing board games (which the cafe has a stock of to lend out).
5	Sunrise is my favorite local coffee hang. The coffee is first-rate (far superior to corporate Starbucks). The staff welcomes you with a friendly smile, and the environment is comfortable. Plan on hanging out for a while.
5	Being from the Pacific Northwest (travel here each week on business), I am a little particular about just where I get my coffee.  For me, Sunrise Coffee was a great find.  It's close to my client and on my way to work from the hotel.  I've found their service to be friendly and the coffee is locally roasted, fair trade organic.  Also a big plus.  They have many vegetarian options on their menu (not so sure about vegan as I'm not a vegan).  Great value and a great place.  I will continue to make them my coffee stope as long as I am traveling to Vegas every week.The interior is fun and eclectic and the local artwork is a lot of fun to browse while waiting.  I believe that they have free WiFi but since it's a morning stop en-route to work for me, I will likely never use it.
5	Was at the Enterprise rental place next door and since it was early, I decided to stop in for a coffee.  Great Cafe Mocha, one of the best I've ever had.Quite frankly, I don't care about the fair trade, all vegan stuff but I do like the expansive and varied collection of books they keep around.The only real gripe I have is that they only have two people working during peak time handling both the inside service and the drive through so it takes a while to get your order taken and then to get your  order made.  Not a bad thing when you plan to hang out there, but it is annoying when you're on your way somewhere.Edit: They've upped their staffing so long wait times are no longer an issue.
4	The decor is cozy. They have personalized the environment , you almost feel like its someones den you're having coffee in. The coffee is great, very different from any commercialized joint. As everyone else already commented on the fair trade coffee & organic menu there's no need for me to expound on it.  The service is friendly, I don't really have anything bad to say about this place. They even have a little "community" bulletin  board. The only reason I don't give it five stars is because its still nothing like the coffee shops I'm use to in NY, when you walk in you feel like you're visiting family.  But nothing's ever the same as home.
5	Without a doubt, the best cup of coffee I have had in a long time.  I wouldn't think there would be such a craft to brewing a cup of coffee, but this place does an amazing job.  Could organic coffee really make that big of a difference?  The staff was very friendly and helpful and the place has free Wi-Fi.  The owners of this place went a little further than most places in building an atmosphere using contrasting paint colors and art from local artists.  This is definitely one of my new favorite places to spend a Sunday morning.
5	Without a doubt, the best coffee shop in town.  Would be amongst the best even if it were in Seattle or Portland.  Has the same kind of relaxed feel you would expect in one of those cities as well, with very friendly staff and even a small library of books on hand to read. The coffee is always of the highest quality, probably because the co-owner is a bit o.c.d. about the quality of his drinks.  They have great vegetarian and vegan food, and are one of the only coffee shops that knows how to make a soy latte without scalding the soy milk.  Organic, fair trade, and high quality, for the same price you would pay at the other place.
5	Went back today for the first time since moving across town...got a soy latte and pastry. As usual, the staff was incredible. The soy latte cannot be beat...as Jason S. mentioned, they are one of the only places in town that can do a soy latte correctly.I did notice a sign that their muffins are all $1 and cookies are $1.50 after 4pm - though you have to pay in cash.  This makes me want to go back at 4pm just to get the leftovers...they are amazing! Today I saw, a true sign of a real coffee shop...two groups of people engaged in conversations about current issues...
5	Awesome coffee! I was a little skeptical about all the reviews this place received and I have to agree. The cream on the latte is to die for. It is actually creamy instead of foam that you would usually get at Starbucks..
4	Boy is this place ever a freaking cliche. The girls with sleeve tats, the barista with the sternum piercing. The dude outside with crazy dreadlocks. The insane obsession with everything being "organic'. Yes this is your generic run of the mill "non-generic" coffee shop. It's clean. It has all the drinks you come to expect from a coffee shop. Price was what I expected. Taste was what I expected. I can't say I can find anything special about this place, but for a good solid coffee shop in Vegas I can't think of another place I'd recommend more.
4	Northern Californians like myself have a tendency to take things for granted.  In the desert, you have to learn to make do without a few things.  For one: moisture (not counting in your armpits).  Another: good coffee.  No, no, no - GREAT coffee.Well, that's not entirely true.  In Las Vegas, there are lakes, Italian villas, pyramids, all kinds of things that aren't supposed to be there.  Sunrise Coffee fits right into that category.  From its hand-lettered signs and its pretty cappuccino designs to it's quirky local art for sale and hand-doodled paper cups on display, Sunrise is a needle Starbucks-soaked haystack of corporatism.  It is sure to be appreciated by the more-than-average coffee lover, tattoos and all.  Free wifi, discount pastries in the afternoon, a variety of seating options make self-proclaimed snobs like me feel right at home.Since all I had was a what I refer to as a "frosty-blendy drink" (of which there are many on the menu) and BF had a cappuccino, I can't give out the five star just yet.  Everything was great, but a standard cuppa drip taste test is in order.  Oh well, just another reason to go back to Vegas.
4	Still love it.  I am writing to you from Sunrise using free Wifi, enjoying peach unsweetened iced tea.  I just ate the alien landed in the middle east burrito for a late lunch...spinach tortilla with spinach, red bell pepper, tomato, avocado, cilantro, hummus, black beans, and couscous.  Needless to say, it was delicious and scrumptious and I ate every healthy ounce of it!  Now I must get back to studying!! :P
4	I have been here a few times, but this was the first time I used the drive through. I came again at the suggestion of Misti here on yelp!I got a medium fresh brewed tea. The tea was very good, had a clean taste which means it was pretty freshly brewed. The woman who helped me was very kind, asked me if I wanted sweeteners (nope I'm a straight up girl!) and even complimented my shirt.My only surprise was the medium was kind of small compared to other places, but now I know for next time to get a large:)A quick, good beverage from the perspective of this drive through customer!
4	Going from chain to chain of coffee joints became tiresome for me. Thus, I was looking for a more local place to head out to. Lo and behold, word of mouth led me to Sunrise Coffee.I can hardly call myself a coffee or tea connoisseur. I drink this stuff for the caffeine. Even if it tends to taste terrible (e.g. Starbucks coffee), I still down it like it I need it to live. If it happens to taste good, then props to the drink. My brain and taste buds both become happy. Upon walking in, I happened to notice signs indicating they sell products that are of free trade and organic.These aren't absolutely necessary qualities for me when looking for a beverage, but I appreciate that it's what I'm getting. It was a blistering hot day outside, so I went with a simple iced peach tea, unsweetened. It was very refreshing, with a light hint of that peach flavor. The medium size tends to run a bit small for my tastes. Luckily, their prices aren't too bad. Getting a large wouldn't hurt for the next time I drop by.  The coffee shop itself is a nice place to be in. It keeps itself subtle and music choices are very easy to listen to. I primarily went here to study, so the music is easy to tune out when my face is in my book. The couch they have there is incredibly comfortable. I could sit my buns on this thing for hours, essentially great for a study grind. There are plenty of outlets available, with free wifi as well. t's a pleasant place to be. I wouldn't drive long distances to get to this place, but if I'm in the area, I'd definitely drop by.
5	Delicious coffee, well roasted with plenty of comfy seating.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.  It's one of the few places in Vegas with organic and fair trade coffee.  Hell, it's one of the few places in Vegas that doesn't serve over-roasted or bland swill as coffee (lookin' at you Dunkin' and Starbucks).  I can't rave enough about this place.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas from Orange County, CA. Having lived there my whole life, I had grown accustomed to fine coffee mini-chains like Peet's Coffee & Tea, Deidrich Coffee, and more recently, Kean Coffee.The aforementioned establishments go out of their way to deliver a competitive product to consumers without insulting the tradition of coffee. Every other national chain I've ever been to utterly fails to do so.Thus, when I moved to Las Vegas and was deprived of the local coffee shops I had come to love, I quickly set about trying to find something to replace them. Las Vegas, having the reputation that it does for fine dining, would surely have dozens of high-end coffee shops that employed a skilled barista or two... or so I thought.I've lived here for about 6 months at the time of this writing, and Sunrise Coffee is the *only* place in this town where I can get decent coffee. On top of that, they use Klatch Coffee, roasted by a family from Southern California whose reputation I know well.Their staff is friendly, their baristas' skills are competition-grade, and they play excellent music. Free Wi-Fi and plenty of seating and power outlets make this place a great hang-out as well.If there's one thing I could suggest to the proud owner of Sunrise Coffee, it would be this:Please open a store in the northwest-ish part of town! Driving 25 miles for your coffee is worth it, but getting to be quite expensive!
4	I went here today and took advantage of their Yelp promotion! I also got a bagel and cream cheese, which was yummy and a good price at 2.00! I went before work and there were already a few people studying there and enjoying some food! I am a fan and will try to make it a point to stop by and support this independent coffee house, rather than the other shall not be named coffee house with green straws:)
4	Yay! I FINALLY made it here to have lunch! I am such a lazy slacker that the 5 mile drive from work has been holding me back.  But SO glad I finally went.Got the Yelp special mocha frappe (vegan, with soy).  Awesomeness points - they don't charge extra for soy (or rice) milk! (You can also get almond milk for a bit extra.)Ordered the tofurkey sandwich (veganized - tofurkey, vegan cheez, tomato, spinach, red bell pepper, hummus on whole grain bread) and my friend got the An Alien Left a Burrito in the Middle East (hehehe), veganized - spinach tortilla w/ beans, vegan cheese, hummus, couscous, and veggies.  I had a bite and it was nummers! I'm gonna get that next time for sure. They also have a black bean sandwich (not veganizable) and breakfast items (can't wait to try the breakfast burrito!).  Reasonably priced coffee drinks, lots of teas (including a very tasty local organic "Summer Orchard").Very friendly staff, and we got our food and drinks really quickly.  Was surprised at how inexpensive it was, bonus! Looks like it would be a fun place to hang out with a few friends on one of the sofas (they had several board games). The only disappointment was the vegan brownie; not bad -- just tasted too "healthy."  Guessing it was sweetened with dates? Which is cool if you're looking for natural sugar, but I like my vegan desserts to taste like junk food. :)Will be coming here on the regular from now on!
5	this place has a great vibe, local art and yummy drinks and sandwiches! i love it!  way better than starbucks!!  they have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating too which makes it great for meetings...just wish it was closer to my home!!
4	I am rarely on the SE side of Las Vegas, thus rarely gets to visit or review any businesses in the area.  But Aug 17, 2010 was one of those rare days when I get to explore the SE side of Las Vegas.  After ramen at Yokohama Kaigenro, then a brief stop at Seafood City, we eventually ended up here at Sunrise Coffee. From the outside it didn't look very impressive. However, that changed immediately after opening the door and stepping into this coffee house with a warm and inviting aura.The lady behind the counter was patient and cheerful in helping answer questions for us first timers.  I ended up ordering their Superfruit Antiox ($4.45), and it was simply tasty and very refreshing. It definitely hit the spot on another 100+F day in Vegas. If you Yelp or check out Yelp reviews, you will undoubtedly also see their promotion for a free traditional cappuccino (2 oz. espresso, 2 oz. milk, 2 oz. foam, but their version is larger and served in an 8 oz cup), as long as you show them your UNLV student ID. This promotion is for Aug 2010, and I am sure they will have something else for each month of the year.  If you are into latte art, they do that too, even on the free cup of cappuccino.The decoration is cheerful, and some of the walls are adorned with art works from local artists, just like at many coffee houses across the country.  They also have a bookshelf full of books (ranging from techie books, aka A+ Study Guide, to various genres of novels), perfect for relaxing with some light reading material while enjoying a cup of joe or other tasty beverages.They also serve sweets, like danishes and cookies, which are $1 after 4pm (if I remember it correctly). But usually by that time of day, their selections are rather scarce (because their is only 1 cookie and 1 danish left when we arrived).While I was here with another Yelper, there was a decent group of ladies of varying ages + 1 man, who was part of a knitting club.  It was cool to see that groups like that have a nice neighborhood hangout to meet at and enjoy their activities, and shooting the breeze.I give this cool coffee house a 4 stars for the friendly service, cool inviting ambiance, tasty beverages.  I too wish they can xerox themself to another location in the SW, so I don't have to make quite the  pilgrimage to enjoy the atmosphere and refreshing beverage.
4	They have free wi-fi.Really nice service.A large organic coffee selection.The ambiance is nice and quiet. If you are looking for spot to read a book and have some good coffee this place is perfect. The furniture is soft, creative, and modern.I came here with my friend, he discovered it as we tend to meet upat coffee shops around UNLV and have gotten tired of starbucks, rejavanate and coffee bean and wanted to venture to a new place. This is not too far from UNLV, sort of a bit passed the airport. But it is worth the 5 min drive if you are looking for a change of scene and need coffee!
5	Love this place. Hands down, it's one of the best coffee shops in Vegas. The soy latte is very very good.  "summer specialties" are great, try the "iced vanilla fog latte". The place has free wi fi and has a cool vibe during weekends. I often go on sundays just to unwind while reading a good magazine/book.edit: after more than 4 years and lots of coffee, I still think Sunrise Coffee is the best coffee shop in all of east LV. I also buy whole bean bags from the in-house roaster "The Mothership". The expresso blend is quite good and a great option for getting the freshest roasted coffee in the city (besides Colorado River Coffee Roasters, located in Boulder City, which takes 2-3 days to deliver by mail).
5	Finally, a place that I can sit down, relax at (with wifi) and coffee and commiserate on my life. It reminded me so much of Austin/Seattle.These guys had a five star review the moment I walked in! Local artist's canvases hanging all over, beautiful interior (I think it was an old Starbucks) and a bookshelf full of everything. After 5  years, I picked up a Terry Pratchett and started leafing through it. The laid back vibe and the friendly surroundings make it so unique in a city like Las Vegas.  The decor is modern and every couch/table set was different...I spotted a couple of Ikea pieces (I'm an Ikea junkie like that) and there were some accent chairs...everything looked so cosy and comfortable and most importantly LOCALLY UNIQUE.I ordered a small hazelnut latte...yummilicious...I didn't have to add anything to it...the waitress hand-delivered it to me. To eat, I ordered a breakfast croissant sandwich sans egg. It came with spinach leaves, avocado, cream cheese, slice of what seemed like provolone and tomatoes. Just the right, clean food for a good start to the day. It was delicious (never thought that such simple food would give me so much joy). The coffee and tea menu here is extensive and everything seems so well-thought of. They have a few burritos/sandwiches (all of which could be customized). I think I may hang here everyday. The staff was hilarious...they whipped up my drink and food, served it to me at my table and they were so sweet. While I was eating, I heard their conversation behind the counter. Man, were they HILARIOUS....I can't really repeat what they were talking about due to the whole PC thing but let's say they had some very interesting and funny things to say. I loved these guys. Apparently, they have a drive through to...but I'm gonna stick with coming in since I love this place so much. Honestly, they could have served me a dog biscuit and I would have still been in love with the place just because it's such a local gem. I wish they were open late...imagine having poetry nights, guitar players, wannabe Justin Biebers all getting their act on here.Great coffee + Good Clean Food + The most laid back, relaxing backdrop makes this such a precious find in Las Vegas.
4	I agree with most of the other reviewers when they say Vegas lacks great coffee spots.  Sure, there are a lot of Starbucks, but I mean a place that has coffee that doesn't taste like water.  This lack of coffee houses is especially true near where I live in east Vegas.  There are a couple, but none that really have the feel I want.  But alas!  I have found a place.  The coffee was very good, the cappuccinos are great, they offer the option of a french press, and even their iced coffee was great!  The coffee was from Klatch Coffee, a small family roaster in Southern California, and you could tell they took the extra effort to find a great roaster.  I don't know if this happened to anyone else, but after endless terrible cappuccinos I thought that maybe I'd never find a great cappuccino in Las Vegas.  But when I got my first sip of the cappuccino at Sunrise Coffee, it was more than just a sip, it was a renewed faith in Las Vegas coffee.  The coffee was flavorful, yet smooth, and when combined with perfect froth it created a great cappuccino.  I will be coming back often!
5	Great in so many ways!  Coffee is fabulous; organic, veggie, and healthy food options; owners that are friendly, helpful and care about their customers!   Thanks!
4	Duh, everyone loves this place.Free wifi.Near my house.Can bring the pooch and sit outside.Excellent selection of really good teas, for us non-coffee drinkers.Decent pastries.Practically everything is organic and free-trade.Friendly service.I'm kinda stingy with the 5 stars, though, and I'm not too crazy about the outside of the building. I know it's picky, but I wish it was just a tiny bit more secluded from huge, rushing Sunset Blvd (can you plant a bunch of trees or something??)
5	The friggin best of Vegas' redeeming qualities! This coffee and tea house Rocks. Great selection of organic food, coffee, teas and music! The owners are personally involved and the staff makes you feel like family!
5	Good organic, fair trade coffee (and other equally ethical beverage items), friendly service, and one of the only true "coffee shop" atmospheres that I know of in Vegas.  Independently owned with full bookshelves (dominated by sci-fi, but other genres, too), and comfy nooks to settle into.  They also feature art from local artists on the wall, woo-hoo!  They serve a few sandwich/wrap type lunch items and have a small breakfast menu if you want a meal.  I think the only thing that would make them better is if they offered locally made pasteries...
4	The baristas at Sunrise Coffee are friendly and professional.  They know how to make coffee beverages like cappuccino and espresso taste the way they're supposed to. I like to meet friends here, and I sometimes come just to study or bang out a term paper on my laptop.  It is an inviting, comfortable place to hang out either way.  If I get hungry, they have a better than average selection of sandwiches, wraps, and pastries to hold me over.
5	The best coffee shop in Las Vegas. It's hard to notice because it looks so plain from the outside, I've driven by the place hundreds of times without noticing. So far, this is the only place in town can pull a decent espresso. They also brew Klatch coffee which is great. If you have the time, order the french press coffee, it is miles better than brewed.
5	5 indoor tables, more outside.4 solid menu boards3 comfy couches (1 not as comfy as the others)2 super friendly baristas (that I've met)1 killer masala chaiEven though its a 15 min drive, it's worth it.  We don't have nearly enough independent coffee shops in Vegas.  Friendly unpretentious spot with delicious coffee and tea.  All the basics, plus quite a few specials and seasonal recipes.  Owner always seems to be on-site and has hired very chill, personable staff that don't look at you crazy if you ask questions.Great background music, which isn't too loud if you're trying to get some work done.  Art on the walls, table by restroom supporting local events and businesses.  Even an antique-looking gong by the door if you need some om in your day.Best thing about this place.  It isn't trying too hard.  Its Vegas.  You can't really pull off a 30-year old Bay or Seattle coffee shop feel here.  They seem to recognize that.  It's simple, comfy and seems to recognize what it is, and what it isnt.Yaaay Sunrise.  10 points!
5	This morning I had coffee from the mega chain right by my house for the first time in months and months--my coffee tastes like pencil shavings and now i remember why i stopped going there.  I've been really spoiled since finding this place. It's hard to find a coffee shop in las vegas with as much consistency as sunrise.  I've been in many many times and the coffee and teas are always excellent. All of the coffee and tea, and most of the other products are organic and very vegan friendly.  This is a great place to meet up with people, catch up on some reading, study, work, whatever. I really really love sunrise coffee. try the matcha, or a vanilla soy latte.
4	The atmosphere is relaxed,  The coffee is Great,  the best foam on a latte' in town.
4	So, even though I've sworn off caffeine for the foreseeable future, I get talked into visiting a local coffee place by my girlfriend and my housemate. The girlfriend just wants to go because she's seized by a sudden need for a pastry, and my housemate wants to go because he is harboring entrepreneurial aspirations and wants to scout out the local market.So, okay, I go. Never mind that this is like asking a newly-recovering alcoholic to take a tour of a winery. I go.Sunrise Coffee Company sits just west of Pecos on Sunset Road and looks like your run-of-the-grinder Starbucks knock-off, except that their selection of snacks is even more limited. (So the Princess had to settle for a muffin!) But there's a BIG DIFFERENCE: they really know how to serve a beverage. They focus on quality ingredients to make drinks that would put the average green-aproned barista to shame.Because I'm on the caffeine wagon, I order a peppermint tea, which irks me, because I just can't see paying a coffee price for something that's essentially made by dunking a bag of leaves into a cup of hot water. So, while the Princess raves about her mocha and my housemate raves about his latte, I get stuck with aromatic broth.Then I take a sip....Wow. The tea is pungent with mint and yet somehow manages to avoid the bitterness that often is the aftertaste of such herbal strength.Which is to say I'm happy that I went to Sunrise Coffee Company and I hope they have continued success in their uphill battle against both the economy and Big Green. I plan to keep coming back.
4	I've only been here once, but that was enough to leave a really nice impression. All the employees were nice. They had yummy food, and delish coffee. Really cozy chairs. The prices were normal for fancy coffee.
2	Like other reviewers said, the shop looks nice, chairs are comfy, staff are nice.  But but but, when there was a vase falling on my head from behind, after smelly vase water splashed on me... purse, coat, skirt, papers I was reading, there was nobody offered to give me a towel or napkin, nor asking me if I got wet, although the chair I was sitting was all about flooded....  When I asked their address for my friend come to pick me up, they then gave me a card for a free drink, but alas, I am not coming back.
4	I really liked this coffee shop. I ended up coming here and doing work for almost 5 hours. There are comfy couches and a few tables. The decor seems like this place is an upscale place trying to be cozy rather than trying to be upscale. I had a large soy latte and it was very large and only $4. After a few hours of work, I got the Tofurky sandwich made vegan. It was good, I love that they have vegan options. The sandwich was $7, which I think is a bit steep but it hit the spot. I would definitely come back here for the coffee, which is awesome.
5	It's my first time in this place.I'm coffee lover, so I got their latte. It was sooooooo good and plenty for enjoy for a while. They did really good job. I thouht their using really good and fresh coffee bean. I had to ask what kind a coffe bean they use but I forgot. Maybe next time I can get the answer.Also, they have different kind of tea so maybe I'll try some other time.
4	Sunrise Coffee is perfect for those wanting an alternative to the chain coffee shops who sell overpriced, sometimes questionable in quality drinks. At Sunrise Coffee, they make delicious, organic drinks that are very reasonable in price. What I especially like about this coffee shop is the care and love they take in making each drink. The little details, like the latte art on each cappuccino, are much appreciated. They also have special deals, usually in the form of free drinks, found on their Yelp page. After looking over the drink menu board, I settled on a large Iced Peach Tea. The worker suggested adding a pump of peach syrup to give my tea a stronger peach flavor and a little sweetness, to which I obliged. Thank goodness I took her advice because my tea was delicious. Refreshing, slightly sweet and peachy without being too peachy. It was perfect. This coffee shop gets another star for free wifi, friendly service and knowledgeable staff. They also have puzzles and books available for customers to pass the time with while sipping on their drinks.  I definitely want to go back and try their other drinks and maybe even some of their vegan fare. In conclusion, instead of another green mermaid, we need more cafes like Sunrise Coffee around Vegas.
4	Sunrise Coffee is a really cute coffee shop. I really like the atmosphere. Though it's somewhat small, there are a lot of places to sit. There's a bookshelf with many books to peruse and they even have puzzles.I tried the Genmai Matcha tea. It was served in a large, wide mug and reminded me of a cross between Jasmine and green tea. My wife had the iced mocha. She said it was really good.Sunrise Coffee is on the other side of town from me, but if I'm ever in the area I'll definitely stop in.
5	First time here and writing this review chillin' inside Sunrise Coffee right now.  Couldn't wait to write a review because I just had the best effing egg croissant in my life right now!  At first I was like wow $5 fro a breakfast sandwich and the moment I took my first bite I was like oh sh*t, this egg sandwich is hella good.  The croissant was soft enough that it just melts in your mouth,  Egg was scrambled just right.  It came with avocados and tomato and something that I have never had or seen before in a sandwich. It wasn't lettuce but instead leaves.  Yes, like leaves on trees.  Anyone that has been here before know what these green leaves are?  Reason I'm asking is I'm going to attempt to see if i can make a sandwich similar to this at home.And oh, they serve coffee as well, haha.  Free WiFi too along with good music in the background because any place that plays nightmare on wax is a def' thumbs up in my book. They do spoken words (open mic poetry session) I believe every monday night from what I know of before, but I don't know if it still goes on as of now.Aight ya'll, back to studying.
4	I fulfilled my coffee needs at Sunrise this morning as I had been wanting to give it a try. So,  I enjoyed my coffee and there was a good vibe in the shop.  On the other hand, it is located in a obsure location on Sunset amongst few other businesses.  I am going to bucks less and less so I will be back.
4	In Vegas visiting for a few weeks and wanted to find a good cafe for my morning home base while I'm here.  Found Sunrise Coffee thru Yelp and been coming here almost every morning to get my Americano fix.  They make a great coffee, super friendly staff, great taste in music, decor, and comfortable seating.  Food is simple and oh, so good. It's my morning home away from home.  I also love that they have books, art and outside seating.  Never used it, but the drive thru is a bonus.So glad to find this place!
5	An awesome place to hang out, drink something delicious and grab a bite to eat. A very friendly atmosphere with comfortable seating. It's nice to sit and relax with a view of the park across the street.
4	AFTER OUR VISIT:Sunrise Coffee, I'm so sorry I doubted you. Let's make out. Sers. This place rules. Laid-back vibe, good feng shui, great GREAT menu outside of (and including) coffee, friendly girl-positive staff, wireless, clean, rad, good tunes, comfy seating. All-around cozy and good plus a special from checking in on Foursquare.BEFORE ENTERING:This place is a total fail!!! Reminds you of Austin / Seattle??? Where the heck are you from, Bellevue? This place is a bogus wannabe coffeehouse in a stripmall. You can still see the remnants for the Starbucks-esque corporate sign outside where they haven't bothered to remove it properly! Ugh.
5	I was looking for a place to access the internet and get some coffee while I was in the area (someplace that was NOT Starbucks), and I found it with Sunrise Coffee.  The caramel latte was amazing, and the blueberry muffin was just perfect-- not too sweet like many other coffee shops' muffins.  The music is classy and hip, without being annoying (you all know what I'm talking about).  The internet is fast, the service is great, the coffee is divine.  Thanks, Sunrise!
5	Best latte in town. 'nuff said.
5	I really should be studying at this moment, but I can not help it. I just love it here so much I have to write a review!Yesterday night (a Friday night) was the first time I visited this coffee shop.  I would have never known it existed if it wasn't for the rave reviews on Yelp.  It also was one of the few coffee shops that stayed open until 8:00pm on a Friday night.  When I entered, it was so cute and had lots of seating.  I ordered a medium vanilla latte for here, and it came in a huge coffee mug that I loved.  It has to be one of the best lattes I've ever had.  There were not that many people and the music in the background is perfect.  No too soft, but not too obtrusive that it bother's you while you study.  There are a great deal of power outlets to plug in your electronics.  The service was so sweet and there seems to be a lot of regulars that come in.  It's so nice to finally find a non-chain coffee shop to chill as a regular.  It's a big study weekend, so I decided to come in this morning and have another latte (I'm scared I'm going to get addicted to its amazingness) and try a breakfast burrito.  I ordered a NomNom Burrito, and it was so nommy!  I'm not Vegan, but it is wonderful that you have the option of ordering your food Vegan if you'd like.  Great presentation and again the staff was sweet and so helpful!  I feel the prices are reasonable compared to other establishments too.  I also love that there is self serve water with orange slices in it.  Cute touch!  It's so nice to just sit in a cute comfy chair sipping a huge mug of coffee. I think this place is going to be like my second home.  I wish I had just found it sooner!  Thank you for all the previous great reviews!
5	I love Sunrise Coffee. I moved to Vegas from San Francisco and was so disappointed that there was nowhere to go for coffee besides Starbucks and Coffee Bean.. and It's a Grind, but I can't do their prices or location.Sunrise is the bomb. I've had black coffee, lattes, and smoothies. All were awesome. I highly recommend the Caramel Latte.Their customer service is also fantastic. One time they took a little long to make my drink and they gave me a coupon for a free drink the next time I came. And it was ANY drink free, not just a small coffee or something. Super clean facility and friendly staff, not snobby or stuck up at all. There are always tons of people reading, chillin' on their laptops, and knitting. I love this place and would recommend it to anyone. Sunrise is by far my favorite coffee shop in Vegas!
5	Delicious and fresh. You feel healthier when you leave! All organic and vegetarian. Recommended.
5	I am seriously going to need to enter a 12 step program, because I am addicted to Sunrise coffee! I've had several of their lattes and they are always perfect. Rich and robust, never burnt, never over sweetened, just spot on delicious coffee perfection! The husband has been trending on the Cafe Americano lately and claims it, too, is perfect. Inside you'll find a sunny, casual atmosphere...cool art on the walls, LOTS of books to read, comfy seats and free WIFI. Yea! They also have a drive-thru which I only discovered today. Happy, happy!I hear tell their food is as good as their coffee. We haven't tried it yet, but I shall make it my mission to do so and will update my review. (anything to get more of that coffee!)
4	This place is definitely the type of coffee shop that I prefer.I'm kind of a tea snob, and it's the first thing I like to look at when going to new coffee/tea places. I was happy to see that they served loose leaf tea. I like to 'test' places when they serve loose leaf tea, by ordering one of their selections of green tea or white tea. They have my favorite tea, Genmaicha [green tea with toasted rice], so I ordered that. When I received it, I was happy to find that they had not burnt it or over steeped it. Yay. The only thing that bothered me was their black tea. It simply states 'black tea.' That's definitely one of my biggest pet peeves in any establishment. I want to know what type of tea I'm drinking, not simply if it's black,green, white, etc.I also ordered their breakfast burrito. They way they described it to me sounded super delicious. Eggs,beans,tomatoes,spinach,potatoes, and probably a couple other items that are escaping my mind right now. It was an alright burrito. It was pretty big which was nice. The thing I didn't like about it was that none of the ingredients were really incorporated with one another. As I said, the burrito was pretty big - so every time I went to take a bite of it it was either just all potato, or all spinach, or all beans. There was also very little egg in the burrito, which was disappointing because when I think of breakfast burritos, I picture the main thing in it as egg.I haven't tried any of their coffee drinks, but my friend did and loved their latte with french vanilla and hazelnut in it. I probably wouldn't make the 20 minute drive to that side of town just to go to this place. But, it's definitely somewhere I'll return to when I am in the area. Service was great, and the shop is cute, just a little too far for me [especially with gas prices now. =p]
4	Visit date 3/22/11Now this is what a coffee shop is supposed to be! Amazing hand pulled espresso with a crema so perfect you didn't need any sugar. Awesome drip coffee too, although once I tasted the espresso, I had extreme order envy. Oh well, when I return to Lost Wages I will definitely hit this place up again for an espresso. The only thing missing was a selection of breakfast pastries. If they'd been out I would've gotten one as I was starved.
4	I am both a coffee snob and a coffee-addict. The thing is, I will drink coffee anywhere, anytime, with any people, for any reason. Ya, I'll even go as low to drink Maxwell House if it's sitting in a cup in front of me. That's where my "addict" part comes to play. I am on the other hand a coffee snob. I distinctly know the difference between a decent, pure cup of coffee, and a bad cup of coffee. Good coffee has a robust taste, it is not exactly watery, nor is it creamy, it is a good in-between. Good coffee can be drunk without cream and sugar because the taste of the coffee is neither really bitter, biting, nor is it totally flat. The best coffee in my opinion comes fair-trade, organic, and brewed very well. Sunrise Coffee has this kind of coffee. I was somewhat skeptical as to whether or not it would please me, even with the multiple Yelp reviews that say it is fantastic. But I confess, it was held up to all expectations and then some. I only ran in to grab a cup of coffee to go (I suppose I could have gone through the drive-thru, but I wanted to see the inside), but it is some of the best coffee I have ever, ever had. I have only had better coffee at a few coffee shops in Portland, Oregon.I wish Sunrise was not so far away from me. I ran by there because I happened to be in the Henderson area. If it were closer to me I would absolutely be there many times a week. The inside is laid back with nice music, and a very inviting staff. And there is free WiFi! Woo hoo!The only reason it does not get 5 Stars is because of the poor location. Not just because it is far from me, but because of the strip-mall location. I wish the owners might consider purchasing a building that is not in a strip-mall because this coffee shop begs to have its own building, set apart from other places.
4	When I walked into this coffee shop, I told myself "damn, this is kind of what I want my future coffee shop to be like." The walls had, what i'm assuming local art, there were plenty of odd mismatched chairs and table, and there was also a huge bookshelf with hundreds of books for the customers to read. I ordered the Hazelnut Latte and the Alien Burrito.The Hazelnut Latte was fantastic, and one of the better lattes i've drank. The coffee and the hazelnut don't overpower each other. You don't taste the bitterness of the coffee and you don't taste too much of the hazelnut, just a hint of it. The Alien Burrito is a vegetarian option. It has cous cous, refried beans, hummus, tomato, red bell pepper, and lettuce in a spinach tortilla wrap. I used to think that being a vegetarian would be the worst thing ever because i'm always thinking, "what the hell do I eat?". But if there more vegetarian options like this, it wouldn't be too bad. Good brunch burrito. I felt clean after eating it.
5	This quaint little coffee shop offers everything that Las Vegas lacked for so long. Overran by Starbucks, there was a minute chance that an independent place could thrive. Unlike the other stores that have come and gone, Sunrise has everything it takes to withstand the pressure from the big corporations. The coffee is fair trade, the tea is loose leaf, the food is better than most restaurants, everything can be vegetarian or veganized, the atmosphere is relaxed, the staff are helpful, and they have live bands that play on occasions. With all of these ups, I cannot think of a negative comment. Upon checking in for checking in for the first time, you get an offer for a free iced coffee. I decided to save it for another day as an incentive and reminder to come back. I had ordered the Alien Burrito even though I abhor most of the ingredients with a passion. I know very few people who hate cream cheese, refried  beans, ranch, or mayo as much as I do and a combination of these items would usually have me gagging. When I had ordered, I asked for no cream cheese and ranch. The person taking my order asked if I would like to get the vegan version, subbing a vegan cream cheese and mayo instead. While hesitating and cringing, she assured me that it was a better alternative and fewer calories. Not wanting to be one of those people who refuses to give certain foods another try, I trusted her, and caved. Before she started making it, she gave me the option of having Sriracha sauce. If you love Vietnamese food, the spicy red sauce makes pho even better than it already is. As advertised, it makes everything better. I won't go overboard and say I will be layering all of my foods in mayo or cream cheese, but I won't be averse to getting this burrito again.
4	Yum tea.  Yum coffee.  Yum "alien burrito" wrap thingie.
4	This is my favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas.  The coffee is great.  I love getting the french press.  They have lots of vegan options like almond milk and toffuti on the bagels.  The service is always friendly.  The food takes a little while to come out, but I go there to relax and spend some time, so I don't mind.  There are a lot of organic choices as well.  Great place to enjoy a Saturday morning.
5	Nutella espresso? Are you kidding me? How awesome is that?!Inside has a cool artsy vibe. But they also have a drive thru for those of us on the go.  Most importantly, the coffee is just good.
5	I often go to Vegas for work trips and I am always dying for a latte when I get into town. Sunrise is pretty close to the airport, and I came here my last trip based on yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. In fact, I came here every morning during my business trip, even though it was not close to my hotel nor was it close to the places I had to go to for work.I checked in and got the free ice tea, but did not use it my initial visit. I ordered a vanilla latte. It was really good. The staff was really nice and helpful when coming back and picking an ice tea. When I came back later that first day, the cashier recommended the peach ice tea. i am still craving the ice tea and sadly I won't be back in the Vegas area anytime soon to get another.Definitely make the trip to Sunrise for any of their tasty treats.
5	I was introduced to Sunrise Coffee by a friend of mine. We'll just call him Shmorey Smurratt.  The most hipstering, skinny jean wearin, never heard of his music havin, indie book readin, fingerless glove using, riding a bike to school, taking close up pictures in weird angles, film school student being, messy hair and beard having, thrift store shoppin and super elitist i know.Well, he told me this place was good. I tried it. He was right.
5	Oh, where to begin?? Sunrise Coffee is the place I fantasize about being at when I'm not there. This is where the bf and I go on Sunday mornings to discuss any crazy dreams we may have had during the week or plan the decor of our future home together. For me, the ambiance of Sunrise inspires me to think about all of the possibilities life has to offer....and I always leave there thinking I need a bike. Now, maybe that place helps me tap into my inner hipster...I don't know, but I like it. The food, beverages and service aren't bad either(hehe). The people who work there are always so friendly. My Ben loves coffee - more than me and I'm okay with it as long as it's from Sunrise. His favorite drink there is an iced vanilla, hazelnut, soy latte. I enjoy my soy chai latte. Of course, they have vegan food options. Ben is a huge fan of the veganized Alien Burrito. The Nom Nom is quite delicious as well. If we make it there in the morning, I'll order their "everything" bagel with tofutti. If we're running a little late, their tofurky sandwich is usually my first choice. My experience is magical each and every time I visit. There's no better place in Southern Nevada to get your independent coffee house groove on than at Sunrise Coffee.
4	I came here for our Yelp Book Club gathering.  I got an unsweetened black iced tea that was very good.The place is quite nice with several large arm chairs, tables, and a good place for our small group to have our gathering.What other coffee shop gives you the chance to see Wayne Newton's plane parked in his back yard (well the tail fin and the top of the fuselage).  It reminds me of Jaws!
5	In asking my brother where I should go for a light lunch, he suggested Sunrise. Thank you David, and thank you Yelp.Coming from Seattle, I'd like to think I have some taste in coffee, yet my inability to handle coffee seems to contradict this. But iced nutella latte? I am in! Living the past year in Seattle, this place definitely makes me feel at home in a city that couldn't be any more different. Quaint, intimate, and welcoming - not to mention, the music selection! Indie music is always okay with me, especially when they play my favorites (they did).Meeting up with a friend, we both ordered the Alien Burrito. Hers was regularly prepared, I ordered mine Vegan with vegan cream cheese and mayo. A few minutes later, a spinach tortilla wrap with refried beans, copious amounts of spinach, red pepper, hummus, and vegan condiments came out. A few moments after that, it was half-devoured, and I was already stuffed. It was delicious! The fare was reminiscent of Seattle - good food, fresh ingredients with a conscious state of mind. My friend and I spent the next four hours just conversing, eating, and drinking. But what I enjoy the most is the friendliness of the staff. Never once did I feel uncomfortable or pressured to leave once I was done. They were polite in taking away our dishes, and left us to our own agendas. Quite frankly, the music had my won over from the first few minutes. With the food and staff in consideration, I may never leave.
4	After reading raving reviews about this coffee shop I decided to give it a try. First off I have to admit that I DON'T like coffee. With that being said I was taking a risk, and possibly opting for a smoothie or tea once I arrived. I went with my younger sister, and although she is only 10 years old, she loves coffee.As soon as I walked in I noticed all the tables and chairs were taken except for one. That meant it was a to-go order for me! Everyone was busy doing something, reminded me of an actual coffee shop, like the ones you see in movies. I really liked it. I felt like such a newbie! I ordered a Creme Brulee Latte and my sister order a Caramel Vanilla latte iced. We also ordered the Alien burrito. Out of my excitement to try this coffee I forgot to order it with soy milk instead of regular, being I am lactose intolerant. Luckily I had my pills with me!  Hurray! The food and coffee was ready in minutes. As soon as I took a sip of coffee I realized how much I now loved coffee... well, at least from Sunrise Coffee! My sister's latte was just as delicious! Ah I can't explain the amazing-ness. The burrito was where I was a bit stunned. I had read raving reviews, but when I tasted it... it felt like it was missing something. Like salt or meat? I am not a vegetarian or vegan therefore I usually like meat. It was still worth a try. As soon as I got home I added extra avocado, salt, more vegetables. I didn't like the fact I had to fix it up a bit myself, but the taste itself was much better afterwards. I love vegetables maybe I can ask for more if I ever decide to order it again, but I most likely won't. On the plus side, might I mention how healthy and guilt-free I felt afterwards?! I will definitely be back for the coffee and possibly try some newfood items on the menu.
5	A model coffee shop! All food is vegetarian and half is vegan and super delicious. They offer a few milk alternatives like almond. All of their to go cups and containers are either recyclable or compostable. Staff is super friendly and cool. There is a library of books as well as a couple games. If you sit outside, you can watch and listen to the planes landing at McCarran. If this place was closer to my apartment or work, I would be here every day.
5	My favorite coffee house in all of Las Vegas, and quite possibly, the world.Employees are sweet and friendly, and the coffees and tea are absolutely amazing.
5	They have HOMEMADE CHAI TEA... did you hear that? The homemade chai tea is not too spicy and not too sweet, and with soy milk, it was just right. Yum I also love the small mom and pop urban city feel. I feel like this place is somewhere I would go to in SF. The staff are friendly and if you wanted to play board games or pick up a new book to read, this is place is perfectly chill.
4	Great b-fast burritos and friendly staff. I mis-ordered my tea and they remade it for me without any attitude. A nice escape from all the corporate shops around town. Comfy couches and chairs and a mellow vibe.
3	Sorry ya'll, I'm not a fan of this place. A lot of the yelpers gave this place 4-5 stars. Unfortunately, my taste buds disagree. Maybe it's the organic health factor or the vegan aspect, but I'm just something I'm not use to.  I ordered a regular Iced Cafe Latte and the wife went with the Iced Mint Frappi. Both of them tasted a bit earthly and bitter. Other than that, the place is clean and the staff is friendly. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italia n Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
5	I just read Misti's review and noticed she got the Alien Burrito.  I didn't try that (I didn't even know they had burritos)  but I had an iced tea.I will make this review short and sweet.  It's nice to see coffee shops like this as opposed to the chains.  The staff is really nice, there are organic ingredients.  There is art on the walls.  The furniture is comfortable.  It's a very relaxing atmosphere.  I would definitely study here if I was a student again.  I have yet to eat here, but some of the menu items seem really good.
5	This place is AWESOME!  Aside from the fact that it's one of those rare-in-Vegas artsy-farsty bohemian hangout-type coffee shops, with bookshelves full o'crappy old paperbacks and lots of comfy seating...it also serves A*M*A*Z*I*N*G food! I had the "Aliens Kidnapped a Burrito From the Middle East" and it was nothing short of jaw-dropping! Crammed full of healthy shit like fresh spinach leaves, avocado, couscous and hummus...very hard to find quick, healthy eats like that, and it was only $5.99. I will DEFINITELY be spending more time here. It's become a destination thing for me -- if I ever happen to be in that part of town, I will make a point to go there. It was that good!! I can't say enough fabulous things about this place!!
4	I spent some time here one weekend and really enjoyed it. It is a great atmosphere for studying/creative pursuits. I ordered the Chili Burrito, and eventually the cheesecake and both were really good. I did not realize that the whole menu was vegetarian/vegan, but the chili burrito totally exceeded my expectations. I had a white chocolate mocha and a hot chocolate (I was there awhile). Both were very good. I give this location 4 stars because while it totally satisfied my desires for a unique coffee shop that reminded me of the northwest, the artwork was a bit risque. It was good, but I would not take children there. Otherwise, it was a fabulous atmosphere.
5	Best coffee shop in town!I was feeling a little sick and the barista (Sunny) recommended a special tea. Mmmm i felt better on the first sip.I also had the alien burrito, oh wow! Best thing on earth!  Couscous, Hummus, fresh avacado, peppers, cream cheese and a ton of spinach all wrapped in a tortilla. The portion size is huge, easily share with 2 people, I take my other half to go. The atmosphere is calm and comfortable. They have 2 giant book shelves with all different books to choose from. I cant wait to go back tomorrow!
2	Upon first entering the cafe, I was fairly impressed. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, and there is no shortage of seating. The baristas wear smiles and appear clean and professional. I was pleased to see assurances of organic products and fair-trade practices. I'd probably rate a three or four if I hadn't ordered a drink.I asked the barista a few questions (e.g. "What's the difference between the espresso and traditional menus?") but she had difficulty answering any of them. Moreover, she seemed to resent my curiosity. (My friend had a similar experience a few days earlier when he called to ask about brew methods.) Still, I ordered a mocha and paid a fair price.My drink came out after only a short time, but such timeliness hardly helped me appreciate the barista's handiwork. The mocha was overwhelmingly sweet (they use chocolate syrup, sauce, AND powder) and I've yet to detect the flavor of espresso.I've explored some of Seattle's and Southern California's best coffee shops, and Sunrise comes nowhere close to the worst of these. I'll choose Starbucks over Sunrise anyday.
3	Good, but not great. Ordered a French press for two on a late Friday morning. It wasn't crowded and the seating was good. Wifi was flowing very well for my VPN session back to the office and the service was friendly.  The roast was a Peruvian origin. They delivered two large cups from the press but not the press. Would've preferred to press myself. The coffee had weaker than expected body and was missing a finish. Low acidity.  On the other hand, the food looked very good and my boyfriend enjoyed his spinach breakfast wrap.
5	O' Sunrise Coffee! "It was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." I love thee, in my tummy! haha.This little piece of heaven is not only locally owned but its an all organic coffeehouse! That in and of itself is reason enough to check it out..but its soo much more! Various couches, chairs and tables are strewn about in the perfect manner. The walls are lined with amazing artwork from, what I assume, are local artists. The far left wall is filled with books, giving it that "Yeah, I'm cool but I'm smart too" vibe. If you prefer to enjoy your coffee/ lunch alfresco, I suggest hitting Sunset Park (which is 2 mins away) since the 'patio' is somewhat lacking. DRINKS: I gather that they have amazing espresso (nutella, really?), but I am more of a tea girl myself. The Chai is AMAZING! I do a half sweet, 1/2 pump SFV, soy Chai with light ice and never receive the "She thinks she's a diva" dirty looks from any of the wonderful staff members. (The Starbucks staff always roll their eyes when i order my drink, bastards) It always tastes of PERFECTION. FOOD: And if that wasn't enough they bring us THE ALIEN BURRITO! ALIEN BURRITO= Spinach wrap filled with lettuce, tomatoes, hummus, beans, avocado, couscous, cheese and sour cream. Sounds so simple but SO good.I'm going back for lunch today! Maybe I'll see you there ;)
4	I have been looking for a nice coffee shop in my neighborhood for long time. I decided to try this place a try since everyone on yelp gave this place very high value. It took me 20 minutes driving to visit this place and I wasn't disappointed at all.  I was very pleased to be welcomed by a friendly barista as soon as I walked in. This place was filled with very arty and  earthy atmosphere. I ordered a medium cup of cappuccino and croissant egg this morning. Cappuccino was just tasted perfect! Love its taste and "Latte Art". Croissant egg was served with provolone cheese, tomato, and lots spinach.  I was impressed with my yummy sandwich because I didn't expect any good food in a coffee shop. I am definitely coming back to this place and becoming a regular here.
5	Love their coffee..  The taste of it leaves me thinking about it on the days I don't get to that side of town.  Lucky for me I drive over there 5 days a week and can't help but stop.  Always friendly service, smiling and whats great about it is there isn't one on every corner.  So you get that true independent unique coffee shop experience.  They have a happy hour that you should ask about towards their closing time.  I highly recommend this place!
3	Good coffee and fabulous service. I like black, medium bodied coffee. That's why good coffee is important to me, because I don't put anything in it. I know the difference and this is good coffee. Not the best, but good. The thing that makes this a stand-out place for me is the service. The staff goes that extra mile. It's a fun, pleasant environment. Good place to start the day.
5	I guess since Yelp has deemed me a regular of this place, I should write a review.  The drinks have been consistently good here, at least the non-caffeinated variety.  The legendary hot chocolate (off-menu item) is, well, legendary.  It's basically a caramel hot chocolate, but it's pretty damn good.  The herbal teas here are excellent.  Great selection and their brewing techniques are meticulous.  They do sell the loose leaf tea for take home as well.   Unfortunately, I haven't been able to replicate the results at home but I'm also too cheap to get good water.  I tried a latte once as well, and it was pretty good.  Very smooth and not bitter.I did want to try the food before writing a review.  I got to try the elf bread with whipped honey at a Yelp event and that was very good.  It's supposed to give you all the nutritional requirements of a full meal.  Recently, I got a breakfast burrito to start my day.  Unfortunately, I got overwhelmed at work, couldn't eat it until 1 hour later, and can't really chew anyway right now (long story).  But the egg, beans, potato, and salsa I picked out with my fork was still pretty good, even cold.  There's a lot of fresh, but dry, spinach in the breakfast burrito, so you may want to pick something else if you don't like spinach.Although this coffee shop is not close or convenient for me, I enjoy stopping by whenever I have the time and like the consistency of their products.
5	This is one of my favorite cafes in Las Vegas! The staff is always so friendly and helpful, they play good music, and - most importantly - the food and drinks are just divine. I highly recommend the Alien Burrito. Another thing I appreciate is that they can make any of their menu items vegan upon request.
3	coffee is good. I miss Bentley's where  you don't feel like your spending a small fortune for a coffee. I had a sugar free vanilla latte that was good. bf had a nutella latte he said was good too. but for 2 med coffees we left there spending 10$ more expensive than Starbucks.
4	I love this place. My normal drink is a double shot Americano and it is always made perfectly here.  I get excited when there is a nice thin layer of caramel colored crema (foam) sitting on top of my coffee, ensuring me that its gonna be a great day. Their food items matches the quality of their coffee and teas. I've tried the vegan cupcakes, alien burrito, breakfast burrito and the breakfast croissant. All are fresh and tasty. This place has comfy seating and great light which is important if you are like me and like to spend the whole day at reading, socializing, surfing the net, and eavesdropping at the hipsters at the next table.
5	What can I say bad about this place? Fair trade organic coffees and teas, vegan and vegetarian eats and a chill relaxed environment makes for 5 stars! I read about this place on Yelp before I even realized it was there. I am all about organic-ness so I decided to give it a try. I had seen the Alien Burrito mentioned so I decided to give it a try. PHENOMENAL! Something about the crunchiness of the spinach with the creaminess of the hummus makes it all go together. I've had their caramel frappe twice and their Dark Caramel (caramel hot choc) once and both times they were on point. They are comparable to Starbucks in pricing but I don't care for Starbucks. I'd rather a local organic coffeehouse any day. They will make your drink sugar free and with any milk you desire, just ask. I will eventually try their other food as well and bring my laptop along so I can fit right in! Love you Sunrise!
4	they gave my dog a dog biscuit when we went through the drive up window. plus one star.
4	When in Vegas, I was hoping to find something decent, fearing having to resort to $bux. Based on other reviews, this was about the only place that seemed like they might have a decent brew available. Lo and behold, they did! I've had better, sure, but this is a MUCH better option than the corporate giants. As per my usual order, I just got a coffee with room and added my own cream. Considering I was actually able to pick out real flavors from the coffee, I'd call this a win. The only bad part was having to wait for them to actually brew it, but considering they offerred me a free drink card for waiting, all I got from that experience is that they actually care about making customers happy.The only reason this is a 4/5 review instead of a perfect score is that the coffee was good but not great; that's pretty much the whole reason. Anyway, next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely come back here for my brew.
5	Nutella Latte is awesome. The internet is fairly decent speed. Best Coffee shop in Vegas.
5	This is one of the first places in Vegas where i can call it a "hole in the wall" place that must be visited.  The whole atmosphere is welcoming with happy staffs, books, decor, and of course healthy and delicious assortment of food and drinks. every time i come here I usually get my drinks to stay and stay for at least an hour studying or chit chatting away. Their lattes and espressos are yummy. The only thing i dont like is that everywhere i go, when i ask for no sugar, they replace it with splenda without notifying me. Does everyone know how bad that stuff is?! Anyways, they have these amazing burritos that are mostly vegetarian/vegan and yummy desserts as well. You may come for just a cup of coffee, but once you try their food, you may crave for it every time. Its a MUST TRY. come. enjoy. relax.
5	A good alternative to Starbucks. Ok, so some are telling me this is a vegetarian and vegan hangout...and i am too fond of steak, seafood, chicken, etc...to even consider switching to a vegan menu. Who cares(!)...this place is primarily for coffee and tea drinkers. If that apeals to you...this local secret is now on the map, so do yourself a flavor and do check this one out soon.
4	Friendly staff and atmosphere and quick service. The ingredients in the breakfast burrito were nice and fresh. It was a bit bland, but staff happily provided hot sauce.Good coffee. Solid place, and happily away from the strip craziness.
5	I really really actually like this place. I m not even really the hippy vegan woop woop kinda guy but if the drinks are organic and healthier and tastes better then why not have it. I usually get the gourmet flavors, really bomb and with some almond milk, you ll be golden. All the coffees could be served a bit hotter or i hope they can figure some way to keep the drinks hott after serving it, other than that I m always happy at this spot. I like studying here and working on my architectural drafting. Employees are cool and kind, not all up in your face and quirky so that's good to me,ha.Hope this helps.Happy Yelping.
5	delicious coffee and great vegan muffins!!!!! I'm from out of town but when I drive through for a climbing trip, I'm sure to stop here on a rest day.
4	THIS. This is what coffee shops are supposed to look like (at least in my opinion!)I've never walked into a coffee shop until Sunrise, and there's shelves of books to read at your pleasure. Books of all kind, non-fiction, fiction, do it yourself, educational. Coffee shops have a staple for being the place to go to become "enlightened", "informed", "nerdy". I was immediately fascinated by this when I was waiting for my nutella frapuccino. Wait, *nutella* frapuccino? Oh, yes. Might I add this is a genius coffee with the best of both worlds?I don't believe every single item is of an organic and vegan quality (obviously creamers and milk aren't of vegan quality), but I love their outlook on presenting the best cup of coffee or tea in the most sustainable manner possible. I guess when you're already a tree hugger, you might get giddy about that. But seriously, it was more so the allure of the shop itself, with its shelves of alluring books, that drew me in more than the taste (and this isn't saying the taste was bad, it was really delicious!)The tastes of coffee and teas here will appeal to your taste buds different, because yes, they use quality ingredients that aren't processed or haven't been loaded down with other preservatives or extra sugars (like some other yelpers noted). It's important to keep an open mind when crossing over from your local Starbucks into an organic, vegan certified coffee shop.
5	I come here with Co workers about once a week after work and their coffee znd teas are the bomb and their staff is super friendly and chill. Best coffee spot in Vegas
5	Great cup of coffee. I have been going here for years, and they sure do know how to make a good one. Also, what they did to the interior to give it that bohemian, indie setting is truly remarkable. They make my mocha frap with almond milk and stevia better than anyone else I know. Cool vibe.
5	I'm in the neighborhood, I look on Yelp, and Sunrise Coffee comes up. It's definitely a warm cozy coffee shop, offering organic coffees and loose leaf teas, plus organic breakfast burritos. It's definitely not your ordinary Starbucks. Thank goodness!You sit there with your drink served in real coffee cups, your food is delivered on real plates. There's a big variety of coffee drinks to choose from, your favorite cafe latte or chai (brewed here, no powder). They offer all the regular milks, and also almond and rice milk. They suggested a new tea for me, Cherry Jubilee, which wasn't on the menu. Very fruitful, but tasty. I love that they provide Truvia sweetener. Big bonus point.I also got a cinnamon raisin bagel, and their spreads... You can choose regular butter or cream cheese, however, they also offer vegan cream cheese, almond butter, organic strawberry jelly and peanut butter. I am one who very much enjoys these options! More brownie points.Did I mention they have a drive-thru and free wifi? I'm glad I'll be living close by soon, I'll definitely be a regular :)
5	Amazing Vegan eats ! Great atmosphere, affordable prices and drink alternative options. Wish they were close to me because I would go every day!
5	It's sad that I didn't buy coffee when I came here. I actually purchased a peach tea (I know how average) and the Tofurky sandwich. I have never tried Tofurky until I ate this sandwich. It was great! I will be back here often for more vegetarian treats. It is your typical coffee shop, except everything is organic. It looks just like Starbucks on the inside too.
4	So i write this review from the couch in the corner looking over a relatively busy coffee shop in the middle of a Thursday afternoon. Seems like the go to spot for a cup of Joe, conversation with a friend, and a little place to sit and get some work done on the laptop (thats why im here). Upon first entry you can tell this is a a regular spot for quite a few people as many seem to have their little places picked out, with their laptop cords ran all over and the comfort of knowing the employees as casual conversation flows all around. I find a spot first at the comfy deep seat chairs in the middle of the room and order my cup of coffee with a little flavor (white chocolate) in it to try and replicate my usual order from CBTL... my mistake as i should have just stuck with what was on the menu as it was too sweet. My next order was my lunch as i have been sitting here for the last couple of hours and i have been staring at photos of the wraps on their website so i asked them to make me their favorite. I have no clue what it was but it had beans in it and was certainly tasty as well as very healthy and really hit the spot. The service from the entire staff has been a pleasure with smiles and a solid attitude that makes you feel welcome. I think my next order to finish out my day will be the Americano which based on reviews will be nothing short of fabulous. Overall i give Sunrise high marks for the atmosphere, service, and product they offer and the prices are not bad either at $6 for my lunch. I certainly will keep it on my stop for places to drop in for a little work or a casual conversation over a cup.
4	Great little spot!  You have to try the iced Nuttella coffee....
5	A jackpot place in Las Vegas.  You must go here for breakfast, lunch or just to hang out ESPECIALLY if you are Vegan.  The muffins are awesome, the tea's and food items are made with care.This place is off the charts and it makes one wonder why other coffee places are not as attentative to customers as this place.  It is definitely a GEM in this town and a huge loss to the other coffee places who do not follow their lead.You must go here and visit this place, you will not be disappointed.  We will be a regular at this place.
5	This place rocks my socks.  I like the traditional espresso drinks (current obsession:  traditional macchato), and these guys and gals do it right.  It is a cool little spot in a seemingly inconspicuous shopping center.  Definitely worth a visit if you want quality java (or tea).They care about their product (i.e. took special care to re-pull my espresso when it didn't meet their high-quality standards) and their customers (i.e. stamp-cards!).Price is right and in-line with other establishments, too.  I'll spend my hard-earned bucks here over the chain places, anyday.
5	The moment I stepped inside, I fell in love. Granted, I was a bit scared. I am a complete foreigner to the east side, but this place made my trip COMPLETELY WORTH ITTT! Sorry for the caps, I just love this place that much. It's a bummer, I don't live close by. First of all, I love that they are strong supporters/advocates of fair trade. Second of all, I'm not sure if it's always like this but when I first stepped in, it was DEAD QUIET. Luckily, I loved it since I had some studying to do! A great place to chat but a even greater place to get work done! The ambience is intimate with a hint of hipster. (: I ordered the creme brulee latte with stevia, almond milk, and sugar-free syrups. DELICIOUS! It tasted like a good ol' creme brulee latte with a deeper taste of almond milk (my fave). As I sat to get work done, I later got hungry & thirstier and ordered the vegan alien burrito with the veganaise (vegan mayonnaise) on the side. It was perfect: fresh, clean, AVOCADO-EY, crispy, delicious! The iced peach tea I got was also a great way to cool off in the suffocatingly horrible Vegas weather! I would absolutely recommend this place to everyone. The only thing that I would have preferred is for them to expand the space a little! When I entered, there was almost nowhere to sit down! Will definitely frequent this place as much as possible before going back to school!
5	Why do I love Sunrise Coffee?  Let me count the ways!    1) Locally owned      2) Organic Coffee and Tea      3) Organic & Vegan & GF Food options      4) Ample parking       5) GREAT service from GREAT staff       6)  Simply wonderful!
5	I was visiting Vegas this weekend, and stepped into Sunrise this morning before heading home, and just to be clear: this place rocks! Baristas knew their coffee, and we're super friendly, I also loved that they roasted their beans in store. Size of shop was small but still comfortable. I will definitely be returning to this coffee house whenever I find myself in Vegas again. Oh, and my cappuccino was great.
5	NOM NOM AND ALIEN BURRITO FTW!! Whew, now that I got all of my excitement out.. let me tell you what I like about Sunrise.  To start off, the food is good (see excited remarks above) and the drinks are yumz.  I usually opt for a nice latte to go with my alien/nom burrito and usually stick around for a little bit to people watch/read/hangout.  The staff seems to be a bit smug at times but I do go out of my way to converse so I don't really mind much.  Also, they have vegan treats available and it's a nice change of pace in comparison to all the other eats in the area.  Definitely one of my favorite coffee places and I'm pretty sure I'll be continuing to frequent this joint if I'm in the relative area.BEWARE!! Sundays are super busy so expect to wait for a chair/sofa to open up if you plan to cruise by on this day!
5	probably my favorite place ever. You cannot beat the ambiance here and the food is excellent. Come to relax with a new book and enjoy the vegan alien burrito!
4	This local caffeine watering hole has been in business since I was in high school, and I have not set foot in it until now!  It is a breath of fresh air from the army of Starbucks that litter every block of a major metropolitan city.  Although the space is on the small size, the decor is warm and comes with really cool antique style leather seating. They have an impressive selection of mixed coffee drinks, and the Truffle Berry mocha that I got was quite tasty!  I also appreciate the fact that they offer breakfast menu items all day (burrito, egg sandwhich). I ordered an egg sandwich, which came with spinach, cheese, scrambled egg, tofurkey, avocado, and mayo on a whole wheat bread. The sandwich was pretty good. They also have some vegetarian fare on their menu.I came in there around 10 AM and was a bit disappointed by their limited selection of sweet pastries. There was one cinnamon roll left and a couple of things that don't seem that memorable. I got a white chocolate and macadamia nut cookie, which was just so-so. It was a little on the dry side and wasn't very chewy. I would definitely come back for their coffee and maybe try some of the sandwiches but I will pass on the pastries.
5	Tried the nom-nom and alien both vegan style and very good but loved the alien burrito best...and their classic mocha was awesome. Will be back regularly.
4	good coffee, strong  oatmeal and raisin cookie and nice wingback chairs.
5	I love local coffee shops! This is my favorite coffee shop on the east side of town! Their coffee and tea selections are fun and one of a kind. The shop is very chill with a nice cafe and urban interior. They have shelves filled with books to read if you'd like to sit and read a book or two. They offered nutella, creme brulee, and raspberry truffle lattes. I chose the creme brulee latte. Boy was it devine! It's very sweet, but it's such a delicious flavor. It tastes just like a creme brulee. The espresso in it really gives you a big wake up call, and is very rich. I also loved that they have vegan food as well. I dried their croissant breakfast sandwich which was vegan. It was so good, and I'd definitely recommend you try it as well. Thankfully, it's made to order so you know it's fresh! They even had stamp cards for you if you choose to become a regular. Thanks to the Olympics they offered TWO stamps if you got their Olympic trivia right which I thought was fun.
5	Tasty coffee.Being recently transplanted from Oregon, I've been looking for places that feel like home.  Sunrise Coffee has a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere that would fit into place easily back home.
5	This place is amazing. Service + Coffee is perfect. I suggest you go inside and relax with a Dirty Chai Latte and the Tofurkey sandwich. You will not be disappointed. Also, the Granola for a happy tummy is TOOGOOD. They do not skimp you on the goodness inside of that.
5	This is easily one of the top 5 destinations in Clark County for coffee and tea and I ain't bullsh**ing. Try the Creme Brulee espresso and you will be overcome by the delicious melding of a strong flavor with a creamy sweetness. I've tried a number of their other items, including their basic americano brew, french press, and several of their loose leaf teas. In terms of quality of ingredients, this is probably the number one coffee shop in town. This is the perfect place for vegans, organic food eaters and all around liberal/ super accepting folks. The establishment is very particular about using fair trade and organic items and most of their food items are vegan based. The staff is very friendly and more then willing to explain the preparation, origin, or flavor of any item on the menu.It's also a great place the study. The music is excellent and most of the stuff they play is mellow. You're bound to see at least one person on a macbook studying intently in the corner. Bottom line: one of the best coffee shops in town, with the best ingredients possible.
4	Good strong coffee, very clean, nice staff. Location across from Sunset Park is great. Atmosphere is pleasant.I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
4	Great atmo, excellent quality, but pricier than most.
5	I have only been here once, today, but i can say, I'll definitely be back regularly.  I enjoy a coffee house where I can relax, drink my coffee(S) and read without feeling rushed out the door.  i was comfortable at my table for the better part of 3 hours and the staff was fantastic.I was also happily surprised at the quality of food.  I ordered a turkey wrap-of-sorts, and it was great, Fresh, Made to order, very good.Like i said,  I will be back here regularly, as I look for much more in a coffee house than just coffee. Great Job Sunrise!!
5	Truly great hand-crafted espresso and tea based drinks.  I'm not aware of another coffee place in town as good as Sunrise.While I typically get an Americano, I've never had a drink that was anything less than spectacular.  The food is really good as well.  I'm a morning coffee guy, so I've only gotten pastries, but I hear great things about the sandwiches.  On top of the great product offerings, the staff is tremendous.   They are super friendly and knowledgeable.  If you're looking to try something new or aren't very well versed on coffee drinks and the variety available, they are there to help.I urge anyone and everyone looking for a new place to get coffee to try Sunrise.  You'll get a great product and great service while supporting a local business owner.
5	I really love the coffee here and the atmosphere is fantastic. It is warm, welcoming and comfortable. They also have an outdoor seating area which is nice when the weather permits.  I am the organizer for a local meetup group and whenever we host meetups there they are always very welcoming and friendly. The service is also pretty fast compared to other places, which comes in handy when you have a large group of people. I am definitely a fan - I wish it were closer to my house! :)
4	The burrito was a little unexciting, but it was very fresh at least. Granola was yum, beverages were yum. Staff was friendly. Unfortunate a place like this isn't accessible while staying under the lights, so we $20 cabbed it over. Totally worth it and we saved the cab far with $15 breakfast instead of $50!
4	Excellent coffee is hard to find in Vegas what with all the touristy crap and endless star bucks! This place has good coffee. Well worth the short drive off the strip to get it.
5	I come to Sunrise coffee usually 2 times a week at random times. I generally get the same thing (An iced latte and their happy tummy granola). It doesn't matter who is working; the drinks and food are consistently great and the service is outstanding and friendly. I love this place.  You can tell that everything they serve is high quality (and a lot of it is organic). The food is great and there are good vegetarian options. There are great seasonal drink menus and they clearly know their teas as well.
5	I really love the atmosphere here, and of course the coffee! What I really like is the fact that they cater to vegans.. It's rare to find good food out here that supports the vegan lifestyle and Sunrise definitely does it right!! The alien burrito is a personal favourite and the vegan coffee cake is to die for. I definitely recommend this little shop to anyone and everyone :)
5	Best coffee shop in Las Vegas, hands down.  Their iced coffee is my staple, but they always have new delicious lattes like sugar cookie, peanut butter & jelly, ect.  Vegan options for pastries, wraps, burrittos, ect.  The 'Alien Burrito' is heavenly, and for breakfast I recommend the vegan pumpkin chocolate chip muffin toasted with vegan butter!  Really cute decor, warm and friendly vibes, with a huge book selection for your reading enjoyment!  Best, most friendly baristas in town that make you feel right at home.
5	Alien burrito and Nutella latte?  You don't think of these items when you think of your typical coffee shop.  But that's exactly what I ordered at Sunrise Coffee!The service here was good - friendly staff who are efficient in taking your order.  I got my Nutella latte right away and it really tasted like the name implies.  Delicious!My Alien burrito took a little while to make and I'm not sure if it usually is like that, but it was worth the wait.  For an all vegetarian item, it really filled me up.  Maybe a little too much because I had to have dinner with my friend an hour later, but I'm not complaining.  If I lived in Las Vegas, I would be at Sunrise a lot.  Check them out!
5	First time here. Came here because I heard of the vegan options and its very near to my work.  I'm not a vegan, but its nice to go to places that have that option. They have vegetarian And Vegan options if that makes a difference for you.  They also have vegan pastries available.  From 5pm to 8pm they sell it for $1. People raved about the alien burrito so I had ordered that and couldn't resist having a frappe mint mocha.  As I wait for my food order the nice cashier came to my table to deliver my frappe .  I nearly drank all my mint mocha, it was delightful on this hot day.  Alien Burritto when I finally had it when I brought it to the office, it did not disappoint! Beans, quinoa, cheese, red bell peppers, lots of rolled lettuce. It was very flavorful without any meat!Very cozy atmosphere, it's the artsy coffee shop you usually would find in LA.Sunset coffee you will see me again :)
5	Love this cafe! The gentleman that helped me was very friendly! I needed help on deciding what pastry I should get and he suggested the raspberry scone and boy it was so good! It wasn't dry at all! Just the way I like my scones. I got a peach tea but next time I definitely need to try their nutella frappucino! And I believe I saw a sign on their pastries being only $1 from 5pm-8pm!
5	They've truly earned these 5 Stars. -Vegan options (pastries, SOY FREE milk,  hearty wraps)-Drive Thru-Agave Nectar Sweetener-Offer discount for 1st visit (Facebook)-Quickly and happily rectify any issues you have. They really make you feel like a valued customer-Clean!!!-Good prices-Unlike a lot of veg friendly places I've frequented, their ingredients are ALWAYS fresh! Oh man, i deeply appreciate that!I always order on the way there because the freshness takes time.  Love the Alien Burrito and Mint Tea.
4	Worth the cab fair to this place. The food was very simple but really tasty. Fun vibe and chill there.
5	I'm not vegan, but I do limit my intake of Bovine milk. I found this place on Yelp and I was amazed at all the different vegan options. For now, I had the soymilk milkshake.YES. it tasted awesome. The texture was like if a milkshake mixed up with a Frappachino from Starbucks. I will have to try more of the pastries next time!
5	Fantastic coffee house!  Walked in after Monkey morning run and instantly felt warm, cozy, and the urge to stay and soak up the ambiance over coffee.  Comfy chairs against the windows, barstool seating by the door, 2 person tables in the middle and a patio outside begs you to stay awhile.  If that isn't enough to convince you, they've got more than just muffins and scones...  They got grub!  Monkey do:  VEGAN NOMNOM BURRITO - spinach, beans, tomato, avocado, potato & tofurky never tasted any better!  So good Monkey cannot wait to return.DRIP COFFEE - good cup o' joe!  Wide variety of specialty & traditional lattes, milk options, seasonal drinks, loose leaf teas and blended frappes to choose from.  Very friendly, helpful service even when it gets packed between 9-10am.  It's not the biggest place, but it's got a pulse of the biggest heart.
5	We're in the desert people.  This ain't Seattle.  And with the lack of cold and wet comes a lack of inviting public (indoor) spaces to sit and talk, sit and read, or sit and work--otherwise known as the local coffee shop.  Which is the part of the reason that I am such a huge cheerleader for Sunrise Coffee and tell everyone that they should drive to Sunrise no matter what side of town they live on.  Sunrise is one of the only independent coffee shops in Vegas.  And they've done a great job making a caffeinated space to inspire creativity, wakefulness, conversation, and community.  It's a space that's rare in Vegas.  But it's also an inviting space with the options of comfy chairs, tables, outlets to plug in a laptop, and at least one larger table for a group meeting.Beyond the space, Sunrise offers great coffee (organic, fair trade, and well-roasted), delicious steamed milk coffee drinks (one of the few places in town offering a cafe au lait and Mexican hot chocolate).  And if you want a healthier breakfast option or vegan food options, they've got you covered.  Bottom line: I'm in love with Sunrise.  It's proof that we can have the sun and outdoors of the desert and not give up the cozy nooks and tasty warm drinks of the colder cities.
5	Everything is organic here. They even have their roast their own coffee. Must try their Alien Burrito, it's delish!
5	Love this coffee shop, great food-with a conscience
5	Relaxed atmosphere, great roasted coffee, cool artsy design and super friendly staff. This is now my favorite place in Vegas!
4	Good service, open early, and solid vegan choices if you feel like going that way.  Throw in the couches, free wifi, and the enormous lattes and you see why this might be a nice place to make a regular part of your schedule.  I havent tried too much on the menu (I'm not so into sweet baked goods), but the vegan breakfast burritos and lunch sandwiches have both been excellent.   Check it out.
4	Sunrise, Sunrise, you illuminate my skies. With the scent of fresh brew, gone away is the morning dew. The holiday drinks are in. Now you can live through Christmas in sin.
4	I've been to several coffee shops in town, and this one would be by far my fave. Small joint, but cozy. They do serve food and pastries. Am in love with their coffee selection. Creme brulee latte-delish! I'm a coffee drinker, so I love how they have big mugs. Atmosphere is calm and relaxed, so not really a great place to have a full conversation with someone, unless you don't mind others listening in. Great art on the wall is a nice touch. Prices are average.
4	Good spot. Wish it was cuter & more home-y/warm inside. But the coffee and food BOTH deliver, so it's worth it. Although I would do a major overhaul on the signage outside and the interior. Make it look more inviting.Vegan muffin was great! Moist & rich with blueberry deliciousness. Had a breakfast wrap with extra spinach and was quite satisfied. Great coffee too... YAY ALMOND MILK! Overall YAY! But really---- she's clean, but if you want people to hang out for a bit... make it a bit more cozy.
5	We are here multiple times a week. I'm not a coffee drinker so I always order tea. In most "coffee" shops, I tend to find the teas undrinkable. But, Sunrise Coffee pays as much attention to their teas as they do their coffees. Food is great here and there's plenty of comfortable seating and there's often plenty of students studying. I would have loved a place like this when I was in college.Service is excellent here. We are ALWAYS greeted by a friendly person whether we go through their drive through or sit inside. I highly recommend Sunrise Coffee.
5	Really annoyed that it has taken me this long to discover this place. I'm kind of picky about the coffeeshops I work in--but this definitely hit all the requirements for a great work spot. Plenty of outlets, free wifi, breakfast sandwich offerings, mellow music, big windows for natural lighting, ample table space, bookshelves to stimulate the brain, and of course, delicious coffee.The hazelnut latte I ordered was divine. Not too sweet, not too nutty and topped with the perfect amount of foam. I hung out there for hours with a friend. Ended up staying right up til closing, when they offered us free pumpkin chocolate muffins and croissants. Magical!
5	Just perfect!
5	This is a great little coffee shop that I visit when I'm around that part of town, usually for work. It's a great place to drop in and grab a drink to go such as the soy latte or their iced teas, the peach one is particularly good.I have dropped in on the weekend as well to grab breakfast and all of the items are good. The alien burrito and the croissant sandwich are excellent.Oh, and Michelle Obama dropped by in the summer. Check it out!
4	This place is OK if you compare it to other cities such as LA.  For Las Vegas it is awesome just for the mere fact that there aren't many places in Las Vegas like this.  There are maybe a few Vegetarian places at most when I yelped.  I had the Tofurkey sandwich and it was delicious.  It had avocado and hummus on it which gave it so much flavor.  So good.  Their menu is very small but will go back to try the other things.  The staff there are very friendly.  I got a free pastry for checking in.  I had some kind of coffee pastry and it was yummy.
4	I decided to try somewhere new for my typical coffee morning, and found Sunrise Coffee. I was pleased that it had a drive-thru option, but went inside to see what is was all about. The inside was casual and comfortable, making a great impression on my morning decision. I ordered an iced coffee and croissant, a typical order that I would get from Starbucks, for cheaper here. The croissant was very fresh and yummy, and the iced coffee was great! Usually there is never enough ice to keep it as an "iced" coffee, but it did today.Overall, I liked the setup, and the cozy welcoming vibe inside. The workers seemed happy with their jobs, and I wasn't rushed to make my order. Great place to try something new! I will be coming back!
5	After visiting Seattle, I thought I'd lost all hope at finding a coffee house in Vegas that was comparable.  Sunrise definitely proved me wrong.  Keep the creme brulee latte in mind when you visit.  My absolute favorite!  And if you're hungry, the alien burrito is definitely the way to go.This place has got to be, without a doubt, the best in town.  It's so relaxing, and it's got this personality that's just so inviting, you'd be a fool for not wanting to give it a try.
5	Easily one of the best coffee shops in town. It is the best one if you like your drinks without dairy. They're extremely helpful through their accommodation of your special requests and general knowledgeably of pretty much everything on their menu. They have tons of sweetener and non-dairy options to suit your tastes. Everything tastes great! It's that small, indie coffee shop that you wish was where ever you were. Yes, wifi is a must - and is accounted for. Spend some time here and leave happy.
4	Great ambiance.  Very cozy and chillax. I had the breakfast sandwich and Jasmine tea. The best tea I have had in awhile.  The sandwich was also very good and fresh. If you are looking for a gem; you have found it. I felt like I was outside of Vegas at a chill coffee house in the city.
5	This is such a cozy place! I had no idea it was right around the corner for me. 4 weeks into going Vegan and I was starting to feel like my only option at any restaurant or cafe was lettuce topped with veggies. Not so at Sunrise Coffee! I'm finding lots of other places offer items as well, but menus need to be asked for.The coffee was delicious, and just as beautiful to boot! The food was great. I had the Alien Burrito, and my boyfriend had the nomnom burrito. Both made vegan. No complaints from either of us! Prices are fair. The staff is adorable and friendly! Support local, and keep this place alive!!
5	Support local coffee shops! Super chill spot! The environment is very inviting with lots of cool art all over their walls with much of it being for sale. They have an eclectic array of music playing in the background..some of which you'll definitely want to shazam! ;) Many college students like to study here (free wi-fi whoo!) so the atmosphere is not hectic, but rather very peaceful. If you have no idea what you want to order, have no fear! The Baristas are always so pleasant and proactive in helping you pick the perfect drink to suite your current mood!Some of my faves are:-Ethiopian French Press-Nutella latte-Alien burritoTip:If you have the time, ask for your drink to be poured in a house cup. The lovely baristas will pour your drink with a special artsy surprise.Sunrise coffee really has something for everyone. Not to mention, all you vegucated folks will love this place! Hope you enjoy! =]
5	I've been here a few times and really like it. Despite its exterior, you don't feel like the place is in a strip mall. Orange mocha latte, green tea frappe (basically a milkshake, but delicious), and baked goods are all a recipe to happiness for me. I've never had anything to eat other than a cookie and a muffin, but I want to try the more savory fares. It's a great place to get stuff done--lots of outlets, tables, and comfy chairs for whatever suits your laptop fancy. Everyone is nice too, which is a plus. Go!
5	Talk about easy. An unassuming location for a java joint, this is a gem. The inside is very comfy. With the assortment of reads, to the plenty of tabletops for two or one, comfy couches and available outside seating. This place makes me smile. Love the buy-able art on the wall from local artist. They also use to hold a speakeasy night here, I'm unsure if they still do, but it's always a sweet thing to hear local poets.This is a good place to meet someone up to catch up. Drinks are reasonably priced. Staff is very nice as well. Come check it out. You won't regret it. My favorite - Early Grey Tea with a splash of soy milk and a packet of raw sugar to top it off.
5	As Norah Jones famously sang, "Sunrise, sunrise/looks like mornin' in your eyes..." Yes. I have morning in my eyes with a drink and a wrap from Sunrise Coffee.I've always heard amazing things about this place. I've also seen tantalizing pictures of beautiful coffee creations. I was really excited that I had some time to stop by and see what the commotion was about.I was starving and decided to get a wrap. My friends advised me to get the Alien Burrito. It's a perfect blend of beans, lettuce, tomato, quinoa and red bell peppers in a tomato-tortilla wrap.  I'm not sure what they used to flavor the quinoa and the beans, but it's absolutely delicious. They don't skimp out on the size of the wrap either. I ate half before my workout and the other half post-workout. The most perfect vegetarian wrap I've ever had!I didn't get to try any their coffee drinks, but my friend just had just ordered a cup. It's really a work of art. The designs they get on their creations are really pretty. So pretty in fact that I wouldn't want to drink it! But I ended up getting their Italian soda flavored with raspberry and passion fruit. This was only $2. Light and refreshing. Not too sweet. Perfect compliment to my Alien burrito. Ambiance is great. A quaint and little shop with good seating. They even have a little bookshelf full of books. Not noisy like your typical coffee shop - you can actually hear what people are saying to you! There were a handful of people studying here as well. I wish I had known about this place during my undergrad days. I wouldn't have been studying there too!While I was standing in line, I saw that there was a little sign. Something about how they have Happy Hour from 5-8 PM which their small coffee is $1. Win! Whether I get their $1 coffee or pretty latte in the near future, I know I'll be happily sipping with a smile on my face.
4	Love their Nutella expresso !!!!!!  Wraps were very tasty !!!  A most try, and they cater to vegans too !!!!
4	I was so happy I discovered this place one day when I was required to attend the alcohol awareness class to get my Tam card for a job. I randomly came here since I had to wait a couple hours before the class started and I was quite surprised at how wonderful of a place it is. The baristas are so friendly and knowledgeable about their drinks. They play great music, display nice artwork, and have a bookshelf full of books (some appear not to be the greatest selection, but that's okay) and the clientele that come in regularly are all artsy and studious type of individuals so it's a nice crowd to be around. The drinks I've had were fantastic. I've had their caramel frappe, white mocha frappe, and butterscotch beer frappe. When you sit in they serve their drinks in the cutest little mason jars! That made me really happy for some reason. It was just a unique touch. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the size of the shop and due the to popularity of it, it can be hard to find seats and you may feel a little squished when you're sitting there on a busy day. The outdoor patio seating area is really cute, but still not enough space especially if the weather doesn't permit outdoor seating. Other than that, I love this little gem of a coffee shop. Great place!
4	This is a great place for coffee and the cafe is really nice inside. If your looking to meet a friend or just have a good cup of coffee, I would suggest this place. Locally owned and ecco friendly. The Mexican mocha is my favorite. They also offer great seasonal drinks too.PROS: Atmosphere is peaceful and bright             Mexican Mocha             Specialty coffee drink with mocha and it's spicy. Can't remember the name.              Outdoor seating!             Pretty decorations on hot coffee drinks.
5	Drove 30 minutes because i miss my coffee since Starbucks isn't vegan at all, loves this place made me miss Washington coffee shops i will make it a reoccurring thing to drive out there, wish there was a place closer
5	This is a really great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. Came here the day we left Vegas and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered an iced tea and a bagel. It was perfect and I'm not saying this because I may or may not have been hungover. Definitely coming back!
5	Today in addition to my favorite caramel macchiato with almond milk, I ordered the alien burrito salad. It came as a huge portion in a huge bowl full of spinach, avocado, delicious couscous and bean. This salad is fresh and delicious! I really wish that it was half its size though - there's no way I can finish it all by myself.
5	The fire & brimstone latte is phenominal! I've gone back several times, and it's still my favorite. Today, I upped them a star because I sent my (new) hubby to fetch me one while I was at the office. What he brought back didn't taste like my favorite brew, so I went back with it and asked what was up. Not only did they replace it (with one that tasted as good as what I wanted) - but they gave Jim's his for free. No excuses, no problems. Now, that's customer service! Great job, guys.
2	Two stars because the staff were helpful and friendly, but getting a days old chocolate cupcake and weak IHOP style coffee (they only have medium roast, no dark roast) was a major turn off, especially as I had driven 5 miles out of my way having read Yelp reviews. Not worth it given I can get the same as any Starbucks and save the gas.
4	I had the s'mores steamer, since I'm trying to stay away from caffeine, it was amazing! Also tried the alien burrito, I was very satisfied can't wait to return and try more stuff!
5	Seriously a great cup of coffee.After being addicted to the green mermaid for quite some time, i found this jewel and will not be back at a Starbucks for a while. The coffee is beautifully roasted, not oily or heavy or burnt. The staff were all very generous with me as a first timer, even though it was busy, they took the time to explain anything i asked of them. The food here is delicious, healthy and priced right!Not to mention beautiful to look at. The photos on Yelp are true to life, everything looks and tastes that beautiful! You will not be disappointed. The atmosphere was great and i loved the outdoor seating area with it's quirky wooden chairs and generous shade. I also loved that this place is located right across from a park, it's be great for moms with kids to pop in before taking the kids to play. Totally in love with this place and will be back soon.
5	Here I go again. Ms. Cynthia....coffee fanatic, coffee craze, coffee fiend...however you want to call it. I'm always on a hunt to find coffee joints. I like to venture out and experience what else is out there besides my usual Starbucks.Arrived around 5:10pm on a Thursday evening. 5-8pm is happy hour. $1 small hot/iced coffee, $2 hot/iced latte, and $1 pastries.  UMM WHAT?! Seriously!? Happy hour coffee version!? Yes please. This is better than freakin alcoholic beverages for happy hour. Sorry....but I much rather choose iced coffees over alcohol ANY DAY. ANY FREAKIN DAY.This place have a bunch of syrups to add to your coffee/beverage. They got your usual vanilla, chocolate, hazelnut, caramel, sugar free. And then you got your orange, coconut, almond, marshmallow, peppermint, raspberry, strawberry...etc. It's an extra 45 cents to add flavoring. I probably sound like such a newbie for getting all excited over the wide varieties of syrups they have. Are all private coffee joints like this?? Sorry...I was so used to just Starbucks before moving here to Vegas lol.So I got a small iced coconut latte with nonfat milk. Total cost: $2.45. Can't freakin beat that. $2 for an iced coffee at a coffee joint?!?!? That's heaven for me. My boyfriend got a 16oz iced mocha frap. That cost $4 with some change. Too bad this place is pretty far from where I live otherwise I'd be here wayyyyyyy moreeee often. Like everyday.
5	I really like this place. It is close to my place but in a direction I rarely go, so sometimes I forget it is there. But, every time I go, I think to myself, "I should come here more often!" I can't think of another place like that for me. It is very comfortable and welcoming. The staff is always friendly. The coffee and tea is always to my liking. I have never had one issue there with service or quality. I can't say that about many places. I also like supporting a local business, and they make it so easy to do.
2	The coffee isnt that strong. The service is ok. Its clear they have very few experienced baristas there. The burritos have shrank considerably. I wonder how much they pay their employees who seem to be in high school or barely in college.  Im always offeredcoffee cards but never receive them. It made me wonder when they used MIRACLE GROW on their plants seeing as they are eco friendly? I dont normally go out with my family but when I do I try to go to places like this but unfortunately the coffee isnt strong rather watery and the food is being reduced in size plus its little kids making the coffee now. The only reason I gave two stars is because they do sell fair trade coffee which is awesome.
5	Was back in Vegas for a week and came here twice.  Still the same happy people and delicious coffee.
5	All I can say is WOW. Good coffee. Good price. Good atmosphere. What more can you want from a coffee house?!You have never had coffee until you've had a cup from Sunrise. Even though I've only had the nutella espresso, I can almost guarantee everything else is just as good. First off, this isn't your watered down weak coffee, it is strong and concentrated coffee which is how it is supposed to be. The nutella topped off the espresso just right. I love how they offer different flavors and also how you can choose your own milk. The selection is endless! I would have to compare this place to Sambalatte except its a little cheaper and less crowded. If you're in the neighborhood, give Sunrise a try! You won't ever go back to Starbucks ever again!
5	Nutella coffee?  What?!  .. and creme brulee coffee too?!  all at a reasonable price?  A W E S O M E!!  Thank you fellow yelpers for recommending this place!  ..It was a great find.  I'm not a coffee fanatic, but this place is truly great.  Friendly staff, free wifi, a charming patio and everything you need from coffee, tea, sandwiches to snacks.. what else is there to add?  Oh, and everything is practically organic so two thumbs up in my book!I took home some Hakunamatata loose tea (2 oz. = $4) and it's quite delish!  If you're a loose leaf tea junkie like I am, try it!  It's pretty yummy!
5	Why isn't this coffee spot closer to me?!?  I love, love, LOVE this place!  Coffee to stay is served in an actual mug.  My nutella latte was such a treat to myself.  And there was a leafy design in the foam!  Artwork AND coffee LOL.  They offer some unique flavor lattes and teas that I can't say I've seen at any other cafe.  The employees are helpful and friendly and we didn't have to wait long at all for our coffee.  The atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable.  There are regular tables, armchairs, stools, etc. and outdoor seating.  There's also a drive through if you want your java when you're on the go.  Prices are reasonable.  Will definitely return.
5	Best. Coffee. Ever. Love the people, love the art on the walls, love that it's organic.
4	Great little coffee shop!  I enjoyed the Creme Brulee Iced Latte.  Wonderful!  They have a wide variety of drinks.  It's always nice to support a local business vs. the regular chains.  Sunrise is just as good and hopefully be back soon!
5	My hubby and I LOVE this coffee shop!! Their coffee is delicious and so is their coffee cake. It's a big plus that they are vegan. Not too many places here are. Nice change from your typical Starbucks.
5	Get the alien burrito it is delicious! !! My favorite is a Mexican mocha with an add shot!
4	This is one of my favorite Vegas coffee shops. They have amazing coffee, all fair trade and organic. They have multiple milk alternatives, yummy vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free food options. They also give away free stuff and give discounts if you're lucky to catch the announcement on their Facebook page. Friendly and hip. My only complaint is that they play the music a little loud sometimes. It is good music typically though. Also, they need a bigger shop. Apparently others feel like I do because the place is always packed. Every time I am here their regulars come in and talk to the employees for a long time. Free wifi and they bring your order out to you. :)
5	My new standby for coffee type drinks and a quick breakfast/lunch when I'm at the office right down the street.  Starbucks be damned, this place blows them away in quality of food and service.  The place is always clean; I've been in here 8 times so far this month and every time I'm there someone is walking around tidying up the place.  Nice selection of healthy choices for breakfast and lunch.  I'm a huge fan of their Granola For Happy Tummy and the Alien Burrito.  Nice customers too; I've had a few strangers come up and introduce themselves to me...what a nice change from the usual chains.
5	Any drink or wrap is perfect! The staff is super friendly and helpful when you can't decide!
2	It was a rainy day when we stopped! And this place was somewhat full. I think I saw a picture of Michelle  Obama on the wall. "whoa!" The First Lady was here; This place must be really awesome!We ordered a burrito, a sandwich and a latte. The burrito and sandwich were done in like 10 minutes, but our latte 20 minutes later and I had to reminded them. we patiently waited for them to finish their orders before we can get our latte. And not a word of apologize from the staff that they totally forgot about it.  Overall, the food was alright, but the service could be better.
5	I drive by this place at least 2 times everyday but today finally decided to stop by and try it out. The menu was full of delicious options with affordable prices. I asked the person taking my order what she recommends and she said the Nutella Latte. I ordered a small Nutella Latte, Cinnamon bagel with cream cheese, 2 chocolate milks for the kids, and another cinnamon bagel with strawberry jam for my daughter and croissant for my son. I was greeted with a warm smile and great way to start the day. I like that they make their chocolate milk for the kids because my son and daughter's  eyes opened wide with excitement since it looked like a fancy big kid drink opposed to the tiny boxed milk. Overall. Great Service, Delicious Drinks and Food, and Affordable. Will definitely be coming back more often.
4	I've only been through the drive thru, but from that view it's a great shop. The menu has a good variety to choose from. The only drink I've tried is the hot Chai Tea Latte and the first time I had it, it wasn't great, but everytime since it's been perfect. My favorite Chai Tea Latte is from the Coffee Bean, but this place is a very close second.
5	I no longer live in Vegas, and I don't miss it. What I do miss, however, is Sunrise Coffee. I have no idea how they made the most perfect cup of mocha, but they did. They do. I want to fly back to Vegas for just long enough to get my order. Large mocha with soy. Breakfast burrito. Heaven.Not only is their coffee divine, but their food is delicious and healthy. Vegan options that taste amazing!Let's not forget about the staff. Wonderful happy people that actually seem to enjoy what they are doing. Run, don't walk to this place. Best. Thing. About. Las Vegas.(Miss you, Sunrise!)
5	Vegan-friendly and GOOD. Enough said. I had a chai latte with almond milk (they also offer rice & soy) and their vegan breakfast burrito. I don't love fake meat, so next time I will get it without the Tofurky and extra everything else. People were nice and good ambiance. Will definitely return!
5	This is my new must stop Latte Joint in Vegas! Super delicious decaf Vanilla Latte! And the Roiboos Orange Black Tea Latte was yummy too! They serve organic beans and vegan items too although I didnt order any. I went thru the drive thru. Reasonable prices as well.
5	All around fab place. The staff is fantastic: they treat first timers like regulars, and regulars like old friends. The space is cozy. The music is great (who doesn't love synth pop?). The best thing about it though is the menu. I've fueled many a marathon reading or writing session on their burritos. The croissant egg sandwich is also a fresh and savory life-saver. The real reason I keep coming back however is the coffee. I'm an unapologetic snob from an unapologetically snobby city -- yep, New York -- and I was appalled at the coffee scene when I first moved here (sorry, The Beat). But Sunrise changed that. Not only do they actually know what a pour-over coffee is, they make a damn good one. The Mexican is my fave. The house brew, iced, and other varieties are also fantastic.
5	One of my favorite coffee spots-I only wish they had one on the west side. Creative coffee drinks, lots of vegan food options. Sit outside and play guess the airline as planes get ready to land at McCarran.
4	For a comfortable atmosphere and good coffee, come to this place. I sambalatte has the hipsters happy, and sunset is for everyone else who isnt a snob. Sunset has the first outdoor patio that I would actually Like to sit at. 4 star of 5 only because of the location and loud airplanes flying low.
5	I seriously love this place. Like I wish it were a person so I could date the ish out it and then propse and marry it.Five very big stars.My husband and I came across this place on our way to an early movie at Galaxy Green Valley last Saturday. We did our due diligence and scoped the place out on yelp and their website.I knew immediately that I wanted to try their Candy Cane Latte being that I am a big fan of anything minty. I usually just like drip coffee but I was feeling fancy. The coffee shop itself was just marvelous. I loved the empty frames hanging from the wall. I was a big fan of the varied seating options available: comfy chairs, tables, pub style- tables and stools. Plus the cool enclosed patio outside and the eclectic collection of books to read on the shelf.My husband ordered the Mexican mocha and when we both received our drinks, a little bit of magic happened. Every sip was just awesome. I loved and appreciated the latte art. I loved the perfect ratio of foam and steamed milk. I loved the perfect hint of mint. I loved the mug that the latte was in. I loved every single thing about my drink.My husband wanted me to try his (he loved it too), but I would have to share some of mine and I wasn't willing to do that so I told him I'd just take him at his word. :)20 oz later, I decided, I'm going to order ANOTHER drink. This time I tried the Nutella latte. The husband also decided to get another drink and he picked a hazelnut latte.Again, it was another 20 oz of loveliness. It had this great bite to it - it was different but perfect.So, 40 ounces later, I was feeling quite content with myself. I would have loved to try the wraps or a pastry, and I will next time - but I had a lunch date planned so I stuck to just 2 LARGE mugs of wonderful.For any coffee aficionado, for all latte lovers city-wide, I must say that Sunrise Coffee is as charming as they come. The staff was super friendly, the place was spotless, but most importantly, their was a piece of pride made in every mug there.Highly recommend times infinity.
5	I don't know how they make their lattes so rich and flavorful, but it's the best in town!  Really good quality coffee!  Nice atmosphere.  This is also a veagan friendly place.  I came here with my two dogs today, and they got some free treats!
5	Amazing!  It's hard to find a local coffee shop that actually has good coffee/espresso.  Friendly staff is a huge plus too!  So glad I found this place .
5	To begin with it bears saying that this is a special treat location for vegans, where there are vegan options for almost all items.  A variety of milk alternatives (rice, almond, etc.) are available, contrasted with many places which offer only soy milk.The house coffee blend (what you get when you order, say, an ice coffee) is one of the best coffees I've ever had.  Given that this is just their house blend, their specialty coffees are something really special indeed.For food I ate their tofurkey 'wich, which was pretty good.  Definitely a tasty lunch snack.  Their 'NomNom' burrito was the best breakfast burrito my girlfriend had ever eaten.  For avocado lovers out there, when they say there is avo on something, they do Not skimp.On top of their great food and drink, the help is knowledgeable and friendly.  We sat and had fun conversations and felt really welcomed by Mike.  The decor of the shop is modern but not cold, and the atmosphere is very calm, low key.Whether you're in a rush and need to just pick up a great tasting coffee, or want to lounge for a while and sip, Sunrise Coffee is an excellent choice even if you have to head a bit out of the way.
5	Oh Sunrise, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.The iced orange mocha is a cup full of decadence, in the best possible way.The alien burrito is a unique mishmash of deliciousness, readily customized to suit every person's palate. The staff is friendly, patient, and always extremely helpful.There are two coffee shops in Vegas that I find myself driving completely out of my way to visit. Grouchy John's is the other one.Sunrise Coffee - the only way you would be more perfect is if you were on my side of town.
3	Mixed emotions; decor was nice with comfortable chairs and a nice selection of books. Service was friendly when I could get it - at one point I was the only person in line for 5 minutes, then when others where in line they were helped as if I'd never been standing there. Another time, had to ask twice after a long wait for a beverage, it was never made. First coffee was good, refill was luke warm and tasted like it had been sitting a while. Pastry was decent, wi-fi strength was good.
5	Excellent coffee. Very healthy choices as far as food goes. Hidden gem very near sunset park.
4	I lived in Seattle for 3 cloudy, blissful years and since moving to Vegas I have been looking for a good local coffee shop. Hanging out in a coffee shop is a requirement for anyone living in Seattle, so I've grown to appreciate the art of spending a few hours relaxing in a local shop. I should immediately confess that I am not a coffee drinker, but I can appreciate a good cup of tea. Upon entering Sunrise it was immediately apparent that it could easily be located in Seattle. It is very inviting, there are couches, a bar, a patio, and a bookcase. There are delicious looking pastries and lunch options as well. All of the coffee drinkers that I have visited with really loved their drinks, particularly the Nutella latte. I appreciate their tea selection and also the caffeine free menu (I was very recently pregnant and needed some caffeine free options). My favorite caffeine free option is the homemade horchata, who would have thought? The staff is always really friendly and patient. I also love the tip jar, there are usually two choices and you put your two cents (hopefully more) in the jar that you most identify with - for example - Star Wars vs. Star Trek. So creative and definitely encourages tipping! If you are looking for some yummy treats and a relaxing coffee shop environment, this should be your go-to Vegas coffee shop!
5	I give ya five stars Sunrise (d'awwwwh) lets make it a sideways 8
5	So delicious! I've had a hot almond milk vanilla latte (half sweet) and an iced hazelnut almond milk latte (half sweet). Both are so good! Food wise, I had the granola with almond milk, and it has bananas on top. So good if you want something kind of light but still filling. Then I had the vegan Nomnom burrito. What can I say about that?! Beans? Avocado? Tofurkey? Veganaise? Potatoes? Lettuce? All this wrapped up just.......there's no words to describe it. You just have to try it! I could eat that every day.
3	So I've been hankering for a good coffee since coming back from Italy. My wife is still on her diet, so she has been craving Sugar Free Chai coffee. She found this place and I thought it'd be perfect to pick up my sister from the airport then head over here.The ambiance was nice. Lots of tables so people can sit down and enjoy their coffee. Their staff was super friendly and nice too.Too bad the coffee didn't live up to expectations. The latte I got was OK, but nothing better than what Starbucks could have whipped up.The sugar free chai latte was watery and bland. It tasted like ice coffee that has been left out for a few hours.That being said, the coffee shop wasn't that bad. But seeing as I'm not from the area, definitely not some place I would go out of my way for.
5	Thank goodness for yelp. I was in Vegas and wanted to find a place that serves real espresso. After searching a bit I found Sunrise Coffee. It was a good 7 miles out of my way, but the reviews and pictures suggested it was worth the drive. Boy am I glad I made the trip. They have great coffee and a nice selection of breakfast and lunch options (including vegan). The inside is really clean and inviting and the staff are super friendly, helpful, and cool. Plus they make a great latte. I chatted a bit and then enjoyed my breakfast and latte while reading. There are plenty of tables and comfortable chairs to relax in. If you are in the area, I highly recommend dropping in for a visit. Sunrise Coffee is now my "go-to" place for a latte when I'm in Vegas.
5	Absolutely amazing place! Super high quality coffee and food! Staff is really really nice! Thank God for this ONLY ONE hipster place with good coffee in whole Henderson!!! Love it!
5	This place is great. Nice coffee shop atmosphere and really good organic food, coffee and tea. A must go to anyone looking for quality organic and vegan beverages and food. The staff is also really nice and helpful. Highly recommend it!!!!
4	Great place to study, catch up with friends, or just grab a book and relax.  Their drinks and food never disappoint...simple, fast, fresh & decently priced. My go-to coffee spot in Vegas!
4	My wife and I enjoy going here on the off chance we get to have breakfast together! Food is always good and the menu is pretty original! Never have had to wait for a seat and the service is always friendly!
5	5 stars for ambience, service, and food.  I didn't get any coffee so I can't comment on that, but from the many positive reviews regarding the caffeinated beverages, I have high hopes for my next visit.  I like the book supply, from which one can choose a tome and while away the hours.  Sunrise is quiet enough for patrons to get work done, comfy enough in which to relax, and cool enough in which to be seen.
5	I love coffee-especially from Sunrise!If it weren't too far from my side of town, I'd start my day off with a soy latte from here every morning. When my sweet tooth wants to be unleashed, I'll go for their nutella, creme brulee, or caramel vanilla lattes. Hungry? This place has an out of this world alien burrito. The raves on this dish don't lie. Also, don't forget to overlook their vegan coffee cake. It's not always offered so when it is, take advantage of it. It's another winner in my book.Staff is welcoming and friendly. Ambiance is chill-great place to study or to catch up with friends.The place is a bit small and it tends to get overcrowded at times but what they have to offer compensates for that. They've recently extended their hours and close at 9 p everyday with a happy hour from 6-9 with $2 lattes and $1 pastries. Win! Plus, during the holidays, they offer a holiday menu. The spank me santa, sugar cookie, and butterbeer lattes are my go to ones. Definitely a fan of this place and can without a doubt say, this is my favorite coffee shop in Vegas. Check it out if you haven't yet!EDIT:Don't know if they still do HH for drinks. Overheard that they do sell pastries for $1 an hour before they close.
5	It is simple.. I LOVE SUNRISE COFFEE! Alien burrito and an iced soy london fog... soo good!
4	I great coffee shop away from the strip. The place has a fresh modern look. If you enjoy a good pour-over, consider this joint. The staff are very friendly. Several pastries and breakfast items to choose. Free Wi-Fi.
5	A truly amazing, beautiful cup of coffee. I'd put their Lattes and Cappuccinos up against anyone's in town. These guys are in a different league from the chain coffee stores.
5	Nutella Latte, so very good, I would do this everyday if I could...Great service, great food, I am not a vegan but how nice that they offer a variety for those who are, that is icing on the cake :)
5	I walked into Sunrise and knew I had come to the right place. Great decorations, baristas were friendly and hip. I felt much better here than on the strip. Me and a bunch of my buddies were headed through Vegas to hit up some National Parks (Grand Canyon, Zion and Bryce). We needed some fuel (both for the car and ourselves) before hitting the road and Sunrise hit the spot. I had an orange iced mocha, my friends had nutella latte frappe thing - Stop. Re-read. Yes I wrote Nutella Latte. You didn't misread that. And yes, that is amazing. Nutella is the lifeblood of all things great in this world, and to add it to coffee, the mere idea of it is enough to bring a grown man to tears. Simply put, the drink was good.We also had some breakfast burrito's that were pretty solid, they could have been more spicy but hey, it was pretty damn good. It was a bit pricey (maybe the norm for Vegas?), but the atmosphere and interesting drinks sold me on the place. Truthfully, this place is 4 stars in my mind, but really I felt like it was a special place in Las Vegas, and I suggest making the trek.
5	Feeling a little under the weather, I decided to suck it up and meet one of my dearest friends at the coffee shop to have a latte and get some work done.  I've heard so many great things about this place and thought this was the perfect opportunity!  It's located on north side of Sunset Rd after Pecos, if you're driving west bound.  It's in a small building, detached to a strip mall, like everything else in Las Vegas.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the beautiful aroma of espresso and a very warm staff.  They are fun, vibrant and ready to help.  Also, the place wasn't busy when I arrive, but man!  It's filled up quickly!  People sitting around the tables and couches, great conversations, working on their laptops.  Such an amazing coffee shop feel!  For my drink, I got the large hazelnut latte, hot and in a mug for $4.05.  When they called my name, I picked up my drink, only to find out that they beautifully decorated the froth into a leaf.  WOW!! I've heard of some coffee shops doing that but to see it in person was an amazing thing!  What was better than that, the latte was actually THE BEST latte I've ever tasted!  So creamy, lightly hinted with the taste of hazelnut and warm, but not too hot.  This drink was AH-MAZE-ING and completely on point.  I also got the peanut butter, jelly and banana sandwich for $3.45.  Omg, it reminded me of my younger days as a small kid.  The peanut butter wasn't chunky, however, so creamy and flavorful.  Btw, it's organic!  Huge plus.  Then add the strawberry jam and sliced bananas in a couple of multigrain toasted bread and you got heaven in a sammy.  Highly recommended for those who want to get in touch with their inner child. Listen folks, I will definitely rave about this place for time to come.  In fact, I will get my happy butt here on the weekends to do some work from now on.  With the free wifi, why wouldn't you?  This place has got to be my top favorite coffee joints in Las Vegas.  Btw, from 5pm-8pm everyday, they have happy hour.  $1 hot or iced small coffee, $2 hot or iced small plain lattes and $1 pastries.  Hello reason to come back!  Thanks guys, for making this experience amazing!
4	Great tasting coffee and space to read. I enjoyed this spot very much and look forward to the next visit. Service was good. Friendly!
4	I came in at about 2:30 on a Friday afternoon to have coffee with a friend!  I walked in and the place was packed!  We were lucky enough to find a table.  Outside seating is also available but it was a bit hot and humid out this day.   The coffee is organic and is roasted in house and tastes wonderful.  I love the idea that they are environmentally conscious and offer their coffee in a mug if you are not taking it to go!  However the blended drinks come in a plastic cup but even that is made from recyclable material and is compostable.  My friend ordered the Mint Mocha Coffee and I ordered the Caramel Frappe both with non-fat milk, of course!.  My friend said that her coffee was the perfect blend of mint, mocha and coffee and she was really impressed!  I loved the Caramel Frappe!  Perfectly blended to a great consistency that did melt super fast!  The drink had just the right amount of sweetness and quenched my caramel hankering.  There was a sign stating that there was going to be music here that evening.  I'm guessing that this is a common occurrence here.  They also have a nice collection of books if you would like to sit and read.  We were here for about 2.5 hours and with the amount of people that were here the entire time I truly believe that this place either needs to expand or open another location.  It was also hot in there or they were having AC issues or maybe a tactic to keep people from staying to long.  :)  Overall I will be back and normally do stop by when I am in the area!
4	They roast their own beans and the cappuccino is consistently great!  Too bad they only have a eastside location.   Even Michelle Obama has been there!
5	I love this place. Only a few blocks from my shop and they are open early in the morning when I really need my coffee before opening the shop.
3	I want to love this place. It's close to my house, fair-trade, and not a corporation. The coffee isn't consistent. I had a delicious iced pumpkin spice latte, topped with nutmeg, and went back a few times since just to be disappointed. It had such a weird taste. I couldn't even drink it. The food is far superior to the coffee. Specifically, the alien burrito is really amazing!! Also, their cups are compostable! That's an added bonus, but I'm so bummed on my coffee.
4	After hearing about this place from Shirley B., I stopped by for some green tea and a bit of girl talk with Suzy H.  I must have passed this dozens of times over the years but never knew it was there.  It doesn't really look like much from the outside, but the inside is a different story: modern with wood accents and a patio that I didn't notice when I drove up.  And, it has a drive-thru window.  Suzy and I both ordered the matcha green tea, but she got hers hot and I got mine iced.  We sat out on the patio, which is nice, but the place is right in the flight path of the airport, so there are planes flying over head every few minutes, which makes it hard to hear when you're deep in conversation.  The tea was great and so was the service.  I'll be back to try the famous Alien Burrito when I'm in the area again.
4	Come here often for a quick lunch. The staff is amazing and very friendly. They have wifi and a great selection of coffees and teas. As for food they have a lot of healthy breakfast and snack options with a couple sandwiches as well. They do have vegan options for most of their selections. The space is a little tight inside as many folks come with laptops or to read. There are couches, comfy chairs, low and high tables. They do have outdoor seating, which works now that the weather agrees. They also have a reading selection.All in all, a great place for breakfast or lunch for the coffee aficionado or health nut. Seating can get cramped during peak times, but otherwise is comfy. Food quality is high and great vegan options. Great place for a quick grab or relax.
5	The best!!!!! Global Expansion time.
3	Delicious and decorated dirty lattes in addition to excellent service. My only complaint about this place -- the reason why I don't come here too often -- is that it's really small and the set up is weird. The high tables in the middle makes it seem even smaller. Very hard to relax here. Loved the patio, but not very useful during the hot Vegas summers.
5	mmm mmmm this place is amazing !!!!I recently became a vegetarian after eating an Alien Burrito from here.  It was awesome to know there are so many good yummy and healthy things to eat that dont have to kill an animal in the process.....the burrito was more then amazing......i also had a chai tea latte mmm sooo good.today i went there again and had a pumpkin spice iced coffee, my mom had peppermint latte, and we shared an everything bagel with vegan cream cheese..... to. die. for !!!!SO yeah this place rocks, the staff is amazing and it has a drive thru !!! that goes pretty fast but you can also call ahead and pick your order up threw the drive thru.  will def. go back :)
5	For someone who loves coffee as much as I do, Sunrise is the place. I've been coming here for almost a year now and I'm not even close to stopping. I've had a few bad experiences here due to the new employees but overall I still like it. It takes time to get used to the new people and for them to get used to Sunrise. Anyways, it's still a MUST VISIT place in Vegas!
4	Phenomenal vegan burritos. Coffee is very good too with a choice of not just soy, but also almond or rice milk, in addition to regular milk. A very Starbucksy feel with a veggie/vegan twist. Hearty portions for a standard vegan place, still a little bit overpriced I feel (hence the 4 as opposed to 5 stars). Great plane spotting on the patio also.
2	Love this place but was sadly disappointed this morning when I drove away from the drive through excited to savor my mexican mocha only to get a big gulp of pumpkin! Blah! Hopefully I can get back soon to get the right thing.
4	I very rarely go out for lunch, because no one makes healthy like I do...However when I did not have a lunch, I went to good ole reliable yelpers. The Alien burrito was pretty amazing only thing I would say was with hot sauce makes it out of this world!
5	Always pleasure coming here, great vegan options and regular food. Matcha ice green tea is my favorite. Staff is friendly as well.
5	One of my favorite places. I work here, I relax here, I meet friends here, I'm not vegetarian but I eat that here and love every bite. You can't go wrong stopping (or driving thru) by here.
5	The best coffee in Las Vegas hands down. The best cappuccino I've ever imbibed. Alien burritos are delicious and nutritious. Cookies and muffins are baked on site, also highly delicious. Staff is always friendly and place is always filled with people of all walks studying, working or hanging out.
5	I love coming here. The atmosphere is inviting, the staff is always friendly, and the drinks are cheaper than Starbucks. There's nothing cookie-cutter about this little cafe.
5	The alien burrito was amazing! I got it vegan style and didn't expect it to be as good. This place sure does beat going to a Starbucks type of coffee shop. Vegan friendly. would deff go back again!!
5	I love the vegan options, friendly service & DRIVE THRU!!!  The Alien Burrito is a must, make it SPICY
5	This place is definitely one of our absolute favorite places to get a coffee, hang out, read a book, and meet with friends. We pass several Starbucks on our commute. Best lattes we've ever had ( and we are avid latte lovers)
4	Great atmosphere.  Standard pricing.  Good coffee.  Food is ok - they only serve vegan stuff.  Nice to have something in our neck of the woods.
5	I am always out in search for a coffee shop that isn't just another Starbucks. Granite, I LOVE Starbucks but what I LOVE even more is to find a quite little local coffee shop that I can enjoy something new, something fresh, something ORIGINAL.And I have found it! I ordered their Orange Mocha served hot with whip cream and the Batista  that served me had decorated the coffee super nice and even added a little orange peel for Decor! Plus it couldn't have tasted any better! My daughter and her friends ordered hot cocoa that was a perfect temp for the little ones and we were able to sit outside and enjoy our Sunday morning in our beautiful Las Vegas weather.I have returned here many times since and will still go! Plus its always fun to stop by, grab your cup of coffee, then head across the street to the park and watch the amazing little lake that the city has built.****Thanks Sunrise!!!*****
5	Sunrise Coffee will make you WISH you were a vegetarian. I have thought about it for a while and decided that the only way to describe the Alien Burrito is YUM-MAZING. I had to make up a word to describe its tastiness. It is so good that I actually can't eat any more Alien Burritos for a while because I ate one every day for like 3 weeks and over dosed because that is the kind of YUM-addict I am. My inside fat kid never quits.Let me explain how I love coffee: I drink coffee black. I think cream and sugar is for people who hate coffee. I won't drink Folgers unless it is an emergency. Like the kind of emergency where someone died. I am a coffee snob. So it BLEW MY MIND when I realized that Sunrise roasts their coffee beans in house. Are you kidding me, who does that? I'm in love. I don't drink lattes and other coffee drinks but I'm sure they are fantastic, too. It is difficult for me to imagine that anything at Sunrise is anything short of amazing. I'm sure they use real espresso machines and not those automated ones Starbucks switched over to. I'll admit I was a little bit freaked out that they had the iPads for ordering because that is so cool I'm probably too old to be in there. However, the service is super friendly and the hipster vibe is not uncomfortable.I really think this is what Starbucks aspires to be and maybe what it was in its youth. You really owe it to yourself to check out Sunrise if you want to have a real coffee shop experience. I am also going to bring this up at the next vegetarian meeting because I think the Alien Burrito is the holy grail of vegetarian food.
5	So friendly and helpful! What a staff and what a concept. Vegetarian friendly if not encouraged. The only thing missing for me are chess players. I love a blitz game with my coffee. But def try this spot and maybe the fire and brimstone spiced coffee if you feel adventurous, it rocks. They are so ahead of the game, they even accept bitcoin :)
5	Amazing!  This is place feels like a mom and pop operation no big corporation here.  The food is fantastic.  Huge menu all healthy.   Great options.  Don't skip the coffee either....great way to start your day!
5	I absolutely love cute cafes like Sunrise Coffee! Wherever I am, I go on a hunt to find cafes other than the typical Starbucks. At first I only knew of Sambalatte, but it is just way too far away from where I live, but when I found Sunrise Coffee I was relieved because it's only 10 minutes away from me! Anyway, I love how they are vegan. So far I've tried the alien burrito and the creme brulee late and they both taste so good! I am definitely coming back, and I want keep trying new things on the menu.
5	my absolute favorite Coffee shop in town, especially being a vegan. great food and drink! I only wish it was located closer to me. Please, please, please open a central location!
5	Amazing coffee. Come here if you, just like me, is a specialty coffee geek. Note: a medium cappuccino is twice the size of a normal one. We also had granola, the breakfast burrito and some sandwiches. All very tasty. Great tea selection as well!
5	The best coffeehouse in town! I feel like I can totally say that without it being an over exaggeration!They roast their own beans, Mothership Roastwerks, make their own furniture, and employ the nicest, well trained baristas. The food is yummy too; I crave the sandwich with the hummus & sprouts (but always have to read the menu to remember the name).They really care about what they do, and for me to support an indie, I have to see that.So happy to have them in Vegas!
5	Sarah Jane W, and I agree on most things, but the one thing I will always disagree with her on is the fact that she thinks she hates hipsters more than anyone else on yelp. No one hates hipsters more than I do. I grew up in the Japanese districts of LA county and watched in horror as the hipsters infected our districts with their fucking irony and cans of PBR. Within a year, every Japanese resident had moved out, and today Little Tokyo(LA) is a giant unicycle riding orgy of hipsters who don't think they are hipsters, or are too stupid to realize it. I will never forgive the atrocities that hipsters have committed against my people. I feel like the hipsters did to Little Tokyo, what Hitler did to Poland. So, when I was invited to Sunrise Coffee a few months ago, I originally dreaded it, believing that it would be an "ironic" hangout full of handlebar mustaches, black skinny jeans, hot topic button up shirts(the ones that are 1/2 off if you buy one at full price because they are having a limited-time sale that only lasts all fucking year), and instagram girls who dress like that Paramore chick. To my surprise, it wasn't that bad. Came here a while back to have coffee with Daniel S. and "Shurlee Be".  It was incredible! Everyone knows that I'm one of those "truck stop coffee" type of guys, but once in a while I really enjoy one of those fancy latte drinks where the barista makes a smiley cat face in the foam. I believe I got the Pumpkin Spice Latte or it could have been something else. The cup was literally a bucket, it was gigantic. I really like the area, it's right across from Sunset Park, and  a lot of the customers are UNLV undergrads who fail to realize that a loud coffee shop with tons of foot traffic isn't the most productive place to study. In the end, Shirley somehow got our whole bill comped. This was a big relief for me since Jen G. had recently fired me from my job at Burger King, and I have been living off of EBT and my $400 a month unemployment benefits.  I'm happy, I got free coffee and there wasn't any hipster-irony.
5	Long time listener (of good reviews), first time customer on Saturday after Thanksgiving.  This place has good coffee!  Nick had a Spank Me Santa.  Smile.  Yes, a Spank Me Santa.  I just like saying that over and over.  It had marshmallow cream in it, and it was gooooood.  And (added bonus) we ran into a friend so we had a chance to chill and sip.Me, I had to give them the 'ol cappuccino test.  They passed (not surprised, huh?).  But I have to say, I want to go back for a Spank Me Santa.
5	Fantastic coffee that would rival Stumptown if this shop were in Portland, OR.  Being a vegan, I appreciate the options.  During a short visit to vegas I have already patronized Sunrise twice and hope for a third before I leave.  The alien burrito and the saucy wench are fantastic, although the alien is much better.  The coffee is smooth with a very pleasant aftertaste.  Both the latte and the cappuccino came out well.  I have not tried much coffee in vegas, but with the exception of location, there is no other reason to go anywhere other than Sunrise.  Be warned, this place stays busy.  Very friendly staff.  I will miss this place.
5	This place is small and cozy.  I went on a wed. Afternoon and there was no room to sit but I enjoyed my tea outside.  They have great tea and it was served in an actual glass mug.  So great place to bring your laptop.
5	When I am in the area I always order an Iced Vanilla Latte in the drive thru.  Always consistent and deliciously good.  Great change of pace from Starbucks.
2	Coffee was pretty good. We decided to sit outside & they brought us our drink orders  shortly after we ordered it. I got a latte & hubby got the hand crafted horchata. Both were pretty good but I think the latte could have been a bit hotter. The main problem & the reason for the 2 stars is that we also ordered some food that never got brought out to us. Once we were done with our drinks (about 20 mins after we got them) we went inside to see what was up with the food order. I noticed what I thought was our order sitting on the counter & asked if it was ours.. "Oh yeah, we've been calling for it for a while" was their response. I inquired as to why it didn't get brought outside like the drinks were & they said something about the tag or receipt not saying "outside". Really? Our order was all on the same tab & somehow the drinks made it outside to us but not the food? I don't know how long it had been sitting there while other people came up to get their orders & possibly coughed &/or sneezed on our food. Ick. I might return again but maybe just for the coffee & that's a BIG might.
5	I love this place!  Amazing coffee, food and service. It is 5 minutes away from my job and is my favorite place to get lunch at, when I'm a hurry I use the drive-thru and is excellent service too. I usually order a hazelnut latte or  green tea latte, the alien burrito is to die for and I love the vegan carrot cake. You definitely need to check this place out!!
4	Ordered the Nom Nom burrito this morning for breakfast with a peach iced tea.  After some time I finally got to try this place.  Honestly, there's something about the simplicity of their ingredients that I love.  The taste was simple, clean, and delicious!  I would go there again; next time I'll try their coffee.
3	Great place to grab coffee with a friend or with your laptop- wifi is free, hallelujah! Ask the barista for the password, seems to change frequently.Love how this place also has a patio- would be great in the spring. For now, in the winter, I guess it's a haven for smokers. Had the nutella special coffee- very, very sweet. Unable to finish it.  The white chocolate raspberry scone was delightful though- it looked a little misshapen but tasted great, and it was one of the only things they had left in the pastry case. Either they sell out fast or they don't make much, so maybe not a great place to go hungry.
5	Stopped here a couple of time while we were in Vegas and loved it. They have a variety of non-dairy milks, including my favorite, almond milk. They also have fantastic, unique flavors, like the nutella. DELICIOUS. It's a drive-through, which is great. Didn't try any of the food, so I can only speak for the coffee. I thought mine was perfect. Hubby thought his could use some more flavor. So if you're the kind of person who has to add sugar and cream to every cup of coffee, maybe ask for a few extra pumps in your latte.
5	This is one of the best coffee places in Las Vegas. A huge bonus is that they have amazing vegan options for lunch and snacks. One thing to mention is if you like your coffee hot rather than warm, ask for your order to be made 'extra hot'.
5	What?! Where did this place come from?! Prices are CHEAP and coffee is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! No, seriously... wow. Mouth watering coffee with incredible service and a low low cost. I wish I lived in Las Vegas just so this could be my local coffee shop. There is nothing else to say.
4	I stop by the place with my pup on the days when we make a trip back to California.  I've been getting their croissant sandwich, a muffin (lemon poppyseed if they have it) usually a chai tea latte.  Their croissant sandwich is delicious.  When I first ordered this, I wasn't sure what to expect - I thought I would be just getting fried eggs on a croissant, which is fine, I love eggs. Their croissant wich has egg, lettuce, avocado, tomatoes, and a bit of mayo. So good!  I love their lemon poppy seed muffin, and having tried their banana nut muffin, just as yummy. The top of the muffin has that crispy right from the oven texture. A total perk is that my pup gets a doggy treat sometimes! Love that they are vegetarian and vegan friendly and are also animal lovers!
5	Great bunch of people that work and own this little coffee shop. Tasty frapps. Great atmosphere free WiFi.  I'll b back...
5	Sunrise is my go to coffee shop. Super friendly service and high quality coffee, good and pastries are what keep me coming back. They serve almond milk, major plus!  One time I received a gift card from a friend for Sunrise, it wasn't loaded up properly so the owner called me, apologized and added several extra dollars to the gift card!  It's little things like that, that make this place a gem!!!
5	Love this coffee shop! Their drip coffee is really good and never bitter. Also they always make cute coffee art in my cappuccinos and macchiatos. It's nice that they use real coffee mugs and glasses. I also like the food (nom nom burrito, croissants with butter and jam, pumpkin muffin thingy). They have vegetarian and vegan options if you're into that. And I think they use free-trade, organic stuff, roast their own beans and use eco-friendly paper products. They have a lot of seating and power outlets (plus free wifi!) for a small coffee shop but it does get crowded by mid afternoon. The outdoor patio area is nice with just enough shade and they have bowls for water and treats for my dogs. The drive through is convenient, never slow, and they always give my dogs treats. Yes there have been times when my order has come out slow or they forgot something but they've always made it right by giving me a free drink and owning up and apologizing. Get a stamp card too!
5	Best Coffee Shop in Vegas. Hands down... And that's saying a lot... Wish I had a similar shop on the East Side of L.A., (a couple on the West Side rival though)
5	Best coffee shop I have been to in Vegas.
5	I love this place! Most of the coffee shops/cafes in the city forget that not everyone drinks coffee, but not this place! There's a huge variety of teas and tea lattes that you can order. The food is good, too, with kind of a veggie/vegan focus. Everyone is super nice and the ambience is really nice. It's a great place to meet someone for a 1st date or to study or hang out. It can get busy, though, so a seat isn't always a guarantee.
5	Two words: nutella latte. And a few more words: even better 1/2 sweet with almond milk. Oh, and: alien burrito. But seriously, I really like Sunrise Coffee. It's a quaint little hipster joint in the middle of nowhere on Sunset but it's well worth the trek cause let's be honest, no one lives around where it's located.  The menu offers plenty of options for coffee beverages and foods. They are able to make most items regular, vegetarian, or vegan. So everybody wins!The alien burrito is seriously addicting. Coming from a meat and rice girl, I love this dish and am fully satisfied with everything in it. It's just deliciousness wrapped up in a red or green tortilla.This place has spoiled me though. Because their lattes are so good, it's hard to order a latte elsewhere now because you know it just won't be as good as the Sunrise lattes.So if you're in the area and want some yummy coffee or food, or even if you aren't, Sunrise Coffee won't disappoint.
5	In a hurry to get to the dog park (so sayeth the dog), so drove through to get an orange mocha and nom nom burrito with no tomatoes.Mocha is awesome.Upon sitting down to eat burrito - EXTRA tomatoes!! Blech....ptooey....Played with dog, drank mocha, returned to Sunrise. They were super nice. Apologetic. Replaced my burrito with a freshly made one, and gave me stamps on my card so the next one is free.These folks are a class act, and my new nom nom was nomalicious.
5	This is my favorite coffee spot in town!  You can really taste the high quality of the coffee and syrup they use in their delicious lattes.  I recommend the caramel latte and Nom Nom burrito.  The staff is so friendly, professional, and efficient.  Love it!
5	I have become addicted to the Nutella latte. The food is delish too! And the service is always fantastic!!!!!!!
5	Off the beaten path but absolutely incredible coffee. It's a hipsters dream come true (was totally out of place but would go back everyday if I could). Would recommend to any coffee drinker out there.
5	By far the best coffee shop in Vegas. The staff is polite and it's just a cool little place to meet up with a friend and enjoy a latte in a REAL cup. Try the campfire latte.
5	Thee best cappuccino in this city. Coffee period.
3	Just ordered to go on the phone and the girl was rude. I don't need my Nom Nom burrito to taste negative.
5	We have been around to all the cafes in East Las Vegas and found all the coffee to be too acidic, bitter and of a low quality, (One of the worst on the list is McDonald's with the runner up being Starbucks) but by far the best one is Sunrise Coffee. The coffee is the best made with arabica beans. The coffee is roasted and brewed right at the cafe. The servers are very pleasant and accommodating. When you go there ask for some of my favorite servers which are Mike, Alisa, Michele, and Jet! They will fulfill all of your needs.Peace Monet
5	There is a 10-15 minute wait time as they make each food item as you order but who cares if they are so fresh and so good?! Home of the alien burrito and the best, the freshest tofurky sandwich in town!
3	I refuse to be caught in anybody else's hype. I will for now base my three stars on the atmosphere, staff and single menu item I ordered. I was on my way to the office and decided to detour because I had heard so much about this place. I went in and instantly liked the vibe .... A coffee shop... But not corporate.... Also not hipster.... Just their own. The guy at the front counter had a smile on his face and ALSO a style all his own. I hate coffee houses that make employees where uniform. So I was glad to see him as an individual, with an apron. :)I ordered the s'mores latte iced. I liked it....  I did. I really did, but I'm a coffee geek AND HATE not tasting THE BEAN in my drink. I guess every true test is to order an iced black coffee or hot black .... Seeing as how I did neither I will table this review as I intend to revisit! Any recommendations are welcome!!!
5	Cute Spot. Will definitely be back. Must try the teas. Latte was delicious. Staff was very friendly.
4	This is a super cute coffee shop! While not much to look at from the outside, it is very comfortable and cozy inside. There are couches, comfortable seating, and even a bookshelf full of things to read if you want to pass the time. There are also plenty of outlets for your laptops or mobile devices.The staff was all very polite, and I really liked the fancy tablets they used to take your order. Although initially my order was incorrect, they promptly rectified the situation. The caramel vanilla latte I got was delicious! They make it with a fancy design on the froth, too.I thought that the prices were fair (slightly lower than Starbucks), and I very much enjoyed my experience.
1	They should properly train baristas. I tried ordering a medium iced latte with almond milk and ristretto shots the girl didn't know what ristretto meant and said that they don't  even pull fresh shots for iced drinks, that they're already pulled and on ice. EW. I'm sorry but if you claim to be such a great coffee shop you should know what the heck you're doing and so should your employees. Also they could be a tad bit nicer and work on their customer service skills. The girls are all snobs and suck at their jobs. Thanks for watered down iced jasmine. Cheers
5	Finally dragged out my hubby and what?  I didn't have ANY idea that they roasted their own beans under the name Mothership Coffee Roasters.  On our visit this morning, the place was packed and buzzing with caffeinated conversation.  We grabbed a couple of seats at the long table by the front door and started chatting with our table mates; this is something that other coffee places in Vegas don't have or encourage IMO.  My latte was lovely, creamy, and smooth while hubby's espresso was "better than Sambalatte's."  We wanted to buy a pound of espresso beans, but were told that they wouldn't have any to sell until 9am the next morning.  "That's too bad," we bemoaned, "as we live on the complete other side of town."  To our complete delight, Mikey said he'd bag a pound for us right then and there.  And he did!  And we bought!  And now we're at home ready to indulge once again. Thank you for going out of your way for us, Sunrise.  See you soon!
5	I LOVE THIS COFFEE SHOP!!!I am impressed with Sunrise Coffee for so many reasons, but mainly because they are doing RIGHT what so many other coffee shops fail to do: An EXCELLENT cup of coffee!!! It's been my mission to find authentic, handcrafted espresso drinks in Vegas, and I have finally found it in Sunrise. It's my only "go to" coffee shop from here on out, I don't care that it's across town, it's more than worth it. It's so perfect, reminds me of the great coffee houses of Northern California and the Pacific Northwest, but on a smaller scale. It's very clean and modern, the employees were friendly and had a refreshing attitude. Their espresso is the best I've had in Las Vegas, and it's close to the airport and has a drive thru! So crazy in love with this place. WOW!!!
5	Dude!!!  Its that unexplainable thing that some Coffee shops have and some don't.  This one's got it!!!  Great atmosphere, great food, great service.  Had Black coffee and 2, yes 2, Vegan Cinnamon Rolls.  Great!!  Sat in lounge and traded stocks on my smart phone for awhile.  Love the place.  No groupon. :(
5	Very good!  Went on a lunch date here today.  Was looking for a nice place in Vegas I hadn't tried before, and felt like some vegetarian food.  I ordered their iced London Fog tea with almond milk, an Alien Burrito, and also a cinnamon roll to share.  The food and drink were both delicious!  And there is a very nice park across the street if you'd like to take your food to go picnic style.  Inside is small but nicely decorated and cozy feeling.  Will definitely be coming back, and next time getting their Nutella latte, sounds delicious.
5	The food and service is fantastic.  I felt very 'in-touch' with my inner self and should consider bringing the yoga mat next time.  It is just so organic!  Namaste!  It has a drive thru...
5	Best Coffee in Vegas, hands down, although I always get the same Heavy Creme Lattee, still, it's awesome!
4	Love their Lattee with heavy cream! I used to be a Starb$$ks fan, but this place raised the bar! It reminds me of the coffee houses in Seattle.The service is also nice and fast. They know their coffee and how to make it!
5	Vegan Alien Burrito is the only thing I eat for lunch 365 days a year.
5	The vegan food options are great, the baristas are talented and the atmosphere is unbeatable. I love to work here, meet clients here and just hang out here.
5	Not what I expected. It almost looked like a starbucks when I walked in BUT BOY WAS I WRONG Best coffee I have ever had! Beautiful foam designs on every coffee.. Lots of vegan choices, sandwiches, burritos, pastries, an outstanding vegan muffin and regular egg breakfast type sandwiches. A fantastic fun find and a must if you are vegan. Unique and Good
5	Great coffee spot with a great group of people that work there. Their coffee and food are awesome. These are the kind of spots that I hope the community continues to support. If you enjoy black coffee like I do, they know how to do pour overs right. The Alien burrito and Egg Sandwich are delicious.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!I first walked in and saw this place was cozy and warm. Instantly greeted by the staff with smiles. Got into a nice conversion with with cashier about random stuff. Coffee selection was amazing! Ordered the truffleberry latte. Best coffee I have ever had in my life. Me and my girlfriend were dancing to 80s music at our table. The staff saw us and proceeded to play even more 80s music just for us! Favorite coffee joint in Vegas hands down! It's inexpensive as well.
5	Great coffee choices. I like how my coffee arrived in a giant mug. Great atmosphere to study in with a friend.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  Haven't tried the food yet, but will do next time.
5	They have good coffee.
5	The wife and I visited Sunrise Coffee around brunch time, it was a great experience.-We sat outside, enjoyed the beautiful weather, and the great food.  I ordered the Nom Nom Burrito again...delicious; with a wonderful iced black tea.  The tea was awesome; I can't wait to have one when it's 120 degrees outside, what a relief that will be!-We were lucky enough to have been sitting next to the Owner of the Baguette Cafe.  Oliver is very picky about where and what he eats; he really trusts the ingredients here at Sunrise Coffee; he says it's the place for vegan/vegetarian fare.
5	I went to Sunrise Coffee for the first time today because of the awesome reviews it had on here and it was even better than I expected.  Very cozy place inside, friendly staff... All around good vibes. I had a caramel latte & an alien burrito. Both were amazing. I would definitely recommend this place & I definitely will be going back.
5	Only been here once, (on a weekday) and It was a pleasant experience from the staff and everything my friend and I ordered.  I love the outdoor seating, pretty quiet and chill. I tried the raved about alien burrito and it definitely did not dissapoint! I also tried the butter beer latte and it was good as well. I will definitely come back!!
5	#familyowned #shoplocal Feels a bit like one of those soulful coffee stops in downtown Albuquerque but with a Vegas twist of course. Love this place. Love it's vibe, it's morals and standards and all the good work it does in our community. Everyone knows that each of us has our own coffee preferences so it hard to recommend something, however, this place has a unique and extensive menu in case your feeling adventurous.
5	Best coffee shop in Vegas. Food is always great and staff are always friendly. Vegan coffee cake is amazing!
5	I took my two daughters to Sunrise Coffee today and it was an awesome experience for us. When we visit a new restaurant as a family (that is meant for kids to visit), I am critical on how my children are treated. The staff did not disappoint. They were busy but were working hard on getting orders out. The latte was yummy and my girls loved the pastries. At one point one off girls spilled her drink on accident and the staff was so kind. They helped clean it up and brought her a new drink. That act right there won me over and we will be back. The young man who helped clean up chatted away with us as he mopped it up and reassured my daughter that it happens often and not to worry. I am also a huge fan of the vegan options. The drinks can be made with almond or rice milk. Hurray! We use both often at home instead of cow milk. My younger daughter was super happy to be able to order a chocolate milk with rice milk. We don't find that too often around here. I look forward to making more trips to Sunrise Coffee.
5	Vegas is not a town with a lot of Coffee places, but Sunrise Coffee is wonderful. Great coffees, great lunch choices and a casual easy going atmosphere. Love meeting friends here for an afternoon cup or lunch and sitting outside when its not too hot.
2	Wow drive thru was slow. Either that or the damn person in front of me was picky as shit
5	Amazing coffee, all natural food, and genuinely friendly waitstaff! The best way to start off my Vegas trip...
5	I love Sunrise Coffee!  Their wraps are so good (alien burrito, nom nom) and I love the fact you can get them "vegan".  It's great to see businesses accommodate to various diets.  Their coffee is the best.  The butterbeer and truffleberry lattes are my favorite.  I get iced lattes and they serve them in mason jars which is adorable.  Not overly pricey either.  They play great music!  They have a drive through which is also convenient.  They have a jug of water set out and glasses next to it, somewhat of a rare find in coffee shops.  I bought coffee beans from them and that coffee was really good as well.  One last thing, they have my favorite workers of all the coffee shops in Vegas!  Their employees are exactly what you'd want and expect from a cute little coffee shop.  Super friendly and always happy.  Being a college student that loves coffee I tend to frequent coffee shops, and this is by far my favorite one.  It's pretty far from where I live but I'm willing to make the drive.
5	Awesome service. Nutella Latte--- need I say more?? DEEEEelicious. Lots of options. super fast. Way better than starbucks.
5	Wifey and I have our coffee date almost every Sunday morning here.  The hot Mocha is AWESOME!!!  Goes great with a breakfast egg croissant and a bagel with cream cheese.  Don't forget to try their Alien Burrito - Vegan Style . . . :)
4	I am not a coffee drinker, but live nearby and frequent sunset park, so convenient to meet a friend for a chat.  It was busy, but not packed.  I did like the water station with lemon water in a nice self service bar.  Nice touch, especially for someone that doesn't drink anything other than water more than not.  I ordered a breakfast croissant.  The croissant was nice and flaky and all ingredients were fresh.  The sandwich was a little on the high side for a breakfast sandwich, but it was a good size and filling.  I would meet a friend here again when I need to have "coffee" with someone.  I wouldn't normally leave a yelp, since I am not really a coffee drinker, but was surprised and happy to see such a thriving little spot on the east side.
5	Their Hakuna Matata herbal tea is out of this world!! I added some agave nectar to it just as the nice cashier suggested, and I was definitely impressed. The service was fast and friendly, I'll be sure to stop by here again. :) They even have a drive through!!
4	I have been on the hunt for a perfect coffee spot. I work from home, and love mixing it up scenery. Let's hit the basics:1. The location is right off the main drag making it a pretty straight shot to get to. 2. Convenience Factor: There is a drive-thru which is perfect if you are on the go. If you are here to stay, there is ample parking!3. Ambiance: There is the cutest outdoor seating area that makes you forget that you are essentially surrounded by a parking lot. This is a "Don't Judge a Book by its Cover" kind of shop. What I mean by that is from the outside, you are not sure it is going to be anything special, especially if you don't see the outdoor seating. When you walk in, you immediately feel at home. It is spacious and offers plenty of seating. The lighting is dim and relaxing and the music is not played so loud that you cannot hear yourself think. It is the perfect spot to work, study, or just meet a friend. Don't believe, go check it out and you can see people doing all of the above!4. The good stuff: I was excited to hear that all of the coffee was organic! They only roast a medium blend which at first was off-putting but it was a delightful cup of coffee! The barista was extremely friendly and helpful. Since I was there to stay, my coffee was served in a nice ceramic mug. I did not try the food this trip, but their pastries look delicious and their vegan options are impressive!My final thought is about the climate! If you spend several hours in a coffee shop like I do, temperature is important! Some cafe's seem to freeze people out or some get too hot - since you don't control the temperature, this is important! The temperature was great all day. Not too hot, not cold. It was honestly just right. I will definitely be coming back!
4	A very likable coffee spot which boasts an in house roastery. I have visited before and the roasting is an improvement over prior visits. Equally welcome is the Hario V-60 as their chosen pour over device, it is just better than a Bonmac or similar device with a slow flow rate.That said this is a scant four stars. The roasting and bean selection still has room to improve. This reviewer would like to see more brightness and fruit notes. The drinks are huge too, a Piccolo will net you a full 8 ounces of milk plus espresso. I was also slightly insulted when i asked about a Gibraltar or Cortado style drink that was not on the menu but the did have the proper glassware. I would have accepted "no, sorry" but i was told that because of the style of shots the do that their machines would have to be recalibrated to do that. Having worked in a coffee shop before i can tell you that's false.Don't get me wrong, i do recommend Sunrise, the pastries are better and more affordable than say Sambalatte. Their happy hour can't be beat if you can take your caffeine after 8pm.
4	Love the coffee and breakfast burritos and friendly service always. Not a regular coffee drinker but when I do, I love good coffee and they have it in spades. Come get your coffee on, you won't be disappointed.
5	Try the Carmel Latte and the Creme Brulee Latte. Nice place to chill out. Sunrise Coffee House reminds of the coffee lounges I use to frequent in SD. For all of those pretentious starbuck coffee drinkers. Please, do not bring your nasty attitudes to this place! There are far too few good coffee lounges like this left, especially in LV.
5	Sunrise Coffee is kind of a hipster cafe that we see in San Francisco or Portland.That was the first thing we missed when we moved to Las Vegas, but with Sunrise and Sambalatte, no longer.We just need more places like this, but I'm sure Sunrise Coffee will thrive in this caffeinated modern times of laptop generations.
5	My ultimate favorite coffee shop! REAL coffee, none of that watered down starbucks stuff and i'm not a starbucks snob at all, this place is just better..in almost every aspect haha. I'm not even really an avid  coffee drinker but their coffee actually has a delicious, rich flavor and even gives me the caffeine I need (gives me a better boost than 5 hour energy). You can also pick up a bag of their mothership coffee for home :)My favorite to get is their iced truffle berry. It's raspberry chocolate flavored coffee and wow it's just soo addicting! I also enjoy their smore, butter beer (sounds weird but trust me, it's amazing), white mocha, mint mocha, caramel, creme brulee and well, I guess all of their flavors haha! Everything I've tried has been great including their nomnom and alien burrito! I'm not vegan or vegetarian but those burritos were soo good that I don't feel like I'm missing out on any meat. They also have a great selection of teas and pastries. The prices are great as well! My large iced truffle berry is under $5 and they also offer a "happy hour", I have to double check what time it starts though, sorry! All of the workers are really friendly, and 95% of the time has been pretty fast. The inside is very cozy, and they also have a little outdoor seating area. Sometimes it's hard to find a spot because a lot of people like to bring their laptops and work but it's always nice just to to-go and have a picnic across the street at sunset park. I just love this place :)
3	Friendly vibe but coffee really was far from good.  I've traveled the US and was pumped to check this place out based on reviews.  A local foodie friend told me to avoid it for the very reason I described and I tried it anyways.  Mistake.  I will definitely be exploring other places instead of coming back.
5	Such amazing coffee. The best I've ever had. Everything there is good. You can't go wrong.
5	Great place to relax with free wifi. Best coffee in Vegas, along with some great food.
5	Lately, I've had to come to Vegas for work. I didn't think finding a good cap or latte would be difficult but my initial trip to Sin City proved me wrong. Everything I tried was just a varied theme of Starbucks. Fortunately, my friend's daughter told me about Sunrise. Needless to say as a San Franciscan I was skeptical but Sunrise uses bold flavored beans in their espresso drinks and the finished product is quite tasty. So luckily when I'm away from home I have a quality place to get my morning cap. I highly recommend it and you won't be disappointed.
5	My favorite coffee place in Las Vegas. The coffee is amazing, staff is super friendly and their nom nom burrito is one of the most heavenly things I've ever tasted. Great place to spend some time on the laptop, I love getting work done here while sipping a yummy orange mocha. If you're vegan or vegetarian, you will love their food selection. Can't say enough great things about this place!!!
5	This place has helped me get away from more mainstream coffee shops... Now, when I have coffee some other place, I use Sunrise as a comparison! It is a bit of a drive from my home, but it is absolutely worth it! I always get the London Fog with almond milk, and their egg croissant sandwich is to die for! Everything is fresh and free from being microwaved. Keep up the amazing work!!
5	Amazing coffee and pastries. Good studying environment. Free wifi, with a good strong signal!
5	Probably one of the best lattes, if not the best latte, I've had this year.
5	I can't say enough good things about this coffee house! Great food and even better staff. Coffee is not too bad, either! LOL MH
4	I've gone here a bunch of times, and for sure their Alien Burrito is their most delicious menu item.I love that they have big, tasty, VEGAN entrees (vegan only upon request) that are reasonably priced. The free, crisp cold water is also a big plus. And the patio is nice.What I don't love is their cold beverage selection, because it's so EXPENSIVE yet has such little content that permits such a cost. In other words, their blended drinks are a total ripoff.I go here solely for the vegan burrito. However, last time I came here, it made me feel sick and nauseous. To be fair, I'm not sure it was due to that particular burrito; I had been eating somewhat cleanly (60% raw vegan) at the time, so it may have just been a big hit of sodium, or process foods that I wasn't used to.
5	This place is pretty RAD, and the hot almond milk latte could give Starbucks a run for their  money. Oh, wait, Starbucks doesn't have Almond or Rice milk (Sunrise does). The service was #awesomesauce and the atmosphere was #hip coffee house all the way around. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Sunrise Coffee came highly recommended.  I finally made it in two weeks again and it quickly became one of my favorite places!  I dig their Nom Nom breakfast burrito and iced jasmine tea.  My boyfriend and I recently tried the Alien burrito (w/ vegan substitutes) and we both loved it!!  The vegan brownies are simply divine!  Inside/outside or drive-thru is all the same...whatever tickles your fancy.  This place is consistently good with stellar service.  You have to try it!!
5	Tons of vegan food and drink options. I am a big fan of their pastry happy hour-- really tasty stuff. Their espresso is killer. They have a great staff, too.
5	I am a coffee snob and this place definitely delivers! I am also vegan and it is impossible to find coffee shops that have vegan pastries and food items, but guess what?!! They have an incredible selection of vegan pastries! The vegan blueberry and pumpkin chocolate chip muffins are delish! Also, in my opinion you haven't lived until you've had their Alien burrito! I haven't tried anything else off of their menu because that is so good! Their specialty lattes are also a treat and the best come winter here in Vegas! My favorite coffee shop in town hands down!
5	I love this place  great customer service, coffee is absolutely delicious. They have an outdoor seating and a drive thru for convenience. I will definitely be back.
5	Hands down the best coffee shop in town - the people who work there are super nice and really make you want to go back. The drinks are delicious and a lot of thought went into them, especially ones like their S'mores milkshake (and yes, they can make that vegan). You can get classics like vanilla lattes or caramel fraps but there's a bunch of cool options on their menu like horchatas, tropical smoothies, or Nutella flavored beverages. My husband and I have been coming here for 3 years now. We've tried about half of their menu and there are so many good drinks that we're always ordering different favorites.The food is super yummy and their food menu also breaks the traditional coffee shop mold. There are a ton of vegan and gluten free options. I'm a huge fan of the vegan versions of the Saucy Wench and Nom Nom Burritos. My husband likes the egg croissant sandwiches and the Morning Crumbles. The more run of the mill coffee shop treats like muffins are always moist and high quality. If you can get around to trying the vegan coffee cake, cinna rolls, or blueberry muffins I highly recommend it! They are the BEST if you ask them to warm it up for you. They also have vegan butter to go with it. We go there often enough to recognize the different baristas but since they don't wear name tags I've never known who to name to leave a compliment for. I finally got around to asking some of them what their name was (and hopefully didn't sound too creepy!) - Michelle and May are consistently friendly, sincere and helpful. The two of them and the manager who does their woodwork, provide some of the best customer service experiences this city has to offer. The three of them are all really great and super nice. They really do make the experience.Definitely try this place if you have a chance, the atmosphere is way better than a Starbucks and there's a 99% chance your drink will taste better! (:
5	There's a local feel here.  I wish I lived closer to it, it's kind of far from everything but worth the drive.  The coffee is perfect every time and they bring in local baked good.  The staff is great, except one but perhaps she was having an extremely bad day.  Can't wait to get more coffee now that I've moved to town!
5	Today was my first trip to sunrise coffee and to say I was impressed is an understatement. I have known about the shop for quite some time, knowing that they have an abundance of vegan coffee options as well as breakfast foods. However, I have never made it over to the shop because the menu online, while offering a number of vegan breakfast options, never really hooked me. Well I finally went and... WOW! The staff was super friendly and helpful, offering up their ideas for what coffee I should get as my first. I went with a simple almond milk French vanilla iced latte and got my bf a regular iced caramel vanilla latte. Their fresh baked goods display hooked me, and I couldn't walk out without a chocolate coconut muffin (gluten free AND vegan!). They had an amazing array of vegan baked goods and their menu is even more extensive than shown online. I cannot wait to go back and enjoy another delicious iced latte such as the smores or Nutella flavor, and try a gluten free/vegan bagel. Mmm.
5	The Croissant egg sandwich is delicious!!
5	I absolutely love this place! I love the atmosphere, the employees, the coffee, I'm not vegan or vegetarian but I still love their pastries and food selection. Even the music they play is awesome! Only thing I didn't like was the tempeh wrap, it was very bitter And I am a fan of tempeh so that was disappointing, however when I told them I didn't like it they were kind enough to make me a different dish without any hesitation, I'll be a regular for sure (especially during happy hour!)
5	Absolutely love this little coffee shop! It's easy to miss if you're not looking for it, so be careful to not drive right past it! I never thought I would be someone to eat/like vegan food, but when I tried the alien burrito there I fell in love. I usually get a chai tea latte from Starbucks, and when I ordered a chai tea latte from Sunrise Coffee I was extremely impressed, sorry Starbucks! The workers there are extremely nice and welcoming and they have a really cool, hipster ambiance.
3	Strengths. The coffee was delicious, and the ambience was relaxed. Areas of opportunity. The service is a bit lacking. After the person in front of me was helped, it was at least one minute before anyone acknowledged that I was standing there. It's understandable if additional tasks need to be done before taking my order, but say to your customer, "I'll be with you in just a moment." By not doing so, the customer feels awkward and you miss an opportunity to show you want their business. No one introduced themselves. As a result, there was another missed opportunity to make a connection. A simple, "Welcome to Sunrise Coffee. My name's ________, and you are?" can go a long way toward making a loyal customer. There was no conversation made. This is another missed an opportunity to build rapport with your customer. As a result, there was no relationship started. Try, "How's your morning going so far?" or "Is this your first time here?"Overall, I was satisfied, but I have no compelling reason to make this a regular spot. If it's convenient, I'll go, but otherwise, I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
1	VEGANS BEWARE: I suggest you check your order before you leave this business. I had eggs in my so called vegan burrito and the other one i ordered was completely wrong. I believe it was the new hires fault. Tall Hispanic fellow. I don't feel like he knows what "VEGAN" means. :(
5	I have been a customer for years. You can defiantly tell that this little local (very special) coffee shop turned into a huge success and  it's great! I do miss how the employees would be more one on one with you instead of like the Starbucks attitude most of the time, but I'll forgive them since they are always busy (drinks/food and people must go out! It is, a coffee shop).  I do recommend the Iced Carmel Latte mmmmm. The NomNom burrito (breakfast burrito) is rad.
5	Best coffee in vegas.  Food is handmade by people who care.  Roast their own coffee.  Pour over coffee.  Nam Nam wrap is my go to breakfast.
5	What is there NOT to like about this place? I have heard too many good things, it was time I found out for myself. After about 5 visits, I am hooked and would be happy coming here daily. The first thing I noticed unique about this place, the flavors of lattes they offer. Mexican mocha, creme brulee, truffle berry, and nutella. Of course they have classic coffees and americanos too, but I was sold on all these options. The service is fast and on point. If I come inside they always ask me, "for here or to go" even if I only order a drink. The one time I did stay in, I ordered a cinnamon roll that they offered to heat up for me and it literally was the best one I have ever had. There is a drive-thru for those who stay in their pjs. Just an all around good coffee joint, with even better people serving you.
4	Great tea, great vegan burritos, I wish I could come here more often. The vegan "alien" burrito is worth trying. I haven't had the coffee here, but other people that I was with had it and said it was good. I hope they offer more vegan options soon, but the variety they have now is great and better than you'd find in most coffee shops.
4	Can never go wrong with any if their cup o' Joe's. Love the Nutella and creme brulee lattes.Their wraps are always a treat and music selection is always nice and mellow vibes. Sometimes it can get crowded, but they recently re-did their patio area and it has more seating and shade.
5	Sunrise is my favorite study spot. I'd also be so bold as to claim that they make the best espresso drinks in town- trust me, I've searched. The vibe is hipster, but not condescending. They will call your drink by name and also greet you by name when you return- gotta love that "Cheers" feel. Love the big table and semi-plentiful amount of outlets for work time. Great for vegetarians and vegans- they've got all the milk alternatives on tap.
4	So happy we found this place! We were on the way to sunset park and were craving a new coffee shop aside from the typical Starbucks! fresh food and the dirty chai iced latte was perfect!! Only thing I would suggest is if u don't like really sweet drinks ask for it half sweet! Got a delicious drink in our hands and were off to the park ! :)
5	Yep, still 5 stars, freaking love this place.  The only problem I have is getting the to-go coffee to my destination as I usually have it killed by the next light.  Staff is always awesome!
4	When my friends and I were in Vegas we accidently took a 20 minute cab ride to try out Sunrise Cafe because they are one of the few places I could find that serve a non-sit down vegan breakfast in Vegas. WHY we didn't drive, is beyond me... we walk in and there is no menu board.. let's just say my friends almost gang jumped me out of pure frustration that we just cabbed it for a cup of coffee. We all immediately walk out to re-group... while they are outside steaming, I walk back in to scope the scene because I KNOW they have food. AH-HA! I found the paper menus on the counter. I head out side and hand my friends the menu, truly relieved that we didn't just cab it for coffee. The coffee I ordered was spot on, so good. I ordered the infamous Alien burrito and it was amazing. Everyone was super satisfied with breakfast (THANKFULLY - or I would have never heard the end of it)...The only problem is how far it is from the strip...but I'm pretty sure the cabby took the LONG route.
5	Forever love this place!!!! The coffee is one of a kind, such a unique flavor. Teas a delicious and refreshing (hot or cold). The food omg is amazing! The alien wrap is so good any time of day! When I eat there I feel very refreshed and clean. Not to mention the staff is just incredible. Such a wonderful group of people!! Atmosphere is so calm and relaxing and friendly. You feel like family here!!
2	I used to like this place a lot and it was my go to every time I came through Vegas to play a show. However, it has slowly started going downhill. Not in the way of how it looks or the popularity or the customer service... But in the way of the taste and the quality of the coffee. Ever since they switched their coffee provider from Klatch Coffee to Mothership Coffee Roasters, the taste of the coffee has suffered drastically.Sorry Sunrise, you just aren't the same as you used to be. My friend also got an Ethiopian French Press that tasted like dirt.The only redeeming quality of this place is the food, the alien burrito is still delicious.Please return to using good roasters for your coffee provider.
5	Us geezers like to complain about the younger generation's lack of manners, customer service, and work ethics. Come here and your faith will be restored in humanity. These kids work hard and really care. Service is efficient and courteous. Food and beverages are exceptional. Any issues are dealt with in good humor and with genuine concern for a mutually beneficial outcome. The leadership here is obviously superior. If only they could teach this to every fast food manager in the industry.In a word: nice. In two words: yum.
2	I really, really try to like this place.  They've done alot in terms of how the place looks.  And they employ lots of hipsters so I can't help but feel a little hipster myself when I spend a little time slinging some code on my Macbook Pro.  Just speaking to my experience, I always find about 1 out of every 4 employees that provide decent customer service.  This morning's visit did it in for me.  I ordered a blueberry muffin which looked great but tasted like cardboard.  Maybe I don't have a vegan palette or something but I'm a big eater and to find things I can't stomach are very few and far between.  Also, I had to wait 15 minutes for a bottled water.  A bottled water!  I'm a black iced coffee drinker, so this place serves just as good black iced coffee as any place.  In closing, place looks great, staffed with cool looking people, and with good wi-fi but lacking in good food and good service.
5	I highly recommend Sunrise Coffee! My husband and I absolutely loved it!! (We are vegan.)  We went to Vegas with my family-- and we knew that there weren't very many vegan options in there, but did a little bit of research and found Sunrise Coffee. We had breakfast there and had a lovely experience.  The staff was super friendly--they seemed they were happy at their work place-- and the atmosphere was so chill, healthy and Eco-conscious! I had the "Tofurky (vegan) 'which" and my husband had the "Granola Happy for my Tummy". Mmmm!!! I was in love. Because I am trying to get my parents to eat healthier, I took them each a vegan "Nom Nom Burrito" and "Tofurky 'Which". They absolutely loved it and the next day we all went there to eat breakfast again. My parents were so happy to eat healthy and fresh after being out in the casinos for 2 nights in a row.I love how Sunrise Coffee has VEGAN options, sells fair trade coffee, and has Eco-conscious messages and plates, forks, napkins and cups. As I mentioned, the staff is so friendly and give lost of smiles. What a great place to eat and hang out! Next time we  go to Vegas we will be stopping by there for breakfast again!
5	Always have since day one going here and always will love this place.I was surprised that I have not been here for a while and one of the young ladies there remembered me, the food I eat and how I like my tea.  They have the best black tea I have ever had and for someone to remember you when you are only a customer is amazing.I highly recommend this place for food and drink as well as a great place to just hang out.
5	The Cappuccinos always have cute art! And definitely try the Alien Burrito. Its to die for!
4	One of our favorite coffee places in Vegas! Yummy fun coffee flavors.  Nutella Lattes and sugar cookie lattes during the holidays are my favorite.  Husband loves the orange mocha.  I also like the butterscotch coffee, really sweet though taste like the candies we used to eat when we were little.And not sure if it's the mayo or what but their breakfast sandwiches are so good.  There just sandwiches but something about them makes them so tasty.  Must be the fresh ingredients and again maybe special mayo :)Cool place, yummy food and great coffee!
4	I have given them another chance and they have won me over again. The coffee itself is really good and strong. I have yet to retry the food and the portion sizes but I do wish they offered larger whole bean coffee bag quantities other than 12oz.
2	I used to love this place and it always tasted amazing. I believe they partnered with Whole Foods or changed suppliers but it definitely doesn't have that quality it used to. The first sip doesn't make me think "wow" like I had before. So sad to see it go downhill. I used to come everyday when I craved this place. I've been out of town for awhile and since visited this place the last two times have left me quite unsatisfied. Sorry Sunrise, I won't rave about you to friends anymore.
5	Sambalatte is my go to on my side of town but when the occasion calls for it or when I find myself craving no nonsense coffee that's stellar/top notch without the fussy frills and thrills that usually comes with most (Korean/Asian ahem) coffeeshops---Sunrise is definitely the favorite. Their caramel vanilla iced latte is on point without being overwhelmingly sweet and their americanos are seriously to die for.   A new favorite of mine to switch up the pace and in an attempt to lessen my daily coffee intake: I've taken to asking for their mint matcha green tea, iced and with enough milk to essentially make it a latte. The result? A light, creamy peppermint patty like concoction with just a hint of green tea. Nom! :3 As for the atmosphere and the aesthetics of the place? I can not rave of this place enough. Like a good cup of coffee (lol), the shop is saturated in consistent, cohesive and understated little details that don't necessarily slap you in your face upon first glance but are appreciated nonetheless when brought to light. Extension cords, outlets are a plenty and are strategically hidden under a couple of their banquet style study/dining tables, their community board is usually packed with interesting local clientele ads, events  and offerings, fresh flowers are hidden in a corner or two, there's a gorgeous whimsical Amy Sol (for Audrey Kawasaki lovers, she's definitely an artist to check out) painting,  and my favorite?: tip jars whose signs change every other week that's bound to plant an amused smirk or smile on your face. The varied music selection that's played is also a plus. Overall if you haven't already, make the trek down here. It's well worth the try.
4	It's worth the drive every morning for my Nutella latte with almond milk . Beats Starbucks !  And I love the breakfast. Employees are friendly. Too bad there's only one and so far :(
2	Maybe it's just because I live in Seattle , the coffee mecca, but their coffee really isn't good. Much better than Starbucks I am sure, but after going here twice I was disappointed and yearned to go home even more. The first latte the beans were burned and the barista pulled the shot with water that was to cold (bc it was sour) and the second latte the beans were roasted far to long. They do have all compostable materials and roast onsite, which saves on environmental costs (a breathe of fresh air for Las Vegas) but they only get two stars from me in coffee- what should be their shining star of delight.
5	Only good coffee around.  Thank god for this little gem while traveling.  Was not prepared to gain 10lbs from Starbucks type SUGAR Coffee!!!!  Great food and service to boot!!!!!
5	They have the best hot chocolate in all the land. Get a dark caramel, comes with caramel and sea salt. Amazing.
4	Excellent. I really enjoyed finding an actual espresso-brewing coffee shop instead of having to go to any of the 4,356 Starbucks all over Vegas. I'm from out of town and when I work in vegas I have to have my morning coffee, and this place really is a treat.They have two La Marzocco espresso machines, which really make a difference on how your coffee comes out and the foam. Hey, some people care about this stuff...I had the breakfast burrito and it was good! Maybe a little heavy on the potato, but it was pretty tasty.Why not 5 stars?If 5 stars was PERFECT, then 4 is really good. If I'm being really picky, the coffee flavor could be a little stronger, maybe a darker roast? Also, the food wasn't out of this world (as far as what I've tried) but overall, for the price, it's a great local coffee shop. I will be going back there whenever I come back to Vegas.
4	Ugh. That Alien Burrito. I with I could eat 10 of them right now.
5	Since being in Las Vegas Sunrise is seriously my second home.  They have all the elements that a REAL coffee shop should.  Excellent music selection creating the perfect vibe, a charming staff - cute and sassy baristas that really enjoy what they are doing, healthy food and beautiful seating.  All furniture is designed and made by the owner, talk about impressive and really caring for your business.  I am the type of person that can hang in relaxing space like this order a few drinks and snacks and handle my school and work biz so to find this gem is amazing.  The drinks are unmatched as far as flavor and attention to detail.  They really give a damn about each cup going out.  My favorite is always changing but recently I let May (very cute, fun and friendly barista working the espresso machine) hook me up with her own creation.  I hate sweet drinks however she put together a hazelnut marshmellow latte concogtion (special order, not on the menu) and it was PERFECT for a rainy day.  As far as food goes my favorite has to be the alien burrito (a sunrise classic) or the peanut butter banana granola crunch sandwhich- not your average peanut butter sandwhich let me tell you (not the official name, but you get it).  If you havent been slap yourself and then hurry up and get there ...like now!
4	This is the closest coffee shop to my work, so it frequently becomes my destination when I need a 2pm "pick me up."  When you "dine-in" you get some really cool and large coffee cups. They have a great variety of coffee drinks - I try something different every time. There is something for every coffee drinker out there, but I love the sweet chocolatey ones like the Nutella Latte, Orange Mocha, or Mexican Mocha.  The teas are also really good - I'm becoming a fan of the cherry rooibos. Also, they've got some good pastries, and have vegan and gluten free options!  They also have a nice outdoor patio that is generally pretty shady.
5	It is such a wonderful feeling to walk in the door of your favorite coffee house and see such smiling faces like Becky, Mike and Hannah.  They are always so helpful and so upbeat, a perfect way to start any day!  I love all of the food items and especially the lattes, but I think you hit the jackpot when you find great food, drinks and customer service all under the same roof!
4	Absolutely love their coffee!  I ordered a small iced nutella latte and I really wish I had ordered a large, because it was delicious!  I think they are on-par with Sambalatte.  I ordered their cranberry muffin warmed up and it was really soft and moist.  Customer service is nice, friendly, and our order was up really fast.The one thing that took the star away from Sunrise is that the tables were really close together, which I can understand considering the place was full.Definitely recommended! A++
3	Ok coffee, staff is great!  Better drink up fast though, coffee came out just warm, NOT HOT!  Inexpensive coffee, but needs more "casual" seating inside.  Felt like a "lunch room" with all the tables.  Outside seating is "ok" but your at the edge of the parking lot.
4	Fair trade coffee, single origin, pour over and they roast on site. They offer   vegetarian and gluten free menu items
4	A very nice atmosphere combined with friendly staff made those GF muffins taste great!
5	This place has been my goto coffee shop since I discovered it 2 and half years ago.  From day one I was hooked.  Not only do they have awesome coffee roasted in house but the atmosphere and baristas are amazing:) They have a variety of coffees and many delicious coffee creation.  My first love has always been the Mexican mocha and Nutella !  If your not in the mood for a sweet drink the French press and standard drip are great!  If Mike is there he will give you the run down on what he has been roasting.  Not to mention he is a genuinely nice guy who cares about what he is doing and the coffee he is roasting. But for me what pushes Sunrise to a perfect 5 are the barista!  If you are a morning person you will get to interact with Amanda and Becky.   Two ladies who are always willing to shoot you a smile, talk with you about your day and suggest some great drinks (Amanda introduced me to the green tea latte). If you are there at night (like me) you get to hang with Mae, Jet and Michelle!  Whether you are; exchanging witty banter with Jet while chatting about life, putting your faith in Mae with her many creations accompanied by talks about the adventures of the day or having Michelle convince you to try a matcha shot with a chaser or good conversation, you will always feel welcomed when coming in the door.  You can get a good cup of coffee many places but if you want a great cup of coffee served with a side of awesome baristas then sunrise is the place for you :)
5	I have always liked coming here. This place is not particularly close to my house but the atmosphere is nice and the customer service is always great. They always seem to be super happy and inviting.   Today I ordered an iced drink "for here" and it came in a glass mason jar. I decided to sit outside with my drink and as soon as I sat down I knocked my drink off the table, glass and coffee went everywhere. I was so embarrassed but the barista came out so quickly to make sure I was ok, he cleaned up my mess and even got me another drink. The whole process took less than 5 minutes. He was so nice about it and efficient. I just want to thank them for being so kind and on top of it. I went from wanting to hide under rock, to  relaxed sipping a new drink.
5	This place is so quaint and it has vegan food choices. I love spending quiet time here when I can. I am entertained for hours. Friendly and adorable place.
4	Love this place! Good service: friendly and accommodating when I asked for my half caffeine/half decaf. coffee. I had the egg croissant which is large enough to share so you have room to share something sweet too. (It's the only way to go folks if you want many yummy taste sensations to experience without blowing up from the calories )Wish they could expand their outdoor seating especially with this great weather, but grateful for what they have. It's also a convenient distance from Sunset Park.
5	Love this place, the service is excellent and baristas Hannah and May are always smiling.
4	This is not your typical green straw joint!  It's better.  I've only had the coffee so far, but it keeps me coming back, not only for its uniquely brewed flavor, but also for the great atmosphere it provides.  This is the type of coffee shop I'd love to spend hours at if I wasn't sucked into the corporate world.  Fortunately, it's conveniently located for a productive lunch hour away from the office or even a quick pick-me-up thanks to its drive thru option.
5	It's my second time here. The first time I ordered drip coffee, they had a medium roast that was brewed well. Today I'm trying the iced Jasmine tea latte and it's amazing! This deserved my review today. And this place is very comfortable and welcoming for people who want to work, study, or meet up with a friend!
5	Sunrise Coffee has amazing drinks for non-coffee drinkers like me. Stop by right before closing and get some free leftover pastries!
5	I'm frequently on business to Vegas and discovered this gem. Great coffee, knowledgable and friendly staff, and did I mention great coffee? A ways from the strip but well worth the trip for coffee lovers!
5	By far the best coffee shop from Seattle to Kentucky. I've been here several times. I don't drink coffee anymore, however it was the best I've ever had. My husband and sister agree!  They offer vegan food, almond, rice and soy milk. I just ordered the Iced Chai Latte with Rice Milk, amazing!  Great little place right by the airport, I wish I could visit this place more often.
5	LOVE this spot. Although the seating is limited, it's my favorite coffee shop in Vegas, hands down. The staff is always friendly - and they hire the most interesting people. The coffee is always on point, and the Nom Nom Burrito (vegetarian) does amazing things to your taste buds. If you're in the area - or aren't - Sunrise is a must check-out.
5	O.K.  So I'm another "switchover" from Sambalatte. Don't get me wrong Sambalatte is very good , however, I believe Sunrise Coffee is better. Cappucino is creamy and DELICIOUS. The espresso is fantastic with plenty of "crema" on top. I don't know how they do it, but the finished product appears almost caramelised . Take it from someone who has lived in Italy and knows good espresso , etc.. This coffee is fantastico ! Oh, and I must give kudos to the coffee roaster and baristas .. The best !!
5	Large caramel latte with 4 shots is my go to drink when my sweet tooth forces me to break from my black coffee norm.  These guys pour a great tasting drink and is perhaps the second best caramel latte I've ever had.  Peet's coffee (SoCal) barely beats these guys out but only because of the mysterious crack-like substance they use as their caramel.
5	I love Sunrise . . . truly wonderful coffee, great tea options, and awesome vegan and vegetarian lunch options. Not to mention the vegan scones . . . hard to resist! Best of all is the location, which is near me! I like the vegan Nom Nom burrito or the three bean chili burrito. Buy a bag of beans and support your local coffee beanery! At peak hours it can be tough to get a seat, but most of the time there's a table or two still available, or you can sit at the raised bar or on the patio. The patio has gotten progressively nicer over the years. Yay for local, veg friendly, independent coffee shops. Free wifi works well.
5	Best customer service experience. They have the best breakfast burrito in Vegas. If you all are looking for a quick bite i would definitely recommend you check this place out. You wont be disappointed!!
5	I was here a few months ago for a study session with some friends. Although it felt like it was a bit crowded when I initially arrived around 1ish in the afternoon, the crowd died down a bit later and it was easy to study. The atmosphere was VIBRANT. Definitely got good vibes from the place. I had a cherry iced tea (name has been long forgotten), and then a coffee later. I definitely recommend if you are in neighborhood, looking for a place to study amidst other busybodies or just want to sit down and enjoy a cup of good coffee.
5	This is the best coffee in town! I drive across town on the weekends just to get a plain latte. The espresso is always perfect.  I think the beans are roasted in house. The staff is always friendly. There is a nice patio area to enjoy your coffee and breakfast sandwich.  They have a nice vegan menu and the pastries are delicious.
5	This is the one of three places that I've found around south LV that serves a good cup of coffee. Their pour-over menu isn't always the same, but I've been here more than handful of times. So far, my favorites are their Sumatra and Rwanda. I haven't tried any of their food, but it always looks really delicious. I've tried a few of their espresso drinks as well--I liked their Mexican mocha. Not too sweet and good flavor and creamy!I like to come here to study, but it gets pretty crowded on the weekends sometimes, so it can be difficult to get a seat at those times. But there's usually at last some outdoor seating if you'd like to enjoy a cup of coffee and/or a meal with some nice weather. Inside, the environment is what you would expect and want from your typical coffee shop. Ample seating, good lighting, soft music playing in the background.
5	It's such a treat to have vegan breakfast!  Great people and yummy food. The Nom Nom burrito is fab!
4	I just had hot tea but this place is unique for Vegas. A local coffee house that serves your warm beverage on an actual teacup. Tons of of young hipsters and students on their computers. Friendly and knowledgeable. I was directed to tea with roobis, vanilla and a hint of the lavender that I was seeking. My date asked them to choose his tea which was delicious and refreshing.
4	any coffee place that sells vegan anything is my friend in my books .. place is small yet always able to find a place to sit .... I don't drink coffee so can't comment on it but by tea was always very hot ^_^
5	Sunrise Coffee is my go-to place to get my caffeine fix. I've been coming here for over three years now, and I'm happy I live just a mile from this coffee shop. I don't even know how I used to drink Starbucks before I discovered Sunrise from an old friend. Everything I have ordered here has been delicious. I love all their lattes: mint mocha, white mocha, nutella, chai tea, green tea, everything. For food, I recommend the Nomnom burrito (spinach, egg, beans, potatoes, avocado, tomato wrapped in a spinach wrap *-*) and all their pastries! Plus, the atmosphere here is amazing. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. The baristas working here are always happy. I wouldn't say this is the perfect place to study, but probably just to sit down and enjoy time & chat with friends or whatever. There's also a drive-thru which is really convenient when I'm on my way to my classes in the morning.
5	The wife found this place online somehow and since our pilot was in a rush to get to Las Vegas we had some time before lunch to check it out. It's located in a kind or nondescript building near the airport, so easy access, but still had to circle to locate it. The coffee and tea menu is extensive and we chose a couple of lattes, I the spiced mocha, and the wife had the orange mocha. Both were expertly and efficiently made and tasted great. The wife also got a vegan carrot cashew muffin. It tasted alright to me, but she really liked it. I joked to her that you can barely taste the vegan that they put in the muffin, but I don't think that she got the joke.Anyway, they also have other breakfast and lunch options that we didn't try but maybe on return visits which will be frequent.
4	Great vibe inside or out on the very welcoming patio...and the most decadent Mocha Spice Latte ever! Husby chilled over an Iced Creme Brulee Latte while we shared the scrumptious vegan brownie, so moist and delicious. Friendly, fast, well-priced service. We will be back;))
5	I was told about this place through friends, and I had to try it out. I was not disappointed! I had a French Vanilla Latte which was delicious and I loved the atmosphere. I will definitely be heading back for more!
4	Totally one of my favorite places to stop and get coffee. I even sometimes would go out of my way to get here.Cozy, with a hipster San Francisco vibe. Without being overly hipsterly annoying. The staff is very friendly, and willing to offer suggestions.I have gotten the Nutella Coffee, half the sweetness and Almond milk- Sweet and chocolaty MMMmm!!I'm only sad I moved. Whenever I visit it will surely be a place to stop!
5	Stumbled upon Sunrise Coffee while driving down Sunset. So happy that I stopped since they made one of the best mochas that I have ever had. Reminded me of the coffee in Seattle. Not too sweet and made by a real barista.
3	The loose tea was good and sitting outside the vibe is cool. Enjoyed the green tea with the toasted rice it was an interesting presentation.
4	Holy Wow! Great coffee! I love their Dirty Chai. Mmmmm. Quaint and cozy atmosphere. And the muffins are delicious! Ask them to heat it up with a little butter ;) the only thing is sometimes they are a little snobbish and forget the food you ordered, but I still love it there! Drive-thru seems to be friendlier.
5	I stumbled across this coffee shop while getting my car repaired at a local shop.  I used yelp to find coffee and this one so thought I would give it a try and was I surprised! The coffee was fantastic! I had an almond milk piccolo served in a nice mug with a beautiful heart design in the foam. The staff was veeerrryyyyy friendly and I had regretted eating just before because I saw a wrap that looked amazing! I've found a few small coffee jems that I love but this is the first one that also serves food that looks amazing AND won't kill my diet like all the other pastries. Don't get me wrong they have pastries but it's nice to find a place that has it all; nice lunch, great atmosphere outdoors and indoors, amazing coffee (with the foam designs) and friendly staff.
3	I went there shortly before I left Las Vegas because I read the reviews.  I had a bit of a chuckle as we drove up to the coffee shop, their sign was half of an old starbuck sign.  It looks like sunrise coffee used to be a starbucks store.  They had a large variety of lattes and coffee on the menu.  I had went for the nutella latte is was pretty good..It is close to the air port in an industrial area, so I may not get there again.. but I did enjoy it.
4	Had a great experience in this modern rustic pace. We ordered nom nom burrito (tofurky instead of egg) and it was great with Sriracha sauce. The almond butter with banana sandwich was yummy - the bread itself was great with a nice crunch. Vanilla Caramel Latte was appeasing and had a nice strong flavor.  Chai latte was on the lighter side for us. We got a couple of muffins and macaroons to go - tried one in each and it was too good. Definitely a worthy visit for brunch.
5	Love this place!  Great place to meet with friends/colleagues and a nice place to work.  Helps that they have an excellent staff and delicious coffee!
5	We were so happy to find so many vegan options in Las Vegas. Sunrise coffee had a great, convenient drive-through location that we visited more than once. Really good wraps. Really good coffee. Next time we visit Las Vegas, we will definitely go back.By the way, I loved the logo for the mothership roasted coffee. There was very interesting, what I consider weird, artwork on the walls. It definitely gave you something to look at.
4	I came here looking for a chill place to drink coffee and people watch. The staff is friendly and the coffee is excellent. The vibe is upbeat with 90's grunge in the speakers. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the seating. It's mostly hard wood and not too comfortable. That won't keep me from coming back.
5	I wish there was another Sunrise Coffee on my side of town, since I'm on the complete opposite.  I kind of feel like Las Vegas doesn't have a lot of independent coffee shops, and was really happy a friend brought me here one evening.  We got Mexican mochas with coffee.  Nice rich chocolate flavor with cinnamon.  There are always pretty designs in the foam.  There are also pastries behind the glass case but I haven't tried them yet.  I really like the outside seating when the weather is nice and a little overcast.  Overall the establishment is pretty chill.
5	Coffee shops will always have a special place in my heart so when Jessie and I decided to go here one afternoon I was thrilled. It has everything I love in a coffee shop, excellent coffee, yummy food, good music, and interesting people to watch. I ordered a sugar free caramel vanilla latte and a   croissant sandwich. I was super jazzed that they have several sugar free options. My coffee came out with a beautiful design in the foam. It was so pretty and tasted just as good as it looked. Next my sandwich came out. The croissant was flakey and buttery. It was filled with egg, avocado, tomato, lettuce and Veggie mayo. They even spelled out smile with a design of a kitty on my plate in veggie mayo. I enjoyed the sandwich and would totally try all the other items on the menu. If you find worn chairs and tables endearing like I do you won't be put off by the comfy chairs. They have places for you to plug in your lap top or just to charge your phone. I noticed they also have outdoor seating. All the baristas were friendly and chatty. Plus, they have some seriously cool art on display.I've been craving their coffee ever since and I can't wait to go back for more. Yay!!
4	Love their Coffee, Tea, and Vegan/Vegetarian Snacks; everything is very good quality and hand made/roasted, very artisan.  I recommend any loose tea accompanied by any of their wraps, I love their alien wrap.
5	SO GREAT. SO GREAT that I want to take this place back to Nebraska. I LOVE this place. The option to salad anything on the menu? Every restaurant should have this option! The friendliest staff I have ever met at any coffee shops in the world. They greet you and give you the widest and most sincere smiles. It just makes my heart happy to step into this place.
4	Coffee great! Food delicious! Service wonderful! I don't care if it's out of the way, this is what I needed to find in vegas.  Did I say the coffee was great!
4	Coffee great! Food delicious! Service wonderful! I don't care if it's out of the way, this is what I needed to find in vegas.  Did I say the coffee was great!
