4	Was About the Reef the most pristine aquarium store I have been to? No, that would be Aqua Touch. But About the Reef has a number of things going for it. First, they have a more interesting selection of fish than I have seen at most Valley stores, and the prices seem to be quite good. They did not have much live rock when we went today, but they did have some premium pieces with "bonus" corals on them. They have a decent selection of books and magazines, tanks (with lots of custom options), chemical kits, and refrigerated and frozen food. The most impressive of their corals were not for sale, unfortunately, but they had a decent variety of smaller ones. One of the best things About the Reef has going for it is service. Chris was fantastic, and was able to answer everyone's questions in detail about every aspect of reef tanks. It's clear this young man is a professional, not a college kid or casual hobbyist. He also gave me great information about how to save my beloved "special needs" crab Olive, who has cartoonish pop-eyes and a missing claw. We will definitely be returning to About the Reef soon.
4	I really like this place. I found it while bored one Sunday with my Mom. We never knew this place existed before! It isn't the most striking place I've ever been to, but they do have some unsual critters there. Tons of tanks and a lot of custom-made options, huge freezer food selection and there is a whole room dedicated just to live rock. They even have a baby shark there!If it was my store, the place could use a lot of work appearance wise, but the great customer service makes up where they are lacking.
2	Unfortunately, I was disappointed with this fish store on several levels. First, the fish selection is meager. There were several dozen tanks but each only had a couple of fish.Second, and more importantly, no one ever offered to help me. There were two other people in the store - I am pretty sure one was a customer and the other was an employee. He went into the back several times and never really offered help.It should be noted that this store is only for salt water fish and equipment.
