5	If you love Chicago Pizza you can't beat it.  And when I say chicago pizza I mean cut in squares, not deep dish.  Get a sausage you taste you can't beat this place!!! Thursday night "the Voice" Sings, a nice plus.  A good Itailian beef too.
2	Soo... I'm just going to quit trying out pizza places, because I keep striking out!! This place is a chain originating out of the Chicao area. I stupidly assumed a Chicago area chain would carry Chicago style pizza. I stupidly assumed the lingo used in Chicago "stuffed pizza" meant "stuffed pizza" in the Rosati's or Giordanno's or Art of pizza sense. I placed an order last night for chicken fettiuchine alfredo + a small "stuffed" pizza. The total was $32. WTF there, but I was willing to try it and assumed I was getting quality. I asked if I could get grilled chicken in the alfredo instead of a big slab of breaded chicken. Then I specified "cut up grilled chicken, the same stuff you put on your chicken pizza". "yeah, that's not a problem". Of course the pasta arrives with a big slab of breaded chicken after she agreed to put in grilled chicken.. ok, let that go.... then the sad pizza box is opened up. Stuffed pizza meant it has an extra crust on top. Then they cover this in tomato sauce so it LOOKS like a normal chicago style stuffed pizza. Bad sadly it was far crappier. The nasty tomato sauce on top made the whole thing a soggy goopy mess. It was terrible. I'm giving them a pity star because even though the place is from Chicago and even though in Chicago stuffed pizza does not mean this monstrosity, maybe I'm the only one that feels mislead! Otherwise it'd be a solid 1 star. I definitely feel swindled.. $35 for sub par pasta that wasn't delivered as ordered and nasty weird pizza? This place is too crappy to even give my typical 2 tries !
4	Over the top for take out pizza, reminds me of chicago, though not thick. sausage onion green pepper is to die for.
5	When Friends come into town they always want to go try a buffet or go get a Huge drink on the strip and pay huge prices... Not this time. A friend of ours came in that is originally from Chicago and spotted Aurelios. Now let me say, i have been here for 10 months and I live in this area and have never seen or heard of this place. So after a few minutes of him talking me into going here we pulled up and noticed the parking lot was empty. This usually means 1 of 2 things... 1: It is going to be horrible and nobody wants to eat here or 2: we just found a Gem. Well Guess what,  Call Me a Jeweler because this place Was a diamond in a dark lot. The Chicago style pizza was perfectly cooked with a light and crispy crust, just the right amount of delicious non-greasy meats and veggies all served cut Chicago style and paired perfectly with a few pitchers of PBR... Okay let me pause for a second and say, PBR was not and will not be my beer of choice... Fat Tire sounded much better. Okay so back to the pizza. IT was AMAZING, they also hooked us up with some Bosco sticks. Perfectly cooked bread sticks stuffed with cheese partnered with a great marinara sauce.
4	The food is good overall.  But, it will cost you.  An 18" custom pizza set me back almost $30.  That is a lot compares to $10 any pizza hut large pizza.  But, the quality of Aurelio's is so much better.  The crust is crunchy and non-greasy.  The toppings are fresh.  Overall, I would go back again and again.
3	I'm from Chicago and surprisingly, I had never gone to Aurelio's while I lived in the city. After moving to Henderson and hearing that the pizza in this area isn't stellar, my boyfriend and I decided to try Aurelio's and watch a pre-season Bear's game.The restaurant is clean, nice decor in the bar, and there is a lot of seating for family-style diners. We decided to go sit in the bar and grab some pizza and beer. It all started to go downhill from there. I am unsure if they were understaffed or there was a lack of communication between staff members, but it took almost 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge we were there and then it took another 10 minutes for us to get a pitcher of beer with two cups. There were only a few tables in the bar and they were not all occupied when we sat down, so the lack of service was a disappointment.When the bartender had a free moment, he did come over to our table and took our order. Medium pizza with pepperoni and a side of giardiniera for my boyfriend and a small gluten-free pizza with chicken, spinach and garlic for myself. LOVE the gluten-free option! MAJOR kudos for that!I had to go to the front desk to get the giardiniera, only to receive pepperocinis by someone who may or may not have been an employee. Eventually, we did get the giardiniera, but anyone from Chicago knows that giardiniera is a delicious asset to a slice of pizza! The restaurant was not busy at all because there were only pre-season games on and NASCAR, so I was surprised about the lack of service.The bartender was friendly and a decent server, but since we weren't one of his regulars we were rarely attended to and had to wait an uncomfortable extended amount of time to get our bill and food wrapped up to take home. We ended up staying at Aurelio's for two hours which includes the extra 20 minutes we needed to wait for the bill. It took over an hour for anyone to come to our table to ask if we needed anything wrapped to-go (even though we finished eating 15 minutes before they even came to ask). However, the rating for this restaurant is saved because of the pizza! DELICIOUS! I'm not sure if it would be as fantastic if you took it to-go without eating it at the restaurant, but I am sure that the thin crust pepperoni pizza looked, smelled and tasted EXCELLENT! The crust was nice and crispy and the way they cook it (brick oven) makes that pizza worth every unhealthy bite! My gluten-free pizza was a little undercooked (soft crust), but that was my fault for not ordering it a little more well done. It was still SCRUMPTIOUS and the crust didn't taste like cardboard one bit! The personal pizza size was a perfect serving and the cost was very nice to my wallet compared to other gluten-free pizzas. I can't explain to you how mouth-watering the pepperoni pizza looked, but if you're looking for a departure from the normal Las Vegas pizza, DEFINITELY go to Aurelio's and grab a pie. The service might be mediocre at best, but the pizza almost outweighs the frustration experienced due to the wait staff!
3	pizza was tasty, just took too long to get it to go, and a few customers were waiting for their bills,had to run up the counter to get their bill ,so they can pay and leave.. I think I waited to order and take home took over 40-45mins,granted it was sunday afternoon?? Then one of the patrons brought his kid and gave him a few quarters to play on the amusement machines,all he did was beat on the return coin box,because he thought it stole his quarters when really he needed more than one to play the game? It was annoying..
3	Friendly staff and decent pizza.
3	Used a GroupBuy coupon to engage my 1st purchase at Aurelio's. Some pizza places pride themselves on the cheese, some for the crust, but I believe this place depends on its sauce, and the sauce is good. The crust is like any other Chicago style pizza place, but the cheese was miniscule throughout the order. The soft bread sticks supposedly had Romano cheese, the jalapeno cheese ravioli was pretty hollow but the stuffed crust pizza was a little better. I'm a little harder to please because I have some experience in the kitchen.  While I would travel the 8 miles for another shot, I still have yet to find a pizza place that can impress me as I did myself while working at a Little Caesar's parlor and tweeking the ingredients. But for the money I spent, and the gross weight of the food I brought home was probably the one thing that impressed me the most. I find spending $15 anywhere else, I can lift the packaged products with my eyelashes. I will suggest to Aurelio's that they invest some belief in their own cuisine. Chicago-style is beast. For them to advertise thin-crust panders to the westerners, California specifically. Thin crust sucks.
4	pizza here is great, thin crust with a cornmeal like bottom...the cheese is burnt to the crusts edges...LEGIT.. its a bit pricey and the wait times can be a little longer but the food makes up for it.. stick with the pizza because you know you will be back.. everything is brought here from chicago on a daily basis...give it a try..
4	Great pizza! Red sauce is the best.  Replaces Rosatis for our pizza cravings.
1	This place does not even deserve to get a star based on the fact that the pizza is not even close to good. Im not even going to compare it to any other. I have tried this place twice just to make sure they were not having a bad day. Both times when i ordered over the phone there was a person who could not even speak english and could not get the order right. When we went to pick up the pizza i had to stand there another 20 min after giving them the 45 min they said they needed. As far as how the pizza tasted, the crust was not bad the sause was good but there was no cheese. like none at all. Overall i spent almost 70 for 2 pizzas both times for crap! They are WAYYYY too expensive. Im guessing they have not noticed the economic crunch and are in laa laa land with charging 30 pizza! If only i would of Yelped them and seen what was coming!
5	I love this place.  It's unique.  It's not New York thin with little cheese and cut in wedges.  Great sauce, great crust, great sausage, lots of cheese, cut in little squares.  Awesome.Order with extra sauce.  Good stuff.  You can find cheaper pizza but not much better around here.  Yum.
4	The food was pretty decent but the place was empty
5	Hot Deeeeezaaaaamn! Where do I start? This place has awesome pizza. Don't ask me about other food because I have never tried it. Call me old school but I don't go to a pizzeria looking for anything else. They have  pretty low key bar with a juke box which is perfect for relaxing. They offer Sam Jackson on tap which put this place up to cinco estrellas. They say they have karaoke but I've never been there when they do. But the juke box is just fine by my standards. The help at the bar is always fast because this place never really gets crowded. Which is another reason for the top rating. Not that I'm anti social I just like low key places. The happy hour prices are awesome. Pizza like I said is  phenomenal, it is worth they try, My favorite is pepperoni and tomato or a fiesta as they call it. I have never eaten in the restaurant area, but there is always families in there which leads me to believe its pretty decent.
2	Caveat: Delivery order, no pizza. I will try again in-store and see how that goes.We had the jalapeno poppers which, according to the menu, were stuffed with cream cheese and served with marinara. The lukewarm poppers we received were sparingly filled with cheddar cheese and came without marinara sauce. The upside? Stick them in the oven for a few minutes and they weren't bad. The peppers were still tender, but (a) they were not as advertised and (b) we shouldn't have to reheat the just-cooked food.The anitpasto salad was as advertised and really tasty. I would have preferred more antipasto, less lettuce, and for the pepperoncini to be whole (I like the bite and the juice of a fresh one!). That said, this was still good with or without the provided house dressing. The shining star of the meal, by far.The Caesar salad was bland and the croutons - which seemed as if they were from a box of stuffing mix sold for Thanksgiving - were slightly stale. Generous portion, but that was the only plus. Definitely in the "Meh, I've experienced better" category.The iced tea seemed fresh brewed but it was missing the lemon we requested.Even knowing that delivery changes things a bit, this was too much to just blame it on that. For everything people have said, it could have - and should have - been better (and, in the case of the jalapenos, matched the menu!).
5	Place was recommended by 2 different South-Siders I know. Heard all ingredients are imported from Chicago, including the water they make the crust with. Amazing! Was told I couldn't get it home without sneaking a little corner piece of that square pizza... They were correct. So delicious! Definitely will return to this location, even though there is another just 2 mi from my house, told this is THE authentic one!
2	This is a review solely of the stuffed pizza, ordered and picked up over the phone.   Maybe the thin-crust is better.Where to start...  As an ex-pat Chicagoan, I've been eating stuffed pizza from the likes of Eduardo's, Giordano's, Lou Malnati's and other fine non-chain establishments for most of my adult life.  So my expectations for a stuffed pizza are thus:  At least two inches high, lots of delicious flaky crust, and a dense, almost torte-like filling of cheese, sauce and meats.  High standards, but I figured Aurelio's, a venerable South-side chain, would do it up well.  Mmmmnope.  Limp, doughy crust.  Mushy, puddle-like filling.  Tiny smear of sauce on the top crust, with a half-assed toss of mozzarella on one half of the top.  It's like I phoned in the order, and they phoned in the pizza.  You want to know what a stuffed pizza is supposed to look like?  Go to Giordano's home page.  Aurelio's stuffed pizza looks more a like a flat calzone with a bit of sauce on top.Ah, the sauce.  I realize that everyone has different tastes - some people like a sweet sauce, and some like a tangy, robust sauce.  I'm in the second camp, so the Chef Boy-yar-dee sweetness of their sauce didn't do much for me.  If there were other flavors in there besides sweet and tomato, I couldn't tell.As my girlfriend shrugged: "Well, there really isn't such a thing as bad pizza."  True.  It wasn't bad.  Neither is Pizza Hut, really.  But a two-star rating according to Yelp is "meh, I've experienced better" and truly I have.  For the price, I don't think I got what I paid for.  The free pizza at Bellagio's employee dining room tastes better.  I was waffling between a 1- and 2-star rating when I remembered the giardiniera, which is authentic Chicago-style and tasty as all get-out.  Maybe I'll try an Italian beef from there sometime, since good giardiniera is almost impossible to find in Vegas.
2	I've never eaten in the restaurant, but I have always ordered from home and then gone to pick-up my pizza pie. As many have stated before they have issues with ordering over phone, whereas I have never had any problems.... So that's a plus? I'm going to Chicago soon, and if this is the kind of pizza to expect I might as well find something else to eat!! I like the style of thin crust pizza, but its always soggy when I bite in expecting a crunch... The pizza sauce they use here just doesn't do it for me. Instead of the rich heartiness one can squeeze out of a tomato, I feel like I am on a bridge between entree and dessert! Keep on mind I am a sweets junkie, so I rarely complain of my food being too sweet. I also feel like the sauce over powers everything, I feel the texture of pepperoni, but where's the taste?? For now, I'll stick to New York style pizza;)Hopefully, the infamous Chicagoan pizza cheers me up and shows my taste buds what I've been missing.
5	This is the ABSOLUTE BEST Pizza in Henderson. The crust, sauce and toppings are amazing. I got the Super Six and loved it. I really like Metro Pizza but this is way better.
1	Ordered delivery Pizza was disgusting. Hot wings were disgusting. Price was outrageous in comparison to the quality. Cookie desert burn on the outside undercooked on the inside. Idiot driver placed ice cream over hot cookie so it was liquid by the time it got to us. Shouldn't have even delivered that desert.
4	I like Aurelio's.  I am a Grimaldi's kind of girl, actually, but once in a while I get in a particular Aurelio's kind of mood.  I like the sweet sauce... we always ask for extra.  This location is a little more inconsistent than the others in terms of how they distribute toppings, etc... but if I'm in "that mood," it doesn't matter anyway.  I'll gladly eat it.We are originally from St. Louis (where cracker crust pizza reigns supreme), so I was originally pretty unimpressed with their thin crust pizza.  It's not exactly crunchy.  However, once I began to appreciate it for what it is rather than what I WISH it was, I found myself really enjoying it.  A few months ago, I might have only given it 2 or 3 stars.  Aurelio's has really grown on me!
4	VERY NICE PIZZACompared to all the quickie made stuff, the oily stuff, the thin stuff, the pizza here is really great.1.  Parking - Strip Mall , so no issues.2.  Decor - Plenty of tables and area to eat in as you should in a proper pizza place.3.  Service - Very nice. The people here seem to have been here for a while, so they know the drill.4.  Food - Only had the pizzas here.  I find this place to be a premium pizza place. The thin crust is very nice, I find the taste just about right for the type of pizza they serve.  From take out to dining in, this is a good choice.5.  Price - A bit on the higher side.6.  Parties - If you have team parties, family parties and etc, they have great room to have it and plan it in advance.In a town full of Little Ceasars, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut and all, you will find this joint a nice change from the run of the mill to more quality.GK says go for it!
4	I am from Chicago which boasts top pizza from the likes of Lou Malnatis, Uno's (Due's), Carmen's, Gulliver's, Edwardo's etc.  I really like this pizza.  The stuffed is more of a calzone with sauce on top, cheese cheese cheese rollled right into the "bones".  I usually get a medium stuffed za with extra sauce well done for $25 which sounds like a lot of money but the quantity is enormous, it probably weighs 6-7lbs and will feed 4-6 easily.  The stuffed crust is all flour and no oil like Pizza Hut.  The thin crust is fantastic, they bake cheese into the crispy crust and it's not too greasy.  I'm always torn between ordering stuffed or thin.  I don't go here very often because I could eat it every day and my diet suffers.  Be careful though this stuff is a gut bomb - easy to over eat.  I would have given 5 stars but the bathroom wasn't so clean which is a huge turn-off but easily fixed.  The people who work there are very nice.  They have a cool bar attached to the restaurant with Chicago team paraphernalia everywhere, I bet it would be a great place to watch a Bears or Hawks game.  They have good video games for the little (and big) kids.
5	We had our end of the season soccer party at this place.  They were so great!  The pizza is really good and the staff went above and beyond to handle all the families. Everyone was raving about it and a few of the parents told me that I chose a great place and the pizza was better than they expected - yummy! I would go there again.
2	Not very impressed. The crust tastes like something you would get from a bargain frozen pizza. The sauce was not very flavorful and didn't have any spices to it. I had to add a bunch of crushed red peppers to get some kick into it. The cheese was good and tasted real, but the mushrooms seemed like they were from a can. $23.78 for a 13" medium pizza to go, was way more than this was worth. Disappointed.
2	I had been touted to Aurelio's by more than one person plus reviews on yelp, so I had high hopes.  Finding a good pizza in Henderson is a challenge especially for a person who knows good NY pizza.I ordered two small pizza's to take home.  One with mushroom and olives and the other with just peperoni.  I felt like the mushrooms were canned and that the pepperoni was tasteless.I did something I never do, I threw away both pizza after trying slices from each.  They were that bad, on the order of the worst cheap chains like Papa Johns.  The crust was neither a good thin crust (as they advertise it) nor a thick crust with some flavor.Needless to say I won't be going back for pizza, maybe their other entrees are better.
2	Wife and I had a pizza there a couple of nights ago-what was supposed to be a thin crust (it wasn't) combination. First off the service was great,friendly and attentive. This included both the waiter and a guy I am guessing was a manager. You really wanted them to succeed. The place was empty when we got there.....never a good sign. We had eaten there before on a couple of occasions and got an email that they had made a lot of changes. We were never that impressed before but wanted to give it another go. Anyway, and we both felt this way, we really did not care much for it at all. Not the dough,not the cheese, nothing. I really do not want to dog the place,I know how hard operating a restaurant is. But it was what was for us. An A for service and a D for the pizza. And it is not cheap...$32 for a large combo.
2	Famished for something delicious to eat for lunch a coworkers suggested Aurelio's Pizza and oddly enough I had driven by this location a couple of days prior thinking to myself "I'd like to try that joint one day". So we did.We called in our order and low and behold our dreams of deep fried appetizer goodness were dashed as their fryer was "broken".  Moving on and past the initial disappointment we decided to just double up on the pizza order in place of the fatty deep-fried appetizer idea.The pizza arrived in a timely fashion so that would explain the two stars I have given this eatery.Being from the East Coast my expectations for pizza standards are high, living in Las Vegas, however, I am usually disappointed by majority of the pies out here.. Aurelio's was no different.First, absolutely no "NY style" pizza, unless your dining at Cici's pizza, should EVER be cut in to squares. Second, unless you've ordered some sort of taco style pizza there should never be cheddar cheese on a pizza in my opinion. YUCK!With that being said the doughy crust, the discerning flavor of the outcast cheddar cheese, minuscule toppings, and *cringe* sweet pizza sauce, literally left a bad taste in my mouth.Most of the time I would say I would try a place at least twice but I feel that there are tons of other pizza parlors waiting to be tried and life's too short waste time on so-so eats.
1	So I've subtracted a star and if I could give this place zero stars now I would... Come to find out they charged my co-workers credit card (4) times each totaling $150!Run far, far away :)
3	The pizza here is amazing.  I love the taste.  The service is really bad so get it to go and be ready for the bad service. I have been here many times and the food and service are always consistent. My kids like the pizza here as well.  The chicken strips are tasty too.
3	We used a groupon now deal because we were really in the mood for pizza. the staff was friendly enough and helped us customize our pizza- which we wanted with chicken and some veggies. It was well complimented by a cold pint of pale ale. Good pizza-- better than any large chain. However it didn't leave us craving more- I would say the pizza at BJs brewery is comparable. It's worth trying if you're a pizza junkie I suppose but its far from the best pizza this town has to offer. I think its a great place to watch a sports game and have some quality food and and ice cold brews, with better service than you would receive at a buffalo wild wings.
2	We have been coming to this location since 2003. It was my first experience with Chicago style pizza. The pizza was really good and the service okay back then. It closed a coupe times in 2010, for unknown reasons. It re-opened and new management took over in '11. Now, the service and food quality has gone downhill ever since. I remember when we went in after new management took over, they manager told us "Yeah, I'm gonna make it better than it used to be." Not even close! It seems the delivery & bar orders take precedence over dining room orders. We never see the same server twice, ever. The dining room table configuration is too crowded now. Our server kept telling us "Your pizza is coming out right now..." Right now came over an hour later for 2 pizzas. The drink refill service was poor at best. Our server asked half the table if they wanted refills, and didn't ask the other side. They gave us free desert to make up for all of it, but it didn't matter. I don't think we will be going back here much any more.
2	I took my family and my brother here on 4/30/12 using a Groupon I purchased the same day.  It seemed like a good deal.  $24.00 for a large pizza, 2 aps, and 4 drinks.The first sign of a less than great experience was getting a flavored iced tea when I ordered iced tea.  Iced tea is fine by its self.  It doesn't need extra/added flavor.  I have no problem with offering flavored tea, but you need to have plain brew iced tea as well.  Then I asked for a diet Pepsi.  What did I get?  Regular Pepsi.The next issue was getting a highchair for my daughter.  I asked three times before finally getting it myself.When we ordered appetizers, they were out of what we wanted.  No fried zucchini? Really?  The pizza was okay, but nothing special.  It was thick crust, half Hawaiian, half peperoni and sausage.The last straw was when they brought me my check.  The Groupon was for a total value of $50.40.  My TOTAL bill came to 50.00 exactly.  What bothered my was they charged me $3 for the thick crust even though the total was less than the max allowed under the Groupon deal.  Even after asking, they wouldn't take it off.  Overall, the service left a sour taste in my mouth.  The food was just okay.  In a town full of crappy pizza, they weren't able to distinguish themselves with a better product.  And even with a Groupon, I don't feel as though I got a good value.I won't be coming back anytime soon, if ever.
3	So being from the Chicago-land area I'm quite familar with Aurelios. I actually didn't realize it was a chain. To be honest, back home I didn't eat at Aurelios very much. The pizza was always good but it was super expensive. Anyways, Aurelios is right across the street from me now, so i go there often. If you know what to order its good. The first time I went there we ordered the stuffed pizza. Bad idea. It was seriously undercooked. Like it should have been in the oven for at least 10 more minutes. The crust was soggy. The regular crust is a different story. Once I tasted it I was sooo happy. It's been 8 months since I've had decent pizza in this town. Its like Chicago regular crust should be. Quality sauce, good cheese and generous toppings. It's really good. Here's the problem. A large 3 toppings delivered was $29.00. Thats pretty expensive for a pizza. But out here, theres not any good pizza around. (Amore is so far!) so I guess it's worth it. The happy hour is decent too. I will be back, but just because there are no other affordable options. I should have gotten more groupons!!!!
1	Maybe we've never had a Chicago Style pizza before! If this place makes so called authentic style Chicago Style pizza, then we don't ever want it again.  Not only was it the worst pizza ever, it also cost $30.00!We ordered a 18" thin crust with pepperoni, sausage & mushrooms. The toppings were very sparse.  There was a lot of cheese, but it was weird, not the usual pizza cheese.Bad mistake to try a local place, Pizza Hut is 200 % better and cheaper.We do not recommend this place for pizza.
4	What a great pizza!! We had the thick crust pepperoni, sausage and garlic pie with a couple of appetizers. First appetizer was "Bosko sticks", they are cheese filled bread sticks topped with garlic seasoning and served with marinara for dipping. The second appetizer was an order of chicken wings. Every thing was great, pizza was very flavor full with crispy crust. The Bosko sticks were great and the chicken wings were cooked perfectly.  If it was closer to my home I would be a regular for sure. I do agree with some on here about the price how ever, 65 bucks for an 18" pie two orders of the cheese bread sticks and 12 wings!!!!  OOFFF
5	I don't know where to start! We LOVE the thin crust pizza here! It's soooo TASTY!We have been here so many time and would probably come here more often if it was closer to us. We have to drive all the way to Anthem just for this!! Ok, maybe not quit that far but close enough!We tried some other dishes and but the PIZZA stands out! So, if you are ever in the area and craving some good THIN CRUST PIZZA, give Aurelio's a try! Note: This is not a chain pizza place so expect to shell out a few more bucks here!
1	Had a pepperoni pie and it was at best mediocre.  The crust was terrible and the sauce was bland.  I know good pie and this was not it.  BTW what is up with the slicing of a pie into little squares?  Is that a Chicago thing?
4	Good pie, good sauce and cheese, and good service.
3	I have to give it three stars because even though I've enjoyed the four times I've had their pizza, it isn't my favorite in town. The few things I really like about Aurelio's is their crust (not thin, but just right and great flavor), the size of the pies, the square cuts, and the meatballs! The meatball pizza has definitely been my favorite. Order a large or extra large pie for your group and you'll have some happy and full guests.
4	The lunch special was a small pizza and salad. The Italian dressing was not good but the pizza was really good. The crust was crispy and the sauce and cheese were tasty.
1	I used a groupon and placed a call in order. Got there and they didn't put the bread in with the pasta.  Waited for that. Then  I realized they didn't put the meatballs in the pasta. Waited again. Finally after 1 hr and 10 minutes it was done. Had my kids with me too. Unacceptable service! This is how restaurants lose customers. They didn't offer to deduct anything off the bill for screwing up the order either.
5	We were just getting ready to go to Aurelio's for pizza and as normal I call the order in so that it is just about ready when we get there.  I was STUNNED... to say the least to see that Aurelio's had CLOSED!!!  WHY??? So I begin to read all the comments on Yelp to hopefully gain some understanding.  Well needless to say, in search for "why did this great pizza place close"  I see that many like Aurelio's and many do not.  We are all entitled to our opinion, likes, dislikes... after all, this is America, we have freedom of speech.  So here are my two cents:  1.  I grew up on the South Side of the Chicago Suburbs.  I use to frequent the first original Aurelio's in Homewood, IL.2.  The pizza is the BEST!!!  There are perhaps two other pizza establishments in Chicago that I like, but I must say that Aurelio's is on the top of my list.  Of course, it originated in the "South Chicago Burbs"... Sorry North Side.3. A person on here from NY did not care for the pizza...blah, blah, blah...  Guess what NY... I do not like NY pizza and I do not like that it is cut in pie shapes!!!  Chicago pizza is round and cut square... we will not, or prefer not to eat it any other way!!!4. A bit overpriced for many here in Vegas I read... Well, in Chicago, we pay for quality.  So my guess is that you people who griped about the price do not mind the smoke filled casino's with restaurants that are often found on "Dirty Dining".  You truly get what you pay for.To the Aurelio family... I am extremely sad to see the only part of Vegas that I enjoyed and one that reminded me of home closed.  I will see you in Homewood or Frankfort next time I visit!G
