1	I purchased a groupon for xtreme cleaning.  One week after the purchase, I called to schedule my cleaning and I got a message the requested I email my requested cleaning date.  The voice box was full, so I could not leave a message I emailed the company.  Two weeks later, after no response, I called again.  Again, there was a message to contact them via email and no ability to leave a message.  I emailed again, this time not as nicely, requesting they contact me to schedule my cleaning. I received an email back saying they would call me that evening.  Four days later, after no phone calls, I contacted groupon requesting a refund.  Groupon requires that they first contact the vendor themselves and try to stimulate a scheduling.  I received no contact in one week, so groupon refunded me.  Moral of the story, they may clean very well, I dont know.  But, they lack the communication skills of a professional business.
1	Stay away!..especailly from the groupon!  I purchased one of the more expensive groupon packages and began attempting to call and schedule a cleaning.  When my messages were never returned, I emailed...still no response.  The only way I managed to get a response back was when I posted on their Facebook wall.  I was able to schedule an appointment, (not when I wanted to, but fine) about three weeks out.  When the appointment day/time arrived (June 24th at 10am), no one came...I waited an hour then looked back at the Facebook page, planning to leave another message there.  I wound up finding a phone number there and sent a text.  I was told that I'd receive a call on Monday to "fix" the problem.  Monday and Tuesday came and went with no call.  It is now Wednesday and I'm fed up.  Will get money back from Groupon.  If you have one I'd suggest doing the same.  Even if you do manage to get an appointment, who says they'll show?  Total waste of time and money.  Worst customer service ever.  Companies choose how many groupons to sell.  If you can not service number of groupons sold, DON'T SELL THAT MANY!!! THAT IS FRAUD!!!It would not be difficult for this type of business to staff up for this type of event either.  They just want to take your money and run.  Criminals!
1	Horrible,  they never honored my Groupon.. They never showed up as scheduled and  once I did get through to find out what happened  they were not willing to work with me to re-schedule a time that worked for me.   Do not use these people, they used one excuse after another to explain their "issues" especially about not showing up.A business that puts themselves before the customer is not a business I choose to deal with.  I finally filed a complaint with Groupon and got my Groupon account credited.
1	I purchased the groupon for a 2 hour basic cleaning. According to the groupon, a basic cleaning includes the following:"During basic cleanings, a pair of technicians sweep, mop, and vacuum floors, and scrub windows, blinds, and light fixtures. They clean and disinfect the entire bathroom and scour kitchen appliances, including the fridge, oven, and microwave"I was not at all impressed with the service. The cleaners arrived late and left early. I asked them to clean the main living room, the kitchen, one bedroom and one bathroom. In the kitchen, they did not clean all appliances as stated. They left many spots uncleaned. The oven had sauce on it from when I cooked last night that they never cleaned and the counters were not cleaned well. In the bathroom, the floors were done but still very dirty. The living room and bedroom, the lampshades and the artificial plants were not dusted (as well as the wooden bed frame). The little they did dust was not done well - they did not move things - they just dusted around them. In the kitchen and living room they did not shake out the floor mats (they left one folded on a chair and the other was never moved). When I went to put the one on the chair back where it belonged after they had left it was dirty and made the floor dirty again as it was never brought outside and shaken out. When I emailed them about the service, they said they would come again for free. I emailed them 3 times and called and it took them over a week to get back to me. When they finally did they said they could schedule something over a month and a half away. I have emailed them back several times since but still have been unable to set anything up. They have HORRIBLE customer service! They take FOREVER to get back to you and when they do they are vague and make it difficult to set something up! When they do show up they do a crappy job.I will be contacting Groupon immediately advising them to never work with this company again. Go with someone else!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would!  As others have posted, I too bought a Groupon.  WhenI called to schedule, they said that they were booked a month in advance. So, we booked for a month out.  Well, they never showed up! No call, no show!  I called and left several messages and I emailed them.  Never heard back!  Gratefully, Groupon refunded my purchase price!  DON'T USE THEM!!
1	What a surprise (after reading the other reviews) - After calling for a straight month to schedule my Groupon cleaning I finally gave up and notified Groupon.  Groupon went through their process and told me I would be getting a reservation call from Xtreme.  After a few weeks of no call, I notified Groupon again.  After waiting a few more weeks I asked Groupon for a refund, which I got.  All in all, I called and emailed at least 10 times without a response.
1	Bought the groupon, left 5 voicemails, never received a return phone call... had to eventually call groupon and get a refund.  Terrible!
1	I bought a groupon in May.  They were too busy to honor it.  So I waited until August.  I have tried to reach them for 3 months and they never return phone calls or emails.  If you want to get flat out ripped off, use Extremecleaning.  They are the pros at cleaning your wallet of money!
