5	Incredible.  We started with the Musells with a medium sauce, spicy.  The entrees were excellent, good service with a good atmosphere.  I have not had food like this since I left New Jersey.
4	Great Service from the minute you walk in the door. it is a family business. The food was good. My dad had the special which was ravioli, he said it was great, I had the chicken parm. It was good, I prefer Gina's chicken parm. BF had the clams and the mussells he said both were very good. Did not have room for desert. Next time for sure.
5	I finally need to review Vinny's since my husband and I have now been there 5 times.  It has now become our weekly "carbo loading" night out before our weekend early morning marathon training runs.  My husband has tried something new every visit.  He LOVES the hot sauce on the side.  Some of the dishes he has had are baked ziti, eggplant parm, cheese ravioli, spaghetti with calamari, and chicken parm with spaghetti and hot sauce on the side.  I have only had the spaghetti and meat sauce every time, but it is AMAZING!  I can't even eat the entire plate, but at least I have leftovers.  We have also had the caesar salad, side salad and caprese salad.  All were very good.  The bread is always hot and delicious.  We tried the cheesecake and canoli once....they were just o.k.   The service is superior!  The hostess/owner(?) knows us now and is always so friendly and welcoming.  We will keep going back!  Great meal for a great price!
4	The Hubs paid a visit here with a group of friends for a birthday gathering and loved it so much, we had dinner here the very next day. As soon as we walked in, the hostess greeted us and recognized my husband from the night before and mentioned it to Vinny and he was grateful that we came in, thanked us for stopping by. Real nice peoples. Our server was Chris. He was great and on top of everything. My son and I shared the spaghetti and meat sauce. They split the plates and did NOT charge us, shocker considering every where else does. And they were even nice enough to make the plates look pretty full, awesome. I'd also like to mention that we came in on Wednesday when pastas are 2-for-1 from 4pm-8pm. With our drinks, pastas and appetizers, it was all under $20! Decor caught my attention because I love seeing B&W photos. Not sure if there's any close ties with the photos and the restaurant owners but I really liked seeing it. We'll be back :)
5	It seems that Vinny's close down we been there a few times love it . Wish I knew why they  are close even the number is not in service if anyone can give me information  on what happen that be greatstockups@aol.com
