4	Cafe Posada is what good, home-grown Mexican food should taste like. The restaurant  nothing fancy, but is bright and clean. Try the mesquite salsa, the chile rellanos and the Pollo la Parillo. And don't forget the tortilla soup -- tasty and satisfying enough to make a meal of it!There is also a lounge area with a pool table.
2	I have a rule about Mexican restaurants.  The first time I visit, I always order their tacos.  If the tacos are good, I can usually count on being able to find other items on the menu I'll also like.A couple of weekends ago, we arrived at Cafe Posada just after 11am on a Sunday morning.  The interior of the restaurant was nice and much more spacious than it looks from the outside.  Since it was still early, we were the second table seated for the day.  The servers were friendly and attentive.I ordered shredded beef tacos.  After a few minutes, our plates came out to the table.  The plates were hot and the rice and beans were pretty tasty.  However, the tacos didn't cut it.  It seemed like the shredded beef was leftover from the day before and as if all the flavor had been cooked out of it.So my dilemma is, the atmosphere and service were good but the food was really bland.  I'm still deciding if I'll give Cafe Posada another shot. Maybe I'll head back on a Friday evening.
4	I've driven by this place countless times and finally went in for dinner and was not disappointed at all.  The salsa was super tasty and the food was delicious.  We were eating late around 9:30pm and the rice was still super fresh (a good indicator they're not scraping the bottom of the pan and still keeping the kitchen at full throttle) as well as the rest of our meal. It looks like a little house from the outside but is pretty big on the inside.  The service was excellent and this will probably be our neighborhood go-to mexican restaurant from now on.
2	I had driven by Cafe Posada a million times and finally decided to stop in after we tried to hit Joe's Farm Grill for the Friday Fish Fry (they had run out).  The sign outside said "Under Old Management" which indicated to me that this was a good time to try it. It must be good!Alas.This is Mexican food like your white momma used to make. Think black olives from a can served on top of sour cream, shredded cheese, and some sort of variation of meat/beans. And we actually had to ask if they served alcohol because there wasn't an alcohol menu and the waitress didn't offer.
3	I want to give this place 2.5 stars until I can try something different. Went to lunch there on a weekday. Apparently we were the first one there. I guess whoever orders first for the day gets the call on the special of the day. So for those of you that went Wednesday, sorry it's taco. Looking at the prices on the menu, this place is definitely overpriced for your standard Mexican fare. The average food (not ala carte) is about $10-12. Taco was a hardshell taco. I asked for shredded beef. Taco shell is not home made. Your standard taco bell taco shell. I really really despise that. I want fresh deep fried authentic taco shells! Otherwise I can go and buy some Ortega taco kits! The shredded beef however was moist, flavorful and good. It wasn't totally dried up and flavorless as someone claimed. So basically the taco shell sucked, otherwise it was alright.
5	Wow, what a find! Great salsa, darn good house margarita, and the Pollo Pasado was wonderful! Great place for lunch as the service was prompt and the food came out super fast! The owner Oscar came to our table and shared various salsa's with us you can tell his restaurant is his passion. I was impressed by the quality of the food. After reading other reviews I was expecting something a little more bland and less thrilling, but honestly the flavors and quality was great. My new favorite find in Gilbert. Don't hesitate to give it a try!
4	Now here's Gilbert's best kept secret. I have driven by this building for years. It looks like a ran down building that you think is closed. But, tonight my wife and I decided we would give it a try. We were very surprised when we walked in. It's bright, clean, and edges on pretty. It was 180 degrees from the "run down building" we were expecting. The hostess, who was well dressed (I thought I was under dressed for a few minutes!) gave us a friendly greeting and thanked us for coming in. All the staff was just as friendly. The salsa was very yummy. The Guac, though was good, seemed a little over priced - I probably would stick with the yummy salsa next time. My wife had a simple combo with an enchilada and a taco. Very yummy. I had the Ultimate Burrito; it was okay in that it had an okay taste. The ingredients looked great (Chicken, grilled onions, carrot slices, green sauce), but, it didn't necessarily wow me (don't get me wrong - it was still tasty). All the food was well presented, hot (temp wise) and had a good taste. My recommendation - go for one of there more unique dishes. I think we would have been very wow'ed if we had done that. But, we were tired from a long work day and didn't have our brain's completely in gear. All in all; we are sure glad we finally stopped. We will be back.
2	Be forewarned, this is quite possibly the worst mexican food spot I have ever eaten at! If you enjoy authentic mexican food, don't go here!The only reason why I'm giving their rating 2 stars versus only 1 star was because our waitress was very polite and serviced us well. The food however was terrible! My husband ordered the two cheese enchilada plate, and the enchilada sauce tasted nothing like enchilada sauce! The rice looked like orange pasty mush and the beans tasted like canned beans. I ordered the chicken taco salad and this is the first time I've had cold chicken in my taco salad. I couldn't eat it! The only thing good was the appetizer sampler that we ordered. We were the only people there on a Friday afternoon and now I know why! Overall we overpaid for crappy food!
1	Tastes like Mexican food made by Canadians. It was so far from anything that I think of as Mexican food. I won't be back.
3	Their salsa gets an A+. Not really spicy, but high on taste. The fish tacos are solid and the Posada dishes are tasty. They have plenty of Negra Modelo on tap. My only gripe is with their hours. They close at 9PM on week nights - that might play well in Boise, but we need a little more time eat out here.
5	I can't believe that anyone could ever write a bad review of this restaurant.  We live in the neighborhood and this is a treasure (unfortunately a hidden treasure).  The owner is Oscar and he and the staff are always accomodating.  Their SALSA is the very best made anywhere.  Keep in mind sometimes it is hotter than other times depending on how much rain the Hatch chili's have gotten in New Mexico.  There is no way to describe how good it is.  Try it and you will agree with me, I am sure.  We always order the same meal.  My husband and self split the meat fajitas and always take some home.  Very good value for the money.  Surprised someone had to ask for a drink as 1/2 of the restaurant is a bar.  It is tastefully separate.  Please support this restaurant as they deserve to be in business.  (Closed Mondays).  On the s/e corner of Ray Road and Gilbert Road.  You will be glad you tried it!!
4	Cafe Posada is one of Gilbert's best kept little secrets.  Its a great little restaurant you've probably driven by many times on the corner of Gilbert and Ray rd.   You've got to try the Carne Asada or the Pollo a la Parilla.  The never compromise on the fresh ingredients and you won't be disappointed.  Pleasantly Surprised!
2	My Hubs and I really wanted to try this place out. We LOVE supporting local business and this place is very close to our house. We tried it a few months ago and sorry to say it, but it was not memorable at all. The food was pretty mediocre. I'm a blonde hair, blue-eyed Italian and I have made more flavorful Mexican dishes at home. I suppose it's not for those who crave deep authentic flavor, but perhaps it's acceptable for those who prefer a far less authentic flavor than you would expect from a privately owned Mexican Restaurant. The place has potential if they updated the interior a bit and changed the menu completely, but it doesn't even feel like a Mexican eatery. It was kind of off-putting. The music was odd, as well. We won't be back, unfortunately.
2	Meh...I've been here a few times. That said...When was this place built? I'm pretty sure the furniture is original... Check out the bar. What? I remember when TV's looked like that! The food os OK. Tiny little menu with only a few things to choose from. It is decorated like a Mexican restaurant. Maybe I missed something here but my opinion is that this place is like stepping into a time machine and being transported to outdated.
2	MEH... this used to be my favorite place years ago, took wife today, her black beans were cold and crunchy, I asked to see manager, he came over and immediately said "yeah, that's happened before, we keep them on salad bar and if anyone orders them, we just microwave some...."  then he walked off with the dish and never returned..no apology...no meal comp..nothing.... "HOT" salsa wasn't hot at all.  Prices were higher than other mom and pop places.  I like the interior, its clean and neat despite being "out of date" on the good side: Clean, good service
1	this place plainly sucks, unless you have not taste for great Mexican food than you should go here.  The food was discussing and the black beans were way undercooked, which he said that's because they were for the salad ( I want them cook even for my salad) nothing like a cold crunchy bean. The salsa was way to runny and had no flavor but the chili powder or what ever was it in. It's not worth the price they want...GROSS GROSS GROSS
4	I am fan. We finally went here after many years of just driving by. It is not very impressive by the look of it, but the food is really good. Order the Posada items, they are really yummy. The service is good. the salsa is really good. We will go back again. The price is right.
