5	Overall, very pleased with Sierra's handling of their auctions.  I have spent in the tens of thousands at their Auction's this year and they really get some great items through their doors.  I personally like their off site auctions at their client's locations.  They just are not so congested and are easier to navigate.It can be hit or miss as to how many people are there and bidding on the items you want.  I have found historically that at their larger auctions, there is enough to go around so to speak.  You will see many of the same people at every auction and I have made some great local and out of state contacts through that.  Their auctioneers especially know how to engage the bidders and I appreciate that as it makes the task of spending lots of money fun.  I recommend paying in cash to save the 3% Credit Card Fee.  Also, read up on their auction terms and types of auctions as I always see someone that got confused and ended up buying more then they should even though the auctioneers called out the terms at the beginning.  These things move fast and I found it best when first getting started to watch one whole auction before ever bidding so you understand the flow. The only thing I would really like to see them hone in on is customer service.  Occasionally, issues arise and I think it would be great if they had one point of contact or phone number available to assist bidders.  This applies more so to their online auctions as there is always plenty of staff available on site.  This could be a positive for them as they could follow-up with the larger spenders as well and remind them to get their butts to the next auction.So great experience!  Go buy some stuff!
3	Great selection but their fees make the guns WAY overpriced.  They charge 12% on top of the price you win the bid for then you pay taxes on everything.  I am not sure why people keep bidding on these guns when you can sometimes buy them new for less.  The place here is huge and if you do not come to inspect a day early you can miss your chance to bid since the line to pay the $200 deposit to bid is long....then you have to collect your $200 at the end if you don't buy and I am sure that line is long also. They sell almost everything here and you can bid online also if you don't mind paying 20% fee on top of your bid price....you getting the picture yet?  I think Sierra does a great job with what they are dealing with but I would save the trip.
2	I can't say they didn't answer my question.  I can say the answer isn't right.  I was bidding on a recent auction online.  I watched the auction on their website and watched the lot I was bidding on sell before my eyes to another party for less than my maximum bid.  I call the bidding company who could not answer why this occurred and when I got on the phone with Sierra, they were professional and courteous, however the answer was simply "We made a mistake".  I asked them to reverse the mistake and was told that they couldn't.  I appreciated the response but the result doesn't smell quite right.  They sold an auction lot for less than the maximum bid due to a mistake in their process.  Not only did I lose the lot but the seller didn't get what was due to them, either.  I can say that whoever choses to bid at their auction should A) do it in person and B) watch very carefully as, in my experience, everything is not going as it should be.
2	really disappointed in my last experience.  lost items i had won because they claimed there was a credit card issues on a card i had used with them many times before that had no chance of being declined.  probably 75% of the electronics i have purchased here have been unusable.  a few deals to be had, but like all auctions this is buyer beware.  out of probably 30 laptops purchased there, not a single one has worked without a large amount of parts and work.  cell phones are usually reported lost/stolen.
