4	Honesty. This is what has kept me coming to Scottsdale's Car Repair Company for the past 3 years.I own a late 90s Japanese passenger car, so I'm not a frequent visitor of the shop. Every time I do need work or want to take it somewhere I feel confident in the labor, I come on back.Turn around time is very good, an oil change will usually take around half an hour and is moderately priced. They have won numerous awards for excellence which are displayed in the office.The staff is accommodating and pleasant. The owner is usually present in the shop as well. If there is extra work that might need to be performed while your vehicle is being serviced they will contact you before the work is done or parts are ordered to verify you want the work completed.They offer a shuttle service for major work (read: not oil changes), which is great if you can't talk someone into driving you around. And if you do have to wait there are a few restaurants around the area you can walk to and relax at. (if you're adventurous you can walk about two blocks west to TT Roadhouse for a drink)Overall the shop is clean, the service is timely and the price is reasonable. If you're looking for a car shop in the south Scottsdale area, look no further.
4	When Bill Heard Chevrolet in Scottsdale went belly up a year ago I was forced to find a repair shop for my Chevy Blazer.  I have now been to the Car Repair Company three times for oil changes and am increasingly pleased with the service.  Every time I visited Bill Heard it was several hundred for this and several hundred for that.  Car Repair, on the other hand, does a thorough inspection and only seems to charge for what is necessary.  Today I spoke directly with the mechanic and he gave me a complete run down.  He reviewed my repair records and drove the car.  Last time I needed a new idler arm but this time it was good news with only a few minor things for next time.  He even thought I could drive across the country with the shape it was in.  Although I have no plans for a long road trip I felt like he was confident with the inspection.Four stars for now and wait and see how the summer goes...
5	I have been a customer of the Car Repair Company for 8 years now.  They've seen three of my cars for both maintenance work and for repairs, ranging from minor to major.The owner has fair prices, ensures that his team thoroughly explains the problem found, gets permission before conducting repairs, and delivers when promised.Everytime I've been in to the shop, I've been treated as though I was family.  Today, they took it to a whole new level.  This morning my wife's car smelled like gasoline...they got me in without an appointment first thing....got the part...and repaired it, all within two hours.  That would have been great enough, but what took it to a whole new level?  The office manager was cooking up lunch while I was there...RIBEYE steaks of all things, for the team.  When they invited me to join for lunch, I thought they were kidding.  No way they said....and here I am stuffed after downing 14oz steak.  I'm still shaking my head in disbelief.Car Repair Co has a life-long customer.
5	When the oil change light begins to glow in my car, my heart sinks. I detest getting my oil changed.  You'd think it's easy to do....after all I'm not doing the work. What's insanely difficult is finding a shop that is reliable, reasonably priced, timely, and doesn't sales pitch you or pressure you for additional repairs when all you wanted was the oil changed. I got a mass flyer in the mail and to my surprise this shop is so close to home. I made an appt over the phone for the same day. I'm not sure of their regular rate, but with the coupon I paid about $31 after tax. The guys were friendly and professional and I think I was out of there in about 35-40min. The oil change service includes an inspection and they explained to me what my car could benefit from/need within the next visit or so. It made sense too, given the mileage of my vehicle. I appreciated the information and not being pressured into doing anything that day. I can't stand the typical sales pitch and "add ons" that shops try to sell you, and frequently if I get fed this pitch I don't return. Ok, first time, good experience gets a repeat visit from me the next time...which is more than I can say for the last 3 shops I tried! Thanks!
5	It was that time again-the oil light came on in my car. Normally I would sigh in exasperation at the mear sight of it, but now I have the Car Repair Company as my go-to for oil changes. I had such a good experience last time, I didn't hesitate to call them again. I just so happen to get a coupon in the mail as well for their signature oil change service. I was done in about an hour and although they had a few recommendations for me, it was no pressure. It was more like: here's a few things your car could benefit from that you can think about for next time, no need to do anything now. Nice! I was very curious about my brakes too. I haven't been having any trouble with them at all, but about 6mo ago when I took my car to the dealership, they recommended new brakes saying they were all worn out. Huh? I hadn't heard barely a squeak or felt any lack of stopping power. When I asked the guys at Car Repair Company, they said my brakes could benefit from a cleaning and/or adjustment the next time I came in, but that they did not need full replacement, and nothing needed to be done right now. Thanks for honest work and an honest recommendation.
5	Just had some brake service done and once again a great experience. Once you are on their mailing list you get coupons in the mail, so I was able to use one. It was easy to get an appt and after dropping off my car Jim called me with the estimate. I thought it was very reasonable. He also mentioned that my air filter could use replacing, as they had noticed it before on a previous oil change. When I asked how much he said it'd be less than $20 as they only charge you for the part, no labor to change that.  I had an air filter changed once at a jiffy lube and felt I was way overcharged. These guys at Car Repair Company are fair, they do good work, and it's really comforting to be building a trust with a repair shop like this one. It takes a lot of the anxiety and stress out of having car work done!
5	I have been going to the Car Repair Company in Scottsdale for many years, and have always been extremely pleased with the service and repairs. I have a 2002 Tahoe with 215k miles on it and have had in it for routine maintenance and service. It's not often that you can drive a truck to that many miles, and they keep it running perfect. A good company with great mechanics!
5	great service and customer service. able to fit me in right before the thanksgiving weekend, without batting an eye. and even dropped me off at my house with their sweet shuttle ride!
