3	There are a couple of Vietnamese dishes that I've liked, in the past, but I've usually ordered them when dining with friends, and I can never seem to find them on subsequent visits. As a result, my experiences vary widely. This Pho Dau Bo is in a newish plaza, and the restaurant itself is clearly also quite new. The decor is pleasant and modern, but not otherwise mention-worthy. One tip: if you're going there in the winter, it can be a bit chilly, especially at the tables near the door. I'd recommend the inner row of tables instead. The food was decent--I had a bowl with a skewer of meatballs, a spring roll and "vermicelli" (rice noodles that are thinner than the usual, udon-like ones, but aren't really as thin as vermicelli). Pretty good, I guess. The meatballs were fine--a little dry. They had a unique flavour to them, but it wasn't strong enough for my tastes, so I dipped them in various sauces for a bit more flavour. The spring roll was tasty--I quite liked that! The vermicelli was kind of bland--it didn't come already tossed in a sauce or anything, so I added to it, from the sauces on the table and the small bowl of sauce they gave me, which they said I was supposed to add to the noodles. It wasn't a new favourite, but it wasn't horrible, either. I'll keep hunting on future visits to Vietnamese restaurants, I think.My companion had Pad Thai, and he liked it well enough, though he did say that the Pad Thai taste aesthetic that Vietnamese restaurants pursue seems to be quite different from what he's had at Thai restaurants (though there's also a fair bit of variance from one Pad Thai prep to another in general, and even among Thai restaurants). He prefers the style made at Thai restaurants, but this was pretty tasty as well. So it was a thumbs up from him. The restaurant was pretty busy, of a Sunday afternoon--not super big, but still well-frequented--when we came, there were maybe a couple of tables (in the drafty part of the restaurant) empty, and by the time we left, it was full. Not a table to spare.  So, it may be that this is a local favourite, and I just have yet to find *the* dish that will make me want to keep coming back for more! I don't have kids, but there were quite a few kids there, with their families, and they seemed fairly kid friendly. Or maybe the kids were just very well-behaved. Either way, the young'uns seemed happy enough the time I was there. I don't know about booster seats etc., though, as all these kids were old enough not to need them, I think.
3	that's for the food though a 4 for its impressive reach--10 locations!  Always gives props when a franchise branches out like this.Ordered their special: a bit of everything--beef, flank, beef balls, and the usual garnishes.  But the soup is where it's at; good but not overwhelmingly to make u go back again anytime soon.At least I'd trust this one over the typical hole-in-the-walls, as I'm a bit weary of how clean these places, or any resto for that matter can be.It's clean, well-lit, and plenty of seating.  It's in a busy plaza, w/ Shoppers & Walmart for the shopping types.
4	My go-to takeout restaurant when Idon'tfeel like cooking. Their pho is one of the best ones I've had. My favourite meal from them is #448, which is the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork and spring rolls. The pad Thai is good but sometimes they overlook the chicken....which is probably more about my own taste preference because my husband said it was ok.Anyway, you don't come here for the ambience. You come here for the food. The price is really great for good food.
5	The 'Cha Gio' (spring roll) is top-notch, and so are the pho and vermicelli dishes.  Take-out order is always fast and efficient.  This location in Kitchener is convenient for employees and workers in and around the neighborhood.  Price is quite cheap compared to others around.
