4	Dr.  Sheehane is wonderful.  He is patient and kind and caring.  There isn't much about your heart he doesn't know about.  He makes me feel special, he's not what I call a 2 minute hit and run Dr.His nurses are always willing to go beyond to make you feel important.The only complaint I would have would be the over booking by the scheduling department (which is NOT at this location) and the check out process which is a bit time consuming.  The front desk people are warm, knowledgeable and apologetic if there us a wait.Go here.  You won't be sorry.
1	Not very happy with this location. The staff is horrible. They tell you one thing, but found out that's wrong. When you're dealing with someone's heart situation, it's scary and the staff should make it easier for you. Dr. Chanderraj doesn't have a great bedside manner. After he ordered my stress test, he still wasn't satisfied with those results, so I was told I needed to get an angiogram. He told me that he wasn't going to do it, but that an associate of his would be doing it. His office staff said that they would be calling me to schedule the procedure. Once the date was set, Dr. Chanderraj's office said that they would call to go over what medications that I could and could not take before the procedure. I was also told that the hospital would call me two days before the procedure to register me over the phone. "Great!" I thought. Not great it turns out. When the office contacted me to go over the meds and arrival time I missed the call and they left a long message. I tried to call right back, but it was a Friday at 6:30pm and it was a three day weekend. When I did get a hold of them Tuesday morning I had to leave a message. When the nurse called me back she was incredibly rude and had the tone of voice that I was bothering her with my silly questions. The Thursday before my angiogram I still had heard nothing from the hospital. So again I called Dr. Chanderraj's office and asked if I was doing everything I need to be doing before the next day's procedure. They informed me that on the original message they should have told me I needed to go to the hospital prior and register plus do blood work before 3:30pm that day. Two hours later the hospital called not to register me, but to go over meds again. They also were nice enough to tell me I had till 4:30pm to register that day. Needless to say once we got to the hospital we were hit with an extremely large bill that I had to pay at that time or be forced to reschedule the whole thing. Apparently the doctors office was supposed to inform me of this bill prior to everything. If I had a choice of going to somewhere else I totally would have, but Nevada Heart is the only place my insurance covers. Not a happy patient. Their staff at this location needs some major help! I'm surprised at the lack of order and just overall attitude I've experienced here.  If you can check out another doctors office do so.  When dealing with any health issue, especially my heart, I would have expected a better level of care.
1	If the experience couldn't get worse. It did! I go in for my follow up to my angiogram and expect to just see the doctor and go on my way. I'm informed I have to do another EKG. They hook me all up only to tell me to take my bra off. So they have to unhook me from the machine. They did say I could have one of those crappy paper gowns, but If your a larger girl you know those things never fit! So off came my bra and I laid back down. Now during this time 3 other nurses came in and out of the room opening the door enough that anyone walking by could see in. I'd really rather not display my "girls" for all to see. Not to mention it's steaming hot in the room. So I'm sweating my bum off while they are telling me to relax. They obviously had none of my information from the hospital cause they asked me what the results were of my angiogram. They proceeded to ask me a lot of questions I figured they would have already had and then said the doctor would be in soon. There we waited for 20 more heat sweltering minutes until finally Dr. Chanderraj came in. I'm happy everything ended up being ok. I never want to have to come back to this location again! I hope if your reading this you don't have to go either!
