3	The tacos here are pretty good =) A-OK in my book
5	I had the #1 - 2 chicken tacos beans and rice for 4.99$.  It was delicious.  Added on a medium soda for a total of $6.83.  Was ready quick and food was great.
4	Well had an amazing burrito from here it was just a carne asada but it was very good ! I will be back to indulge and get my Mexican food fix =)*side note* Their salsa bar is near the soda machine in a industrial cooler just look for the silver door near the soda fountain .
1	A food catering truck has better food than this restaurant... Service is good but the food is gross... Wouldnt recommend
4	This was an interesting little discovery.  It is in a small strip mall that is mostly empty next to a tire shop.  You have to literally drive through here to find. It is basically a quick serve taco shop akin to a Roberto's.  I had a chicken taco plate.  It was pretty good.  It seems they put more effort into their food and service than they do at most taco shops.  The prices are noticeably lower than other taco shops.  Very reasonable prices.  Overall, the food and the prices are a good value.  I gotta say, this will be my taco shop of choice in this area.
4	Adios Roberto's hola El Charro. I went for the carnitas and they were delicious. Friendly staff but definitely in a hidden corner
4	Fabuloso! I had a chicken chimichanga and it was HUGE and so delicious! We also ordered some chips and guac and they FRESHLY FRIED the chips. So, so good! Everything was fresh and the portions were large. This will be our new go-to quickie dinner spot. I just docked one star because I wish they served beer.
4	See "Bud W." review. As you can tell this is a hole in the wall place but sooo much better tasting food than Roberto's. I don't know what they season the carne asada with but it gives it a much better flavor than the blandness of Roberto's. Always quick service and good service. Definitely worth the hunting, finding and stopping here. 9am-9pm
3	I can't figure out the rave reviews people are giving this place. There is virtually no difference between this and other hole-in-the-wall Mexican fast food places like Robertos.  The prices must have been raised since opening, because the #1 meal for $4.99 is now $5.99.  I had the asada burrito, which tasted good but I found gristle in almost every bite.  My wife had the asada taco salad, which was $7.00, and was not very big.  Overall, I thought it was a bit overpriced for what you get.  We were the only people there and it still took about 15 minutes to get our food.
4	Good food. Went in about 630p. Place was empty. Order to go was quick. Had chicken enchilada combo & a carne asada burrito. Cheap prices. Will definitely be back to try more.
3	This is a little hole in the wall place that's a bit hidden. I only noticed it one day because I saw it driving from the opposite direction. Looks to be family owned and operated, which I appreciate and like. My sis and I ordered a torta of carne asada and I got two tacos to go. They had a nice salsa bar selection. I definitely liked the red salsa. The horchata was delicious. It's a small little restaurant but there is plenty of indoor seating. The food itself was okay, nothing too impressive. I felt like my torta was missing a lot of key ingredients like sour cream and guac. But the staff was very friendly and because of that I would give them another try in the future.
5	on Saturdays and Sundays they serve menudo, best menudo I've had since I moved here to vegas, if I remember correctly the owners are from guadalajara and their recipe for menudo is on point, you can order it to go as well for la cruda (hangover) after a night of drinking.., everything on the menus great, from chile rellenos to California burritos, always great service with a smile. highly recommended!
4	For starters, you can easily miss this place if you are not paying attention because it is tucked away behind the Chevron/McDonalds and next to a service station. On my first visit I got the number 8 which is normally a Beef Burrito, Cheese Enchilada, Rice, and Refried beans. Since I do not eat meat, they were happy to substitute a bean burrito instead. I had no idea how much food could really fit into a little take away container! The bean burrito was huge and tasted fresh. The beans were seasoned well. None of those bootleg, bland bean burritos you will find at other Mexican places in town. The enchilada was also amazing and did not get lost in sauce. Although most people focus on the main dish, I must say the rice and refried beans on the side were amazing as well. None of the watery, flavorless beans or burnt crispy rice you are served elsewhere. While they are making your food (less than 6 minute wait for fresh take-out), you can visit the "salad bar" and get plenty of sauces to take home and try. I prefer the hotter sauces, but they have a wide variety. On my next visit, I just wanted a quick snack and got the chips and guacamole and that hit the spot. Freshly made chips and tangy guacamole was just what I needed!Once your food is ready, get a big cup of Lemonade or Horchata and you are ready to roll out like an autobot!
2	Stopped here for lunch. The girl inside was nice and the menu prices are fair. The carne asada burrito I had was lacking flavor and a bit fatty at times. I wasn't impressed with the quesadilla however the fried taco was so-so. I thought it was weird they had Christmas decorations up in September and inside could have been cleaner. The whole experience was under average I don't think I'll be back.
3	This place seems somewhat hidden behind McChevron. Walking in we were greeted and given a chance to glance over the menu. The food is made fresh to order and they have a free salsa and veggie bar. Priced just under $3, I ordered a "Cheese Quesdalilla" and a "Fried Beef Taco" for around $2. Can't say I was a fan of the quesadilla. The tortilla tasted store bought and the cheese was lacking and had a somewhat pasty texture. The fried beef taco wasn't bad actually, but the chicken taco at Roberto's, grease and all, is by far better and larger in size. They have plenty of tables inside and you can call your order ahead of time too. The employees were very nice and inside was clean, but with other nearby options for lunch that I have enjoyed more and this place tasting average or just under, I can't see coming back.
1	I ordered the nachos and they skimped on the cheese. When I asked for more cheese they said there will be an extra charge for that. It was basically nothing on my nachos. The rest of my order was greasy and soggy no comparison to the famous Roberto's. The portions are incredibly small and way overpriced. My recommendation find the nearest Roberto's and stay far away from this place. It's funny but chorro in Spanish means diarrhea
4	El Charro's Taco Shop is a great place for breakfast, or conversely, breakfast for dinner. I would recommend the Charro breakfast special ($6.99). It's pretty darn spicy and comes with a side of rice and beans. It's basically Chilaquiles. The huevos rancheros is another great dish. I think it's the #11. It comes with over-easy eggs layered in between corn tortillas topped with a red sauce. Shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, and a side of rice and beans accompany the dish. It's a family affair at El Charro's! The husband is the owner and is on the register sometimes, the wife cooks, and a younger girl who I'm assuming to be the daughter cashiers as well. I love family restaurants! Customer service is great and the restaurant is clean.
