4	While this is just a tiny chain-restaurant in the mall, I'm actually quite surprised that there isn't any reviews here.  Maybe it's that people thought it didn't deserve a review or maybe it's that everyone's been here.Whatever the case, Sarku Japan offers great value for what you get.  As you walk up to get in line for good eats, there's almost always an employee with some chicken samples for you to try.  And you should have a sample because that will determine whether it's worth it or not for you since almost everyone gets the Chicken Teriyaki.  For roughly $5 ($7 if you get a drink) you can get some delicious Chicken with rice and vegetables and can even upgrade to double meat for $0.99 extra.  It's sizzled right in front of you, and the end result is absolutely delicious.  Their chicken egg-rolls are quite good too, so make sure to look for specials where it's included.The only drawbacks IMO are the fact that it's in the mall and the limited menu.  They have other items besides Chicken Teriyaki, but they're generally not ready-to-go and they don't taste as good.  If you can get by these problems, then hopefully you'll enjoy Sarku as much as I do.
5	This is my absolute favourite place to get food in the food court at the West Towne Mall. The food is perfect and amazing. You will not regret choosing Sarku. You might see someone giving out samples, make sure you give it a try, you will love it. Their is commonly a long line, which sucks but what are you going to do about it. And im not going to lie, its sometimes hard to understand the employees, but they do a good job. But when i have only a few bucks on me i cant grab sarku, since it will run you around $7-9 for a meal.
5	Best chicken teriyaki in Madison. friendly staffs, Good quality food at affordable price.Come and taste if you are in West Towne mall.
5	it's so weird that this is in the mall, it deserves its own little spot downtown or something. the fact that the veggies and meat are cooked fresh right in front of you is what gives it 5 stars!  it's delicious and the portions are generous. for 6 bucks you can leave with a lot of food, enough for the entire day maybe. get chicken teriyaki and springroll with veggies. yum!
1	Oh, my God. I have no idea if the other reviews are from friends of the owners or if people in this town have no idea what good asian food is. We came in from Chicago and looked on Yelp for a Japanese place (we really were looking for a hibachi restaurant, but none came up.) We believed the great reviews.IT'S IN A MALL FOR A REASON!! It's terrible mall food-court food at it's worst. Granted, we didn't get the teriyaki chicken that other reviewers were raving about, but we DID get the teriyaki shrimp. Meh to the fifth degree.We got it to go, so they dumped a ton of incredibly bland, tasteless fried rice in a styrofoam container. Ontop of that, they dumped the "grilled vegetables." People, this was 95% cabbage - almost all filler. There were two small sprigs of dry brocolli, which was something, I guess. Then came the shrimp. Oy. They were already cooked BABY shrimp, that the "cook" put on the grill to warm up, dumping a ladle of the tasteless teriyaki sauce on it. It's a good thing I asked for some soy sauce, because that plus a bunch of hot sauce I put on it was the only thing that gave any taste whatsoever.Oh, and the "maki roll" is a stale spring roll. Not good at all.Honestly, people. In what world can this be considered good, much less very good or great?!The workers WERE nice, although they were hispanic, which also should've tipped us off...
4	This is pretty good food right in the Food Court of West Towne Mall. If you are here shopping around and don't feel like racking your brain for where to go get your next meal, this is it! First up, they offer samples of their teriyaki, one of their specialties. Give it a try, you can always decide if you want to place your order with them afterwards. Chances are you would, because it's freshly stir-fried and warm. Besides chicken, beef, shrimp or a combination of meat and shrimp are all on their menu, together with a couple of appetizers and vege options. It's nice watching your food getting cooked. They make it right in front of you AFTER you order, which means everything is freshly-cooked and hot right off the pan!! It is definitely not common in food courts to say the least, which makes Sarku so wonderful. For the healthy eaters out there, they offer a hefty serving of fresh vegetables to go with your combo, complimentary!
4	Solid chicken teriyaki. For the record their "daily special" is ALWAYS chicken teriyaki (lol?), or at least every time I've been there (at least 10-20 times). There's always a food sample which is nice since I can satisfy a little sarku craving even without buying a whole chicken teriyaki meal.Double meat chicken teriyaki is basically what I get every time. I have deviated on occasion and tried shrimp teriyaki, but that was slightly bland and definitely not as good. The fact that the chefs make everything fresh adds to the experience for sure.Also it's about as far from authentic japanese as one can get. I don't know why some people think they're getting japanese food from here. The only thing remotely japanese about the entire chicken teriyaki meal is the sauce, which I bet isn't even that genuine. Teriyaki is never actually made with chicken either. It's classic tasty quick mall food that's more American than Japanese, deal with it.
4	Probably the best teriyaki chicken you'll find in Madison for the price it's at. Compared to the other two options for Asian food at the West Towne mall you'll get the best bang for buck from Sarku.I wouldn't recommend any of their other menu items though, and for some reason I always confuse "Chicken and Shrimp Tempura" for Chicken teryaki and shrimp tempura - which it is not. It's chicken nuggets and 2 small pieces of shrimp. Not recommended.
