5	I had to replace my back sliding glass door after my dog had an accident and smashed it. (He's a big dog, and didn't get a scratch). I called around, and this place said they could have my door replaced by the following day. I was able to bring my frame to them and pick up from them instead of having a technician come in, which is a plus that saved me like $200. When the frame was brought in they were actually able fix it that same day! Excellent, fast customer service. AND my door was only $115 when others quoted me $175+. I probably just had the standard basic glass door, but they seem reasonably priced.
5	Great customer service, they had the best price, and surprisingly did the job the same day! If I ever need glass work done again in the future I will definitely be using them again. I recommend this company to friends and family.
4	We called Glassbusters and one other company based on reviews to get estimates to replace the glass in our dining room. The two companies were very similar in responsiveness and provided the same price quote over the phone, but we ultimately chose Glassbusters. They answered their phone right away and were able to schedule an in-home consultation within a couple of days.Dave was the assigned salesman and he was very friendly and professional. Although, he was a late to the appointment because he used an outdated paper map rather than GPS. He answered all of our questions and provided enough information to upsale us on the three window panels instead of only replacing the broken single we had. We also chose to go with the Low E option to cool the dining room, which was the hottest room in the afternoon.It took about one week for our window order to be complete and to schedule an installation date. Our salesman, Dave, was also our installer, but was again late to the scheduled time. He said his first appointment had ran late, but we would have appreciated a call to let us know of the hour delay. Dave had a very professional and personable attitude and worked quickly. One thing, it seemed that with paying over $800 they would clean the windows at the end of installation. Overall, the service and quality were good.
