2	I'm eating what could be a baked potato, but it may be a slab of leather...I'm not quite sure.  My BLT salad was supposed to be grilled chicken with a balsamic vinaigrette, but it's Italian dressing with fried chicken...hmmat least the girl upfront was nice...
5	This particular Wendys has been getting too much business from me and I dont like it. Im trying really hard to slim down the ole waist line and eating here does not help.The salads are delicious.  It's healthy. When theres cheese, grilled chicken pieces, yummy dressing, and other yummy's.The chili is awesome ,  I'm crazy about all the beans.I used to make this stuff back in high school. Wendys was after all my very first J.O.B. I used to get the fries and make myself chili cheese fries all of the time !Out of all the fast food places, Wendys apparently has sentimental value to me. My first paycheck and my first slice of financial freedom.This location just happens to be the place I worked at. I come here everytime I am in Vegas, I love the food and the people are still nice.
3	After getting an oil change on my lunch break, I needed to find something quick to eat that wasn't going to make me a total fatass. It had been a while since I had been to Wendy's and I remembered hearing they had new salads, so I decided to give them a try.The employee that was working the drive thru was one of the fasting talking people I have ever encountered... I had to ask him to repeat himself multiple times. I ended up ordering an apple pecan chicken salad and a baked potato. The salad came with pomegranate vinaigrette salad dressing that was excellent, so tasty for a fast food joint.  The baked potato wasn't the best ever but for a cheap, semi-healthy lunch it did the trick. It is likely I will try this Wendy's again if I need to pick up something quick to eat that won't make me feel like I need to do an extra hour of cardio at the gym later that day...
2	I would never usually review a fast food restaurant unless I've had a pretty unique, review-worthy experience. And I do have one.Wendy's was our last resort before driving back to LA. In-n-Out's line was way too long.  But boy our problems did not end there. This was so long ago that I can't remember all our troubles with this establishment, but I do remember one. My friend ordered a Wendy's chicken sandwich and he got it, WITHOUT THE CHICKEN. If you know, a chicken sandwich is just bread, lettuce, and chicken. Yup. He was missing the whole chicken patty.I've never laughed so hard in my life.
1	PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE.stupid dude cant count. stupid manager can't accomodate. I swear this place is owned and operated by retardes with scalding cases of derpes.
2	Way to fail, Wendy's! I saw a commercial for baked sweet potatoes last night and decided to swing by Wendy's for lunch today to get one. I was also picking up another one for my coworker, two chicken ceaser wraps, and a salad. I went at 11:30, just before the 'standard' lunch time. Wendy's only had one sweet potato available. The lady taking my order thought I said I wanted chicken ceaser sandwiches. I corrected her, but I still ended up with the sandwiches instead of the wraps in my bag. Glad I checked the bag before driving off!
3	I usually don't like reviewing fast-food joints; unfortunately, I have to on this one, due to the fact I constantly visit this Wendy's more than any of the others, especially in the last 3 months. I eat here on occasion for a quick bite, which it has been either around lunch time or late at night. Now, the food will remain the same since it is a corporate-owned fast-food restaurant; therefore, I have no problem with the food, especially the Baja Salad (with no dressing) - superb! Service, on the other hand, can  vary depending on the time you visit this particular location. When I get off the "normal" Vegas shift, roughly 11/1130 pm, and in the mood for Wendy's, the service is standard - no waiting time, no rude service, etc. The late/graveyard shift-workers are exceptional at their job. Around midnight, my friend and I ordered one medium lemonade drink and a small soda drink. Instead, the guy who took our order ended up accommodating us to two medium-sized drinks and charged us for one medium and one small. (I think he was hitting on my friend, but who knows?) Now, there were days after my morning exercise (near brunch hour), I have gone to Wendy's (this particular location) and have gotten the opposite service! The staff during this shift tend to talk more and gossip among themselves in front of the customers, which I have witnessed seeing orders mistaken due to miscommunication on their end, which included mine. I don't know how many times I hear disgruntled employee murmur under their breath as their walking by. I understand it's a minimum wage job, but in front of the customers? Really? I don't know how many times I hear the same employees gossip about one another in front of me as I'm ordering and confuse my order!All I'm saying is be observant when visiting this specific location
3	Average quality. Slow service,
2	Must be the slowest fast food workers I have ever seen. To stand at the counter for 3-5 mins before even being greeted when there's 4 people in the kitchen and only me inside and one car in the drive thru is pretty bad service
5	My husband and I were going through the drive thru and Neil had phenomenal customer service. Definitely will be back thanks to him.
4	I was here for the first time with my girlfriend back in May. I like Wendy's but there were a few issue. They never had the baked potato and they were not loud enough to call out the food.
1	Horrible! Don't waste your time coming here. Service sucks and they are VERY slow!! They forgot my order and I was waiting for more than 30 minutes. Almost every person was complaining. Ditch this spot and go to McDonald's haha
1	Like many I wouldn't even think on reviewing a fast food restaurant but on this occasion I have to...if I could give this restaurant a minus two starts it wouldn't be because the food...my girlfriend loves it and I tend to enjoy their chili...is good!!...on August 19 I wanted to enjoy chili for lunch and offer my girlfriend to bring one for her , so on my way home I decided to run by the drive thru as many time I have done...the staff has always been great but to my surprise this time was the very unprofessional manager who was at the window with the other female employee...I normally will ask for extra crackers for our chili and I have never ever before had been refuse by anyone to drop a few more into the bag...this time the very unprofessional manager refuse to give me some extra after telling me that each chili order gets two packages!!..yet my order which was two chili's only had three in the bag..now..either she was having a bad day and for that she shouldn't be either at the restaurant much less the window or she needs to get her attitude check or be retrain in customer service and customer satisfaction..I don't plan to return to that restaurant as long this lady is there...I forgive but don't forget because as she is I am in the customer service and as much as I may be having a bad day I don't feel a customer should take anyone's frustrations and she shouldn't take hers on anyone...maybe that's why the employees aren't happy working there either!!...well hope the red hair girl do something about this she got great commercials..
2	This location is fine.  My complaint is for corporate. Corporate, please bring back the old burgers. I can't stand the sweet pickles and red onions and the natural fries I miss the old Wendy's and from the empty stores I Drive by It looks like most everyone else misses the old Wendy's too. Maybe bring back a classic line of the original burgers and fries?  Wendys used to be a regular stop for me and my work friends but now we avoid it like the plague.
3	I stopped in through their drive through today and ordered for myself, my husband and my son. They forgot my sons chicken nuggets and our food was "warm" not pipping hot like it usually is when i come here for lunch. Not sure what happpened. I will call it in and update my review once I speak to a manager. Otherwise, for those coming here, beware of the homeless and sketchy characters that hang out. Thats normal for this side of town. Its behind the strip to its notorious for loiters. I would suggest ordering via drive thru and taking your food back to your home or hotel. Wendy's has great food and this is a high grossing location BUT for its customers it may not be so great to visit after dark.
1	Went to this location a few times with my husband. We get chicken nuggets and baked potatos. The first time we went there they had run out of baked potatos. The man at the window seemed not to care and said the shift before him should have baked more for his shift. Why couldn't he bake one right then and there? We left with the other items we ordered. The second time we came back we decided to give them a second chance. Same story: no baked potatos. I can see not having baked potatos one day but two times in a row? C'mon now. We haven't been back since. It may be just a baked potato but I expect a restaurant to have menu items.
