5	It is so nice to visit a restaurant in Phoenix and feel like you are getting a little piece of the architectural history of this city-That is exactly what owner Aric has achieved in his reclamation of a well-known, historic beauty salon - now a pizza parlor and bar.  The atmosphere scores 10 out of 10, with attention to design details and re-use of the original building components, including original salon chairs and artwork!The food scores 11 out of 10.  Yes, one louder.  Try the roasted beet salad with walnut crusted goat cheese.  Trust me.The yukon potato pizza is surprisingly my favorite, took several visits to order because it just sounded weird....carbs on top of carbs?  But, as I should have known, of course double carbs are delicious.  duh.Especially to note is the herb/veggie garden along the entry-I don't know how they do it, but possibly they should consider gardening classes in the desert.  I would be first in line.
4	I called Frenchy late and asked if he'd eaten and he said no. We picked a place that was close, a new joint on Camelback opposite Best Buy that used to be a hair Salon. He said it was a pizza place but that is not on my healthier new eating plan so he checked the menu and said they had lots of other choices and that if  it looked lame we could go somewhere else. I left the Esplanade and was there in two minutes and was pleased to pull into a BIG new parking lot with plenty of spaces and cars that clearly belong to people who are gainfully employed. Every new place in Phoenix seems to think that parking is optional.Get real, if we wanted that sh*t we'd move to Santa Monica. I like the freedom of having my vehicle and not getting on the light rail or any other b.s. on someone else's schedule. There was a young guy in the parking lot attending to details and making sure the place was buttoned up. I asked him if I should actually go in and if the place was any good and he cheerfully said YES, with such enthusiasm that I marched right in. I was immediately surprised by the shaded patio which had cool tables, block walls and plants, and the surprise continued when I went in and found a cool, sleek simple space with good music and a lot of happy looking people working, eating and having a late Friday lunch. The service was good, two friendly people greeted me as I looked around to see if my friend was there yet, and I was immediately seated, given water and olives and provided a good fresh iced-tea. I sat at a large wood table in the window overlooking the cool patio and notice the other room had a large bar a bunch of high top tables that seemed to seat six. This was not what I expected when he said "pizza joint" it's way beyond that and very pleasant and open and light.The menu was simple, a lot of great pizzas, half a dozen fancy salads, some sandwiches and about half a dozen app choices. They also had a good one page wine list that will be expanded and a COCKTAIL MENU AND FULL BAR!!!! Another rarity, FYI restaurant guys, beer and wine does not cut it for everyone. My buddy came in and was cheerfully pointed to me and when he sat down I could tell he was surprised as well, "This place looks pretty f*cking cool", were his exact words. I agreed and we ordered the Calamari appetizer, (had some specific name I don't remember) and I had a grilled chicken salad with tomatoes, blue cheese and candied walnuts and he had a sausage pizza with arugula and fresh sage, I think. All the food was great, I had the small salad and he had the small pizza and they were both well sized, we are both 6 foot and 200+ pounds and we were full. Eric came over and introduced himself and told us a little about the pace, his family's other restaurant (Nello's) and that they had only been open four days! For a brand new place they were doing great and if they maintain the service, food and great attitude I saw today it will be a once a week place for me. It's nice clean, casual but hip, would be a good place for a date or just lunch with a friend and brings a nice touch of a personal place to the Camelback corridor. Check it out and take a friend!
4	I have to say that I really enjoyed my experience last night dining at the parlor. The space is ultra-chic and was very well redone. I was impressed just by walking up to the entrance from the parking lot. The food was delicious; we started off by sharing the cauliflower gratinata. It was very good. We then followed that up by splitting a 12" margherita pizza, a small parlor insalata (without salami) and a small farm greens salad (minus the chicken). The pizza had a good mouth-feel and was somewhat more airy than AJ's pizza. My dining partners only gripe was that the wine menu could have used descriptions of the wine. Overall was really impressed with the Parlor and can imagine that it would be in my regular rotation, especially for happy hour!
4	Normally, I go to a new place at least three times before writing a review.  Parlor has earned a quick review by handling larger crowds than expected, pretty much from the very beginning.  I have tried the Caprese salad (twice), Funghi, Margherita, and Smokey pizzas.   Nothing has blown my mind, but absolutely everything has been better than acceptable, one might even say "very good."  Sure, this is not Bianco's wood-fired pizza, but you can get in, eat, pay, leave, get hungry and eat again at parlor, faster than you can get a pizza at Bianco.  They also feature a happy hour in the bar, and I have heard rumors of a late-night menu.  And I almost forgot, beautiful space: faithfully preserved inside, lovely patio with fresh herbs planted and a general airy hipness righteous enough to go around.
5	Went last night with a table of 6. Had a great time -- got to sample several different pizza's and were impressed by the quality of ingredients used in the toppings -- I loved the sage and sausage combo, and that fact that the pepperoni was actually spicy! Can't say we were blown away by the crust, but it's inauspiciousness allowed the amazing toppings to shine.  We were also impressed with the remodel of the space, in particular the desire to stay true to the mid century bones of the space, while adding a modern, yet organic edge. I loved the reuse of the salon chairs as bar stools, and the vintage photos of the salon next to the washrooms... One last thing, not sure it was intentional or not, but we enjoyed the $7 pitchers ($2 pints) of PBR -- it brought back fond memories of college.
5	This place is a home-run.  I knew as I walked in the door.  Archtecture is killer.  Barternder is a pro (known him from other places).Food was fantastic, and very reasonably priced.If you like like AZ88, anything from Craig DiMarco, Hanny's, Anything from Chris Bianco... you will love this new restaurant.
4	This is my new FAV place in Phoenix.The food is amazing, and for those of you who miss Fiamma (The James) you can have it back with this great little joint.The food is all hand crafted and has flavors you wouldn't believe.Try the duck club and you will be come addicted after the first bite. The bread pudding is to die for--and do not dare leave without trying one of their "muddled" specials. FRESH kiwi with vodka, YUMO!
5	As everyone says, the food is really, really good.  I prefer the pizza here to Cibo - Cibo is great, but it can be cheese overload.The veggies tasted really fresh, the bread is made on-site and was tasty and well-textured, and the beer selection is on-point.  I'm excited to go back when I don't have to scurry back to work.I'm not going to mark it down for the bad service we got - but it was terrible.  In case the server is reading this, yes, we meant to give you a shitty tip.  That's what you get when you ignore a table for fifteen minutes before we have to call you to order, when you take our orders with an attitude as if we've worn out your patience simply by being present, and when you act like an all around douchebag.
4	I went to The Parlor last sat for my birthday with 7 girlfriends and had an amazing time! Our server was fantastic and prompt, the food was wonderful, and the space was really cool. My favorite dish was the Roasted Beet salad- it is the perfect size and really flavorful. We also had the calamari, tomato and red pepper soup, Margarita and pesto pizza. Everything was tasty! :) Also, our waitress came by to apologize for the pizza's taking so long (we honestly didn't even notice) and gave us another order of free calamari and any dessert we wanted which was a great bonus.My only complaint- our cappuccino's were cold. I do get annoyed when you go to a restaurant and you can tell they put a great amount of detail and work into their presentation......... then you order a nice after dinner coffee. Which is either cold or crappy. That's a bad way to finish a meal if you ask me. (Sorry, rant is over!)So, back to the review, I had a wonderful experience at The Parlor and will be bringing all of my friends there! Great food, great prices, great service, great space. :)
4	The food is money. The service is bankrupt! I love the food but our server was a joke she had no clue what was even on the menu. She moved slower that my 80 year old grandmother! Can you say airhead!
5	So far I've only been to the Parlor once, and I had a fabulously delicious salad... but I'll be back.I am always thrilled when a business takes an architecturally interesting building and updates it while preserving all that's good with the original structure.   In fact I feel so strongly about this that I absolutely boycott businesses that tear down wonderful structures and build their own all-new places on the gravesite of what once was.This is a place that looks like, from the street, there might be very little parking - but don't be fooled!  There is a huge lot in the back. The Parlor was an old beauty parlor.... not someplace you'd think about eating italian food, but the building update they undertook is just awesome and wonderful in every way.  They preserved and integrated exposed old wood beams, and even the beauty parlor chairs - faithfully and painstakingly cleaned and preserved -  are now bar stools.   There are just too many details I want to look at again.   I noticed that there is a stunning fireplace outside, this will be a must-stop once the weather turns chilly again.   (Please: someday it will be chilly again, right?)I'm mostly talking in this review about ambiance because that is what struck me most strongly, along with the deliciously fresh salad I had for lunch that day.   As an aside, I was there really really late for lunch - like 2:30 pm - and the cook didn't notice my order had been placed by the waitress -so after about 15 or 20 minutes, I asked if she could check on my salad.... then I got it right away.  This was no big deal, I had been reading the paper and it wasn't an obnoxiously long delay.... well, they absolutely REFUSED to let me pay for my lunch.   The cook profusely apologized.  The waitress profusely apologized.  The manager profusely apologized.   Very, very classy place.   So despite the glitch, I think they still deserve 5 stars for going above and beyond to make sure I was happy.I'll be back!
5	This is hands down my new favorite restaurant!  The food was outstanding and the service was equally good.  Our server was very attentive and extremely knowledgeable  - not only did he do a great job walking us through the menu and offering some tasty suggestions, but he also shared some interesting facts about the space (the use of recycled/reclaimed materials and solar technology).  The handmade pasta and wood fired pizzas are the best in town.  And the best part, the prices are incredibly affordable.  Check it out!  You won't be disappointed.
5	My friends and I loved the parlor from the moment we walked in the door.  The whole restaurant is amazing but some of my favorite things were the raised vegetable garden next to the front door, the bar with beauty parlor chairs, and the "men" and "women" cutouts in the bathroom door.Aside from being pretty the parlor serves up good food too!  I ordered the pizza of the day, which was an amazing combination of peaches and pruchuitto.  My friends and I also shared a cesar salad and a yummy cheesy cauliflower appetizer.  Our service was just right.  I will go back again.
5	Two thumbs up. We tried many items on the menu and were very pleased with quality, presentation, and taste. Owners did a great job of retaining the mid-century modern architecture and incorporating the previous building uses into the design. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Gabe, our server, was great. Highly recommended.
5	All the great reviews are true!! The ambience is great, especially on the patio!! I had the pizza - tasted amazing! My fiance had the Italian grinder and the best fries either of us have tried in a long time!!! Our server was really nice too! You have to check it out if you haven't already!! We're definitely going back!
5	I'm pregnant and at the moment obsessed with pizza pies.  Over the last few weeks I have checked out every hip pizza place in the entire Valley in a quest to find the best pie of the moment.  Last week I heard about The Parlor from Mr. Bob McClendon who told me that aside from Chris Bianco's place, it was his favorite pizza place of the moment.  (McClendon supplies produce to both establishments).  Let me tell you that The Parlor is going to give Pizzeria Bianco some majorly stiff competition.  The Parlor gets my vote for best pizza in the Valley because while their pies are just as fabulous as Biancos, The Parlor has an ultra cool interior, and most importantly, less of a wait time (at least for now).  I checked out The Parlor yesterday for lunch and despite a pretty full house I found the service to be absolutely wonderful...then again maybe they were just fussing over me a bit because I was eating solo and preggers....
4	We went to The Parlor on a Saturday around noon ... we even planned ahead so we knew on that day that's where we were going for lunch (we usually just drive and end up somewhere (new or old).  Either way, we arrived and went in - looked around a bit and decided to sit at the bar - good call.  Bartender came right over and got our drink order and gave us menus.  We asked for recommendations, and he told us what he liked and when we had questions, he was more than accomodating about each menu item we asked about.  I saw Pabst Blue Ribbon on tap and had to have one - this is the very first beer I ever had when I was a "kid" back in Indiana.  The beer was cold and delicious - very pleasant surprise.  We both ordered pizza - I ordered the barbecue chicken and my wife ordered the margherita with pepperoni and mozz ... they were both delectable!  I ate all of mine, and finished hers - not normal ... but oh so good!  The atmosphese is very cool - the place used to be an old Beauty Parlor - now it's a new Pizza Parlor - The Parlor - go figure!  We'll be going back - I work close to here, so I may be going back more even during the work lunch.  Check it out - you won't be disappointed.
5	Leave it to me to order a sandwich in a place known almost exclusively for their pizzas. Typical Bacon Boy. So, while Ayesha S ordered the 8" Funghi and Robert M the 8" Margherita, I was drawn to the Duck Club sandwich. Not just because it has bacon on it! Okay, maybe largely because it has bacon on it. Thinly sliced smoky duck breast topped with thick strips of bacon and an interesting sweet sauce were the perfect marriage for a sandwich, although it seems almost insulting to classify this as only a "sandwich."They have Guinness on tap and two seemed like a great start to this meal.
5	This place reminds me a lot of The Vig, modern atmosphere with good looking people inside.  The parking to my surpise was plentiful and easy to get in and out even though the place was packed.  As this is within walking distance, I will deem it my new favorite Pizza Place.Now on to the food, the menu is affordable, not cheap, I like the cheese and meat boards concept, although I realize when they say hard cheese, they mean HARD cheese, next time I'll go do something a bit softer.  The Peach and Gorgonzola special of the night was a fantastic parring for my Summer Ale.  I look forward to being back for many more samplings.
4	Tried this place for weekday lunch.  We arrived before noon and good thing since they have a big lunch crowd.  (not to worry, plenty of parking in back and seating outside w/ misters)  Kudos to Aric and Monica for stopping by our table several times to make sure service was great or they fixed it.  We started with the Bruchetta, which was piled high.  The we had the Smokey (arugula & smoked prosciutto) and the Marg pizzas. Almost had the Pabst on tap, but went for the Dunkel since its harder to find.  As if the food wasn't enough, the decor and ambiance was over the top.  The herb garden as you walk in and the bar with the salon chairs was a nice touch. Can't wait to go back.
5	It is sometimes difficult to start out busy and maintain great standards from the beginning.  The Parlor seems to be nailing it.  Hip yet comfortable decor.   Very creative design, and I loved he subtle yet present homage to the former tenant Salon de Venus.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a warm and sincere smile, and that same enthusiasm was felt by every single staff member we encountered.  Ah the food!  Fresh ingredients, a great light pizza crust, and an original beet salad all  had us raving.   The only minor picky foody issue was the Nectarine Crustada for dessert was luke warm at best, would have liked a nice hot dish to melt that delicious ice cream.  But why nit pic?  This place is a big hit, from the moment you walk past the fresh herb and vegetable garden,  to the fantastic staff and the  savory food, this place is already on my regular rotation.
4	In this day and age of many pizza concepts around the valley sometimes it's tough to figure out which one you actually want to visit. For me it really has to be a complete package for me to sit down and spend my hard earned money. In my years of package peeking I think I've become quite the expert and can quickly sum up if it's worth exploring or not.One part of this package is coifed, bobbed, styled and blown; Salon de Venus was making women beautiful for 58 years in the same location on Camelback and 19th Street.  The star shaped bricks along Camelback are unmistakably Phoenix and remind me of being a wee package peeker growing up in the valley. The new owners Dan and son Aric Mei deserve so much credit for preserving the wall and repurposing many of the items used in the old salon space. Every time we turn around there is something being ripped and bulldozed over to make way for the new with no respect to the old, hats off to them for their thoughtful redesign. What has been done to the new space is simply amazing. The sheer volume and proportion of the main dining room while open, has a sense of coziness and interest with the use of wood and other recycled materials. You can tell that the building is special and well thought out with so many details you can discover something different on each visit. Since the space is so well designed and inspired, what about the menu? Created by two local chefs, Jared Porter and Jerry Alday, the duo has seemed to have created a delectable menu based on their own experiences using fresh local and seasonal ingredients. There is definitely a sense of this commitment walking up the path to the entrance. They have many of their own herbs, vegetables and citrus growing right there in planter boxes. I even noticed several eggplants growing which I hope to be lucky enough to try on an upcoming visit. While the menu is pizza centric, there is also a varietal of sandwiches, salads and pasta. For the kid-set there is a section just for the younglings to choose from. Aside from Mac and Cheese, this part also includes a B.L.T. for the more sophisticated baby-foodie, how cool is that?Looking at a great package I like to allow myself to enjoy other more subtle parts of the package, in this case the balls. Arancini ($8) which are big and satisfying balls of creamy risotto, deep fried then served on a bed of pomodoro sauce. These are some of the tastiest balls I've had in ages and are a must when ordering. Having a similar impact is the Cauliflower Gratinata ($7) that uses cauliflower mixed with aged white cheddar cheese and topped with breadcrumbs then roasted. Basically a cauliflower au gratin, it's a delight to scrape some of the baked cheese off the side of the dish and spread onto a slice of grilled bread. For something a little bit different, the Eggplant Cannelloni ($8) uses slices of tender eggplant in place of pasta. The slices are still stuffed with cheese and served on top of Parlors wonderful pomodoro sauce sans the heaviness usually associated with pasta dishes. On the lighter side, salads are done very well and almost all come in 2 sizes depending on your appetite. On one visit Parlor was actually offering a salad special that was composed of shaved cabbage, Queen Creek Olives, sliced cucumber, cherry tomatoes and cubes of fresh avocado with a refreshingly addictive oregano vinaigrette ($9.50). In a similar preparation, the on menu Parlor Insalata ($6.50) showcases some of the freshest veggies with the addition of crispy chickpeas and salami which both add a heartier dimension to this robust salad. While the heat coming from the wood-burning oven couldn't be felt, you can imagine the waves of sultry wind as your face closes in on the best part of the package.  Coming in at 8" and 12" sizes, you can have it a few different ways, your way or the chef's way. Though why limit yourself to just 8" when you can have 12", right? The 12" is plenty to share between 2 diners with decent appetites since the crust is light and thin. The wood burning oven and the chefs do a great job of combining the perfect yin and yang of slight char and crispy golden perfection, Parlor has some seriously great crust! Yukon Gold Potato ($10/$14) is so simply built its near perfect. Roasted potato, gorgonzola cheese, leeks and pancetta has that sort of down home accessibility you might actually finish a whole one by yourself. Desserts are treated with much thought here but are kept simple and satisfying. Seasonal Fruit Skillet ($7.50) was much like a fruit crisp that mom would make. Made with the tastiest fruit then topped with a layer of pastry and baked until just right, was only made better with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.Taking my time with each bite, savoring the quality and preparation, it's the smaller moments in life that can be so memorable. So when you get a chance go ahead, take a peek at that package, you'll never know what you might find unless you look.
4	We went for a late lunch on Saturday.  This place is great.  Love the garden as you walk up to the door from the parking lot side.  Food is excellent.  The pizza was really good.  Fresh ingredients, freshly pulled mozz, fabulous.  And PBR draft for $2, what a screaming deal.  We will be back.
5	I Loved everything about this place from the moment I walked through the garden/patio entrance. They actually grow an assortment of their own vegetables right on their own patio, how cool is that! Not to mention it's a very inviting space. Inside was no different, it was modern and hip but comfortable too. I was pleased with the menu, descriptive offerings reasonably priced. My friend and I ordered the Arancini which is Fried Risotto Balls with cheese snuggled on a bed of pomodoro sauce (see pics) These are just Delicious!! You could make a meal of these I wish the serving was larger. I also ordered the Funghi Pizza that had Wild Mushrooms, Goat Cheese, Truffle Oil and Chives. Yum Yum! (see pics) At 8in. it was easy to eat by myself, but would have been plenty to share as well. The goat Cheese gave it just the flavor it needed to be great, some fresh herbs would have only improved it's greatness. My friend did the build your own pizza and got Spinach, Tomato and Basil, my battery died so no pics, sorry. We swapped slices and I really liked hers as well. I had other plans for dessert so we didn't order here but I know I will be back, they have so many fabulous items I want to try and I just love the space too. They said they were working on updating the website to include the menu so hopefully soon you will be able to click and drool, but for now read these reviews and look at the pics, then head immediately over to The Parlor! Just a Tip: It's located directly across the street from Best Buy on Camelback and 20thST, it's easy to miss, but that should help you find it!
5	I wanted to do my own thing and only give this place four stars, but I realized I have no justification for doing so.  I loved every bite of my meal, the service was fine, and the ambiance was killer.  I'd describe the space as very open and very welcoming, but in a modern/mid-century modern wrapper.  The pricing is fair, the beer selection good.  Fresh herbs growing out front is a nice touch.  I like it a lot, and expect to be back soon.
4	I have now visited The Parlor twice; once on a Thursday evening and once on a Friday evening. Right off the bat, I love the inconspicuous nature of The Parlor, you could drive by 3 times and still never really see the presence of a hustlin' bustlin' hip pizzeria. Parking at new & hip restaurants is normally a bear to say the least, but some wonderful and efficient thought was put into the design, making the experience of tackling parking, a whole lot less stressful.As you walk in (dont miss the fresh herb garden on your righthand side), you cant help but feel the modernist and contemporary stylings.....its the VIG and LGO Pizzeria blended into a wonderful concoction.During the first visit, we sat on the patio around 530pm. Yeah, it was 105 frickin degrees outside, but with the mist system they have cooling the air and fresh plantings it was quite comfortable. We enjoyed appetizers and a meat/cheese plate to start, and then a pizza with oliver tempanade, Schrieners sausage, and gorgonzola cheese. All of the food was light, fresh, and filling.  A satisfying first trip.Round two was on a busy Friday night, around 745pm. Expecting to wait an hour, we were pleasantly surprised that it was just a 20 minute wait for a party of two. In the meantime we enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar and spent half our time watching Sportscenter and half our time people watching... after being seated in the main dining room, instead of trying another meat/cheese combination or appetizer, we dove head first into 2 pizzas and a bottle of vino. We tried the traditional pepperoni and then the yukon gold potato pie. Again the food was fresh, well cooked, and served in a timely manner.The Parlor should be your new pizza epicenter if you like friendly service, fresh tasting food, and a centrally convenient location.
4	This place had great pizzas, and great ambiance.  The wine, beer and drink selections were very good.  The service was so-so, our waitress was a bit rude, but other than that, I really enjoyed my meal!
5	Oh hell yes!Now this is what I'm talking about baby! Freshly prepared pastas, delicious inventive salads, and fancy pizza I actually like?? I must be dreaming as this simply cannot be Phoenix.In the business of full disclosure, I'm not a fan of fancy pizza. I prefer crispy, thin crust, NJ style pizza. For The Parlor however, I make an exception. The dough is just a touch fluffy but fantastic. Each pie is cooked to a perfect crisp in their wood burning oven. Their ingredients are top notch, many of which they actually grow themselves.I've been to The Parlor probably 4 or 5 times at this point, and I have yet to eat/drink anything that wasn't mouth-watering. Yes, the pizza and salads are great, but the pasta, holy crap THE PASTA!!! Being a young girl growing up in North Jersey, pasta (spaghetti bolognese in particular) has always been my comfort food. To the point that it's the only thing I ever bothered to learn how to cook, and I hate to cook.But after sub-par Italian restaurant after sub-par Italian restaurant in Phoenix, I found myself cooking far more than I like. I am thrilled to say that I am have to cook no more! Because The Parlor makes one hell of a delicious bowl of Pappardelle Bolognese. The pasta is the perfect texture, practically melts in your mouth. The bolognese sauce is thick and meaty as it should be. Literally, heaven.I always order the small size, for the reasonable price of $10, and have never once finished it. I feel like the large size may feed me for a week.Another great thing about The Parlor is their beer and wine list. Extensive and cheap!!! And by cheap I don't mean 2 buck chuck, but I mean they don't mark up their bottles nearly as much as many of the other local establishments that I frequent, and this recession-living girl appreciates that. Huge list of beers on tap, and they serve them in pitchers. Something about a nice restaurant willing to serve me my beer in a pitcher that warms my heart, can't explain it, it just does.I think it's fairly obvious that I am turning into a regular at The Parlor and am actually pleased about it, and if you're ever in the hood, you should be too.
4	I really enjoyed this new trendy pizzeria. Good beer selection, good pizza, decent prices all in a clean modern atmosphere. Smaller pizza's for you to try a few different ones and maybe share with friends. I didn't make it for happy hour but it looked like a pretty good happy hour for drinks. Also they had PBR which is always a good sign in my book.  The only reason I am giving it four stars and not five is because I didn't get a pizza with tomato sauce. My wife and I had two specialty pizzas. I base my review of a pizza place on their signature tomato sauce. I may go tomorrow for lunch to try just a regular pizza with tomato sauce and may upgrade my rating to five.
5	this place is awesome. GO. & soon - already decent wait times. OH, pitches of pbr for 7 bucks. yeah, yeah. shut up.GO GO GO.
5	"All we need is because, come and party with us "just had a belated birthday dinner party with what i consider my family. figured parlor was the spot to try, yes there are other places i want to try. but this jumped my bookmarks. rolled in bout 6:30 parking was scarce. wait was 45 mins. the waiting patio is cute. herb garden, outside fireplace *off* and the most awesome door i have seen on an eating establishment yet. wood. yup i got hard. 45 minutes later seated. party of 4 nice table sans-booth on this roll up. hostess was nice, introduced herself and asked if it was our first time. i blushed..how did she know i was virgin...bitch. why you gotta call a man out like that? oh well. waitress was nice, did a good job,..could be better..yea. but could have been way way way way worse. i aint gonna rip on someone doing their job unless they just miscarried in my food. that i cannot put up with. that thankfully didn't happen here so i got no beef. i did get some pork. yup sapriccio pizza, (sausage and yum moo!zarella) on a 8". also grubbed on the pesto on a eight inch platter, on deck was the pepperoni. all 3 pizzas was spectacular. gooey ooey and crisp, center of the bottom crust was firm and crisp, unlike bianco and metro which can have some cooking codensation. none here. just pure crisp, like a kit kat. ya know. 7 buck pitchers of PBR. the beer selection was really good. but i was bout the ribbon tonight. grabbed some bruchetta.. some coal charred bits of awesome covered in some sweet and savory toppins. pine nuts, red sweet peppers, some great spreaded cheese topping to hold in all on board. made a great start. pizza was bomb. i'm talking manhatten project bomb. i was blown away like a 1940's japanese soldier. flavors are well put together for signature pizzas. plus you can build you own.. gonna be here a lot more. price isn't bad. actually affordable. i really wanted to snatch a menu because they do not have one posted on the website. worth a trip. hell well worth the 45 minutes wait. i saw plenty of daters coming in and then walking away. come on clown. it's only time. any ways...i think it's a great addition to the cenpho area. viva non-chain revolucion ya heard!
4	Have you ever had a vision of how you think something will be, and the reality isn't what you thought it would be? Well, I think that may have been a bit of my problem with The Parlor. After reading the reviews of this place on here (and I trust y'all!) I was very excited to visit the Parlor for my birthday dinner Thursday. Sooo...The good: the pizzas were amazing! We had the Yukon Gold and the seafood pizza and both were delicious. Maybe not as great as Pizzeria Bianco, but we also didn't have to wait 3 hours. We sat on the patio (yes, in July! it wasn't bad at all). Also, as some previous reviews have mentioned, they have PBR on draft....which made me giggle. The "meh" (I won't say anything was bad about this place, but just meh) The service was pretty slow, and the server not super friendly. She wasn't rude, but just sorta lackadaisical. The appetizer (meat and cheese plate) was really small for 4 people (and we asked if it would be enough) Seriously, we each got one piece of prosciutto, one square of pita, and some cheese. We also had the ginger martini, which the server recommended, and it was basically a shot in a martini glass for $11. Overall, I would go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice. However, it is a great addition to the downtown Phoenix/Biltmore circuit, and I definitely would have their pizza again!
5	I have been to The Parlor three times in the past couple of weeks, and everything I have tried has been excellent.  First, the pizza's.  I have had the Margherita, and it is sublime.  The hot wood-fired oven makes the crust perfect, and the taste of the bread is wonderful.  Same goes for their twist on the BBQ Chicken pizza salad.  Instead of raw red onions, you get grilled shallots.  Some heat is added with serrano chiles to give it wonderful heat in the back of your mouth.  The cheese they use is also great, and it is among the best pizza's in town (which is saying something with places like Bianco and Patsy Grimaldi's in the valley).For sandwiches/burgers, I had the brie and mushroom burger, which is divine.  The fries are also top-notch (ask for the garlic aioli on the side).  The Duck Club is another instant favorite of mine, with applewood bacon, garlic aioli, and red-wine jam.  The flavors just explode on your first bite.Finally, the soup I had was great.  It was a split-pea and braised pork soup topped with a dollop of creme fraiche.  The velvety flavors of this soup must come from the fat in the pork.  Don't worry about calories and just order it if it is on the menu.The decor is great as well, and when it cools down in the valley, it will be a great place for outdoor seating.  Service isn't the best, but I am sure they will improve as time goes on.Not only do I love this restaurant, but everyone I have taken there has also fallen in love with it.  I am sure it will be a Phoenix institution for years to come if they keep their innovation and quality up to par.
5	This past Friday night found me wanting a way to unwind after a crappy day.  A friend suggested pizza, but neither of us were in the mood for the usual.  He searched Yelp and came up with The Parlor and its great reviews.  we decided to give it a shot.We showed up around 6:30 to a packed parking lot.  There was a long wait for a table inside, but we opted to eat on the patio and were immediately seated (after, of course, a Scottsdale mom and and old dude each cut in front of us).  Our waitress was Lisa.  She brought us water and made drink recommendations.  The drink special of the night was some sort of watermelon/vodka/lime juice concoction, which she highly recommended.  I took her up on that while my friend ordered a Blue Moon Hefe (on tap).  My drink was AWESOME!  I expected some sort of syrupy-sweet watermelon-flavored drink, but what I got was real, pureed watermelon!  Really good, really refreshing... and really refreshing at $9!  It was worth it.After mulling over the menu, we decided to split the spicy BBQ chicken pizza, sans green onions.  We waited a short while before our pizza was brought out.  To my dismay, I noticed green onions all over the pizza.  We flagged down our waitress and asked for a new one.  True to her word, just five minutes later we had a fresh pie.  This pizza was, perhaps, one of the BEST I've ever had.  The crust wasn't too thin or too thick, the BBQ sauce was wonderfully flavorful and just enough, and the serrano chiles were really hot.  The 12" was a perfect size for the two of us to split.  We weren't overstuffed but weren't left hungry, either.For dessert, we ordered a seasonal fruit crostata, which that day was nectarine.  It was served with a small scoop of vanilla gelato.  this was a fantastic end to a perfect meal.  The fruit was sweet and tart, the crust was flaky and sweet, and the gelato tied it all together.Altogether, our bill came out to $49 and change, which I felt was a great value for a meal that included three drinks apiece, pizza, and dessert.  Oh, and the pizza?  We're both still talking about and craving it.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
5	Totally MM (Marriage Material).I LOVE this place.-Easy parking and access-Separate dining and bar area-Shaded patio seating-Fresh ingredients-Approved portion sizes by yours truly-Good service-Good coffee and they offer french press (totally MM without the prenup)
5	Perfect...really.
5	After hearing all the hype regarding The Parlor, we decided to check it out for the first time last night. The place is amazing. Very clean and modern. With that in mind, the building is understated and does not feel overwhelming like some spots in the valley. The service was amazing. The food was unbelievable. The drinks were stiff. What more can you ask for? I certainly recommend trying the funghi pizza with a fresh farm salad to compliment. With dinner, we shared a very reasonable bottle of Boom! Boom! and topped everything off with a table side french press for two. I can't express how much we enjoyed our experience at The Parlor. They have made a customer for life!
1	Over-rated, Pizza is mediocre, sauce lacks taste. Very expensive
5	I realized I broke a self-imposed rule with my previous review of this place: I sampled (and thoroughly enjoyed) a pasta dish, and then added this place to my Pizza list.  Without ever actually tasting the pizza.  So last night, I made that right.  I got a pizza.  YUMM-O!  I ordered the 8" Smokey, and sampled a slice of my friend's Puttanesca (sp?), and found both to be excellent.  The cheese on my pizza was as smoky as suggested by the name, and the seafood pizza had a lemon-y flavor that complemented the spice nicely.  I'd highly recommend either, but I think the rest of the table would suggest that the Smokey is the better choice.  Also: try the Basil Vodka Gimlet.  At $11, it's a splurge, but basil fans, this is your drink!  I tried a fruit mash, which had plums muddled in it, and enjoyed it, but the gimlet was pretty amazing.  We also ordered dessert, which I think were "share sized."   I loved the crostada, as i believe it was called, with vanilla gelato over a fruit-filled pastry crust.  I felt it to be the perfect summer dessert, as opposed to the more traditional Italian chocolate- or espresso-based desserts filling out the dessert menu.  They also have other gelatos, which I'm looking forward to sampling in the future.  Our service was good but not quite great, the restaurant was slightly more busy than on my previous visit, being later in the evening.  It had cleared out mostly by the time we left, however.Anyway I continue to really enjoy this place and look forward to returning.
4	I hereby nominate the Parlor's basil vodka gimlet as best cocktail in the Valley!The pizza's good. The pastas are house-made - and well, I might add. Great sauces. I love the salon chairs at the bar - a nod to the building's previous incarnation.But that drink. I'm tellin' ya: Best. Of. Phoenix.
4	I am giving 4 stars but will say it is 4.132548. I liked everything but the service. Granted they were a little busy but the server seemed to care less. He was there to answer questions, know his stuff but the actual service was a bit lacking. He actually told me "I forgot about you" LOLWe split a:Parlor saladPesto pasta with chicken (small) served with breadSmokey Pizza (Small)Everything was really good. The salad was fresh and had a great mixture of veggies. We loved the crispy chickpeas. The pasta was very good, great flavor, plenty of pesto, a little light on the chicken and portion but it was a small size. We quickly went through the one piece of bread, and used the crust of the pizza to soak the rest of the pesto up. The pizza was excellent, great combo of flavors and the crust was spot on. (on par with Pizza A Metro)As I said the only downfall was the service.
4	To those as sick of going to LGO Pizzaria as me: It was so wonderful to walk into one of our small architectural treasures that hasn't been torn down, but actually adaptively re-used and re-imagined into a gorgeous, warm yet contemporary eatery.  I can't stop talking about the ingenious curtain wall of glass that allows the filtered light from the geometric concrete shade wall to gently glow into the interior.On my first visit, I wasn't feeling very adventurous , so I ordered the pepperoni and mushroom pizza with torn basil, and as pedestrian as that sounds, it  was simply the stand-out of the evening.  I loved all of the salads, but thought the Cesar Salad too salty for my tastes.  The creamy fettucini pasta I tried was scrumptious!  I tried another creamy pasta dish, but it had some raddichio in it that overwhelmed the delicate creamy identity. The anitpasto (going backwards here) was super satisfying and diverse.  I appreciated the dipping sauces, and the hard to pronouncecured meats and delicious cheeses that our waitress was sweet enough to repeatedly pronounce for all of us approaching our 3rd or 4th glass of wine.   I love that the coffee came in our very own little red French Presses, and that our waitress, when hearing the despicably dirty jokes being tossed around the table, chimed in with a few from her own repertoire.The 2nd time was at the bar, and the bartender didn't cut the muster for me.  He was slow, and we had to ask him repeatedly for simple things like silverware and water.  The food was just as excellent... my new favorite pizza spot for sure!
4	Great beer selection, especially if you're into Four Peaks brews.I had the Pesto pizza and added garlic. It was absolutely delicious. The only thing that was bothersome was we were sitting at the Pizza bar which happens to be next to where the food comes out of the kitchen and some guy that worked there kept complaining to the cooks/pizza makers about the food. It's like, if you don't like it so much why don't you get behind the counter and make it yourself?So besides the whiney man and semi-attentive server the food is absolutely delicious and the atmosphere is great.I would definitely recommend The Parlor to anyone who likes awesome gourmet pizza.
4	My friends and I decided to drop in here on a Friday night to grub and chug before we hit up the bars. We arrived at about 9:30 to a ZERO MINUTE WAIT (pft, Pane wants me to wait 3 hrs? I'd rather spend that time running back and forth between Pane and the Parlor feeding all of the hungry patrons waiting to get in Pane, the Parlor's delicious pizza and pitchers of draft beer).The inside is large and in charge. Dimly lit and very earthy inside. Big comfortable booth looking out the window to a view of Camelback that was obstructed by a giant wall with the beginnings of vines growing on it. Who wants to look at 20th street and Camelback anyways? +1 star for ambiance and overall look. Service was attentive most of the time, and although he forgot to get our straws and slipped up on one of our drinks, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. He was cool and recommended we try one of the "mashed" drinks and we went with Strawberry, but was accidentally delivered a kiwi one. It was one of the best mixed drinks I've ever had. Very fruity yet still very alcoholic. We went with a pitcher (!!!!) of Kiltlifter for 14bucks.  Not bad, we got 4 beers out of it. All of their beers are on draft and can come in the pitcher size.  They even serve PBR! +1 star for awesome drinks.We went with 2 personal 8in pizzas.  I think it is a great concept to allow patrons to design their own pizza with toppings and cheeses.  We got a pepperoni one with parm and a house sausage one with feta and basil and spinach.  Both came out in a reasonable time and were crispy as hell.  Delicious! Both pizzas were cleared within 10 minutes.  The house sausage was spectacular and I highly recommend it to anyone visiting the Parlor.  Very good pizza for the price, much cheaper than a Cibo or Pane pizza and of comparable quality, minus the wait and snobby staff. +2 stars for price and pizza.I see myself visiting the Parlor many times in the future.  Great beer, food, and atmosphere.  Service could be a little more attentive and personal but it was acceptable.  Phoenix has some amazing pizza in it's valley and can totally play with the big pizza boys of Chicago and New York. the Parlor can definitely hang.
5	My date suggested we go here. I had never heard about it and tend to think of myself as someone who thanks to Yelp and my desire to try out new places is a bit in the know but no ones perfect. This place though is as good as it gets for me in Phoenix. Walking toward the entrance, despite the nondescript facade and location I knew I was going to love it. Really liked the design job they have done and the interior is just perfect. I have yet to go to the Vig but can imagine it's the same vibe. It's one of the rare places I've eaten in Phoenix that not only scores on the decor and food but where I could sense there was a certain atmosphere (maybe from all the people loving this place as much as I did).The place was busy, and we went at 7:30 and were seated at the bar near the entrance. We ate at the pizza bar and though I could say that if there is a negative it's the seating that's composed of bar stools but found that you were a bit low in the stool for ideal eating. Not a big issue though. What impressed me was the food though. You can choose from a few selected pizzas or make your own with some great ingredients. They offer an 8 and 12 inch option and they very reasonably priced for the quality. We had the pesto pizza and I composed my own, putting in some mushrooms,mozzarella,fresh tomatoes,spinach and ricotta. Definitely was proud of myself because it was delicious and though maybe a small pizza for some choosing two 8inchers filled us both up. Decided to have a dessert even though nothing was nothing out of the ordinary, the Cappuccino Panna Cotta. Small portion but very very tasty. All in all already one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Only negative is that their website doesn't offer a view of their menu but this place made me feel like I wasn't actually in some standard restaurant in Phoenix and is a great addition to the Phoenix scene.
5	I love this restaurant!  Just had dinner last night.  The pizza was outstanding.  You can pick your own ingredients and I picked Gorgonzola cheese, roasted chicken, spinach.  It was outstanding.  The staff was very efficient and had my meal in what seemed like minutes. Since I wanted dessert, I shared my pizza with my friend and will have the saved pieces for lunch. For dessert, I ordered the Tiramisu which was also outstanding. Will definitely visit this place again. The atmosphere is very nice, muted colors.  Great for a date or after work.
5	I'm so in love with this place :) I tried the pepperoni pizza and I was AMAZED. i love that they have a fresh herb/vegetable garden in the front.  It's all about the FRESH ingredients these days.  I can't wait to go back and try different dishes. I'd like to try the cheese platters :) mouth watering as we speak.  going again to day so I'll keep adding to this review. STAY TUNED! BTW, the decor reminds me of the VIG but definitely more spacious dining area.
5	After reading the reviews about The Parlor I've wanted to visit for a few weeks now.  Currently their web site doesn't display their menu or have any pictures, if it had; I would have gone sooner.  The pizza is fantastic, better than Bianco's, Cibo's, or Grimaldi's.  The specialty pizzas are unique and I can't wait to try each one.  The French fries are great, tossed with a parmesan-parsley mix for a nice flavor, yet the menu doesn't do anything to describe or showcase these delicious spuds.  The only reason I knew to order them is other reviews.  Wait staff was good, hostess was not.  I guess I'm just used to a hostess that smiles and makes you feel welcome when you walk in.   I'll definitely be back.
5	Seriously, how did this place get so many reviews in such a short amount of time?  Were we all just dying for a new place in CenPho or what?Anyways, we finally went to the Parlor which opened while we were off staying cool in Washington, and I feel like we are late to the party.  Everyone has covered just about every aspect of this place.Walking up, you see the garden where they grow herbs, eggplant, tomatoes, peppers, and a few other goodies that they use for specials.  Inside, the place has been renovated wonderfully and it is beautiful.  The old 60's-style wall is really made into the centerpiece of the restaurant and I love everything about it.I tried the Watermelon Agua (vodka + watermelon juice) and it was amazing.  Be had the eggplant bruschetta and it was a wonderful combination of sweet and tart.  Brilliant!  We also ordered a pepperoni pizza and a potato pizza.  The pepperoni was by far the best because the meat was perfectly spicy and, I imagine, from Schreiners.  Finally, we had some lemon pudding with raspberries with a ginger cookie.  Strange combination but excellent.The food was outstanding and our server was one of the best I've ever had.  Can't say enough about how great this place is.  Glad to have it and ESPECIALLY glad to have it by the Colonnade (which is a culinary vacuum.
5	I also love this place!   My sister mentioned a "pizza place" she saw on yelp, this place is so much more than just a pizza place though ... very well-rounded ....great food, reasonable prices, nice ambience.   We had the duck sandwich and spagetti bolognese....they nailed both dishes....we left very happy.  Go here before it gets too busy (we went on a weekday at 12 and got seated right away..i can see this place becoming over-crowded soon).
3	I was thrilled when this place first opened because it's close to where I work and provided a decent lunch for under $20. The Parlor presents a strong offering with it's pizza crust and amiable service, however, it's actual pizza topping combinations and entrees are poorly balanced in terms of taste.The only dish I like there is their build-your-own pizza, where I usually get the feta, goat cheese, bacon, artichoke hearts, arugula (light, otherwise they pile enough on to make it fit for a rabbit) and speck. The crust started out nice, but as time went on it got limp so I had to specify that they take time with it (surprising since that's their core value). Otherwise, it's sturdy, just crispy just soft enough, and holds the imperfections that characterize a good pizza crust well.I tried their pre-selected topping pizzas twice, and both times felt they were bland and/or too savory. Their seafood pasta was nearly inedible, with some of the seafood being overcooked and rubbery. Desserts were quite inedible (chocolate cake (with fennel...) was dry and tasted like it was out of a box).Service during lunch was good, though during dinner the same cannot be said. I was also severely disappointed when they were unwilling to make simple accomodations for repeat customers, which re-affirms my conclusion that this is a nice lunch place, but lacks the experience in food quality and service to make for a good dinner.P.S. Ordered takeout for work once and had a co-worker get a sandwich; he was a little disgusted that the sandwich had large chunks of cauliflower on it. Did this chef go to culinary school? 2.5 stars.
5	Finally, number 300!!!  I better make this good.  I could not have been more excited to come to this place after coming home from a summer long trip in Washington.  Since we weren't footing the bill, we went all out and pretty much tried everything that sounded good to us.  Our server was sweet as can be and she was quite helpful.  When we asked what she would pick between two drinks, she didn't give the usual crap line "oh well, it depends on what mood you're in" and she told us exactly which one she liked best.  That made our decision for drinks the Watermelon Agua.  It was ridiculously tasty and refreshing.  For an appetizer we ordered the Eggplant Bruschetta, and unfortunately I can't quite remember the name of it.  In any event, I have never tried eggplant before and I was feeling adventurous.  I was certainly glad I did because the sweet and sour eggplant combined with the herbed ricotta spread and slightly charred bread made for an absolutely delicious and perfect sized appetizer for 3.We decided it would be best to split 2 of the 12 inch pizzas so we would have some leftovers.  We chose the Yukon Potato pizza (gorgonzola, leeks, yukon gold potatoes) and the Pepperoni pizza (um, pepperoni, basil, and red sauce).  Both pizzas were absolutely delicious!  The crust was thin underneath, but at the ends it was nice and substantial and great to eat on its own.  The ingredients on both pizzas were of exceptional quality and tasted great.For dessert we went with the special of the day which was an Italian Lemon Pudding dessert served with a ginger cookie.  The pudding was very heavy, almost custard like, but it had the smoothness of regular pudding.  The flavor was intensely lemon and it tasted delicious with the ginger cookie dipped in.  I would recommend this dessert be shared as the flavor is very strong and best shared with another person.Overall, I was immensely happy with this place.  The interior was cool and modern without being overt.  I loved how their "centerpiece" of the southern wall was carried out as a theme.  The take-out box had that motif as well as the border of their menus.  Possibly my favorite part of my visit was when we left and were admiring their garden.  The chef came out to grab some eggplant to use and we had a lovely chat with him and before we left he even offered a garden-fresh eggplant.  That was awesome.I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone.  I am so glad that we have this awesome new joint in a location I often find myself wandering.  Woohoo!
4	Been watching this place build up over the months as an admirer of the Armadillo Grill and found the opportunity to mosey over for my last minute Thursday night birthday dinner with my wife and friend. The place has always looked packed and we decided to see what the hype was all about. Right away - when you walk towards the entrance, you get a sense of the fresh smells and coolness of the place. We were greeted and told that it would be a 20 minute wait. No worries - we went to the bar and ordered some drinks. No wait on the order, even though the the bar was packed. We just stood against the back wall  people watching and compared some of the people to the Vig for sure without the douchbags standing in the walk way to the bathroom! But there were grandmas, families, guys having a night out, couples, it was a good diverse crowd! The place seems to have a more relaxed, cool vibe. Seats at the bar opened up right away and we got seated minutes after that. I was wearing shorts, t-shirt and hat and did not feel under dressed at all after looking around and seeing guys in tank tops. Our server was cool and did not rush us since we were in good conversation when we got seated. We took a while with the menu and when it was time to order - he was there. We ordered a $18 bottle of wine... Let me say this again.... $18 bottle of wine! Unheard of!We had the Eggplant Bruschetta as a starter - Wow! It was good! I was expecting pieces of bread breaking apart in your bleeding mouth, with all the stuff falling on the plate destroyed. No Way - it was good! A mix of sweet and sour with a richness that is just good!We chose to split 3 of the 8 inch pizzas($10 ea.) to get taste of everything. We ordered the Smokey, the Margherita and the Yukon Gold (?). The ingredients are so friggin fresh!!! Love Thin crust, wood fired oven pizza and this hit the spot! Usually I can eat a lot of pizza, but when you get something that tastes so good, you can have a few pieces and be set! The server had overheard it was my bday, so we asked what he recommended. He said you have to have the Tiramisu. Good size and def enough to share. It was rich and full of flavor and did not disappoint. The server even brought it with a candle! Just that attention to small stuff like that makes a meal a better experience! Good place! Like others have said - the interior was cool and modern without being too much for Pizza!  Keeping the block wall from the original building and making it the centerpiece of the room was done very well! Props to the design team for the interior. The open eating/kitchen environment makes it a great place to get a corner table and watch. I would recommend this place for sure. Even though some reviewers called it "Vig 2.0" - I do not think that is fair - because I would not recommend the Vig to everyone.Since I am a fan of the Armadillo, I know that the parking is a snap if you know where to go and esp. know about the lot behind the Armadillo's lot. So now you have no reason to bitch about parking and not to eat here! Don't Park at Best Buy either  - Your gonna die or make the traffic in that area a mess! Glad to have this place in my hood for sure!
4	After hearing rave reviews for The Parlor, it certainly had a lot to live up to. And my first visit last week, it definitely won't be my last. My dinner buddy and I headed to the Parlor after work on a Thursday to find the place packed. Good sign. We made a beeline straight to the bar and admired the warm recycled wood accents and sleek contemporary look. I had the basil gimlet and she sipped on garden mojito, and they were both refreshing and delicious.It was hard to choose from the delectable menu but decided to take advantage of the DIY sheet. We chose a meat and cheese plate with Humboldt fog (nice and clean), manchego (nutty goodness) and salami (salty and delicious). Then we decided to pick two 8" pizzas, and they ended up being more than enough. My friend had the barbecue chicken pizza that had a tart BBQ sauce, perfectly cooked chicken and fiery mini jalapeno peppers. We created another pizza with fresh tomatoes, wild mushrooms, homemade sausage and mozzarella, topped with pecorino and oregano. I liked that you could add herbs and pick your cheeses. The whole combination was heavenly, but could have used a bit more mushrooms. I especially loved the chewy yet airy crust. A minor complaint: My friend and I were quoted at a half hour wait and told the hostess we would be at the bar. When we checked in after 20, my friend noticed that a couple parties of two listed after us had already been seated. If I wasn't enjoying my basil gimlet so much, I would have been a bit more peeved but the hostess got us seated right away.
4	Delightful and surprised. Thought I'd give it a shot, being I'm a pizza aficionado and all, and I had so much delicious food in my belly. My friends and I agree this was a great place to enjoy pizza, cauliflower and wine.
5	I held off, I wanted to be judicious, but my satisfaction is so thorough, it knows no bounds.  This is a restaurant that is exactly what it is trying to be.  Everytime I have gone, my expectations have been exceeded.  I have tried most of the pizzas, all have been excellent.  I have sampled salads, burgers, sandwiches, everything A-OK.  Beer, wine and liquor prices are beyond reasonable,  Basically, this is the neighborhood restaurant you have been waiting for, the place where everything is affordable and delicious, and the menu is diverse and balanced enough to keep you coming back a couple times a week.  Thank you Parlor, I love you deeply, and sincerely.
3	I really really wanted to like Parlor. I have read so many wonderful things and was excited to try it out.. all I can say from last nights experience is FAIL. I am blaming the colossal amount of failure on the bartender. I truly think if he weren't such a douche bag I could have really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was cool, the pizza was tasty, and decently priced, and the 2 pitchers of Amber Beer I had consumed were also excellent. 2 stars for that.. But man, this guy suuuuuuuuuuuuucked. Totally rude, I don't recall ever hearing him say hello or smiling once. Apparently it was a major nuisance waiting on us & having the ability to properly count money... I was relieved when his bar-back showed up though, he was cool. 1 star to him. It's irritating that one person can ruin an experience, so I will return some other time, in hopes that someone else is working that night.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome....everything was fantastic. The innovative drink menu, the pizza was out of this world and the bartender was very personable. A++ I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Ban't wait to return!
4	I love the parlor - it's my new favorite place!!!  I love the mid-century modern decor and love the fact that it has really honed in on what it wants to do (instead of trying to do too many things at once) - with a small menu focused on freshness.I have been there now 4 times in the past month.  For appetizers I've tried their: Cauliflower (a cheesy, perfectly cooked gratin of sorts, very simple and AMAZING!!!), Calamari (Good), and these fried risotto (I think) balls on a bed of marinara sauce - crunchy and hot on the outside and oozing with cheesy goodness in the middle - AMAZING!!!  The only salad I had (which was a special) was a Herb/Goat Cheese/Melon Salad that was again, AMAZING!!!  I even tried to re-create it at home.  It had watermelon, cantalope, honeydew and  cucumber along with a bunch of fresh herbs (including mint), goat cheese crumbles and slivered almonds in a light watermelon vinegrette.  I know, it sounds a little strange, but was light, summery and absolutely wonderful.  It's a shame it's only a special.....Regarding pizza: I have tried the Sausage pizza (excellent - with a great spicey sausage - very simple, but delicious), the Ricotta/Arugula pizza (I forget their name for it - but it is really good - I've ordered it twice).  They also have special pizzas and the last time I went there (for my own surprise birthday party) my best friend ordered their special Peach pizza.  I know it sounds weird but it was AMAZING!!!!!  I need to go back when they have it again - white cheese (no tomato sauce) with thin slices of fresh peaches and their wonderful charred crust - it was wonderful......As for their sandwiches, I've tasted the chicken salad sandwich - really good if you love chicken salad.  With great fries, too!!Haven't tried any of their desserts but I heard the tiramisu is amazing.....One negative thing I will say is the service needs improvement (hence the 4 out of 5 stars).  You have about a 50/50 chance of having a good service experience.  My brother and I went there and had a horrible server - my brother even wrote the manager to complain (which meant it was pretty bad).  The guy was good at the actual service part - refilling our drinks, etc., but his attitude SUCKED!!  It's like he was blaming us for the fact that he had to be at this crappy job with these crappy people, etc. (or at least that's what it felt like).  And another time, while the service itself was just okay, our girl didn't seem to know a whole lot about the menu, etc. But, I've gone there twice and got excellent, friendly service.  So, hopefully they'll work on it.  The food will keep me going back..... LOVE IT!!!
2	I wanted to like the Parlor too.  It has a nice cool vibe with modern decor.  I've heard great things about the food and that the service was sub-par and to say sub-par is an understatement.  In my opinion our service totally sucked.Here's why.  I met a friend there for dinner around 5:15 last night-before the rush.  There was our table plus another 2 or 3 in the whole place.  It took at least 15 minutes for our server to come back after bringing us waters to take our order.  We each ordered the 8" make your own pizza-mine was easy.  Cheese, vine ripened tomatos plus spinach.  We both got side salads-which were really good and fresh with tasty homemade dressings.  The pizzas came out and it didn't look like there was spinach on mine-and there wasn't.  I patiently waitied about 5 minutes or so for the waitress to come see if our food came out alright and I told her that mine didn't have the spinach on it.  She says "i'll go put spinach on it."  she leaves and returns a couple minutes later with my pizza.  She sets it down and walks away.  The spinach she put on my pizza was cold and wet and just piled on top.  I look at my friend and say "What am I supposed to do with this?"  First I am 3 1/2 months pregnant-you don't mess with a pregnant womans food but I have NEVER been given pizza topped with cold wet spinach.I don't eat it and wait for her to come back.  She returns and I say "I really hate to be a pain the ass" and she she says something under her breath but all I hear is "somewhat"  I ignore it and ask her if she could have the kitchen sprinkle a smidge more cheese on the top and pop the pizza back in the oven so that the spinach isn't cold and wet.  She snips "if they put the pizza back in the oven it will get charred-just so you know."  I'm thinking-they screwed it up and now if I want it fixed it will be burnt?  I say "can they just put it in there for like, 20 seconds so the cheese melts?"  she says (rudely) "I'll see what I can do but I'm going to have to charge you for extra cheese"  (each topping is a dollar).  I say fine, whatever.  She brings me my pizza back and it isn't charred-lucky for her.  And when we got our bill she didn't charge me for the extra cheese-which I would've just taken out of her tip anyway. the food was good but like I said horrible service.  I'll have to really, really want to go there again to endure being treated like that again.
4	Delicious pizza, love the decor too. There are plenty of vegetarian choices. I ordered the margherita pizza and it was delicious, though a bit more basil would have been nice. Definitely recommended!
4	What? Yes that. You said? Who did that? When?  Ben? I don't know anyone named Ben?  Oh... is this annoying to you?  Well it sure as hell is to everyone at our table who can't hear a damn thing in this place.  Concrete walls, wood everywhere, and loud music that people are determined to talk over - all combined they make this like going to a live concert.  Maybe the 20-something kids don't mind this but I think the adult customers will probably find it annoying as I did.On the whole, this place is better than the nearby competition (Oreganos).  Better decor, better beer choices, better quality food, and slightly better parking (only slightly, it still sucks at Parlor).  The cauiflower with aged cheddar cheese was quite tasty, but only came with 1 small piece of bread.  Pizzas were above average but not great - our crusts were burnt, and it felt like Sunday morning when I get to be the one who eats up the burnt pieces of toast.  Cheeses & herbs/seasonings were good, but with the build your own I wish I had known I was going to pay individually for mozzerella cheese.  Would it have had no cheese if I had not checked that box?  Isn't cheese included in the base price of a pizza?They have a far better than average draft beer list, including 2 offerings from Four Peaks, a few imports, and the obligatory macro-swill that so many Americans prefer.  Great that they had HopKnot.Prices were reasonable and service was average.  The female server "uniform" of a skin tight white shirt should not be worn by everyone.  It looked great on the thin girls, but for the others it just highlighted the spare tire that shouldn't be there when you're that young.Drivers of nice cars are forewarned - the spillover parking is pretty much gravel, with some of the spots quite narrow, and don't be surprised to see some inconsiderate customers parking illegally and almost blocking you into your spot.They don't take Discover Card.
2	I heard a lot of hype about this place and so far I have to say that its just that:  hype.Aesthetically this place is great.  The salon chair bar-stools and beautiful wood are a nice touch.My friend and I went with the margarita to see how they do with the basics. The flavor of the sauce and cheese were decent and the crust was okay, but the whole middle of the pizza was all soggy and limp.The beer selection was decent though so I'm giving it 2 stars.I believe in 2nd chances, so I will be back to try another pie..
5	If you can not give this place 5 stars you should not be dining at this establishment.  This place rocks and  my first experience here was excellent.  Arrived at 5pm on a friday night, got right in before the normal weekend crowd.  The atmosphere was cool and retro like I would expect being on the edge of the Biltmore/Arcadia area.  Service was great with attentive trendy looking servers.  Prices were cheaper than I expected.   The pizza I ordered  coming out of a wood fired oven was amazing.  I will be back ,but not on a friday night.  Not that this is a bad night to go out.  We all know that foodies don't dine on friday night's.  This was just the first friday I had to go out in 8 months.
4	too bad, but you knew it would happenthe douche bags would find this place outand now, the hoards and the massesof DB's are roaming aboutthis groovy, mid-century modernthat tosses a pretty good piebut sadly the ol' DB factorhas ruined the place, for this guyit's no fault of the ownersthey did their very bestbut now the dicks and bonershave descended from the East and the Westside, in their True Religionsto prey on the Cougars, et alwho also have seeked out the parlorthe kitty's have started to crawlaround, looking for actionmade up, for making outand you know the rules of attractionwill keep the C's and DB's, turning out.I'll miss you, Parlor Pizzaenjoyed our little affair,but I'm off, seeking douche-free pasturesman!! ....I used to love it there.....
4	I have been to the Parlor twice and thoroughly enjoyed the food both times.  The ambiance is fun too, though the service could be a bit improved. I've tried the smokey pizza which was very good, and the potato and pancetta pizza (forget what it was called) that was excellent!  Also tried the duck sandwich which was exceptional.  I'm not really a fry fan, but I have to say that I dove in with a gusto!  I have yet to try the fresh pasta, which I think is going to be next on my list...
2	I wanted to go somewhere I've never been before. Gallo Blanco or The Parlor? I read great things about both places but I decided on The Parlor. Walking in this place made me think of the Vig because the decor is very similar.  The food and drink menu looked great.  I was really hungry and started out with the bruschetta and a watermelon agua. The drink was light and refreshing, not too sweet, and you can tell that they use fresh watermelon juice instead of that pucker crap. The bruschetta mix had a sweet taste to it that I didn't like but nothing that salt and pepper couldn't fix. My sister ordered the grinder and I ordered the pepperoni pizza because our waiter suggested it. I took a bite out of my sisters sandwich and it was very plain but the french fries were awesome. My pepperoni pizza was greasy and burnt. I wasn't impressed. The Parlor didn't live up to its hype and everything here looks great but doesn't deliver.
2	Ok....so I was super excited to go check this place out. I was pretty disappointed.I had pizza on the mind and heard The Parlor had yummy pies. I ordered the pepperoni pizza. It came out with burnt bubbles all over the top and a completely burnt bottom. It was a huge disappointment. All I could taste was char. The only good thing about it was the over sized pepperoni slices which had great flavor. I've heard the sandwiches are good but if you plan to get pizza, prepare yourself for some char. Yuck!
3	I'm going to have to work through this review before I decide on 3 or 4 stars. I've been thinking about this since my visit and I cannot seem to come to a conclusion. Another one of those times I wish we had half star options.The Parlor is definitely The Vig's little baby sister. It Aesthetically looks extremely similar, it has both the same Scottsdale-esque vibe and crowd, both are in weird, out-of-the way locations, and both are really loud. Even for a new restaurant with lots of buzz on a Saturday night, I thought this place was crowded. There was over a 45-minute wait for two of us, so we ended up grabbing a beer at the bar. I'm glad we did because our bar tender was smokin hot. Nothing better for the self esteem of two broken-hearted girls than a cute, flirty bartender. After a while we just decided to eat at the bar and skip the whole table idea. Good choice, even though the bar area was REALLY loud. On to the food... we started out with the cheezy cauliflower appetizer. OH MY GOOD LORD. It was amazing. It was topped with bread crumbs and baked... it was just absolutely amazing. It was good later as a midnight snack and good as breakfast the next morning. For dinner we shared a Pesto and a Margharita pizza. I loved both of them, but the Margharita had more flavor and I preferred it over the Pesto. Both had great quality ingredients and were extremely tasty.I'm pretty stoked that the prices are so reasonable. Two hours, five beers, an appetizer and two pizza's later, we ended up with a bill for $50 plus tip. My solo bar tabs are normally higher than that!My major complaint, though, was the whole entire time I was there I had a stuffed nose. I don't know if it was an allergy to something they were cooking, the wood, flowers, etc but I could barely breathe. The second we stepped outside it was like I had a new nose.Man.. I still don't know... three ... four... three ... four... okay .. my decision is made: if the 6' tall snobettes coming into the bathroom as we were walking out didn't smash rudely into my dining partner and act like she was Antichrist for trying to inhabit the same place at the same time, I would definitely go with a 4 but it's a 3 for now until things settle down a bit.
3	I went here about two weeks ago with a fair-sized group of my coworkers, and was not disappointed. The restaurant is a little tricky to spot and turn into, if you don't know what the outside of the building looks like...here's a brief description! It is a little red and white building, with a small, low-to-the ground sign...it's on the north side of the street, after the complex with the Chipotle and Corelone's. I see a lot of complaints about the parking, but my party and I dined during a considerable lunch rush and didn't experience any difficulties navigating the parking lot or finding a space. We walked in to find a moderately full restaurant...and only marginally capable staff. The girl at the front in charge of seating was curt and rude upon our arrival, but changed her tune when she realized we had a reservation. Once we were seated, however, the rest of the staff was great and it was easy to forgive the girl's lack of pleasant customer service and competency. In other words, don't be put off by an icy first-face, if you encounter it. A note: in order to secure a reservation, you must have a party of ten. However, they will seat you if your party has only partially arrived. Just a hint! Our whole party did eventually arrive, but they were happy to seat us with just 3. The inside of the restaurant is "hip." I liked the level of lighting inside and loved the bar chairs. Between all of us at the table, I think we tried a little bit of everything, and everyone seemed very pleased with the pricing and quality of the pizza and other entrees. I myself ordered the Yukon Gold pizza, which is very similar to the potato pizza found at Humble Pie. Just as tasty, no better and no worse, which is definitely praise considering how much I love Humble Pie's version. The pizza was a little charred, but I don't know that I've had a pizza with this kind of crust that wasn't a bit on the blackened side. I didn't see any "cougars" or "DBs," but, then again, I was there at lunch time. I mostly saw nondescript professionals and a few gabbing girlfriends with "My Sister's Closet" bags. I'm not sure that I completely understand the scorn about the restaurant being "found out" and "taken over" - are you really going to dinner to catalogue the other patrons? Weird...! I'm sure, whatever kind of person you are, you will fit in just fine.
5	I've been here about 3 times now and I figured I should write an update.  I still love this place.  The more I think about it, the more I am sure this is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix!  The second and third time I visited the Parlor I discovered that I could create my own pizza!  Sweet!  One time the husband and I split a twelve inch and added ricotta, schreiner's parlor blend sausage, wild mushrooms, and oregano.  It was a magnificent pizza and we even had leftover!  Of course we did get the eggplant bruschetta to start.  The last time I was there, just the other day in fact, I decided to get the small 8 inch pizza for myself.  This time I added ricotta, house-made mozzarella, schreiner's parlor blend sausage, and applewood smoked bacon.  OMG!  It was so good and the bacon was the best possible thing I could have added.  It was delicious and WAY more food than one person can eat on their own.  It was more like a medium sized pizza you can get at any of the pizza chains, but much, much tastier!  I also checked out the bathrooms this time and they are super cute with subway tiling and some great artwork.  I LOVED the vintage pictures of the restaurant when it was actually a parlor.  Great stuff!In case you were wondering, I'm officially addicted to The Parlor.
4	Finally got a chance to check this place out last night (Friday). Live in the area and was hoping for a great locals type pizza place like Hana Japanese Eatery is for sushi.  My pizza was definitely delicious...I built my own pecorino, prosciutto, fresh tomato and arugula pie and practically inhaled it upon arrival.  There's no question the place is going through its "hot" phase right now. It will likely last a while which is good or bad depending on what you're looking for.  It's a trendy urban scene with lots of good looking types, .  To avoid what would have been a long wait, we vultured a table in the bar which was full of big groups of friends (yes, it is LOUD but thats what you'll get with concrete block and wood walls).  I'll definitely go back for the pizza, but may wait a while for the hotness factor to wear off a bit. For me, the energy levels need to come down a notch to a slightly less intense frequency.Although it is a good spot for friends on a fun night out, I would recommend lunch or a mid-week visit as a good option for anyone wanting to check out the food rather than the weekend scene.
3	There is NOTHING spectacular about this place, well outside of the building itself that is. The patio is awesome and the interior is pretty freakin' cool to.That said, I went here because of the weeks on end that this place was the top of the Yelp charts and I was sadly underwhelmed. Not that there is anything wrong with this place it's just not anything I'd claim to be out of this world.I had a peperoni pizza and it's nowhere in the league of Pizza A Metro or Cibo ... it's just plain old pizza ... nothing great ...
5	Audrey & I met Kevin & Marian at The Parlor for dinner.  Since they don't take reservations we waited about half an hour in the bar.  The bar area is nice and the service was good.  It was very crowded and noisy.  The Parlor has a nice selection on tap including a couple of my favorites, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and Four Peaks Kilt Lifter.  Between the outdoor seating area, the bar and the open yet warm restaurant I had a sense that this was a place the cool kids would hang out.  This was confirmed when I remembered that Kevin & Marian were there with us.  Further confirmation of the cool kid factor was provided when Ayesha and Amber were discovered at the bar a bit later.  We shared a couple orders of the Arancini appetizer which was excellent in flavor and textural complexity with a delicious sauce.  When our server commented that he didn't think anyone else in the valley offered these I had to think back to the last time I had them.  It was on Long Island at a family Italian place called Blue Moon in Rockville Centre.  Kudos to The Parlor.I ordered the barbecue chicken pizza.  Between the blending of sweet and savory flavors, the tender pulled chicken, the roasted serrano chili's...this is good stuff.  It doesn't hurt a bit that it is made on a wood fired crust that has a great firmness and consistency.  Sitting here writing about it...I may have to go get the leftovers for breakfast.  brb....I'm back.  Even cold that was awesome pizza.  Note to self:  hot coffee does not cool the burning much when you get several slices of serrano together....I also sampled Kevin's pizza and Audrey's burger.  Both excellent.  The parmesan fries were dare I say it...better than the fries at FEZ.  The service was top notch throughout the meal.  We finished by sharing a slice of tiramisu.  Made with mascarpone cheese as it should be, nice flavors of rum, coffee, etc coming through.  I also had a coffee.  Single serving (probably about 16oz) french press.  Again, excellent.  So there it is...5 stars.  I started out at 4 stars because...maybe I'm a little stingy with my 5 stars.  But what could I knock off a star for?  Umm...honestly I can't really think of anything that stood out wrong.  The Parlor has a fairly simple and straightforward menu which...at least on this Saturday night...they executed flawlessly.
5	I think I just had the best roasted beet salad of my life ... and who'da thought a pizza parlor, ahem, The Parlor, would have blown me away after a so-called fabulous dinner at a fancy new American restaurant in Houston during Yelp Eats? The Parlor, beet salads across America should bow down to thee. In town for a Yelp Elite Event, the awesome Gabi K suggested this somewhat new (three months old) pizza place that's garnered such raving reviews on Yelp. Since we're both "dieting," she noted that they have a great selection of salads. I'm in!The Parlor is a beauty and architecture and design fans will admire the simple clean lines, woodwork, and natural but modern essence of this former beauty "parlor" which it still holds true to if you look closely. A lot of the wood (bar and tables) and other pieces were reused from the former beauty salon and reworked into The Parlor. Way to stay Green! This bit of info was given to us by bartender Chris, and yes, Amber W is right. What a cutie. But more importantly, attentive and friendly.When you walk in, you can choose to go left and sit at a dining table, or go right into the bar area, grab a seat there or at one of the high boys (which seats six). The bar area is where all the magic happened for us on this glorious day...No one should miss out on the cauliflower appetizer. Forgive me if I get the details wrong, but all I can remember is a steaming hot plate of the healthy vegetable covered and swimming in an Alfredo-like, creamy cheese sauce and sprinkled with more cheese (Parmesan?) and baked to a slight crunch. It's served with toasted focaccia. Yumz. And the roast beet salad ($9.50) that is *this* close to moving me over to the 602? Think large quarter cuts of orange heirloom beets (which I've never seen before), fennel, avocado chunks, onions and walnut-crusted goat cheese--a generous portion of goat cheese I must add. For $4 more, add the roasted chicken for a protein boost.And The Parlor is more than just pizza, salads, sandwiches and friggin' good apps. I was also happy to find a cheese and meat menu. With a bottle of red, this would be a perfect date! (And in cooler weather, you can sit out on the patio and snuggle up to the fire pit with your sweetie. Til then, stay inside!)
4	Looks like the lovely Farrah A beat me to the punch and yelped about our luscious lunch today before me... I'll just add my two cents here, so make sure you read (and UFC) Farrah's review too if you haven't already!Upon picking Farrah up from the airport today, I wanted to take her to lunch.  Instead of the usual LGO stop, I decided to finally make my way to The Parlor... Chris, our server, was fantastic - helping us decide between the eggplant and cauliflower apps (cauliflower it was), helping me choose between black tea and green tea (green for me), and selling us on the roast beet salad (no onions on mine).  Upon seeing our Yelp stickers on our laptops (yes, we were those geeks with our laptops out at lunch), he commented that he'd seen Amber's comment and was flattered by that - too funny!We enjoyed every bite as well as the crisp, clean, green-friendly ambiance of the restaurant, the service, the view of the garden, and of course the company... I will for sure return for the pizza and/or other menu selections post wedding diet!  The Parlor is a welcome addition to the Camelback Corridor!
3	This was my first trip to the parlor after reading and hearing about all the good reviews. I was impressed that the building was able to accomodate so many tables and there was no wait even though the parking lot was full and it was prime dinner time. The vegetable garden was deffinitely a nice touch to the entrance way. We ordered a couple happy hour beers and agree that the selection is great. The pizzas we ordered came out piping hot and in a modest time, but thank goodness we told the waitress beforehand to have them baked on the raw side. The pizzas at the next table came out befote ours and had black charred crust and cheese which would have totally ruined it for me. I had seen that warning in another review so thank you!!! The BBQ chicken pizza was spicy and flavorful while the pesto pizza was rich with cheese and basil. Very yummy. I felt like the restaraunt was well put together, but didn't  impress me with anything original. I'll probably be back if invited for a party escpecially when you can sit outside.
5	Yes. You should eat here. Beet salad was excellent and I even accidentally the whole pizzaService was good. Interesting space, lot's of exposed pipes, valves, etc, side-by-side with very contemporary furniture give it a hip, post-modern feel. You won't be sorry.
4	The Parlor is quaint!Although it's categorized as "Pizza" I actually find they serve some amazing things besides pizza (in which you could leave pizza entirely off the menu) so if I may add to the other 80 reviews...YES to the Roasted Beet Salad!Because it was my lucky day, they had a special appetizer of Zucchini Blossoms stuffed with Spanish Chorizo served with marinated Cannellini Beans. Because Zucchini Blossoms are my new current obsession - they get major props for that alone.I love the meat/cheese plates. They bring you a menu for special order pizzas and on the back you can pick different types of cured meats and different cheeses to create your own sampler. It's like the non-sushi-meat menu. I'll have the caterpillar...errr....I mean...the Manchego cheese and Prosciutto please!I had their muddled drinks, but actually think I'd stick with wine next time. The decor was simple with lots of white brick, concrete and warm wood. I love that the bar tables are very long (seats 6), so you end up sharing them with others when it gets busy which makes it just that much more fun.
2	I can only start off with saying: Ehh...  The Parlor is cool looking and the interior puts off a good vibe.  Beyond that, I am not sure I will ever feel the need to go back.  I met friends for a late night drink on a Friday, maybe 10pm, and the place was dead.  Thought that was weird.  My second trip I tried some food.  I had been craving a salad and found one I liked on the menu.  So when I was ordering off of it the server told me it is the late night menu now.  Why was I given the full menu then?  Luckily the salad was on it.  The salad was good, but I think that was the last time we saw the server.  He seemed to be hating everything.Overall, OK experience, but nothing to write home about.  My buddy had a pizza and later told me it was not so great.
4	The Parlor is flat out AMAZING!This was my second time here and this time I played it smart.  I went with 2 friends and we all were having a tough time figuring out what we wanted to eat.  Everything sounded so good.  So we decided to get three entrees and split them all.We ended up with the Margherita Pizza, Pesto Chiatarra, and the Farms Green salad.  The Pesto Chiatarra was by far my favorite, followed by the Farms Green Salad.  (I loved the mixture of Pear, Pecans, Tomatoes, and Gorgonzola)  The pizza...well it was like any other kind of Margherita pizza...but I did love the crust.  I do like it that they have lunch pricing and they don't charge for splitting the dishes.  Our server, Lizzie, was adorable. The layout of the place was nice...though I did see people confused if they went in the other door....they for some reason couldn't see the hostess stand.  And make sure that if you go for lunch...go early!  I couldn't believe the line when we were leaving. Not a great place to go if you only have an hour to spare.Parking could be a little more favorable and the location is easy to miss.  But this place could easily become one of my favorite places to eat lunch or dinner.  I can't wait to try their desserts next time.
5	blanket statement- i've done a lot of things for really good food-waiting in line, traveling, bribing maitre'ds... but I'm not waiting 4 hours for just pretty good pizza. I've been watching the parlor go up for a while, intrigued by the construction, but hadn't gotten there to eat yet. SO happy we did- cancel your plans for bianco. this is better. First, the service was so attentive, which was wonderful. We loved the space, which was mostly reclaimed from the original building, as we were told. Its warm, and cozy, and perfect. We did the smart thing, asking our waitress what to order, and based on her suggestions, split the beet salad and funghi pizza. Best. beet. salad. ever.  Better then even delux, which was previously my fav. Same for the pizza. You know how artisinial pizza so often falls flat on the crust? I don't want cracker like crust, and I don't want limp dough. The parlor's pizza dough is perfect. Thin, but doughy and bubbly, baked to a golden perfection. Our pizza featured these fabulous wild mushrooms- it was covered in them, they had great bite and taste. Goat cheese and truffle oil made the flavor mellow and lovely. The rest was such a success, we couldn't resist dessert- tiramisu. It was scrumptious. Can't recommend the place enough. I'll be back.
5	Came here for my birthday Saturday night awhile back.  I happen to be sick for my birthday and kind of felt like i was being punished for something bad that i did in my past.  Anyway i was not going to sit at home this night!  It has been some time since I have tried a new restaurant in the valley so this was a treat for me.  Michael and I met his sister and fiance at the bar which seemed great for hanging out.  We had some drinks while we waited for our table.  Once seated...  I had to try their beet salad which was soooo awesome! We also got a couple pizza's i think one was a sausage pizza... they both were really good.  The service was good... he helped my future sister in law put together a wonder desert for my birthday.  Can't wait to come back again!
4	I loved the pizza, the service not so much. We came here a few weeks ago, when Saturday nights were still date nights (before college football season). There was a short wait for a table in the dining room, but we found some seats at the bar and decided to sit there instead. Oops. Although there were at least 4 bartenders behind the bar and they weren't busy they were all standing around and chatting and pretty much ignored those trying to order. Finally one of them came over to take our order. Luckily there were many of them behind the bar because the girl we ordered from was almost nonexistent for most of the night. The pizza was so good. Thin and cheesy with a crispy crust. We will absolutely have to try the meat and cheese plate and the arancini next time. They both looked yummy. Cool, sleek and clean atmosphere. I love the recycled wood. I also love the herb garden near the entrance (I'm currently trying to not kill my own) and the patio looks like the perfect spot to eat and drink once the nights cool down around here. I'd love to just have a meat and cheese plate out there with a glass of wine and just relax.
4	I like to bring red heads here. I don't know why it works out this way it just does. I think red heads really suit The Parlor. Alright, alright, alright.The actual restaurant is pretty awesome. Brick and wood and overall hipness. Great place to impress a date or just have a bite with a friend (I have done both I know.)The food is super good. I have been a Harley's fan for awhile but have to admit this place picks up the red sauce slack. The food has always been fresh with the right amount of parsley for that fresh taste. The pizza isn't the best in town but it would make the top 10 list. They make the pasta themselves and it is delicious. Even the sea food pasta (I don't speak Italian but whatever it was called) was awesome and we are in a land-locked state. The salads are pretty amazing as well.*****LISTEN UP OWNERS*****I am actually giving The Parlor 5-stars but holding one hostage. Why would you take the mushroom risotto out for a sweet corn one?! I haven't tried the corn yet and I am sure it is super fantastic but Virgin Mary mother of god , the mushroom one was soooo good. If you ever want to see your beloved 5th star from me you will bring it back. This is no joke. If I do not hear back in 5 days I will begin mailing you pieces of the star, but it will not end up on this review. Do it! Do it now!
5	Love, Love, Love this restaurant. Everything I have tried here is tasty and priced right. Try the Fungi pizza, risotto, or the spinach salad. Amazing french fries covered with parmesan cheese. The service is great and the atmosphere is fantastic! Great place for families too, but get there by 5:30 if you are bringing the kiddos. My kids love the spaghetti and risotto balls. Terrific place for happy hour on Friday night if you're kid free. Lots of eye candy.
4	Great pizza!!!  Very similar pizza to: LGO, Humble Pie, Pizzeria Bianco etc.I had the Fungi and it was incredible.  The mushrooms were quartered so they were thick and "steaky".  Great flavor.  Great vegetarian options.  I also had the caprese.  They used some very interesting tomatoes in the caprese.  Great flavor.  They also used pesto instead of basil similar to humble pie's caprese.Great pizza, you can't go wrong.
4	This review is based solely on take-out. I've never actually been inside of The Parlor, but I promise to update my review as soon as it happens. The Hubs and I weren't feeling up to cooking one evening so we decided to hit up the Parlor for some pizza. I called in an order of Roasted Cauliflower and a Margherita pizza. HOLY MOSES was the cauliflower good. Perfectly roasted and covered with creamy, delicious cheddar cheese and crispy breadcrumbs. It was devoured in .34124 seconds. The pizza was delicious as well. The crust was thin, but not too thin, with just the right amount of sauce. That too, was devoured in nanoseconds. I am looking forward to visiting the actual restaurant soon; it's definitely at the top of my list.
4	I finally made it out to this cute place. It was a wonderful meal and a great atmosphere. They were pretty busy so the service was a little slow, but i am not one to let that get in the way of a good review. The waiter was very friendly and offered a lot of information about the menu. We had the margherita pizza with was pretty good. However the cauliflower gratinata was an AMAZING appetizer. I have never tasted anything like it. I loved it and highly recommend it. We also got the Risoto which had a summer corn in it. It was incredible. Very flavorful. For desert we had the tiramisu and it was delicious as well. All in all it was very affordable. There were also some seriously good looking people working and eating there. I will be going again soon!
4	I really liked this restaurant..  It's fresh, a little on the trendy side. Casual enough just for a quick nice lunch or dinner out. I like to keep my carb count load down, so I do have eat around the menu. However it is a pizza and pasta place.. so what do you expect. Service was great, friendly .. I will definitely go back.fun time
5	One of the best pizza places in Phoenix and I think it is better than Bianco's.  There are more choices of items beyond pizza here and the quality is as good as Bianco's.  Amazing cocktails and classic cocktails.  I highly recommend the Bourb.  This is the best new cocktail I have had.  Maker's Mark and Amarena Cherries on the rocks.  Very tasty.  Arancini here is some of the best I have had and have a bit of extra cheese in the middle.  Any pizza choice here is awesome.  This place focuses on little things that make common food better.  The bbq pizza was pretty normal, but they had fresh sliced serrano peppers that MADE the pizza.  Just a little attention to details makes this place awesome.
5	So I have been here about 4 times and every time I go I have a good experience.  I would have to say they have some of the best bruschetta around and if you want brick oven pizza I would suggest this place over Pizzeria Bianco any day of the week...plus that there is never a two hour wait!I would say they are a bit pricey! But the food definitely doesn't make you feel cheated. And what I really like about the decor of this place  is the little veggies on the vine as you walk into the front door gives this place a cool vibe. Kind of a modern place. Like the lay out quite a bit. Only down fall is the seats at the bar are not very comfortable and the do not have a foot rail so your kind of hanging there and the booths can be a bit small if your a big guy like me but that aside this place is the bomb.
5	yukon gold pizza was sooo good. caprese salad- yumm, but not enough for dinner. good thing the others ordered pizza.delicious cosmos.appetizers: eggplant cannelini, and the roasted cauliflower were really good, very rich.and they have green tea and black tea!
4	After months of hearing about this place from friends we decided it was time to validate the claims.  Picture this: Have you ever seen a comedy because one of your trusted friends said it was the best thing this side of  Monty Python?  You sit down for the movie expecting pure gold and leave somewhat disappointed?  Had you not received all of the hype going into the show you would have been happy with what you saw?  It's all about managing expectations.The Parlor was great.  We sampled a few dishes, the highlights being the Risotto and Pizza.  The crust was smoky and light and their take on the BBQ pizza was well received. The ambiance and architecture of that place are unrivaled in Phoenix.  But on a whole the experience was just on par with comparable experiences of other top notch spots in Phoenix.  Along with other comments on Yelp I would agree that the wait staff was average. Did the place walk on water? No.  But, it was still pretty great.
4	The Parlor was easy to miss from the road. I work 4 blocks from it and had never noticed it before. It's low profile cinder-block exterior  make it easy to miss from Camelback road. But do yourself a favor, if you've not been there yet, seek it out and go. It has an excellent interior atmosphere, resembling a spacious Manhattan loft that blends seamlessly into a patio seating area complete with large wood burning fireplace.The beer and wine selection are above average and the pizza was excellent. The only downside I can think of is be careful piling on the additional toppings on your pizza, it can get pricey quickly. We ordered  a 12" pizza with a great sauce, mozzarella, goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, and grilled chicken (excellent!). However the 3 additional toppings cost as much as the pizza, nearly doubling its price. All in all, highly recommended.
5	Awesome design to the place. I noticed the stamp on the box mimicked the brick detail shape on the outside of the building. I was expecting a same-old-regular brick oven fired pizza, but the flavor was awesomely tasty! And they had my favorite toppings, artichoke, sun dried tomatoes and prosciutto. Ingredients tasted fresh.
3	I wanted to love you Parlor. You have such great potential for so many reasons. First off, you are smoking hot. Sorry, I mean attractive. Your decor is sensational, even when I'm sitting next to the pipework.I've also fallen for your personality. It's subtle and sexy. Mysterious, yet calm. I don't know how you are able to make me feel relaxed and excited at the same time, but I like it. As if it couldn't get better, you are creative. You have found ways to make me love pasta, and I am not really a fan of Italian food. Your spaghetti with basil pesto and pine nuts was a true culinary masterpiece. You even let me order it without tomato. It was also just the right size. The apple smoked bacon soup you made me was ingenious. What a delicious starter. However, you had one flaw that I just cannot get over. You did not let me order dessert. Why was that? Do you think I'm fat? I had a perfectly sized dinner, you made it for me yourself. Why did you wait so long to come back and ask me if I wanted dessert (which I did) that I was worried it would take equally as long to get it to me and therefore passed? It made me very sad. I had to settle for Gelato Spot instead. I love you, but if you can't deal with my love of desert, it was not meant to be.
4	So yesterday as I was sitting at my desk salivating about getting myself a Naco Torta at Gallo Blanco, then picked up Sara debating on whether to go to Ticoz or Gallo Blanco, we found ourselves at the Parlor. I have to admit, what I was craving was nowhere close to where we ended up with but both Sara and I have always wanted to try out the Parlor after hearing so many good things about it that we finally did it and I am glad! whew! So, first impressions - It's a Wednesday night, parking lot is full which is always a good sign, the entrance with the fireplace facing the patio, and the smell of pizza wafting from the kitchen sets up a good evening for dining out. The host staff were quite friendly (no attitudes there *yay*), and the chalk board on the wall with their daily specials looked good. I have to say that the overall interiors of this place is so comfy, yet spacey... I just love it! I ordered a blueberry shake because I saw it as one of their fruit specials of the day plus I read somewhere that it's good for men's health and I also needed my calcium too! And we also ordered the frito misto which I agree with others was not that great... it was good but the portion was too small but just right for two persons. So, Sara and I were deciding on what pizzas we'd get to share, so we settled on the Yukon Gold Potato and the Salsiccia. Between the two pizzas we shared... I totally loved the Yukon... it was just yummy!!! loved the potato and the Gorgonzola and the leeks mmmmmmm! The Salsiccia was good, the sausage was yum but the radish totally screwed with your taste buds. It had a bitter taste that totally reminded me of arugula but nonetheless it was good. Loved the crust... it was crisp and loved the toasted burnt taste. So here we were satisfied with our pizza selections, enjoyed the attentive service of our many servers, took in the atmosphere of the place, and I kept on eyeing the dolci people were ordering around us. I know I know I should have ordered the Tiramisu but when your server tells you that they have an in-house pastry chef and sells the apple crostada and mentions her other favorite is the chocolate cake, one's reaction would be is to listen to the recommendation and go for the apple crostada. SO we did, we gave in and got ourselves the crostada. I will liken this review to a potential break up scene in which a couple goes on a date and everything seems fine and well until the guy or girl gets caught flirting with another brad or buffy next door... what starts as a good evening gets muzzled up with a bad incident well let's say this bad incident was the crostada. Mind you, I am not in any way an exceptional baker but I admit to being a fan of the best pastries ever presented to me thanks to close family friends, a husband and wife team that are pastry chefs themselves and work in two top tier international hotels. Like what Sara said, that crostada was not a flaky pastry... it was like bread with an apple topping. I liked it since it wasn't that sweet but the apples were too tart and with a dry crust, the only thing to enjoy was the scoop of vanilla gelato. So a no go with the crostada and sadly I was disappointed by the in-house pastry chef... maybe next time I'll get the Tiramisu. So overall, it was a good experience at the Parlor, a place that I can see myself returning in the near future with friends and family. The dessert was not memorable in any way except that it was dry and I can't wait to try out the other pizzas or the Seafood Linguine. So four forks for the Parlor!
4	Had lunch here with a co-worker today and really liked it.  Good atmosphere and we didn't have to wait for a table but wasn't dead either.  Had the Funghi pizza which was amazing.  The crust was awesome.  Had the Cesar salad but we both agreed that the dressing was very bland and there wasn't much of it.Lots of menu items that I still want to try and would definitely reccomend.
2	This last time was my second time to eat at the Parlor, wanted my boyfriend and my brother to try it, I had gone there for lunch one other time and liked it, I think it was around opening week.  IDK what happened to but the service was BAD! the food was JUST OKAY, the people who worked there were "really" cool. the attitude smelled so bad, wait maybe it was the food? i will never return to the parlor again it is over glamourized pizza served with a bad attitde! you can get better at NYPD or PIzzano's if you are looking for pizza in that area!
5	Two words: Duck SandwichTwo more words: WITH FriesI think it's the tomato jam that does it!I have been here 13 times since July 3rd, half the time the Duck Sandwich and fries is my order. Don't get me wrong, the pizza's are yummy, but the Duck Sandwich is to die for! Another great dish I had was a taste of the Shrimp Rosemary Skewer Salad... oh and for Vegetarians, the Summer Corn Risotto is fab!Dessert-wise, I love their take on Tiramisu... especially the brittle part!What can I say, the place has everything... great ambiance, location, fresh garden of veggies, and great prices that don't change from lunch to dinner hours...Only thing that may make the experience slightly detrimental: no reservations (unless you have a party 15+)... and thus long waits for lunch... but it's worth it.Once, wanting to share in the yumminess, I bought a friend a gift certificate and accidentally left my Credit card on the front desk. Aric, the owner walked out and handed it to me as I drove past. That's thoughtful service!
4	Well you know if I  can't wait to take back Mom  , it's got  to be good!  The hubby and my youngest all went to dinner Saturday. We went at prime dinner time and were pleasantly surprised at no wait.We  were torn between the Funghi Pizza and Yukon Gold/ Gorgonzola. Each looked good when we saw them throughout the restaurant. We ended up with Yukon Gold  which  I loved .  Crust was super tasty. Hubby is looking forward to going back and getting Funghi  next time. My ten year old baby  had cheese pizza  and loved it . Looking forward to next time.
2	Meh, i've experienced better....to bad the food had to suffer the wrath of the horrible service dolled out by cr__g. it actually looked delicious, would have been fabulous had the sucky server been courteous enough to do a check back, at anytime during the meal! we ordered a build your own pizza, each of us with 3 items added, both pizzas had jalepenos and both were loaded with them. in a pizza joint (no matter the beautiful decor-this is still a pizza joint); you would imagine that any pizza served with jalepenos would come with a refill of your drink (especially if there isn't anything left in the glass before the pizza drop off) it took about 15 minutes to get someone (our server was outside picking his nose or something) to bring me a refill of iced tea. i understand that the refill might be free so its not a priority, but the damn pizza for one was $9.00, my salad was $12 (a horribly unseasoned ceasar salad that tasted like it was dressed in plain mayonaise) and my sisters pizza was $14 for one, so we didn't expect such a horrible experience such as ours; on a day when the room didn't have a waiting list. i will give it 2 more trys, as that is usually what it takes to get an accurate account of the food and service, but you better believe i will not sit in Cr---gs area again. he not only sucked majorly, but he lacked the traits of a mediocre server, poor guy, poor parlor. if his section is the only one open next time, i'm goin to california pizza kitchen or mama mia's, maybe even le grand orange.
5	Burger was fantastic, great service, great atmosphere, check it out.
4	From hair parlor to pizza parlor -- I found The Parlor to be a unique, high-quality restaurant, and a welcome addition to my Phoenix neighborhood. Here's my take:What I liked:- The food:  There are plenty of pre-conceived pies on the menu, but where this place shines is the emphasis on build-your-own.  You can choose either a 9" or a 12" pizza, which link to per-item charges for proteins and veggies.  I asked for my pizza extra-crispy, and it came out perfect.  The salads were also fantastic.- The drinks: a decent wine selection and a nice variety of signature cocktails.  I ordered the Basil Gimlet, which was refreshing and a drink I'd love to replicate at home.- The service: friendly and attentive enough during this visit. We didn't wait long for anything (except for a table, which was understandable on a Saturday at 7PM).  We waited 25 minutes, but those a few minutes behind us were told 45 minutes.- The ambiance: The Parlor is in a building once occupied by a barber shop, and the proprietors chose to keep the spirit alive vis-a-vis the decor.  The artwork, props, and even the bar stools are reminiscent of The Parlor's past days as a salon.  I'm just hoping I never find any hairs in my pizza.What I didn't like:- While the cocktails tasted nice, the sizes leave much to be desired.  My basil gimlet was 11 bucks and looked like about 5 sips.  I was disappointed when I watched my bartender discard the remaining beverage left in the cocktail shaker after he filled my glass -- which reveals the problem: the small martini glasses must go.  Perhaps the owners can do a benchmarking study at AZ88 for proper martini glass sizes.- The bar: a bit small for a place this size.  The Parlor has true potential for a great bar scene -- they just need to devote more space.All in all a great place and I'm looking forward to going back.
4	My friend and I have talked about checking The Parlor out for weeks now and we finally went in this past weekend. We were very impressed. It's one of those places that hides it's true essence from the outside, per the deco brick all along the outside, pulling you in to see whats behind. When you walk in you have a great view of the bar, with big open windows, it's a great feel. I would love to go back and just hang out at the bar even. The dining area is very big and open as well. They also have a fun looking bar kitchen seating area where you can watch them cooking while you dine. They have a great build-your-own menu that is always fun to experiment with. We did the build-your-own meat and cheese plate. Amazing! Must try! Then we had the Fungi pizza, with wild mushrooms, goat cheese and truffle oil..... very yummy! The staff was nice and friendly. About the only non-possitive thing I can say is that there is a lot to choose from on them menu that looks and sound great so choosing what to order is a bit difficult. I am looking forward to returning!
1	I obviously had not had as much to drink or smoke as the previous reviewers when I decided to try The Parlor 2 weeks ago. It has the potential(bones) to be a quaint mod place....get rid of the servers, food and shit alcohol selection and it would be better than it is now. I can take the worst parking in the world for an outstanding place. This ain't it. Where to start, where to start??? 1. The hostess moved like a barnacle as well as the wait staff. They were either all stoned on non-medical grade weed or were told to look and act aloof, disgusted and put off by the customers. It was bordering on comical. 2. I hate when new places open in the neighborhood expect you to pay high prices for food items and then have shit alcohol choices. We aren't by ASU. If we can afford your restaurant, we can afford higher end alcohol. Remember you are serving the publics taste, not your own. Do the research on high end, hell I would even take midiocre, alcohol choices and present them. You have such a varied menu, but then no choice of vodka..and no organic. Wine list sucks too! 3. It took 15 minutes to get a server and there were 10 tables open. I counted. Then she said I'll be right back..10 minutes later..then she only took our drink order, after she had to go see what kind of vodka they carried. 4. The worst ceasar salad I have ever had. EVER! It tasted like the tangy heel of a cheap shoe. 5. The cheese meat platter was a joke. They cut the meat in big slices for you, but not the hard cheeses and they don't label or tell you which is which... or give you a hard cheese slicer. NICE!6. Our server came back after 15 minutes of getting our food, just in enough time for us to ask fo the check and get the F...out of there. We then proceeded to Hula's Modern Tiki for the rest of our dinner, since we were still starving due to the fact that I was worried, that as slow as the wait staff was, that our dinner would spoil on the walk from the kitchen to our table and we would then have a hospital visit. I'm not real keen on hospital food, but it would be a grade up from here. In conclusion, if you don't understand good design, like less then sub -parr food, but believe you need to be seen in the new "it" place...just cuz...then go for it. Now Hula's Modern Tiki on the other hand....reviewing soon.
5	From the moment I saw The Parlor's website and the building off Camelback Rd., I knew I was going to love this place.We celebrated a birthday dinner for a friend, just 4 good friends together in a booth- we were each greeted by friendly smiling hostesses and seated in a comfortable booth.Started off with a bottle of Seghesio-Zin, Parlor Insalata and Caprese. The salads were excellent and plentiful-- the caprese mozzarella was really delicious.Moved onto 3 pizzas:  the Funghi, the Smokey and the Margherita (with sausage added) and they were all sooo good.  The Funghi was my favorite despite my love for meats.Since it was my friend's birthday, they bring over a piece of to die for chocolate cake with italian cherries and vanilla cream-- oh my!  SO decadent.  Our server was so nice too, she was cool-- we liked her. Then we topped the night off with more great conversation and laughs .  The Parlor was a sure hit and I already can think of future moments that need to be spent there, especially on the patio.
4	Today I fell in love.. The Parlor is what I love...all things fresh...in a clean little enclave on Camelback.. The waiter was friendly.. as my friend and I wanted to know about the meat/cheese selection on the app menu.. It just wasnt a real clear thing to us! Call me blonde or???? Nonetheless.. he recommended a few things.. all the while smiling and friendly.. We opted for the meat/cheese app before our salads.. choosing proscuitto, dried salami.. goat cheese and a sheeps milk cheese.. it comes with a warm garlicky buttery sensational flatbread and two sauces.. one is a tomatoe type jam.. the other a pesto.. highly recommend this app! NOW my one suggestion is to add more selection to the cheeses.. I lived in France.. I love a good cheese board! Watering of the tastebuds as I remember ... Salads.. I had the harvest greens.. roasted, shredded chicken, pears, candied pecans.. gorganzola.. yum! My friend opted for the norm Caesar.. but it looked divine.. Decor is cute.. trendy..clean.. Im going back for pizza and wine on date night and hanging on the patio near that fireplace:-)
5	I adore  the  Funghi Pizza and Beet Salad  , can't wait to go back !!  Tonight's Field trip to Scottsdale was completed with dinner at The Parlor and 100 % of my little group L-O-V-E-D  it...
4	It's a good thing, when what I have to say negative about your restaurant, has nothing to do with the actual quality.  The parking sucks, and its not easy to get a table in there.I have really enjoyed bellying up the bar.  The bartenders were great for a conversation, and would leave me alone when need be to eat my pie.  The staff has been hit or miss though in general.  Sometimes they are great and warm up very well to my conversation, laugh at me when I am funny, and generally enhance my dining experience.  At other times I question if they are even earthlings.The food here is wonderful.  I started off with a sausage pizza (I forget the technical name of the pie, but it had sausage).  It was very good.  Thin crust, which usually isn't my program in terms of pizza.  I enjoyed it.  Thank you once again to Schreiner's for the wonderful meat products.  The secret on the menu, however, is the burger.  It is one of the best in town.  It melts in your mouth, and is extremely enjoyable.Welcome to the new and ever changing midtown, uptown Phoenix rotation.  I am a fan!
4	I had no idea this place existed until it showed up in the Phoenix Magazine as a top spot.  After reading several Yelp reviews it seemed like a solid place to try.My party of about 10 or so people showed up around 7:30ish on a Monday night.  We were seated promptly as they set aside a nice corner of the patio for us.  It was a bit chili outside but it wasn't too bad because they have a fire and a few heaters going.  The ambiance is very nice (reminds me of the Vig for some reason) and as described in tons of the Yelp reviews.  Also as described in a bunch of the reviews is the service.  Most people say it is no bueno, but it really isn't that horrible.  Yes our waitress was a bit of a space case, but she was very fast and friendly so we had no real complaints.The place was pretty packed for a Monday night, but our food came out in a very reasonable amount of time.  Here is what I sampled:Cauliflower Gratinata - this is not that spectacular and I probably wouldn't order it again.  It is just baked cauliflower and cheese.  I could make this better at home.Parlor Insalata - this is very good and I would order it again but without the olives if I could.  The crispy chickpeas are a nice touch.Roast Beet salad - I only had a single taste, but it was excellent.Fries - ehSalsiccia pizza - excellent.  I would order it again.Spicy Barbecue Chicken Pizza - I normally hate bbq chicken type pizzas but this one was very good.  The added jalepenos were a nice touch and added just the right amount of heat.Funghi - outstanding.  I am going to order this one for sure next time.As far as the pizza is concerned, I can compare it to Pizzeria Bianco, Grazies and maybe La Boca (btw I haven't had Humble Pie yet but its on my list of to-do's).  Anyway, unless I have all the pizzas side by side I really can't decide which is better.  All I can say is that the crust is very good.  Not too crunchy, not too chewy.  Not too hard, not too floppy.Though I didn't have any, their drinks look very good.  Next time maybe I'll try one of their "mashed" drinks which seem interesting.  All their mixed drinks including the mashes look very unique and worth a try.  They also have a decent selection of beer and wines and they all look to be reasonably priced.Next time, along with a pizza or 2, I'd like to try one of their burgers which look excellent as well as a pasta dish.  Ok well maybe It will take me 2 or 3 more visits to try everything I want, but I'm ok with it  :-)Anyway, I highly recommend this place and will hopefully dine here again sometime in the very near future.
5	Pizzeria Bianco ~ watch your back!Finally my prayers have been answered. The pizza I have been searching for since I moved from NJ, without a two hour wait. The Parlor is the BEST PIZZA IN THE WORLD. Hope I have not "oversold" it to anyone reading this. But if you were a fan of Chris Bianco's pizza, then you will LOVE, LOVE, LOVE The Parlor! They make life so easy, with comfortable seating, and even a cozy outdoor fire to cozy up to while enjoying a glass of wine and a custom pizza, does life get any better than this? I think not.Jovan Van Drielle
4	Great pizza and the waitress was SO patient with us, as we closed up the place.We had one of their pizzas with sausage on it and it was out of this world.The wine selection was pretty good and was in a hip and comfortable setting.This also is a great date place and I have to agree with another reviewer--it matches up with Bianco's...minus the 3 hour wait!I still give Grimaldi's the lead...but just by a nose.
3	I was expecting to be blown away by the food but instead I was left hoping I'll be blown away by the food next time.  I went in for lunch last week and ordered a small fungi & goat cheese pizza and Caesar salad.  I actually wanted a "side salad" but they have no such thing, only "regular" and "large" portions.  The server advised that the "regular" Caesar was the smallest and the portion was indeed just right.  The greens were fresh and crisp, but the dressing was an unexciting version - I suspect lack of anchovy was the reason for the lack of zing.  The shaved parmesan was top notch and bites that included hunks of that were a success.  The pizza... well, the fungi & goat cheese pizza is a white pizza, no tomato sauce, so instead they compensate with a  ton of mozzarella.  I think there was truffle oil on it too.. all of which sounded good, but resulted in the most oily meatless pizza I've ever had.  Despite my hunger, I was able to eat only a quarter of it simply because I couldn't handle that much oil.  nice taste, OK crust (would have loved it a little crispier), but that oil issue overwhelmed the positives.  Still hungry I ordered a piece of chocolate cake and a coffee.  The chocolate cake was very fresh, and I suspect made on site.  it is a pound cake style; very moist and dense.  However the chocolate taste wasn't as forward as it needs to be to make it a standout.  A gargantuan blob of whipped cream on top was nice, but probably too much richness on top of the rich cake.  So all that made for a "pretty good".  The bad part was that the utensil they gave me was a huge serving spoon.  No, not a soup spoon size, a serving spoon size.  Made me feel like a second grader and it was nearly impossible to take normal-sized bites and not end up with the whipped cream all over my face.  I would have asked for a fork but my server picked that time to disappear.  The coffee was served in a  small French press, and delish.  I left a little disappointed, but it was good enough that I want to go back and try other items.The decor and atmosphere...no matter how many restaurants open with that modern/rustic industrial feel (a la Postino Central, St. Francis, Bomberos...), I just love it and Parlor did a nice job.
4	I have been to the Parlor twice now for dinner - the first time was on a Thursday night with a group of eight and the second time was with a friend this past Saturday night. This past Saturday night, the restaurant and bar area were packed - luckily my friend and I were able to grab two seats at the bar which is where we dined rather than face a 40 minute wait for a table either inside or outside. The feel of The Parlor is modern but inviting. I love the exposed brick in the bar area.The pesto pizza (minus the tomatoes) is delicious - it's big enough to share if you want, but not so big that if you ate it yourself you would feel like a pig. The caesar salad is a nice size and would suffice as a meal if you wanted to. The pesto chiatarra pasta is really good. It's the perfect portion size (it also comes with a piece of toasted bread that is great to soak up pesto after you are done with the pasta) and is really flavorful. The tiramisu is the best I have ever tried - it was so light tasting and I would have ate the whole thing if my friend had let me! A single scoop of gelato (I tried the chocolate) is a perfect light dessert.Not only is the food delicious, but it's perfectly portioned and very reasonably priced. You won't break the bank dining here. On my first trip, my bill came to $20 (after tax and tip) for a salad, beer, and half a 12" pizza. On Saturday night, our bill came to $33 before tip (2 entrees and 2 desserts). Our drinks were paid for by a nice gentleman in the bar area who felt bad about intruding our space when going up to order drinks. If we had paid for our beers, they would have ranged in price from $3.50 to $5. The draft selection is much better than most restaurants and even some bars!I definitely recommend this place and hope to be back in the near future.
5	First and foremost the vibe and decor is spot on excellent. Including an intro walkway with Organic Herb and Spice Garden (that is confirmed used on the pieces of art they call food) and wood work that is perfectly abused. The Parlor offers a fantastic view of culture and originality in a less than thought of location. Staff is full of smiles and hand shakes with the often friendly conversation including the always present gracious owner. The Food = ReDonk. (that means really good ;) The Frito Misto (wish I could take the sauce home and put it on everything) and Deep Fried Rice Matza Risotto Balls (not official name) are a Complete MUST. Last time I had the pleasure I ordered the Spicy BBQ Chicken Pizza and found it SO good that I did not even need ranch! (which if you don't know me is a REALLY big deal)So to round it up...just go and try it for your damn self....you won't be sorry!
4	I dig the space and its clever orientation away from the street. You're literally steps away from roaring, belching Camelback, but might as well be in an architect's home in the foothills or a secluded art space. I didnt like the potato pizza much and feel the one at Sauce is better, although I was impressed with The Parlor's crust.  This pie couldve stayed under the fire another minute or two - there was no carmelization of ingredients. It came with gorgonzola, pancetta, Yukon gold potatoes and leeks. Sounds pretty bold, right? Well, they were very sparing with the pancetta and gorgonzola, and the potatoes were sliced almost transparently thin, like chips.   We agreed the pizza needed something more, visually and gastronomically. Garlic. Red peppers. Rosemary. More pancetta. Something. The butternut squash risotto was three or four star - I've had better. This was a liitle too al dente, and the squash, while appropriately tender and nicely dusted with walnuts (I think), lacked that savory flavor wallop indigenous to butternut squash.     Other entrees were better. A generous chicken and pear salad was a hit and an Italian sub looked and tasted great.  Just looking around, I'm inclined to think food here's generally quite good and I basically ordered the wrong things.  I would certainly return and try something else. Table service was decent, not great, with no real slip ups, but you can also sense a vibe among certain staff that they think the privilege is mostly yours.  Not much of a reception when we arrived ("Inside or out?") and no one in front thanked us upon departure.  While my wife was scanning the wine list, a server waited tableside, then silently walked away. Apparently my wife takes too long for this energetic outfit.  116 valued Yelp colleagues are exactly right. This is four star territory.  Way too imaginative for three stars, too flawed for five.
5	go... go now! I haven't had everything on the menu (yet) but everything i've tried has been delicious. Staff are friendly and the atmosphere is great. Can't wait to go back!
5	Went here with JD's parents on a Sunday night and at 6pm the parking lot was packed. We dropped the p's off and finally found a spot in the parking area for the Armadillo (I felt bad b/c one of their waiters was outside having a smoke and saw us, but there was so much room there!!) Anyway, the place is cute, nothing fancy, but not trying to be super cool makes it pretty cool to me!I had the beet salad and wished I could have turned it into the chopped salad- looked much better even though I am a beet freak. I had the puttenesca pizza, even though the server didnt highly recommend it (she didnt like shrimp). I loved it! It was spicy and cooked perfectly- not too tough but still crispy. The bar crowd looked like a fun bunch, so I will most certainly be back again soon!
5	This place is unreal! When the pizza comes out of the oven it looks like a piece of art. Looks so good you want to devour it but then again you just want to look at it and admire it. To start off we had the cauliflower and I hesitated on getting it cause I cant stand the stuff but oh my god I love it now. Also we had the margarita pizza. Um yeah DELISH! Im going to get the Salsiccia on my next visit. And we had to try a pasta so we had the Pappardelle Bolognese. Again it was great. The pasta is made fresh in house and you can tell. We ate so much we had no room for dessert but next time I will. I have made it a point to go here once a week. I want to try everything they have on the menu. Prices are great. All that and two beers $32. Like I said this place is a must. Just look at the pics and you will see what Im talkin about. This is my new favorite place. The inside is simple and clean.  The staff are all very friendly. Our waiter was Steve. Tall guy you cany miss him. If you get him as your server you are in luck. He knows everything about all the dishes and is very helpful. Check this place out you will not be disappointed.
3	I started with the mozzarella salad, the cheese was very firm. I sent it back. Next up was a margarita with mushrooms. Although the pizzas at Parlor are decent, they are not really wood fired at all. Yes, there's wood in the oven, however if you look into the oven on the right side you will see that it is actually burning gas. True Neapolitan style wood fired pizza is cooked in the range of 800F using only wood.BOTTOM LINE: Decent pizza, but no comparison to PB
4	You know, this place has now surpassed Grimaldi's for me. Their pizza is exceptional. Great selection of toppings and a great atmosphere.Just go man. Just go.
5	I went back a second time to The Parlor for my parent's birthday on a Friday evening. I had attempted to call ahead to make a reservation but was dismayed to hear that they did not accept reservations. Knowing it was a Friday, and it was a first Friday, and early December... there would be a wait. So, I made sure to show up at The Parlor to secure a table or at least get my name on the list for my party of ten. I know the parking lot of The Parlor is quite small for a restaurant of its size so I wasn't surprised they would have a valet service like LGO, and knowing it was complimentary was worth it making parking less of a hassle. Placed my name on the list and was told it would be an hr wait for a table. Despite the confusion of names, and hosts trying to locate patrons, my party was seated a little past the hour wait. Family was impressed by the place and I kept on raving about the food. We ordered the soup of the day, a bruschetta, the cauliflower granita and the frito misto. The soup of the day was this roasted sweet corn bisque that was exquisite, the bruschetta was delicious, never got to try the cauliflower granita but heard it was really good, and the frito misto was above average. As for entrees, our server was awesome in getting all our orders right. We ordered, the funghi, the salsiccia, the pepperoni, and the yukon gold potato, the duck club, the summer corn risotto and the seafood linguini. If I were to rank the pizzas in descending preference from excellent to good because none are bad... they're all yum. On top is the salsiccia, the funghi, the pepperoni and the yukon. The summer corn risotto was my least favorite, it was quite bland. The seafood linguini had a spicy kick to it which surprised us all but the pasta was delicious! And the duck club is like the best club out there, the duck is delicious, and oh so tender! We had asked our server if the Parlor did anything special for birthday celebrations and was told, that a complimentary slice of the italian chocolate cake was given complete with candles. So knowing we'd all get a taste of the chocolate cake, we also ordered the tiramisu. We were all surprised that it was not just a slice but a freaking big slice to say the least and that chocolate cake is DELICIOSO!!! Topped with fresh whip, and lots of whip, and the chocolate was so moist, not too sweet and inside it had black cherries... just thinking of it makes me want to stop by later for a slice... it's GOOD!!! and the Tiramisu has to be one of the best tiramisu's i've had, just as good as the one back in North Beach in Little Italy SF. The pine nut topping was bomb it was a boom boom pow with the tastebuds! Both desserts were a great finish to a very satisfying meal, and it seems my family will return in the future. Can't wait for my return visit soon!
5	So my wife, my son and I decided to check this place out for lunch today and man am I a happy camper. We started with the Frito Misto that was served with Remesco, which was very good. We split 2 8" pizzas between the three of us. Each pizza had  6 cmall slices, plenty for the three of us. We had the pepperoni with fresh mozzarella and the Smokey, minus the olive tapenade (wife's not a fan, I think it would have made the pizza a bit better...maybe next time) Both pizzas were just well executed. my wife likes a bit more cook on her pies, but I thought they were great. The smokey had fresh ricotta, arugula and speck. That was the best of what we had, just well put together pizza. The menu seemed well balanced with some classics, and some that were a bit too new age for me (I just moved back from Italy a few years back and have seen everything served on a pizza, but some things are a bit much for me).  The ambience is nice, what a great addition to Central Phoenix!  We'll definitely be back..next I"m eye balling the duck breast sandwich (anything with duck, breast or any combination of the two is right up my alley ;)
4	Four adults and a toddler show up for a late dinner to have some food and enjoy ourselves a little.  Total success!  Though the Yelp page said "no" under good for kids when we checked, it totally was.  They asked if we wanted a high chair (yes) and the waiter was brilliant about getting something to eat out fast for my nephew.  He dug the butter parmesan spaghetti noodles (not on the menu, but suggested by our waiter)!As others suggested, I had the beet salad with goat cheese.  Spot on!  A well done dish.  I also enjoyed my main, the butternut squash risotto.  I also highly recommend the roasted olives - my first time ever having hot olives, and it worked splendidly!Roast banana and chocolate gelato scoops make a nice combo to finish it all off.  I'd have loved to try one of the signature cocktails, but didn't happen tonight.The ambience was kinda hip and noisy enough to make having a kid with you ok, but not too noisy to make it uncomfortable.  No reservations accepted, and they claimed a 15 minute wait, but we were seated within 5.The only thing keeping them from a 5 star was some slight errors on the waiter's part, like bringing fries only instead of fries and a caesar salad as ordered, or forgetting a spoon or enough boxes for the (ample) leftovers.  I'd go back.
5	Last night I went to the Parlor for the second time, I was waiting to try it again before I wrote the review, simply because I only tried a couple things and they were amazing. I didn't trust that it would be as good the second time. I was wrong!I went with my Brother (the Sommelier) and his wife, who drove in from San Diego for the weekend.  And Jason B. who clearly loves this place. We decided to start with a pizza as an appetizer. The Duck pizza, it was very delectable. The Squash puree was really well flavored and went  will with the pizza, which surprised me. I ordered the Duck Club, oh my! It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The Duck was so tender and the red wine jelly was so well flavored it really made the sandwich! I would recommend everyone try the Duck Club!My brother and his wife shared the beet salad, which was good but too small according to my brother. The Spicy Seafood Linguine, which he said was exactly what he had hoped it would be and really excellent. And the Spicy Barbeque Chicken Pizza (They were really hungry!) and they enjoyed the pizza as well. I find my family hard to impress, and they were, so for that alone the place deserves 5 Stars! Service was good, the pizza was slow, but then they can only fit so many in the oven, so we understand. The wine selection was okay, not impressive according to my brother, but they thought the prices were good.Over all a great experience and the perfect place to impress out of town family! Great job The Parlor!
5	Really good food, really good atmosphere. I had there wild mushroom pizza w/o truffle oil, and it was very tasty, and some goat cheese Tortellini pasta, that were beyond good. Can't recommend this place enough.
4	We had the mozzarella salad, very fresh and crispy with a nice sweet dressing. We then shared the bouginese   pasta, and we still ended up with a doggie box! !  We always enjoy it here.Funky, hip, and wonderful food.  A no brainer.
4	Quality isnt up to Bianco's obsessive standards, but the menu is engaging and reasonably well executed. Service ranges from sharp to self absorbed.  The space is attractive, interesting and comfortable.  Dont get the soup of the day, no matter how much they push it - it's always watery and disappointing.  The pork sandwich sucks. Once I had a hair in my pizza, but we've been here a lot and otherwise hairless.   Favorites include:Puttanesca pizza - tender calimari.  really nice with fennel and capers. Margherita and sausage pizzas are bueno. Duck Club - unique, complexShellfish linguine -  the $12 app portion (mussels, shrimp, calamari and clams, in spicy tomato broth)  is a steal.    For dessert, zeppole dipped in mascarpone and cranberry jam was really nice with coffee.   Food execution - 3.5 out of 5 starsMenu Appeal - 5 starsDrinks/Happy Hour - 5 starsService - 3.5 starsAmbience - 4 starsValue - 3.5 stars
5	I love this place... I can't think of a better place to eat pizza in the valley... take that Pizzeria Bianco!!!!  All of the pizza is great and the place has a great vibe.  If you are a fan of LGO and the Vig this is your place.  Try the mushroom or pepperoni pizza... I do have a word of warning... be careful when you make your own pizza since before i knew it i had made a $25 12 inch pizza... but that was because i misread the menu... opps
4	My husband and I took our 9 year old here for lunch. It was our first time and were really hoping to like it. Well, we did. We are huge fans of LGO and are happy to have another place like it closer to central Phoenix. For an appetizer we had the Frito Misto (calamari and rock shrimp). I wasn't a fan of the shrimp but really liked the calamari. I would have like the app to be less greasy but then again, maybe I shouldn't have ordered a fried appetizer. The 3 of is split two of the small $10 pizzas (Pepperoni and Smokey- sans the olive tepanade because I hate olives). Each of the pizzas had 6 slices and truly was plenty for the 3 of us. We felt rather gluttonous after eating all of the pizza. The pizzas were sooooo good! As I mentioned, we went during lunch but managed to get there before the rush. I feel that we had good service and we really enjoyed our meal.
4	Had Christmas Party here...and it was great! We ordered pitchers of Spaten and the waitstaff never let your glass get empty! They have a great selection of wine as well! The mushroom pizza made my taste buds feel like they were bathing in heaven!! ooof! The pepperoni pizza was also delicious!!! If you're in the mood for pasta and like pesto, try their pesto pasta! great flavor, great texture to the pasta...not mushy at all! YOU MUST TRY!!!! WE CAN'T WAIT TO GO AGAIN!
3	Had lunch here w/ Violeta today.  Funny- I had spotted The Parlor a few times whilst looking for other venues, but even w/ the knowledge of the address and the general area of where to look, I still missed the turn into TP's corner!  Strange, that.We really liked the ambience of TP.  Wood everywhere- much of the wood and windows were recycled from a Bahama Breeze that had shut down awhile back.  I was hoping we'd be able to dine outside, but there wasn't a spot available; No worries- indoors isn't as noisy as I feared, and it was great to see how busy this place can get!I had planned to order only an entree, which was a task, I tell you, since the menu was chock-full of delicious-sounding selections!  However, we were at a pizza joint, and what better than to order the house's specialty?  Since V. ordered a salad insalata http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=rESBIwLbWWIuuBmiUrzfog ($6.50) along w/ a Margherita pizza, I decided I'd try the Farm salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=fBvN3SRC2CsX6H3ZC1DX2A ($7), as well as customizing my own 8-inch pizza ($6) w/ ricotta and pecorino cheeses ($1 each), artichokes ($1), and rosemary and sage (n/c). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=hsvoqgf-kCxmbUK-QcpKoA  We chatted for quite some time before the salads arrived, but what a beauty mine was to behold when it did!  I felt terrible for V. since her salad came w/ salami- I can relate to her misgivings for the dish, as I, too, am not a fan.  But what of my Farm salad?!  Roasted chicken, baby greens, pear slices, gorgonzola, spiced pecans, and dressed w/ a white balsamic vinaigrette.  I thought the chicken was a bit too tender in its soaked and shredded form (I would've preferred it grilled), and the dish could've used a bit more gorgonzola, or perhaps a pinch of sea salt to add a little more flavor, but the candied pecans did spruce the dish up a little.  And what of the pizza?  Well, even the server had to comment on how great it smelled!  It was a lovely sight to see, and I really liked the flavors.  I would need to speficy that I'd like the crust to be more crispy next time, but I can't complain on how fresh the cheeses were, and the artichokes seemed to be fresh and not from a can.Since V. wasn't up for splitting a dessert, I ordered the zeppole (Italian donuts) to-go.  These were described to be ricotta fritters rolled in cinnamon-sugar and garnished w/ seasonal sauces (cranberry relish and a nutella ganache).  I love ricotta, so I had to try it.  I was hoping to crack open a donut hole to see candied ricotta oozing out, but it was just fried donut batter that was moist due to the added ricotta.  I did have one at the resto, and while it was good, I wouldn't order it again.I'll definitely be back--so many items on the menu begging to be tried!
4	Finally made it to The Parlor for dinner.  I was waiting until it had been open for awhile and the hype had died down.  Apparently it has not as it was packed on a Wednesday evening.Thanks to Christina P for pointing out the herb garden in front.  Very nice to know my meal was not made with dried herbs from a 5-gallon jar from Sam's Club, although I could certainly tell it was not.  I really like the interior with the exception that the acoustics are terrible, and it is really loud.  But since it's not a fine dining experience, I was not bothered by it.We started with the meat and cheese selection, served with grilled rosemary flatbread.  You choose your own meat and cheeses from a list at $3 each.  I love that you can customize your appetizer and order as much or as little as you want.  Although they had some really appealing salads and pastas, I decided I should order a pizza.  I went with the Smokey (smoked prosciutto, olive tapenade, and ricotta, topped with arugula).  At $10 for an 8" pizza, it was not only delicious, but affordable as well.  The combination of flavors was perfect.  I really liked the pizza crust, but it was a little soft towards the center.  We ordered two desserts.  One was the special, which was a dried fruit bread pudding.  I'm normally not big on bread pudding, but I have to say this was really good.  The other was the zeppole, ricotta fritters.  I was actually expecting a ricotta filling.  Instead, they were essentially small doughnuts made with ricotta.  Still delicious and moist, served with cranberry and chocolate dipping sauces.Service was decent, not perfect.  I certainly enjoyed The Parlor enough to make the long 9-mile drive from home for this one!
5	Love this little pizza place. Came with my wife on a busy night and had some muddled, old-school drinks in the bar. Pizza and service were both fantastic, but I don't remember the details. Highly recommended and, if you're feeling the muddled, go with the drink with bourbon and cherries.
4	Yay, so glad I finally got to eat here after hearing good things from my friend Andrea! We went here on a Friday night, place was packed but it was worth it! We were told there would be a 30 min wait but seemed shorter when we were at the bar side and ordered a couple glasses of wine. Had the Boom!Boom! Syrah which was supposed to be similar to Raw Power and it was pretty good, and smooth!We ended up sitting at the pizza bar with parlor seats and you can see them making the pizzaa. I ended up having the Funghi which consists of goat chees, portobello mushrooms, garlic and olive oil, can I say delish!!! My friend had the margharita pizza and we split a side of calamari for an appetizer(included shrimp). Then came a sensational chocolate cake which we split. I will be back here again!!
4	Finally made it to Parlor last night. We started with the cheese plate with salami and prosciutto with pesto.Our dining companions had dined there several times before and guided us through drink selections (very inventive  and delicous- created by an award winning bartender).We decided on two 12 inch pizza's to split between three of us. At that was size, it was just enough food. I settled on the duck pizza (because I'm a huge fan of anything with Duck) with a butternut squash puree. It was delicious! However, the Salciccita pizza prepared with Schneider's sausage was amazing! Duck was good; Salciccita: Fantastic!I haven't heard of any complaints from friends, and everyone seems to love the Parlor. Sorry it took so long to try out- I'll be back very soon!
5	This is a great place to eat in the Biltmore area! I live really close, so we get there a lot...I'm writing this review because I was there last night and had the special- a crispy duck breast with an arugula and cabbage salad and an orange vinaigrette.It might have been the best salad I have ever had and would STRONGLY urge them to put that on their regular menu!I usually get the Funghi (wild mushroom, goat cheese and truffle oil) pizza- but was glad I got the special!
5	I made it to the parlor again today and again I was very happpy with the food and the service. The servers here are so friendly and have lots of knowledge about te menu. We made our own pizza theis time. We topped it with sausage, rock shrimp, onions, and oragano. This pie was delicious. Also we ordered the cauliflower. This place does it well cause I usually I would pass on cauliflower. They serve it in a little cream sauce topped with cheese and bread crumbs. I will get it everytime I go for sure. We also ordered the Pesto Chiatarra. Im not the biggest fan of pesto but the person I was with wanted it and so I had to try it. It has the most delicious tomatoes in it. The sauce was good, deffinetly pesto. The fresh spaghetti noodles were great. It comes with pine nuts, we got them on the side. I'm not a big fan of pine nuts but I did try them and I feel its better without them. This time I added  some pics of the food we ordered. I just love the decour of the place and always happy to be there.
5	Absolutely love this place!  Came here with a girlfriend of mine for lunch on Saturday, and can't rave about this place enough.  Decor is awesome, very sheik and modern.  Service was awesome, and food was tasty.  They have a great little menu here, and you get good food for a great price.   I went with a parlor burger, and they have a few nontraditonal toppings to choose from.  I cant remember what I got on top, but dang, its good!  Have I mentioned how much I love the decor here?  Service was AWESOME too.  Will return in a heartbeat.
3	Fun atmosphere!  Average pizzas although the fungi pizza is the better pizza they serve.  I have come here a couple of times because I just love being greeted by the outdoor herb garden and they have a woodsy feel in their outdoor seating area.  It's definitely a cute place to go with friends and have a casual night out.  Love the PBR on tap!  Prices are also very reasonable.
4	Holler for The Parlor!Taking my friend's advice, I skipped the pizza. I was a bit hesitant to skip on something that this place specializes in but when I got there and took a peek at my neighbor's pizza, it did not make me drool. But you wanna know what did?!  The DUCK CLUB!Nom nom nom! Tender slices of duck breast, beautiful crispy bacon, some green leafy things and raspberry jam served with a side of really tasty fries This sandwich rocked my world and I'm ready to be rocked some more. Since The Parlor is right down the street from the office, you bet your sweet ass that I'll be here more often.
2	Meh.I was with a big group of people, and we ordered:- margerita pizza- pepperoni pizza-smokey pizza-funghi pizza-sausage pizzaAnd another pizza that was basically a funghi with proscuitto and duck added on top.The only thing I was impressed with was the duck.  I thought the pizza was .....   .......   *yawn*Meh.I doubt I'll ever be back.But if I do go back, I'll get the duck club instead of pizza.
5	I came here last Sunday and just want to add to the accolades. I felt a little confused seeing the herbs outside, but upon being explained their actual usage, I admit I fell into the This is so Cool! attitude, which may have colored my experience. We ate outside which was very nice, the foliage growing on the wall behind me was not off-putting, but surprisingly endearing. We ordered the Yukon Gold Potato pizza and the Pepperoni, for my less adventurous significant other. The Y. Gold was my favorite pizza I've had so far in my life, very thinly sliced potatoes, creamy ricotta, pancetta, and leeks, all combined for a great pie. The pepperoni was pretty straightforward, well-executed but nothing I'll remember next week. For desert, the tiramasu was delicious, but I must confess I am a tiramasu fiend. If not for my very sensitive teeth, I would've appreciated the caramel chips sprinkled throughout more, but my gf said it went well with it.This place was great! The last aspect I loved was the feeling of comfort it induced, I wound up spending about an hour here despite the pizzas coming out very quickly, just a great place to relax and eat. I plan on coming here over and over!8'' pizzas = $10, so obviously 2 = $20Tiramasu = $6Soft Drink = $2.50 each
5	The dinner club selection for August was The Parlor.Since Im writing this review many months removed from our outing, Ill spare everyone the specifics and just say, we loved this spot. Our second highest rated DC spot in over 1 year of Dinner Club (at 2 restaurants per month, thats quite a few). While we will all admit The Parlor isnt perfect (the potatoes on the pizza were undecooked for example) its strengths far outshine the problems. The cheese plate was fantastic, the pesto was fresh and perfect. The pizzas were scrumptious, and the ambiance was fantastic.We all cant wait to go back....PS - we have it from a good source that the burgers here are even better than the pizza.
2	I had love for Parlor last year...but I have to update based on my recent visit this week. My husband and I decided to stop here for lunch and had the usual hour before we had to go back to work. Well we stood at the hostess stand for about 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us! At this point, no one's frustrated. After being seated, we made our picks so that we were totally ready for our server...except...no one came over to us...for over 10 minutes! Now we're frustrated! I didn't mention this before, but it was not busy in there at all! After a couple minutes of eye contact with servers as they casually floated past us and even a friendly "hand wave" in the air to one of them who looked right past us as though we were totally invisible, we left. We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
2	I always thought of myself as a calm, laid back gal... But, it turns out that the waitstaff at a certain restaurant can get me **really** riled up.  Some highlights:Picture a waiter walking up to your table and instead of saying "welcome... what would you like..." just walking up and saying, well,  nothing!  Yes, nothing.  Just staring. Eventually, you get said waiter to talk. Turns out its probably better when he doesn't talk.  Completely unhelpful in helping us understand how many pizzas to get for the group.Fast forward... pizzas arrive ... only not quite what we ordered.  We say "its no big deal" but clearly in an "I'm being polite" sort of way.  There is a clear reaction that any decent waitstaff would have---"sorry!  we'll fix this."  Instead just utter rudeness throughout the rest of the meal.  The pizzas themselves were fine.  Probably 3.5-4 fine.  But, the waitstaff.... One word of caution: Its rather hard to find.  You might not find it and circle the block two or three times.  Or, you might find it at the last second and want to make a sharp right turn.  Please be nice to the cars behind you!
4	What a lovely lunch I had at the Parlor!  It was a rainy day and my daughter and I were going to lunch and the movies.  We started with the brussel sprouts, which were amazing.  Being a wimp I will ask for 'no red pepper flakes' next time...but the sprouts were roasted, seasoned and mellow.  I also had the carrot and ginger soup, which my daughter then decided she liked also.  I could eat that soup often!Then came the pizza.  The pesto pizza.  YUM.  YUM.  YUM.  I loved the crust on this pizza.  I love pesto.  I really enjoyed the little semi-sweet crunch of the pinon nuts added.  My daughter and I were getting really full but managed to take down an 8" pesto pizza.  I look forward to this again.  Note, the staff is really mellow.  Like, REALLY mellow.  If you're expecting fawning service, this isn't the place.  But we didn't have to wait long at all for our food, got everything we asked for and were quite happy!
4	Another review for the parlor,Quality ingredients with a great atmosphere creates a top restaurant in the Biltmore area. A great place to meet up with a group of friends for Pizza and Wine!  The appetizers were great and the Pizza was outstanding.  I always enjoy a great margherita pizza and you can find it here.                   I don't boast its the best pizza ever but well worth the trip.
4	I have been going to the Parlor since it first opened and I consider myself a big fan of their food, service and decor all of which is in the upper echelon of the food scene here in Phoenix. Being a born and bred New Yorker, it is not an easy thing to make me excited about pizza here in the southwest but the pizza at the Parlor makes me a little less homesick for my NYC pizza faves. Simply put, they make a really satisfying pie with a nice thin crust, flavorful cheeses and other fresh ingredients. My only criticism is that sometimes their pie makers do not always find that sweet spot in the oven that allows the bottom of the pizza crust to cook more evenly and insure even crispiness. But this is a minor criticism. I also recommend the ceasar salad and the spinach salad which are both excellent. And their burgers and fries are also of the best in Phoenix. As for dessert, I've had the tiramisu and the chocolate cake and am very impressed with both.The service has always been consistently good. I've been to Parlor both at peak and off hours and their staff has always been attentive, friendly and prompt. My only criticism has been that they are some times a little too eager to get you the check at the end of the meal. I would rather leisurely sip my coffee and nibble at a dessert without having the server lay down the check next to me while I just begin to do so. But this is a very small issue and considering how unbelievably poor restaurant service can be in this town, I'll take Parlor's overpromptness any day over bad service.The decor at the Parlor is also worth mentioning. Modern, using some of the old beauty salon features like the barber stools at the pizza bar adds a warm and unpretentious touch. All in all, the Parlor is always a happy experience which I always look forward to coming back to.
3	1/21/10Ordered the duck club http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=7A5VAyqfTeIMbaoicdd9GA minus the red wine tomato jam and instead had pesto on the side, along w/ the roasted garlic aioli and the side of fries that come with the entree.  Looked great- the fries were perfect (!), but, and perhaps the absence of the red wine tomato jam had something to do with it, I didn't find the sandwich to be anything to write home about.  The delicious and crispy apple-smoked bacon and roasted garlic aioli were big pluses and helped to round out this review to three stars.  The tiramisu I had for dessert was very good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=AaTAT23mL5rguQtrmDEbNw  Your usual espresso-soaked ladyfingers layered w/ sweet mascarpone and cocoa, BUT w/ the added toffee-crunch of pine nut brittle!  Oh... I could use a few bites of that pastry right now :)Service was a little lacking- I had noticed a woman busily jotting down the night's specials and had asked my server what else were being served (if anything struck my fancy, I'd have added more to my tab), but he would not and DID NOT go to any lengths to get the info.  Lo, and behold, as I was walking out the door, I looked at the board and, sure enough, there were at least three items that I would've gladly ordered for take-out had my server relayed the info.  Hey, it was his and The Parlor's loss in tips and sales!I wanted to sit at the bar area this time, to get a different perspective of the place, but I didn't care for the austere metal chairs that contrasted w/ the rest of the wooden furniture.  Found it jarring, especially since I felt that the rest of the venue to be cozy and inviting!
4	Everything I have had there is great...the atmosphere is great.  My new place to for business lunches!
4	Tried the Parlor for the first time on a recent weekend to celebrate a special occasion.  Arriving just before seven p.m. on a Saturday night, I was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait and we were seating as soon as we got there.  Service was very friendly, efficient and quick.I ordered a beer and the wife ordered a glass of wine and we decided to split the house greens and the pizza that comes with pesto/pine nuts/tomato.  The house greens were very good, plenty of pecans and chunks of gorgonzola.  The pie was also good, though it did seem a bit greasy.  Crust was nice and chewy, especially around the edges and had a good flavor.  Was also good the next day for lunch after a quick ride in the toaster oven.  For dessert we split an order of zeppoles, or if you prefer, fresh out-of-the-fryer donut holes.  I liked these and especially with the salted butter caramel sauce.  Much better than the beignets at Bourbon Steak.  One weird thing about these though...when we ordered them the server says, 'you haven't ordered these before have you?' and proceeds to tell us that they are still good, they just changed the recipe a little bit and something about orange rind/zest in the filling now.  This was weird because we specifically discussed that this was our first time in the restaurant!  Of course, I don't expect him to remember the details of every conversation he has with every table but still...  Also, out of six zeppoles/donut holes, only one bite with any strong orange flavor was noted.Anywho, had a very good experience there, and wouldn't hesitate to return.
5	Big time fan.  Love the Cauliflower appetizer and I love the pesto and whatever the red sauce is that comes with the meat and  cheese starter.  Delicious.   Very solid beer selection on tap as well.    Have been 4 times and will soon be making it a 5th.
4	There is a reason The Parlor gets so many great reviews. This restaurant has delectable food and has such a fun atmosphere. We went here about a year ago when it first opened and it was jammed packed with beautiful people. This time we went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and it was still delicious but with a much more mellow vibe. Definitely try the garden mojito. It is really refreshing and the cucumber and fresh mint are what makes the drink. Brandon, my fiance, loves that they have cold PBR for $2.50 on tap. All of the salads sound terrific but we decided on the parlor insalata for me and the farm greens for Brandon. Both salads were made with very fresh ingredients and a big portion for a small sized salad. The salads are even perfect by themselves for a lunch entree. We were going to try and design our own pizza but decided we should leave this job to the professionals and went with the smokey pizza (ricotta cheese, prosciutto and arugula). It was amazing! The crust is perfect- light, crispy and tasty. I love the Parlor , I only wish it was open on Sundays and that the parking situation wasn't so crappy. Lucky for me this place is within walking distance so we will be back for sure!
3	Closed on Sundays.  FYI.  So.....never been there.  I dont know about you, but I like to eat pizza and watch football on Sundays so WTF would they be closed?  Who goes out ot eat on Sundays?  Me.  Who likes pizza on Sunday? Me.  Who is closed on Sunday? Parlor.  I wish there was a star rating for "not sure".  Im not going to be like some people who give 1 star when they dont like one little thing about a place, so I will give it 3 figuring nobody will make a decision to go there or not go there based upon a ranking of 3/5.  I will be happy to update this review when I make a successful visit to The Parlor.
4	Very cool place. You can easily drive right past The Parlor and never know what you are missing out on. I worked in the area for nearly 2 years and never knew about the Parlor until my office relocated and a friend recommended it to me and I would consider me and my wife foodies. The decor is what I would consider a mix of modern and industrial and it is very upscale casual. The food is very good . I have tried a few pizzas and I love the fungi pizza so far. It has rich flavors and if you like thin crust, wood burning stove "fancy" pizzas then this will hit the spot. Don't be intimidated by the look of the fungi (which if you order it, you must like mushrooms). They use nice oils and don't overtake any flavors with too much cheese. Salads are very solid choices. I have also had the risotto and would give it a 4 rating. It is very good and rich. Our favorite app or side dish is the cauliflower gratin. This is a cheesy baked cauliflower topped with nice bread crumbs heaven. They have a fairly good wine list to choose from to pair with about anything on the menu. Overall the service has always been great. They are typically busy, but I would say any wait is worth it. They have 3 different areas for seating. If it is a nice day, the outside patio is nice and they also have the windows open in the bar area seating. The third area is the main seating area and they have a large space in the back they can put together for groups. If you are looking for a nice business sit down casual lunch, nice Saturday lunch or a solid upscale casual dining in the area, I would definitely recommend you add this to your list and keep your eyes open, because it is very easy to drive right past.
3	I kept hearing raving reviews about this place from my friends so I thought I better check it out.  Went there with a girlfriend for dinner and was not overly impressed.  Atmosphere cool, food okay- nothing that blew my taste buds away.  This place reminded me of the "most popular girl" syndrome.  Everyone says good things about this place cause that's what's expected.  For me though, I didn't find the "something extra extra' for me to write a glowing review or for me to recommend this place to other people.
3	Parlor is probably a top ten pizza place in town... probably.I was a little disappointed with my Smokey Pizza as they were so damn skimpy with the proscuitto and then covered the thing with arugula. That's all I could taste was greens. The crust was also a bit doughy for my taste. This is all down to personal preference, however.The waiter was very kind and was probably the best thing about the place. They look like they tried to create a postino/vig hybrid atmosphere, and while it was nice inside and airy, I don't see how everyone is raving about how they kept the old salon intact. It looks nothing like that old salon did. NOTHING.3 stars for average. I guess I shouldn't have been expecting to be blown away. There are too many amateur hour reviewers on this site.
5	Hell Yes. There is nothing i dont like about this place. It's relaxing yet hip, nice booths, great outdoor space. It's nice and spread out so you're not forced to dine on top of others. The waiter was great, attentive yet not pushy. I had their version of the Caprese Salad with Roasted Chicken added and it was a burst of deliciousness. My friend had the pepperoni pizza and that was crispy yet doughy perfection. Portions were perfect. Dessert I tried the pistachio crusted cheesecake and it was smooth, not too rich..dare I say refreshing and light? Ive never really had a "stomping ground" but this could be it!!
4	It's more like 4.5, probably a 5 if I had ordered something else.Went with Amy and our server was so fantastic.  Very personable and so patient while we ran our mouths.  I loved the atmosphere and the way they maintained that funky brick facade facing Camelback. Went for lunch on a Saturday and ordered the margherita pizza.  The toppings on the pizza were really good but I didn't like the crust.  That's not to say it tasted bad or was made incorrectly, I personally wanted (or "prefer" may be a better word) a slightly thicker crust. I'm not going to be an asshole and say the whole thing sucked because it wasn't my personal preference.  I think other people may like the thinness of the crust, and I'll just leave it alone.I'm looking forward to going back to try the burger and some of their other items.
4	Spanish chorizo stuffed squash blossom antipasti rocks. Crazy busy and loud bar. Potato pizza is good, get the egg on the pizza you won't be disappointed!
3	I came in fully expecting to hate it.  The hipster staff are all attitude without the substance to back it up...our waiter was a disaster.  Maybe my partner and I are not beautiful enough to be worth the effort.  That's why i was knocked out by the quality of the food.  Everything was delicious, really, really good.  I like simple pizza.  I ordered the margherita and the thin crispy thin crust blew me away. It is my new favorite pizza place (sorry Cibo)...Here is the dillema do you forgive terrible service if the food is good.  The quick answer is yes...for now.
2	I've been at the parlor several times. Slightly odd decor and nice exterior. Food is a mixed bag for me. Pizzas are ok, sandwiches oddly filled and come on a strange bread that has to be perfectly fresh or the sandwich is ruined - and that happened a couple of times. So far the brie burger is my favorite. It is super greazy but goes down pretty well. The fries that come with it are VERY nice but I don't bother with the salad because it tends to be very tart and otherwise flavorless. Most of the salads don't appeal to me, but I usually do enjoy salads in other places. Service is moderate and has improved. Used be quite bad. The bar stools are a turn-off for me; barber chairs... yuk. This place used to be a hair salon and they kept some of the hair styling furniture and decor. I don't like to associate my meals with hair clippings but the thought is forced into my head. Please, what are they thinking in that place. I'm usually there with a group. Not my first choice but if someone in the group wants to go then I don't fight it too much; it's not horrible.Update:  So I ended up in this place again, and my experience is not much different this time either. This time I am beginning to notice that the pizza crusts are always burned or the have a large spot or two that is black.  Today, three of us had pizzas and every one of them has a nearly black rim. Is it just me?? I like to eat the crust edges, but don't like when they are burned that way.
4	Food was very good. Duck special was yummy. Olives were excellent. Pizza(funghi was quite good) Duck sandwich was good, nit great, bread was weak and tomato jam not great.Staff was incredible. Some guy named Steve. Ask for him. And i never recommend waitstaff.Nice decor. Very nice actually. Easy parking. Cool separate bar area. If I lived in Phoenix I wuld go there regularly.
5	My first time going here was on Saturday (yes, I will definitely be back!) to take my friend to her pre-birthday lunch. She had been there several times before and it is one of her most favoritist places to eat. First off, the waiter was on the ball! I had barely sat down and he was already offering me something to drink. I love when people pay attention to their tables! It makes me teary-eyed. So anywho, I start looking at their menu, and I am completely struck by the inability to choose. So many great options, and only one brief afternoon to try something. I finally settled on the chicken salad sandwich with a side order of fries. Simply put, it was perfection. It was not glopful of mayonnaise, the chicken was flavorful, the bread was scrumptious (and I do not use that term lightly!) and the fries were exquisitely seasoned. I could not have been more pleased. And I can't wait to try the other items on their menu (and maybe save room for dessert!)
4	Step into The Parlor said the hostess to the guy...and while I wouldn't say we stepped in (it was more of a skip)...we did find ourselves immediately pleased with the decor. Herb garden lining the sidewalk, bar windows wide open, fireplace straight ahead and an interior that may rattle my heavenly friend, St. Francis. Get it? Heavenly? Saint? Um...well...anyhoo...the few times I've been there was always that awkward post lunch-pre dinner time (around 2ish)...we were always greeted and seated immediately. That can be an easy time to be forgotten in a restaurant.I had dreams about the Pesto Pasta after my first visit. It was weird. Pesto Pasta and I were on a cruise where Chaz Bono was performing Send In The Clowns. She kept throwing chunks of Parmesan at us from the stage calling us Parlor Gays. Then a huge unicorn came from above and ate her. I don't know what that means. But that has to be one full unicorn. Spinach salad and calamari are big weiners here...wait, I mean, winners here. Winners. Love the tropical ice tea. Service was a solid B+. LOVE the 2 price options on the pasta dishes. I try to eat my cheat foods in fist size portions. Ok. No fist jokes from the randy gays. Please. Welcome to the neighborhood said The Culinary Comedian to The Parlor.
5	Okay so Ive been here 4 times now this month alone which is unheard of for those that know me. I never go to the same place repeatedly, let alone in the same month. 3 of those times I was lucky enough to be waited on by a delicious waiter named Andrew. He's attentive, knowledgeable, humorous and definitely nice to look at. The perfect server..not one complaint.Last night was the real test. My birthday dinner, eleven of us, they do not take reservations, so this could have been a disaster. We put in our name at 7pm, and were told a 30 minute wait, we had prepared for at least an hour. Saddled up to the bar at the perfect time..as we approached, others were leaving so we had tons of room and didnt have to wait for drinks. Hostess even gave bartenders heads up to start closing us out because our table was coming up..definitely well organized.  We were sat well within an hour. What I like about this place is that it is sooo spacious. Every table is sat but it never feels crowded. We ordered appetizers, of which I sampled the salami and homemade mozz with Rosemary Flatbread. Their flatbread is unspeakably good. For the my entree I went for the Spring Pea Risotto with crispy prosciutto (added roasted chicken) and although it looked a bit excorcist-ish, it was excellent. I don't know that I would order it again, but I wasn't unhappy with my selection by any means.For dessert as the birthday girl, I was offered the chocolate cake with cherries and whipped cream or the gelato. I went with the cake, and I'm not a big chocolate fan...but this was fantastic.. it wasn't too rich, the cherries and whipped cream were a delicious addition. It couldn't have been more perfect.Thank you Parlor.. you made my birthday dinner a flawless event to remember!
2	On at least four or five occasions we've tried to go to The Parlor, a former beauty salon turned upscale pizza restaurant, but there has always been a long wait to get seated. Given that, and it's consistently good reviews, we made a plan to eat a late breakfast so we could hold off having lunch until 3PM, figuring this was way past lunchtime but too early for happy hour. We were right, there were only a few cars in the lot - we were really excited and had high expectations of a delicious meal. Whoever was responsible for the renovation did a fabulous job. There's lots of exposed brick, wood, glass bricks, and a cute little patio. At the bar there are some salon-type chairs: I don't know how comfortable they'd be for cocktail sipping, but they're a witty touch. My favorite part of the decor is the planters lined up along the path to the door. They're filled with fresh herbs and tomato plants. We were even more convinced that we'd have a great meal. And our server didn't let us down either (service has been the major negative in most of the reviews). He was pleasant and helpful.     We started off with a roasted beet and avocado salad ($9.75). The colors of the golden beets and mellow green of the avocados made for a beautiful plate, and the walnut crusted goat cheese was the perfect foil. While a little on the expensive side, we felt it was worth it. We couldn't wait to dig into the pizza!!     According to the menu, the Smokey pizza ($14 for a 12") is topped with speck (smoked prosciutto), olive tapenade, ricotta, and fresh arugula. Sounds good, doesn't it? It arrived at the table heaped with arugula, with a few pieces of speck on top. I think they put so much arugula on the pie so you couldn't see the paucity of the other ingredients. The only taste that stood out, overpowering even the arugula, was the tomato sauce. OMG, it transported me instantly to my high school cafeteria - and that's not a good place for me to be !!!  Do you remember those thick slices of bready dough topped with a thin, tinny tasting sauce? Aaggh, get me out of there !!! At least at The Parlor the crust was thin, but it was limp as a noodle, and tasteless. I actually, for the first time in living memory, didn't take home the leftovers. That's how bad it was.     I wouldn't tell you not to go here. The Parlor is a pretty place, and the salad was outstanding, but I wish you good luck with the pizza.
4	Just got back from our first visit to the Parlor.  We were celebrating my 4-year-old's birthday - what better way to celebrate than to introduce him to blue cheese, calamari, and cheesecake all in one night?!  He already knew exactly what he wanted to order, and our sweet waitress was super accommodating and offered to put in his order right away.  She clearly knows how to keep kids and parents happy.  We were surprised by the quality and quantity of the children's spaghetti with meat sauce.  It was fantastic and my son gobbled it up.  Soon after, our order of calamari and rock shrimp arrived.  The grilled lemon was a great addition, and the accompanying sauce was delicious!  Our entrees were the Yukon Gold pizza, sausage/radicchio pizza, and the evening's pasta special: Spring Pea ravioli with a garlic cream sauce and pancetta. Oh MY.  Husband nearly inhaled the sausage pizza, and the one slice I managed to steal from him was full of flavor.  It had sage and a very slight drizzle of balsamic - a great compliment to the other flavors of the pizza.  The Potato/Blue cheese/Pancetta pizza was also good, but not quite as spectacular as the first one.  We were thrilled with the ravioli.  It was light, bright, and spring-y - YUM!  My Mother-in-law couldn't get enough of the sauce, and used her pizza crust to sop up the remainder... no drop was wasted!We ended with pistachio gelato and the cheesecake with pistachio crust and macerated strawberries on top.  The cheesecake was good and tasted homemade.  I liked the berries and the addition of balsamic.  I was not a huge fan of the pistachio crust however, especially after crunching down on a piece of shell.All-in-all, the visit was a huge success.  The remodeled interior is lovely, and the inside-outside patio is beautiful.  Our service was spot on, and we really felt welcome (even with a 4-year-old in tow!).  The visit was topped off by our waitress bringing out dessert with a candle in it - obviously having heard our conversation about the boy's bday.  It was a really sweet touch.  We'll be back!!
5	Had a garlic, basil, chicken, sun dried tomato and goat cheese create your own pizza last night - it was yummy.  I will definitely be going back for seconds.  The atmosphere is great as was the service.  And they have Stella on draft, which pairs well with pizza!
5	The Parlor is great.  They have a menu, with stuff on it, but my favorite is the sushi-style paper menu for ordering pizza.  I've never tried anything else, but my wife likes their salads.Start with a 8-inch cheese for $6, then a buck for vegatables/add'l cheeses and 2 bucks for meat.  Add an ice-cold Bass (beer, not fish) and I am in heaven.All the vegatables are from local farms, and the herbs are grown right outside the front door.  The urban redo of an old beauty parlor is great - exactly the type of development Phoenix should be encouraging.  Character is good. Parking sucks.  In particular, if you are the jerk in the bronze mercedes who parked 6 inches from the driver side of my car despite the fact that I parked WAAAAAY over on the side of my spot on the end of the row, I regret to inform you that you have a large white door ding. You brought it upon yourself.
4	First time I ordered out from here for work.  Drawback.. the salads aren't pre tossed in the dressing. Obviously to keep from being soggy upon pick up but the dressing they supply is more than what they would toss with if you ate on site. Unfortunately I trusted the portions they gave me would recreate the "on site" salad and I ended up drowning my poor salad into a soggy mess. Also I had to tell the boy packing the order not to put the burgers in with the salads. Hello? Isn't that "Working in a restaurant 101"  n'est ce pas?
4	I finally got to pop my Parlor cherry tonight.  I have been wanting to try this place out as I have heard they have unique and great pizza's.  I am glad I did.I had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was great.  It was spicy with the Serrano chili's and had a nice tang from the BBQ sauce.  The crust was thin and flaky and overall just a great pie.  They have Kiltlifter on tap which is great for me along with many other 4 peaks beers.  I also liked that they have a garden out front where they grow some herbs that are used in the restaurant.  Great spot I will be back again to try a different pie for sure.
4	Excellent pizza and risotto..great chocolate cake..friendly servers, reasonable prices...fresh ingredients, good atmosphere.  This is my favorite pizza place in phx right now.  Their wine is not so great, drinks are faaarrrr too expensive for anything not well.  If you don't plan on drinking much, you'll be very happy with this place, if you plan on having a few, the outcome will be much diff on your wallet and the value is lost. They'll get a fifth star when they don't charge $18 for a double vodka drink using stoli. (hey it was my birthday!). Have yet to go for lunch..maybe a good intro to the place.
3	Party of 3, a Thursday, 7 ish.  The review is perfect...meh, it was just ok.On the positive +- a great space, especially the patio dining area- friendly serviceRoom for improvement-  - I would say that everything we had was ok.  Solid food, but nothing stands out in my mind. - Pricey and a 'scene', so be ready for a wait on the weekend. I get that it used to be a beauty parlor and still has some exposed pipes and the salon chairs for the bar.  Is it me or is that where the similarities end?Bottom line...if I were in the area, I would probably try something else since I have already been there.
4	Totally different type of Pizza than their Nello's cousins. More like a California Pizza Kitchen style. Also more upscale.  Funny area for such a little hidden gem.  Good pizzas-try the yukon gold.  Also the sandwiches and cheese/meat place is very good.  A micrf bag beer selection, some good imports and Four Peaks beers, full bar and a good wine list.
3	I love the design of this place. Very clean and modern.  The food is above average.  They use a brick oven for the pizza and there is an open kitchen.  I had the calamari/shrimp appetizer.  It was average and had a bit too much remaining oil so all I could taste was canola.  We shared a pizza that was good.  Great combo of sausage, cheeses, really good sauce, oregano.  Prices are very reasonable and the service staff is on point. I will definnitely go back.
5	If you don't at least like this place, something is just straight up wrong with you!  Where to begin on the list of delights: Pecorino Tagliatelle-I think this might be my favorite.  Ladies, if you are in need of that pasta fix that plagues us often, this is your dish.  Heaven in a bowl.  Make your own Pizza-who could ask for more?  And instead of making it insanely expensive to create exactly what you want, they start the base price at a reasonable placePepperoni & Ricotta-speaking of make your own pizza, try this combo.  You will not be disappointed.  Seasonal specials-there are always daily specials.  This winter there was a duck pasta dish that made me weak in the knees.  Two sizes of pasta!-Want to split a pizza with someone and have just a taste of pasta.  Then get the smaller portion.  Just want a big bowl o' pasta, order the large.  This is brilliance in my opinion.  Service-Has always been friendly and attentive.  Atmosphere-love.  There's not a bad seat in the house.  My one and only small complaint: they only take reservations for parties of 12 or more!  That's right, 12!  A lot of times six or eight of us want to go but to wait for tables together is just silliness.
4	I finally made it to The Parlor!  I first saw a sign for it in one of my regular hangouts, Nellos.  Flash forward several months and one of my friends suggested it for dinner as part of our 'girls weekend" at the Biltmore.  After a day of spa treatments and pool time, all four of us were very excited to go to dinner.Walking in, the place was hopping and the staff was welcoming.  We put our names down for a 20-minute wait and put in an order for a bottle of wine (after some kind recommendations from the manager).After about 10 minutes, we were sitting at our table talking to our very friendly and personable server.  He noticed that one of my friends was pregnant (not sure if it was the belly or the lack of a wine glass that tipped him off) and mentioned that his wife was due any day which sparked a nice conversation of baby names and foot massages.The worst part of my Parlor experience was trying to decide what I wanted.  It all sounded so delicious, I wanted (ok, still want) one of everything.  For appetizers we decided on Frito Misto (Crispy Calamari & Rock Shrimp) and Arancini (fried Crispy Saffron Risotto balls filled with Fontina).  Both were good, not earth-shattering, but good!  My favorite part (for both dishes) was the sauce that came with it.For our meal, we split a large Spinach Salad (quite yummy and almost knocked out by the beet salad, but spinach won in the end) and a Funghi pizza.  One anti-mushroom friend did a "build your own pizza."  I didn't try a slice of her pizza, but I did get a chunk of the sausage and it was delicious.  Great seasoning and texture, very fresh.  We were raving about it so much one of my (mostly) vegetarian friends had to try it!Now, I'm going to need a little time to explain this Funghi pizza.  Just a little context for you, I am having an affair with mushrooms at the moment.  Growing up, my mom hated them.  Mushrooms were not called mushrooms in my house; they were called "fungus."  Not exactly appetizing.  As I got older I reached the point of "ok, I can tolerate them."  A few years later, that turned into "Eh, their not so bad."  And within the last six months . . . "Mushrooms?  YES, PLEASE!"With that being said, this Funghi pizza was life changing.  Who knew wild mushrooms, goat cheese (another current love of mine), truffle oil and chives could create a flavor experience that I will never ever forget?!  Someone at The Parlor knew, and for that I am forever grateful!In summary, when it comes to The Parlor, I am a fan.  The meal got better and better with each dish and I am so excited for my next opportunity to make the drive from the tuke and return to The Parlor.  I already know I'm getting the Roast Beet salad and a Funghi pizza.
4	We gave Pizzeria Bianco the old college try since we were visiting from New York, but seriously - nothing can be good enough for a 2.5 hour wait.  Next on our list as a backup was The Parlor. I'm so glad it was.  We tried three varieties of pizza, all were great.  The atmosphere was fun and the beers were flowing.  We had the arancini appetizer (fried rice balls with cheese in the middle) and some tiramisu for dessert.  Everything was excellent.  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	I decided to give Parlor a shot for a mid-day rendezvous with my boyfriend and was pleasantly surprised.     It was noon, the parking lot was full, but we were sat at a booth immediately.   The atmosphere was similar to that of the Vig Uptown, modern but inviting.  I had the Fungi pizza (Assorted Mushrooms, Goat cheese and truffle oil), it was fantastic!  My BF had an Italian sandwich called the Grinder, it was essentially Italian meats and cheeses with giardiniera.   He thoroughly enjoyed it... I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try it.  We also started with some grilled olives from the Queen Creek Olive Mill; they were very tasty and only $2, perfect snack while we waited on our meals.   Definitely give this place a try, it's nothing fancy but a great spot for a casual date or meet up with friends.
4	The Parlor is, indeed, as good as everyone says it is. The space is very nice - modern but casual, dimmed lighting, good music. Service is friendly and helpful. And the food rivals other upscale/gourmet pizzerias like Humble Pie and Cibo. The large field greens salad at first seemed a little pricey for the size, but was totally worth it for the quality and amazing flavor. I'd be back for that even if the pizza sucked, which is surely does not. The smokey pizza was very unique and wonderful - the olive tapenade really added such a nice touch - and I LOVE their crust, thin throughout the middle, crisp but chewy on the edges. I can't wait to go back to work my way through their menu!
4	Love it the sandwhiches, havent tried the pizza yet although I've heard nothing but good things.  Great build out to, love the use of reclaimed woods.
4	When it comes to higher end quality pizza and pasta in town this is up there on my list. It's mainly getting 4 stars for food quality and lack of wait time. Unlike other well known pizzerias, my wait was just about 2 minutes. Of course if I had opted to eat inside it would have been a bit longer but not by much. I chose the patio, completely shaded and equip with misters I didn't mind not being in the air conditioning. After looking at the menu for a good while, I decided to build my own pizza, choosing the wild mushrooms, locally made sausage, garlic and spinach. Just having the option to personalize your pizza is nice. The crust is done well and not soggy. I also ordered up their house salad which comes dressed (while good in hind sight I would ask for it on the side) and especially loved the garbanzo bean garnish, such tasty morsels along with several other fresh ingredients. The worst thing about The Parlor is the parking. They offer a complementary Valet but it still ends up being a mess as these guys run all over trying to move and park cars while other people are also trying to find parking, which is limited.
4	Yummy pizza and delicious salad. I tried the roast beet salad with walnut crusted goat cheese and we built our own pizza to share. The salad was colorful and the cheese was awesome. The pizza was good with fresh toppings and thin crust. It also has a neat decor and atmosphere. Was a great place to try with friends and would like to enjoy one of their own pizzas next time instead of making our own.
2	Its fancy and culinarily exciting.  But I found that most of the creativity resulted in me wishing I had the perfectly ordinary thing.  We came here for my birthday and got the spinach salad and the Smokey pizza.  The salad wasn't bad at all, but I did not like the pizza very much at all.  The crust wasn't bad, but one of the ingredients (maybe the arugula?) made our teeth feel sticky and had a weird bitter taste.  Maybe it was the cheese?  Ack, I never had to push myself that hard to take bites of pizza before.For dessert we got the tiramisu and balsamic strawberry cheesecake (a birthday indulgence).  The portion sizes were on the small side and they each had a weird (fancy) twist to them that kind of hurt the taste of the dessert overall.  It was different and interesting, but sometimes you just want to enjoy a good dessert and this wasn't it.All in all, I might go back and try a regular pepperoni pizza and a different dessert IF I had a good coupon or they were having a special deal of some kind.
1	Got Bugs? No? Want Bugs? Yes? I have your place -- apparently. First, nice open space, modern but comfortable with a nice atmosphere that isn't too loud or too quiet. Most importantly, I don't eat bugs voluntarily. I know, call me odd, but it just isn't my thing. Up until my visit to The Parlor, not one single person had made me feel odd or unwarranted in my preference to avoid consuming bugs...ahhh, but all good things must come to an end, even our hopes and dreams of acceptance. So, let's stick with the facts: The Smokey (a pizza) and another pizza we ordered were delivered to our table. I quickly noticed something moving on the arugula on top of the Smokey. I attempted to wave it away, thinking it was a fruit fly. My menacing wave had no impact and then I noticed that in fact there were at least 3 or more bugs moving about the arugula. With furious vengeance, I waved at them again. Nothing. OK, not eating this pizza. So, I called the waiter over and told him that there were bugs on the pizza. Now this is where our story takes an odd turn (really, we probably have all found a bug in our food at some point, so that's not very odd). The waiter responded -- "well, that's what happens when you don't use pesticides and the food is organic." He then called over another waiter and told her that there were bugs on our pizza. She inspected and concluded that it was so, whereupon she asked: "would you like something different?" OK. Part of me was expecting the camera crew to emerge, but alas, Candid Camera has long since gone away and instead we were having a great moment in Phoenix restaurant service history. Really, "do we want something different?" No no, now that we know that the bugs are organic, we will eat that pizza, and heck, order us another with extra bugs. And come on..."it's organic"...that's your response? -- I have organic vegetables delivered to me twice a month and I have never had any bugs (granted I do wash my produce). Also, my parents had a large garden when I was younger, no pesticides, and often there were bugs on the vegetables. But, and apparently this is a strange concept, we WASHED them off before eating or serving or storing. I understand, bugs happen. What I don't understand is the response we received. We truly felt like we were being odd for sending back the pizza. I know that the service level in Phoenix often hovers around a 3 to 4 out of 10, but really, this was a new low. I wasn't expecting the owner to come on out on his or her knees, but I did expect something along the lines of: Oh, I'm very sorry, let me take that away and get you a menu so you can select something else. Sure, eventually there was a rather late "sorry" and an offer of a free dessert, but it was a little late for that. On the upside it made for great humor. When the waiter asked us if we had been there before I was half expecting, if we had both said no, she would have said, well that pizza always has bugs on it. And when she asked if we needed help picking something out, I really wanted to say: yes, something without bugs. Unfortunately, I kept the joke to myself. The pizza we did eat was OK. The crust lacked flavor and overall it wasn't on par with the likes of Cibo, Humble Pie, or Bianco.I could get over the bugs, but I have a very hard time swallowing such terrible service. ...wait, maybe there is a camera on me right now as I write this and Candid Camera really has come back...that's the best explanation I have.
5	The Parlor is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix. At a price point comparable to TGI Fridays.. You get modern sleek surroundings, good service, and dishes that range from very good to stellar. The Parlor sausage pizza is ridonculous! (YES I SAID RIDONCULOUS) It is on par with the wize guy at Biancos imo, But here is why they are one of the best restaurants in Phoenix.. Some nights now during the summer they are offering reserve wines at 15 bucks a glass, that then unlock a 15 dollar special main course. We had a phenominal melbac, and a duck tartee that was probably one of the top 5 dishes I have ever had in Phoenix. It was foodie, complex, rich... Oh yah, it was 15 bucks.. I have had 40 dollar entrees that could not touch this dish.. Yes.. I did just have an orgasm, thank you for acknowledging..Parlor hits all points.. food, atmosphere, and service.. Thanks Parlor
5	I went here lastnight for dinner and LOVED,LOVED,LOVED it!  I had a burger and It was to die for. I loved the atmosphere and they made my Martini just perfect.  I have been to many places here in the Valey and this is my favorite! I am orginally from the East Coast and have eaten in some of the best reasturants and I was very pleased. I can't wait to go again next week. I will be a regular here!
5	We had dinner last night at the Parlor for the 3rd time its a great place. I just cant make up my mind which place I like more Parlor or Cibo's? I love them both but for different reasons. I can walk to Cibos and that's a plus. Parlor doesn't have a long wait and they have a lot more seating inside. Both have great energy and the atmosphere is unique and very pleasant. However, I think the pizza at parlor lets you have the option of making it your own way from the size to the different kinds of meats, cheeses, toppings and even some spices to choose from. The service was Friendly and knowledgeable. This review is meant for Parlor but I can't knock one over the other. I'm sure you can add and subtract from the dishes at Cibo's too. Parlor is newer and you should check it out. They both are very delicious.JT
5	I loved the place. The atmosphere was great. The staff is friendly. The pizza was great. It can get a little pricey when you order your own pizza and start adding things to it but its well worth it.I can also say that I ordered a drink at the bar and it was a nice drink. Alot of times I go to restaurants and I hate to order drinks as they are expensive with little alcohol.
5	Some of the best Pizza in AZ. I ordered the Funghi Pizza, and now it's all I can think about. "I wish I could quit you", Funghi Pizza..but I can't. Yum.. and 2.50 PBR! Effin A mane.. The architecture was tits..Our waiter was friendly, and made great recommendations. (see above) The price was right. Parking was abundant. I will be back to try more. You need to check this place out.. Btw., my friend got a pizza with sausage, and radicchio on it. His was ok. Go with a friend or 2 so that you can try more than one type of pie.
4	Had an AWESOME lunch at this unassuming little gem hidden on the north side of Camelback.  GREAT pizza and sandwiches.  The beer selection looked totally legit, will have to make an evening visit soon!
2	It's no Cibo or Bianco. Kind of boring and unoriginal menu. Lacks interest for me. Been in twice now and the wait staff has been cold and unfriendly.
4	Great food! Really good ambiance. The hostesses are always dressed very stylishly. I love that they change the menu seasonally. My favorite item on the menu is the zeppole. The Parlor serves it with a fleur-de-sel caramel sauce. Its amazing! I could eat the sauce alone. All in all The Parlor is a fun place to go. I love taking people for their first time. Everyone is always impressed. I recently became a fan of The Parlors on Facebook and I get updates all the time with different specials and incentives. So if you aren't a fan yet, i recommend you become one.
4	It's been a while since my palate was fully stimulated. The ambiance - great. The service - great. The Chef's (Logan) attention to detail, attentiveness, and hospitality was as good as it gets. The company I was with - as good as it gets. The food - was pretty damn delicious!1. We had a tasting of many dishes that started off with an amuse of a smoky cured piggy cut  wrapped fig. 2. Breaded risotto spheres with fontina, a hint of saffron that pleasantly lingered and melded into the deeply flavored tomato sauce. 3. Beet salad that was as texturally entertaining as the flavors. What I liked most about this was the hidden pockets of fatty avocado that when you found one sparked a whole different experience in your mouth. I would have liked to see the nut crusted goat cheese round cared for as much as the other components. It was left to the side and begged for attention. 4. A pasta, not sure what they called it, but it looked like spatzle and had a light mouthfeel similar to a proper gnocchi. This dish was completely entertaining. There was a lot of thought that went into this dish. I'm not sure what the menu name is but look for the pasta dish with fennel, bitter greens, acid, savory artichokes, briny olives - it was 5 taste delicious.  5. Finally we had the Marg pizza and the shroom pizza. Both was delicious. The marg had beautiful red and yellow tomatoes and fresh basil. The Shroom was RICH and went perfectly with the bright marg pizza. The crust for me was a little too chewy and heavy but it's perfect for people who like a crust that is in between thin and thick. The profiles of every dish was carefully thought for. The chefs put together dishes using techniques that allowed each ingredient to shine on it's own and at the same work harmoniously with others to make up really good dishes. This was a great experience for me.
5	You have to try this place! The atmosphere is super cool, but not pretentious, and the service is amazing. Most of all, the pizzas are creative, fresh and delicious.  They also have an interesing (but expensive) cocktail list that I will try out next time I go.The server we had knew so much about the food and was very passionate about the ingredients. He even recommended different combinations we should try and was honest about what ingredients we probably should not combine (on a build your own pizza). The sweet corn pizza (sounds weird) was one of the most interesting things I have ever tasted. It was my favorite. I give it an A. We also got the mushroom pizza with truffle oil (solid B+) and a build your own pizza with shrimp, speck, Gorgonzola ricotta and maybe some other things that I can't remember but it was delicious. The prcies are not too bad especially considering the atmosphere, with a small gourmet pizza (enough to feed one person and leave you full) for around $10.I really can't wait to go back and try more of the food. Next time I will plan to stay longer and enjoy the great atmosphere over cocktails!
5	Good gawd I've been waiting for a delightful place that will tantalize my senses and bring total gratification to my palate in a single meal! If you could see me in person you'd know I am an utter and complete foodie--I KNOW good food and The Parlor is off the charts! The interior design is somewhat modernist but warm and inviting. The atmosphere lends itself to be a great place for friends and family to congregate and enjoy a great meal together.  We sat at the Pizza counter in incredibly comfortable stools that beckon you to kick back and enjoy the views! The chefs work with creative precision as pizza after pizza goes in and comes out of the wood-fired oven with ease. It's apparent that these guys really enjoy what they do--each pizza is made with loooove as they top them with various nuts, herbs, cheeses and oils before sending them out to the restaurant floor to be devoured. With all there is on the menu to choose from; we stuck to a few salads (Heirloom Tomato & Artichoke Summer Squash--Both delightfully delicious! :-) and shared a mouth-watering Aged Cheddar burger that was epic! I am nuts over a burger that's juicy-drippy-cheesy goodness and this by far delivers! I tossed the bun aside and had it with just the fresh baby greens salad--it was to die for! Then we were on to dessert--when one of the Chef's was out and about--stopped in to say hello and give us the rundown of what we could choose from. We went with the Chocolate Cake--and here's when you know you've got something good--time stood still as I moaned as I swallowed every bite of that incredibly moist, not-to-sweet scrumptious delight as it hit my tongue. I have died and gone to heaven--there is no cake (and I KNOW cake!) in this town that is as good (well at least that I've found) as this Chocolate Cake from The Parlor. If you haven't had it yet--let me tell you--they use only the best ingredients; their own house-made sour cream and Italian imported cherries--dark delicious cocoa powder--and even a little balsamic vinegar to enhance the flavor and assist in maintaining moisture! This cake melts in your mouth--better than butter! You get the picture! To top it all off, one of the proprietor's (son--didn't catch his name--many apologies) had noticed that we were tuned into watching the kitchen action as if we were watching Iron Chef. He came over and intro'd himself and chatted with us about his vision and why he wanted to build a great restaurant. Niice. He's doing something right and you can see that just by looking around at the happy smiling faces that fill each and every table! I could go on and on... but should stop for now.  If you couldn't tell--this is my new favorite place. Stop in and let me know if your visit is just as great as ours--I can't wait to hear about it! Ciao! :-)
5	We had a group of 8.  We were sat quickly.. SWEET!  The ambiance very west elm, loved it. The service was great and very attentive, my drink was refilled without ask.  And one time, I did not even know it was refilled...  Ninja waiters?   We order the meat and cheese appetizer... YUM!  I ordered the pepperoni pizza...  Thin crust, cheese is just right amount, not cheap on the pepperoni, and the basil was fresh...  Need to drag my foodies girls to this place...
4	Yes this place is good!It has a great menu with new age ideas. It uses organic stuff and local ingredients. The sausage they use is very good.I feel however that this place is slightly overrated as it is very hard to get a parking spot and table. I guess I just don't like being around a crowd much. Anyway my understanding is that the guy who runs this place is a nephew to the previous owners of Nello'sI would go back but this is more of a special occasion place for me simply because of the difficulty getting seated.
3	The parlor looks amazing, really I uploaded a photo background worthy so decor is top notch, and the quality of the food is really good not to leave out the service which was fine, but . . . No matter how nice a place looks and how good the components are if not put together right it won't work.  The flavor was ok and that was the problem for me the pizza was priced right, made with quality ingredients in a very cool setting but it didnt satisfy.  I hope they rework their recipes to add more flavor because I love this atmosphere and the pizza was quality but missing enough flavor to keep me from coming back.  I haven't been to many places where the food wasnt great when the ingredients were so  I'm sure some little tweaks will get me to add a star or two :)
4	A creative look at gourmet pizzas.  The menu is creative and the fact that you can build your own with 20+ possible toppings makes the possibilities endless.  The cheese and meat plate makes a great starter, and the decor is sleek and fresh that draws a cool hip crowd.
3	The Parlor is a very cool place, good food...but nothing earth shattering in my opinion.The style is very modern and sleek...I love the open-ness of the room, nice little herb garden as you walk in.The food is solid - the soup was a potato/sausage when we were there, made with a veg stock rather than a cream base, which made the soup a perfect accompaniment rather than an overbearing, heavy soup.  It was delicious and still fairly light.  We had the spicy bbq chicken pizza, which was nothing like a CPK BBQ chicken pizza - it was great.  The sauce is not over-done and is quite light in comparison.  The spice comes from the peppers that are sliced up as a topping - really pretty light on the spice (I could've used more, but this was probably an appropriate for most people Level of spice).  Overall, service was good, food was good, decor was good...for some reason, I just didn't love it.
4	My wife and I enjoyed the 12 inch sausage and grilled vegetable pizza (grilled vegetables is definitely out of my comfort zone). The pizza tasted great, we spent $18 on this medium pizza, a little bit pricy in my opinion. They do have creative pizza selections, and cater to the wine drinkers as evident by their large wine selection and display of wine bottles in the dinning room. I would describe the Parlor as an upscale grownup retreat with a sophisticated vibe (I wouldn't bring small children here) but parking must be challenging on the weekend. The parking lot was packed on a Tuesday night when I dinned there.
3	This place is just ok.  It was raved about to me before I went there so I had high expectations.  Likes: really fresh ingredients (they picks herbs from their own garden for your pizza), great atmosphere, we had a good server- My pizza came out wrong and he was amazing about making up for it.  He brought us a complimentary dessert and took $6 off which was awesome.  He didn't have to go that far- I'm pretty understanding on mistakes but I'm glad he did.Dislikes: serious lack of cheese on the pizzas- I'm a cheese lover though, I tried the pesto pizza and the BBQ pizza and both really lacked flavor in the sauces.  The BBQ was more like ketchup- I would not consider it ketchup.  Some of the server's outfits were shocking.  One of the girls was wearing a hot pink bandana-ganster style and wearing neon hightop sneakers with cut off shorts- I love hip hop more than most but The Parlor is not the place for it.It was just ok I probably won't return unless it were a group thing.  There's better pizza places.
5	My wife and I had dinner here with another couple.  We all had a great time, and loved our food.  We shared two pizzas, and both were great!!I can't wait to go again, and try other items on the list.  The place has a cool vibe, and great contemporary/modern decor.As you're pulling up to The Parlor, slow down so you don't miss the pull-in for the parking lot.  It comes up on you quickly.
4	The Funghi pizza (with mushrooms and goat cheese) is outstanding.  The warm olives are also great to snack on while waiting for your pizza.  The buffalo chicken pizza was a bit underwhelming, but the Funghi and the other pizzas provide plenty of other strong options.  PBR's available at a good price.
5	Pronounced with your best NY accent... "Tha Pah-lah" I'm a sucker for most things Mid-Century modern... and the Parlor is a damn cool building with great decor.  The beer selection is decent.  Nothing crazy, but some good rotating taps.  Always a good Sierra.  And, i love Red Nectar on tap.  Just a good smooth ale for the summer.  Also a nice rotating wine list, pretty good for a pizza place. Check the chalk board by the bar... whatever is on special is worth trying.  usually something locally grown and seasonal.  Always a good choice!My Top Picks here:Best Pizza: Smokey. Best Salad:  Heirloom TomatoBest Sandwich i've ever had in my life: Duck ClubThats right... i've even been here on several occasions, all by myself, just to pop in after work, sit at the bar and indulge in the Duck Club and a pint after a long day at work.  The duck isnt gamey.  The tomato jam isnt as sweet as i expected.  (Certainly way more savory than the tomato jam that Postino's makes and uses on their bruschetta) the Bacon is thick cut and fantastic. This is, hands down, my favorite sandwich in Phoenix.  Give it a shot!Enjoy!
3	I like The Parlor, but i'm not blown away by the parlor. The building is beautiful and everything I've tried on the menu ( been there 3 times) has been good, but for what it is it's not on my rotation of places I need to go weekly, or even monthly. I love pizza, who really doesn't but in this town there are a lot of options, Biancos, Cibo, Grimaldi's, Grazie, La Grande Orange even Oreganos.  So will I go back, probably, but I'm not a die hard.
5	The staff is friendly, the beer is ample, and the atmosphere is nice and casual.Wait...  Duck pizza?  Yes, it is as awesome as you think it is.  Go order it.
5	Stopped here on our way out of town after a long weekend in PHX.  We could not have been happier.  This place rocks!  Not only is the food great, but we loved their dedication to growing their own fruit, veggies & herbs and sourcing locally.We had the fabulous Insalata to start (love those crispy Chick Peas!) and the Funghi pizza (truffle oil & goat cheese!) as well a Pepperoni one.  All was fantastic. In fact, we took our leftovers home in our cooler safely tucked on ice for the 6+ hour drive home! The remaining pizza slices were devoured the next day.All I can say is that I wish we had one of these in our neighborhood.  Then again, maybe it's better that we don't!!
5	Wood fired Pizzas & Pitchers of Craft Beer.I recently had dinner at the Parlor with a big group of friends before going out to a concert at the Rhythm Room. The Parlor doesn't take reservations, but we were quickly seated at a six top directly across from the wood fired oven. The atmosphere was hip but casual. As a big group, it was easy to share everything from the pizzas to the pitchers of beer. The  favorites were the pitchers of Four Peaks Hop Knot,  and the sweet corn pizza. All the pizzas were a knockout, but it's the sweet corn pizza that keeps me awake at night. I'll absolutely go back to the Parlor.  Cheers.
5	I went here with a friend and i loved it! Friendly staff, great  pizza! The decor of the place is really cool as well. This is a great place to come here with family or friends especially for special occasions.
3	get the iced green tea - apparently it's much popular than their regular tea - it was quite nice, there were several refills to be had through the course of the mealwe ordered 3 of the large pizzas to share between four people, it looks like all of their pizzas are thin crust - yukon gold potato, funghi and the Salsiccia (the sausage one, apparently with Schreiner's sausage which is a local sausage place)potato pizza (2) - it was okay for my first potato pizza - the potato slices it was very thinly sliced and it was more leeky than potato-y which was a little disappointingfunghi (3) - the mushrooms had a very strong taste, but not like a shiitake mushroom, it was a surprisingly nice flavorsalsiccia (3.5) - there was plenty of sausage on these - although the radicchio flavor stood out prominently when i tried my first slice, the second slice had more of the yummy sausage on it and not so much radicchio which i preferred
4	I love this place. The service is usually fast. The pizza tastes so damn good and the atmosphere is fantastic. The drinks are always good with a full bar and the patio is really nice (never had a belligerent smoker to deal with). The prices aren't going to compete with your local pizza parlor (see Raffael's), but you don't feel bad about paying for your food. Definitely check this place out if you haven't been. You won't regret it.
5	The pesto pizza is amazing....:)I've been here twice and have walked out much happier than when I walked in.  Great food and atmosphere. Now, I am not one who normally goes for pizza.  Most days of the week I'd much rather have sushi, a gyro, or jimmy john's (I'm all over the place).  After having the pesto pizza, I could have pizza twice a week, maybe more.Salads are equally fantastic.  The parlor insalata is one of the best salads I've ever had.  I want to try others, but it's just too damn good.Great restaurant for a date or with a group of friends.  I'm moving closer to The Parlor in a few months.....I may be showing up a few days a week now:)
4	I like The Parlor.  This is a really cool building with a history as a beauty parlor.  Now it's frequented by the beautiful people in search of a good meal.This visit we ordered a reasonably priced bottle of Calera Pinot Noir.  On their regular wine list no bottle is over $50 which is nice.For entrees we ordered a Puttanesca seafood pizza and the Pecorino Tagliatelle pasta.  The pizza was cooked perfectly but I wasn't wild about the seafood.  That's my issue because the pizza itself was done very well.I'm looking forward to coming back more frequently.
4	Had lunch here on the recommendation of a client and we were not disappointed. We each had 2 pints of the Arizona peach four peaks beer, at only $3 a piece it was a good and super tasty deal. We shared a bowl of the split pea and it was good not great but good, the insalata salad was fantastic as well as the margarita pizza with fresh heirloom tomato's. service was great and very attentive. Lunch was $50 + but it was really good.
4	My friend and I went to The Parlor for drinks last week.  This is my kind of place!  The ambiance is semi-upscale, but made funky with salon-style chairs at the bar and a comfortable outside patio.  Our bartender, Chris, was friendly and particularly good about refilling water glasses (I know, I notice the smallest things, but that's because so many people would ignore this detail!).  They also serve pizza, and although it's really good, the excessive grease is the only reason I'm not giving it a 5-star review.  Either way, it's a fun venue in a great part of town!
4	Great little place, much nicer than I expected, awesome atmosphere and great food & drinks. Best mojito I've had ever! They pick the herbs from the garden, everything tasted fresh. The steak salad was amazing and the pepperoni pizza was really good too.
4	I liked it yummy
4	So, Ive been drivng by this place for years...and when it came time to decide where to go for dinner...well it slipped my mind. All I can say is it wont slip my mind any longer...It is a very nice spot. Dimmed lighting and great decor. Modern The Food was excellent. We ordered the calamari, a dinner size portion salad and split it, and a pasta dish...everything came out perfect and service was prompt. Very friendly waitstaff.Only negative was the seats...all of us would of had more drinks and stayed longer but they were not too comfortable. Otherwise it was a great dining experience. We will be back...hopefully they get some cushions :-)
5	The Bourb! Another fave: Makers and Amarana cherries. A delicious excuse to spend $10 on a drink! P.S. The chocolate cake is also irresistable. :p
4	Ok so after driving past this place a zillion times, my girlfriend and I went for lunch here before a much needed mani/pedi. The place has a modern look that includes a lot of the original "hair parlor" pieces. I guess the host stand is even made from old wood recycyled from the o.g. buliding. Anyway......we ordered the Parlor Insalata and it was great. It has crispy chickpeas and the smaller size was more than enough for the two of us to eat and have extra. We also ordered a pizza with a mix of toppings and it was great. They would not do a half and half and my friend had to pick some things off so that was the only not so fab part of the food. Service was good. I am def going back in the near future.
4	Who would have thought that roasted olives and corn pizza could be so incredibly tasty?  A super cool converted hair salon that serves up incredible pie with a great staff and cool people.
4	I have enjoyed the Parlor for quite some time now, and I can't believe that i have not written a review yet.  We have always received great service and food here.  My two favorite pizzas are the Salsiccia sausage, featuring Schreiner's local sausage,  and the bbq chicken pizza.  They've also always got a seasonal risotto on menu, which is always cooked PERFECTLY, which is a good sign that someone in the kitchen is on the ball.  Go to the Parlor.  Enjoy.
4	Fantastic Pizza, Great Salads, loved the calamari and shrimp appetizer.  If I'm in the mood for pizza, the Parlor is where I want to go, but not the best place if you have kids in tow... Ya know
5	I absolutely love the homemade pasta here!  My boyfriend had the spicy seafood linguine and I had the pecorino  tagliatelle.  Both to left us with empty plates and the temptation to lick the rest of the sauce off the bowl with our tongues!  I also had the garden mojito, which is probably one of the best mojitos I have ever had.  Not sweet at all, but very refreshing with fresh basil.We waited for a while before anyone came to take our drink orders.  Not too long of a wait, longer than usual, but nothing we were complaining about.  At the end of our meal the server brought us a gift certificate for waiting so long.  I thought this was a great gesture, something I did not see a need for at all.We will definitely be back for more!
4	went for drinks after dinner.  TRES COOL place.  love what they did with the place.  drinks were great, service was too.  the dessert was ok.  will be back to try the pizza on mashed drinks, they looked and smelled relaly good..
4	food looked and smelled great bu we just went for drinks and dessert.  drinks were great and so was the atmosphere.  gelato was really good the choc cake was ok.  must go back for dinner and sit at the dinner bar on the old barber chairs...love that!
1	My goal on Saturday night was to stay home and just relax.  I should have listened to that goal.I have been to the Parlor many times in the past year and always enjoy my food and service. I have to say that my one experience there that I had Saturday night will guarantee that I never step foot in this place ever again.  This isn't something about it being an off night...management proved that they just do not care about their guests.Around 6 o'clock through Twitter the specials came through for the night.  They had listed a Prime Sirloin with a pesto spread and potatoes and broccolini.  Since my friend Jill and I end up sharing almost the same brain, she texted me immediately that we should go there and try it out.  I was game.  I even called over to the Parlor to ask about the special and if there was a wait.15 minutes later, at 7 o'clock, Jill and her boyfriend Tony show up and put their names on the waiting list.  About 10 minutes after I showed up we were seated. We sat down and immediately told the server that we wanted 3 specials.  Tony, the server (not be confused with BF Tony) regrettably told us that they were out of the special after I ordered an Iced Tea. Since Jill has Gluten and Dairy allergies, there wasn't anything else she could eat there.  We asked to speak with the manager before we would make up our minds to just leave.  Server Tony asked me if he should hold off on the tea and I told him yes.  (The iced tea is important to this event)The manager (who I believe her name was Monica...not 100% sure) came up and acted very defensively about running out of the special...even before we had the opportunity to explain our situation.  Jill said that I even called before to make sure about the special and there wasn't anything else she could eat.  Manager excused herself, came back, and stated that they could use a flank steak instead.  We asked what the price would be for that and she said the same price.  For a FLANK STEAK?  That isn't even close to the quality of a Prime Sirloin!  Manager Monica (?) said that she would comp us either drinks or dessert.  We decided to stay...silly people we were.Server Tony came back, with my iced tea...though I never told him that I wanted it again.  He asked if everything was taken care of.  We said yes and that the manager said that she would comp drinks...so we all ordered glasses of wine.  Tony leaves and then comes back to tell us that Manager Monica told him that she would comp us desserts and $2 off our entree.  Since Jill can't eat the dessert and that wasn't what was discussed, we asked for the manager again.Enter Eric.  I have to say that I never met a bigger jackass in my life.  He comes up to us and says "My name is Eric and the Parlor is considered my place.  As we make specials, you have to understand that it isn't an exact science.  Sometimes we run out of things."  Fine we get that.  I told him that the not having a special is now a moot point since his manager offered us something that she is now reneging on. He faces me and says "Have you ever worked in a high stressed environment before?  Sometimes we say things that we just think about then."  I told him that "Yes I have worked in a high volume stressed workplace before and as a manager I honor what comes out of my mouth."  I am sorry, but if you can't trust your manager with making decisions in a "high stressed" environment then you need to rethink your staff.  He then back pedaled and said that he would comp the whole bill for us if that is what we wanted.  We told him we weren't looking for a free meal, but ok.  Food came and he left.Well, of course, the flank steak (cooked medium rare) what not up to par and very tough. The broccolini had absolutely no flavor.  The potatoes were great though.  Of course this isn't the end of the story.  The bill came and I am not shitting you....the only thing on the bill was my iced tea.  After all of that, you couldn't comp my iced tea along with everything else? We should have left then, because a few minutes later the server came back and told us that he handed us the wrong bill.  The correct bill was drinks comped, 3 entrees for $12 and still my iced tea.  (Yes this is a big deal to me)  We couldn't believe it.  If a restaurant is not prepared for a special for Saturday night (a high volume day) then you shouldn't even offer a special.  As a friend said to me today, this is a pizza joint and they should just stick to pizza and not offer these other specials just to get us in. Customer service comes a long way especially in our economy.  I will be willing to pay for good food and good service.  The Parlor proved that they have neither.
2	The "valet" in the parking lot was the first tip-off. I thought it would be an isolated part of the experience, but it was not.  I'm all for valet, but when "valet" means moving my car 10 feet next to other cars that self-parked, that's a bit pretentious.So, apparently is the whole restaurant.  Don't get me wrong... not pretentious in a tuxedo-wearing-waiter sort of way.  No, this is Arizona pretentious... overpriced dishes, mediocre quality, smallish portions, and staff that can't wait to jump out of their shells to tell you how their food is "made with love" and every other BS line they have.  When the owner came by the say hello, he started with "hey, man, I'm Erik and this is my place". "My place"? What, is this his living room?  If I'm buying a $19 salad with chicken, I don't want to be called "man" and greeted by shaky-wristed guys wearing graphic T-shirts delivering my salad ("you did order the salad, right sir?", before setting it down).If you like the Vig or any of the other pseudo-pretentious "hot spots" that populate Phoenix these days, maybe this is your place.  The atmosphere is nice from a decor standpoint, although I know that anyplace decorated that way is d-bag central.  I'm all for nice service but not fake nice.  Read my other reviews and you'll see I'm not into "the scene".  My psychoanalysis on The Parlor, other than the food is very average and even a bit bland, is that it's the place soulless people go to convince themselves they're not soulless because they had a conversation with their waiter about hair pom and told the lifeless, dull-as-dishwater hostess they bought their girlfriend the same pair of jeans.  For $19, I'll get a salad at the Phoenician and actually have a conversation with the young server about world travels.  If The Parlor didn't have seven waiters all serving you different parts of your dinner so that you could have such a conversation, I doubt the paper-thin likability would last long.
5	Love. The building is great, minimal but in a comfy way and not overdone in an austere fussy kinda way. Nice outdoor seating with a yummay fireplace...Like it here, did I mention that?? Service was attentive and friendly. I ordered the duck club and for a side told the waiter to surprise me. He brought me delicious french fries with light parmesan cheese and parsley and were to die for. The sandwich was similarly deiish. Duck breast with a sweet, smoky tomato sauce and some applewood smoked bacon that were sandwiched between a soft, challah type roll that was a perfect foil for what was in the middle; light and lucious and not too much bread. It's in my work 'hood but not my neighborhood, even so, made an immediate report to the lovely: must go!!
4	Ok, the Funghi mushroom pizza = amazing!  5 stars for that!  I love food that makes me say aloud "mmmmmmm..."4.5 stars for the bruxelles (brussels sprouts) - so yummy3 stars for the Margherita - I've had better at Cibo & Bianco3.5 stars for the papardelle bolognese - had better4.5 stars for the zepolle (fritters) - the perfect fall dessert!2 stars for the torta dessert - not that goodAmbience and service are great.  Overall lovely dining experience, I don't think anyone would be disappointed with the Parlor, and I will definitely be back for another Funghi!
3	Went in on with idea of eating someplace we'd never been before but have always been curious about.  Starting with the location, excellent spot, very centric and near everything in central Phoenix.  The facade with the star wall is excellent marketing and identity management technique since they also use it as a brand stamp throughout, also really cool looking.  Entry is cute with the little organic veggie gardens growing.  Inside is cute although the chairs in the main tabled dining area were rather uncomfortable.  Waiter was good, and a great atmosphere, pretty people, a good place to go on a date.  Now the good stuff.  We tried two pizzas 12 in.  The marguerita was delicious n very stretch melty cheese, fresh basil and warm juicy tomatoes on the crispy clean dough was excellent.  Tried the Funghi pizza and was VERY delicious!  The special and delicate flavors of the wild mushroom and truffle oil came out nicely and were the centerpiece of the pizza.  They are a bit pricey, and honestly considered going to oreganos down the road for bigger bang for the buck, but stayed to humor our craving for  some high priced gourmet pizza.  Beats Picassoz blandness any day.  Definitely recommend it for going on a date, or hanging out with a pretty, cool friend.  :)
2	Good thing this place has a lot of good reviews or I would never go back.  Since I worked in the Biz  and I am a forgiving person when I think a place may have had an off night. I promise to try it again and repost another review.(  But don't let me down when I go back! Ok Parlor? ) The food was not good at all. In fact it should never have left the kitchen. Long story but the chef  was very negligent with our meal and should have never served the food he or she did. My very upset friend won't return. I had the pizza which was bland and flavorless. The crust was good but I am at a loss why people think this is the best pizza in town. It wasn't bad per say, just not great.I am coming to the realization that no pizza here will ever live up to a true NY pizza slice. I am just picky in that regards and am finding I am not a lover of the real Italian/woodfire/whatever way of making pizza nowadays, despite the authenticity. I just long for a slice of Pizza that reminds me of my roots. The only thing that saved the day here is the service, which was outstanding!  They did everything right. Even the waiter seemed displeased with the chef's error. The manager and server were  great and i notice those things. The restaurant is also very pretty and we had no wait time when we went. ( So go before 6ish on a Saturday. It got packed shortly after) On a key note the french pressed coffee and Tiramusu are great here! They have these Hazelnut chip pieces on top that were scrumptious!  This might be a new, great dessert place for me, if the food doesn't please me on the next visit. Ok Parlor, until  next time!
4	I'm a sucker for places that re-use modernist architecture I remember from my youth (see The Vig, etc). This place used to be the delightfully tacky yet unrefined Salon De Venus beauty parlor. Now it's a different sort of parlor. A pizza parlor. Get it? Good. Check out the naked lady wallpaper in the bathrooms.I hear it's owned by the same people who brought us Nello's. Not a bad association at all.I am probably biased by the fact that it's within stumbling distance from me, but this is one of my favorite happy hour and lunch spots in Phoenix. Everything I've tried on the menu has been impressive. Of course, because I myself am tacky-yet-unrefined my choices only have gone as far as pizzas, but pizza in itself can obviously pose a great challenge.Go and enjoy.
4	Delicious Pizza.  I love the starters, the aroncino (rice balls with mozzarella and tomato sauce) are enough to make me swoon.  I love the interier design of this place.  It is genearally super busy and if you haven't been there before it's easy to miss from the street.  The salads are big enough to share and it makes grabbing a pizza a fun experience.  (without the wait of other ahem...pizza places)
4	Fabulous menu! Tons of parking. Casual, cool, non snotty vibe.  Good service.  Interesting dessert menu...  Try the butternut fritters - they come with 2 sauces.  One is a tart cranberry and the other a sweet ricotta.
4	I walked in to the hipster vibe. I liked it. Very modern. The pizza was good, nice wine list. In all I'd say I'd take a lunch date there.
3	Went to The Parlor while visiting AZ over the holidays. Overall, it had a nice look. I enjoyed the old pictures from when the building was a salon. We loved the homemade pasta. My table shared the pappardelle bolognese and actually ended up ordering another portion. I recommend the roasted brussels sprouts - something tells me they have a ton of butter in them, but that is probably why they were so tasty. Unfortunately, no one at the table liked the pizza. We ordered the margherita. The tomatoes were tasteless and the house made mozzarella was so so. The crust was burned on the edges and soggy in the middle. We ended up ordering a side of tomato sauce to help give the pizza more flavor. We would go back for the fresh pasta but most likely skip the pizza.
5	The Parlor takes me to a happy place, my own little slice of heaven where roasted olives flow freely and the beer is cold and delicious.I first tried The Parlor last week for lunch.  The building is clean and has a very nice feel to it.  I sat at the bar, ordered a drink and perused the menu.  I was floored by how tasty everything sounded.  Really, I mean every last item on the menu is something I need to try.  Well done Parlor, well done.I ordered up some roasted Queen Creek olives and a small Porchetta pizza.Lets talk about olives for a moment.  I love olives of all shapes and sizes.  One of the great things about Phoenix is that the majority of restaurants I've tried have olives as an appetizer.  These roasted olives would make angels weep tears of joy.  Roasted lightly with garlic, spices and citrus peel the flavor is fantastic.  I had to fight the urge to order another round.The Porchetta pizza was great too.  The pork was perfectly cooked, tender and chock full of piggy flavor.  All the toppings blended well.  This is what lunch should be.So impressed was I that I decided to bring a friend to The Parlor the very next day.  As luck would have it they had a special three course menu for New Year's Eve.  I won't go into food porn details but suffice to say we were both very pleased.  Service was impeccable.I'm already planning the third trip back this weekend since my parents are coming into town.  The duck club sandwich is next on my hit list of joy.Three visits in just over a week?  This place deserves five stars and a big hug.
5	First of all this place is genious - a beauty parlor turned restuarant and the beauty chairs are the bar stools - cant but love it - food was great and service impecable -
2	I will give them one more star...I actually dared to go back with my friend Jen a couple of weeks ago.My luck: I got the same waiter.  My hair looked completely different, so you should have seen my shock that he actually remembered me. (And made a joke about giving me the correct check this time)The one more star is for Tony the Waiter for being super cool....and not poisoning me.
4	An uptown pizzeria with delicious food and great atmosphere. The Parlor is more urban feeling than their downtown cousins though achieves a more family style friendly atmosphere. We enjoy their menu salads and pizzas but always order our own custom concoction as well as a selection of meats and cheeses from their create your own menu.
5	If you have lived in Phoenix you might remember the Venus Salon just west of 20th Street along Camelback. Well now there is this great little restaurant called the Parlor.  Arie Mei son of the old line Nello's pizza family best know in Tempe has taken on this venture with a twist. Fresh farm raised and home made ingredients.  With parking in the lot behind you have a choice of either sitting inside at the bar with the salons original chairs or outside near a wood fired chimnea. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable.  I came there with friends and order a salade and make it the way you want it pizza.  They  are reasonable priced. Crust was crisp and with flavor. We orde the fresh mozarella, basil and oregano with home made red tomatoe sauce.   Teas was the beverage for lunch. The menu is the same for dinner.  You might change up you choices from the LGO and it's long line for this gem.  I look forward to another trip to try there homemade pasta and other dishes.
5	I fucking love "The Parlor".  Love it.   What ever Joe Pesci wiss sack decided ta toss fresh herbs and  prosciutto onta cracker thin crust with  fresh motz is a credit to the race we callz peoples.  God damn, my taste buds were smoking... in a good way...like a 'after wild monkey sex' kinda smoking.   And holy fo-shizzle, try their zepolle with salted caramel sauce.  I think I need new underroos.  Don't forget to get meat. And Cheese. Together. Before or after your orgasmic pizza adventure.   Wine list ain't too shabby neither. I love you Parlor.  Right here, in my arteries. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
5	The pies are really good and the staff (at least my experience) was excellent. My friends and I have this dinner club; we try to get out and try new spots every Tuesday. We arrived with about 10 people. We didn't wait long for seats, our food came out fairly quickly, the server was personable (always a good thing!) and had great suggestions. We were taken very good care of.The design of The Parlor was very attractive. The low lighting and booths seemed like it would be a great place for a more intimate night. I can't remember all the pies we had, but the most memorable was the Yukon Gold Potato with and egg on top. It was surprisingly good. I've had better pies, but this place is excellent in my opinion. 5 stars for superb food and service.
4	Yeah, it took me this long to get to The Parlor.  I can walk to it.  All my friends have gone a gazillion times.  Whatever, I'm busy.There was a group of 8 with a crapload of kids in front of us, waiting for the rest of their party to arrive.  I let the hostess know that I'd sit anywhere...except nowhere near them.  Ha!  She put us on the patio.I love patio heaters.  They are necessary in the winters here and the patio was really cozy and warm.  Not overbearing, juuuuuuuust right.I had a pasta dish with seafood and a spicy red sauce.  I like that the meals come in two sizes, as leftovers don't work very well with shrimp.  It gets rubbery.  Blech.  It will rot in my fridge next to the broccoli.  The service was spot-on, as I never had to ask for a refill on my drink.  Really nice guy.  Cute, too.The prices were great, even though I didn't have to pay.  I love valet service, too.  Didn't have to pay for that, either.
5	One of my favorites (I just wish it were slightly less busy).  Beautiful environment, professional staff, great food.  What more is there to say?
5	My favorite restaurant. Never disappointed.
3	So Sweet Pea and I finally got to The Parlor after hearing from everyone how great it is. We were immediately charmed by the atmosphere. It was crowded and buzzy, with a vintage modern yet warm feel. We parked it at the bar to wait the 45 minutes for our table. I tried a St. James, which I thought was delicious: citron vodka, elderflower (whatever that is) and prosecco with a twist served in a martini glass. It was tart and cold and wonderful, just what I was in the mood for. Sweet Pea wasn't thrilled with his mojito. Being a mojito connoisseur, he felt like this was just eh.  He enjoyed his next drink, the peppered pear, with pear vodka and black pepper, much better.  Time went quickly, and soon we were seated outside on a crowded yet quaint patio with lots of heaters and a fireplace.  It was warm enough for even me, who is cold when it gets below 80 degrees.As we sat down and looked over the delicious-sounding menu, I remarked that if the food was as good as the atmosphere, this may become my new favorite place.  Sweet Pea agreed.  Unfortunatlely, it was not to be.  I started off with the butternut squash appetizer, which was just OK.  Sweet Pea seemed to enjoy his meat and cheese plate more, although we both agreed that whatever that was that they were calling gorgonzola was the blandest cheese we've ever had.  And I'm not a fan of the blue.  The pesto that came with it was very delicious.  On to the pizzas- I had the funghi which was lots of mushrooms with goat cheese, and he had the sausage.  And...it was not that great.  We finished off with the chocolate cake, which I'd seen yelped as amazing, and it was not anything special.  Worse that that, it wasn't even really tasty, and it was dry.We'll go back and try the pasta; maybe it will become our new go-to pasta place now that Pastabar has closed.  But we're sticking with Cibo for the pizza.
5	I love this place. It's fresh, it's innovative and bold. They have daily specials that are always interesting. The bartenders rock! Burgers are to die for, better than anything around. It's not your basic "cookie-cutter" place so if you're looking for creative and flavor-packed, this place will curl your toes.
4	Too cool for school! You wouldn't know it from the street, but there's a really sleek restaurant inside that adds another respectability notch to this town for me. Dark but cozy in a modern way. The food was good as well. We shared the large bolognese and a sausage/sage pizza. It was just right to fill us up. The menu looked so good, I remember as I was reading thinking to myself, I sure hope the food's as good as the decor so I can come back and try everything on this menu.
5	This place is fantastic.  The drink were made with real fruit and squeezed when we made them.Dinner at 10:45 on a Saturday night, not at all crowded.The pizza was burned but it tasted great.Had a spicy cocktail with Serrano chili pepper infused tequila!  Wow.  The price was $30 for two drinks and a pizza for two
5	Love this place.  Casual, good food, fun, nice crowd, not too small but not too big.Went there two time in a week and was not disappointed.  The staff is great and the food is too.  Will definately go back!
5	I've been to the Parlor every damn Saturday this year (well, except for when I'm not in town) and I have yet to be disappointed.  I'm slowly working my way through the entire menu.Every week I try something different, although there are two constants; The roasted Queen Creek Olives appetizer and the Torta dessert.  Every week I leave pleased.I've taken my parents/siblings/friends to The Parlor and they've all been blown away by the food and atmosphere.So yeah,  I love The Parlor and I'll be happy once I've worked my way through the whole menu.
5	Risotto.. nuff said..
4	Yum. Most times, I've been able to get a spot to park and sit fairly easily. The food is excellent. Sometimes it is a little too loud for my liking. #Phoenix
4	I've been twice now. When it first opened and then went a long time before going back.  I was impressed both times.They're busy but not too busy that you can't get a table. This las time was for lunch. We sat outside by the fireplace. That made for nice ambiance cause it was a bit nippy outside. The server was pleasant and attentive. The food was so, so good. We had 2 cheeses for an appetizer and split a large salad. It was plenty of food for 2 and only spen $20.00.The salad was not just "a salad". It was special :) Roasted sweetened pecans, chicken, PEARS!!! It was delish.
4	Parlor has become one of my favorites to get pizza. While the dough may not be quite as amazing as at Pizzeria Bianco's it is a close second, and the fact that you do not have to wait 3-4 hours for a table more than makes up for this. Whenever we go we make a point to order the Funghi pizza, which never fails to be a favorite among all the people we introduce to the place either. I have also had several of their soups du jour and have never been disappointed. The ambiance is nice - I hear that much of the wood has been reclaimed from the beauty parlor days and that is just plain cool.
4	My guy and I went last night, on a Wednesday, and it was packed - we still had a 15-20minute wait. Well worth it, BTW. It is a cute little place and like most places in the area the parking lot is TINY; practically minuscule so you have to get their valet or sneakily park next door. Just to let you know --I would not recommend that because I freak out that my car will get towed but ours did not. You run the risk if you try it though. Now for the food. We split two burgers. I had the bleu cheese+bacon w/salad and Mr. had the brie+mushroom w/fries. OMG. I think I may have made an inappropriate face for the dinner table when I took my first bite. It was that delicious. The hamburger is juicy, the lettuce is spring greens (looks like its from the garden -adorables) the bread is perfectly toasted to accommodate the medium rare burger and there was just the right amount of bleu cheese so it wasn't overpowering. French fries were surprisingly delicious - I don't know what seasoning they put on there but I ate more than I normally would in that department. Ambiance: We sat on the patio and it was extremely cute, feels indoor/outdoor which I adore. Another place that I want to steal the decor/design from.
4	I really enjoyed this place. There was a little wait  before getting seated but no big deal. We sat at the bar facing the pizza oven and watched them make pizzas during dinner. The pizza was great. Cant wait to go back.
5	I heart this place.  Always busy; never a line and professional, courteous servers AND hostesses--I would say you rarely get that combination!  I recommend the Brussels spouts and the sausage pizza--you could probably split a pizza between two people but you wouldn't want to.  Like most lunch places on the Camelback/24th Street area it can get busy at noon.  I recommend going around 11:30 to beat the rush.
4	The Parlor is one of my new favorite places to eat.  I've been there a handful of times now and have no complaints to speak of.The pizza are great with unique topping combinations and really good crust.  Their salads are also top notch - the Parlor Insalada is especially diggable.The stone and wood decor creates a great dining environment and the staff is always outgoing and friendly.I'm impressed on every visit.
1	Ok, so a friend went here last week and got a severe case of food poisoning, involving a hospital visit HUH? HMMMM, 0-2 so I think that' s it for me  trying this place again. I will have to take back my original promise to eat here again.  I am at a loss as to why the great reviews.
4	Figured that today I wanted two different kinds of dishes for dinner.  I started out with the pizza, which was a Pesto pizza.  It had a nice crust and breading, toppings were fresh and complimentary to one another.  To complete the night I had the Pappardelle Bolognese.  The thick noodles were good.  Imagine lasagna with less cheese.
5	we just flew in from denver. driving back to the hotel. and said hey that neon pizzeria sign lets go there.. we walked in. and it was full. no waiting but 95 % tables occupied. which is our sign it must be good.. and OMGhey.. it was some of the best pizza i have had.. loved it. and the waiter was awesome too.. he recommended a few breakfast places to go to since i asked him... he also had a cute butt to boot.. i wish i had more than 3 days to stay in phoenix. but will go again next trip for sure
4	Stepping in to The Parlor was a welcomed escape from the madness that is the Camelback Corridor. I don't know exactly what I expected but I was definitely taken by surprise, and in a most positive way! I loved the interior and the crowd seemed to be a potpourri of mostly young twenty-somethings: couples, young parents, and groups of friends. We purposely asked to be seated near other kids or a loud party to drown out the tantrums that would inevitably possess my toddler following the antipasti course. Seeing how we only warranted dirty looks from one couple (and they looked boring and stupid anyhow so who really cares) I would say the seating arrangement wad ideal. The restaurant was packed but there wasn't really a wait and it never effected the quality of the service, and I have to say the food was pretty tasty! It seemed mildly pricey for the portions but the food was definitely good. We had the cauliflower gratinata (needed salt and maybe some gruyere or other melty swiss, the cheddar was more like a beschamel), the roasted beet salad (WINNING!), a pepperoni pizza (a little TOO salty but still delish nonetheless!), and a duck club, which my husband said tasted just like Thanksgiving! Overall, I like the ambiance, I like the service, I like the food, and I would totally come back!
5	Great pizzas, reasonably priced bottles of wine, and a decent ambiance rates this 5 stars for us. We've never sat at the bar. Other tables are smallish and close together, but the overall ambient noise makes it feel more private.The duck pizza was rich--a real treat. Anything with sausage was really flavorful.Being on the older, uncooler side of things, we tend to hit Parlor early in the night, since by 8pm there's a line out the door, and it's populated by the, ahem, "Scottsdale" crowd. Be prepared to valet.
3	My friends like The Parlor more than I do. That's not to say it's sub-par, but rather they gush about it so profusely that there's no way it can live up to the hype. (Note: I talk about expectations a lot because it's half the dining experience.)I've had the pizza and the duck club. Both are very good. The setting is nice and the location is about perfect. I like the patio and bar area more than the main dining room.My reasons for a 3 instead of a 4 or higher? The prices strike me as about 15 percent higher than they should be. And the staff has never blown me away. My last waiter was extremely goofy and unapologetically slow, especially since it wasn't even a capacity crowd.The Parlor is one of those places that I'll continue to visit every now and again because a) The experience will probably never be awful; and b) my friends and family often call the shots.Hence, a solid 3-star rating.
4	Wish we lived a little closer...Really like this place.  Because of the design of the building you can't hear all the traffic out on Camelback, which just adds to the ambiance.  I think it's really neat their herb garden is on premise as well.  My fav is the grilled veggie sandwich with the pesto spread.  This is also a great place to lunch with a friend and split one of their pizzas and a salad.  The service is good too.  It's a little loud and some of their items are a little pricey, but the food always tastes fresh.  Way cool that they kept the old barber chairs and pictures of the building back in the day.  Definitely need to check this place out!
5	I love this place...its a new find for me and it has a really cool atmosphere--I never knew that this place existed until a friend recommended it to me...I love a good pizza and this place is up there as one of my favorite pizzas.  Its a little hip place with lots of personality and with delicious food.  The combinations on the pizzas are very unique and its different from other pizza places.  I would have to select this as a top 5 pizza in my book!! Great wine!  This would be a great place to go with some friends.  I have only gone with my boyfriend!  Great date place too just a little loud.  This place is always busy and crowded so be ready to wait, but its sooooooooooooooo worth it!
5	Tell me when will you be mine - tell me quando quando quando - the pizza "Parlor" is divine - tell me quando quando quando :)  Love the atmosphere and feel here; chill and smooth.  The pizza here is divine; nectar of the gods :)  Perfect to share with good company and perfect for a night of forgetting the worst and bringing out the laughter.  The design and decor is very modern and earthy.  Totally dig the barber's chairs at the pizza bar.  Service was real good and never lacking in any way.  Drinks were full and plates were cleaned --- Indeed they were :) - Enjoy!
5	Awesome!
4	The parlor has good pizza and you know what you get is always consistant. Service is friendly and the patio has a nice feel to it. We like the specialty drinks in the bar area
5	Funghi pizza: Crispy, chewy crust topped with the perfect blend of wild mushrooms!Pesto pizza: deliciously chewy crust with basil pesto sauce and cherry tomatoes, a little too heavy on the cheese for my liking.Margherita pizza: same amazing crust, my only complaint is too much cheese making the pizza very heavy.
5	Food is consistently good with a menu that changes a couple times each year along with daily specials to keep the food interesting.  Service is friendly and efficient, and prices are reasonable.
4	The Parlor is one of my go to favorites when I'm craving pizza, going on a first date or have friends and family in town. I always have a serious conflict between the margarita pizza v. the pesto pizza. They are both sooo good. Lately I've been going for the margarita with a side of marinara side. Usually pair it with caesar salad.
4	I have been here a few times for lunch and have had nothing but good things to say about this place. The ambiance and service are outstanding, they have a diverse menu and a good location. Everything i have orderd here has been great but a few things stand out. The salcissa pizza is delicious as well as the duck club. I still have to get out here for dinner one night to try the pasta a sample a few draft beers out of the impressive selection the offer here.
5	We went here today for a "last day of internship" lunch for one of the girls at work.  The atmosphere is really great and it's really easy to carry conversations.  Two of us ordered salads and two ordered pizzas.  Everything was delicious!!  If I could give a separate 5 star review specifically for the Roasted Banana Zeppole I totally would.  Definitely treat yourself !
4	This is a long overdue re-review:I've been back many times and I am happy to say that they have definitely worked out any of the soggy-limp issues.  Parlor has become one of my favorite restaurants in town.  The service has always been good, the pizza rocks, and the pasta is D-Lish! Try the peperoni with ricotta cheese.  It's my new favorite.Cheers to
4	Extremely nice and courteous servers and hostesses, and awesome food, The Parlor is a true gem :)3 of us ordered a 14" Yukon Gold Potato Pizza which had large pieces of potatoes, pancetta, and gorgonzola cheese. It was super oily, and I kinda wish there were napkins to pat down some of the oil. Nonetheless, it was very tasty, and I'm glad we shared, because I probably would have got sick of eating it after a while. We also got the Duck Club Sandwich - which was amazing. Tender duck is hard to make, and this place does it well. The bbq sauce and crispy bacon was just delightful for the sandwich. The fries on the side were well seasoned, and perfectly crisp.The only bad part of the night were all the Mavericks fans at the restaurant that were cheering after the Lakers lost :(
5	I've tried to pace myself when it comes to bragging up The Parlor, but there have been some tremendous standouts over the last few months that deserve some attention and praise.Several weeks ago, on a date, I had one of the best seafood dishes I've ever eaten.  Wild caught Sturgeon on a bed of cippolini onions, purple fingerling potatoes, fava beans and a watercress puree with some greens on the top.  My date, who doesn't like fish, ended up eating half of the dish!  Truly great.The other standout was the Spring Farro Risotto.  I never thought that risotto could come across as light, but this dish does.  Farro rice, preserved citrus, asparagus and spring peas all come together beautifully.  I had to force myself to stop eating in order to ensure I had leftovers for later.It's pretty obvious that I'm a Parlor fanboy.  I don't feel bad about it though, they had to work pretty darn hard to make me this way.  Keep up the amazing work!
4	The Parlor is as good as all the reviews say it is. I could end right there but I will divulge a bit more. First, I will talk about the atmosphere. It's absolutely adorable and you'd never guess just how adorable from busy Camelback Road. Hidden behind those cement walls lie an enclosed patio with a fresh herb garden and plenty of shaded seating. They also have tables in the doorway so if you are torn between eating inside or outside, there's always the option of halfway in between! Moving on to the food, the pizza literally melts in the mouth. I went to lunch here with fellow yelper Carolyn S who had been here many times before. She went for a pizza and said they were delicious, so I just had to do to the same and I am so happy I did! I got the Funghi pizza which has mushrooms and goat cheese, but I added mozzarella to it for that extra cheesy taste. The pizza crust is soft and crunchy in all the right places. The pizza was heavily topped with mushrooms and the cheeses and had the perfect amount of bite to it with a great taste. I could have finished every last piece but I got about half way there. The cool thing is that they have eight inch pizzas so everyone can order their own pizza which is nice since so many times, people like different pizza toppings. As I was leaving, I noticed a cool bar on the other side of the restaurant and think this would be a great option for some drinks on a night out. I can't wait to come back again!
3	My Dearest Parlor,Here we are a year later, and here I am, disappointed in myself for still lusting after you. And a little awkward that you are still asking our mutual friend to hook us up, when clearly you don't care as much as you say you do.Sure, our visit starts off hot and heavy, and I usually end up leaving on neutral terms, but the next day I always end up wishing it was more, and I am beginning to lose faith. One day you tell me I can order my food without tomatoes and the next day I'm not allowed. Sometimes you forget to bring my wine to my table. Your menu of services usually only offers a couple things tempting enough to try.I will thank you for finally letting me have cake, but you're still a hit and miss lover and I don't know why you toy with me so. But I'm partially to blame for continually falling for your Roger Sterling appeal.
3	Ate here last week and forgot to write a review. I went on a Wednesday during prime lunch hour so the place was busy but no wait. I went with 2 coworkers and we were quickly sat at a table. The waiter was friendly and gave his opinions on what we should get. Two of us got pizza and one of us got a burger. The "Pepperoni" pizza was great, it had two types of meat, jalapenos and had a great crisp to it. The pizza I got looked more like a salad then a pizza but after i removed the 12 pounds of arugula from the top I found my pizza and it was delicious. The burger looked very good, but I didn't try any of it. He did comment that the bun was amazing and felt like it was baked fresh. He mentioned it was one of his top burgers in his mind. So overall the food quality was top class. Why the 3 stars? The value for price. So the pizza you get is about the same size as Pizzeria Bianco and runs about 14$ per pizza. That is a little high if you ask me. I mean the pizza is good, but not godlike. I can get same quality from NYPD or Mama Mia pizza for half the price, or twice as much for about the same price. I cant rate the burger value as I didn't taste it, but I think he said he would have it again. Anyway, I'm not telling people to stay away from this place as the food was very good....just know that you will pay for it through the nose.
5	I love this place. It fits my vibe perfectly. A cool space with a bar and high tops in the front, standard restaurant set up and then a patio with lights and a fireplace. Great ambiance, friendly service, amazing pizza and good beer selection. Even the music they play is good. I highly recommend the Parlor. It's one of the first places I went to eat in Phx.
5	One of my favorite places in town. Bar none. The bar is one of the better ones in town..... fresh herbs getting pulled as you walk in.... and a potato pizza with an egg? (Chef's recommendation, ungodly rad) was the best advice I got in years on a dish! If you haven't been there, save yourself the headache and just go! Also, if you can catch Kris Korf behind the bar on a weekday, get ready for a drink that rivals unicorn blood in greatness!
5	WOW!  What wonderful food and atmosphere.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  My friend and I like to go in early, order 3 small pizzas and take the next two hours enjoying the options we are eating.  The combinations are so unusual and complimenting of each other.  I suggest this restaurant anytime friends are looking for places to eat in the Central Phoenix area.  Great job, Arik, you have done an amazing job!The restaurant has also kept some items from the original establishment.  There is a dryer chair and even a piece of the original wallpaper.
4	This place used to be a beauty parlor, hence the name. I love the atmosphere in this place and the food is so fresh and deeeelish.I tired the Agnolotti pasta special with heirloom tomatoes and squash blossoms. The blossoms were deep fried tempura style, very crispy. The pasta was to die for and the veggies were so fresh and juicy!I cannot recommend the cellos enough. They make lemoncello, orangecello, and blood orangecello. All are excellent and VERY strong. They come in a mini wine glass.
5	Another night at the Parlor in the books.1 primavera mitsi, 1 caponata bruschetta, 2 small pizzas (1 yukon gold & 1 pepperoni), 2 small salads (1 spinach salad & one farm greens); and that concludes another evening in paradise. The Parlor is by far my favorite spot in the Phoenix/Arcadia area. If you haven't been there yet than you'd better get sum!
4	So after months of hearing rave reviews (some on Yelp!), I finally got the chance to devour all the delicious food here. We started with the calamari and rock shrimp appetizer. So good, and tender. Perfectly crispy with a light coating. We had the fried mozzarella salad, basically a great salad with a giant mozzarella ball that was deep fried sitting in the middle of a bed of lettuce. How can that not be good? For entrees we had the yukon potato pizza, burger and pesto pasta. Yum. The pizza was light, great crust, but probably could have used a bit more sauce. The pesto pasta was delicious, with these roasted tomatoes that were to die for. The portion was a bit small, so I'd order it if I wasn't too hungry. And the best was the Gorgonzola burger with these perfectly seasoned fries. Juicy, rich, and mouth-watery good. We couldn't leave without getting some dessert. We had a the Italian chocolate cake (with cherries), and banana fritters. The banana fritters were my favorite--they were like little balls of banana cake fried to perfection. They came with two dipping sauces that were heavenly. I'd definitely go back to the Parlor and will be trying more goodies!
4	I went to The Parlor on Saturday for dinner.  The atmosphere was very modern and clean.  They have really nice floors and interior.  The restaurant was packed and I had a large party of people without a reservation, so we ate at the bar area, but it was nice there, too.  The staff were hipster and very nice. We ordered the bruschetta, angello, funghi, and spicy barbecue chicken pizza.  The bruchetta had eggplant on it and I loved it! It had a lot of balsamic vinegar on it and it was full of flavor.  All the pizzas were good, but my favorite was the funghi, mushroom pizza.  There were several kinds of mushrooms on it, so it was very fragrant and definitely not your average mushroom pizza.  It was my friend's birthday, so she got a free dessert and a birthday discount! I would definitely go again, but will make reservation since it's such a popular restaurant!
3	This place is fine, acceptable, and slightly above mediocre.  I enjoyed the ambiance... though not "parlor" like at all.  With a name like "The Parlor" I was expecting a dimly lit, carpeted establishment with red and white checkered plastic table cloths and shakers filled clumpy parmesan cheese  on the tables.  This place is infinitely too hip for such nonsense.  Open, airy, brightly lit, and with minimalist modern decor, this place was a far cry from the pizza parlors of my youth-- which isn't a bad thing at all. Our server was pretty average- friendly when he was at the table, but scarcely so.  It took an inordinate amount of time to get our check after requesting it-- a true pet peeve of mine. The food was fine.  Good, not great. We ordered the cheese platter and it was pretty standard.  Just decent cheese with the usual accouterments. And the pizza too was good, but not memorable.    Despite being oven-fired, the crust was pretty standard, even a bit soggy.  They do have a nice, diverse cocktail menu with many unlikely but surprisingly tempting options-- but they come at a steep price tag ($9 or $10 apiece) and are not included in their happy hour specials. With places with Cibo and Pomo Pizzaria around, unless this place is nearby (it was) and you're starving (we were), I'd opt for a pizza place with fresher tasting pizza sauce and crispier and chewier oven-fired crust.
4	Great pizza, and excellent wine!  They  had T-Vine which I love. Pizza's were very good as well, I love that you can custom make your own pizza. I'll definitely be back.
4	This place is great! Ate here on a Wednesday at 12:30. The place was packed. The restaurant has modern decor. Very clean, light and bright. The food was amazing!  I had the heirloom tomato salad and spicy barbeque chicken pizza. They make there own dough which is fabulously sweet. The salad was delicious but a bit warm. The pizza was perfect. Just enough spice and sweet to keep you eating the entire pie! The price was a bit high, but I will defiately eat there again.
3	It took 3 times to get there.  Check the hours before you go.   We arrived 30min before closing one night, and were somewhat discouraged from sitting down.Finally made  it back for lunch, and the salads were pretty good.Moderately priced.
4	Definitely enjoy the few pizzas I have tried. I wish I could remember all the ingredients but the mushroom pizza, the prosciutto pizza are my fave. The only one I didn't like was the shredded pork Mexican ish pizza. A little too salty not enough flavor. Salads are great size portions even on the smalls. The antipasti menu has a great mix and is also reasonably priced. Good wine and beer selection as well. Specialy mixed drinks are all creative but nothing I was sold on that I wanted to order again and again. Great experience every time. No complaints.
4	One of my favorite pizza places. They easily accommodate larger groups. They have a small garden on their patio where they get some of their veggies. Always fresh and seasonal food.
4	Tried this place last weekend.Good italian food.  Fresh and tasty.  Had a pizza and some fresh pasta.  The octopus was also very good.  Service was a little slow but they were very very busy--so overall it was a good experience and I will go back
5	The fact that Nick remembered my name and what I ordered only reinforced my decision to have dinner here tonight. The duck club is the best damn sandwich in town. A+ as usual!!!!
5	Great food guys keep it up!
4	For those of you who'll notice, don't feel too bad about the withered eggplant outside the side entrance (where the garden is), they'll come back after the nasty Arizona summer passes.  And then they'll be in your dinner!Our recent lunch was a delightful 2-hour experience with some of the best service we've received in a long time.  Greeted quickly, we nestled into a booth with a great view of the white-tiled kitchen.First up: our order of meat/cheese starter.  We chose the Speck and Sopressata to sate our carnivorous side, and brie and gorgonzola as the requisite dairy fare.  The speck was out of this world, but I would have liked the brie to have been served room temperature. It was cold, thus, hard.For entrees, between us we had the Farm Greens salad, and a Pepperoni pizza with wild mushrooms, fresh basil, garlic, and oregano. The salad was chilled and the pizza hot, so all was perfect in our world.  We thought the quality of the ingredients used was top-notch, and the freshness was worthy of commenting to our server about. The thin crust of the pizza made it a not-too-heavy addition to the lightness of the salad, and we left satisfied, but not stuffed.  All-in-all, the experience was great, the bill wasn't awful (around $35), and we were treated like the staff wanted us to enjoy ourselves.  And that's saying something.
4	Mmmmmmmmmmmm the pesto pizza. MMMMMMMMM!!!!! The only two things I have ordered here have been the 12 inch pesto pizza and the spinach salad. And every time it has been just as delicious as the last, which is why I keep going back. I usually get both when I go (I split it with someone unfortunately). The first few times I got a stomach ache after....but that's probably cause we eat the whole entire thing. I don't blame the pizza(wo)man. I went there for my 21st birthday a few days ago and they brought me the most delicious piece of chocolate cake. I am not sure if I would try something different just because I know what I love. I can't imagine it getting any better than my usual order. I highly recommend The Parlor for any pesto lova out there. I also have to comment on the cold beer. My family was so impressed by how cold the beer was.
4	It's a great spot for lunch or dinner and they make a mean burger. I had mine with caramelized onions and provolone with their fabulous fries, truly to die for. I have yet to have a signature pizza but I love their salads and sandwiches. If I try their pizza and it's great then I will upgrade my rating to 5 stars!
5	all their pizzas are unique and tasty!lots of photo ops inside a former hair salon place!
4	I went here yesterday for lunch with my Dad. The place was hopping!! There was a 20-40 minute wait, but, luckily, we found two seats at the bar. The restaurant is cute and the bar was a nice area. We ordered the steak panzanella (sp?) salad and the pepperoni pizza. Both were very good! I liked the steak in the salad, it was cooked to around medium I'd say and sliced thin, it was very tender and tasty. The dressing was great and the salad was fresh. The pizza was also very good, although a bit greasy. The pepperonis were the size of small saucers... which was awesome! They were perfectly spiced. The whole pizza had a lot of flavor, and I liked how the pepperoni came with basil on it. The sauce was also flavorful and delicious. I thought the place was fairly expensive, but I would definitely come back here again. And I have leftovers to eat today... woot!!!
4	Went here last night and had a great time. The wait was super long but we were lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar. Our group ordered the calimari and brushetta to start and it was good. The brushetta was a little overloaded and dripped everywhere on me... but that's because I am a spaz when I eat. For pizza we shared the sausage, bbq chicken, and the yukon gold. The bbq chicken was very good, but I was taken aback by how hot the jalapenos were. I had to pick them off, lest they burn me twice. The sausage pizza was very nice and I'd order it again. The yukon gold pizza (with leeks, pancetta, and gorgonzola) was not a hit at our table. Out of the 5 of us, I was the only one that really liked it. Oh well... I got leftovers suckas!
4	Great pizza and salads but does anyone really believe management's ridiculous( and much repeated)  claim  that veggies in dishes are from that small strip of tomatoes, peppers, etc. leading up sidewalk  to entry? If that was true, they could easily harvest whole garden in a day. . . and vegetables do not magically mature and ripen overnight, particularly in winter months. Plus, who wants to eat  veggies from garden uncouth customers sometimes use as an ash tray or trash can for gum wrappers, etc.?Terrific food, ludicrous backstory.
4	We went there one week ago, the place was packed, I'm sure because they just received an award from Food Network. We didn't wait too much, after 20 min we had our table. We order procciuto and asiago cheese as appetizers, they come with some bread and some dip, it was good. For dinner we ordered the pizza w/ sausage and sage I don't remember the name, it was pretty good. The food came quick, the staff was friendly. Highly recommended.
5	Met some colleagues for lunch on a Wednesday.  The server was prompt, polite, and perfectly engaged.  Our spinach salad came out quickly and was perfectly tossed in a lovely presentation.  The lettuce was fresh and the vegetables were fresh.  We ordered the Funghi and the Yukon.  The pizzas were slightly burned at the edges, but the burn actually enhanced the flavor of the mixture of vegetables on the pizza.We had the donut hold type dessert.  Amazing.  Delicious.  I cannot wait to go back.
5	Other pizza's pale in comparison--really yummy pizza!!!
5	Had a great time dining with my sweetheart @ the bar last night. We arrived at 6:30 and had several spots at the bar to choose from. The service from Josh the bartender and the rest of the staff was prompt and impeccable. My build-your-own pizza was better than anything Bianco's could imagine. The Catcher In The Rye cocktail was delicious. We occupied our spot for a good ninety minutes and never felt rushed. Thanks for a wonderful night Parlor!
4	Has the Salcissia pizza last week. Just named best pizza in country by Food Network magazine. Very good pizza, slightly sweet on the palate from sauce or something. Had a mozzarella salad which was good and chocolate cake for birthday dessert at no charge. Big dining area and place was packed on Thursday lunch. Parking lot kinda tight when busy. Good, attentive service.
5	Love love love this place!!!  From the decor to the delicious utilization of local food, this is a place that I highly recommend to everyone!  The Funghi pizza is heaven.  Goat cheese, mushrooms and truffle oil!? Yes!  We often come here for a full meal, but there have been more than a few times of coming just for the chocolate cake.  The owner comes into my job a lot and I asked him what was up with the chocolatey delight.  Apparently they spent three months working on the menu. Time well spent sir:)  We have tried a wide variety of their menu items and haven't been disappointed once.  Great wine at competitive prices, tasty house cocktails and a really fun use of space.  They even have a cute little garden outside.  Oh, and free valet!
4	Not too shabby. Decent drinks, cheese/meat plate was standard but good. The beet salad didn't have many beets on it.. more lettuce. I think we were wanting it to be all beets. The highlight of the whole dinner was the squishy bread that came with the cheese plate. Pizza was also good. Big negative was that all 4 pizzas were soggy in the center. Other than that, no complaints. The one with fruit on it was the best. The sausage was typical, but good, the margarita didn't seem to be a winner with the table, I thought it was good. I like that rubbery cheese thing though.. The one with seafood on it was my least favorite.The tiramisu with pine nut brittle was tasty, the chocolate cake was fine.
3	We headed out for a night with a bunch of friends before a large meeting the next day. The bar area is spacious and separate from the main dining room. However this is a more modern take on restaurants so lots of concrete & a bit of wood. Think echo-y and a bit of noise. If you are good with it, happy dining, if you want something a bit more intimate you may want to consider off hours or another place. Happy hour is definitely worth hitting as the pricing per pint for one of the nice selection of beers was nice especially being in this portion of Phoenix where just to be close to the Biltmore costs more. I am pretty sure they charge more for the water in this area of Phoenix...but I digress. Now to be fair, we did have a variety of nosh like things. Including a margarita pizza which was above average. But honestly I can't say it was memorable or that I am still salivating over my slice. The pasta was good and had a nice blend of spice, sun-dried tomato's and pork in whole wheat pasta. I would order it again. Over all, it was an average experience. The management did a great job in taking care of us after an unfortunate miss understanding with one of the staff. It is tough with many fantastic restaurants in the area I think it may be a while before I go back. Don't sit at the bar, go enjoy the dining side or one of the high top tables. Not great for large groups(8 or more) or parties. Many friends did say this was a place they like to go, but it was usually a couples or double date kind of place. I am all about locally owned and will always recommend over a chain. Happy dining.
5	I'm always on a mission to try something unique, and tonight I found another AMAZING restaurant:  The Parlor.  Boy, it's one exquisite pizza parlor!!!As we sauntered out of the restaurant, the herb and vegetable garden caught our attention, then I recalled the pleasant aromas of basil and sage that piqued our senses upon entering.  Take a moment to "oooh" and "aaah" at the massive plants of basil, squash, sage and the like lining the main entrance.  Lacquer-painted white brick, warm wood and metals complement The Parlor's deconstructed vibe. The staff are incredibly honest, helpful and accommodating.  The food may seem simple, consisting mainly of salads, pizza and pastas, but the flavor in each dish is delightfully complex and thoughtfully balanced.  It's perfection.I had the small spinach salad to start.  This was topped with white balsamic vinaigrette, white cheddar, julienned radish, and hard boiled egg.  Incredibly fresh!  We found it difficult to settle on an entree; did we want pasta?  Maybe a wood-fired pizza?  Or a burger?  There's always the option of building your own pizza...Our waiter kindly steered us in the right direction.  My date had the burger with aged cheddar and I had the spicy barbeque chicken pizza.  This PIZZA!!!  House-made barbeque sauce dressed the slightly chewy (yet crisp) crust, along with provolone, serrano chilies, roasted chicken, grilled scallions and cilantro.  As previously mentioned, the flavors are deliberate--each ingredient proudly hits your taste buds in every bite.  It's heaven.  We were tempted by the dessert menu but decided to stick with coffee.  I had a single decaf french press.  Another simple pleasure to conclude our excellent meal.  Oh yes, I will be back.
4	I've been wanting to try the parlor for months and I finally got to on Friday for date night with my girlfriend.  I've heard so many good things about this place so I was expecting greatness, but worried I would be disappointed due to all the hype.  I was not disappointed.  I am going to rank The Parlor fourth on my favorite pizza places list in the Valley of the Sun, but I can see it possibly moving up a notch or two after more visits.  I'd like to give The Parlor 4.5 if I could.I had a sausage pizza with garlic and basil.  My girlfriend had a pepperoni pizza with garlic and basil.  Both were outstanding.  The sauce was great and the cheddar and mozzarella mix was very nice.  Next time I think I'll get a pizza with pepperoni and sausage with garlic and basil.  Another nice thing, they don't charge for the fresh garlic and basil (or any other herbs), unlike some of my other favorite Phoenix pizza places.  The overall prices were very reasonable for a 12" pie.  I definitely plan on becoming a repeat customer of this fine establishment and it won't take me months to do so.
5	Went here with my husband and another couple and had a really wonderful time. The service was great, and by great I mean my water glass never reached half empty. Our server had a great personality and good timing. We ordered a couple apps and two pizzas to share and I have to say the sausage pizza is the best sausage pizza I have ever had. I was a big fan of Pizzeria Bianco when Chris Bianco was still in the kitchen himself, but since he left it just isn't the same. This is our new go to delicious pizza stop! Oh and they have an interesting selection of wines as well! We sat inside, but the patio was very sweet and as it cools down I look forward to sitting out there too! The best part was the wait was only 10 minutes on a Saturday and the check surprised us! It was way less than we were anticipating! Don't you love it when that happens??
5	Amazing...absolutely amazing. Just had a regular ol' pepperoni pizza, but sometimes restaurants can mess up the simplest of pizza's, and I wasn't feeling too adventurous since this was my first time at the Parlor, however, judging by how good that pizza was, I can only imagine the others are just as amazing.I even came back to my office and I think I told about 10 people about how amazing it was - I hope they take my advice and stop by soon!
5	Ah-mazing food! On your way into the restaurant you'll pass by a fresh herb garden that The Parlor actually uses in their cooking. Wonderful options for building your own pizza or if you're a little more adventurous they have their own creations that are fantastic as well. My husband is pretty picky about his food but with the build-your-own he was able to  create a pizza he loves. The atmosphere is so lovely esp. at night on the patio. We always sit outside whether it's January or July and have always been very comfortable. Great place for a one on one date or with a group of friends!
3	When I sat down at the table with my boyfriend, who happens to really like this place, I really felt like I'd found another cool gem in Phoenix. A somewhat modernly decorated little "cave" this is, I settled in on good conversation before making any judgments about how unaccomodating they would be to strict vegetarians like myself. As it turns out, they are quite UNaccomodating. There is about nothing on the menu that doesn't have cow pus or bacon/pancetta/etc in it (and left out just would make the dish weird and incomplete). There were a few salads, but when you had that earlier in the day what are you going to do?Let your boyfriend order the Funghi pizza because despite the cow pus, you LOVE mushrooms. And let me tell you: this pizza was mushroom happy!! There were so many on the top you could barely see the cheese! The crust, however, was disappointing. The outside was no less than burnt, and the bottom underneath the cheese was just soggy like it hadn't even been fully baked in the oven. Just....gummy :(Service was OK, but ALL the points go to this : They now carry Jack Daniel's Honey whiskey, which no one else does. This ish is bomb.
4	Went to this place last sat. with the girls, the first time myself.very cool building and grounds.  i like the open environment and wood  throughout the rooms.  it looks as though they kept a 70's mural on some of the walls.  they were quite nice to see, as they had me realize that back not too long ago many people were not so embarrassed by nudity with out shame but with a sense of beauty and pride.  it was refreshing to see and be reminded of.had wine, gals got beer and mojito.  ordered the cauliflower Gratiana, and the Frito misto.  the cauliflower effortlessly took the place of even the best mac and cheese. we went on to the pesto 12in pie and T ordered the risotto.  Our waiter was fun and interacted but knew his menu and pairings.really great fun was had and all had pleasant bellies.
3	Tonight we tried pasta not pizza. The pasta is 'fatta in casa' (made in the kitchen) and quite good. The Bolognese sauce was good but the Amatriciana was horribly disappointing. It had been reduced too much and tasted like BBQ sauce, it was a bit oily too. Amatriciana is spicy, not sweet. Also, WAY too much sauce on the pasta even by American-Italian standards where already too much sauce is on the pasta.However I have to say the best part was the desserts. Their dessert chef is a rock star. Try the pezzole or the semifreddo sandwiches. Generous portions and delicious! We also had a slab of chocolate cake with cherries - dense and delicious! I would go back just for the desserts. As for the entrees, I'm sticking with the pizzas next time. I wish they had a wider selection of pizza.
4	busy busy busy lunch place ,  steak out the patio seating for a nice afternoon lunch before the suits and ties show up ... built your own pizza is a good way to go , always FRESH incredigents , great pizza crust, and for those FISH LOVERS, note :  they use FRESH ANCHOVY , which DOES NOT TASTE SALTY like the can ANCHOVY , which gives the NON FISH  taste :(   but all in all a good clean place for a afternoon lunch service was VERY GOOD !
5	Wow, this place really exceeded my expectations. Excellent, amazing, wonderful pizza!!!!  I would say it is right up there with Pizzeria Bianco, but without the wait.  We will definitely go back soon.The Beet salad was delicious and perfect, and we had the margherita pizza, which was totally amazing.  Love this place!!!
4	This is such a great place.  I can't believe I have not written a review for it.  I've been coming here since it opened.  I've been here a few times with my hubby and a couple of times we have organized our twin moms night out.  I love their roasted beet salad. It is perfect.  I love beets, but I don't want to take the time to prepare them, so whenever I see that item on the menu, I order it.  I was very happy with this salad.  The first time I went, I was a little hesitant to order the yukon gold pizza.  I had read about it, but I have never had potato on a pizza.  Well, it is awesome.  carbs on top of carbs, how can you go wrong.  The best part is that they slice the potatoes so thin it is perfect.  It makes it light.  The crust is thin but has great chewiness.  Another time I had the Spicy Seafood linguini.  It was great, the portion was very generous, it was a good thing I was splitting it with a girlfriend. For dessert we split the Zeppole, which are like little donut holes, yummy, how can you not like fried dough.
5	Modernized pizza and dining out spot...I am a fan of this place. The bar is crowded for the most part, but it's a good sign. I crave their wonderful selections of the pizzas...Most of the pizzas here have a fresh and clean tast - which is really good with their wines and cocktails selections. You can get in with a reasonable waiting time. I choose this over Pizzeria Bianco since it doesn't have the ridiculous waiting time - it's simple yet offering a great ambiant for dining experience. If you really like heart-warming and traditional pizzas, try Spinato's. Yummiest of all pizzas, by far.
5	i have been here many times and never been disappointed. i have tried most of their pizzas, appetizers and salads and am completely satisfied with the consistent quality and deliciousness of absolutely everything.the duck pizza is back on the menu (though changed slightly) so get it while you can.  makes a nice pairing with the pumpkin porter, which is also only available seasonally.this is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. there is never a bad time to go to the parlor - perfect for every occasion!(it's kind of hard to see the first time around - look for the neon sign on a nondescript concrete wall)
4	This was the first time I ate here, went with some friends for dinner.  We ordered the arancini as an appetizer and it was good.  The risotto was well cooked but the flavor was lacking something.  It wasn't a bad dish, I have just had better.We ordered the Salsiccia for dinner and I thought it was great.  The flavors worked well together, although the sage at time took center stage.  I am a fan of sage and it didn't bother me, but not every bite was a perfect bite.  It would have been nice to balance the grilled radicchio with the sage but overall this pizza was great.  The kicker was the addition of Saba to the pizza, what a brilliant idea.  This pizza is a winner.Finally for dessert I ordered the sweet potato cheesecake.  This desert was amazing, they created a cheesecake with perfect ratios.  It is not an overpowering cheesecake or sweet potato, just perfect.  The crust on the bottom gave it a nice crunch.  This was a desert I would return for...or try to replicate myself.
4	I love coming to this place!  The pizza is always very good and so are the salads!  The one thing I love about this place is that they carry a Cabernet Frac and by the glass!  The service is so-so, the waitresses really don't pay that much attention to you but the food and wine make up for it all.  Oh and I dont like the complementary vallet either, it is a small parking lot and kind of annoying for those who do not like to vallet.
5	This place does not disappoint.  I've been here quite a few times with coworkers and it's always a good choice.Cute place - I especially like sitting on their cozy, covered patio.  I hate mushrooms but somehow LOVE their fungi pizza.  I think it's the truffle oil that makes it amazing.  I've had a few of their other pizzas too, which are quite good as well. All of their salads are delish - you can't go wrong with any of them.If there's just one other person with you, you can't go wrong sharing a pizza and a salad.This place is WAY better than Pizzeria Bianco.Will continue to come back here!
5	Pizza here is amazing. Try the funghi. Yum. Also their wine is good. The Slingshot Cab is an exclusive wine and they serve it for $10 a glass. I love their little herb garden out front. Cute. Nice independent restaurant with a funky atmosphere. Used to be a beauty parlor apparently...hence the name.
4	Finally, an excuse to eat pizza every week.The Parlor is one of those unique spots that has that all-around enjoyable vibe. Not only is the building absolutely stunning (renovated from an old beauty salon), but their food is off the charts. It's easy to feel a sense of romance if you're seated on the patio; lots of vine covered walls and candles make it the perfect spot to bring a date. Being seated inside is just as lovely-- even in their busiest hour, you can still here yourself think and don't feel overwhelmed by the commotion around you.I picked out the Margherita pizza and a pint of Kiltlifter the first time I was there, and loved the combination so much I never even bothered trying anything else. True bliss.
5	Great food! Highly recommend!
5	Love this place!  Culinary treat! This visit I tried the Mescolanza and Bruxelles. Both were so flavorful.  Some thought was put in to this menu!  I can't wait to try the pizza on my next visit.  I also love garden out front.
5	Modernized pizza and dining out spot...I am a fan of this place. The bar is crowded for the most part, but it's a good sign. I crave their wonderful selections of the pizzas...Most of the pizzas here have a fresh and clean tast - which is really good with their wines and cocktails selections. You can get in with a reasonable waiting time. I choose this over Pizzeria Bianco since it doesn't have the ridiculous waiting time - it's simple yet offering a great ambiant for dining experience. If you really like heart-warming and traditional pizzas, try Spinato's. Yummiest of all pizzas, by far.
5	I visited some friends in Phoenix for the first time in April 2011 and one of the things I like to do while on my vacations is eat. Of course, we had to try this new place called The Parlor. No one had ventured to try this Pizzeria and my visit was the perfect excuse.5 words: Antipasti meat and cheese selection. Grilled Rosemary Flatbread, Basil Pesto and Peperonata. We chose some smoked prosciutto, bleu cheese and then a bleu cheese/jack combo, I think. Quite tasty. Of course I tried a pizza and a chocolate cake for dessert but both are a blur since my brain only wanted to remember the Antipasti.
5	Top choice for pizza in the Biltmore area for sure.  So good!  The ambiance is great, perfect for a date or small group.  This is the kind of place where you want to order a bottle of wine and an appetizer, hang out for a while, get and share a pizza, hang out for a while, get and share another pizza... you get the idea.I forget exactly what we ordered, but I do remember getting the night's special pizza and being absolutely blown away.  The service was awesome, the type where you want to become friends with the staff.  And the food top-notch.Free valet parking, great atmosphere, great wine... although I take no credit for choosing.  That's my job when it comes to pizza, and I can do my job quite well here.
4	This place just made my COOL PATIO list - good in summer or winter the way it is set up!  very neato!Menu offerings were fresh and tasty sounding without getting obnoxiously trendy!  We had spinach salad lightly dressed with EVOO, next time I would ask for a sprinkle of balsamic to add at the table but that's just me.  Shared a Margherita Pizza, liked the crust a lot, nice chewy rind.  They have a small garden area outside, not sure if its for looks or if I just ate some of it - either way its a nice touch!Friendly service, no rushing us from the table, will definitely return and bring friends.  IN fact, already booked two lunch dates in JANUARY!  Happy New Year to me, found a new LOCALLY owned restaurant!
4	I have eaten here four or five times, and the experience has been consistently good.  The pizzas have a nice thin crust, and the beet salad with goat cheese is probably my favorite item on the menu.  Wine specials, fun atmosphere and a nice patio round out the place.
1	When I first heard of this restaurant I was soooo excited especially due to the fact that that the owners father is a owner of a nello's pizza. So I thought this would be the younger modern fusion of pizza. I loved the location and decor of this restaurant it was very inviting and I loved the fact that they carried LUX coffee since that is some good coffee. The pizza is another story I really didn't feel they matched flavors well duck with citrus and and too many herb mixings on all the pizzas we got. we also found hair in one of the pizza's which I got really grossed out after that and I didn't want to continue eating anymore. Overall great decor/ambiance, music and coffee is great but I will not be back after the whole pizza incident.
5	This pizza joint was phenomenal! I'm so glad the owner of the cupcake shop we visited recommended this place!make sure you try one of their fresh salads, amazingly creative pizzas, and delightful desserts while here!  you won't be disappointing!
5	Wow this place was awesome.  We ordered three different pizzas and all were great. but the classic pepperoni beat out them all by just a hair. The salad was amazing. Will definitely go back!
4	I can't stop raving about The Parlor! A group of 6 of us met for dinner here on NYE & I'm thrilled that we did. I was blown away by 3 AMAZING appetizers that we ordered: Arancini (crispy risotto ball), the Cauliflower Gratinata & Bruxelles (brussel sprouts w/ pancetta). The Zeppole and Carmel Pears & Apples which we had for dessert were just average in comparison with the other food. Next visit I probably won't save any room for dessert. You can find pictures of all 3 apps that have been posted by various reviewers! This place used to be a beauty parlor but doesn't resemble a pizza "parlor" in looks at all. No checkered red & white table cloths here! We sat out on the covered patio with vine covered walls & candles. I think sometime it would be fun to sit inside & watch the pizza-stretchers and the pizza assembly. Looking forward to going back!
4	Cheesy-melty-roasted-cauliflower-with-fresh-bread-crumbs-on-top.To-die-for.
4	I had a blast here and the food was amazing! Nice ambiance and great service! I'm definitely coming back here as often as I can.
5	Great Pizza, it definitely lives up to the hype. Easily one of the best pies n the state and a hip spot.
4	I'm impressed by how pretty The Parlor is; the decor, the food, even the people inside are just lovely. The food was great; good fries that are crisp on the outside and extremely tasty, the Funghi pizza is decadent (probably due to the truffle oil), and I highly recommend the tiramisu. I'm happy to have "discovered" The Parlor (when really, I seem to be the last one) because I had a good experience and look forward to going back with friends and family.
5	My friend and I wanted to try this place and was I impressed . From the food ,staff and the awesome patio ! Check this place out if you get the chance
4	I met a g/f here and we sat on the patio under the heaters to relax and enjoy the night air.  They have a decent wine selection with a couple bucks off per glass for Happy Hour.  None of their food is on Happy Hour which is strange but not a big deal.  We split the Swiss Chard Salad and the specialty pizza (lamb, mint and don't remember what else was on it).  Both were excellent.  I would definitely go back to this cool venue.
4	This is a swanky pizza/bar in the Biltmore area.  Not only are the pizza's great, but their burger is AMAZING.. It is one of my favorite in town.  They are also a good place to take the kids since they bring out gold fish as soon as you are seated.  The cons to this place is sometimes if can feel a bit stuffy and jeans and a tee will feel a bit out of place.. but this goes hand in hand with my other issue - valet parking only... Its not like the don't have much parking either (like Postino or LGO).  Just seems like they want to make it a little more swanky.
5	Unbelievable. Fig pizza was off the charts. Our server, who had round glasses and was attentive without being intrusive, knew what citrus to offer me with my beer. A rare treat. The decor is on point, love the reclaimed wood, and the pizza? Completely perfect.
5	I have never had a bad experience at The Parlor. This place is great for any occasion. I first visited The Parlor on a date, needless to say, the date didn't work out, but I kept going back for more pizza. This Valentine's day (or AZ Statehood day for us single people who are AZ natives) I spent the evening with my girls chatting and enjoying some grub. The atmosphere was so great that I didn't even notice how busy it was until I decided to look around. The servers were on point and very friendly. This was my first time sitting in the bar area. There are also great spots in the dining room and the patio has great ambiance. We ordered everything.... There was a great deal that night. I don't know if it's a normal deal but $25 for a pie and a pitcher is a great value. We ordered a pitcher of Stella and a Smokey. The Smokey has smoked prosciutto, olives and ricotta. YUM. For an appetizer we went with the calamari and rock shrimp. We also had a plate of cheese (brie) and more prosciutto. For dessert the tiramisu and a french press of Lux coffee.All of that between 3 people and our bill only came out to $66. Which surprised us (we thought it would be more). Everything always tastes amazing and the prices are reasonable. The Parlor is high on my list for places to try in Phoenix.
4	I jump at the chance to share a meal whenever I dine with a friend who is also willing to do so. It's not only fun but helps me control my portions and is way easier on the dinning budget. I usually ask the server if sharing a meal would also be filling enough to satisfy us and I usually emphasizes...we are starving!  Our server was eager to help us select our dishes.The Parlor Insalata was a great starter and more than enough for us. It was a large bowl of Mixed Greens/Salami/Feta/Olives/Cucumber/Tomatoes/ Crispy Chickpeas /Red Onion and an Oregano Vinaigrette.  We went with the 12" Margherita, he wanted pepperoni added to his side of the pizza. He tried one slice without pepperoni and I tried one with. We both agreed all pepperoni next time. Washed it down with a couple beers.  Nom nom tasty. We were both very pleased with our meals with 3 extra slices left over; I was gifted the take-away box.
4	The Parlor is definitively a fun place and it is visually very appealing from the layout to the overall design. I had the beet salad and the lamp pizza, both were very good. The pizza was a little bit more oily than what I would have liked. The staff was very nice and even when obviously short-staffed got the job done well. I will definitely return for dinner and happy hour.
5	This place was really great!! We came here for late dinner Friday and we were seated right away. The ambiance is really chic and trendy- a little dark...as the new/hot places always are....but everything was super comfortable and nice. We started with the lamb meatballs on a bed of lentils and other beans. Seriously, I have never had lentils made this good anywhere. I still have mouth-watering thoughts of it.We had 3 pizzas- the classic pepperoni (yuuuum), the potato-leek (amazing!!!) and the fungi (I don't eat mushrooms, but my friends thought this was great)Can't wait to visit Arizona again to come here again....especially for those lentils!
5	I was on yelp looking for a good pizza joint in my new area and found something so much better "The Parlor" My boyfriend had mentioned this place before and I said something snarky like "The Parlor of what ... what is it a massage parlor..." My Deepest Apologies to The Parlor!!!!! This place is awesome. Our first visit we ordered a selection of cheese and meats, the beet salad, the veal ravioli and the cherry zeppole. The atmosphere is comfortable and casual, there were all ages and kinds dining.Nummy cheese and meat! Beet salad was good and fresh, the veal ravioli was bowl licking good. (and YES he did it twice) the desert was soo good. Gorgeous little round nuggets of sweet, tender, fluffy, light, cherry goodness. I can't say enough about this place. You have to go and see for yourself. We will be back and we will eventually order everything off the menu!  Oh yea and we were out the door for under fifty dollars!
5	INCREDIBLE pizza. Customer service is spotty- sometimes fantastic, sometimes a little deficient. But the pizza makes up for it. This is the place to get adventurous with your pies- last time I tried some sort of corn pizza (i think it was a seasonal special) and it was to die for! Also, their specials on Monday and Tuesdays are fantastic. See below: "Pitcher and a Pie, Bottle and a Bowl" special  every Monday and Tuesday. Enjoy a 12 inch Parlor Pizza with a pitcher of beer for $25 or a large pasta bowl with a select bottle of wine for $35Happy Hour Everyday From 3-6pm$2 Off Glasses of wine$3 Drafts$5 Wells
4	I would've given this place 5 stars because I love it, however the sheer rudeness of one of their front of house staff, Shauna, prevented me from doing so.  We were a large party of 6 there to celebrate a birthday and when we got there and put our name in (around 5:30 PM) we were told between 45-60 minutes by the hostess.  We got some wine and hung out outside of the restaurant.  When 45 minutes had gone by I went to check on the seating - just to see how long it would be.  My exact question was - I just want to check and see how we are doing on our table?  The hostess (whom I later found out to be named Shauna) said to me, verbatim, "Um I told you guys it would be a hour when you got here and we are waiting for your table to get up from the patio."  Her attitude was appalling and  I was SHOCKED that was how she spoke to me.  I walked back outside and joined my party.  About 30 more minutes had gone by and my mom stopped in and inquired about the reservation (at this point the outside area had been cleared of all other large parties and we were well past our "given time".  The same hostess looked at my mom and said "You guys have already been up here tonight and I told you that we are waiting for a table on the patio to leave."  I have worked in restaurants and run the front of the house for extremely busy places so I understand when it's busy, but there was absolutely no excuse for how she spoke to both my mom and I.Eventually a different hostess came outside and sat us and the rest of the service was great (along with the food), but I think it's important to note that the front of the house makes the first impression and she really made a poor one to our party.
5	Love this place. Its a jewel of a find!!!I really enjoy the Roasted Beet Salad YUM YUM!!!
4	This former beauty "Parlor" is hip and high energy. We had great pizza and even better beet salad. However I recommend you skip the Tiramisu.
4	Great pizza and an really fun atmosphere.  The sausage pizza... well you have to try it... it was on Food Network for a reason.  I have been to the Parlor a few times and I always have something different... they have a lot of tasty items to try on the menu, so I am just working my way through the menu.  The sandwiches are really good too.  I would suggest the duck club to any sandwich guru... love it!  Local businesses are important to me, if you follow my reviews I am passionate about supporting my community and I believe that places like the Parlor offer something special that you cannot find in a chain; they offer variety and they are passionate about the quality of their work.  I will say that I wish the service was not so inconsistent.  I have had some really great servers and I have had some lackluster ones.  The solid local businesses know that the people working in their place of business are the true secret to the sauce and I hope that as the Parlor matures, some of these inconsistencies will work their way out.
4	I VERY much enjoy this place.  The Duck sandwich has changed my life.  The brick oven gives the pizza a natural, full flavor, homemade style taste that makes you slow down and enjoy every bite!  The atmosphere, the set up, and the bar is all very welcoming and very clean.  Hard to spot when you are driving down the road.  i have been there about 10 times and i still pass it up sometimes.  Parking is not the best, and valet is not really needed, but they very much have top shelf alcohol and delicious food to boot.  Not extremely expensive either, but pricey enough to make you count your bills before you enter just so you will have enough.  Great place!
5	I LOVED The Parlor. I didn't love the very-full parking lot, but I guess when you have food this good, it's a given that parking may be an issue.My friend and I both  had the carrot-ginger soup, which was excellent.I had the small cesear salad and my friend had the tuna melt and like it alot. Both excellent!I am going to try the pizza some day soon (I try to NOT eat pizza, because I love it, and will eat it way too often) and will update at that time. The pizza menu looks wonderful, by the way.Our  waiter was very nice, the food was served quickly, and the prices were average for a nice place such as this.All in all, The Parlor is a winner!
4	I really liked The Parlor. Great good, fun atmosphere, good drinks and a great contemporary feel. Some damn good desert pizza!
5	Pizza was amazing. The build your own pizza menu was great!Waitress was very helpful and let me know that I actually ordered too much on my pizza and let me know that I should reduce my ingredients. Such honesty was greatly appreciated.Go here 100%Vibe is great. Not exactly CHEAP, but totally worth it.
5	I've been to the Parlor many times and I've never been disappointed.  The environment is great, their staff is always very friendly and the pizza, of course, is amazing as well.  I tend to visit the most during happy hour and they always have a fun crowd with a great bar setup.  Parking can be a pain sometimes but that is what I tend to expect out of good restaurants these days and you can always valet if needed.  I have really tried the other menu items outside of the pizza and their salads.  That is what I go there for and it is too damn good not to have it every time!
5	One of my favorite places! Their food is absolutely delicious!!! you can taste how great the quality is in every bite! And their Tirimisu is to die for. The staff is great, the vibe is great, the place is very nice!  and it's  inexpensive! I LOVE the Parlor!
5	Can you imagine lamb pastrami?  You don't need to - try the lamb pastrami sandwich on The Parlor menu now.  The lamb is tender and flavorful; it is accompanied with Gouda, crisp cabbage and a tasty sauce.  The sandwich comes on a Parlor-made rye roll that has a thin crispy crust; the rye is the right complement for the lamb.  Of course, the pizza is a must - the best in Arizona - maybe in the country.  There are many other appealing dishes on the menu; it's difficult to taste them as the pizza is so good.
5	I drove past this place soooo many times and I am now kicking myself.  This is possible the best pizza I have ever had.  The decor of the restaurants is amazing and they had a fantastic menu.  The service was amazing!  Just a great place! I still can't believe how cheap my bill was. Prices for pizza are very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients you are getting.
4	love the seafood linguini and the chicken pizza! overall nice ambiance and decor!
3	I came here on a Saturday night with a group of 8 for dinner. The food was good but I don't think it was worth the time we waited for a table. The salads were good (we tried the roasted beet and the spinach). I know everyone comes here for the pizza but I actually enjoyed the pasta more. The pesto chiatarra was so tasty and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The other dish that stood out was the risotto with octopus. Our waiter went on and on about how good the octopus is and I have to agree. Be sure to order if it it's on the menu. I also enjoyed the tiramisu and turtle budino for dessert. Overall this was a good restaurant but I would only come back when the place is less busy.
4	4/18/12Very, very good late lunch/early dinner meal for me, and it all started with a classic mojito.  Not the Garden mojito on the specialty cocktails menu that has cucumber in it (allergy).  Just a mojito made from a well rum, in this case Bacardi.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=9-cZ-SOtiX2ihwdrCs2FrQ  $6 during happy hour.  And it's a good one!  Fresh, muddled mint, a bit of lime juice, a spritz of ginger ale, sugar, and rum.  Initially I thought it a bit too sweet (from the ginger ale, instead of carbonated soda) but perhaps the alcohol content had something to do with my change of mind... :)I was considering a bruschetta plate with two cheeses, but decided against it when I had a look at the dessert menu.  Nope, I'm just going to have a small plate of Pesto chitarra ($10) and perhaps the cherry zeppole later.  I have to tell you, I've been dreaming about this pasta dish for years, since the first time I saw another Yelper post a picture of it somewhere.  Years!!  And today's dish did not disappoint.  No, not at all.  You'd think after a few years' buildup on how spectacular this plate looks, I might not enjoy it so much, but I was happy with it.  Yep, I'm just going to come out and say it-- I ate the whole thing!  Every "guitar" string, all the grape tomato halves (which, honestly, wasn't hard to do, since there were only two whole pieces to speak of), each and every grated parmesan-coated pine nut, and all of the pesto sauce. I may have left some charred bits of the toasted focaccia bread on the plate, but what wasn't charred I used to sop up all of that pesto-infused EVOO.  The entire entree was off the hook!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=wYz23WxyjrTKUXsSUwnKSw  Now, this is where any practical and health-conscious person would say, "Ok, I've had enough.  I can't eat another bite."  But, I can't be practical.  Not when I'm half-way through my mojito!  So, I went ahead and ordered the zeppole ($6.50), and it took more than a few minutes to arrive, but I wasn't in a hurry.  When the six little Italian puffs of sugar-coated fresh-fried dough arrived, accompanied by two small pots of almond crema and Maker's Mark bourbon mascarpone, I knew I was in for a treat!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ?select=0-sLOjmoMEBkWAcTZyHskQ  Even before I took a bite, I could detect the scent of cherries that were inside the fried moulds of dough, some of which you could see peeking through the sparkling sugar crystals.  And yes, I ate all six of them, and all of the almond crema.  There was no doubt that the mascarpone contained bourbon- it's pretty strong, and I didn't mind it, not at all, especially when you combine it with the almond, but had I known just how much i'd enjoy the almond crema, I'd have them give me two pots of it, instead of the mascarpone.  Now I know.4.25 stars.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Yummy nummy weird pizzas! If you want some delicious pizza and don't care if it has lots of stuff like goat cheese and pine nuts this is your place! You don't have to know what the ingredients are. The waiter suggested the funghi pizza, it was a pizza covered in mushrooms and was really good! But, I'll be back to try other flavors,  because I'm a meat eater at heart! Very reasonably priced and a nice experience.
5	A gem on Camelback. A modern, trendy spot that was busy well into the night on a Friday. My visit was quick, but memorable. Brushetta was excellent. My Italian grinder was one of the best I've ever had anywhere, and the fries were just as good. Service was pretty good. The entire place was very clean and new looking. I already want to go back. 5 stars all the way.
3	I thought The Parlor was okay. From the outside, you can't really tell what kind of place you're going into. I liked that. They also have an herb garden outside. My co-worker and I split the small caesar salad, glad the dressing wasn't overly fishy. I went basic, and ordered the pepperoni & basil pizza. It was good, and the mozzarella was homemade. My co-worker ordered the fungi pizza and raved about it.
2	We were very disapointed with our order the other night.  The margerita pizza was lackluster and bland, and the orangini (sp?) and the salad were not very good either.  We had been to the restraunt several times when they first opened and liked it. Perhaps their carryout isnt as good or their quality is down, but from now on we will stick to cibo
4	Pour me a glass and bake me a pie, cuz I'm gonna be here for a while.Though humble and almost unnoticeable on the outside, Parlour has a beautiful interior with great acoustics. Lots of bustling ambient noise to make you feel like you're part of a scene but spaced out enough that you don't have to listen to your neighbor's conversation. Relaxed enough that you can stay a while as well. They've done a terrific job with the design and decor, which contibutes to it's "chill" factor.The food has always been excellent. Even without cheese, these pizzas are stellar. Anything with those roasted wild mushrooms piled on top is worth ordering. They once had a vegan appetizer special that was to die for and I've been waiting for it's reappearance. The wine and cocktails are very enjoyable - and I'm not a cocktail person. These bartenders know what they're doing. That last star didn't quite make the cut because of the spotty service. Not terrible service, just somewhat inattentive and aloof, though I'm starting to think that's a trend in hip Phoenix restaurants. Overall, I love it here. For the price and the atmosphere, it's a terrific place to spend a few hours chatting up a storm.
5	Yumm been here quite a few times tired pizzas sand witches burgers all good all fresh and made to order food.  Haven't found anything I dislike yes probably go a couple times a month highly reccoended
5	I think I'm in love. This place has got it all - can I just live here please?My experience at The Parlor was amazing from start to finish. The complimentary valet parking? Why, yes, thank you! The amazingly scented herb garden in the front walkway? How charming! The earthy and modern ambience indoors and out? I absolutely adore. The short 15 minute wait despite the 7 o'clock hour on a Friday evening? Awesome! The amazing menu choices? Yes please!My husband and I tried the eggplant bruschetta for our appetizer and really enjoyed it...which says a lot since the hubs doesn't even like eggplant. Our server sold us on the pork belly special and we were glad she did. I don't think I've ever had a pork dish that I enjoyed more. Then our pizza with goat cheese, pesto sauce and sausage arrived and our happy level went through the roof. Service was super pleasant and efficient. I cannot wait to come back and work my way through the menu.This place has exceptional food and a chill atmosphere that makes you just want to hang out all night. I love the barber shop chairs and the salon sinks in the bathroom. Can it get any cooler?
4	Great ambience.  Maybe I had too much wine, but I loved their patio with the mistors (sp?).  We started with (a lot of wine) a small cheese board and proscuitto.  I liked that they let you pair your meats and cheeses and how big or small of a portion you want.  My hubs and I split their light cream sauce pasta and a pizza and both were delish.  We followed it up with more wine.  4 stars for pretty good food, great ambience and nice wine selection.  Will def be back!
4	LOVE the raised garden as you walk into this place. It's so wonderful to see the food you will be eating! Everything looked so great.We had the make your own pizza w/mushrooms and grilled veggies. Pretty good! Very good for the price too...just $8 total. There were also options to add basil, garlic, rosemary, etc, for free! Also, we shared a salad that was really good...the chicken was great!It's a bit hard to see from Camelback, but it's worth it once you find it! The place was PACKED for lunch on a Wednesday. I guess that says it all!
5	Oh, The Parlor, how I love you so... Hands down, this is the best pizza place in the valley. They are local, the food is backyard fresh, and the menu changes seasonally. Almost every time we have been here, they have a special of the day - a unique soup (always delicious), an exotic main course, or a specialty dessert (ordered every time). This is our go to place when we can't decide what to eat or if the In-Laws are in town. We eat here atleast once a week! The Parlor used to be an actual hair salon, thus the play on their name. When you walk up, you are greeted by fresh herbs growing along the walkway and a giant fireplace. Once inside, it's separated with the bar on the right and the dining area to the left. The ambiance inside is low-key, semi-dark, but enjoyable. You can sit in beauty chairs (the kind with the pump, where your hairdresser can maneuver you up or down) and see beautiful pizzas made right before your eyes. I swear they've fit 15+ pizzas in the oven and while the pizzas come out fast, they are continually feeding the oven. It's amazing to watch. You can also sit outside, which is fantastic during cool weather.The first time we came to The Parlor, it was my birthday. We ordered two pizzas, one being the Fungi (which we've ordered several more times), and a meat/cheese platter with roasted Queen Creek olives. Oh, the olives are delicious all warmed up with a hint of salt and garlic. At the end of the night, they brought me this dense chocolate cake with freshly made whipped cream and cherry sauce. This is one of their signature desserts, which is always on the menu. It was amazing and all the food was spectacular. Since then, they've changed from their fall menu, to their winter menu, to their spring menu and every season they have signature and seasonal items. During the fall season, they had this sweet potato cheesecake with a pistachio crust. I weep every day and can't wait until this fall, in hopes that they bring it back! We've also had their Parlor Burger, where you can choose different toppings, and it comes with some of the best french fries. They make all their pastas in house and you can tell. My favorite is the seafood pasta, which has shrimp, mussels, calamari and those tiny octopi (!!) all mixed in a spicy tomato sauce. We have tried almost all the pizzas and pastas on the menu, but love trying the specials, since they are always amazing! Finally, the wait staff is highly knowledgeable, energetic, and super quick. We had the same waiter several times (I wish I could remember his name!) and every time the service has been spectacular. Overall, I would highly recommend this place and if you're ever there, you'll probably see us!
5	What a great place to chill , have some cold beer and some great food.One of my  favorite restaurants in the Valley.Make sure you try the spicy seafood pasta.
4	this was such a nice place to go, First date idea or anniversary haha... the food is so good, the atmosphere is exquisite, the drinks and the service so good. is a must go here in Phoenix.
5	I drove past this place soooo many times and I am now kicking myself.  This is possible the best pizza I have ever had.  The decor of the restaurants is amazing and they had a fantastic menu.  The service was amazing!  Just a great place! I still can't believe how cheap my bill was. Prices for pizza are very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients you are getting.
4	This place was incredible!I loved the Funghi pizza. THe mushrooms, goat cheese and truffle oil is to die for! The Yukon pizza is also incredible...with the thin sliced potatoes on it, yummmm!Love the ambiance, it used to be a hair salon - hence the name Parlor.  I am thoroughly looking forward to going back for happy hour!
4	I really liked this spot.  I liked it much better then the Nello's restaurant that the Parlor is a distant relative of.   The pizza dough is incredible.  I found it to have a very tender crust.  The lamb sausage sandwich was very good too.  I'm a sucker for a roasted beet salad and that was good as well.  I had 2 complaints about The Parlor.  The first is that the majority of items have goat cheese on them.  I realize that this is currently the 'it' ingredient but I'm not a big fan.  My second complaint was the noise level.  In both the bar and the dinning room I couldn't hear a thing my husband was saying nor could he hear me.  It takes away from your dinning experience when you and your dinner date  are constantly saying 'what?'
5	Pizza is delicious!!
5	I LOVE this place...The pizza is awesome and the deserts are even better.  I would recommend the Turtle Budino which has:Dark Chocolate Pudding / SaltedCaramel / Spicy Pecans / Pizelle CookieWe celebrated my birthday there and they gave me a coupon/gc to come back.  Nice surprise.  Loved it!!!
5	First time here and absolutely enjoyed it. There was a longish wait but we managed to snatch a table in the bar and had a couple of drinks while waiting. We then ended up getting a table on the patio which was kept nice and misty.We ended up ordering the Funghi, Roasted Corn, Puttanesca, Yukon Gold, and the Spicy Barbecue Chicken and sharing them all. If you love mushrooms definitely try out the Funghi Pizza. It was delicious! I also enjoyed the Yukon Gold. The little pieces of Pancetta on top were just calling out to me! For dessert we had the Turtle Budino, Sweet Corn Zeppole, Crespelle, Stone Fruit Crostada, and the special which was this almond cake dessert. The Turtle Budino (chocolate Pudding) was fantastic! We had a friend that could not stop licking the pudding out of the plate. The Sweet Corn Zeppole was definitely worth trying too with its butterscotch and Chili Mascarpone dips.The service was fantastic and the food was amazing. Definitely coming back to try out the rest of the menu!
4	I did not have the pizza though my husband said that it was delicious. I had the steak salad and it was very nice. I love the atmosphere and service was great. We definitely will be back!
4	The Parlor is a chic new pizza place for me, perfect for meeting the girlfriends for lunch.  We arrived early (11:25) and avoided the wait.  Five minutes later and it would have been different, but that's just a sign of something good, right?  My friends ordered from the very unique cocktail menu and we started with an antipasti plate with meat/cheese.  Very high quality and amazing tapenades to accompany the selections we made.  Nice start.  We each ordered something different and mine was delicious - the arugula/beet/goat cheese salad.  It was exceptionally fresh and the dressing was mild but perfect to highlight the other elements in the salad.  My friends were equally impressed with their dishes.  One ordered the spicy seafood pasta (don't remember the correct name) and was stoked.  Oh, and the service was great.  Really couldn't have asked for anything better.
4	I have two new favorites, the cauliflower app and the pepperoni pizza (add ricotta). YUM! Service and quality continue to be outstanding. Monday's they have amazing specials on pasta/wine or pizza/beer combinations.
5	Excellent service and food.  I started out at the bar.  Friendly bartenders and patrons.  The bartender (sorry I forgot his name) made me a Dark and Tan (I think that is what it was called)  and it was great.   It is two beers combined.   Then the bruschetta, excellent.  We had 4 different pizzas and they were all great.  The desert was just okay, but most people wouldn't have room for it.  Oh, and the service from Paul was fantastic.  I will definitely recommend and be back.
5	The atmosphere is great, it has a cool modern feel about it.  I would come back just because of the atmosphere of the restaurant but luckily for me the food is great as well. The usual for the gf and I is the meat & cheese, a pizza, and a few beers.
5	All I can say about this place is PERFECT! I've been going to the Parlor since it opened and never once have I been disappointed in my food. It's just phenomenal. Aside from a sometimes long wait, it's worth every last penny :) yay!
4	Stopped at the Parlor Saturday night - great pies!! We went with a group, had a minimal wait. Great patio, even with the summer heat, ordered 3 pies, all delicious!! Also, they have Mr. Pineapple on tap (the wifey's favorite local beer) always a bonus. I highly recommend - great food, great service and great ambiance.
4	We had a wait but hanging at the bar made up for it.  The pizza was tasty, although it didn't hold it's shape.  Loved the decor and vibe will definitely go again.
5	Favorite uptown pizzeria! Be sure to get a meat and cheese plate - it will cement the experience.
4	Blink and you'll miss it, but The Parlor in central Phoenix is worth seeking out.It was just as busy when I went there a couple months ago as it was when I checked it out almost 3 years ago, with a half-hour wait for two at 8:30 p.m. on a Friday night. If you do have to wait, the twinkly light-lit patio is a pretty place to hang out since it's surrounded by a garden that provides ingredients for the restaurant, and the patio is also a romantic secluded area you should try to score a seat on if you can. The bar area is also cool, with close quarters (you might be at the same long table as another party) and a single television displaying whatever sports game is on.The Parlor the restaurant is housed in a former beauty parlor, with evidence of a hair drying station placed in the women's bathroom. Other than that, you'd never look at The Parlor as anything different than a cool eatery, ever-busy with hipster servers and high-quality food on seasonal menus.Pizza is a specialty here (the owner's family also owns Nello's in Ahwatukee), and it's really affordable and really tasty. If you're planning on eating one yourself, definitely order an 8-incher-that's more than enough food to keep you full. I built my own with goat cheese and mixed olives ($10), and I liked the thin, soft middle with the thick and crispy crust.My companion ordered the veal raviolini ($13.50), which came with a ginger carrot puree and peas and baby carrots. He said the concept was surprising to him, but it worked. The pasta is all made in-house, and he really liked it.The drinks at The Parlor are just as good as the food. The Jalisco Sunrise ($10) is a spicy concoction of roasted serrano infused Corzo tequila, pink grapefruit, cilantro and lime and is a great desert drink because of the spice-the grapefruit really balances it out well, though.I also love the Cucumber Lemonade ($8), a refreshing mix of cucumber, lemon and Hendrick's. It's strong but doesn't taste like it.The Parlor is wonderful in so many ways-drinks, food and atmosphere. Just be prepared to valet your car, and arrive earlier than you'd like to sit down.
4	Excellent wood-fired thin crust pizza, nice trendy ambience and the bar area was pretty cool as well, they have complementary valet parking. Away from main Scottsdale downtown though.
5	Apparently the first week of July is holiday for a lot of local restaurants. The Main Ingredient, Astor house, and The Roosevelt were all closed last week. Bummer. So for lunch my friend suggested we try The Parlor. I love, love, love pizza so how could I resist? I actually missed it when I was driving around. I practically live in this part of town and I have never seen this place. Who am I? Okay its east of Armadillo Grille and West of the drive for an apartment complex. Good luck. Walk in and the feel is amazing! This place used to be a salon and there are photos of the shop along the walls and a 50's dryer in the ladies room! Not to mention you pass the herb garden as you walk in. Patio looks quaint and romantic. Though it was far to hot to sit outside I would in cooler months for sure. The inside is spacious and the tables are set pretty far apart. I appreciate that. High ceilings and subtle lighting. Very classy. Morgan was our server and she was fast and friendly and talkative. She also helped us with our meal and desert selections. My friend and I split the pesto pizza and the duck club with fries! Then for desert we had the Zepole with the house-made butterscotch and the chile mascarpone... This was probably my favorite part of the meal and I LOVE the way Morgan described it to us before ordering! She said it's like a really amazing cornbread and a donut hole had a baby! She was right on the money! So good.If you love local CenPho restaurants this place is a must try!XoReese
5	The only thing that could make this place better is if Betty White walked into this former beauty parlor looking for a perm and staying for a beer. I mean there is over 400 reviews what more can I add? The food is awesome. We went with the corn pizza add bacon add chicken....ya we did it and it was amazing!The service is great ,the atmosphere is cool and the pizza rivals the overrated Mr. Bianco. The only down side is everyone knows how good this is so make sure you plan ahead you could be faced with a well worth it wait.
5	We have been to The Parlor twice now, it's quickly becoming a regular!  I am a vegetarian and found that this place offers just enough options.  I got the roasted corn pizza the first time we went which was delicious - just the right amount of sauce and a little kick!  Today I got the Zucca which had a more subtle flavor profile but was absolutely delicious!  My husband got the salsiccia both times so you know he loved it! We also got the sweet corn zeppole for dessert both times as they are absolutely incredible and my new favorite dessert!  We tried a few cheeses before our meal today - for $6 we got a piece of toasted soft summer cheese from California and a hard espresso cheese from Wisconsin with 4 pieces of rosemary flatbread and pesto/chutney for dipping.  SO well worth it - my husband and I both had a cheese-gasm with our first bites of both cheeses.  I can't recommend this place more highly - the service was fast and friendly both times we've been there and the food is killer!
1	Food was pretty good but the service was terrible. Server was unprofessional and came back after everyone had paid and asked for a better tip. I've been in the service industry for 8 years and have never ever seen such a thing. Will not be returning.
5	Another great review! We went last Friday night and were seated pretty quickly. I was instantly impressed with the beer selection and prices, very nice. We were a party of three and shared a charcuterie to start, the farmers cheese is a highlight as well as the tomato jam spread they serve with it, very good. We shared the Calabrian and Salsiccia pizzas, they were both delicious and very different. The spicy salumi on the Calabrian was complemented well with the creaminess of the burrata, and it was all set off by the freshness of the watercress. The Salsiccia has a nice earthiness from the sage and sausage blend, all brought together by a balsamic drizzle. The highlight was the stone fruit crostada for dessert,I want one right now. A perfect combination of flavors and textures, really phenomenal!I can't end the review without mentioning how great the service was. Friendly, knowledgable and willing to offer great suggestions.
3	The place loses a star due to the insane parking situation.  The Valet is a mess and cars are parked on top of each other.  We literally waited 15 minutes for a valet to pick up our car that was no more then 15 yards from where my dollar soaked hand was waiting.  To top it off the dude broke my window.Please, Parlor, get your parking situation fixed.  You are a good dining option but not worth the hassle created by the gridlock outside.
5	So after driving by this place dozens of times, a few friends and I decided to check it out and this place doesn't disappoint. Super tasty pizzas, great atmosphere, and great service. They have a bunch of specialty pizzas made with their own cheese blend and super fresh ingredients..place is spacious with big booths and tables. Cant wait to get back here to try all the other pizzas.
5	I came here for my birthday dinner a couple weeks ago (happy birthday to me!) because I heard a lot of good things about it. The have a little garden outside with things like basil which was nice to know that they grow some of their ingredients. I had the Spinach salad with no bacon and vinaigrette on the side, always remember to ask for dressing on the side because anywhere I order a salad it's an over kill! I really did enjoy the Spinach Salad though, very fresh and it's my kind of food! I also had the Cauliflower Gratinata which was pretty good! A little too heavy for me but I do recommend it! Staff is friendly and food is delicious, what else can we ask for! (Only the bathrooms kind of scare me because I expect someone to be sitting in the salon chair when I walk out of the stall....)
4	I'll start off like this, there was a short time to wait, the atmosphere was nice, and if you are on a date the set you up with this amazing 1 pizza and a bottle or wine/pitcher of beer deal for $35 AND its good pizza, and I don't like pizza but it was delicious.  The ONLY drawback is the extremely small parking lot, part of it which is shared with the neighboring bar, so try not to be too fashionable and late or you'll be walking a country mile.
4	Love Parlor. It's like Positinos, but with substantial food. The restaurant has a mini herb garden out front which they use for all their dishes. You just can't go wrong with any of the picks here. On top of that too, the wine and beer selection is pretty top notch.
5	Wow...where has this place been all my life? Or at least since I moved to Phoenix :) By far and away the best pie I've had in the Valley. At Yelp's suggestion, we tried out this joint with another couple and we all had a great experience. Our wait on a Friday night was only about 15 minutes and during the short interim, we hit up the bar for some drinks. After being seated, our very friendly server explained the specials and took our orders. Between the four of us, we ordered olives, Caesar salads, funghi, BBQ chicken and Yukon gold pizzas. Holy schmoly were they good. It is difficult to find crust like that and you can tell they have the right type of oven to make an amazing pie. The large pizza is plenty big for two people and the pizza my husband and I split (the funghi) was ahhhhhmazing. The flavors were bold, rich and oh so satisfying. The quality of food at this restaurant warrants much higher prices than what they charge. Affordable+delicious+great service = a returning patron.
4	Yeah- go there. It is good. The drinks are pretty good, the atmosphere is great. Unlike a lot of restaurant/bars The parlor is not too loud, so it is a great place to break up with your girlfriend if you want to tell her all the reasons why. I only gave it 4 stars because I thought the drinks were a little soft for the price. P.S. FOOD IS GREAT! Have the duck sandwich, you won't regret it.
5	The food was fantastic! The beet salad without cheese to start and an 8 in Build Your Own pizza (no-cheese, marinara in place of the cheesy pizza sauce) with local olives, arugula, basil and fresh garlic was delicious! The tea was tasty, the service was fast and attentive. I can't wait to go again.
3	Nice ambiance and great service!The food we ordered was a bit hit or miss. In hindsight, we may have missed the boat by not ordering their specialty, pizza. The roasted cauliflower with cheese sauce was a bit salty, but very good. The roasted beet and arugula salad was ok. A bit under seasoned with dressing, and the arugula ratio was a bit much. The bone marrow appetizer was bland. The mussels in chorizo both were very flavorful, but a bit too spicy, the mussels were a little overcooked. I wasn't crazy about the cheesy thick focaccia-like bread served on the side with everything.  My mojito was refreshing and very good. My friend ordered a burger and enjoyed it. She ordered a drink that she had on a previous visit and said it tasted completely different. She told the server, but in the end...wasn't able to figure it out what was different.I liked the ambiance and overall service, so I'd give The Parlor another try and order pizza and drinks next time.
4	The atmosphere in here is great. The pizza was good but not great. We also had a salad which was very good. I dig it....
5	Amazing food and great atmosphere! This is our go to place in Central Phoenix!
4	Yummmmmyyyy! That was pretty much the only thought in my head the entire drive home from The Parlor. I have been to several adorable restaurants recently, they all had decent food and a good atmosphere. This, however, exceeded my expectations without exceeding my budget. We started off with some cheeses and meats. They are served along side a delicious flat bread and two dipping sauces (pesto and fruit salsa). The pesto was SO fresh the basil must have come directly from the immense garden they have flourishing outside! Every single thing I put in my mouth was delicious, including the wine. The PIZZA though, the PIZZA was to die for! The cheese was perfect, the crust soft, crispy and little sweet, and the ingredients all complimented each other so well. I cannot wait to go back and try a different concoction. I would definitely come back even just to have some wine and appetizers at the bar though.The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because the service could have been a tad better. It wasn't bad at all, just could have been a bit more attentive is all.
5	I love these guys!  I've been to The Parlor over 20 times and each time have had exceptional service and food.  Their mushroom pizza is one of my favorites!Highly recommended!!
5	First time and Phoenix and we felt it was important to try a high rated restaurant. The Parlor was on the "Best of" list for pizza, and I believe they are right. The pizza was fresh and savory. The crust was perfect, it was the best part. We ordered 3 pizzas, Margarita, pepperoni and bacon, and Sausage with pineapple. The Margarita was my favorite, fresh tart tomatoes, salty mozzarella, and delicious basil. In my opinion it had to little basil but it was still tasty. The other pizzas came with their house blend of cheeses but it made the pizzas greasy. They are stingy on their toppings, very little bacon and pineapple. The ambiance was soothing, the server was polite. Would go back if I ever get to phoenix again.
5	This place gets packed and for good reason. Great crowd, great menu, and the food is outstanding. They're known for their pizzas, so we went ahead and ordered the first one on the menu - the roasted corn. A little birdie told us to order it special with bacon and blue cheese, and holy crap that isht was GOOD!Our bartender Tony was also really cool and, despite the place being crazy busy, he was great about letting us taste some of the wines before selecting which ones we wanted. I suspect it might've been because my friend is super hot and was feature dancing while we were in town, but hey, I'm not complaining!Seriously though, It's the kind of place I'd love to come back to and try the rest of the menu. If for some strange reason I ever end up back in Phoenix, I'll definitely be back at The Parlor.
5	The Parlor, I loved it in so many ways because they take care of you on all levels, food, service & it's a nice spot to hang with your friends. Thanks Yelp, I would not have known of this place if it was not for you & my fellow Yelpers. Yep, as good as it gets for sure.
5	The best italian in arizona.Everything is made fresh to order in house.The attitude of the servers is wonderful to behold.This has become our #1 favorite place to dine in the greater scottsdale phoenix area.Kudos to all of the team!!Sara & Michael
5	Let me preface by saying that I'm not a desk jockey that writes reviews on restaurants based on portion size, wait time and how important they made me feel. It's about the food! My credentials are: 10 years back of the house fine dining experience and 6 years dining professionally as a fine wine distributor.I've never had a bad meal at The Parlor and generally find myself talking for days about whatever the latest seasonal menu item I've tried is. That said, any restaurant  is destined to have an inconsistency now and then...  It's just never happened to me here. Let me get to the point. I'm a very adventurous eater but now and then when I find a classic dish that is executed in superb fashion, I'll fall back to it time and time again.THE PARLOR MAKES THE BEST CAESAR SALAD IN THE VALLEY. It's such a simple preparation yet somehow 95% of valley restaurants do something to screw it up. They either deconstruct it and make it a chore to eat or put there own twist on it that completely takes it out of the realm of what a caesar salad is. How arrogant. Too all other PHX restaurants: Just because you use romaine doesn't make it a Caesar. Lesson:Caesar Salad = Chopped or torn Romaine hearts, Creamy parmesan and anchovy emulsion, fresh toasted (and seasoned) croutons and some shaved Parmigiano Reggiano.THANK YOU PARLOR PIZZERIA FOR KEEPING IT REAL!
5	Great local gem !
5	JACKPOT!A friend had told us about The Parlor a few years ago. Apparently we have been quite the slackers. We finally stopped in two weeks ago and it was outstanding.Ambiance: love itService: attentive, friendlyFood: great menu with plenty of enticing optionsCocktails: superbI ordered the Jalisco Sunrise. The perfect margarita with serrano infused tequila. Brilliant! Not too sweet. Spicy. Delicious.Husband and I couldn't decide what to order AT ALL so we asked the server for recommendations and went with the Roasted Corn pizza and Parsnip Gnudi to share. The pizza crust was light and fluffy on the inside, just crisp enough on the outside. If I could describe the flavors in this particular pizza as both light and rich then I would. (I can do what I want? Light and rich it is!) Oddly, I felt the same about the gnudi. If you want to eat til you're stuffed, I would recommend either ordering one more thing or choosing a more hearty dish. With plenty of room for dessert we asked the server to surprise us. He brought out the  Pasticcino: warm, flaky crust filled with fig compote (just sweet enough) and was accompanied by their dark cherry ice cream (rich, tart, and sweet). It kind of reminded me of a fancy toaster strudel. We enjoyed the dessert but would probably try something different next time. We also ordered two cups of coffee to go with dessert. The coffee here is from Lux. It was brought to the table in a french press and it was terrific! A single french press (just $3) was plenty for the two of us...talk about a good deal.The Parlor is great for a quiet dinner date or a night out with friends. I can't wait to come back here!
5	Best Italian food in Phoenix.  The pizza is great but don't miss the pasta on the menu it's always great
5	What a fantastic tuna sandwich (Sicilian Tuna Melt: preserved Sicilian tuna, capers, olives, cheddar, Romesco [sauce], arugula, $10.50) with salad. Very useful for a quick to-go lunch, though a bit higher priced than the average. Great atmosphere; I look forward to eating here and to ordering the pizza.
4	I have been needing to write this for a while but been in the hospital and sick so this is a month late. So back in October I decided I needed a little bit of a change from the usual pizza joints my family and I go to. I had seen this place on TV (Check Please) and it looked pretty good. Oh my Hannah Montana this place is banging like a biscuit. I have pictures which I will add later but I do recommend this place for a date and for a chill night out. This place is cozy, quaint and very delish so come hungry and you will leave happy.
5	We went here last night and this is our second time! Both times have been outstanding! We had a pitcher of the peaks seasonal beer and it was delicious! They were very accommodating about us wanting to watch a basketball game on the television. The pepperoni pizza is just divine along with the Caesar salad and cheese plate. The service was amazing and the atmosphere was laid back yet had a busy buzz with people after their long days of working. I always recommend this place to everyone I know! Will be back soon!
4	Totally agree with the average rate of 4 stars!Let's start with the location. Although parking is bad, there's some relieve with the valet.  The decor is great, the bar is super cool and in general no complaints at all about the lay out, ambiance, etc.The food is good but not great. A little hit and miss (between good and very good).The fritto misto was good, the calamari were great, not greasy at all. The shrip were good as well. The dipping sauce could be better/different though. In my opinion it doesn't go with the dish.The roasted beet salad was pretty good but a little too much onion. The agnolotti were interesting but forgettable. It seems that all the food is good but nothing to say "wow" besides the desert. The sweet potato cheesecake is out of this world. I would go there just for that!I almost forgot. The kids spaghetti with meat sauce is great. I might order this the next time. The serving is pretty generous so an appetizer and this plus the cheesecake and you'll be pretty happy.Definitely a must if your not waiting to be impressed with food. A great place to become a regular.As a side note it seems that they had an overstock of kale at the kitchen. It was everywhere.Enjoy!
5	Last night was my 2nd visit to this place in 3 years which is far too long between visits.  I love love love this place.  The decor, service, and food are all top notch. Here is the rundown of our meal:Roasted Brussels Sprouts = excellentCaesar Salad = excellentMozzarella en Corrozza (Crispy House Made Mozzarella) Salad = excellentRoasted Corn Pizza = excellentPesto Pizza = excellentFunghi Pizza = excellentPepperoni Pizza = excellentI literally cannot say enough good things about the food here.  I could write a page on each one of the pizzas, but then I would get hungry and carbs are my enemy.The only thing that fell short was the Arancine (Crispy Saffron Risotto).  It was a fried ball of risotto with marinara sauce.  It was just ok to me.Can't wait to return.
5	Truly great pizza, truly truly great.  The pork belly appetizer and the chicken are just ok, but the pizza is awesome.  I got goat cheese and speck, I have been here several times and would recomend the pizza to anybody.
5	A friend brought me here and everything I had was excellent. We ordered the roasted brussels sprouts, roasted corn pizza and a meat/cheese ravioli with some sort of cranberry sauce (it was a special). All were super delicious. I also recommend the peppered pear martini. I'd go back in a heartbeat, I want to try everything else on the menu!Also, the valet parking is super handy since the parking lot is so small. I'm happy to hand over my keys and let someone else take care of it.
4	Mmmmmmm pizza.  We came here for girlfriend lunch on a Tuesday and sat at a table in the bar.  It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be at lunchtime near the busy Biltmore business area.  The space is beautiful, keeping true to many of the designs of mid-century buildings found in this area of town with a modern update.  The pizza was great.  We shared a pepperoni that was definitely cooked in a fire oven.  Delicious!  What has had me craving since that visit, however, was a starter.  We shared a cauliflower gratinata.  Yeah, that's right.  I'm craving CAULIFLOWER.  The veggies are baked with cheese and breadcrumbs.  It's just like old fashioned macaroni and cheese, but with a little bit of nutritional value to it.  All that cheese counteracts any good the cauliflower would give your body; but my reasoning suggests the lack of pasta makes this dish an awesome healthier alternative to the old comfort food staple. I'm hooked and will be back for dinner when I can enjoy some wine with my pizza and cauliflower.
4	A friend recommended this place and so I decided to try it for lunch. I ordered the Roasted Corn pizza and it was delicious. The atmosphere here is very nice and I would definitely recommend this place to others. My friend had the Margherita and he thought it was ok. Although I disagree. Only negative here is the service. For some reason, it was incredibly slow, even though the place was not that busy. We had to wait for 30 minutes after we were done to get the check and another 20 min to find a pen that worked to sign them. Maybe this was an off day. Overall great pizza and good atmosphere.
5	Great beer on tap. Delicious pizza, appetizers, and food. Small parking lot so you usually valet at peak hours.
5	My wife's work had their Christmas party here last night. Although the customer service was slow and average at best, the food was outstanding. I had a burger and my wife the steak salad. I was the DD, but my wife said the margaritas were excellent. Dessert was tiramisu and sweet potato cheesecake. Great little place with a nice vibrant ambiance.
4	Tried this place for the first time.  I had the gnudi and it was really good.  It had lots of veggies and great flavor.  The atmosphere was nice too.  I'll be back!
4	I was looking forward to another establishment this evening but due to some street fair I was unable to get in but it lead me to the Parlor and I am sooo glad it did.  The vibe was perfect and very cool but quaint and friendly.  A great crowd on this night, the staff was very helpful and friendly and ther service was great.  The food was amazing as were the prices and the wine.  Overall great experience.  The only thing, the parking lot is so tiny and hardly any available and only option was to valet and I'm not a big fan of that.
5	I love this place! I've been here multiple times before, but there was a big drought between the first couple of times I was here and the most recent times I did go there. This hits all my buttons- chic, urban decor, excellent, unique, seasonal food, friendly wait staff and reasonable prices. This place is known for their pizzas. They do a great thin crust, and have well mastered even the basics like margherita (absolutely delicious). They also have cooler, more uncommon options for those of y'all who are like me, and are addicted to the new and the different. I've had the Funghi (sucker for mushrooms and truffle oil), the Speck (ricotta, olive tapenade and speck) and the Yukon (potatoes! On a pizza! Too cool!), all of which are great. And this is across 3 or so years, since as mentioned I went there a few times a couple of years ago and then just recently twice in a short span of time. So they're very consistent in their quality as well. I've only just recently tried their pasta. And lamented why, oh why did I wait so long?! The one that truly wowed me was their seasonal item, the vegetable gnudi. It had soft, fluffy, quarter sized gnudi/gnocchi, swimming in this incredible sweet potato and squash broth, that had brussel sprouts and a couple of other vegetables that I can't remember. I wasn't entirely keen on getting it- after all, their version of the carbonara sounded so much more tempting! But I'm working on losing weight and so went for the healthier option. And O.M.G. It's sad they don't have this all year around, because both me and my husband were blown away. This was sweet and savory and silky and rich, and had just enough gnudi in there to really fill you up. No sharing this puppy, no sirree. (Well, maybe with the husband, but I love him and he's paying for my meal.) Their appetizers also are pretty great. I've had the Arancine, which are deep fried risotto balls. They're really awesome, crispy and rich all at the same time. And their roasted brussel sprouts were to die for. It had bacon and caramelized onions and I practically inhaled it all.Cocktails are great too. I wish I could remember what I got, but I'm looking at the menu now and I'm positive it's not on there, so the cocktail menu is seasonal and does change, which is awesome. They're very unique combinations, and if you're stumped just ask the wait staff. They haven't steered me wrong yet. So yeah, the food is great. Couple of cons- Parking. It's iffy. I would say bring a bit of cash and be prepared to take advantage of the complimentary valet. It's better than attempting to find a spot, failing, and having to go back and try to navigate the Camelback Rd traffic. The place is also a bit hard to find. If you're coming from the west, always watch out for the Data Doctor's sign. Then get into the turn lane right away! It's riiiiight after that. They also don't take reservations. I've not had a huge issue, but for truly enormous groups it can be a bit of a pain. Fairly minor though, considering how great this place is. Definitely on the rotation of places I love to go to.
5	Great service as soon as you walked into the door, as well as when you leave. The decor was very cute, wooden beams and exposed steel, for those who like contemporary (me!). There were three of us, and we each got the soup special of the day (salmon chowder). I was skeptical, I like my salmon either smoked or sushi raw, but this was delicious! My the soup was served with a slice of foccacia bread.We split the beet salad and the pesto pizza. The beet salad was refreshing. The only thing i would do differently is have the goat cheese ball (served on the side of the salad) warmed up. Nothing beats warm goat cheese! The pesto pizza was great as well! Had that nice brick-oven-taste to it (thin crust -not burnt, not too thin). This would be a great place for a 1st date luncheon, business lunch, etc!
4	Nice place for lunch with a friend or with a small group for dinner, been here many times for both.  Great salads!  Expect to stay a while and relax.  Have not had anything from the menu that was less than expected.  Good service.  Decent prices.
5	My husband and I LOVE the pizza. He went with the mushroom & ricotta pizza and I went with the build-your-own. For dessert we ordered the tiramisu, it had a pine nut brittle. FANTASTIC. We can't wait to go back.Our waitresses personality was a little lackluster, but the food more than made up for it.
4	The prices were a tiny bit high for this otherwise seemingly average lunch spot, but execution and ambiance were great. All in all, I thought it was slightly better than A-OK. However, a friend has a rather hilarious story about being shooshed by the bartender who paradoxically insisted that he was not tending a "bar" as he scolded my friend's group. To experience this shooshing, I might just have to return someday and try to ruin the Parlor's beloved ambiance. Eh, maybe not, but I'm keeping this option open.
4	I love the food and atmosphere of the parlor!  The servers are really friendly and provide great service even when they are busy.  I had the pesto pasta which was really tasty and the budino for dessert which was delicious.  My only complaint is that I think the drink prices are a bit on the high side compared to other similar restaurants in central Phoenix.
5	Loved this place, sat outside for drinks and pizza and it was great. Service as wonderful and food was impeccable. Will be going here again!
5	Just. Excellent. I left in a satisfied coma, reminiscing about everything I had just eaten-- the meat and cheese spread with fresh, soft flat bread, the amazing olives (I bet they grow them!), the insalata, and the amazing cocktails!Basically, I am dumb for passing this place by for years before finally going in. Behind the star shaped cinder block exterior is a heart of gold (and pizza!).
4	After a long roadtrip through the desert, my boyfriend and I stopped here at the recommendation of a friend.  We we really hungry, and decided to give this place a shot.I highly recommend the meat and cheese plate to start.  We got to choose the items off of a small menu; we decided on  speck, calibrese salami, fenugreek gouda, bratta, and roasted olives.  This anti-pasti was excellent!  Not only were the meat and cheese selections delicious and unique, it came with warm, fragrant flatbread, savory pesto, and sweet pepper compote.  Very filling.Shortly afterwards, we received our entrees.  I ordered the mushroom ravioli, while the boyfriend got the venison sausage pasta dish.  The in-house made mushroom ravioli was perfectly balanced and savory, with great texture because of the minced chesnut and goat cheese filling.  It sat atop a cheesy bechamel sauce with a watercress garnish.  So good.  The bf wasn't all too impressed with the venison sausage pasta dish, mainly because they broke the sausage into bits, and burned the crap out of it, only to sprinkle it with some breadcrumbs over the handmade pasta. The portions and prices were just right.  The decor is modern, hip, and cozy.  All in all a good place to eat.
3	This place is just a Meh in my book. The mixed drink selection is amazing, and better than the food, in my opinion. The food is good, but the portions are tiny (and I'm not a big eater), and the wait for a table, even during the week, can be frustratingly long. Not the best pizza in town, but not terrible either.
5	Best Pizza in town
5	The Parlor has now become my favorite pizza place in town. I live and die by the Puttanesca pizza. Oh, and I highly recommend trying the cheese plate; I love being able to select my own cheeses.
4	Great beer list with lots of microbrews. Pizza is to die for. Parking is a hassle. Service is excellent and the herb garden out front is a nice touch.
3	Lunch was a hit! We decided on The Parlor over St. Francis today just because I had been hearing so many great reviews. I wanted to check it out for myself! My guest ordered the steak panzanella salad with delicious focaccia croutons! The steak was dressed with a romesco sauce and was delicious. The flat iron steak was prepared, just as recommended, medium rare. I ordered the funghi 8" pizza. The perfect size for one or for a lunch meal. The mushrooms were a great blend of different types and prepared perfectly. Roasted, the mushrooms were still firm but cooked as well. I said goodbye to the soggy mushrooms in my life a long time ago. The flavor of goat cheese was a great compliment to the truffle oil and mushrooms on this dish. Although the pizza was a bit greasy, it was still flavorful and I had no problem devouring the whole thing!  Continuing my quest for restaurants and bars with the best Moscow Mule's, I opted for a cocktail with lunch. With expectations high for my drink, I was let down when my drink was brought out in a bar glass. Where's the copper mug? I enjoyed the cocktail but I prefer the traditional mule in the cup!
3	Meh.
5	Cas on the date night pizza Parlor. This is the place. I love this Camelback place. Has a cute outdoor fireplace. Cool microbrews; nice wines. Best part... trendy eats. Antipasto...meat and cheese platters. All things I love on date nights. Pizzas are singular, in case your down with the funghi and he's all in for the meaty. Sandwiches, pastas, salads are very robust. Cut to dessert..or don't.. like me.. I drink my wine for dessert. Awesome staff to recommend what you may or may not know. No rush service. Trendy, vibrant ambience. Lively like it should be for the trendy area it is. So yummy. I was a pig pigster and ordered an extra singledom and took one home last time for the next day!
5	My first visit to "The Parlor".  Stopped in for a late lunch yesterday and snagged a table outside on the patio.  We both ordered the spinach salad.  It was loaded with bacon, tomatoes, white cheese, avocado and garnished with a sliced hard boiled egg.  Added roasted chicken which made it a meal in itself.  Our beer was served ice cold and that's good because that is how I like my beer.  Bottom line, this place is great.  I can't wait to return for another salad and to sample something new. Price point is a bit high but you get what you pay for:$27 for two wonderful salads (yum)$6 for adding roasted chicken$5 Guinness$4 Sierra Nevada Pale AleTotal lunch $45
4	AWESOME! First time visitor and was not disappointed at all!!  I love it when older buildings are re-purposed. This mid-century modern building used to be a beauty parlor - and is now a pizza parlor! Of course they have other offerings in addition to pizza, but I love how they've kept the 'parlor' theme alive. Anyway, I digress. It was a beautiful evening so we sat outside. I kind of wished we had sat inside because the atmosphere looked great - that and we had a very loud man sitting next to us which was a bit distracting. But I digress.We started off with the roasted beet salad which was very yummy. I was expecting red beets, but during this visit, they were golden beets. No matter - delish all the same. Practically licked the plate - now that would've been embarrassing! Although the pizza offerings looked good, we created our own. Fresh tomatoes, garlic, sausage, basil, spinach...and it was downright good!  Our server recommended the Paraiso Pinot Noir and she was spot on.  We are anxious to return and try one of the pasta dishes...and more of the Pinot Noir. Great place - and the complimentary valet parking is a bonus.
5	This place was amazing. It was a bit chilly out so we waited for an indoor table, about 15 mins. My only complaint would be that the music was a bit too loud to hear someone not talking over it. The duck burger was amazing. The drinks are too. Get the Old Fashioned.
5	I don't know what can be said about this place that hasn't already been said.  This is just great pizza in general.   My favorite part is checking out their garden by the front door.  Maybe one day my own garden will compare to theirs.  OK now back to the food.  I get the meat and cheese plate every time.  Always good.  I have only ran into one pizza I didn't like.  It's called the Manzo.  I wouldn't say it was bad, just a little too different for my tastes.  I've had 7 other  pizzas on the menu and I would order all of them again.Go check out the parlor, you wont be disappointed
5	There is nothing more satisfying than being unsure what to expect and walking away from the experience like it has been planned for a longgggggg time.  Such was the experience at The Parlor this Valentine's Day. Peg and I literally called the restaurant from 4 minutes away and were invited to come in...there were two empty tables. We were fortunate to have one available after a 2 minute wait, and were seated at an out of the way quiet place to enjoy the evening and each other. I had the Bestia Tutta (sp) (Whole Animal) special (primi through dessert) and Peg had the fritto misto, farm green salad (smaller portion) and a pasta carbonera which was insanely good. From the first course of my "all pork, all the time" dinner, things were just incredbile. Paul made the journey wonderful and his service was stellar. A friend (Dusty) who we met yearssssssssss ago at The Painted Horse has been working The Parlor for 2 1/2 years. He stopped by and said hello....he was fabulous then, and he hasn't lost a beat.  The whole experience at The Parlor was superb....and the next time we go..we may actually plan ahead...but the odds aren't really favoring that!  If you haven't tried this gem, we would highly recommend it!  Dr. B
5	It is always a pleasure for me to go to this place. I don't know for sure to what extent they use local and/or organic ingredients, but it definitely tastes like they do and the wood-fire method makes the crust taste out of this world. Usually I sit at the bar and the service there has always been good. The bartenders are attentive and approachable, but don't hover or come off as obtrusive. I've also sat away from the bar area where you can watch them make the pizzas and at the patio too with no real major differences or issues. I like that they only have one tv and that it's in the bar area with no sound on so that you can follow the game as much or as little as you want without it dominating the social scene in front of you. The music played throughout is always interesting in an off the beaten path sort of way and never one type. It's just a variation of Pandora stations they play. Genre's that stick out to me when I've gone are big band, delta blues, new age, and techno. The lighting is great too and they like to use candles when the sun goes down. I'm very price conscious and even on a more liberal order for me with lots of ingredients on an 8" pizza and a good beer it's difficult to break $20. Usually on my order I'll skip the beer, get a club soda instead, go conservative on ingredients, and it comes out closer to $15, give or take .50 cents (tax and tip included) and still walk away completely full and satisfied. While $15 isn't necessarily dirt cheap, considering the quality of the food and the experience, it's far better than you'd get for a similar price elsewhere. To me it's just a consistently pleasant experience in every aspect every time I go. On balmy days sometimes they'll open the wall that separates the patio from the inside.
5	Fabulous pizza, love  the pepperoni  and sausage. Great Caesar salad and the tiara ash! The best I have ever had. Great service. Go early for dinner or there is a long wait. Easier to get in for lunch.
2	Brought my friend in who has a very bad gluten allergy to wheat.  He wanted to try a burger wrapped in romaine lettuce.  YOU REFUSED TO DO A SIMPLE THING AS WRAP A BURGER IN ROMAINE?  You add bread crumbs to your meat patties and bread your french frys in wheat breading?  Walked out because of your unwillingness to bring one piece of romaine lettuce on the side. Drop the attitude - it's not pretty.
4	Went in with a few friends the other night.  Our server was nice but I wish he had been a little more enthusiastic when we asked what his favorites were on the menu.  The bruschetta was the best thing we had and we had four courses.  The food was good, don't get me wrong.  My issue was not with the flavor of the dishes (the toppings and seasonings were great) but more so the foundation of the food.  The crust of the two pizzas we had and the texture of the two pastas.  Just was expecting a little bit more of an approach that would set them apart.  Although dessert definitely satisfied my sweet tooth.Overall I think this place would be great for happy hour and some girl talk and plan to do so again.  The patio is inviting and the ambiance is vibrant.  However, if you are looking for authenticity in the Italian dishes offered, I'd recommend they work on getting back to the basics.
5	Without a Doubt The Very Best Pizza in Town.There are higher profile over-hyped places in this town to wait to get in, and then treated like you need to finish and go. The Parlor is so far from that! Service is part moms house part Ritz Carlton. It's the most profesional and well trained staff I have ever come across. The place seems to run so smooth that you hardly notice the exceptional service from ALL sides. Never have I been treated so well, and so well guided through a menu, meal and dining experience in any restaurant, anywhere.What won my heart was the food, solid appitizers, salads, and solid wine list and OMG the pizzas! well they are serving up the very best pizzas in town. On Saturday night I tried a few and all were simply bliss, perfection, and delicious!I just doesnt and I dont believe it could be any better then The Parlor... The very best restaurant in town!!!
5	Yum!A friend brought me here to celebrate  my birthday, and it was wonderful!  We had the Yukon gold potato pizza, and it was incredible.  The spinach salad we also shared was the best I've ever had.  It was a beautiful day, so we enjoyed sitting on the patio.  What a great place tucked away where I wouldn't have found it myself!
4	4.1/5 stars - Often rated the best pizza in Phoenix, there are better.
4	I love this spot. The menu is so good that it is hard to choose what to order, but the spinach salad and pesto pizza are my faves. Service usually good, but my last visit caused me to drop a star.
5	We've gone to this restaurant a number of times and always have a terrific experience.  We are always seated right away, with water brought almost immediately.  The service is great, with the servers at the ready to answer any questions.  Another thing about every server we've had here is that they keep their eyes on the table and notice right away if we're motioning for their help.  Very attentive service, to say the least.This last time, I had my usual, which is a Funghi Pizza:  Roasted Mushrooms/Goat Cheese/Truffle Oil and Chives.  Crispy and delicious as is always the case.  My husband had the Spicy Barbecue Chicken Pizza:  House Made Barbecue Sauce/Provolone/Cilantro/Grilled Scallions/Serrano Chilies.  We shared both pizzas and both were very good.  The crust is so good and is thin and crispy.I must mention that their salads are delicious as well.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I have been back to The Parlor a few times since my last review, and, I must say, it is pretty flippin fantastic. I LOVE the make your own pizza sheets and I LOVE that you get basil and other fresh herbs at no charge...that is how it should be. The perfect pizza (for me) is basil, garlic, bacon, goat cheese, roasted veg, and arugula. Ohhhh yesss! So wonderful. Just thinking about it right now makes me want to go there immediately. The best part is you can make a small pizza just for yourself and don't have to share with anyone AND it is big enough to have leftovers the next day.... love the leftovers. I think of all the pizza places in Phoenix right now, this may be my absolute favorite....I mean....this place is terrible.....please don't go here so I don't have to wait in line :-D
3	Yummy!  Had the funghi pizza and it was delicious.  Lower stars because husband hated,I mean really hated his lamb sandwich.  Whinged all the way home about having to brush and floss his teeth to get the horrible taste out of his mouth.
5	Fabulous pizza, love  the pepperoni  and sausage. Great Caesar salad and the the best ingredients. ! The best I have ever had. Great service. Go early for dinner or there is a long wait. Easier to get in for lunch. If you go after 5:30 there will be an hour wait. Best time to go is between 2 and 5 pm
3	The pesto pizza was very good, the potato pizza was pretty bland.
4	It was called the "Puttanesca". Translate that from Italian into English and you'll come up with "whore's style". She may be a whore, but this whore has got good taste.Rock shrimp, calamari, capers, olives, fennel, spicy tomato sauce on a really good thin crust doesn't sound much like a working girl's version of a pizza to me, but I will be hard pressed to order something else when I come back. I would be kicked out of the club if they hear that I approved of cheese with seafood, so don't tell anyone.
5	a hidden gem in Phoenix. Add it to your list! Everything is always so fresh and we have yet to leave disappointed.
5	Mmm, Parlor. Delicious pizza, appetizers, and salads! Had great service every time I've visited. I recommend the patio if the weather is right, and the "bar" if you're on a date - they have the pizza oven right there, so IF your date isn't going so hot, you can watch the chefs.
5	The Parlor is 100% awesome.It is a bit hidden away but completely beautiful - comfortable but modern and funky at the same time. The entry is surrounded by greenery and white lights which sets a lovely, romantic tone. When you enter, there is a cute bar area to the right and the dining room to the left. They have a bartop at the edge of the dining room and the "Barstools" are actually like beauty parlor chairs complete with footrests - very fun! I've come in just for dessert and drinks with a girlfriend and this is the perfect place to perch :)The pizzas are amazing - thin, bubbly crust with fresh, high quality ingredients. We usually get one or two to share alongside a few additional items from the menu. A couple favorites are the Pesto (which has pine nuts - yum!), Funghi (I'd prefer that the mushrooms were more finely chopped for texture purposes, but the flavors were super good), and the Pepperoni. Now, regarding the other stuff: DUCK CLUB. Ohmygoodness-sodelicious. Duck + bacon + red wine tomato jam = super amazing flavors. Definitely order this.We've also tried a few pastas, my favorite of which was the Parsnip Gnudi with brussels sprouts and other veggies - it was served as a small stew and my 1 year old son absolutely loved it. Desserts are often interesting and they seem to change pretty regularly. We had ordered the Corn Zeppole which comes with spicy chile mascarpone and those were interesting and pretty yummy. The turtle budino was tasty, but I wished for something crunchier with it for texture.I had also had the citrus cream crepes which I didn't love as the citrus cream was a bit overpowering. I had one of their cocktails last summer (which I can't remember the name of) and it was tasty, refreshing, and a generous size. Service has always been pretty on point and accommodating, even when we've stopped in later at night. The parking situation is annoying (I hate tiny parking lots that require you to valet) and I REALLY wish they'd take reservations as the wait on weekend evenings can get a bit ridiculous.
5	Came here from out of town and just felt like a pizza, as soon as I walked in I realized this wasn't just some run of the mill "pizza joint". Once I realized I was VERY underdressed (basketball shorts and sneakers) I decided to just order take out. I was tired from driving from LA anyways wanted to eat comfortably I'm the hotel. Anyways, ordered the Uh... Siccilla pizza (please forgive my spelling its the sausage pizza) the spicy seafood linguini and the Caesar salad. The food was amazing. The flavors were perfect. The pizza was perfectly crunchy where it was supposed to be and soft where it was needed. The crust didn't over power the toppings, I've honestly never had a pizza so perfectly created. All the toppings and flavors came together so perfectly, it was AMAZING. Then, the spicy seafood linguini , very generous with the seafood ! It had clams, squid, shrimp , scallops. It looked and tasted amazing, again the flavors were all present but one did not overwhelm the other. It had the perfect balance of sauce and pasta. I could not get how amazing the sauce was . Additionally it had tiny strips of (I think) cucumber ? It added a great freshness to the dish. The salad stood out because of the sourdough croutons. Oh man, I hate sourdough bread, but these croutons were amazing. They complimented the dressing and lettuce with the best flavors.Overall I loved the food, the service I received even as a "to-go" customer was outstanding. I would definatly  come back for dinner, but I'd bring some pants and a nice shirt.
4	The Parlor is such a cute restaurant.  It's rustic and homey and the patio seating is gorgeous!  I've had the salsiccia, funghi and then my own pizza with sausage, arugula, mushrooms and basil.  The pizzas listed are a better value than the create your own pizzas in my opinion, but they're all delicious!  One surprising thing about the pizzas here is how loaded they are with toppings.  They're all fresh, and definitely not skimping on anything.  Great pizza, and the fritto misto is a great appetizer too.  Parking is sometimes hard on a busier weekend night though.
4	Born to an Italian family I'm pretty tough on Italian food. I ordered the seafood linguine and was very pleased.
4	I've been to lots of clubs in Phoenix, but the only club I talk about lately is the duck club from The Parlor. Tomato jam interests your taste buds with the duck/bacon combo and aioli (okay...fancy mayo). I'd also recommend the Parmesan fries, which aren't the best by any means but still gosh darn addictive. What I think shines here is obviously the pizza. I don't think the crust is as thoroughly cooked or tough enough to remind me of my favorite neapolitan pizzas, but when a pie topped gorgonzola and prosciutto runs at $9, I'll gladly accept it as an affordable, quasi-gourmet lunch. Wash it down with one of their groovy cocktails like "The Gentleman", with its cigar-infused bitters that taste like you're killing two vices at once. Decor and staff are also nice. I'd recommend the dimly-lit booths for a date. I'd recommend the expansive menu for foodies. I'd recommend you get the hell over here soon--some selections are seasonal, after all.
5	This place is terrific. We had the mare pizza and the potato pizza and they were both tremendous. I loved the variety of items on the mare pizza (clams, oysters, and a shrimp crema base) The cherry upside down cake we had for dessert was *amazing*. Salt mixed in lightly with baked sweets is a great combination. The mixed berry zeppole was merely ok - it was sort of like having donut holes. We also had an appetizer with asparagus done a couple different ways that was delectable.Absolutely go here if you're in the area.
5	AMAZING pizza....the sauce and sausage is soooo good.  I really enjoyed the Seafood and Tomato soup of the day
4	Dishes Sampled include:Arancine - Crispy Saffron Risotto / Pomodoro / FontinaCelebrity Chevre and "Grilled Farmer's" Goat's Milk Cheese Plate with Grilled Rosemary Flatbread, Basil Pesto and Peperonata10 inch Margherita - House Made Mozzarella / Heirloom Tomatoes / Basil / EVOODuck Club - Roasted Duck / Applewood Smoked Bacon / Red Wine Tomato Jam / Roasted Garlic Aioli and Crispy Fries"Sweet" Corn Zeppole - Brown Sugar Roasted Corn Fritters Served w/ Butterscotch & Chili MascarponeTurtle Budino - Dark Chocolate Pudding / Salted Caramel / Spicy Pecans / Pizelle Cookie...in a city where Chris Bianco made pizza famous his eponymous restaurant was unfortunately closed on July Fourth thus leading my mother and I in search of an alternative when she was craving pizza after two straight days of Mexican cuisine, a charge to which The Parlor would prove more than capable, reigning to this day as the best Margherta I've found outside of Heritage Square since moving to Phoenix - and home to some rather excellent all-around Italian food, as well.A large restaurant on Camelback; dimly lit, trendy, and crowded - particularly on a night when many were out celebrating and other restaurants were closed, our 8:00pm arrival landed us the last open two-top in the dining room and greeted by a friendly young woman named Kaelyn suggestions were made and selecting an appetizer, main course, and dessert each we thought that we had over ordered but after a long day of driving, unpacking, and finally reaching our destination in nearly 110F weather we made short work of each plate - the subtly sweet Celebrity Chevre and warm, melted "Grilled Farmer's Goat Cheese" particularly memorable amongst the first plates while the every ingredient on both the pizza and the sandwich was fresh, flavorful, and well prepared - the house made mozzarella and bright tomatoes livening up a crisp but toothsome crust and the tomato jam melding the gamey duck and briny bacon quite admirably.Moving on to desserts - I really have no excuse for not returning to The Parlor for at least some sweets since that visit in July, but it is something I'll definitely have to remedy this summer as both the doughnuts and the budino were excellent - a bit of heat added to both in order to smooth out the sweetness and textures aplenty.  Yet another of the many spaces that locals and 'food nerds' overlook I'd strongly recommend stopping by the Parlor to anyone craving a good pizza but unwilling to wait for Bianco - I'd also urge them to order dessert from one of the few places in town turning out great sweets without the assistance of Tracy Dempsey.
4	The Parlor has an excellent happy hour! They offer a very extensive menu of drinks and food on special. And they have it on Saturdays, perfect for a late lunch/early dinner kinda weekend.The boyfriend and I ordered two pizzas and an appetizer. For the app we got the cheezy cauliflower. I know for some people cauliflower isn't very appealing but this dish was amazing. It's a small dish of cauliflower baked with gooey cheese and topped with breadcrumbs. We quickly gobbled up the whole dish. So actually by the time our pizzas came we ended up not really eating that much of them (even if they were smaller, happy hour sized). We got the pepperoni and the Yukon gold. Both were tasty and the crust was done very well. I wouldn't say the pizzas were amazing but they were very good. Honestly I'd go back for the cauliflower before the pizza.The atmosphere is great. Obviously a lot of work went into the design of the restaurant and it shows. Make sure you check out the pictures near the bathroom - it shows what the place looked like when it was a salon. The naked lady wallpaper is fantastic!
3	I was so freaking excited (aroused) upon seeing (drooling over/on) The Parlor's menu that I really don't understand how the experience ended up being so "shmeh" (the technical term for the feeling of being passively disappointed but also pretty unmotivated to do anything about it.)To be fair, the pasta I had was amazing... but then they took it off the menu. Just so you know, the chestnut and sheep's milk raviolini fandango that you will never have blew my mind thrice over and now it's gone forever. Dead. Here's the part that didn't work out: the pizza. What the deuce? It's a pizza place that's supposed to have great pizza. 0/3 liked it. The tomato sauce was weird and clashed with the toppings, the crust was forgettable, and I didn't finish it. And I am a human garbage disposal in the presence of fancy pizza.Would I give The Parlor another try? Maybe probably, but I'm heading straight to the pasta department this time.
4	This place is fantastic! Love the pizza! Best in town?? Debatable...but very good nonetheless. Good beers on tap and a good wine selection. Wonderful atmosphere and great location. 4 stars!
5	Alright, now that I've been to the Parlor at least fifty times, it's time to write a review.  Yes, the Parlor is cute and the ambience and architecture are cool, but the food is nothing short of EXCELLENT every time.  Every single time, I hear myself saying, "this is amazing.  The food is always soooo good here!!!".  It really is!Yes, they have a great happy hour, but honestly, their food is reasonably priced anyway (like their entree sized seafood salad for $10...where else can you get that?!?!?!?).  If you order off the "meat and cheese" menu, they bring the meat(s) and cheese(s) on a wooden tray with pesto and jammy/salsa sauce and a bunch of home made pita bread.  It's awesome.I've had pizza, salad, pasta, lamb meatballs, and everything in between here, and everything is always just a pure pleasure to eat.  The portions are plentiful without being overwhelming, and are beautifully presented.  Their bartenders are so cool, and they will cheerfullly help you with their sizeable selection of wine and draft beers.  Yum!  Just remember that your "favorite dish" may not be there next time.  They totally switch their menu up every season, and more often than not, my favorites get botched.  There is never an issue finding new favorites, but just know this so you're not disappointed.The Parlor is a solid five stars and is really suitable for anyone (kids, elderly, and whatever we are considered to be).  I would bring my pickiest friends and family here knowing that they are going to love it as I do.  There is valet parking, but the guys are always cool about letting you park yourself, which is huge to me.
5	I was planning on writing a bad review of a different restaurant near The Parlor and the first thought that popped into my mind was that on top of many other problems, that restaurant suffers from being in relatively close proximity to Parlor.So I thought that rather than put another nail into that place (empty on a Friday at 7:30, though highly rated with a very limited # of  suspect reviews and I might still review it), I would praise Parlor and feel better about myself for it. I have been to The Parlor maybe a dozen times, maybe 20 times. Simply put, the food here is excellent. The changing menu shows creativity not done for creativity's sake, but rather for the purpose of offering excellent food. I will try food here that I've never had before, never heard of before, wouldn't ordinarily order in another restaurant. The kitchen at the Parlor simply executes as well or better than any other comparably priced places (and many, many, many higher priced restaurants). Happy Hour is an absurdly good deal.As far as recommendations, I really like the funghi pizza. Beet salads with goat cheese are usually a "been there, done that" dish, however Parlor's is the best example you will find anywhere. What you really have to try though is some of the pasta. Be adventurous and try something you've never had or wouldn't ordinarily consider. Desserts are also great.  If you're looking for Olive Garden, there is certainly one near you. If you are looking for great food and great atmosphere, do yourself a favor and check out The Parlor.
4	I know everyone goes for the pizza (and the pizza is good).  But for my money, the burgers are where its at.  Some of the best burgers I've had in town.  Great reuse of this place from its beauty parlor days.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, and great service. Can't really ask for much more. I'll definitely be back.
4	Really good basil gimlets! I wish I went for the happy hour because I would have had more than one drink. But the food and service were both good and the place had a cool vibe to it.
4	There are a lot of pizza joints in the Valley, and reading the reviews of each one, you'd think they all serve the best pizza in town.  The Parlor is no exception.  I didn't think The Parlor would be the best in town, but it had one thing going for it: the menu.I like their space.  It's not as quaint as Cibo or Bianco, but it has a far nicer vibe than Federal a few miles down the road.  They get points for having professional, yet relaxed, servers, and no loud music.  There isn't a scene here: just a variety of people out to have a nice meal.  It's not a glorified hipster bar like Federal.Right after being seated, I perused the menu, and found several promising pies.  The only thing I really liked about Federal was their pizza ideas: The Parlor is even better.  In addition to pies, The Parlor has sandwiches, salads, and some tasty looking appetizers and antipasti.I had the lemonade (allegedly from a farm in Mesa), the caponata bruschetta, and a 8" Puttanesca pie.The bruschetta sounded like an excellent idea: eggplant caponata, currants, roasted peppers, pine nuts, and ricotta on toast.  The flavor was a little more bold than I was expecting, but it was good.  I think I would've cut back on the currants.Of course, the pizza is the centerpiece of the restaurant (it is a pizzeria, after all).  I am sad to report that the Parlor does not make the best pizza in town.  The crust is average at best.  It wasn't bad enough to be a distraction, but it didn't have the best flavor or texture.  The ingredients (I'm looking at you, cheese!) didn't seem to be the highest quality.  My pizza was much greasier than a pie with nothing but calamari, shrimp, capers, spicy tomato sauce, olives, and fennel should be.  The cheese is clearly the culprit.That said, the toppings were delicious.  Calamari on a pizza is something that needs to be done more.  It could've used more capers and olives (were there even any olives??).  The flavor profile was very good, even if the ingredients were subpar.My friend went with the Mare.  I tried a slice; this was actually a very good pie.  Possibly one of the best pies I've had, as far as toppings go.When it comes down to it, The Parlor is a solid restaurant, with a very solid menu and a nice ambiance, that could benefit from a little more attention to detail.  It strikes me as the type of place where the chef's heart is in the right place, but he is probably dealing with investor owners who don't want to shell out for the best ingredients.  It's hard to say, but at any rate, it's a place I'd go back to.  You could do worse at some of the Valley's more popular pizzerias.
4	The pizza dough was absolutely great and light, but perhaps too much toppings.  The appetizers were amazing.  What a cool and comfortable place. Go during the happy hour!
4	Excellent pizza joint on Camelback.  Good salads too.  Parking is always an issue, but if you get in, you won't regret it!
2	The pizza crust was a little bland but not a bad pizza all around.  Their burger was a meatloaf marinaded sort of beef that just wasn't to my liking, and the bun was toasted on the top and hard as stone.  It actually made the roof of my mouth sore.  I thought the drinks were high so I just got one at $11.  I can't give them more than 2-stars, sorry.
4	Neat spot. Came for a quick lunch and had a very delicious salad. Excited to get back for pizza.
5	I'm kind of surprised at how many ace pizza joints Phoenix has. I've never been to the Pizzeria Bianco, the one everyone raves about but has to stand in line for six hours and give up a kidney to dine at. I'm sure it's great but I hate lines. Food isn't EVER that good. Anyway...This is right down the street from my mom's place and it has such a great atmosphere. The 70s concrete style is a nice repurpose. And the pizza! So damn good! The cocktails are pretty excellent too. Frankly, for the amount of time you'd wait at PB, you might as well come to the Parlor.
4	Great happy hour pricing.
5	My business partner and I met there for an impromptu lunch and discover a hidden gem. We took the server's recommendations for the roasted corn pizza with bacon, then the burger with arugula, tomato, caramelized onion and provolone. ( many other toppings available), and the roasted duck club sandwich. All we amazing, fresh and cooked perfectly. Just found a new favorite!
4	Stopped in here with my boyfriend about a month ago and had a pretty good experience.  We had just spent the entire day at the zoo and we were very hot, hungry, and thirsty.  Our waters were kept full and service and pizza were prompt.  This place has a very diverse, delicious menu.  On my first stop in I tried the "Forager" which was right up my alley - wild boar meatballs, rabbit sausage, fennel, and more!  My boyfriend got the "Mare" - a medley of seafood with some sort of creamy fish sauce under the cheese.  I thought this selection was overly fishy, but the boyfriend said he loved it.  We are both looking forward to our next visit to try different options.
5	The Parlor is fantastic.  This restaurant is run by professional, well-trained chefs and business owners and it is clear from every aspect of the restaurant.  There are lots of places for good pizza but not many are quite as good as The Parlor.  Every pizza I've had is great; choose one the suits your topping preferences.  The Cubano is one of the best sandwiches of all time and the Roasted Banana Ice Cream will change what you think about frozen treats.  No matter what you get, you'll be getting meal made of responsibly sourced, local ingredients prepared simply with a lot of integrity.  Keep in up Parlor!
4	the other reviewers aren't lying. the duck club is great.also, the servers here were really great. like, at a point it almost felt like our waiter joined our group and was just hanging out with us talking, making actual good contribution to our conversation. it was kind of awesome.great food, great service, not pretentious at all. i'd definitely go back over and over.
5	Okay... I am a super fan of this place.  I cannot believe that I would find myself saying there are better places than Bianco and Cibo in town when it comes to getting a good pizza.  I visit this place regularly for lunch or dinner and they never disappoint.  When it comes to why this place is amazing I will say it's the DETAIL.  They have a very good design inside, just awesome use of an old bank and the remodel is just amazing.  Finally the food needs to be just as good! They have a starter plate option that consists of choosing your favorite seasonal selections of cheese and meats.  I have to say I was super bummed when they switched things up from Spring but the new selections have been great.  They have great vegetarian options but their strengths are in the homemade pasta and their meats.  I have had the Ribs on a weekly special and they just melted in my mouth.  They have some variations of specials throughout the week where they try to create themes and I have been blown away by their approaches to different dishes.  Then there is the pizza, again my favorite thin Neapolitan style that can be found more and more in Phoenix.  I have always commended Pizzeria Bianco and Cibo near town but now the Parlour is right there with them. Bravo!
5	The homemade pasta with bolognaise is to die for! Quite heavenly to say the least!
4	I'm in Phoenix for three weeks, hanging with friends.  One friend, a resident, was flying back in from a business trip, so I picked up her roommate M and we picked up A, and fell back to the age-old question: 'Where are we eating?'  After some back and forthing, we decided on The Parlor.  I'd been here before with my wife, A had been here before with her mom.  My wife loved it, but she's at home.  A's mom didn't like it, which greatly pleased A.  And M's boyfriend wasn't there, so we all got to indulge in stuff that our other halves, in whatever form they took, didn't like.We started with the Frito Misto, a very nice fried calamari with rock shrimp and a Romesco sauce.  Wonderful dish.  Very lightly battered and fried, the breading was nicely seasoned and flavorful.  I can't say I was thrilled with the sauce.Then came the pizzas and whatever pasta dish that A had.  We got to poke fun at her when she confused pecorino with pepperocinis, she didn't realize she'd confused peppers for cheese.  To be fair, she'd had a long trip and was very tired.  M had the Yukon potato/leek pizza, substituting the gorgonzola.  Me, I fell back on my fav: pepperoni and added extra-crispy bacon.We were all happy with our food.  The Yukon had a wonderful creamy consistency to it that melded flavors quite nicely.  I knew Parlor's pepperoni was on the greasy side, but that's pretty much normal for pepperoni pizzas, so I won't ding them on that.  I quite liked my pizza, they got the bacon nice and crispy, though I would have liked more of it.  For dessert we split the chocolate cake and the Mixed Berry Zeppole, quite yummy.No complaints about the food, they do a great job of turning out quality dishes.One complaint about the noise.  You are not going to have a quiet conversation with your table mates if you go at night, maybe lunch is quieter, I dunno.  This place hops, I don't know if it ever really slows down.  It's an unfortunate trend in restaurant design to go for a cool look with lots of hard, sound-reflective, surfaces, and that can be a problem.The first time that I ate there was probably a year ago, and one big change has happened: they now have valet parking.  Again, dunno if they're there for lunch, maybe it's a dinner-only thing.  The parking is still free, but it's going to take a little time to park and get your car.  I really appreciated that the valets were in tune with how long the wait was, they told us that for three that it would probably be less than ten minutes if they couldn't take us directly, and they took us pretty much straight away.Excellent dining experience, highly recommended.  Just be ready for the noise.
4	Unique combinations for toppings. Very good and very fresh. Must try!
3	the duck dishes were great, and unique. Other than that I thought everything else was oooook.
4	Oh what to say about the Parlor... First off their happy hour is amazing with the 8" pizzas and vast array of discounted apps. The wine list was also very impressive, again choosing my favorite the Malbec. I really appreciated the style of the restaurant and the ambiance which made it more intimate. The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5 stars is because I only experienced the happy hour and not  the normal dinner service. I'm most definitely going to visit again and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.
5	Great pizza, wine , and service! I made my own pizza which is the best way!
5	amazing pizza and desserts and super salads. so worth going.
4	The Parlor has easily become one of my favorite pizza places to visit in the valley. Pros: As mentioned by other fellow reviewers, the ambience is just perfect - a great place to bring a date! With all hype about the Funghi pizza, I knew I had to try it out myself. If you're a mushroom lover, this pizza is perfect you. The goat cheese and truffle oil perfectly balance the sweetly seasoned mushrooms. If you're a meat lover, I'd also recommend the Salsiccia. The flavors blended together so nicely, and the sausages had just the right amount of sweet vs. savory. Also, the fact that our waitress was super nice and helpful was a definite plus.Cons: I don't have much to complain about here. We did try the Tiramisu for dessert, and though it was decent, I don't think I would order it again. The pizzas were the highlight of the meal.Overall, you should definitely give this place a try! I had a very enjoyable experience here.
4	I'm clearly a New York kinda pizza guy and not a huge fan of those fu fu toppings and fancy small pizzas, but my date loves this place so I took one for the team. It was a Friday night just after 8pm, but because of the Holiday weekend we got seated right away. After we switched tables, we ended up on the patio where the active misters doused our table and the paper make your own menus and even gave both of us a somewhat wet head. It was the only way to go though and the alternative was shouting out to get to know this woman in the very loud interior room. Service was great, the waitress was very patient and since there was no wait, we were allowed to linger until closing. I had some refreshing seasonal peach beer at $5 a pop, while she went with the rather pricey $9 a glass wine. As for the food, we just had the arancini (rice balls) which were slightly above average, but resting in a nice semi spicy marinara sauce that was well seasoned ($9 for three). The make-your own pizza at $9 plus $2 each for toppings turned out good enough with artichoke hearts and grilled veggies and a blend of cheeses. Of course, NY'ers prefer just mozzarella, but had to roll with the punches. Good news was that it was foldable and even if it wasn't, no fork would ever get near my slice anyway. We just hit this place on a nice relaxing night and everything really was quite satisfactory, including my date for a change.
5	Food and service are always great. Thank you Aric. Keep it going
5	The atmosphere is wonderful and cozy and we can't wait to try the patio seating when it's a bit cooler.  The staff is friendly and has tremendous recommendations if you want them.  Their pizzas are so varied I wanted to try them all! Love the service, atmosphere, and the food.
5	The pepperoni pizza is like crack. But legal. Not that I have tried crack. But from what I've heard, they have similar addictive qualities. The only downside is that they are closed on Sundays.
5	So I haven't been here for the food quite yet, though I plan on going very very soon! My boyfriend and I went here because a couple of bartenders at other restaurants had recommended their cocktails. We went on a super busy Saturday night, but were able to weasel our way to the bar. We each had a unique, classic cocktail with a spin and tried a sip of some Hirsch bourbon. Absolutely worth it! The place itself is set up for mingling and interacting with other patrons. It was nice striking up a conversation about good beer and bourbon with the two guys next to us. The atmosphere is very trendy and hipster, but that's always nice- dark and romantic at least. I cannot wait to go back and try the amazing-looking pizzas!
4	My wife and I spotted this place by accident in search for another pizza joint near by but we decided to give it a try. This place offers more than rustic oven baked pizza. When you eat there the whole environment has history and charm. It seems every piece of furniture or decor has a story or has been re purposed in some creative way.The pizza really good actually. It was very simple , full of flavor and that oven brick taste is really unbeatable.
5	The Parlor is amazing and I'm so glad I stumbled on it while looking for a pizza place!The Parlor has so much more to offer than just pizza! Wonderful ambiance, reasonable prices and great service. The inside was candle-lit and lively, yet intimate at the same time. The outside is a lovely patio with plants and misters. Wildflowers and a beautiful wine display were the perfect extra touches. I ate their famous duck club and yes, it really is that awesome! My husband had pizza, which he gave a rave review. We split the tiramisu and it was heavenly!Will definitely be visiting again in the near future!
5	We ate here today for a late lunch-very good crowd for 2:30 in the afternoon. We had the polipo for an appetizer, and the funghi, the puttanesca, and pepperoni pizzas. Everything was fantastic! Very fresh ingredients, and were presented beautifully.They were very accommodating with my kids, too-brought cups with lids, and an extra cherry for the kid that didn't order a second drink. We really liked this place, and will definitely be back.
5	Came to this place after a wonderful day in Phoenix, celebrating a year with my girlfriend. The pizzas that my gf, sister and friend shared were awesome! We had a great dining experience and I highly recommend! The ambience is awesome. I would have never guessed this was tucked away behind a busy street. The interior is beautiful. We asked our server to recommend our appetizer, entrees and desserts. He didn't fail!
4	Hands down one of the best tiramisu I have had. We met up with James he was at Cibo before now here super guy great service ask for him. We enjoyed our meal will return.
4	My husband and I tried the Parlor tonight for the first time. I appreciated the fact that the bar is separate from the restaurant. Also appreciated the modern, pleasant decor. From the outside it doesn't look like much. I appreciated the clientele, people from all walks of life, including lots of young people.  I appreciated not a lot of patrons with something to prove. I appreciated the atmosphere of lots of lively, happy conversation, something I rarely find in Phoenix. I appreciated the food, very high quality. These people know what they're doing. I appreciated the price, $30 for two drinks, an appetizer and 2 8" pizzas, including tip. I would highly recommend The Parlor and would invite anyone I know to join us for dinner here.
3	I've eaten here many times and this is the first time I did NOT get pizza. I regret this. Their pizza is phenomenal, so if you want a great pizza, this is the place to go. The service is always top notch and the cleanliness of The Parlor is always noticed. Side note: I love the herb garden at the entrance! Nice touch.However. This last trip I decided to order something other than pizza. Starting off with Halibut Crudo, I would not wrap my brain around all these strange flavors that should not be on the same plate. Radish, corn and halibut. Too contrasting. And corn is just too sweet! A very odd dish that left me frowning.Next was a very-difficult-to-eat burger. I ordered the bacon and gorgonzola burger and was dismayed at the bullet-like pickles in the sandwich. They poked up through the bun! Aren't pickles supposed to be cut into thin disks? Not these. These suckers made their presence known, and I had to pick them out of my sandwich. I'll come here again, but I'm going to stick with what I know: Their pizza. Buon appetito!
4	Im a fan
5	We were on the hunt for a delicious, brick oven style pizza, and we found it here at The Parlor. Plus, hi, the sweet corn risotto was AMAZING. The cocktail menu was also fantastic, and I know my husband will be working his way through it the more times we go here for dinner.
4	I've been here quite a few times and we love the pizza! I feel like I can't give a completely well rounded review as the pizza is the only thing we have ever tried here. We always have the intention of trying some of their other dishes but the pizza always sounds so good and it has never disappointed. When we have gone with other people who have tried other things off the menu the reviews haven't all been great, thus the 4 stars instead of 5. The only other thing we have tried is the cauliflower appetizer. Doesn't sound too appealing, right? Cauliflower. Trust me, order it! Somehow the Parlor manages to take a fairly bland veggie and make it delicious. Overall, good atmosphere, good service, good pizza!
4	I guess I am lucky with the places I'm being invited to because The Parlor was a nice place.   My party received great service from our server.  Food was hot. Drinks were cold. The server was knowledgeable about the menu and could make recommendations. I was satisfied. However, you are gluten free...you get to eat salad while you friends eat pizza that smells and looks WONDERFUL.  So brace yourself.
4	I have been to the Parlor twice and one time it was so/so and the other it was one of the best pizza experiences I have had. Talking to others it seems like they have had similar hit and miss experiences there. That being said I will always chase that experience and keep going back. Hopefully the pizza's get a tad more consistent. Oh, and the duck confit? amazing.
5	From the moment I walk in to The Parlor, my love affair with this place begins. Love the atmosphere & decor. A good friend and myself decided to stop in this evening for a lite dinner. This evening we enjoyed the Summer Corn Pizza and Heirloom Tomato Salads and made sure to save room for a shared dessert. Another great evening with a great friend & memorable conversation. Cheers***
5	delicious I had the grilled  octopus app served with  a  salad with watermelon canolope tomatoes  and the the halibut crudo  served with corn fritters these litte tastys come at a price though my buddy had the fungi pizza with a drizzle of truffle oil  FANTABULOUS cool setting as well hard to find the building  for the first time
4	The bar at this place, although small, is pretty neat. The beers were a choice of some craft brews and a couple really fruity beers. I had a strawberry one I think, and it was quite good even though one glass of fruityness was enough. The pizza for dinner was tasty but the regular (non-small) size was way too much for me and I ended up leaving about half.
5	This place nails it on every level. Sorry to see that some " foodies" don't agree but hey, it's Phoenix...
3	There must be something wrong with me.  I can see why why most people have given The Parlor four or five stars, but this place just didn't do it for me.We showed up at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  The place was packed but the wait was just a few minutes.  I love the set up.  The parlor has a very modern ambiance with a fun and hip vibe.  I love the drink menu.  Great Beer selection.  I love pizza and pasta with fresh ingredients.  That's this place's specialty.  But despite the uniqueness of many of the selections on the menu, I just wasn't all that impressed with what was on the plates. My group of four ordered the Tonnarelli "Cacio e Pepe."  This was really good, the pasta and sauce taste home-made, but it was a little too creamy for me.  We also had the Zucca Pizza.  A decent pizza with summer squash, leeks, squash blossoms pecorino and basil.  This was pretty good, and flavorful, but not a cohesive pizza.  It just felt like the toppings were tossed on top of a white pizza.  We also had the Roasted Corn Pizza.  This was great.  Corn, chillies, and cilantro.  Perfect.
5	Update: just went here tonight with my friends and the food was great, but the pizzas took forever. We never said a word yet the manager came and apologized and offered us a free dessert. Then the checks took forever and it ended up being a 2 hour dinner. The manager came over again and apologized and comped our entire meal and gave us a $25.00 gift certificate. Talk about customer service! What a great way to treat clients! Besides the long dinner the food was excellent. Their duck confit appetizer and little apple fritter dessert are both out of this world excellent. Will be definitely going back soon.
5	this place straight up rules.it definitely possesses all the requirements i have for an awesome restaurant: a mile from my house, delicious cocktails, cool atmosphere, friendly staff, and amazing food! this is an all around great place to take just about anyone.  seriously-take your parents, kids (if they aren't loud jerks), date, or friends-everyone will be happy with the selection.i've eaten in the restaurant many times, but usually i opt to just sit at the bar and throw back some drinks and enjoy their meat and cheese plates.  they have an awesome selection of both so you really can't go wrong with whatever you choose.  their beet salad is also killer; it comes with walnut crusted goat cheese, avocado, and fennel-yum!oh and check out their daily lemonchello!
3	A hidden gem in the heart of Phoenix. I pass The Parlor almost daily and never realized it was there. Glad we found it. Great city-urban atmosphere. Pizza was good (3 outta 5) but the environment saved it. Fab bar and drinks. Take friends and relax. Fun, nice city eating.
4	The 2 times I went here were both late around 10P on a Saturday. I've had their tasty and delightful margarita pizza with a sweet white wine. Maybe because I was tipsy off the wine and that's why I felt the pizza and service was excellent? I may never really know.
5	Another new FAV!! This part of town has some of the best restaurants.  The happy hour here at The Parlor can not be beat.  My Sis, her Hub, my Hub and I came in last night during happy hour, ordered a ton of amazing amazing amazing food and the cost was so low!! We had the porco app (crispy amazing pork ribs with potato, green bean, pickled onion coated in a delicious sauce) the bruschetta (sweet roasty toppings on the most creamy cheese) the cauliflower (cheesy cauliflower perfection) the pizza with the brisket and giardiniera (I was skeptical, but wow it was so good, such a balanced blend of rich brisket and sweetish topping) the sausage ricotta and sage pizza (oh man, that ricotta makes it amazing, and the sausage is perfect) the salumi, burratta and watercress pizza (my choice, so happy with it, the salumi was wonderful the cheese was heavenly and the watercress finished it perfectly!) and the good ol' pepperoni pizza (so much more than the name implies, this pizza was out of this world amazing!!)  Our waitress was sooooo awesome!! The iced green tea was delicious.  I ordered the almond joy and my Sis ordered the salted caramel chocolate pudding and we all shared each.  They were the perfect ending to an amazing meal, they both were rich, sweet chocolaty heaven, that weren't over sweet, also balanced perfectly.  This is my #1 choice for pizza here in Phoenix now.
5	the pizza!! yes! just, yes.
5	Consistently delicious. Perhaps not as decadent as Pizzeria Bianco, but it really is on the same level. The last pizza I had was the Yukon Gold, which basically tastes like potatoes au gratin baked on top of a pizza. Absolutely delicious. I swapped slices with some of my friends and they quickly said they wished they'd ordered same as I did. Mind you their pizzas were also delicious, but the Yukon Gold was just a level higher. Prices are very reasonable. An 8" pizza is roughly $10, but these pizzas are handmade and every 8" pizza I've had there was closer to 10"-11". I think of it this way: you're getting basically the standard of quality you'd get at Bianco but without the wait or slightly higher price. The Parlor is an excellent alternative, and I have to say that it's my preferred pizza spot in town.
5	I had an opportunity to eat at the Parlor,a couple of weeks ago. We had checked in to our hotel from an early morning flight from the east. We were really hungry. I had the Duck Club. It was delicious. I had the Stonefruit Zeppole for dessert. Loved it. I would recommend this place.
4	Duck club is legit.  Roasted duck, applewood bacon, red wine tomato jam, aoli.The Mine That Bird cocktail is strong but deliciousI'll be back
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the parlor!!! The salads and the pizza are delicious!  Im from the midwest and the east coast.  I come from good amazing brick oven pizza, and the parlor is as good as it gets!!!  The staff is so friendly and inviting!
3	Oh I don't want to do this... but I gotta... I came back today and I was so excited to eat here again... but.... I was not happy :( I ordered the beet salad and it was one of the most bland unseasoned lacking in flavor meals I have had in a while.  Thankfully I could steal a little food from the Hubby and one of the kidos, they had some delicious pasta (the cheesy bacon one) and pizza.  Those were delicious! so 1 star for my salad, 5 stars for pizza and pasta, = 3 today... I will be back, and I will order what I now know to be the best part of the menu.
5	Can't say it enough. I LOVE THIS PLACE.I have been to this place on multiple occasions, and have had their pizza, but their golden boy is their duck club. When I come here, I sit down, and just order the duck club right away. It is one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. I think the secret to their sandwich is their jam and aoili. Good ambiance; good for dates; the staff will treat you right. 5/5 Would have a sandwich here any day of the week.
3	UPDATE: The food at Parlor is always amazing, but Customer Service is important too. I used to work in the food industry, so hospitality and professionalism are things I appreciate and to be honest, expect at a nicer restaurant. Yesterday I went with a group of colleagues to the Parlor, (my recommendation, having steered my boss away from their competition). My manager asked for me to head over there ahead of the group to get the table because they do not take reservations. I called ahead and the 'manager' I spoke with said that should be fine, or at least I thought that's what he was saying.Flash forward, I get to the Parlor with an associate and I tell the hostess our situation and with an attitude she tells me, "that's not what we do here," and that "you'll have to wait till the majority of your group gets here" which by her math is 8 people for a party of 10. I told her everything seemed OK on the phone and we left work early to hold the table for the business dinner, not to mention it was slow and it should have been easy (and a no-brainer) to accommodate a party that size bringing in that kind of cash on a Monday night.The manager came to explain that it was my misunderstanding, that he didn't say we could sit at the table and that we could wait in the bar area and blah blah why don't buy drinks and appetizers and leaving work isn't so bad and other sarcastic half-hearted remarks. Clearly the customer isn't always right at The Parlor, even when they're actually right. Meanwhile, the hostess who was obviously irritated with my request glared in our direction and when the group arrived and I asked if we could be seated was very snippy. She was also very upset when I asked for them to move the group bar tab (since we couldn't wait at the table) to the table tab -- it was not explained to me before that this wasn't how they do things.I was really disappointed. The food at the Parlor is fantastic and I'm always telling people what a great spot it is and last night they went out of their way to not go out of their way. This isn't a chain restaurant, there were not enough people dining there to justify those restrictions and the manager was almost as rude as his extremely immature hostess and completely unprofessional. I've been eating there for years and while I might go back I'll never bring them a group that size again.
5	I have been driving past this place for years and never even knew it was here. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was even better. If your looking to try a new place I definitely recommend this place!
4	The funghi pizza is incredible! The melon salad is wonderful and any pizza with roasted corn is a must-try.  They really have delicious fare and I've had many positive experiences there.  It's the perfect spot for girls night or a date night.  The service is generally friendly, prompt and unimposing (which is nice for girls nights and dates - plenty of opportunity to chat but you get what you need when you need it).  However, I've been here with large parties on several occasions, and the service was sub par.  The waiters tend to be totally inattentive (I've never seen that in a smaller party), they don't take reservations (you end up waiting for ages to get seated) and they won't split checks on a party of 6 or more.  All of this results in a really long experience with a lot of waiting, a lot of manual check-splitting and some irritation. CONCLUSION: Amazing food, great for small parties, take your large party anywhere else.
4	Really, this review is an "update" but Yelp removed my earlier review because I called a crappy server out by name. The good news: during my recent visit I confirmed this server no longer works here and my experience was far superior. EXPERIENCE (past):I decided to give this place another try after spending years avoiding it after my terrible experience when it first opened: I went out on a limb and took my father here for dinner--who was in from out of town--based on other Yelp reviews. Sadly, the food fell short, and the service TERRIBLE. When a co-worker suggested this location for lunch, while hesitant, i agreed.EXPERIENCE (update):Clearly my earlier experience was a mixture of "just opened" jitters and a server who had no business serving me. I was pleasantly surprised with the lunch experience (i still have to go back for dinner...) and everything about this go around certainly created urgency to come back.FOOD:The calamari and shrimp appetizer was good--nothing special, the baby spinach salad was delicious--not over dressed and fresh ingredients, and the french press coffee and the pear/apple tart was divine!! I would go there to sip their french press and eat that dessert any day...seriously, so good.SERVICE:The service was impeccable. Our server was informative, so friendly, and was very attentive--wasn't at our table too much or too less. The fact that I never had to prompt my server for a refill was amazing. This doesn't happen very often in my experience. I would call him out by name, but would hate for this POSITIVE review to be removed by the Yelp folk :)All in all, a very solid lunch experience. Don't disappoint me at dinner, though. I'll be back :)
4	Yay!  This was a great dinner date with the husband.  The location is much bigger than it appears when driving past.  Same goes for the parking.  One of the reasons I had avoided coming in was worry about parking and size.  Not to worry, it was fine!Husband was happy to get an italian beer, I was happy with a nice cocktail.  Our salads were delicious and very large (the small is perfect for one person for a meal, esp with meat).  Husband was very happy with his personal size pizza (happy hour for the win!).  Dessert was lovely; I loved the little donuts (cherry) with caramel sauce.  It was heavenly!This is great place to come as a group or for a family outing since it's easy to do sharing.  A large salad could be a side for about 4-6 people, I would say.  The smaller version could cover about 3.  Certainly a place we'll recommend when the whole family is in town over Christmas and is looking for a place to eat.
3	I had high expectations for the Parlor, and I've been told to go here for the two years I've lived in Phoenix, but the stars didn't align until tonight, when my wife and I were able to sneak away for their happy hour.  First, the decor is comfortable and modern, just like any number of restaurants in Phoenix--think Postino's, the Vig, Windsor, etc.  We asked to be seated in the courtyard, as the weather was close to perfect.  Hostess was friendly. So far, so good.  A waiter arrived at the table that was seated a couple minutes after us and he enthusiastically told them about a fresh salad that had just been picked from the owner's garden, and it piqued our interest.  Our waiter arrived a couple minutes later and offered drinks, but nothing about specials.  I would describe our waiter as cautiously friendly.  I waited tables in college, and I remember waiters seeing certain patrons come in and wanting to shuffle them off of someone else...I felt like that patron.  I had a nearly identical experience at FEZ a couple years back, and I've only returned once.  There are too many restaurants in Phoenix to bother with mediocre service.  So service was a little chilly.  How was the food and drink?The freshly-picked salad was excellent.  Bitter greens with fresh-made croutons and a beet vinaigrette with beets picked out of the same garden.  Simple, fresh, wonderful.  Ordered two of the happy-hour pizzas: the Margherita pizza and a pesto pizza.  They were both decent, with the pesto being a bit better, but neither were spectacular.  I still prefer Pizzeria Bianco for this kind of pie, and no one in town, maybe even the state, can match Pino's Margherita.  It just felt average.  I've also eaten a lot of pesto on trips through Liguria, so I know what I want.  Had the cherry zeppole for dessert.  Good, but not inspired, and probably wouldn't spend the money again.  Tiramisu is probably a safer choice.I really wanted it to be better, but we were turned off by the service, and the food wasn't spectacular enough to overcome that obstacle.  Plus, I can go across the street and have better pizza with Bianco, and no parking headaches.
4	Great local place that is a must to try if you are in town visiting. The atmosphere is relax and not like any other place. The menu has a good selection on it and everything is yummy. They also have a cute patio, does not seat very many people so consider yourself lucky if you get a seat out there.
3	Came here on a Friday around 11 am, just before the lunch rush. We ordered the puttanesca pizza, seafood on a pizza which sounded really good, pepperoni pizza for the kids and a spinach salad. The highlight was definitely the spinach salad, great bold taste, the dressing was good and the chucks of cheese and bacon were bold and full of flavor. The puttanesca pizza looked very delicious which included shrimp, calamari, spicy sauce, capers, and fennel. It turned out to be ok, nothing to write home about but I did eat four slices.  Maybe it was ok because it sounded so good on the menu and it didn't translate to taste? The kid pizza had giant pepperoni and they loved it finishing the whole thing. While I can't say the pizza was great it was ok, I will definitely be back to try other pizzas and the duck sandwich - it looked great from across the table when others ordered it.
5	WOW!  Going to make this short...This place is awesome because...1.  The pizzas are truly gourmet BUT you can get other five star dishes that have nothing to do with pizza as well (superb cheese/meat plates, duck over quinoa, wild fish etc.)2.  Even though this place is called "The Parlor" and a pizza place automatically comes to mind, the atmosphere is nothing like a "pizza place" - very nice bar, dining area and garden patio.I'm not a big pizza fan but this is the best pizza I have had AND their other signature dishes (that have nothing to do with pizza) are excellent.  Great wine list too!
2	Food was good (fungi pizza is where to go). Wine was good. Service was ............This place is very nice. My friend explained to me this establishment was an actual hair parlor before it was made into a restaurant, I enjoy when business take over old buildings and keep the history with it. It was a Busy night and the only room they had for us without a reservation was at the pizza bar. (Love open kitchen restaurants)  We got waters, waited some, got  wine from the expo and that was the last we saw our server. Order food from the expo again after waiting some with suggestion that the kitchen crew gave us over the partition, order wine from another server who to me knew his red wines like a wine buyer, got our check from another server who was very apologetic about us having to flag her down. When leaving I thought about giving this place another try, possibly earlier in the week instead. However this is where the tables turned. Our server approached my party and I outside the restaurant, while we were waiting for the valet and complained about his tip and how he thought his performance was better than that. I explained that I was a server as well including my partner and corrected him on his problem areas. He continued to argue with me about it infront of many others. Embarrasses and appalled - I don't think I will be back.
4	The Pesto pizza was awesome! Service was great! Very busy but short wait. Wait time was accurate.
4	Really simple review: "Yes, go." Try almost anything on the menu and you'll be happy with it. I've lived in two major "food cultures" - Japan and San Francisco, and the Parlor could compete well in either.They use quality fresh ingredients, the ambiance is comfortable and not pretentious, and the chef tries things that are unexpected for restaurant in this price range.I recommend the Cavatelli Porchetta, roasted pork pasta and am absolutely in love with the spicy Calabrian pizza. Like, really in love with it. When I moved from Phoenix to Las Vegas, it was one of the few things that I missed.
4	I'm front out of town, and the party I was with was craving Italian. It was within walking distance of our hotel, and had great reviews on Yelp. The decor, mood, and lighting were excellent. What a great fresh looking restaurant. The few beers they had we're solid choices. I had a dark red beer that I had never had . Surely Delicious. I had the Spicy Seafood Linguini. The ingredients we're fresh, great presentation. But it was bland, not spiced at all. Looking for Garlic, or even salt. I had to add some. It looked amazing, but lacked in flavor. I would come back and try something different for sure. The rest of my party had a Fungi Pizza (loved it), A Salad (loved it), Duck Risotto (thought it was okay), Plain Risotto (Bland, no flavor)Thanks!
4	Love love love this place. The atmosphere is great and they have the most delicious pizza (pepperoni and mushroom is delicious!) Definitely get the parlor insalata and the grinder that comes w parmesan fries!!!
5	I've only been here 8 times. It's that good. We only order pizza, salad and desert and coffee. Never been let down here.
5	I live in the area yet I never visit. I have been letting my good times go to waste! I enjoy the place. I like the design, my friend was apart of the design team so I am twice shamed for not enjoining my good times with sad establishment . I had a great pizza with a great drink and no hassle was involved. I may have found my next go to place. I hope they can handle the rabbi
5	Awesome place!I went here for dinner with my girlfriend a couple weeks ago. It was a great experience all around. There was about a twenty minute wait when we arrived so we just got a drink at the bar while we waited for a table to open up. The bartender was great. We were seated quickly and the service was awesome from our waiter. The pizza is what I really want to get at! It was delicious! I got the fungi pizza. Sooo good if you like mushrooms. My girlfriends pizza was delicious as well. Will be coming back here very soon. Pros: - great atmosphere- awesome service- friendly staff- delicious food!- lots of menu choicesCons- don't really have any
5	Oh man! Absolutely loved the place! Duck Club sandwich is one of the most amazing sandwiches I have ever eaten. Delicious! Their funghi pizza was really amazing as well! Very lively atmosphere. A little bit too loud for my taste but amazing decor!
5	Fantastic fresh pasta and the pizza are great. Salad and homemade soups are always fresh and excellent.  Great beer and wine selection round out a gem of Phoenix.
4	Went for lunch and thought the pizza was great! The build your own is a little pricy but they have a good selection of signature pizzas. We will definitely b back.
5	Julie was my server and was so wonderful! She helped me decide on a pizza and I was not disappointed. I loved the spicy barbecue chicken pizza. The sauce was delicious and the chilies on there were a great touch. It was only $7 for an 8" during happy hour. I ended it with a tiramisu and it was heavenly. Great environment - I cannot wait to return to try more items on the menu!
4	My dining companion built his own pizza and I had the puttanesca pizza (shrimp, calamari, fennel, etc).  I liked everything except the fennel.  The spicy tomato sauce was nice too.We got the House salad for a starter.  The small size was plenty large for both of us to share.  Nothing too remarkable about the salad, but I did enjoy it.Since our pizzas took so long to get out to us, they gave us free dessert, which was really considerate -- we didn't even have to mention that the food took a long time or anything, they just noticed and took the initiative themselves.  We ordered the maple trifle which was really interesting.... it came with chunks of date cake, whipped cream, nuts.  Not my favorite dessert but they get points for trying something different!
3	Came here for our anniversary this pass weekend. Lets just say it didn't live up to the hype. I was actually dumbfounded by the poor service. After being seated outside on the patio, it took a good ten mins to get our waitress(we had to ask for). We started with the "soup of the day" (believe it was potato cube soup" and shared a 12' Salsiccia pizza - The food was beyond great! Nice thick crust.To wash down the delicious pizza I order my favorite beer(kilt lifter) and she had a cucumber majito. They have such a nice romantic patio dining area with a fireplace. Great place to bring someone you care about. Note: in my books - Great Food and drinks don't make up for the poor service. Poor service for me kills restaurants. KCYE
4	This was our first time visiting The Parlor. We had friends in town and came here after visiting Zoo Lights. They were able to seat us immediately and took great care of us. The ambiance is great and since we had a little one with us they took extra care to make sure he had a cup with a straw and something to snack on quickly. The adults started with a meat and cheese platter which was AWESOME!!!! For pizzas we ordered a 12 inch salsiccia and a 10 inch pesto. Both were delicious but the salsiccia was the favorite of the table. I can see why it has won awards, it is delicious! We will definitely return!
5	Delicious!  I had the pepperoni and can't wait to come back to try more!  The crust was perfect and the sauce was very fresh.
5	OMG, The Parlor is so yum!  The ensalada salad is delicious, They have the best ranch dressing too. Love their Margherita pizza. Their wine list changes with the seasons but there is always a good choice. My favorite server is Travis. Ask for him, he has worked there since the day they opened and he is a delight!
5	The pizza here alone is worth coming for.  Stone fire pizza is always a yes in my book!  Everything about our pizza was good from the mushrooms, sausage, shrimp, and sauce.  We also ordered the duck sandwich and lasagetta.  Duck sandwich was a bit too sweet for me, nothing super special I can say about it.  Lasagetta ... turned out NOT to be lasagna as we thought..it was little sausage pieces that covered veggies and thick lasagna pasta.. no sauce, no go if you ask me.  I would definately come back for the pizza!
3	Everybody told us we HAD to go.  It's just as good as Pizzeria Bianco...but with better atmosphere.  Nah.  Service was fine if not a little preoccupied.  Not because it was busy.  I'm not sure why.  Food was less than okay.  They're the home of $22 bolognese.  Made with "rustic meat sauce".  Come on Parlor, you're better than that.  Bolognese freezes.  MINIMAL food cost.  Lamb or duck or something, I can see approaching that number.So we go for pizza.  It should be noted savory and greazy are very different things.  We went for the Funghi pizza.  Too much grease, too much cheese.  Could have brought up the goat cheese and truffle a bit, and added another flavor profile.  Meh.  The place is beautiful on the inside.  I just felt the place lacked imagination.
3	I went here with my family and was quite not sure what to expect. My aunt told me about the history behind it, and how they grow their own herbs, and how it was once a beauty shop... so I was kind of excited. We had a party of 9 so I expected a wait, but an hour and a half is extreme in any circumstance (especially when you're quoted 30 minutes) Apparently they had another large part of 16 who  continued to order round after round of after dinner drinks. That's cool, no need to blame the restaurant, I was excited to give them a fair shot. First things first, call me old, but this place was LOUD. The music was about 2 notches above comfortable which caused the drunken party next door to scream, which meant a majority of my family was just silent. I ordered a glass of Pinot, and I could tell he finished a bottle, and opened another, and mixed them both in my glass. I could take the stale mixed with the fresh. I was disappointed. Also, there was some cork in it. Talk about bad form. They waitress told me it was my imagination. 0_0My husband ordered the Duck Club, and I ordered the Pesto Pasta (I'm sure they had fancy names, but I did not commit them to memory) I will hand it to The Parlor, the duck was amazing. (In fact, One of my stars is based completely on the duck!)  Truly spectacular sandwich. The pasta was nothing special. In fact, I was a bit disappointed in the pesto. The barber Chairs, and vintage photographs were interesting... but the experience felt very... forced. Like they were resting on their Hipster reputation to carry them along. I might give them one more shot, maybe during lunch when it's quieter, and order the duck myself.
5	Best pizza in town!  We always get the spinach salad with the pepperoni and sausage pizza. My only complaint is they don't have gluten free crust and they are closed on Sundays.
1	Normally great service and pizza. Today service was lacking, nothing more frustrating than an unpleasant and bordering on rude server.
1	Too bad they don't have parking and require you to use Valet, and wait it line too? There must be a better idea. Sorry I didn't get past that rule and see what was inside.
5	One of the best pizza joints in town ! Yes, they charge extra for add on condiments, but they have a list of herbs to add to your pizza that are free. The prices are not high to begin with. Yes, there is valet only parking, but you can park across the street for free. Yes, there is sometimes a wait, but they are popular for a reason, it's worth the wait. Service has always been great !
2	I really don't get how people love this place. My first time, I went with a group and we all ordered pizzas. Each person ordered a different pizza and I tried them all. Not sure what's going on with the oven but everyones crusts were soggy. I had the pizza with speck on it which was cool to have on a pizza but it was pretty pricey. Plus having to pay for valet meant more money to shell out! I wanted to give this place another try so I went again with two friends who brought me the first time and needless to say, same old story.... I emailed The Parlor before to ask of they had any gluten free options and I received an email stating the servers were very well trained in guiding me through the gluten free options on their menu. Would've been nice to just be told what was available rather than making me drive there to ask. I joked around with my friends saying the waitress will just tell me they have salads (I'm not driving all the way there to order a basic salad) so I ordered a pizza again. This time I used the sheet to make my own creation which ended up costing me $25 for a 12 inch pizza and they were skimpy on the ingredients plus I didn't order anything fancy. My crust again was soggy like last time and so was my friends who just ordered cheese pizza. How can you screw up the crust of a cheese pizza?!? I asked the server after we got our pizza what their gluten free options were only to have her say, we have salads? Totally nailed it! When I left the restaurant, I realized I forgot cash to tip the valet guy. When he dropped off my car, he put his hand out for a tip which completely appalled me. I grabbed my keys and left while he complained to his coworker about me where I could hear him. I still felt bad and ran to the gas station across the street and got cash back and brought a tip to the guy. Needless to say, I will never step foot in this place ever again. I can get a top notch pizza from La piazza locale or pizzeria Bianco for cheaper than the parlor, no valet needed and a real deal crust that isn't soggy.
5	This place has the best pizza in town. The corn pizza is amazing, it's my favorite thing on the menu but it is seasonal so if you see it be sure to order it!! I have never ordered an item that I didn't love. Also has a great patio and super cool vibe inside.
5	Did you see my picture of the mozz salad? THEY MADE A BOWL OUT OF PROSCIUTTO. Life cannot get better. I've been here 4-5 times. I always love it. I love their basil gimlet. And now, I love this salad. Such a guilty pleasure.
4	Great food but the bartender Michael sucks! Totally rude!
2	Overall, I enjoyed myself at The Parlor. I sat in the bar and waited for a friend to join. My drinks were good, the spinach salad was amazing, but the staff ... eh, only so-so. And the reality is that no matter how good the food and how free the drinks flow, if you don't have a good staff representating your establishment, the whole experience is tainted. It took forever for someone to greet me and give me a menu. Seriously, forever. And they were absolutely not busy. It was 8pm on a Monday. I ordered my drink and then when I was joined by my friend, again, it took time for them to be greeted. When my wine was gone, no one asked if I wanted another - which I did. Instead, at about 9:20pm, someone just dropped off our check and went back behind the bar. I would have ordered another round but felt they didnt want us there. We paid & then left. The ambience is really great and sticks with a lot of the restaurants in this part of town. I love the area. Maybe someday I'll try again.
3	I enjoyed the pizza. The bar area is a great place to meet new people because the seating necessitates sharing tables.
5	We had the Brussels Sprouts and they were delicious. Just a touch of spicy which was perfect!
5	The Parlor was amazing! The reviews were spot on. I went alone and the bar staff was awesome. I had the Spicy Seafood Pasta (Regular size) and it was delicious and just spicy enough to be great. I topped it off with Dales Pale Ale. Any bar with Dales as a draught beer. I wanted a specific dessert, and then they told me that they were out of it after I had ordered. The manager apologized and paid for another dessert on the house. I will definitely be back.
5	Loved this place! The cauliflower appetizer is delish and the pizza was very good. Our waiter knew the menu including the specials like the back of his hand and made lots of suggestions. Very friendly! Maybe a bit expensive, but I didn't mind as we had such a good experience and our food and service was excellent!
4	Living in walking distance to this place, I often overlook it when choosing a restaurant for dinner. Living in Phoenix it's easy to get caught up in the new restaurant hype and forget about the good standbys. Luckily for me, my sister was in town and asked to come here for dinner since is was 5pm on a Friday and neither of us wanted to sit in traffic just to try something else. When we got to the restaurant we were seated immediately which surprised us since it was happy hour on a Friday. The patio doors were open so even though we were sitting inside we were able to enjoy the beautiful spring weather outside. We started off with a couple glasses of wine which were each $2 off for happy hour and the Fritto Misto which was $5 for happy hour. The wine was very good. They have a decent wine selection and it's not a terrible deal at $2 off.  The Fritto Misto was lacking in a little flavor but it wasn't bad. For dinner we ordered the happy hour pizzas which were $7.99 each. This is definitely the best deal for happy hour. You get a full sized pizza that is more than enough for one and almost big enough to split depending on your appetite. We ordered the Pesto Pizza, The Pepperoni Pizza, and the Cheese Pizza (for my son). They were all very good! And not just good for being happy hour. I had forgotten how well they make their pizzas! In fact I'm kicking myself for not going here more often. The service was also excellent. Towards the end of our meal it was starting to get busier but the wait staff seemed to be keeping up with the demand. The restaurant is also very kid friendly. I noticed quite a few people had young children so if you're looking for a child friendly restaurant, I would definitely recommend The Parlor. I will definitely be back and look forward to trying more of their menu items.
4	I dig The Parlor.  Their pizzas are great, olives are awesome... Oh man, the brussel sprouts appetizer on special last weekend was the best I've had.  On this last visit I also tried their Manhattan for the first time.  Good thing I did... I have finally found a place (other than Citizen Public House) with a great manhattan!  It was Woodford Reserve, with the perfect amount of bitters, and a marasca cherry on a sprig of toasted rosemary.  Mmmmmm!Service has always been polite and prompt.  The place has a nice seat yourself bar area where you can booze it up (as long as you have a DD) and wait for your table.  And if you have a big party/larger group, they will take a reservation.
4	I toyed with this rating for a while. 4 or 5? Man 4.5 would be perfect! I settled on a 4 based on my first visit, but I can see myself upgrading on future visits. We all know the history of this building. An old beauty parlor. I love how the building was preserved. There are old photos all over the business and even have parlor chairs at the bar. Starting from the main door you pass a garden where the cooks grow their own herbs and produce. Very cool, I wish I was good enough to grow all my own herb, but i know they would just wilt up and die.lol.anyways you can see a real,nice cozy patio while you walk up to the door. You are greater by a host to great you if you want a table in the dining room, or you can go right into a small bar area.Service was good the entire. I really dug the decor.  Hard to explain,  but it was a little dark and just overal hip and romantic at the same time. What I'm trying to say I would feel just as comfortable with my buddies here as if I was on a romantic date with my wife. That is super cool. Now for the food. We ordered the calamari and shrimp appetizer called Fritto Misto. Wow, when that came out it was just awesome! I couldn't believe how juicy the shrimp were. The sauce was also great for dipping.  I would totally order this again!For the pizza we ordered the Proscuitto Cotto. It wasn't what I was expecting, even though the server told me. But there was no cheese on the pizza, just proscuitto and a smokey tomato sauce. It was good, but I wouldn't order it again. I'd like to try something with cheese on it next time.Also while we were dining the music track playing was surprising good! I saw a fellow Yelper that commented in how much the music rocks. He's right, every song was good!  I will be coming back to the Parlor again. This time to try a pizza that more fits me, and I would expect my rating to improve afterwards. Overall The Parlor is a great local Phoenix restaurant. I can't wait to take my out of town friends here
4	Had a really great lunch here. The place is VERY unassuming from the outside, but the food AND service is spot on. We split a salad and a pizza- with 2 glasses of wine... it came out to a very reasonable price. I definitely recommend this spot if you're in the area!
5	Anyone who knows me is well aware that I'm a fan of this place!!  I've frequented The Parlor since it opened, and will continue going there until they kick me out!!  The staff is amazing, you couldn't ask for better people...and the food?  Well - lets just say I crave so many of the items on the menu it would seem like I was getting paid by them if I rattled off all the amazingness here :)  I will say that Michael hit a home run with the Parlor Star cocktail.  It's my new favorite!!  (and I never go for gin drinks...ever)  You have to check this place out!!  Happy Hour is great! The 1/2 price appetizers will get you hooked and the portions are so large will fill you up!  But be sure to leave room for the pizza!!  It doesn't matter which one you choose - they're all awesome!  Pair it with the Parlor Insalada and you're set!  Happy Eating!!
5	Love this place!! Everything we've tried has been a hit. Our absolute favorite pizza is the Salsiccia. And please try the cheese platter, but ask for extra bread because you'll want to dip it in the pesto they serve with it. Or go ahead and dip your pizza crust in it if you don't just drink it.
5	Awesome place!!! very fresh and tasty. service was great as well. definitely will go back.
5	Best pizza we've had in a long time! The ambiance is beautiful, the service is great! I had a mixed drink that was delicious & my husband and I shared two pizzas that were both perfectly delicious. Highly recommend!
5	One of the few restaurants I rarely tire of. The only pizza place where the dough and cheese that constitutes one of their delicious pizzas never leaves me feeling tired, groggy, and gross afterward. How do they do that? I love pizza, but most of the time, eating it (eating too much of it...) is physically taxing and leaves me wanting to nap and flog myself for getting into a situation where i'm going to feel full and uncomfortable for hours on end after the meal. But this pizza, though more than satiating, is cloudlike, easier to digest, and airly floats rather than settles rock-like in the stomach. How often is pizza compared to a satiating cloud? Not often!!I love the atmosphere of this restaurant too, though if the food were mediocre or bad, the stars above would reflect that. The atmosphere only adds a sixth star if that was an option. The Parlor used to be a beauty parlor, which everyone knows by now, but no one knows that my grandma used to get her hair done there.I love their appetizers. The bay shrimp in the frito misto melt in the mouth, and even the calamari is not rubbery.  The salads are not just afterthoughts here. The parlor insalata is almost as good as the pizza, which crispy chickpeas, fresh greens, kalamata olives, flavorful tomatoes (not bland red chunks of what looks like tomato), feta, lovely vinaigrette dressing, and probably a few other ingredients i am forgetting. I could go on and on. But I won't....Just wanted to add to the other compliments toward this locally owned restaurant.
5	Pizza was fantastic! Great fresh item menu. Great craft beer selection amazing wine selection. Ask for Michael at the bar to make the perfect cocktail.
2	Great food every time we eat here. But...Hostess with short bangs and sandy blond hair was extremely rude when we asked to have a candle added to our table (since our candle was out at our table). I have never seen someone so put off by a simple request when being seated. Next, a server came to refill our water, we asked her if she could take our chef boards selection sheet, my wife replied "that is not our server" and then the lady rudely responded "thanks so much for knowing we are different people!"  After, we decided to leave the restaurant and take our business elsewhere. Have to question how this place is in business when everybody there is so pissed off that works there?
5	Awesome pizza. I'm from the SF Bay Area and we have good pizza there (toot toot). Pizza was fresh, local, and delicious. They grow their own ingredients and make everything from scratch apparently. Very good prices too. Definitely get "The House". Nice atmosphere too. And complimentary valet.
5	I have been wanting to come here for quite some time now. It was a busy Saturday night, but service didn't suffer.We ordered some beers, steak panzanella salad, and the "famous" salsiccia pizza.The salad had much more steak than I expected, cooked nicely and flavorful. Not a shining star, but good. The pizza was heaven. The dough was so light and fluffy like eating a cloud. Flavorful sausage and the other toppings make for a delicious pizza. We will be back for sure!
5	I came here with a friend for dinner last night and it definitely lived up to expectations! We got two pizzas and the cauliflower appetizer off the happy hour menu and they were excellent. We tried the funghi pizza based on the recommendation of a friend and they were great! The cauliflower dish was excellent to share and was a good started before the pizza. 8 inch was perfect as a personal pizza.They have great outdoor or indoor seating and isn't too loud. Parking was a bit of a pain but the food was worth dealing with it. I would definitely come back again!
4	That cauliflower appetizer.  YUM!This is a cool space with a great happy hour.  I just stopped in for a quick bite with some friends but will be back to explore that impressive looking drink menu.  And the Duck sandwich.... yes... I will be having that again as well!
2	Honestly this place is over rated. It has a atmosphere but the pizza is not a good as everyone says it it. The pizza looks cool, and have cool options to choose from, but the pizza it self is just OKAY. I might go back if I get invited but I would not suggest this place.
4	I f*$#%& love this place. Really delicious, crisp pizza with just about any combination of high quality toppings you can manage to dream up. Unique cocktails and good wine. Ample parking.AND THE RESTAURANT IS BEAUTIFUL!Only downside is the service (in my experience) is kind of hit-or-miss. Not bad enough to not come back, but definitely not always what you're hoping for at a place with this much potential. Also, not open on Sundays, which makes zero sense to me. =(
4	This is a cool place to get drinks in the bar with friends, and definitely worth going for dinner!  The pizza is tasty and the specialty cocktails are sheik and delicious!  As a fan of architecture and design, the Parlor has one of the best atmospheres in Phoenix!
4	Fabulous pizza crust, just like the reviews said! I don't normally eat the crust, but I did eat this crust! I got the Margareta pizza, but added sauce, and my husband built his own. We both loved or pizzas. You could just tell the ingredients were quality! Tasted so good! We also tried the cauliflower as an opener. It was good, but nothing I'll die if I don't have it again. We prefer our cauliflower a little more cooked.  The service was just fabulous from the moment we walked in the door.
2	ouch...i really was excited to try this place...came here after a long day excited and hungry. our party of 5 was seated quickly and our server was quick to come take our drink orders but that's pretty much where the service stopped.we had a few questions when we were ordering and our server was somewhat impatient with us but that wasn't enough to ruin my experience.after taking our order i asked if they had bread or anything before the food came since we were starving and our server replied and said "we dont have any bread but i can heat up some focaccia for you guys" i quickly said thanks and a few minutes later he brought out 3 pieces of bread. it was decent, but nothing special..little did we know it would cost us $3 for 3 small pieces of bread... i mean common are you serious?! any normal person would think that the bread was complimentary.. i was shocked to see us charged for the bread and also at the outrageous price of a dollar a piecepizza was not that great, very thin (that's not what I'm complaining about) but flavor was not that great, the pasta tasted like it was frozen even though they said it was made in house but very hard and didn't seem fully cooked.no refills on water, no checking up on us the whole mealservice: 0 starsfood: 1 staryea I'm glad I was only here on vacation since there's no way I would be coming back
5	If a gal can have a spectacular time while on an uncomfortable date, a place Rocks. So was my first introduction to The Parlor. (Hey, to be fair, I didn't realize a date was in the works. Turns out you can't say yes to just meeting up for drinks. Things are Assumed.)Anyhoo. My only criticism of The Parlor is how popular it is. I showed up earlier than my fella (not MY fella, the guy) and wasn't sure where to go. This place is *so* popular it's kind of hard to sort out where to stand. The bar was buzzing and the outside area was hopping. So as a single gal I kind of hovered until I could procure wine. If you're with a group of friends the fun vibe of this place provides energy. Fast forward to an unofficial Yelp event. Heck no! I wasn't going to miss Happy Hour! This time I knew the deal-O about finding the entrance. Tip: Don't drive like a race car driver. The entrance requires sharp precision turning. Miss it and you'll love (really) dealing with Camelback traffic. It's fabulous I tell ya'.HAPPY HOUR | A Blessed ThingM-Sat (3-6pm)$3 Drafts...aaaaand then I pretty much stopped listening.But no, wait! The 8" pizzas are only $7 (!)Ok, fine. More details. There are 16 beers on tap. Well drinks are five bucks.Additionally there are a handful of appetizers at $5.BARSeated like a Queen I met the most Awesome Bartenders. The worst part? I have no idea what their names are. Impeccably dressed they serviced a full bar and were happier than clams. Dressed to the nines. (If that means Hipster Plaid and a bowtie!) I *almost* ordered The Parlor. The amount of care put into producing this gin cocktail was impressive.PIZZAIf you're with a picky eater (ahem, a bad date) the staff is more than happy to modify a pizza on the menu for you. I speak highly of the Salsiccia, Spicy BBQ and the Prosciutto Cotto. The service here is on a grand scale. Front to back, hostess, bar, table service. I've enjoyed both of my visits. Can't wait to visit to scarf down some more pizza! (Oh! Please note that parties of 8 or more will be billed on one check.)
5	What a great place especially if you like great pizza and beer. I got the mushroom pizza and paired it with the Short Hop Session IPA from Four Peaks. The decor is great there too. They used reclaimed wood all over the bar area. A really nice touch. Brian was my bartender and took great care of me. Check this place out.
5	I've been here a few times and always enjoy it. On our most recent visit we sat at the chefs table/bar. It was by coincidence but ended up being the best seat in the house. Chef offered us complimentary dessert and additional starter portion just to be kind. The food is amazing for a pizza joint. I definitely recommend it and ask to sit at the chefs table!
4	I've been steered wrong before by places that were featured on the Food Network. I'm happy to say that The Parlor is not one of them. After hearing great things from friends and reading the great reviews, I finally made it in (they're closed on Sundays). We happened to go during Happy Hour on a Saturday and was seated right away. It wasn't crowded at all. I loved the decor and vibe of the place right away.We ordered their cauliflower dish, which was described to us as an adult mac and cheese. It was delicious and not something I've had before. We also ordered one margherita pizza. It's a true margherita style where there's no tomato sauce but slices of tomatoes instead. While it was good, something felt missing. I think some freshly grated parmesan or hot olive oil drizzled on top would have done the trick. I'm not one to add salt to my food, but I think this pizza could have used some. I'm thinking that one of their other pizzas with toppings would do the trick.Overall, you can't beat their Happy Hour prices. I'll definitely be back to try something else!
4	This place has some of the best pizza I have ever had. I love the decor and how friendly the staff is. The best part about this place is the cocktails. I do not usually drink mojitos but the one at the parlour will blow your mind. The restaurant does tend to get busy at lunch and dinner times, and their parking in back is pretty limited,  so I would watch out for that.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in town. Nice atmosphere and good service. Yukon Gold pizza is amazing. They have a great beer selection, too. Been three times in the past few months and will go back many more.
4	Great atmosphere. Great bar. Decent pizza, not the best in town. I will be back.
4	The Parlor used to be my go to place for lunch with co-workers.  Then I changed jobs.  :(  Now, it's a treat and yes, I make the drive for this "treat" fairly frequently because I crave the mushroom and goat cheese pizza.  I've been disappointed by the pasta dishes I've tried so now, I stick to the pizzas and charcuterie board (and occasionally salads).  Their wine list is pretty good and surprisingly, most of the servers are well educated on the wine list!  Two thumbs up for that.  Sometimes the service can be a tad relaxed (read: slow pace) so, if you're there on lunch, do let your server know!  They're attentive and will move things along a bit faster for you if they know you have a time limit.
3	It's a nice atmosphere -- refreshing and welcoming but also casual. It's the kind of place for a meal out with friends or low pressure date. Service is friendly and mostly attentive although a bit infrequent (checked on us when we didn't need anything, but when we did was nowhere to be found).Good wine selection. I got a Bordeaux that wasn't too heavy but with a nice coating in the mouth-feel and paired well. The pizza, though, isn't anything that special for an "artisinal" spot, and I get the feeling -- with the soft atmosphere and vibe -- that the place thinks it has better pizza than what it actually does. It's not bad. I got the Margherita pizza, and it was pretty good. It's light and mild but a bit bland, especially the crust. I was expecting a little bit better given that it purports to have the house "homemade mozzarella."Can we talk about the weird mandatory valet parking? What? Valet for this casual pizza place? I can understand parking getting to be an issue, particularly on weekend nights, but when I tried to park in a lot full of spots on a Tuesday night was told I needed to use the valet service. It gave me a bitter experience heading in. Valet is only needed on peak nights, not ordinary weeknights.
4	Like this place. Great vibe and ambiance. Had the beet salad which was good. The beets were good. The dressing was good. The presentation was nice. My only criticism is that the salad was a bit small for an entree salad and could have been a little larger for the price.
4	Nice spot. Great bar and happy hour. Good is great and innovative. I've met the owner as is a really nice guy with a great vision for what he wants the restaurant to be.
5	Still pretty freaking good. We shared the mozzarella corrozza salad. It was very good! The fried mozzarella was delicately fried, not greasy or heavy like a mozzarella cheese stick. The Prosciutto was high quality and delicious. We had a funghi pizza and we are both crazy about mushrooms. We loved it. Every component worked together fabulously. I still don't know how they make the crust so damn light and fluffy.We are customers forever.
5	My favorite pizza in Phoenix! My friends' favorite go-to dinner spot together. Great ambiance and great food.
1	We are shocked how badly the restaurant has deteriorated over the last 12 months, since the exit of their top chef. Now the seafood linguine features overcooked, rubbery seafood, and whole prawns which, since they are not peeled, force diners to immerse their hands in tomato sauce to extract prawns from their shells. The pizza, which used to be their signature dish, is now a distant shadow of what it used to be - soggy, unappetizing and bland. The service is now proffered by inhospitable servers who need to be told to provide plates and cutlery.
5	Everyone has their favorite pizza place, this is my very close runner up.  Toppings so fresh some are grown on site; this beauty parlor turned pizza salon is the best "fancy pizza" encountered to date.  Distinctive delicious specialty pizzas such as the Puttanesca along with formidable performances on classics like "just pepperoni and sausage".  Their wine, beer and cocktail selection endorse the chic mood, then authenticate upon delivery to the palate; a mojito crisp enough for the aroma to reach us before it did our lips, an in-season draught, and a chardonnay buttery enough to slip past a rough day.  Classy casual ambiance with "still able to have conversation" audio level,  well worth 20% tip service make the Parlor good for a date with someone special, happy hour, and/or visiting with out-of-towners.  Venturing away from pizza will have auspicious results; so it's also promising for local regulars and high quality take-out.  The 8" or 12" pies will leave some wanting more, while allowing others to indulge and still watch their figure.  Parking can also get lean, so have some cash ready to take advantage of the valet that's available during busier times.  Very cosmopolitan, we can still see their pizza parlor roots offering the regular menu combination of a 12" pizza and pitcher of beer for $25.
4	The ambience was just as I remembered - nice place for a weekend dinner with friends.  The food wasn't bad either.  I ordered the Yukon gold pizza and modified it to include jalapenos instead of pancetta - as a white pizza it was pretty tasty and the 8" is perfect for one person.  As a group we ended up sharing the Tiramisu - though moist, felt there was Rum missing as in traditional tiramisu or at least, there wasn't enough to taste.  Overall, a pretty good experience for a Friday night with friends!
5	I love it when the server smiles so much you feel like you walk out of the restaurant a better person. That happened tonight. I am partial to The Parlor especially since I am partial to the Nello's in Ahwatukee where Eric Mei got his start. We adore Eric and adore The Parlor. Tonight we got frito mixto, cauliflower, and cavatappi. So worth the drive!
1	What a shit hole!!! Pizza is to die for, but the snooty attitudes and the punk ass fifteen year old 'valet' driver makes it not worth it at all. Oh yeah, if the valet is old enough to have a license, looks like a shit and had an attitude. I'm not going to let anyone drive my 700+HP sport car if he has no experience driving or isn't even old enough to grow a beard. By the way though, it's not a valet, he parks your car fifteen feet from the door... There is closer self serve parking...Again, awesome flavor, but who wants to walk in a pizza hut and have everyone turn their nose up to you because they know what an item on the dish is that THEY CAN'T EVEN PRONOUNCE CORRECTLY!!
2	Great area, pretty place. Good atmosphere. We were greeted promptly and say quickly. And then about 20mins later after we sat, we were served after I had to get up and walk across the restaurant to tell our hostess. And after we were served, the service was boring and lazy. It was a disaster. Ruined my dinner. But honestly. That was a huge mistake and we weren't comps or given a small discount or even an apology from the manager. I'll go back and try it again for a better review. But still.
5	Delicious, high-end pizza at a low, low price. Its like champagne taste on a beer budget. That's something I can deal with! Yum! I love the garden out front and their wine selection. Oh! And who can argue with the cute parlor chairs at the bar? Fun, yum, and cheap. Its the perfect trifecta.
5	Pepperoni pizza with pesto sauce is AMAZING! Service and atmosphere is great too. Easily one of my new favorite places.
3	My wife and I visited The Parlor for the first time this evening. We had the 8 inch pepperoni pizza and it was amazing! The dough is made with beer giving a light, fluffy, and chewy texture. Cooked perfectly, mozzarella was the right amount of salty and creaminess. The pepperoni had great flavor, not to greasy or salty. We also ordered the bolognese with fresh in house made pappardella! The pasta was perfectly done and cooked. My wife's sauce is better but they did a good job. Only getting three star because of the all around service. We had to ask several times for the wine chiller and the staff was not very attentive during the course of the meal. We finished off with pineapple Zeppole  and this came out piping hot with a delicious caramel sauce and side of whip cream. All in all we will go back.
5	The Parlor is definitely one of the best restaurants in Phoenix. This place has great atmosphere, amazing food, spot on cocktails, and reasonable prices. It's always the first place I take friends when they visit from out of town. The pesto pizza is to die for and the cauliflower gratinata is the perfect appetizer. Give The Parlor a shot. You won't be disappointed.
5	The ambiance, service and food were excellent. The sausage pizza is the best I've ever had. Banana trifle dessert was also spectacular.
5	My cousins and I love to try new places, last night we went to The Parlor. Amazing food, atmosphere, and staff. The owner was there and he came over and introduced himself. We shared four different pies and four different desserts, each had something we liked. Definitely try the Smokey pie and the Pineapple Zeppole dessert!! Yum!!
5	This restaurant was truly excellent. Loved just about everything about it. Came here once months ago, do not know why I have not been back yet!Our server was very nice, it was my first time there and she took time to answer my questions fully and such. I ordered a pizza that seems to no longer be on the menu? Wondering if maybe the stuff on it is just out of season or something, because I'd be so sad if it is permanently gone! I got a pizza with butternut squash, marcona almonds, goat cheese, some sort of leafy green, a swirl of balsamic, and marcona almonda. I am completely obsessed with pizza, especially unique pizzas, and The Parlor makes a mean pizza. I inhaled the whole thing in what felt like minutes.Planning on coming back and introducing The Parlor to my pizza-loving family members to see what they think!
4	This is my wife's favorite place for pizza and I like it quite a bit, too.  Very tasty, service is always great, too.  I'd give them 5 stars if their parking situation was better.  Valet is never complimentary unless you're a jerk that doesn't tip.  Let me park my own car and you get 5 stars!
4	The restaurant was neat, I ordered pizza to go and the flavors were spot on!!! I got arugula, smoked prosciutto and mozzarella. I wish they cut up the toppings so it was easier to eat and I really really wish my pizza was cooked slightly longer. I don't want a droopy slice of pizza, I want cripsy thin crust!!! If it was cooked lover I would give it a 5. But I will try other pizza places before going back to soggy slices
2	I had the Fettuccine Amatriciana and it just tasted like mediocre spaghetti with tomato sauce and fatty pieces of pork. Not really my style.
5	I'm pretty obsessed with pizza, especially unique personal pizzas.My boyfriend and I made a stop here on the way to Sedona - Thanks to the help of my fellow yelpers.Unlike many of the businesses we saw in the area, this restaurant was busy!I really liked the modern design, decor, and classy feel of the Parlor.  We ordered the Duck club and made our own pizza.The pizza was really delicious!  The ingredients were so fresh, and I love the rich taste of the oils and cheesy crust.  I almost ordered one for take out!5 stars for food, but 4 stars for service. The waitress gave us attitude when we tried redeeming our free yelp desserts, and wasn't too friendly to us throughout our visit.  Luckily the food was superb!  I would definitely come back if I'm ever back in the area.
5	If your looking for stupid good pizza, pasta, & drinks--go 2 the Parlor!! Watch out though, the waiters are good @ up-selling menu items during happy hour!
5	The Parlor is hands down our favorite "high end" pizza place in the valley.  I've never had something on the menu I didn't love, and the greens and veggies are so fresh!  My son declared their arancine(i) to be almost as good as mine, ha!  This is a huge compliment, because, honestly, mine is pretty freakin amazing.  We've always had great service and wonderful food here.  The Summer Corn Pizza (used to be the Mexican Street Corn Pizza) is a must try, as well as the Smokey.
4	I love the food at this place, especially when it is on happy hour prices.  The pizzas are fantastic and the fritto misto are crispy and not oily.  The beer selection is pretty good and the specialty cocktails look very inventive.  Judging by how much the lady next to me at the bar was raving about her cocktail, they must taste really good too.  The only qualm I have with this place is the service.  It's very slow and I can't remember any time when the server or bartender came back soon after we got our food to ask if we needed anything else.  Once they give you your food, the service is very hands off.  If the service was more attentive, they would easily earn 5 stars.
5	The Best bartenders, Best drinks, and delicious food! It is so relaxing and inviting, classy and eco-friendly design!
5	Pizza game is strong. Loved the atmosphere, good parking. We ordered the bbq chicken pizza, it was the perfect amount of spicy and sweet. The cheesy caulifower for an appitizer, I loved the cheese combo not too heavy just creamy and delicious.
5	My boyfriend and I love to go out to eat in midtown.  Great vibe in a very cool building. All the food was amazing.  He had a custom pizza and i had the beet salad.  We split a cheese board and had a couple cocktails. The service was excellent.  We will be going back again soon.
5	Simply one of the best dining experiences we've enjoyed! Great atmosphere fabulous pizza amazing cocktails and great service!
4	This is one of my normal hangouts on Friday night.  However, instead of sitting at the bar, I sit at the barber chair right next to the pizza fire pit.  Regarding the pizza, they have one of the best sausage fire pit pizza's in the valley.  They rival Pizzeria Bianco but its one of those nicer places which you should really eat the pizza with silverware instead of using the traditional hand method.  For this reason, it just doesn't feel right.I normally order the steak panzanella with spicy pecans which is delicious.  The romesco sause, NY grilled streak, and greens is just a perfect fit.  Regarding the environment, its a nice place to relax after a long week at work.
2	Gosh, this pizza place is so good. Great patio, great atmosphere, BUT........... omg. Horrible customer service. We waited 25 minutes for our food come out. I needed napkins and a extra plate, i had to go get it myself because the waitress was no where to be found, I had to ask a different waitress for hot sauce.. I don't know.  It was a mess.. Butttt on the brighter note. I had the margheritta pizza, yummmmmm. Heaven. Honestly, I'll just go in next time, take it to go so I don't have to do deal with rhe employees.  :/
5	They have the best cocktails! They are all made with great, fun and creative ingredients- not to mention they are a blast to watch being made, if you are sitting at the bar. The pizzas are also top notch and amazing. The only compliant I would make is that the valet company they use is RUDE.
3	The good is great!!  Any of the pizzas are a great option but my favorite is the margherita and the funghi.  The tiramisu is to die for.  Now, about the service...super slow.  I wouldn't recommend coming for lunch during work.  Also, at this visit, I had a dirty fork and a hair on my plate.  I'm hoping this is an isolated incident as I really enjoy coming here.
4	Love this spot. Some of the best pizza in town with soft, airy crust, not to mention great pasta dishes, yummy desserts, and amazing drinks. Try the funghi if you like mushrooms - the mix of cheese, truffle oil, and mushrooms is to die for. And don't miss the garden mojito, my favorite take on a classic cocktail. This place is good for lunch or dinner, with high top bar seating, a small but charming patio that successfully shields guests from busy Camelback Road, and a sizable dining room. Service is always good although sometimes a bit slow, but with a delicious pie and a strong cocktail, you won't mind even if it is.
5	I like Pizza, but it's not really on my top 20 favorite foods...until now. This place is just amazing. Everything is fresh and I have showed this spot to a lot of people...everytime blown away by how good it is. I use to live right down the street so I was a regular customer, probably 2 times a month for 2 yrs. They were always consistant, but I always got it to go....so I can't comment on the service.
1	I have eaten here about 8 times and most of the time I get the en salata salad. At $14 it was always a bit expensive for me, but it was good enough that I ordered it. Not anymore and I won't eat there again. The salad is the same price, but now much, much smaller. They used to include quite a bit of salami, but now you can barely find it anywhere in the salad. Really a complete rip off.
5	This place is awesome! Fresh made pasta with great ingredients. The bolognese will definitely be a repeat! The outside patio seating is cozy, perfectly decorated. Libby explained the menu well and an amazing server! I will definitely be coming back again.
4	Crowded but good food and drinks.  Excellent customer service too.
4	Great food and great service! Morgan was amazing, very patient with our indecisiveness. Ask for her when you come here!Pizza had a nice char, we ordered the Calabrian. They also have pizza and a pitcher for 25 bucks and pasta and a bottle of wine for 35. Great deals!
4	Had a great Friday lunch here and will definitely go back when I'm visiting the Phoenix area again.  Incredible pizza (the smokey), salad, and killer wine list!
5	I had no idea what to expect when my friend told me this is where she wanted to take me in the future. It looked basic from the outside, but as we walked closer into the restaurant. I was impressed! This place has a great layout for perfect romantic, and fancy place to take your girl, or guy out for a special dinner. Well, i felt special knowing the fact that she wanted to surprise me here in the future. Lighting was right, alittle noisy, but it was ok. I enjoy the social noise. The waitress was very helpful and respectful towards us ordering. She definitely kept us happy. And the food didnt take long at all surprisingly. The food was great! Presentation was definitely nice to go along with the amazing taste. Very tasteful, nice and light, juicy, and creamy. The desserts will melt in your mouth with every bite. Maybe its just cuz i enjoy food in general, but id take another risk to go back here and try something else. The portion of the pasta dish was somewhat small. Wish i got double the amount for the price i paid for. Still enjoyable though. Overall, this place is rated a five star to me nust cuz the fact that i was impressed that this is where my friend wanted to take me in the future. Its that thought that counts. And its an experience, and memory to have for sure. I definitley felt special that night. This place is good. And i recommend it to everyone!
2	The Pizza: 9The sandwich: 7The service: 4The cost: atrocious $9 for a vodka and Soda?? $18 for a tiny pizza? C'mon now
3	Good pizza but tasted better and worse, service is excellent,.pizza good but overrated and too pricy,
5	Excellent wine and honestly, the best veggie burger I have ever had! It is really hard to find a veggie burger that is not dry and after a few bites, just lose most of the flavor. Not this guy! This was juicy and full of yumminess all the way until the very end. The service was also great: my son left his cell phone on the table and the nice lady literally ran out into the parking lot to give it back to him. All around great time.
5	Best craft cocktails in Phoenix - yes. Creative dishes full of local ingredients - yes. Great pizza - yes. To avoid the crowds on Friday night, visit on a Tuesday and take advantage of the bottle of wine and a pie special for $35. It's enough for two. But, if you're extra hungry, get a salad or the delicious cauliflower appetizer. Sit in the bar area and let Michael make you the drink of his choice.
4	I'd go back.  Enough good unique food to go back.  The 5 star item was the dessert donuts.
5	Had a great lunch here yesterday.  Just the simple meat and cheese board, but the best we've ever had!  To top it off, the bartender made an old fashioned in an ice ball that you crack with a little hammer to drink.  So creative. Great food, great service.  We'll be back!
4	Awesome beer selection, cool decor, helpful bartender good food. Came in for happy hour and they had some really good deals going on. Got this dish of cheesy cauliflower and it was GREAT. Got the pizza of the day and also really enjoyed that. I got a Odell Mountain Standard and they filled it to the brim! I want to go back and try more things on the menu!
5	Very nice place. Great wine list. The fried calamari was fabulous. Lightly battered and flash fried. Cooked perfectly which is hard to get. I had the Rustic meat pappardelle it was heavenly. Great service!
5	This is the second time we've been here and it was just as amazing as we remembered. The service was great and fast and the food was amazing! We got a meat and cheese board and the soup of the day which was a tomato bisque. The meat and cheese were absolutely fantastic and the soup was mouthwateringly delicious! The autunnale pizza was amazing as well! It was the perfect blend of sweet and salty! We are definitely coming back for more!
4	I am soo  in love with this place that I have to pace myself so I don't go too much. Aaron and Bryan are always attentive and are such professionals.There is another dude there who is mixing up amazing drinks and takes it seriously. I am sorry that I cannot recall his name because he is so worth talking about (glasses, dark hair and quite a mixologist). Do not miss the pecorino tagllatelle it is  e v e r y t h i n g hunty!...and puleeze do not get me started on the banana cream pie trifle (gasp)...oh, and I will continue to have the "orange tree" cause it's awesome!
4	The food and service was great.
4	The cheese they have on their pizza is the best! I have a pizza place down the block from my house but I stopped going there once I found out about this place. DEFINITELY COME HERE!
4	My business partner and I met there for an impromptu lunch and discover a hidden gem.  We took the server's recommendations  for the roasted corn pizza with bacon, then the burger with arugula, tomato, caramelized onion and provolone. ( many other toppings available), and the roasted duck club sandwich. All we amazing, fresh and cooked perfectly.  Just found a new favorite!
4	first experience here at the parlor.  atmosphere and design was beautiful, relaxing.  seated quickly- came on a Tuesday night so half of restaurant was open.  had drinks, appetizers, and 2 different pizzas.  the schriner's. sausage pizza was our favorite. beet salad well done although would have liked a few more beets for a higher priced salad.  service was ok. responsive but not very friendly- otherwise would have gotten 5 stars.  again not too busy. just expect a server to have a smile!  :)
4	I love this place. I think the pizza is stellar. The salads are great too (though I like Postino's better for salad). The fresh house made pasta is good as well. I will say, sometimes I find the flavor combinations a little too rich. Though I'm not complaining- I just have to be in the mood for it.Also, I feel like for a vegetarian- their pizza options are good, but not that exciting. They have a Margerhita- which I like, but many people find that a little too boring same with the pesto. They also have a Funghi, my favorite... and I think that might be it for vegetarian pizza options. I usually order the Funghi. I like it a lot, though I went last Monday and they were very stingy with the Goat Cheese, which was a shame, because you need that tart goat cheese flavor to brighten up the richness of the truffle oil. Without enough it becomes a bit too musky. I also asked them to add arugula to it to help brighten it up. The arugula makes it much better, but still it needed more of the goat cheese. Don't get me wrong- I'm not the type that wants topping piled high- I appreciate restraint, but there just wasn't enough. I wish they had something with a little more veg on it- like juicy sweet roasted cherry tomatoes with artichoke hearts and feta or kalmata olives with I dunno maybe kale, tomatoes and burrata...  Just a little more balanced- rich creamy, sweet, salty and fresh- gotta have some sort of green or herbaceous freshness. Yes, pesto has a green element, but pesto is more rich and pungent, not as fresh... I like fresh cutting herbaceous notes in rich food. I'm not a pizza chef though, so what do I know, but I make some killer vegetarian foods and am a gardener- so I tend to experiment a lot with this stuff. It could be my wonky taste buds... I suppose I am just happy that there are vegetarian options at Parlor rather than salad... That seems to be my experience more often than not in Phoenix... "Sure, we have something vegetarian- try this salad." Thanks jerks! No, but thank you Parlor for having vegetarian options- I apologize for my uneasy to please critiques. It's me, not you.As I write this, I wonder if Parlor is as good as I initially said it was... ,.. ... No worries, yes, it is as good. The selections with meat are killer and unique and the crust is delicious- which to me is the foundation of a good pizza- good crust, good cheese.  It's like with song writing- forget the bells and whistles or auto-tune and beat track, if you can't make it rock with an acoustic guitar and a decent set of pipes- it's probably not that great of a song.Anyway... It's a nice place. Maybe a little pretentious for the dude that eats Tocci's Brooklyn Style on Friday nights... ahem... I'm not talking about my boyfriend or anything. But, definitely a spot worth checking out.
4	Great, unique place!   Food  was  excellent.  Waitress was  very knowledgeable.  Only  downside was  the  wait time for drink refills.
