4	Whoa!  This was an unexpected find for me.  I was in town for business randomly searching around for something to eat and I came across this place by accident.  Good selection of snacks (loaded up for the hotel room).  Not the full blown places like the ones back home, yet It was very cool to run into a place like this out there.
4	I had no idea this place was here, or what all the had to offer. It's not nearly as big as those Asian megamarts. But for its size, New Tokyo certainly packs in a lot of goods.Their prices are very fair as well. I think I spent about $15, and got sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, wonton wrappers, panko (99 cents!). The liquids were all BIG bottles too. I'm kind of annoyed that we were in a hurry. I could have spent a lot of time in there, buying LOTS of stuff. I guess that means that I'll just have to go back -- shoot.
4	I have no idea whether there is a Japanese community in this part of town, but New Tokyo would suit one well.  It's rather small, but they have a wide selection of Japanese, snacks, beverages (including my new fave beer, Asahi Black), refrigerated items, staples, etc.  This is not an Asian market, it's specifically Japanese, so don't expect more than a few crossover items like kimchi.  That being said, sometimes it's good to specialize.  It lets them carry more variety of Japanese products.The cashier was very friendly when I finally stopped loading my basket long enough to check out.  Like the first reviewer, I loaded up with snacks for the hotel room...along with a six-pack of Asahi Black, of course.  Oh, one more important factor...the prices were quite reasonable, in line with most ethnic market imports...maybe even a bit cheaper than usual.
4	This is a great market, with a great selection of dry goods as well as foodstuff. The people inside the store are very helpful and are willing to make special orders if you know just what you want. I will admit, I'm puzzled by what the recording says when I walk in/out, and by what some of the stuff says as I have no understanding of how to read ideograms but great place nonetheless. I've been addicted to Ramune since Matsuri festival last year and this is only one of two places I've seen it since. They have a small selection of sake and beer, but most importantly, all the "junk food," spices, noodles, etc. do atishi mashite New Tokyo!
4	This place and Fujiya Market are the only two Asian markets I've found in Arizona so far that's really JAPANESE.  It is a little far away from where I live so I usually end up going to Fujiya Market but IF I need something specific, I usually make my effort to drive up there.  *Selection in general = this place has more selection than Fujiya Market*Rice = seems a little cheaper than Fujiya Market*Japanese videos/DVDs = rentals and for saleLike Fujiya Market, they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.
5	This is a great little shop that has a wide variety of Japanese goods at reasonable prices.  I tend to fall prey to their freezer section where I buy way too many sweets like daifuku and dango.  They have a great selection of condiments, snacks, candy, pantry goods (such as noodles, rice, curry mixes, furikake seasonings), and other groceries such as tofu and frozen seafood.  In the back, you'll find non-grocery items such as video rentals, stationary supplies, books, dishware, etc.  The owners are quite friendly.  The last time I went, I watched as a first time customer was led around the store according to his shopping list, with the staff member answering all of his questions and explaining the different choices he had.  Awesome customer service!
4	If you're looking for a real Japanese market, this is the place. The place isn't big and can sometimes be a little expensive, but with so few options in AZ this is #1.
4	Okay, I keep forgetting about this market on the west side...I do go here when I do remember instead of Lee Lee & Ranch L Market.I always load up on basic Japanese cooking supplies; and some fun stuff too.They used to have a little cafe in back; I do miss it...
4	Unlike other Japanese markets in the area this one has a good selection and the shelves are always well stocked! The staff and owners are super friendly and helpful and the prices are pretty good. Now If only this was bigger and with an even wider selection it would be perfect!
4	I would give it five stars, I just did not know what I wanted there. If I knew more about the products I would have wanted more. But, they had what I went for, Green Tea Match! And, they even had the little bamboo whisk to blend it with. I saved on shipping, I was about to order these things online.Very friendly too. I will be back for sure.
4	Moved to Prescott 8 months ago. Been Jonesing for some Japanese food supplies and you can't find anything up here in the north. Found this store online and made a trip while going to Scottsdale. Very small store but well stocked for most Japanese eats. Got Soy paper for the wife and got a bunch of other stuff.  Things looked good there, store was clean and people were friendly. I will go back when I need more Japanese cooking supplies.
5	Do you want authentic Japanese food, drink, little toys, book, free newspaper? Don't waste no time, and come to Tokyo food market. This is Da place!!I found this place by accident, to my surprise this turns out fully stocked Japanese grocery / convinience store from heaven. And pricing was juuuust right!! The owner is very very nice gentleman, I chat with him a while and found out how much of knowledge he has for Japan and Japanese biz. I ended up more than I needed, but I'm very happy to go home with so many Japanese grocery items. This is true gem in town!
5	This is a great little store, very clean and the ladies working there are always very friendly.  Their prices actually are better on most things that I've purchased than the bigger Asian stores in town.  They've got a little section of Hawaiian products which can be tough to find elsewhere.
5	Really do love this place. This is where my husband picks up all the fish he uses for Sushi. The couple that runs the place are very knowledgeable about their products are are two of the sweetest people ever. This certainly isn't your big box Asian markets like Asiana or Lee Lee, but they have great products, good prices and really friendly staff. Certainly check this place out, it has amazing food, snacks, and goodies!
5	I love this market. It's no Marukai/Mitsuwa, but I can find what I need here. The staff is so friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.I'm willing to pay the price for the goods (not all are expensive, mind you) for the simple fact that the customer service is great, the store is clean, and the selection is fairly high. I love the lady that helped us out. She was very sweet and caring. I could go on and on about the customer service, but I'll spare you all further pain.Go here, you wont be disappointed (unless you're flat broke.)
5	Awesome Market!!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The selection is great and the prices are very reasonable. I love the selection of Japanese snacks and drinks.
4	Went to New Tokyo Food Market today for some Japanese staples...Miso soup, nori (dried seaweed), Osenbei (flavored rice crackers), Furikake (dried seasoning mix) and Panko bread crumbs for Tempura recipes and they carry many other hard to find Japanese products. Prices are very reasonable and most products are authentic and not Americanized versions. Owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked! Very helpful and nice!  Highly recommend this market located on S/E corner of 35th Ave. and Northern. Parking area is limited however! Banzai!!!!
4	I wanted to make sushi rolls for a while so i looked online if there is any market place where i can buy the main materials and found this little store close to my house so i gave it a try. Found it had everything i needed to make my rolls and at a good price bought set of 20 chop sticks for like two bucks. Will make it my place to buy my supplies.
5	Love this place! Authentic Japanese food and other items. They are a small shop, but have a nice selection and some other ethnic foods as well. (Hawaiian, Chinese, etc.) The staff is always courteous, friendly and willing to help. They won't try and sell you anything. Every time I ask for assistance, they always steer me to the most economical products that will accomplish my goals. A few days ago, I went in pick up some sake for cooking. The older lady (perhaps an owner) asked me if I liked the brand of sake I had chosen. I told her that I had never tried it, but it was for cooking. She recommended that I purchase a much cheaper, smaller bottle if I was cooking with it only and showed me her recommendation. ($2.49) I appreciate their honesty and integrity!
5	Great prices, great selection. I didn't get a chance to look at all of the different sauces and foods - I was too busy deciding which Sake to take home! ;)
4	Love New Tokyo! Friendliest family owned place,  great selection and very fair pricing. Love the homemade salmon triangles,  but you have to get there early or they're gone!
5	This is a great Oriental food market.  I have been to quite a few and I have not found anything close to Tokyo Market.  The ladies are genuinely happy to see you and they understand and speak English, this is in contrast to other Oriental markets I have been to.  Good selection, clean, and I look forward to goig back.  I will be a customer for some time to come.
5	It has been a while since I found myself going to New Tokyo as I had moved out of the area, but I used to go there quite a bit about 5-6 years ago. Since the last time I've gone things have only gotten better! They have quite a nice selection for a small market and their products are VERY well priced! They have the best selection of Pocky out of anywhere I've seen it sold and now they have quite a nice selection of curry, which made me rather happy! If I need a couple quick items I'll definitely be going to Tokyo Market in order to support their wonderful shop and I'll recommend it to everyone! I I'm alredy anxious to go back and buy so more gummys, pocky and ramune! :)
5	My wife is Japanese and -- after visiting the few that exist -- this is the only Japanese market she'll go to in Metro Phoenix.New Tokyo Food Market needs a new name probably (wife thinks calling a Japanese market "New Tokyo" is lame sauce), but inside... it's the real deal. Good selection and friendly staff.Careful though before making the trip: closed on Tues and Weds.
