4	I visited this shop merely because a friend of my mom recommended this place. I am from Los Angeles and has to see a car break specialist because I was not very sure about how much % I have on my front breaks. Scott and Chase were both very honest to let me know that I still have good break pads that doesn't need repair. Although I already knew that the back breaks does not need one, I  still tried to ask them whether they will be telling the truth, and they did. Thank you both for being very honest and i must say that I will definitely recommend your business with my mom's coworker and friends! Good luck  to you guys!
1	Better off doing your own brakes....$ 99 is basically a lure to get you in the door. After being there twice do to faulty install the 1st time. I got to sit in the waiting area for a couple hours both times. During which I couldn't help but notice each customers repair quote jumped from $99 to $350 to $400. Seems everyone's calipers were sticking and causing uneven wear..... Do a little homework on common brake problems before you go in. Odds are they are BSing you and all you need is the $99 job.
1	Seems they love to run the whole spill on calibers and uneven wear. I don't understand places that see a woman walk in and try to upsell them with everything that don't need. Went in to get my brakes done because $99 is the best price in town. BUT they tried to add everything under the sun bringing my bill to nearly 700. That is insane!!! I could've gone to the dealership if that's the price I wanted. Needless to say they will not be getting my business from this point on. If anyone plans to head here be careful!! They are sneaky and try to add things you don't ask for. They don't care about your safety or your well being just about the money you'll be paying out. What ever happen to honest businesses?!?!?!
1	I visited this store today, i got a coupon for 129$ for brakes after 1/2hr giving the car, a named kris called me, told me my car calipers need to be repaired as they were worn out , but my car is 2010 car with 42000miles on it, i was surprised, he told it would cost 700$ but he was willing to do it for 500$, i was totally surprised, i immediately called my car dealer, confirmed that recent cars dont need replacement of the calipers. after my car brakes were fixed i immediately went to car dealer he told me that Just Brakes were notorious for ripping off customers.this is the first review i am writing for any shop, don't go to Just Brakes unless you want to waste your money and time. please read the reviews or check with your friends before going there.
1	DO NOT SUPPORT SCAMMERS!! Worst place ever! Fat guy with glasses mechanic cursing at the customers! Really! My boyfriend brings his truck there for breaks and when they return it the emergency break doesn't work!! They claim "it happens"and say they will fix it. Yeah right! We get it back and the car starts shaking when he accelerates more than 40mph! We bring it back and the mechanic does a test drive and claims it's his tires and they probably had rust behind them! We objected and he said in a snarky tone  "it wasn't us" gave the keys back and walked behind his little office. As I sit here writing the review...he flipped us off and is smiling pacing his work area...unprofessional mechanics, professional scammers!
1	This place is a joke, Will not quote any prices over the phone, they insist they are the cheapest in town, and only use quality products, but will not tell the customers what make of parts they use,, very old style of selling, get the customer in the shop then rip them off. would never use again.
5	My husband and two kids lost a brake pad on our RV while traveling from Truckee to Las Vegas and limped into the shop.  The guys were professional, knowledgeable, and friendly.  They got our RV right in and  immediately got to work. One of the mechanics even loaned us his personal car to get the kids to the hotel.  Very nice crew; kinda like the old days!! A+
3	3 stars and not more because they fix the car but I have my doubts (as with any mechanics).  We're from Los Angeles on a day trip to Vegas when all of a sudden the alternator and battery went out.  First we were looking for Autozone because we thought it was just the batteries.  Unfamiliar with the area we were told to go down Charleston to find Autozone but the car kept stalling and we were getting nervous.  We stumbled on this shop.  They checked and said it's the batteries and alternator, not knowing too much about cars we agreed.  It took about 2 hours.  Anyway, they got the job done but then said we need a fuel system service because of low idling and should go back in a week.  We made it back to L.A. and the car runs fine.  I'll need a second opinion on the fuel system service.
5	I love these guys. Went here on a whim to get my friend an oil change for her car and they were super friendly and fast. There prices were a good $10 less than at the dealership. My Grandma took her Highlander over there because the dealership quoted her $700 for a brake job and a new battery, and Just Brakes got it done for just under $300, with the battery. Last but not least, I brought in my car for a check up before going on a long road trip and they even rotated my tires, all at no cost. These guys dont get the credit they deserve in some of these reviews. You won't be sorry if you go see them for your basic brakes and car maintenance.
3	No the happiest w/ the fact that they charged me $427 for a fuel pump and after the fact I looked it up on Auto Zone and they had the same one in stock for $220! I guess since it was oem I can't complain to much.  But the employees were nice and helpful. They were definitely one worked and under manned. There were two mechanics, like 7 bays and most with cars waiting to be services. I watched and saw, they were hopping between all the vehicles doing a little work on each. Not sure how effective this approach is but what else can they do with such limited workforce? I ended up spending all afternoon there and having to ultimately leave my truck for them to finish it up while they were closed. Their employees are definitely hard workers and did a great job with my truck. Thankfully I have a significant other to pick me up and drop me off in the morning otherwise, not sure what I would've done. Was there from about 1:30 until 7p before finding out it was going to have to stay over night.
