4	Just check out the Rainbow Donuts reviews. These people are cool. The ninja bowls are perfect in flavor, size and variety. I have had the one with Jalapenos, it was hot and good. I had the one with bacon, the greasy bowl... it was good and I have had the regular one large and it was good. I like these better then Samurai Sam's. I think it is the freshly grilled chicken, I don't know.
4	So after reading Daren's review and the others on Rainbow Donuts Yelp page I decided today was the day to finally check this place out.  My friend and I went for lunch and we both really liked it.  She had the Chipotle bowl and I had the Sizzling bowl.  They both had a good amount of spice.  The bowls weren't too greasy and the chicken was cooked very well.  I love teriyaki coming from Seattle and this place is a good one here in Phoenix.  The building isn't in a great location but don't let that worry you the food inside is warm and safe.  :)
4	holy cow...chipotle bowl was hot! I got the large and man was there plenty of meat and rice. I did need a sweet donut after eating the hotness of the rice bowl.
4	So I read the other two reviews and thought that a chicken bowl would be the perfect portion for lunch today. I also chose to get the Sizzling bowl cause I like a little spice in my life. First off it is a little hard to find since it is inside of the Rainbow Doughnut place. Look for the flag on Deervalley. I stood in line behind a guy from a local catering place. That alone tells me not to go to that caterer. But also that the food must be good. Im halfway through my bowl as I write this and wiping the sweat from my brow. It is the perfect amount of heat and the teriyaki flavor comes through just fine. Its cheap, and delicious. I will be back for more.
5	I had the Sizzling ninja bowl, which was awesomely hot and mighty good.  It had jalapeno and siracha sauce, which goes perfectly together with the ninja teriyaki sauce.  Oh, their donuts is the best in town too.  Hot girls serving you is a plus also.
3	My co-workers pretty much had to drag me here, as I'm always skeptical of smaller asian places. I was even more put off by the fact that it's located IN A DONUT SHOP. Got some kind of chicken teryaki bowl with bacon and a fried egg on it. It wasn't amazing but they definitely get points for creativity. Will be back in the future!
4	First of all... I immediately wanted to go to this place because of the name... which sadly they changed to Bobby C's Cafe.Second... who doesn't like a good rice bowl?  They have these MASSIVE rice bowls of different chicken and spiciness... it's AWESOME.  And they are cheap!!!I got the black ninja the first round... good if you like dark meat.  Second go round I got the good ninja... even better if you ask me.The couple that runs the place are so sweet... and they remembered me the second time I came in. (doesn't help that I came in twice that week...heh)Check it out... it is kind of hard to find.  They are in a business center looking area, but they are right on the corner up against Deer Valley with a massive orange sign.
1	Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".  Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differentlyWe were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location:1) Ninja Bowl, http://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenix aka2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafe http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenixaka3) Rainbow Donuts & Deli  http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenixaka4) Bobby C's Cafe  http://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenixOK, it took a bit of hunting, walking around the building 3 times and we finally asked so found it.Now to ordering lunch.  I didn't even look at the menu because I've read the Yelp reviews of Jesse and Darren, so think I'm informed.  In a decisive sweep of confidence I ask for the Chipotle bowl .... and get blank stares. They don't know what this is.  I finally look at the menu and its not there.I order the closest thing, The sizzling bowl.  It arrives and is just what I ordered, a bowl of rice, some chopped small chicken smothered in Spicy sauce with a few Jalapenos.  Add a small drink and I'm at $8.90 with tax.  Although plentiful It was just OK, absent of any veggies but then again all of the bowls are just meat, rice, and sauce except the Veggie Bowl. The girls from the office that I took here for lunch glared at me.  This is not the good glare either.PS - A day later the charge showed up on my credit card online statement as BOBBY C's CAFE
5	Note: Cross reference w/ Bobby C's Cafe. They still have the ninja bowls.
