5	Title Nine is a clothing store for active women.  The branch at Hilldale is the newest of 14 from this California company.  I've bought from their catalog for years, and was thrilled to see them open a shop in Madison.  And after my first visit, it looks like they've done it right.The retail store has limited space, so this fall they've concentrated on their basic and cold weather items.  The space is no-frills attractive, the layout more browsable than tightly organized.  Staff were friendly and helpful, but didn't hover.  The woman who waited on me showed up every so often to put my stuff in a fitting room and answer questions; other than that, she let me do my thing.  Both clerks present that day knew the merchandise.This is not a cheap place to shop.  A top may cost $50, a pair of pants or sweatshirt $75, and outerwear more like $100.  What you get for that is a well-made item that's both functional and attractive, made for movement, and in many cases suitable for athletic, outdoor use.  They're well-sewn, using technical fabrics and other synthetics, as well as some cotton and wool.They will also help you with items from the mail-order catalog, if you want to order something that's not in the store, or have a problem or return.  I have been happy with 95% of what I've ordered from them for the past five years or so.  Having the store is even better, because it takes out the guesswork.
1	The store is very neat and nicely organized. The clothes are pretty, good quality and functional especially if you are active and sporty. The issue I have with this place is the sales staff. A few weeks back I went to the store and bought a sweater and a pair of pants which added up to be north of $140. I happened to wear a sweater I had bought just recently in California in a Title Nine store and it seemed like this irritated the sales person beyond belief. The sweater was also on display in the store when I came in that day. Several times she pointed out how nice the sweater was I was wearing. In general, I would think that is just a way of being nice and making customers feel welcome. However after she said it for the fourth or fifth time I had an inkling that she tried to suggest I has shop-lifted the sweater?! I felt like I needed to defend myself and I mentioned that I had bought the sweater just recently in another Title Nine Store in Cali but she would just not let go and inquired about details. I thought that was very unprofessional and they have certainly lost me as a customer. I can order all the things they sell online. In fact the selection offered at the Title Nine online store is even better.
2	After the latest negative experience here, I am not going back. Saleswoman walked in on me while I was in the dressing room a few days ago, and did not think there was anything wrong with this behavior until I pointed out that this was not appropriate. This was not an accident. She pulled back the curtain knowing that I was in there and without asking my permission. She later apologized and said, "I could see that you were dressed." I had pulled the curtain completely shut, but evidently my body was still visible, which also makes me feel very uncomfortable since the changing rooms open onto the store floor. Every time I go in here, the sales staff either interact so minimally with customers or ask me 4-5 times in 10 minutes if I need anything.
5	Great store for women in their 30's and up.  Those of us that want fun clothes but know we shouldn't be shopping at the "teen" stores anymore, even though we got away with it in our 20's.  I get the catalogs and although this store doesn't carry everything in the catalog, they often have things that aren't in there (which I usually end up buying).  Sales staff are friendly and helpful (they know how the items fit as they also wear them).  Clothes are pricey but that hasn't stopped me...EDIT: The (national) website is a major pain, with stock errors and overpriced shipping and return charges--so be thankful this store is so accessible!
