4	Wow...what luck!  I got one more 'First to Review' reviews!Being at UNLV was the first time I was ever away for a long time from my permanent home on Maui.  It was gratifying to have my own independence, to make decisions on my own.  It was also pretty scary at first, not coming home to a cooked meal, not having your laundry magically done when you come home from school, not having an allowance for stuff you want to buy.  Del Taco right across the street was one of the first food comforts I had as a college student at UNLV, and also one of the reasons I gained the Freshman 20, not 15...20.  I was such a lard!This place brings back some great memories with newfound friends, and the feelings that I could do anything at that time.  Needless to say, I still visit this place frequently.  I think I've visited at least half of the Del Tacos in LV, and the one on Blue Diamond across from Target is the newest.  The decor for all of em' is almost the same, bright red all over the place, light and airy.  You walk in and you can smell the beef (I think it's beef) being mixed in the warmers, and the crinkle-cut fries being cooked in the fryer.  The sight of the Coke machine with Cherry Coke (I love Coke *sigh*), the sound of a cheese quesadilla being made in what looks like a Panini press.  I know, I know, it's not gourmet...but boy does it bring comfort to this chubby eater.This one is fairly new (maybe a year old) so it's pretty darn clean.  The one back on Maryland Pkwy. wasn't as clean, but it never stopped me from eating there!  I just LOVE this place.  The food here is so CHEAP, and for what it is...very yummy.  I occasionally miss when we used to partake in 'Taco Tuesday' back in school.  For those not in the know, 'Taco Tuesday' at Del Taco was 3 tacos for 99 cents.  99 cents!  That was the cheapest I ever saw for tacos at the time.  My college roomies and I used to walk over every Tuesday night after class and stuff ourselves silly for less than 5 bucks!  For a brokea$$ college student this was a godsend.  We used to have contests to see who could eat the most tacos.  You would think a fatty like me would have won, but I always got out-ate by my roomie.  Little Asian guy, you wouldn't think he could eat that much.  His record stands at about 16 tacos in one sitting.  I still go now for tacos on Tuesday, but the price has gone up a bit, I think it's $1.19 for 3 tacos now.Besides usual Mexican fare like tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and nachos, they also serve burgers.  A burger at a Mexican place?  Believe me, with the fries, it's not half bad.  I prefer their burgers over McDonald's.  They also make a burrito and a plate of nachos that's 'Macho' and come in at over a pound!  That's a lot of food for the dollar.  They also got a Value Menu and some combo meals too.  My absolute favorite is combo #12.  It comes with a Spicy Chicken Burrito (chicken, beans, rice, cheese, peppers...it's SPICY), a Chicken Soft Taco, fries,and a drink.  I usually add on a quesadilla with Spicy Jack cheese.  And an extra soft taco (hee hee...me's a piggy).  Yum-O!  Sorry Rachael Ray.  They also serve breakfast.  They got this $2.00 breakfast deal going on right now that has 2 Egg & Cheese Burritos, and 5 hash brown sticks.  Great if you need a quick meal in the morning for minimum moolah.  Oh yeah, and they serve premium milkshakes too...and they're not half bad!  My fav is strawberrry.If you've never been here, you don't know what you're missing.  They possibly serve the best 'not-really-Mexican-but-somewhat-close-but-more-Americanized' Mexican fast food out there!  And for all of you college students out there carrying on the Del Taco legacy...I salute you!  Eat with pride!  Don't worry Roberto's I still love you, and deem you as the place I will most likely have a heart attack!Try Del Taco!  Es muy delicioso!
5	OMG.. The last two nights, I got off work extremely late with no lunch breaks. So of course, I am starving...The first night I go to McDonalds that is right down the street from my house (bad service to begin with)...comes to find out as I was walking in thru the gas station part that they were closed due to upgrades on their computer softwares. DANG IT. So I drive down the road to Taco Bell (also bad service).. DANG IT DANG IT... I had to drive even further which was Carl's Jr. As I am going thru the drive thru, the computer comes on and says that they were closed as well. WTF.. All the restaurants by my house are freaking closed and I WAS HUNGRY. Now, I am pissed, hungry, and sleepy....So I made one more attempt and went even further away from the house to Del Taco... YAAAAAAAYYYYY Someone was open. So I ordered the combo #5 which is the two BIG FAT tacos, fries, and a soda. Then I ordered a side order of jalapeno rings. The total came out to a little over $9. Boy was I satisfiied. Then there was last night as well that I was starving once again with no lunch break from work. So I went thru the drive thru again. This time, I ordered two orders of jalapeno rings, a chicken del taco carbon, shredded beef del taco carbon, and the steak del taco carbon. My stomach was full, but I was happy to have a full stomach after long night at work. THANKS DEL TACO for being open 24 hours.
3	Big fries!
3	This chain of faux-Mexican fast food joints will always hold a special place in my heart. After a night on the strip, my buddies and I were looking for something quick and good. This is not what came to mind for everyone else. I couldn't wait to have some chicken soft tacos! They had Raising canes in mind.It was in sight and only after we arrived at the drive-thru and they were closed, we proceeded over to Del Taco.We ordered $30 worth of food and scarfed it down licketly-split. The "beef" is sub-par but the chicken products are outstanding. Spicy Jack Chicken Quesadilla, the Chicken Soft Tacos, and Chicken Burritos. Brilliant!
3	Great spot for a quick bite if your in the mood for Mexican.  However if you have time to sit and eat, you are much better served driving 2 miles west and dining at Cafe Rio.
4	What can I say...it is authentic Mexican flavor in 3 minutes or less! This location looked almost brand new, although I know they have been there for a few years at least.  The staff was prompt, efficient and courteous.
5	The Del Beef Burrito is Da-BOMB!!!!!
3	Usually come here late-night.  Depending who you get helping you, usually the guys are cool, but their drive-thru lady can be not so friendly hence the 3 stars.  So service at night ranges from 1-5.  The food is good, but like any fast food not great.  Although I will say their steak tacos al carbon are pretty good and pair well with their most often than not fresh crinkle cut fries.  In my opinion if you want to avoid the gift that continues giving (diarrhea if you didn't know) that Taco Bell gives with every purchase come here.  Or get your Pepto ready at that other place.
4	This is another establishment (along with Jack in the Box and In 'n Out) that East Coast residents are not so fortunate to have available.Now, this may sound like utter blasphemy, but... out of the three above that I tried, I have to say that I liked Del Taco the best.  It reminds me of an upscale Taco Bell, if there is such a thing.  The burritos that I tried were very fresh, well made and quite filling (though I was a bit puzzled by the fries that they're paired with - somehow a burrito and fries don't mesh well in my mind, you know what I'm saying?).  The prices are about on par with the Taco Bell establishments around here... but, yeah, the food at Del Taco is definitely better-tasting.  The countergirl was a sweetheart.  We had a brief conversation about how we over here on the East Coast didn't have such luck and how I was going to miss them when we left Vegas, heh.  True story.  She's probably heard it all before, though.Eventually when we move out West (which we're planning), I'll have this deliciousness all of the time.
2	Being from the Midwest, I'd never had Del Taco. Can't really say I've missed anything: the bag probably had more flavor than the cold, limp fries and unmelted cheese on the all-lettuce "chicken" tacos.
2	I don't know if quality has gone down or my tastes have gotten better but there food is pretty gross. Del Taco use to be one of those late night, I'm drunk and hungry or I'm out shopping need a quick and easy bite, I think I'll get a taco kind of place. The last few times it's been gross. Meat is mushy and has a weird smell and taste. I even tried a milkshake recently, even that was almost tasteless.I have vowed not to waste my money here anymore. It's been placed on my blacklist.
4	This is my favorite Del Taco location in all of Las Vegas.  It is often my second stop (after Starbucks) after landing at Mccarran and picking up my rental car.  The staff have always been polite (even if not fully friendly) and the food has been consistently fresh.  Never a problem using a coupon or offer here either.  My favorite: they have crinkle-cut fries.  Yummy with their macho nachos (even if quite the fat-laden meal).
5	fast, friendly, cost effective, get it right, close to the office and never has a long line.. I cant say anything better about Del Taco. I come here to pick up taco packs for the office and a few tacos for the hubs when he cant leave the office. It's priced very well and I can drive off with a lot of food for under $5 for 3 people.. I cant cook for less that that!
