5	YUMMMMMMMMMM.  I frequent Calabria for my Italian Sandwich fix about once a month.  I get the Sicilian, which is a variety of Italian cold cuts in the the tastiest loaf of bread in town (sorry willow).  Maybe it's b/c it reminds me of the Italian Grocer (on a much smaller scale) that my Nonna used to take me to, but nonetheless-- this sandwich is DIVINE.  DeFalco's is good and has more of a larger Grocer selection but the bread at Calabria is much better tasting and the sandwich itself is more authentic tasting.  Prices run pretty high for a sandwich but it is huge and I suggest you just get oil and vinegar on it.  Worth every red cent. You gotta try it!
2	OK... While I do agree with some previous posters that Calabria is WAY better than any fast food options (and yes, Subway is fast food, people), I find a lot to be lacking at Calabria.Located in the awesome Historic Gold Spot, I really wanted Calabria to have the charm of an Italian deli one would find in Northern New Jersey.  But, alas... It has all the charm of yet another strip mall store you find everywhere in Phoenix. Yes, they do have what seem to be fresh meats and cheeses, but the sandwiches are in my opinion lackluster. I once tried one of their arancini and found it to be very similar to hush puppies like I grew up with. Fried within an inch of its life and not very tasty. Having said that, their lasagna is tolerable. To me, the problem with Calabria is the value for what you're paying. It's like a $10 lunch that's more of a $5 value. Plus, I hate the way they've taped over their menu sign with little strips of white paper the items they no longer carry. Tacky.
4	We live in the building right next door to Calabria.  Before we moved in, I was sort of excited to see the word "grocery" so close.  You know, for those milk emergencies.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed to find that Calabria is NOT a grocery store - just a restaurant that offers an EXTREMELY limited selection of "grocery" items - olives, spices, etc.  (I was thinking it would be like San Diego's Fillipi's).That said, Calabria makes a mean sandwich.  I had a Caprese (one of my favorites) and it was on awesome bread, with a great cheese, and had lots of flavor (something that is sometimes lacking in a Caprese.)  The hubs had a meatball sub and commented on it's deliciousness.We will definitely go back to Calabria.  It is close and good, even with the "false advertising."
5	Calabria is known for their awesome selection of Italian meats and cheeses. I also think their roasted peppers are the best I've ever tried.I live in Northern CA now, but use to frequent this place a lot. Especially when me and my girl wanted to make our own antipasto plates. I like the sandwiches too, but go here if you want to get very good deli meats and make your own sandwiches. DONT FORGET THE PEPPAS
5	I have only eaten 3 things from here - caprese, gnocchi, and cannoli.  I live in Seattle but make sure to get the Caprese every time I come to Phoenix.  Actually, I crave it when I'm not here.  Their mozerella is so fresh and the mix of tomatoes and spices tops it off perfect.  Their bread is consistently fabulous and I think some of the best in the city.The gnocchi I've only munched on from another persons plate, but I think it's pretty delicious.  The cannoli is some of the best I've had since I left the east coast.  I love the bits of chocolate in the creme in the center.The place is a bit pricey, but since there's not a lot of other quality places like this in the entire city.
3	I can walk to Calabria's from my office, so I have probably #1 eaten too many of their subs and #2 become partial to the owner.  The owner's a nice guy, I swear....really.  Ok, somewhere underneath that gruff exterior and short greeting, he's a nice guy.  Tell him your a Boston Red Sox fan and he'll lighten up.  And know what you want to order, because lunch time (the rush hour) is tough.  You can call ahead too which works great for them and you.For office meetings, this is a fantastic people-pleaser.  Almost everyone can find something on the menu, however, meat-eaters will be more satisfied with both the selection and the actual food.  The specialty orange and lemon sodas, the sides of olives, cold desserts, and coffee round out the menu.Their veggie sandwich (with cheese) is what every vegetarian hates--a boring, tasteless sub.  My advice to making it better is DON'T FORGET YOUR TOPPINGS.  Calabria's only has a few things like lettuce and tomato that come standard on their subs, so add, Add, ADD.  Toppings don't cost you anything and trust me, adding pepperocinis to that veggie sub can mean the difference between happy lunch time and sad!Their eggplant parm is decent, though not as good as other places around the valley.  For sure, if you love cheese, the caprese will be your saving grace sub.  Besides these subs or a salad, as a vegetarian, your options are limited (and weren't that good to begin with).  So, for vegetarians, search elsewhere for the best eats...for all the rest of you meat-eating folks, enjoy your Italian with a side of Sox.
3	Calabria is not a grocery store, it also, I'm sure just purchases Chef Boyrardee and then served in on not so real plates. In a pinch, its ok. Don't expect much from the staff.
4	My second favorite deli in the Valley. It's behind only the legendary DeFalco's.BTW - isn't it funny that a Jewish guy's two favorite delis in the AZ are ITALIAN delis? what does that tell you abou the general quality of Jewish delis in AZ?Anyway, this is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots...like most downtown places I WISH THEY WERE OPEN LATER!!!Good sandwiches, good pasta. The tuna, the vegetarian and the caprese are particularly good. Only one choice for bread, but it's tastey.Great giardinaire.The owner's not that friendly (especially for a neighborhood place), but I think he's just shy.No sides! that's a big problem with this place...it's basically chips or a lonely sandwich...and I HATE a lonely sandwich.Oh, and it's a little pricey for what you get.Overall, the quality of ingredients still makes this place a 4-star stop.
4	"YUMMMMMMM" - Nadia C.calabria is awesome. the sandwiches are delishious i've tried 3-4 different sandwiches, each one was awesomeness. at under 8 bucks each, it's not as cheap as subway or other chain sandwich places but lets face it. fresh is way better.the italian sandwich is my fave, the mortadella here is f'n fantastic and the salami is pure meaty awesomeness. all the deli meat is available at the counter and is sliced when sandwiches are ordered. i have not shopped here for groceries as i'm still content with safeway, fresh & easy, and sprouts. plus i'm not italian..so i do not desire all the little "special" ingrediants for italian foods. i'm a little miffed by the hours they are open. only 4pm on a saturday and closed on Sundays? this is a little neighborhood shop. i would actually go here more if they were opened more. but it's a family business..so i guess their family is more important then running a business. oh well, i'll keep having wet dreams over the italian sandwich on sundays when i cannot have one. :(
4	Holy moly, I have found the near perfect sandwich place in downtown Phoenix! Two co-workers and I went last week for lunch because we were craving good sandwiches. Parking was a breeze with a free parking garage right there, and there are plenty of spots, so it alleviates one headache that usually comes with dining in downtown at lunch during the week. The decor is modest and the grocery section is pretty limited, but the products they did have for sale would make for a good meal or two. There is a very limited number of tables inside and out, so make sure to beat the lunch crowd. I've only sampled one sandwich so far which was the caprese. The bread was so fresh and soft and was the perfect compliment to the fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. I forgot to order it without red onions, but luckily there weren't many on the sandwich and most bits were easy enough to pick off. The thing that impressed me the most about the sandwich was that the tomatoes were cut in little bites which is the way I prefer to eat them. I was able to get a burst of cheese and tomato in every bite, which I find isn't always the case with caprese sandwiches at either places. For my sandwich and bottled soft drink, it cost me approximately $8.50. The sandwich menu left me drooling, so I know I will be back in the not too distant future to try another one!The one negative is that they have a minimum $25 credit card purchase requirement. While they do have an ATM right inside the front door, I can only assume the fees are not very cheap. So remember to have cash or, if you go with a small group, order everything together and use one card.
5	If you cant get down with fresh made Italian bread, hand cut meat, evoo, creamy mozzarella, and some spices then stay away from Calabria because that means more for me. Owned by a very sweet Italian couple this is a lowkey downtown lunch spot that has never disappointed me. They are by no means a full service grocery but do have sparse but unique grocery items that you wont find at your neighborhood Fry's.  I have mainly stuck with the Caprese sandwich in the past but sometimes i get crazy and add salami or prosciutto.  Can't vouch for the pasta other than that it is made on site, seriously though who needs pasta for lunch anyways, it is a deli, nuff said.
4	The thing I love about being Italian is finding good authentic Italian delis that will provide me with life's little pleasures. I love capicola. I love mozzarella. I love cannoli. The thing about Italian food is that, for the most part, it's not that hard to make at home. I mean, I can make the best lasagna in an hour. Eggplant parm is no prob. A good Italian sub, though, is not something I can really make at home. I don't have giant loaves of bread sitting around even though I may have some cold cuts. So when you can find a perfect Sicilian hero with all the olive oil and basil on it just the way it should be, you really learn to appreciate why there are Italian delis on every corner back East. With the exception of the New Jersey Deli (Granada-owned) up in NoPho, I've yet to find another Italian deli that is this good in Phoenix. I hear good things about a place out in Gilbert on Williams Field but I haven't been and this blog isn't about Gilbert.Carlo is usually there and usually with a big smile on his face. Even though he is a Red Sox fan, I love the guy for giving me a place to sit and eat a great sub. Chicken, salami, mortadella, capocollo, provolone, sopressata, prosciutto, roasted peppers, mozzarella, basil.... all at your disposal when you get your meal.They also have pasta dishes with the basics like penne, gnocci, and ravioli. These aren't the best unfortunately. The gnocci has been frozen which destroys a lot of the flavor. Also, the lack of a pesto sauce is disappointing because it would give them a bit more variety with their dishes.All in all, this place is a welcome addition to downtown. They have cannoli but they aren't as good as Mike's from Carlo's hometown of Boston. Don't miss it when you're driving down Roosevelt. It is near the corner of 3rd Ave (one-way N) and is just west of Roosevelt Square. Parking is on the street as well as behind the deli and in the garage.
3	Simple, unassuming environment.  A little disappointed with the grocery offerings (maybe 20 different items).  Was looking for a larger selection, however the food was very good.I ordered the ravioli with chicken parm, and my wife had the #3, which is like an Italian sub.The sauce on the chicken parm was excellent.  It was quite evident that  quality tomatoes were used.  The chicken cutlet was cooked perfectly.One word to describe the sandwich.  Simple.  Fresh cuts of meat, with the usual accompaniments on a good fresh piece of bread; which is what makes a great sandwich.Really enjoyed dining out on the little patio, outside in a breezeway.  Will return for the food and atmosphere... probably not for the groceries.
4	I'm really lucky to live where I live.  I have a good number of places to eat that are all within walking distance or along the lightrail.  This little gem of a place on Roosevelt has been a favorite of mine and the husband's.  It's a tiny little place with minimal parking in the back, but it packs a punch for it's size.Inside you will find a small but comprehensive selection of some Italian staples that may be more difficult to find in other areas.  They have pizzelle, anise, spices, and even some specialty imported tomato sauces.  Their meat and cheese selection is also small but comprehensive. Everything always looks fresh and tasty.  They keep everything in smaller quantities so I take comfort in the fact that they aren't selling me old crappy food.  When we eat here, I typically get the gnocchi.  Now, it certainly isn't the best.  I'm pretty sure it has been previously frozen, or maybe the same stuff that they stock on their shelves.  However, it's still a tasty gnocchi.  Tender potato dumplings sit in a pool of yummy marinara sauce.  I'm not typically a fan of marinara sauce, but in this case, I love it.  It's a really simple sauce with just the right amount of basil and oregano to remind me of what Italian food should taste like.I once got the chicken salad sandwich here.  I love chicken salad and will usually try it when presented with the opportunity.  Unfortunately, I really did not like this kind.  It was a little on the dry side for my taste, but man was this SPICY!  It was overwhelming to me, maybe in part to the fact that I was not expecting it.  However, the husband finished it off and really really enjoyed it.Finally, anything with meatballs on it from here is a solid choice.  They are big and flavorful with a delicate blend of spices mixed in.  I'm not sure if they use meat other than beef in there, but I have a feeling they might use lamb.  Yum.Overall, a good bet if you are downtown and want a good Italian Sub.
5	Calabria is exactly what you are looking for if you are looking for an Italian deli like you would find on the East Coast. You can get sliced meats, sandwiches, salads, fresh pastas and various random grocery items. It's the kind of deli that makes you feel warm and cozy inside. You can eat inside, out back, or take it to go. They even offer breakfast now! No, its not a grocery store or a convenience store, it's a deli. And for me it's the best one in town. The Caprese sandwich is top notch, so are the Italian, Sicilian, and Panino. The Panino and Italian might be the best sandwiches in all of Phoenix (depending on how much meat you want that day...) I don't think you can find anything quite like theirs anywhere else. (Including that place up the road...) I like it because of the diverse menu with options. I like it for the wonderful mozzarella they have. I like it because they carry Snapple. I won't lie...I also like it because the owners are from Boston and we always chat about the Sox when I stop in. It's a great place to stop for lunch or if you don't feel like making dinner.
2	I'm not sure why this place is listed as "closed" on YELP, I just ate here for lunch today, so I know it isn't closed! I had the lasagna, coworkers tried the spaghetti & meatballs, and the ravioli & meatballs. I liked the lasagna, though it was a bit bland for my taste - something like you might get in a cafeteria. Fresh though. One coworker said they liked the ravioli, the other coworker said the spaghetti was just "OK." So a fair review seems like 3-stars. They deliver and they were on-time as we gave them a specific time for delivery.September 30th update: Had lunch here for the 2nd time today and tried the Sicilian sandwich (currently the #4) - it was terrible! The bread was fresh and the peppers tasted great, but one of the meats had a really bad aftertaste. For a $10 sandwich I expect better! **Got a mild case of food poisoning from this place, I'm guessing that wasn't just a "funny aftertaste" with the meat!
4	OMG. Cafe Bella used to be at this location and everytime we went in, they were painting or building. The Calabria folks have got it DONE and ready to go. Went for lunch and had the Eggplant Parmagiana sub. It was fantastic. The eggplant was sliced on the vertical, rather than the usual horizontal. Very thinly sliced, lightly breaded and just so freakin' delicious!Huge portion of the eggplant and incredible marinara sauce on the sub roll, so much that I didn't even touch the roll! It sure looked yummy and was getting rave reviews from my compadres at lunch.Not ordered, but delivered, a mini cannoli for each of us. Just the perfect end to a scrumptious meal. Atmosphere was nice, very casual...order at counter and they brought out our food. Mamma Mia. That was a great Italian lunch!
5	This amazing little Italian restaurant is for anyone who wants a good, quality Italian sandwich or pasta dish that will blow the corporate chains out of the water and still somehow cost less (and it's BYOB!).  I'm a huge fan of independent spots and I haven't come across another place like this near downtown Phoenix since I moved here 2 years ago.  This is probably not a restaurant you would stumble across unless you were looking for it given the number of restaurants and businesses nearby but consider yourself lucky if you have a chance to check it out.  The gnocchi with sausage and meatballs was unbelievable!  The sausage and meatballs were spectacular, the sauce was fantastic and the gnocchi were tender and flavorful.  I initially assumed the sausage was from Schreiner's or the Meat Shop nearby but when I asked Carlo, the owner, he told me that he does all of his sausages, meatballs and sauces in-house!  As others have mentioned, the sandwiches are also fantastic and the bread is made fresh locally.  The hot pastrami sandwich is delicious with quality meat and cheese and deli mustard.  This is no over-salted, mass-marketed Quiznos or Subway attempt at a sandwich, folks.  This is the real deal.  If you're stopping in for something lighter grab a sandwich but if you're hungry or in for dinner I highly recommend checking out a pasta dish.  For dessert the cannolis are also fantastic!  I can't wait to go back!
5	While Calabria Italian Kitchen & Deli is at this location the Grocery portion has been CLOSED.
1	Thank God this place went out of business! I went in there one day and chatted up the owner a bit before ordering. It was about 3 in the afternoon and no other customers were around. I asked if I could get a half sandwich and the owner rudely asked what I expected him to do with the other half! Is he THAT stupid or just a smartass!
5	East Coast Italian eatery with no frills, all flavor, damn good food. Me and my hubby stopped in for dinner tonight, he got the meatball sub, I had the calabrese  lady- we came hungry, left full, and feeling like we had just returned from Brooklyn. What makes Calabria stand out is the quality ingredients they use, and the neighborly service. You get the feeling that the owner, Carlo, has been a family friend for years. Homemade meatball sub is outstanding, and super yum. House marinara sauce was slightly sweet (turns out they use carrots) so quality, and seriously savory! The Calabrese Lady was equally impressive. Fresh baked chicken straight from the oven? Yes please! With fresh mozzarella and oh-so- tasty roasted garlic and red peppers. In love.  Downright delicious Italian grubs. We will be back.P.S. Foodie tip: you must try the the arancini (Italian stuffed rice ball). This dish is dangerously addictive, not even kidding. It's not on the menu, so just be sure to call ahead and see if they have any available that day.
3	Went there for dinner with some friends.  Rolled in about 530pm and we had the entire place to ourselves.  I had the rice ball since I had read a great review on it elsewhere.  I even called the day before since it wasn't listed on the menu, the owner was very kind and promised me he would save me one.  It wasn't the greatest I have ever had it was decent.  The rice was a bit too sticky, and I would have enjoyed it more if there was more meat in the middle.  My friend ordered Panino which seemed to be very fresh.  The mozzarella was marinated and delicious.  Overall I think I would try this place again perhaps for lunch.  The owner was great  and very catering to us while we were there.
4	Okay, here's another one of those places where I wanted to be selfish and keep all to myself, but alas the last couple of times I've gone it's been almost empty so I've decided to get over myself and share with you the sheer deliciousness that is Calabria.Get off the 10 on 7th St. and drive North a bit and you're bound to run into a plethora of impressive looking dining options. From America's Taco Shop, to the Living Room, to The Main Ingredient, there is something for everyone. But if you want one of the best made to order pastas or sandwiches in a traditional style Italian deli, then look no further than Calabria. It is as authentic as you'll find in Phoenix. Unfortunately I was never able to experience Calabria at its old, larger location downtown complete with specialty grocery store, but it sounded a lot like DeFalco's in S. Scottsdale, another personal favorite of mine. What makes Calabria about 800 times more preferable to me is the considerably personalized service and the minuscule wait time. I am anal and running late about 90% of my life, so the majority of my run-ins at Calabria are call-ahead pickups. After about the 3rd phone call the owner knew me by voice and exactly what I liked on my turkey sandwich. Best f'ing turkey sandwich in Phoenix, mind you. Trust, I've been looking forever.What made me finally decide to write this review however took place last week at my first ever sit down dinner in Calabria. My date and I sat down and decided to try something other than the deli sandwiches we always get, him opting for the chicken parmigiana and me a simple plate of spaghetti marinara in addition to my craved turkey sandwich : )  We order our food and the owner asks me why I ordered two entrees, to which I replied I was just really anxious to try his marinara sauce, as I like to consider myself a bit of an aficionado about, and then it happened. He looks at me right in the eye and says, "You know we're BYOB here, right?" That's it, I died and went to heaven. Delicious, authentic Italian food in my backyard that was NOT going to upcharge the shit out of me with their wine/spirits collection?? I might have actually fainted on the spot.  And yes, as you probably could've guessed by the tone of this review, their marinara was flavorful and exceptional as well.Between the wonderful service, the delicious food, the rock-bottom prices which I think I failed to mention above and the fact that I can bring my own booze Calabria has made a lifer out of me!
4	I've been in a sandwich/sub mood for lunch the last few months. I've been to Calabria a few times now and have been ordering the Italian sub with everything- great sandwhich!!The location and "dining" area is a bit rough- but get over that and enjoy a nice meal.
5	This was going to be the absolute last time we bought "Groupon." Had a bad experience with the last Groupon restaurant. We just decided only looser restaurants go with the Groupon thing. Changed our mind today. Some Groupons are hidden gems like this one. LOVED THE BREAD. The Calabrese was fantastic. Best Italian. Loved the Cannoli. Fresh. Super Great Quality. Clean and simple surroundings. He told us we could get our own Beer or Wine if we want. Next time I am taaking a bottle of Chianti. I am ready to go back for dinner tonight and just might. There is so much more on that menu I want to try. I want this place to be there forever, so spread the word and lets support this wonderful place...The owner was courteous, kind, prompt... and a great Host.
4	Review is for the sandwiches only - because they're so good, I don't really wanna order anything else.Chewy, tasty rolls, fresh toppings, and cold cuts.  Scratch that - not just cold cuts, but also tasty eggplant parmesan or chicken cutlets.  It's a fairly simple formula, but it is surprising how many places get it wrong, right?  Also, service is always brisk and pleasant, nice for lunchin'.
4	I agree with Ben H and others about the sandwiches here.  The stuffed eggplant sandwich especially -- eggplant parm is just okay -- makes me a weekly customer at Calabria, which has impressed me since its days on Roosevelt in the spot currently occupied by Lola Coffee.  I used to go on Tuesdays for the $5 sandwich deal, but even when that promotion ended, I still pick up that yummy stuffed eggplant.The location at 7th St. and Virginia seems prime for commuters, but the parking situation (two or three angled spots in front, more in back) seems to be a challenge.  I often find the place empty on weekday afternoons.Going into summer, Calabria needs steady traffic, I imagine, to stay afloat.  I'm not sure if the recent Groupon promotion helped -- I hope so.
2	This is gonna be short and sweet, included is a pic of the chicken salad sandwich that was picked up for lunch. Enough said.
3	This is a handy place to meet someone downtown for lunch. It is out of the way and easy to get to. I have had the sandwiches,salads and the pastas . They are all okay. It isn't bad when I am in the mood for some fast Italian food at lunch. I prefer to savor my food and feel like I can relax to eat but not here. Too much lunch time bustle.
5	We were a group of more than 25 CSers and we filled the place. Owner did a great job taking all our orders!Combination of cold meats was excellent for the Sicilian sandwich. All the other items in the menu were tried and everybody left with a smile. Thank you for hosting our foodie Tuesday event!!
4	This place was great,  they found space for our huge group of 25 people, and were able to get us all feed, and happy even though we kind of took the place over.  I was impressed with the food and have been meaning to return for some more menu sampling and of course so fine Italian desert....
5	First Visit. Stopped by at 6:30 PM for a To-Go Friday Night Dinner. Delicious Caprese Cold Sandwich of what tasted like Silky, Milky, Homemade Mozzarella with Small dices of fresh Tomatoes and Red Onions. I requested light on the Dressing so that the Roll does not get soggy which was made as desired . Very Tasty and seasoned perfectly. 2 Large Cannoli's for Desert were great and should be considered even if you need just a Bakery Item as they are impressive and addictive. They also have Small Cannoli's which would work well on a Dessert Buffet. Friendly Chef/Owner small Business with easy Parking located directly behind the Building with rear door entrance as well as a few 7th Street Storefront Spots.  Location is perfect for Professionals who travel the busy 7th Street Corridor.  I am looking forward to future visits at this Neighborhood Gem.
5	Killer little sandwich spot. They used to have a deli downtown, but now just do sandwiches and pasts. Fresh bread, killer Italian meats and super fresh veggies! I'm itchin to try some of the pasta dishes they have, but this is THE spot for a rockin Italian sandwich!
2	You would be crazy to come here for the caprese. I liked the idea of this place but the execution along with the prices doused my enthusiasm. Nearly  $8 for a caprese is acceptable if its amazing, but here it was a salad form, cubes of mozzarella, tomatoes and onions (who puts onions in this?) and far too much balsamic on a beady Italian roll. For $3.50 it would be good but at this price I would rather have some fresh stuff from pane bianco.My co worker had the spaghetti with a meatball and he liked it, however he never express much of a desire to return.The inside is smallish with a order counter and a few tables but it was quiet as we were the only customers.
5	Unfortunately Out of Business.
