5	I had a wonderful experience with this shop.  My camera had quit working; from the troubleshooting guides online, I thought I'd need to pay at least $200 to fix it.  I brought it in to BDC - they only charged me $5 to take a look at it, which went to my repair costs.  By the next day, they were able to tell me it was simply an issue with my charger, and got my camera up and working again.  There were no hidden fees, just that original $5.  They were very helpful, fast, and trustworthy.  I will definitely go there again if I have future camera issues!
5	I took my camera to BDC after being told by the Camera Company that the camera would have to be sent to Pentax at a cost of $100 + repairs.  BDC analyzed the problem in one day and my camera was repaired in 4 days for $75.  My camera is like new.  The business is no frills, but the service was excellent.  The staff was efficient, friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  I highly recommend this camera repair business.  The Camera Company just wanted to sell me a new camera!
5	I'm a professional photographer and I've had the unfortunate experience of dealing with Nikon Professional Service too often and was searching for someone who could do repairs to Nikon cameras and lenses. BDC not only fixed the zoom and autofocus mechanisms of my Nikon 24-70mm 2.8, they did so quickly and at a fraction of the price that NPS was going to charge (like $200 less.) Best of all the lens works great, and the people I dealt with were very professional. My lens was shipped back to me surprisingly fast. This is the only time that I've used their service, but will not hesitate to do it again in the future. Goodbye NPS!!!
1	I brought in my Sony DSLR with an error message (shutter locked) in auto mode with two different lenses.  They said they tried 3 lenses and one of the three worked, but that it was a circuitry issue. They told me it would cost $250-$350 to fix the problem.  After hearing this, I started searching the internet and found a solution and I was able to fix it myself in the shop when I picked it up.  Needless to say, I won't be bringing it back there.
