5	My first time visiting Palestra. I had an appointment with Sharon. I was looking for a place that specified with skin care. I didn't want to go somewhere and spend a hundred dollars on someone rubbing and massaging products into my face for a hour. I wanted to come out with some results to my skin problems. Sharon did everything I wanted in a facial PLUS more! Their business is skin and it started out with Sharon's mother Hannah and now Sharon is in the business. Its a nice quaint place. Not as grand and opulent as the franchise spas but nice and cozy. Sharon explained a lot of things to me so I could understand what she was doing while she was doing it but not too talkative where I was unable to relax. She started out with explaining her background and than moving onto my skin needs and what she recommends for my facial. She took her time doing everything. SHe was so thorough with her massages and extractions, I LOVED it! What I didn't expect and have never received anywhere else was a foot massage while my face was getting a peel and steam bath! I usually get a hand or shoulder massage but never a foot massage. She massaged each foot and put them into little warm booties. I was in my little own world while she was working on my face. I did not feel rushed I felt like she had all the time in the world to work on my face pore by pore! I loved it and recommend it to anyone who needs skin care!
5	I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best.
5	Finding an esthetician that is good at both facials and full body massages is difficult.  If you want a great experience at a great value, book an appointment with Melanie.  I've had many massages and facials in my life  time and I would have to say she's my favorite!  Very in tuned with the body, mind and soul.  She worked on muscles I didn't know I had, and my face looks so much healthier after seeing her.
5	Love this place, it is amazing, the prices are pretty good and I only let Melanie touch my face. She is very educated and makes you feel very comfortable. I normalyy get the express mini and I have gone there so many times they know me when I call. I feel very comfortable here. The atmosphere makes you feel very comforable and relaxed and the facials are amazing!
5	I usually prefer body wraps to massages, but Melanie made me forget wraps even exist! She gave me such a wonderful hot stone massage and was extremely considerate of my preferences throughout - staying warm, making the experience relaxing while still relieving tension, and creating a calm, peaceful environment. She wasn't the least bit pushy and I left feeling more relaxed than I have in years. All around, it's everything I want in a day at the spa and I can't wait to go back!
