2	I will not waste my time w/u any longer. When it opened last year it was cool everything was stocked as the months have passed it has gotten worse and worse. I smoke shisha people so I stop in and get me a pretty purple hookah yay they were helpful yada yada. The next time I had to go in because they conveniently forgot to give me washers with my purchase ummm yeah. So I go and tell them what happened well they made me pay for the washer no biggie 50 cents or w/e. They had tons of flavors so I bought a bunch. They have no extra hoses here and they will not sell you any that are sitting there in the hookahs. Why Not? They are basically out of everything cool here now and it does not seem like they are in a hurry to get more product or make any sales. No shisha left but gross ones that no one buys and no good incense anymore WTH are you good for anymore Trails??? I am totally leaving you for someone else!
1	I made the mistake of sending someone to pick up a gift for my girlfriend's birthday!! Never I repeat never send a man to do shopping for a woman. I asked for a hookah for a chik thats it!! Maybe I should have been more specific in my detail when I think girls I think bright colors or cute designs. He came back with something clear and totally boring, no problem I'll take it back and pick something myself right!?!? I went straight back there after some grocery shopping, I'm talking 2 hrs tops here. I guess there was a shift change and I was told I'd have to come back to whomever sold the merch the next day. Ummmm hello I need an acception here thanks for helping a girl out this once from one local to another!! Never going to this location again Trails did absolutely help me out but at another location they saved the night look for that review later!
5	Amazing customer service. Huge store. Real educated people with a love for their job. Great selection. All kinds of stuff. Department store.
1	THIS LOCATION HAS CLOSED.Good luck finding that out otherwise, seeing that the company doesn't have a website with all location info...
