1	Office max has officially lost my business.  They advertised "WE HAVE YOUR INK" well when I go in to get my ink guess what ?  They don't have my ink.  They don't carry Dell ink ! Office Max brand ink that would have been comparable and usable guess what ?  They don't carry my series number ( 21 ) only up to 11.I went to Staples and not only did they have a great selection of Dell ink but they had my ink ! I was in and out of the store in less than two minutes !
1	I ordered a Serta office chair at the store, was told the chair would be delivered in 1 to 3 business days.  I am now on day seven, and no one can tell me where the chair is or when it will be delivered.  In this day and  age of instant access to incredible amounts of information a company that is in the business of selling information related items, affiliates themselves with an organization that cant track their item, does not deserve your business.   Go somewhere else, for your office needs, or make sure you leave the store with your items.
4	Standard Office Max store in terms of products, but the staff is great and the store usually doesn't have many customers.  When I had to wait behind people in line they opened up a new register.  Parking is a breeze.  Very friendly and convenient overall.
3	The last holdout in a dying MetroCenter strip mall. I actually like this location. I periodically use their fax services whenever I need to send a fax to someone or need some some small office supplies like ink or folders. A lot of my business here occurs when I happen to be traveling back home on the I-17 south and I don't want to head to the Target near my house.The location is in the "old and dying" periphery of MetroCenter, which has yet to be revitalized or torn down. It's one of the last holdouts in a decrepit strip mall that has seen better days. Growing up in the area I remember when it was a vibrant shopping plaza. Now it's just OfficeMax and two or three other tenants who are occupying the entire area. Needless to say, parking is easily found and it is plentiful. There is hardly anyone ever here.The store itself is clean, but old. Just like everything else in this area it has seen better days. There are only a few employees at this location but they are always helpful and I can't remember a time when I wasn't asked if I needed help finding something. That is a rarity now days. Actual service. As for the prices? They are not great. When you shop here just remember it's an old "brick and mortar" retail store in an amazon.com world. The prices here will rarely be on par with what you can find online or elsewhere at places like Wal-Mart. Personally, I shop here when I need something faster than it can be shipped or when I need faxing services. Because who the hell owns a fax machine now days?. Inevitably this OfficeMax will become a casualty to the changing times. A relic of the past, remnant of a time when you actually needed to go into a physical store to buy what you needed and expected customer service from reasonably paid employees who had a possible future with a company that was expanding and building more locations. Yes, that time has all but passed us by. So let's enjoy places like OfficeMax while they still exist.
