3	I can't make the connection to Che and food, and this place certainly ain't selling traditional Cuban cuisine. Nevertheless, it's a perfectly amiable little takeaway if you're looking for some quick grub before uni or work.Selling cheap pizzas, panini's and some hot and cold drinks, it's more affordable than some of the takeaways littered around this area. There are some student deals available - if my memory serves me right students either get 10% off at lunchtime or a free cup of tea when they buy a meal. Perhaps someone should clarify that but I do distinctively remember being gutted I was no longer a student when I was ordering some late lunch out of here.Food is pleasant enough.To be honest I thought this place looked a wee bit tacky from the exterior, but the food is of a better quality than I expected. Staff are friendly, and if you can get past the fact that pictures of Che loom over you as you place your order it's perfectly decent!
3	Palestinian Kebab shop open until late. Nice lamb shawarma after a night out. Never tried anything else.
4	My absolute favorite Shawarma shop in the city. Even better then some of the shawarmas I had in the middle east. Its another little hole in the wall but looks can be deceiving . I am a regular here every week and all the gentlemen who work there know exactly what I want. The lamb and chicken shawarmas are perfect to accompany a nice ice cold pint at home if you do take away which I do. I am sure all the other wraps and falafels and whatnot are just as amazing as the shawarmas. I recommend this place to all the college kids who live around the area of frequent the pubs around the area. You get a student discount and one shawarma will fill you up for the whole day saving your wallet.
4	Lovely chicken shawarma - I couldn't believe how much I got for my money the last time I was in. I just wish they had a few more diet drinks on offer.
5	My FAVORITE late night place in Edinburgh. I always got a shawarma but also quite enjoyed getting chips, cheese and meat.I should also probably note that I was a little, um, "under the influence" whenever I went to Che. NONETHELESS, it's still a great late night kebab place.Also, it's a Che Guevara-themed kebab shop in Scotland. If that doesn't entice you, I don't know what else will.
5	Che is my In-N-Out burger substitute in Edinburgh. Best cheap burger in Edinburgh. And their chips are golden and crispy. Yum!
