1	The club sandwich is a terrible dirty diner type restaurant in the heart of the gay village. Decorated in 50's USA Retro, the walls are covered with 50's records and photos, all yellowed with grease stains. The food is adverage at best, service below that. It is so bad, that eating there has become a joke for many in the gay community. The local see it was people who eat there are tourists who do not know any better. There are so many better establishments in the village to get a bite. Service here SUCKS big time. Years ago, my last time there We waited on the terrace for over 45 minutes, drinking 1 cup of coffee, waiting for the waiter to come back to take my order. We left and nobody noticed.One positive, they are open 24 hours so one can get soem poutine or coffee after hitting the clubs.Outside this restaurant, this block is big for hustlers hanging out and looking for their next trick.
4	Haven't been there for years until this weekend. Still pretty much the same, although the novelty effect has passed.Club Sandwich is the feature there. Not the best of the best but huge. You need to be 2 people to eat a single and 3-4 to eat a double!Service was quick and nice
3	I can totally see how this is probably a touristy place where tourists like me and my partner ended up one evening after drinking at a bar. It's really tacky inside--lots of USA 50's paraphernalia, but it offered our first taste of poutine and the waiter was really friendly with us.I wouldn't recommend dining here for lunch or dinner, but definitely stumble in here after a night of drinking if you've got the munchies.
3	This restaurant is just fine. No frills, despite the decour that attempts to make it look like a fun place to stay.  Tuna club was very tasty.  Gigantic portions of food left me feeling happy after a long day of travel to the city from NYC.  Bloody Caesar was not good -- where was the alcohol?
1	This place is a dump, grossly over priced, filthy, and serves food that gave me food poisoning.  Horrible service, horrible food. I was sick for 4 days after eating there last week. They parcel out sweetener and cream as if it were diamonds.  Do youself a favor, save money, and prevent food poisoning by avoiding this place at all costs. Also, their credit card machine does not work so they ask you to walk three doors down to another rathole establishment they own to use the machine there. Creepy place.
1	bad bad bad dinner. the food is not tasty. the price are very high. i dont recommend this place at all !
3	Stopped in for a quick bite, drawn in by the welcoming atmosphere. Ordered soup of the day, cream of celery, which was delicious, but unfortunately wasn't hot enough. Also had an order of poutine. I'm admittedly not a poutine expert, but thought it was good, though a bit too salty.The waiter was definitely a highlight -- he was friendly and even sang to us.The club sandwiches we saw other guests eating looked massive, and the variety of them on the menu were enticing. I'll definitely order one if I go back , but will probably share it with a friend.
3	When tripping the gay light fantastic in a new city, the guides tell you of places to visit, thus a visit to this yea old establishment.Absolutely, retro 50's in decor with bar stools, booths, counters, gumball machines but the addition of rainbow flashing exterior lighting really takes the cake.With that in mind, I did not come here expecting stellar food from a theme diner. In fact, just to check out what its all about was enough for me. I would totally go here after a night of dancing.  It continues the fun while sitting down.The comfort food on the menu offers everything from fries, sandwiches to pasta. Soda in a bottle is available - a nice touch. I ordered a hot chicken sandwich smothered in gravy and top with peas with a side of fries and coleslaw. It was too salty.  So was the meal my friends had.   Would I go here again? Sure.  It may not be in the best area of the strip but as a late night spot its a place to go and fill you up before you crash.
1	This place is overpriced and lacking in quality and flavor. Certainly great if in a bind if you are very hungry at 3 am after hanging in the village, but otherwise not worth it. The decor is unauthentic and really it just looks like it's been slapped together.
3	We stopped here for breakfast and honestly I can't complain.  It's an American style diner that offers a bunch of breakfast options.  It serves large breakfast portions at very reasonable prices.  Caving in to our last hedonistic passions, we ordered a couple of milkshakes which were pretty good.  A couple of nights before we ordered late night poutine, which I enjoyed, but not as much as my friend.  I think it's a good option for breakfast and was busy late night, so it may work for you there as well.
1	I'm only giving it one star because I can't give it zero.The interior is incredibly cheap looking and lacks all the charm one might look for in similar places.But the decor is far from being the worst thing about this place. Food is. We ordered 12 chicken wings. With a 13$ price tag attached to the dish, we were expecting big meaty wings with a tasty BBQ sauce. We ended up with bits of chicken that made McDonald's nuggets look like organic chicken breasts, resting on a bed of 2 day-old lettuce and shredded carots. And the so-called BBQ sauce tasted like supermarket vinaigrette.Don't go there. Just don't.
