3	My father and I used to breakfast there when I was young and I still hold fond memories of it. I recently went back with my parents, for old times' sake and unfortunately it didn't hold up to my expectations.. This sort of kitschy joint was bought (or whatever) by our very own queen of Kitsch: Celine Dion, and you have pictures of her (or used to anyway) everywhere, surrounded by black and white glamorous movie stars from the fifties. I love the squeaky, glittery seats and the bubblegum, retro decor but it's all that remains. The portions, once humongous, are now merely normal. I guess they want to appeal to a more health conscious clientele but, damn, that's not what I'm here for! I don't think the flashy jukebox plays anymore and my favorites from the desert menu (the "Celine Dion"! of course, the incredible Banana Split and and giant Sundae) are gone and I'm heartbroken..
4	A nice place with an all-around good menu. I've become something of a regular customer and nothing that I've had has been bad. Particular favourites are the club sandwich ($10.99 with real chicken breast, not sliced!), the smoked meat (on special 2 for 1 on Tuesdays), and the Jimmy Dean. The pork souvlaki platter holds up well under scrutiny. I wasn't big on their quarter chicken, but it wasn't bad -- besides, if you want chicken, there's a St-Hubert across the street.The service is usually quite prompt, the washrooms are always clean, the food is consistently well-prepared. Not an especially fancy joint, but a solid choice for a casual meal out.
2	I don't know about other Nickel's restaurants (for example there is one Ste. Catherine street) but this one on Cote-des-Neiges is pretty ordinary. The diner decor at times looks a bit dirty, the food is bland and the prices are not that low. You could have more value for money or simply more better quality food at one of the many breakfast serving establishments in th CdN neighborhood. I won't return or recommend it to my friends simply because their food and service are pretty ordinary and that better options are not far off .
