4	The place is simply beautiful. The venue spans two buildings. The North building is Bliss (restaurant) and to the south is ReBar (the bar). You can go back and froth between the two venues (with your drinks in hand). And you can't beat the view of Downtown from their circular bar that is outside. There is also a beautiful full bar in the building to the South.  We were served some samples of the Coconut Chicken and Sausage Ravioli and they were freakin great (at the "VIP" pre-view event we got invited to). But I can't speak to anything else on the menu.The menu looks Damn good. And although the prices aren't cheap they do look fairly reasonable. Certainly better then what was here previously (FATE). The drink prices also seem reasonable ($4 for bottled beer and $5 for most draft).The hamburgers buns are made of pretzel dough and they also have Mac & Cheese (with Chicken and Bacon) both of which I'm dying to try.And the best of all, the place is 3 blocks from our house so I'm very excited to try the full menu.
4	I've been waiting for this place to open with super high hopes, and it looks like it will live up to expectations.Bliss:  As Dave B said, we were only able to try a couple of appetizers, but they were delicious.  The coconut chicken is in a plum sauce, and was divine.  A full order of it would make a perfect meal, and at $7 isn't bad at ALL.  Almost all of the appetizers looked just as good.The menu isn't terribly huge, which seems to be a growing trend.  Everything sounds good though; there are a few salads, two burgers, two mac and cheese options, and a couple of other entrees.  They all fell in the $8-$13(ish) range.  Finally, there are a couple of great looking desserts, and a Saturday and Sunday brunch of french toast, eggs, and the usual.The place itself is such a great space... the majority of seating is outdoors on the patio, and indoors it's a very clean and modern feel but still bright and sunshiny.As for the ReBar side, I really think it's going to be a hit.  The patio is one of the best views and best looking places downtown, and I'm guessing the inside bar will be the hot new place VERY soon.  It's got all the coolness of The Roosevelt, PLUS hard liquor in addition to beer and wine.  There were no tables or chairs yet, so I'm not sure what the vibe will be... it looks like it could be a low-lit swanky place with loud music and dancing, or it could turn into a more casual and comfortable hangout.Either way, it looks like it's going to be just what I was hoping for... they'll have their own parking lot soon, so cross your fingers for Bliss/ReBar to become a destination restaurant of the sort we desperately need downtown.
2	I am hesitant to give this establish a bad review since I went on there on opening night, but I had such a bad experience that I can't muster up the kindness to give them anymore.I arrived there about 15 minutes before happy hour ended, which I thought was still plenty of time to get my drinks ordered. Since it was their grand opening, all their drinks were 3 for 1 until 7pm. I ordered a $9 martini and was given my drink along with 2 tickets/coupons that I was told could be used for the other 2 martinis and I could even use them at a later date if I didn't use them all tonight.  At first, I thought this was a great idea - it seemed like I was getting my 3 drinks, without having to order them all at once!  As it turns out (after I ordered 2 more $9 martinis) that these coupons can ONLY BE USED DURING HAPPY HOUR.  No one told us anything about that until it was time to pay, there were no signs posted, and it seemed that other customers were confused by this as well.  I spent an additional $20 on martinis (since I thought they were part of my three) that I wouldn't have otherwise. Aside from the costly drink confusion, the food was mediocre at best.  The french fries were undercooked and we were charged $10 for our bland nachos, even though the menu stated $9. They also need more vegetarian options.  We sat around for a good 15 minutes before a server came to take our order. The drinks were weak - I had THREE martinis (don't judge me!) and felt the same way one Fez martini makes me feel.I still have my HAPPY HOUR ONLY coupons/tickets that I need to use - so, I guess I will go back.  I had high hopes for this restaurant, as is expected from the people that gave us Fez.
4	went to dinner last night with some friends and absolutely loved the food.  had the coconut chicken tenders and the beef and chicken soft tacos which were all delicious.  the chicken lettuce wraps were amazing.  i love they also have a "naked" drink menu for those that enjoy cocktails with less calories/sugar....awsome idea!  the naked margarita was actually better than i expected.  great atmosphere, wish music outside was a bit louder or "loungy".  inside bar could use some trendy plush seating areas like switch.  overall, great new place for downtown.
5	Great new restaurant and bar .. great location .. great staff & food & nice atmosphere!!!
2	Should be called: miss/sub-par...maybe I'm being a little harsh. The menu is snooze. They need a better beer selection ASAP!!!!$6 for a can of Guinness... that must be a guinness record for overly priced.I knew the menu better than the waitress!Um, welcome back? 2 stars for turning 905 into something slightly better, aka less pretentious.
4	Ok I 've been an absent Yelper as of late, but my experience here compelled me to rejoin the Yelping world. I came on opening night and I'm impressed what they did with the place. I came here when it was Fate then 905 and I hope that this venue makes it. They've retained the cool outdoor bar and have fixed up the actual restaurant a tad. They actually turned that other room into a nice indoor bar as well which I think is a nice touch. They were playing good tunes and the place was pretty packed. Drink prices were average:not cheap but not Scottsdale either. Service was not outstanding-a bit slow and uncoordinated but taking into account that this was their first night I'll happily write this off as cutting teeth. The menu is limted-not much more than bar food, but it seems to have a fresh twist-didn't eat as I was too busy drinking. They have reverse happy hour after 9:00pm on Wednesdays so go check it out. the servers did make it clear that their specials are all a work in progress so go with that in mind. This is a local business and can hopefully revitalize the downtown area so please give these guys a shot. Definitely a step up from 905.
3	Great opening. Hot happy hour, relaxing bar--tree branch sculpture, varnished wood bar from China--hip patio with rebar relief sculpture.--six beers on tap--ally mcbeal bathrooms --awesome happy hour specials, 3-6
5	Bliss and ReBar is my new favorite place. Great food, great staff, and great drinks! The atmosphere was fantastic. I will be recommending this place to friends and visitors.
2	A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently "comfort food" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste. My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food. Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being. I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the "vip opening." c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.
4	I went to @BlissreBAR for @RadiatePHX, and I'm very glad to have done so.The business is actually in two buildings, with the bar on the right, and the restaurant on the left.The bar itself is a bit on the small side, but having been to the previous business (Nine 05) I can say that I will enjoy many cocktails on their patio, which is huge.The drink prices are very reasonable, and their beer selection, while small, is packed with goodness!After having a few beers, some of us decided to take advantage of the Tuesday Two-Fer; two burgers, two beers (domestic only Si) and a large order of fries, for $20.Now, $10 may sound a bit high for a burger, but let me tell you, I would pay $10 for the burger I had there without a doubt. And don't forget, that also includes a beer, and fries.And not just any old fries; you get your choice of parmesan fries, vinegar and salt, and traditional. We opted for the parmesan, and I was very happy with them.The burger was thick and juicy (#TWSS), and came with two different kinds cheese, lettuce, tomato (which I declined), and bacon. Not just any bacon, thick, applewood smoked, nommy delicious, BACON!While I don't live near downtown, I do love seeing the area flourishing, and it's wonderful to see this corner alive again. The location is great, and its proximity to Roosevelt for First Friday portends great things for them.I will definitely be back.
4	When I heard Bliss was opening I had to go check it out as a fan of Fez, Switch and Ticoz. I love what they have done with the place. It is so much nicer than it's previous couple of attempts. I also like the parking. The staff is very friendly and the place has a mixed but heavily Gay clientele.We decided to order cocktails. The choices were more limited than Fez and they couldn't make a Mojito so I ordered a peach martini. It was not that great and I was driving so I only had one. They were out of menus so we borrowed one from another table. hopefully they will order more. We decided to share a naked Mac and Cheese and a Cheese crisp (the waiter recommended the Tomato and pesto and a coconut Chicken tender for a starter.The Chicken tenders were amazing. The food came out before we had even started on the Chicken but we were ready for the Mac and Cheese. It had Bacon and was spicy maybe jalapeno. The Mac and Cheese was a winner. Truly one of the better in town. The cheese crisps were another story. It was a tortilla lightly spread with pesto, with a few slices of store bought quality tomatoes and mozzarella cheese slices on it. It was not very good and certainly not an entree by any stretch much less a $9 one. I think it should be an appetizer if anything any at most $5. Seriously I was completely disappointed with this dish. If that was what I had ordered as an Entree, I would probably not have gone back if I didn't know they could do better.Obviously they are new and working things out. They need to work on the drink selection and add maybe three additional entrees around the $10 price range or under. The waiter said the tempura was not very good and his description didn't sound what I wanted either.The brunch sounds good too but again it is a very limited menu.All that said, it is going to be a great place after they work out a few things and the service is fantastic.
2	Went to the bar for a nightcap and was utterly unimpressed -- no creativity by the bartender, basically just threw Red Bull in with some vodka and watermelon juice and called it something I won't repeat here.I haven't tried the kitchen here, but the outdoor bar is thinly stocked with the standards and shows no signs of imagination. At least Nine|05 had a DJ - on my visit they were just pumping satellite radio.For now, save your time. There are better places to go in the area.
4	Fun bartenders, good wine, nice vibe
4	I love love love Ticoz, enjoy Switch, and am still out with the jury on Fez. Ergo, when there was another restaurant opening, my partner and I were so there.We went with another set of queer folk, and one thing I love about all these places is that there isn't any anti-gay rudeness that I've experienced in a good number of other places.The menu is a bit sparse, and pretty much everything vegetarian (all 4 items) was fried, covered in cheese, or both, making for a not so healthy meal. That said, my eggplant/goat cheese sandwich was delicious (although I'm not sure about the iceberg lettuce and onion on it). The fries we ordered as a group? Mediocre. Would go with Delux's fries any day over these.The rest of the group (the non-veggies) loved their meal (burgers and the fish), except my partner thought the pretzel bun was a bit off, and neither burger eater finished the bun.They were not yet serving desserts, so I went for a drink. The waiter (Able, great with the service) suggested I try the naked (low calorie) Brooklyn Apple. I did, we all tasted it, and sent it back. It taste like fake sugar and fake apple flavor. However, the naked Vodka-rita was delicious.Atmosphere? Loved it. Music? AH-MAY-ZING. Parking? Couldn't find it. Add a few more veggie options, and we'll definitely be back.
2	Service was great. Food was below par and not worth the price at all. Really there was a major lack of flavor and originality.
5	I enjoyed my first visit to Bliss ReBar! The food was great and reasonably priced... the wine selection was impressive and I liked the environment they've created there. Go check them out!
5	Hung out last night and had the shrimp tacos and some drinks. The food is amazing here and the staff is all very friendly! Going back tonight for 2-4-1 drinks and some sea salt & vinegar fries. This is definitely the new hang out spot for friends.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food8 *Drinks*5 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueThe food & drink here is excellent.  The atmosphere is pretty cool too.The pretzel buns on their burgers and sandwiches are awesome.  The cheesy sauce is awesome.  The coconut covered chicken with the citrus ginger honey sauce is awesome.  The drinks are pretty awesome, though they could use just ever so sliiiightly heavier pours.But the execution is, so far, way WAY on the side of lack.They offer exactly the same type of brunchy mimosa pitcherness as Maize's, but for $10 instead of $15.  This is good.  But, you get wine glasses instead of champagne glasses, and there's no bucket of ice to keep the champagne chilled in.  Hot champagne is not good champagne.  And this might just be me, but you get easily thrice as much orange juice as you'll ever need, and I hate thoughtless waste.The menu is too small.  I don't mean that in the sense that there aren't enough offerings; i mean that in the sense that they don't describe their offerings well enough.  If i was a big time vegetarian, which is something you need to cater to in CenPho, I would have been pretty pissed that there were greasy (and delicious) strips of bacon hugging the side of my french toast this morning - the menu says nothing about bacon.  I also didn't know what was coming with my burger.  I assumed it was fries.  Instead it was coleslaw.  The coleslaw was delicious, but it pretty much seems like the physical menus were an afterthought creation a half hour before open.  Did you know the burger came on a pretzel bun?  I didn't either until it showed up.  Good thing the pretzel bun's good.The service is extremely nice, but slow and poorly timed.  This isn't just my opinion.  This has also been the opinion of the 6 other people that I've been here with over a few visits in addition to opinions from others that have been (on visits where I wasn't there).  I'm hoping this will shape up as the staff gains more experience, since I guess this place has only been open a month.Everything here is fixable, so I really hope Bliss/reBAR survives their shitty location long enough to work out all these kinks, because deep down (and on the surface of my tongue) I really like it.
3	I have eaten at Ticoz, Fez, and Switch and find them reasonably good. They aren't top of my list of downtown restaurants, and I can't say I've ever craved anything from them, but they usually offer reliable good eats. Since I live in the neighborhood of Bliss/reBAR, and my friend and I were hungry for lunch this past Sunday (and for those of you downtowners, you know how hard it is to find a good restaurant open on a Sunday!!!), we thought we'd try it out. Since we had already eaten breakfast, we were looking forward to some lunch grub. Unfortunately, Bliss only serves breakfast until 2PM (as in, you are out of luck if you want to order lunch!). No worries. I like breakfast, so I'll eat it twice in one day. I ordered the breakfast burrito and my friend ordered the omelet. Both of our meals were fine, just not spectacular. The biggest downside was my friend's omelet came with toast - no jam or anything, just plain toast. We asked our server if we could get some jam and were informed that the kitchen didn't stock jam! Um, okay?! To the wait staff's credit, they went above and beyond to try and come up with something to put on the toast. I heard that they are going to start stocking jam in the future, so it must be a common request ;)Overall, I think the place has good potential. The service was great and the space is interesting (although doesn't appear to be any changes since the space was nine05). I found the menu to be pretty limited, and wished I had gotten to eat lunch vs. breakfast. I think I'll give them some time to work out the kinks before I venture back.
5	Review for Bliss:  Simple, non-complicated menu that is executed very well.  The portions are good sized and the prices are VERY reasonable.  Overall a GREAT restaurant.  Had the Mac and Cheese with chicken and Bacon and it was awesome.Review for reBAR:  Layout is excellent and the drinks were poured good...I like the fact that it is open and people can just walk up to the place.  The crowd is mixed and it seems that the "pretty people" have left other bars to hang out here.  This could end up being the ultimate happy hour place for those young executives downtown....and good looking ones at that....  The place clears out after 10pm, but still enough people around to have a good time.  High times seem to be from 6 to 9pm.  Good pre-bar.....hmmm...maybe they should of called it preBAR.
5	Great food and service! I really liked the eclectic menu. I had the briket crisp with mashed cauliflower which was delightful. The mixed drink selection is fantastic too. I really like their naked  (read: healthier) cocktail menu. Just remember naked drinks = healthy. Naked food = plain. So their macaroni and cheese is not healthy, but delicious! Ha!The ambiance is very charming and comfortable. reBAR has a great patio. The whole set up of Bliss/reBAR is great.
4	Can you say blissful? That's how I'll describe my meal at Bliss. Then again, I DID have the loaded mac & cheese for lunch. I had a lunch meeting today at Bliss, and I look forward to returning there soon. I mean, really .... the menu screams comfort food, and I am the queen of comfort food. My ooey-gooey mac & cheese was so creamy and delicious with a grown-up twist that made it a just  little bit sophisticated. At noon on a Monday the place was fairly empty; although, free parking was scarce. I hadn't been in the area since the original Fate closed, so I was surprised to see parking meters along most of the side streets. Bring your loose change!
4	Cool place in downtown!  I've been to all of the iterations of the restaurant and all of them have been pretty cool.  The happy hour is a great deal and the bartenders are really nice.
4	Took my co-workers out for lunch today and picked Bliss. We are all now full of Bliss! Around the table I saw Loaded Mac N Cheese, Naked Mac N Cheese, Three Tacos, Chicken Sandwich and Veggie Sandwich. As usual with this crew, the shoestring potatoes (we picked salt/vinegar) were done to perfection. All of the sandwiches were served with a small side of veggie slaw (red cabbage/carrot), which disappeared all around. Sadly there was no room for dessert, which sounded fantastic. Equally as sad...no alcoholic beverages for us, since we were headed back to work. The patio area is quite large and as soon as the temp dips, we'll be asking for that seating...such a beautiful building.
1	Blows/reBlowsJust like Nine05 and Fate, this place will be closed down soon.  The only difference is that this place will close even faster.  Surprising really, because Fez and Switch are pretty good.  The food and service at Bliss was absolutely dreadful.  I sat down and asked the server what the Rotating tap of Sierra Nevada was.  He said "what's Sierra Nevada?, is that a beer?"   Where the hell did they find this server?  Are you serious?  How do you not know what Sierra Nevada is??  He goes to the bar to ask what it is, he comes back and says "its a brown ale, like octoberfest"  I ask: "Is it Tumble?"  He says, "oh yeah, thats what they called it."  Ok, how the hell do you forget the name of the beer from the bar to my table, its like 20 feet!  This server is the dumbest thing ever...  I hope this kid falls face first into the fryer.   Then we ask him how a few things are:  He says, "the burger is ok, thats my style."  Then he proceeds to tell me "Well, i sold a lot of this, and a lot of that."  Look sparky, i didnt ask how sales were, i want to know whats good.  If a parade of fools came in and ordered 200 poopwiches, that makes them a good seller, still doesnt make them good!  CaPish? I ordered the Veggie Sandwich... The eggplant was soggy, the bread was burnt (see my pic)...  the carrot slaw was SO covered in garlic crap, that it was not edible.  I didnt even eat a quarter of the food.  They cleared the plate without even asking how it was.  Seriously... i cannot fathom ever going back to this place.  I wish i could give this less than 1 star.... it deserves  a -5.  Epic Fail.
1	i am trying really hard to like bliss. i like fez, ticoz & switch. i have eaten here 4 times now & have only been happy with one meal - burger & fries. the tempura vegetables are soggy breaded goober, the fried ravioli is like tostinos in the freezer section. the coconut chicken is bland. i thought i'd be safe with a spinach salad but the dressing was tart. how do you mess up a spinach salad? i'm going to give bliss one more chance so i can try the mac & cheese. i do have to give the servers credit. every time i've been here, i've had excellent service. they are helpful, attentive & friendly.i liked rebar better than i did the restaurant. there was a charming bartender who chatted with us & gave us drink samples . they did a beautiful job completing the interior of the bar. the outside bar is going to be great now that we are in double digits.
3	Solid 3 stars...was thinking 3.5 but the server seemed a little distracted and disinterested. The night was awesome. Perfect for sitting outside. As I walk up I notice the host podium is vacant and walk to the front door of the restaurant and find myself holding the door open for 2 of the servers as they were walking out with food and I continue to walk in looking confused on who I tell I am here so I can sit and be served. One of the servers came back in, and I asked if we just seat ourselves to which he advised that I could find a spot I like and he would follow me. After some though I ordered the loaded burger and the shoestring fries with sea salt and vinegar. While not fond of the cheese sauce, it was good, but I would have been more content with a slice of sharp cheddar or crumbles of bleu cheese. The bacon was crisp and generous and the patty (cooked medium) was thick and juicy. Like everyone else has mentioned, the pretzel bun on the burger was great.  I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor of the sriracha slaw provided with the burger enough to put some on the burger itself. The fries were nice and thin...where was the vinegar? Ehhh, not in the mood to bring it to their attention I enjoyed them with just the sea salt. The portions are generous as I found myself taking half my burger home and more than half of my fries. Overall I enjoyed the ambiance, proximity and can see myself coming again to hang out on the patio now that the temps are more cozy.
5	Had lunch at Bliss again ... still yummy as always! This time I had the ceasar salad and their shoe string  parmesan cheese fries. I still recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
4	I'm kind of obsessed with their brunch. $10 bottle of champagne with orange juice for DIY mimosas, plus cheap and tasty entrees. I have always left full and tipsy for less than $20...how great is that? The space is super-cute, too, and the wait staff are friendly. The Roosevelt neighborhood is kind of lame, but so is most of downtown. At least parking is easy;-) I hope this place hangs on...it's a cute spot!
2	Not a summer restaurant for Phoenix!!!! We went for happy hour on a day when it was still over 100 degrees. The open air kitchen means the chef is probably more comfortable, but the diners get to experience the heat from the ovens. The front of the restaurant faces west so we had the glaring sun shining into eyes until sundown and we could feel the heat radiating through the windows. We asked the waiter to draw the curtains and he told us they keep them up to maintain an "open feel." To help cool the place down and get a cross breeze, someone had propped open the doors so we were swarmed with flies. One person in our group of four actually got up and left and said she'd rather stop at Burger King on the way home and eat in the park if she was going to have sweat through her dinner, have the sun in her eyes and swat flies while she ate. I should have left with her. I went back at night on a cooler evening and the inside environment was much more pleasant. Both times, the food was good and the portions are generous. Nothing worse than leaving a restaurant and having to resist the temptation to hit a drive through on the way home because your 'fancy' meal with trendy sized portions left you hungry. The place is trendy and the wait staff is friendly. The outdoor bar is wonderful for the few times a year you'd want to sit outside in the long AZ summer for a drink. I expect it will be great in the spring and fall weather. I enjoyed the lettuce wraps (Swiss Chard, I learned is not a cheese, but rather a type of lettuce leaf), and the coconut chicken and the ginger sauce it comes with are great.Good pours on the drinks!!!
3	Food was really bland, tasted reheated. Atmosphere is nice, but the food quality is just poor.
3	I don't like the food that I've had here so far. the fries are just plain disappointing. they play awful, terrible popular music that makes me want to slit my wrists. the music is interspersed with several-second gaps between songs, so my friend's slightly aghast exclamation ("i would *never* shave it!") echoes throughout the bar and garners our party some awkward glances. the reason(s) i'm offering Bliss/reBAR 3 stars is b/c of the bar staff and the drink prices (at the bar, specials seem to be different on the restaurant side).I like the bar's space, other than the echo issue (get some local art on your walls,  your neighbors will love you for it), and will return, but it would really make it easier and more enjoyable if they actually played good music.
4	What a sweet place. I really enjoyed our visit and hope it picks up steam. I loved the menu which includes comfort items like a grilled cheese sandwich and mac and cheese. Both are served just quirky enough to be interesting but not enough to change the "comfort" part. They serve orders of french fries three different ways. I tried the Parmesan french fries which were served with a marinara-like sauce. I wasn't fan of dipping my french fries in a tomato-base. But I admire that they mix up a traditional serving of french fries. The atmosphere was fun with a large outdoor patio, an exposed brick exterior, and fun pop music (i.e. our table was singing along to Journey's "Don't Stop Believing'"). This will be a favorite of ours during the winter months of Phoenix. There's also plenty of room for group happy hours. The central-Phoenix location is convenient! Give it a try!!!
3	Hey-yo!Wazzzzzzzzzup. I've been back quite a few times. Let's see. Service is hit or miss...when it's on it is DONKEY KONG! Can't remember the guys name, but ONE night the service was great/friendly/fun/phoenix!Why the increase in stars? Because I FINALLY tried their lettuce wraps! TDF!TDF!(TO DIE FOR!)wht not 4 stars..... because I also tried their $9.00 siracha caesar salad and it was: BAF! :BAF! (Boring as F***!)I can honestly say that the ReadyPac Caesar Salad kit @ Safeway is more adventurous than this thing...Boof.But whatever..I'ma keep trying, because I really want to like this place.
4	I know I'm not alone in my good review of this place, but I am suprised at the bad to so-so reviews, but to each their own. I really like this place. I love going here for a boozy brunch and having the same wonderful server (I'm sorry I never got your name, but you are awesome and always friendly). Two for Tuesdays and getting yummy burgers served on pretzel bread with a plate of fries and my choice of beer or wine is a great deal.The mac n' cheese is yummy too and dare I say better than my own husbands.  The cheese crisp is more like oversized nachos, but still good.  Everything I have ordered has been perfectly delicious.I have always had wonderful and friendly service. I agree this is no place to sit on the patio during the sweaty summer months and the music is a bit bland and too top 40, but I enjoy the yummy food and boozy drinks. I will continue to go here almost weekly.
4	We went after a friend's gallery opening  Food was different and good. We had various apps with the daily drink special. Comfort cheese crisps had great flavor. Needed more cheese. We had a big party of about 20. They put us in the middle area with tables/bench seating. Quite nice
5	These guys do a great job! Very good food and a very professional, friendly staff. Refreshing after the slew of mediocre restaurants that were there before.
5	Mark Howard of Fez, just opened up Bliss/ReBar. We headed there for brunch last week to check out the new space. The Braised Beef Nachos were delectable.Several people at our table ordered sandwiches on the pretzel bread- which was great. The new interior spaces are fantastic. A new solid wood bar was installed on the inside to watch games etc. The price is perfect for the location. The previous restaurants in that space were on the pricey side, but these prices were very reasonable. After reading reviews- I can't wait to try the Mac and Cheese!
4	Mac and Cheese is delicious.  The burger is decent but the drinks are why I think it's worth going.  They have an inventive drink list that is worth pursuing.  The music is a little loud and the guests can be a bit trendy (making me feel like a dork) but sometimes when you are in the mood for a nice drink after work or for a cozy brunch I think this is just the place.  Super pretty interior and pretty people.
5	Just recently moved to the area and took some family here for dinner and drinks. It was pretty quiet inside so we got a seat right away. Good service, I think our waiter was either a little shy or tired but still kept on us. I had the broccoli cheese soup which was amazing!! Yum.  We all enjoyed our food and the experience. I will be back to try out some more of that menu!
2	I really wanted to like Bliss/reBAR.  The location downtown is perfect walking distance for me and the physical structure of the bar is really interesting.  However, the reality of both spaces leaves something to be desired.  The location while great for downtowners is odd for everybody else.  The place is situated next to a vacant lot (which sadly has not been turned into a parking lot or green space or development) and the place where 3rd and 4th st split.  There's street parking about, but it's not always easy to find.First let's start with Bliss.  The menu is small and has some good options.  However the flavor is just not there for me.  I think the sauces are at fault.  The sriacha aioli is way too hot.  I think it is actually just sriacha.  The cheese sauce is way too thick and goopey.  Sometimes less is more.  I have had a few of the sandwiches and they suffer from the overloaded flavor of the pretzel bun.  That's all I can taste.  The BBQ chicken tastes too much of smoke.  The fries are tiny, but crispy, but so thin.  There food here just needs to have more balanced flavors.Then, there's ReBAR.  I want to drink at ReBAR, especially on the patio.  The drinks used to have bad pours.  I had way too many rum and diets that tasted funky and not good.  Jackson fixed this and I have not had a bad rum and diet since.  I guess my problem now is that there is just not many people there.  This is not the fault necessarily of the owners.  They have lots of great specials going on.  This is the type of bar that works when its crowded.  When there is no one about, it just feels sad.
4	They've shown some improvement. I ate at Bliss opening weekend and was not impressed. However, I gave it a second chance and had a much better experience. I had a grilled cheese sandwich with the creamy tomato soup. My boyfriend had the Bliss Burger. Both were great comfort food. We'll be back again.
5	A five-star rating is not to be thrown around lightly.  A five-star restaurant has to deliver on all the bases, and Bliss/reBAR do just that.  Service:  Everytime i've ever been here the staff has been ridiculously nice, patient, and friendly.  Ambience:  They've been dinged on the music before, agreeably--the dance onslaught from Fez is fun for a little while before it gets old quick.  So they threw it out.  "We're not a club, we're a house in an arts district" the barkeep saucily proclaimed to my delight.  The mix has something for everyone and is unlike anything in Phoenix.The patio is a little industrial, lacking some green, but that's after *trying* to find something wrong with this place.  It's well apportioned with comfortable furniture, heaters, and a giant bar landmarking the corner.  A panoramic view of downtown looms with almost every tower visible across the smattering of vacant lots and buildings on the border of the commercial core, putting the urban clusterfucks of downtown Phoenix in a stark, beautiful contrast to one another.   Probably not for long as the two blocks across 4th Street will likely be a construction site soon enough.  Inside, the challenge of fitting a commercial space into a house is met with every expectation.  The restaurant side is packed in and cosmopolitan, the bar side is like the Steampunk interpretation of a neighborhood saloon.  The bathrooom is like a Madison Avenue space station--practical, clean, and sophisticated.  Food:  I've found every item I've tried:  porkchops, tacos, burgers, salads to be sheer awesome.  The $5 to go menu--"Bliss Boxes"-- should be seriously considered by anyone on a budget.  Drinks:  They're all about the deal here.  $3 pints of GOOD beer make this place an awesome endcap to any weeknight.  Inventive cocktails that are poured as they should be.Bliss and reBAR get it and add wonderfully to the dynamic downtown Phoenix restaurant scene.  10/10.
1	This review is strictly for reBAR, because I did not eat at Bliss. I very rarely give out one star ratings, but I very rarely get terrible service. I came in on a busy Friday night with two other people, and I went to the inside bar to get a drink while they went to the bathroom. As a side note - the bathroom is in a really weird location, so the line extends out to where people are sitting at tables.I stood at the front of the bar and ended up waiting for service for 10-15 minutes, which is completely understandable, except for the fact that I was watching everyone get served except me. I was beginning to think that it was me, since I was watching people left and right get cycled out at the bar. I finally got the courage to raise my hand and ask for three beers. The bartender, very rudely, snapped at me saying, "you will wait your turn" I understand that the bar was busy, but even the guy next to me commented on how long I had been standing there. After that, I left and went to the bar outside. The bartender promptly served me immediately upon arriving and even bought one of my beers to make up for the bad service.I never send food back, I'm a good tipper, and I'm friendly to servers. I am NEVER a rude customer, so I was extremely disgusted with my treatment. I will never be back.
5	Of course a 5 Star! I have my Arin I know I can always run into and share some killer MAC N CHEESE with and a bottle of Chambord! Love this place!
4	Oh what a blissful experience at Bliss/ReBar!  After a brief visit to rebar on a pub crawl, during which I spent most of the time drooling over the food on the other side of the fence, I've decided to try it out for dinner.   It was a Friday night about 8:30, we were greeted (actually twice), and sat almost immediately.   Our server was very friendly actually sported a personality which was a nice change.  The menu is pretty small, so I won't complain about the number of vegetarian options.  The ratio of vegetarian to non-veggie options was acceptable.  They offered a grilled veggie sandwich, grilled cheese with pear(which you could order without bacon), mac n cheese, several salads and a few appetizers.    Since it was so late, I didn't want to order anything too heavy. I decided on a pesto "cheese crisp" and  1/2 red rocket salad, yes I said it RED ROCKET!   A pleasant surprise was that I could order any salad in a half order, which was a great alternative to just getting a "side salad".   I'll start with the "Cheese crisp"-  fried tortilla sliced into 6 pieces topped with pesto, tomato and fresh mozzarella. -4 Stars.   The salad was also very tasty; it was a fried piece of goat cheese on top of a bed of arugula, with red bell pepper and red onion.  My only complaint is that there were only a few slivers of pepper and onion, so I ended up with a bowl of perfectly dressed arugula.  I made the best of it and added it on top of my cheese crisp... never let arugula go to waste!  My Bf ordered salt and vinegar fries for the table and they were very good, but I actually think they needed a little more seasoning to bring out the vinegar.   In hind sight, if I was eating the entire order it could be overwhelming.Other orders at the table included a burger and an order of lettuce wraps, I can't speak to either of those as they both contained meat, but the rest of my party seemed pleased.  It all fairness to Bliss, since I didn't order a "real" meal, what they served me was very good and the service was spot on.  Since I about 25 minutes away, I wouldn't make a trip to Bliss just to eat, but I will definitely recommend it for a group dinner in the future.
5	Great service. Tasty food. Good place for friends to gather.
4	Bullet point review....and GO!-Two older homes modified, with one as the restaurant (Bliss) and the other as the bar (guess!)-Fomerly "Fade" from my understanding, but I never dined there and have no reference for comparison-Architecture and design is very cool, melding old and new-Service was excellent, food decent.  Good beer on tap (good beer on tap is always worth at least half a star!)-Diverse crowd and a cool vibe.  Nice changeup from the 'dale.-Make sure to add it to your list for and light rail pub crawl on Central as it's worth walking a few blocks!...and DONE!
4	On the lovely Sunday over MLK weekend, my friends and I rode our bikes down to this joint to see what was a-happenin'. What was happening at the outdoor bar was a huge gay circuit party, which was kind of awesome to see on a Sunday afternoon. We veered left, to grab some food before shoehorning ourselves into the Rebar gaiety. Service was a little weird in that we kind of stood around waiting for someone to acknowledge us and be seated - Do we go inside, just have a seat? what? But then we were cheerfully seated on the patio without much waiting. Nitty-gritty: chips and salsa were good, but the salsa was totally the old spicy smoky one they had at Ticoz, I swears! (loved it then, not sure what the slight twist they did to it for Bliss, but it's aight still)Tortilla pizza thing with the pesto, tomato and mozz: meh. there was no zip to it. Very oily and heavy.Shrimp tempura tacos? Some tasty business. Generously filled with fattie shrimps, and just fresh, crispy and delicious. Didn't come served with any lemon wedges, so we totally ghetto fished the wedges out of our water glasses, and it made a big diff. Not so great was waiting half an hour for our cocktail order. That's the sucky thing about restaurant service when the waiter has to depend on the bar to make drinks for them. Considering how slammed the bar was with cocktailing 'mos, I understand, but it makes for bad service over on the restaurant side. We were comped our delicious white sangrias for having to wait so long, and that was very much appreciated.And then, we went to the bar. It was less packed than when we arrived, but still pretty populated, the bartender, David, was just catching up and picking up all the crap he had to clean up after being hit so hard. I thought he was the only bartender there, but it turns out there was another one at the decidedly less busy inside bar area. Didn't seem like outdoor guy had much help, which sucks. I'm sure they made good money that day, but could have probably made a sh*t-ton more with better staffing. Despite David clearly being pummelled, he was amazingly even-tempered, gracious and polite, and made excellent cocktails, though we had to coach him (only the once) to chill the vodka in our bombers. It was a great place to be on a Sunday afternoon, just hanging out, unpretentious, and 2-4-1 doesn't suck one bit. Definitely will be rolling down there some more.
5	I have yet to be disappointed with this place!  This is a great new bar in Phoenix!    Happy hour is never a disappointment and the drinks are awesome!  The Pom is my favorite drink and it comes with a kick!  I haven't found an item on the menu I haven't liked.  I've had a little bit of everything on the menu.  The nachos are my favorite with the homemade chips.  The grill cheese was my best pick for dinner.  Bacon and pears was a fantastic addition to this sandwich.  Pair this sandwich with the sea salt & vinegar shoestring fries to complete the dish.  I can't wait to go back to try the Mac & Cheese.  This place has it all: great food, great drinks and an awesome atmosphere!
2	I have heard many good things about Bliss/reBar from my friends and family. So many in fact that when Groupon featured a half-priced "Groupon" I got TWO!So I went to use one of the Groupons last night. It was a Saturday night, I expected it to be busy and I expected a wait because I hadn't made reservations. I got one, but not the other.I walked in and immediately noticed how empty it was. No one was inside reBar, but there were a few people at the patio bar and one party at a table near the patio bar.On the Bliss side there were two tables occupied and three to four tables that were clean and empty.Upon walking up to the host he immediately greeted us and asked if we had reservations. We told him we did not to which he replied "Oh, um well we really require reservations on the weekend, and tonight we are completely booked solid until the next table leaves, But let me check around and see what we can do."Really?? You're booked solid until the next table leaves?? Yeah that's how it usually works guy. I'm not sharing a table with a bunch of people I have never met before. Oh and by the way, stop acting like this restaurant is in NYC or LA.So we wait a few minutes and told us "Yeah it will about 20 minutes but you can sit in bar. You can even order in the bar if you want, but I know most people who come here want to eat on the other side because they want that restaurant experience."Ok, dude, I've been to a restaurant before. I know what the "restaurant experience" is all about.  I mean should I have been offended? We were well dressed. Groomed. I don't think we looked like cavemen....So we went inside ReBar and ordered some drinks. I liked the decor, simple yet funky. It just seemed so empty (as did both patios). Granted I hate when restaurants are cramped tight with tables, but they could easily fit twice the amount of tables and still have plenty of room.The bartender was great. Very friendly and worked fast. The only thing that put me off a bit was when she complained about how busy they had been because of all the Groupons and how no one was really sure what to do with them.She made us our drinks and we sat down. Only one party came in the whole time we were in the bar.Fifteen minutes later the host came to let us know that a table would be ready in 5 min . So we went out and stood by the host station where no one was to be found. After another 5 minutes someone else greeted us. We told him we were waiting for a table and gave our name. he was friendly and sat us promptlyWe shared an appetizer, each ordered the same entree and split dessert.As an appetizer we had the fried sausage ravioli which was really good but needed cheese.We each had the loaded macaroni. It was good, but there was something that was missing...it was lacking flavor. The chicken and bacon was good but the cheese was bland. It tasted a bit velveeta-y.For dessert we got rice pudding. It was really good, I just wished it had been served warm.Our waiter only checked in with us to take our orders, and then ask if we wanted the bill or dessert. I had to ask for a refill on my water.The food was ok, the service was bad. I believe in second chances and I have another Groupon, so I'll be back. Maybe it will be different if I try a weekday lunch. I will make sure to make reservations though.*rolls eyes*
5	All I can say is pretzel bun....and mac n cheese! SO FREAKIN  YUMMY!!!! Bliss's pretzel bun is made daily by a local bakery downtown, this incredible bun is put on their famous burger and chicken sandwich which are sooooo tasty! A homemade cheese sauce is  put on these sandwiches, which is a great touch. The mac n cheese is one of the best in town, and has taken over my previous favorite, Chelseas kitchen. I am proud to say I am  a french fry whore, and their skinny parmesan fries do it for me every time! I have almost been through the whole menu including brunch. For being a new restaurant the staff is doing a great job, the kitchen is so small, I have no idea how the chef's move around! But they make it happen and the food has been consistent every time. The bar is also way cute and the drinks are poured nicely! Even when it is happy hour you wont get skimpy drinks here darling!The owners are great guys who are at the restaurant on a a regular.I hope you try BlissRebar and enjoy your time as much as I have, because  I definitely have experienced Bliss:)
5	My wife and I have been to Bliss several times and haven't had a bad experience- both brunch and dinner. Ive tried several different items on the menu. The grilled cheese with pears, pot roast, pork chops, sea bass (fish of the day), omelet, fried ravioli were all delicious. The pot roast is my favorite. For desert Ive had the cobbler and the brownie sundae. My least favorite was the skewers- while still good I didn't enjoy whatever the default sauce was they used- it was a bit heavy. I would recommend changing to one of the other sauces they offer. The few times Ive gotten mixed drinks they were always mixed well. Highly recommended!
5	A cute, cozy spot, with perfectly attentive service and fabulous and inexpensive food. A Sunday morning mimosa pitcher was a delicious accompaniment to breakfast sandwiches and the most amazing sandwich I've had in a long time: a BLT with tempura shrimp and avocado aioli. First of all, the shrimp were jumbo-sized. And the whole thing put together was really interesting and good! The bacon was both thick and crispy. Can't wait to come back and try more things from the menu!
1	Can I tell you how much I despised Fate with all its pretentious, snooty bullshit? I should have known the second I realized that Bliss/reBar was in the same building that it was probably tainted from all the leftover evil.And so it is. We showed up and the restaurant was practically empty. There is no hostess or even a hint of one. We stood there for many minutes on end before even being acknowledged by one of the many servers who were rushing around (perhaps serving to invisible people? The place was dead.). We were told there was a 15 minute wait, or we could eat on the patio. Um, it's 40 degrees...  AND THE PLACE WAS DEAD. I guess we'll wait. We go back outside because there is zero point zero extra room to stand. The server comes back out and says they have two large parties coming in an hour, but we can sit inside now if we can be done in 45 minutes. That's sure inviting, isn't it.So we hustle on inside and make some hasty selections. $9 faux comfort food shit like gourmet mac and cheese just offends me, so I go with the veggie sandwich. That sounds innocuous enough, right? The food came out straightaway - too fast for a burger to be cooked medium well, like my companion ordered. Sure as shit, she cut into it, and it was bleeding and mooing all over the place. My "veggie" sandwich arrives and it looks like a Filet-o-Fish from hell, some huge block of something unidentifiable due to extreme deep-frying. I couldn't help it - I asked the server what the hell it was. Eggplant.Ohhhhkay then. It was like trying to eat a deep fried brick between two pillows. Impossible. The pretzel bread, while yummy, is totally unyielding. Only Jenna Jameson can fit that thing into her mouth. My companion was suffering a similar fate with her bleeding burger. There was mayonnaise and shredded cabbage and boiling hot eggplant juice going everywhere and it was goddamn ridiculous. Neither of us got through even a half of our sandwiches. I wolfed down the side salad just to get something remotely healthy in there after the onslaught of grease, although I almost choked on the buckets of sugar syrup they call salad dressing.So, while we are attempting to recover from this mess, the server goes MIA. You'd think if they were trying to hustle us out of there, we'd get a damn check. Nope. No. Nada. Had to chase someone down and ask for it. When it finally came, there wasn't even an itemized receipt, so even though the total seemed a little low I couldn't check it out. I was so over the whole experience at the point I didn't even care. I left a shitty tip and we escaped to the bar next door, where the cute bartenders gave us some free drinks and we sucked down innumerable $3 vodka specials for the next four hours. Just UGH in every way.
3	I've been to this location many times in its previous incarnations as Fate and Nine05. A groupon gave me a reason to check out the new take. I really wanted to like but... I'm pretty sure I'll never be back.I love the location. The new owners finally finished a re-model that was underway for years it seems. But the food... was just... not very great. The "comfort cheese crisp" appetizer ($8) we had with tomato, mozzarella, and pesto was pitiful. A large greasy chip with a tomato slice, a slice of mozzarella, and some pesto oil sprinkled over it. It was so greasy and frankly not very flavorful. I think a simple sprinkle of salt would have been a great improvement. (no salt on the table btw)I followed it up with the "veggie delight" ($7) which the menu said was "seasonal vegetables on a pretzel bun" - more like a (fried?) patty of vegetables smothered with some sort of cheese spread? And one of the most inedible side salads (maybe it was a garnish I wasn't suppose to eat) I've ever encountered.Overall I felt their printed menu was not very helpful in its descriptions or usability. I should have asked the waitress for clarification I guess.The music was horrible. Loud upbeat generic electronic music with diva vocals and the like. I'm sure that works for some people but it just never will for me.Three stars for the drinks - which were strong and tasty. I also appreciated that they had "light" mixed drinks to offer - even thought I didn't spring for one. And decent service.
5	Great bar and patio in downtown Phoenix. Visiting from Denver we followed Yelp recommendations and were really impressed. View of downtown and sunset from the patio were awesome. We only had drinks, no food. The design and layout are really well done and modern. Highly recommend!
5	I almost didn't go after reviewing some of the other reviews but I went and was I ever happy Our server was B.G. and was great, it was delightful sitting on the patio drinks were good food was great burger and chicken sandwich were great. Loved the pretzel bun. I think sometimes fellow yelpers are a little too critical it is not dietetic but yummy good service good food . we will be back
5	Great vibe! I was there on a Tuesday--- the first time I have been since the bar has changed owners. First of all, it was packed on both sides-- a good sign that this spot will make it. Posh crowd in the typical downtown Phoenix fashion. Food took a little while to come out but the meals were great! I had grilled chicken and veggies on skewers-- amazing flavor! I will definitely be back. ++Great beer selection as well.
3	My first time here was for an Art Institute Alumni mixer. I'm so glad that they picked this place, because I didn't even know it existed until now! I spent most of my time outside and at the bar. The decor is really something, and there's lots of room inside and out for you to walk around and mingle with people. The staff is very friendly, and all around it's a really cool place! The drinks and apps are amazing, and $4 Long Islands on Thursdays are right up my ally! My only complaint is parking. There's, like, 4 empty lots around this place, but parking is across the busiest street in this hidden abandoned parking lot. I gave up trying to figure out how to get there, so I ended up parking down a ways on the street (which is packed around the bar/restaurant).I'd give it 4 stars if it was just easier to park somewhere (maybe buy part of that huge lot in front and turn it into parking spots?!)
2	We've eaten here twice.  Both on weekend, one for breakfast, one for lunch.Setting is great.  Nice atmosphere.  Service is fair.  Friendly, but not overly attentive.Food is just okay.  Here is the GREAT thing about them for breakfast/lunch.  The $10 mimosa special is an entire bottle of champagne with a large caraffe of orange juice.  Enough to get 3-4 people tipsy over breakfast.  $4 bloody mary was decent.Mac & Cheese is tasty but nothing gourmet about it. Chicken sandwhich with bacon was just okay.  Pretzel bun best part.Eggs are okay on the breakfast platter as well.Fries with grated parmesan cheese and red sauce dip is okay, but nothing special.After two times, with all of the fantastic places to eat downtown, I probably won't be back.  Seems like it's a better place to go to visit the bar than the restaurant.  When busy, with outdoor, it would be a terrific venue.
5	Great food and great service and great location! Had the pot roast and it was like eating my grandmothers Sunday best! And, the grilled and marinated baby broccoli was exquisite!
5	It was empty when I went.  Just flew into Phoenix and wanted a late meal (at some place that was still serving food).  I ordered the coconut chicken tenders and fries.  Amazing and creative!  I'd definitely go back.
3	I went back here before the Yelp party to use up my stupid happy hour coupons that had been sitting in my wallet since August.  And, I still don't love it.  The cocktails tasted pretty cheap. The french fries are better now!! Thin, and crispy and delicious.  Sadly, I don't think a restaurant can survive on fries alone (except for maybe Delux).
4	A fantasic spot to have a bite to eat, and grab a drink with your friends.  First Friday is always Jammed packed with all kinds of people from straights, gays, hipsters, the local, and the people watchers.  Great open patio with lots of room to mingle.  I would totally recommend stopping here.
4	Cheese Nachos so yummy an the mac an cheese is the shit
3	My long overdue debut at Bliss/reBar came after a wonderful night at the theater. The evening mild and the company superb, it would have taken a major misstep in service for Bliss to get anything less than 3 stars. Fortunately, the service was first rate. And having Hop Knot on tap certainly didn't hurt their resume. I enjoyed the music and the atmosphere was inviting with a sense of community. While I didn't eat I did watch with jaw slightly agape as my tablemates snacked on hearty macaroni and cheese with bacon, coconut crusted chicken fingers and parm-dusted french fries with marinara dipping sauce. No shame in that game.I'm looking forward to going back when it's a bit busier and I can get a better read on what's what. Oh, and I'll be dancing with those chicken fingers.
3	I've been to Bliss/reBAR twice so far, once for an event and just the other day for a great lunch on the patio.The service has been very good each time.  I love the outdoor patio space and the circular bar with the rebar tree.The food is solid so far as well.  I shared an order of "comfort cheese crisps" with BBQ chicken and onions.  Tasty stuff.  Then I shared a caesar salad and a bliss burger, loaded.  I particularly enjoyed the burger.The bottom line is that I really love the outdoor space here for the nice weather - outdoor dining and relaxing at it's best.
4	Really liked this bar. The bartender told me the owners had changed, and I could kind of tell the difference from when I had gone before. The decor and atmosphere is really neat. There is a huge tree with a bar surrounding it and various tables on the patio. Inside the bar has a great twig/branch decoration on the cieling. Pretty cool. Great for day drinking/great weather relaxing with a drink and hanging out with friends.The service is great and the bartenders are friendly. During the week, they have daily drink specials for just $3 per drink. It was awesome. My girlfriend had some type of gummy bear drink the day we went and she really enjoyed it. It was on the drink of the day list. The crowd is pretty diverse there.
5	Jojo rocks! Sunday is so good and for me it is all about the artistry of Jojo. Food good....drink prices good.....Jojo....sublime. Keep up the good work on Sundays.  Mac and cheese rocks by the way. The only thing we were wishing we had was longer live music because we were having a good time.
4	I believe I found this place via those weekly Yelp specials that get sent out each Wednesday. The BF and I decided to go check it out and found a neat little restaurant/bar, located in downtown. The decor was cool, the place quiet, and the service attentive.We've been there twice now. Both times, I've gotten the loaded mac and cheese, which is everything a great mac and cheese should be. Rich, creamy, sprinkled with slices of smokey, chewy bacon and moist chicken. The first time the BF got the pork loin, which was great. If I remember right, the side was these silky mashed potatoes that were heaven, and some vegetables that were buttery and well done. The 2nd time we were there he got the crab cakes (mostly at my enthusiastic urging), which was a special on Valentine's day. I thought it was good, but he's a little harder to impress. I think it didn't blow him out of the water. We also got the red velvet cake. it was a nice spin on the classic dessert, as it had candied orange peel and some orange in the cake and frosting as well. The peach cobbler is to DIE for, please do get that. Both desserts have been very enjoyable, to say the least. I only have two quibbles: the drinks have only always been so-so for me. The first time I got one of their 'skinny' drinks, and that was a rather bland letdown. The 2nd time I got their grapefruit cocktail, and it was too bitter for me to drink down. I hate sending drinks and food back, so I stuck some splenda in it and chugged it down. I admit that half the problem was likely me picking the wrong drinks, but it was still rather disappointing. Also, the 2nd time we went, our server was clearly rather new. We only knew to ask about the red velvet because we heard another server tell the couple next to us about it.Overall, pretty decent food, good desserts, the drinks are a little hit or miss. Definitely worth a shot!
2	We made two trips to Bliss/reBar. The first time.. we sat at a table for 20 minutes, I kid you not, and no one came by. Apparently the new hostess forgot to assign us a server. We left and I wrote them an email. The owner was nice enough to invite us back and offer complimentary drinks and appetizer. I figured, why not?We get there and am pleased that our server is pleasant (probably the best experience about this place). We ordered a ruby grapefruit martini and an orange-cicle to start with. The drinks were strong but I'd never shell out $10 for something that small and plain. Appetizer: chicken lettuce wraps. The lettuce wraps were covered in too much sauce and really looked like a PF Changs rip-off. Didn't taste too great. Too runny and too salty.The boy ordered beef nachos and I had the 'loaded' macaroni and cheese. The nachos are deep fried, but the cheese is too milky and doesn't have any kick. The beef wasn't cooked in any spices, tasted like they just threw it on the pan. SO plain. The macaroni and cheese? Welp, I got it without bacon.. and it looked like it was out of an instant box with some store-bought powder bread crumbs on top. Way too milky and runny.. tasted bland. Mac and cheese needs to be rich, thick, cheesy. This didn't make the cut. I sent it back after a few bites and decided not to get anything else. Experience over.We're never coming back. Although the service was better the second time around, the food is overpriced and bland. Thanks, but no thanks.
3	Came here around 8:00 last night to graze and drink. I love, love, love the outdoor seating. A great place to meet friends and away the hours in central Phoenix. I am a huge fan of the low-sugar mixed drinks menu: I had a conconction with muddled raspberries that was tart and just the right sweetness, yet not at all short on the booze.Service was excellent throughout the night.I wanted to like the food, but was definitely not blown away. A friend and I shared the parmesan shoestring fries--good crispness, just fine. Passing on the signature mac and cheese, I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, my friend the lettuce wraps. Interestingly, the wraps came with Napa cabbage leaves instead of lettuce, which was okay as a substitute until the leaves started to soften. The filling was a tad too sweet for our tastes, but we appreciated the addition of walnuts. The chicken sandwich was good--not certain about the texture of the stone-ground mustard used (too seedy for some, I think), and adding Sriracha definitely toned down any sweetness in the sauce.The seasonal apple cobbler was partially burnt on one edge, but was fresh-tasting and serviceable.I will be back!
5	Always have a great time at rebar. Love the mac and cheese. Great drink specials. Love sunday funday
4	Had a great Sunday brunch, $10 pitchers of mimosas, and the french toast was pretty decent. It is mostly patio, so perfect place to bring a four legged friend.
2	This was the second time I've been to Bliss. The first time I ordered the Grilled Cheese with Pears, the second time I just went for dessert.  Both times I was disappointed.  The grilled Cheese with pears was small, and didn't have a side.  For 7 dollars I thought it was overpriced, and nothing I couldn't have made at home-just some cheese, slapped on sourdough bread, with some pears.  This past time I had the Brownie Sundae and  it was not very good at all.  The brownie was extremely dry and severely lacking in that chocolatey taste.  The ice cream was good, but I also suspect it wasn't homemade-so that was probably why it was tasty.  There was some carmel drizzled on top of the ice cream with a sprig of mint. That was it. For $6.50 it was way overpriced and the brownie sundae is definitely something I could have made (better) at home. The ambiance at Bliss is great though, and there isn't much noise.The service was alright, nothing to write home about. I would recommend if you're absolutely starving and there isn't anywhere else to go. (you're in downtown phoenix though, so there's always somewhere else to go)
3	I chose to come to Bliss/reBar because of its' fun energy and decent food.  Tonight was a special night, "Dining Out For life" and I wanted to support the cause.Upon arriving, I waited at the bar for a table.  I had only one drink before I realized the bartender could give a crap if I was there or not.  Seems he was more interested in entertaining and acting like some sissy girl, then paying attention to his responsibilities.  Instead of waiting for him, I walked off to check my table status.  Again, I was ignored and not informed that a table was ready.  Once finally seated, service arrived but was severely lacking in substance.  Highly disappointed in this place tonight but I certainly let my presence be known to the owners.  Only time will tell if they care to step up their game and fire a few people.
3	Bliss/reBAR nearly overcomes its terrible location but the food just isn't quite up to par.The coconut chicken tenders were flavorless and disappointing but the chicken itself was great. The grilled cheese was pretty damn good but I did expect more out of it. The mac 'n cheese is the real winner for sure. Don't even ask how much fat is in this, it's way too much but the flavor is absolutely wonderful.Our server was friendly and prompt never allowing our drinks to run dry.We sat outside as the weather was beautiful and I highly recommend this. Inside is small, cramped and noisy.Do go here if you love baconDon't go here if you're homophobic
4	the nachos and mac and cheese are amazing!  they also have a good local IPA on tap from four peaks.  this is just a very cool place with great outdoor seating and cool vibe.
5	Had a wonderful brunch today. The burrito was excellent with a pitcher of mimosa. Check it out!
4	I had been to Bliss a number of times for brunch, the experience was excellent. However, when I went there for dinner that was the kicker! This place is awesome!Sriracha Aioli, I was thinking of ordering more stuff just to try dipping it in there! We also got a Tomato Ragout and Honey Ginger sauce, those came with the appetizers (Fried Sausage Ravioli and Coconut Chicken Tenders). They have an entire list of dipping sauces that I cannot wait to try!Dessert was an Ice Cream Sandwich! Honestly, I don't even know how the regular menu is. We couldn't decide on an entree, everything looked too good (Mac n Cheese Loaded w Chicken & Bacon!) so we settled on appetizers and desert. It was amazing! Go and eat!(I have no idea how Rebar is, I wrote on their Facebook wall about their beer selection and got the answer: If you want good beer go to Roosevelt or Lost Leaf...so I do)
3	The food is average.  The outdoor bar for drinks is awesome.  If they had more outdoor seating in the bar area, I would have given them 4 stars.
2	I used a groupon for lunch at this place which was a smoking deal. And I really wanted to like it. I really did. But unfortunately the food was just not good. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The tortilla was very dry which made the whole thing fall apart. I had to cut it up and eat it with a fork. And if it wasn't for a few drops of buffalo sauce that I saw but couldn't taste, I probably would have sent it back thinking it wasn't what I ordered. It didn't taste like it had any sauce what-so-ever in it. I would've guessed it was a grilled chicken wrap with no sauce. And the little "salad" that came on the side was more like some leaves of lettuce with a drop of oil on them. There was no flavor at all!This place does deserve some credit for the atmosphere. The place is super cute and the service was good. All of the staff was very friendly and I really liked the feel of the place. Which made it even more upsetting the food didn't match the ambiance. But I will give this place another try. Maybe in the evening because it looks like it might be a cool place to chill and have a drink!
5	We went to Bliss for dinner and Rebar for drinks last night.  Really great experience.  The dinner was excellent; I asked if a couple of changes could be done to one of the menu items and they were more than accommodating and our server, Johnny, was exceptional!  I will ask for him the next time we go.  The drinks at Rebar were prepared well and again, the service was fantastic.  Bottom line:  food quality superior, drink/drink menu very good, views are great and the service was exceptionally good.  We went via light rail and while it's not right on the line, it's not a bad walk - maybe 5 minutes from the Roosevelt stop.  The indoors seemed a little like a pizza joint but the patio for both restaurant and bar are the best.  Enjoy!...
2	I'll probably be stoned to death and lose my pink card for this review, but I've given Bliss a chance three times and was sorely disappointed all three. From inconsistent service, to snooze-inducing food choices, I just can't go into the rapturous food orgasms that many of my locals seem to have when eating here.I haven't done the reBAR side of the combo, so all I can speak of is the restaurant. I like the space, and sure the staff is cute (in a sort of frat-boy/porn star way), but I need good food with my eye candy.Things I have tried: 1) the chicken soft tacos -- no flavor and HEAVY on the purple cabbage. 2) loaded mac n cheese -- I prefer the mac n cheese at Switch, hands down. 3) buffalo chicken sandwich -- decent taste, but a total mess to eat.
5	Sundays are so much fun at rebar. I haven't had a chance to dine at bliss but did have the shrimp tacos at the bar side and they were yum. Sundays they bring in a dj which completely brings in a great crowd and music all afternoon, something downtown Phoenix needs! So great to have!
2	Met up with a big group of people here for a friends birthday. My boyfriend and I were the first to arrive so we decided to grab a drink at the inside bar, as the one on the outside looked super busy. There was a door man who carded us before we entered the bar. There were a handful of people inside, the bartender came right over and then asked, "you're 21, right?" and then proceeded to serve me a drink without checking my ID. I have no problem being carded, I have no problem with being carded twice. But don't ask me IF i'm 21, and then not bother to even check my ID. It's just snotty, like you are doing me some favor or something. We paid cash and left right away to wait for our friends outside. After everyone arrived they seated us at a table that was in a separate room from everything else. We were actually sitting next to the window where the servers picked up the food for tables. No one else was in this room but our party. All we could hear was the buzz of the bar and the people having a good time outside the building. Why they didn't want us to enjoy the atmosphere is beyond me. The service was not good either, despite the fact we were so close to the kitchen. At one point we were waiting for our food to arrive and could see it sitting on the ledge, getting cold and waiting to be brought to our table. I was half tempted to go get it myself. It's a lucky thing too that we got our drinks in the beginning as drink service also took a long time. The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the food was pretty good. I got the Mac & Cheese with chicken and bacon which was really good. It was also a huge portion, so when I was finished and we were waiting half an hour just to receive our checks everyone else tried it, loved it, and finished it. Even though the food was good, I will probably never go back.
5	I loved this place! I was in Phoenix for work and my friend Peter took me here on a Thursday night for a drink and the atmosphere was so laidback, the bartender was cute and friendly, and the drinks were fantastic and not overpriced. While enjoying our cocktails, he told me about the restaurant attached to the bar and its phenomenal food, so we decided to lunch there the next day. He wasn't kidding. The service was awesome, again the drinks were tasty, and the food was excellent. I had the grilled pretzel bread with dipping sauces and tempura shrimp BLTA sandwich. The grilling of the pretzel bread varied (and not in the best way), but the cheese sauce completely made up for it. And the sandwich was ridiculously tasty... All in all, I would recommend this place to locals or visitors alike.
5	I can only speak for the drinks we had outside the bar. We loved the outside atmosphere and the bartender was very friendly an attentitive. Will have to give the food a shot sometime.
3	I had a Groupon I needed to use, so last Friday my hubby picked me up from work & we went to lunch here. It was a gorgeous day out with a nice breeze so we sat on the patio. Terra was our server & she was so cool & friendly.For starters we ordered the chips & dip and the grilled pretzel bread. The chips & dip were pretty good, loved the green onion dip but the chips could have been a bit more crispy. The pretzel bread was just ok, a few of the pieces were pretty burnt & the tomato jam dipping sauce was the best of the 3 sauces. I also ordered the strawberries & champagne cocktail, it was nice & strong.For our entrees; my hubby ordered the grilled chicken sandwich & I ordered the bliss burger loaded, both meals came with a side salad. My hubby liked his sandwich but they put way too much honey mustard on it. My burger was pretty good but I should have just got the regular, the cheese sauce & bacon was a bit too much. The pretzel bread on both sandwiches was so yummy though. The salads were ok, didn't care for the dressing. I decided to order some parmesan fries to share & since I had a Groupon, I also got the bacon mac & cheese to go. The fries were ok, I liked that they were shoestring but they were bland in flavor. I had the mac & cheese for dinner that night & it was pretty good, a lil too oily though & I wish there was more cheese.Total for everything was $50.67, but with my Groupon it was only $20.67. The atmosphere is great & I would definitely come back to have a drink on the patio, but the food was pretty average so not sure I'd come back for that.
5	I really enjoyed coming to this place. Stopped here in the evening for a late dinner. I loved the patio area, indoor dinning, and how the bar was separated. The service was great and so was the food. They do have a somewhat small selection than most restaurants, but all places vary. I will definitely be coming back here.
3	Must try the braised beef tacos, they were excellent. Chicken was good but the shrimp was battered and fried so that ruined it for me. Heavy hand on the mixed drinks which was a nice surprise. Deals everyday of the week which is very nice but they won't let you just 'run a tab', you have to actually run your card and sign it as you order, which is very annoying if you pay cash as they make you pay before you get each drink, appetizer, entree, etc. Other than that its a great place, packed on first Fridays, typical diverse downtown crowd but it leans towards a predominantly gay crowd quite often.
4	I enjoy hanging with my friends here, for dinner or a drink, very nice staff and I also enjoy the atmosphere.
3	Awesome style - you will get the name after you visit. They have an amazing patio which is totally lost in the brutal summer heat. I will return next winter.
2	I decided to give Bliss/reBar a second chance. On my first visit, I ordered the Bliss burger and found the amount of cheese combined with the heaviness of the bun, really over powered the burger itself. So last night, I met a friend for dinner. I started out with a glass of their malbec. I was very impressed with the quality and smoothness of the malbec! We got some Parmesan garlic fries to share. They were just ok. I thought it was strange that they were served with marinara sauce. Next, I ordered the Mac and Cheese with bacon and chicken. It came out piping hot and oozing with cheese. Normally I don't complain about the amount of cheese, but just like the burger I had, both dishes had way too much cheese in comparison the other ingredients. I did however enjoyed the slight spicy kick that the dish had. I guess I would come here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Small, simple and accommodating menu.  Excellent service, ambiance and portions = phenomenal value.  I highly recommend the house cheeseburger with "fondue" style cheese sauce, and side of fries. Perfect date nite with the BF.  We'll be back again soon.
4	I went here for lunch today with a friend who had a groupon.  We were seated immediately by very friendly staff.  Service was excellent.  Our waitress made sure to see if we had any questions with the menu, and made suggestions.  I had the Fish special - it was the first day they had crab cakes.  It was pretty good, not amazing, but we're in the middle of the dessert - I get that.  I really liked the french fries - very thinly cut and crispy.  My friend had the mac n' cheese.  It was an enormous serving.  It was quite tasty.  They had a low-cal drinks menu - I got the margarita which was quite tasty.  The waitress explained to me that they just cut out all of the heavy sugary syrups for these drinks, which was great for me because I don't like very sweet drinks.The kitchen is open for all to see, so I was able to see all of the other orders coming out.  Everything looked very good.  I would come back.
3	I went to Bliss/Rebar for brunch on Sunday and it wasnt very busy at all which was nice to get us in without having to wait.  It was my 3rd time eating at this place and while it is getting better I am not sure it is where it needs to be.  This place is super close to my house but I always over look it because I am just not impressed with the food and sometimes the service.This time we had a pretty chill waiter.  They had a daily special that I wanted to get without one of the ingredients and was told they couldnt do it, which was fine so I had to pick something else.  When we came to deliver our food, which seemed like it took a long time, he had asked the chef to make the special without the ingredient I didnt want which I thought was pretty cool.Another thing that they have to remember is that the kitchen area is open for the customers to see.  There were several times that I would glance over and see the chef "smell" ingredients which made to feel that things may not be super fresh at this establishment.  I dont know if I will go back to this place to food but their outside areas are nice and should be packed when the weather is nicer.
4	Cool place for eats and drinks. Small but has good atmosphere. Service and food options are great.Robert Pfeifer
5	Not done reBAR but have been to Bliss several time for lunch.  I am addicted to the shrimp taco's and every that has come with me has loved their meal be it a sandwich or the mac and cheese.  Service is great and I love the atmosphere.  In an odd location so I hope it survives.
4	We didn't know this was a Gay bar when we went. To be very honest with you, it was irrelevant after we started partying. What a great crowd!This is an alternative lifestyle bar that is very couples friendly. Will definately go back. The food I would say was average to slightly above average also.Very good drink specials also.
5	Just moved not too far away from here and decided to come in for brunch on Sunday. The place is cute as can be and I love that you can see what's going on in the kitchen. The service here was superb, very friendly and helpful, made my dining experience even better. Their brunch menu is very basic, but let me tell you, they are cooking this food right!! I had the monster egg sandwich with egg over medium, provolone, and the most delicious sausage served on a giant pretzel bun...mmmmm!!! They are making this sausage themselves folks, they aren't messing around. My husband had the " Before & After", this consisted of eggs, potatoes, and a grilled chicken breast...all was perfectly cooked and yummy. Also filled up on the $10 mimosa pitcher, really hit the spot.I will definitely be back here again and again.
4	parking is limited but street parking is plentiful.you can see your food prepared in their open kitchen.try any of their tacos!
4	I've been to Bliss/reBAR twice now and really enjoyed myself. The food is great (LOVE their parmesan fries), service is always spot on, and its super cute. Can't wait to sit outside once it cools down. The only bummer is that the two times I've been, they haven't been as busy as they deserve to be! Definitely a must the next time you are downtown.
4	A really interesting place to visit.  Sort of a new take on a pub menu. Nothing heavy but a nice mix of sandwiches, salads, appetizers.  Food was excellent, service was great.  Nice drink menu with a lot of interesting martinis.  Nice wine-by-the-glass.  Very moderately priced.  A great place to visit if you're in downtown Phoenix.  Very casual. We'd definitely go back.
4	Cool, trendy, hip, artsy little place in the art walk district. I like the food here although I wish they would tweak up their food just a bit to bring up a couple more notches. The bar area is awesome as is the outdoor bar. A place I like to got a few times a month.
3	After last night I realized it's time, yep, a long while in the making but I have to write the review. Having been here too many times now not to write this would be an insult.  What can I say about Bliss/reBAR that I'm sure you may have read a few seconds ago skimming over someone else's review? Hell I dunno. I figure I can only give you my take on this joint.I've been to this building throughout it's various incarnations, shape shifting from one resto/bar to another. It has always remained a rather more...tolerant, kind of establisment, of a colorful character so to speak. The design of the place is really cool, it is in all honesty the greatest outdoor bar in downtown Phoenix in my regard. The food is really delicious here as well- a friend of mine forced some of their mac n' cheese on me, and I loved it, despite being a hater of the dish in general. The unisex bathrooms are actually one of the more sensible things I've seen in a while. I think having ladies traipsing in occasionally makes us fellas a little more inclined to leaving the facilities tidy.  The only reason I'm inclined to give Bliss/reBAR a 3 rather than a 4,or even a 5 is that it can be a pricier place to wet the whitstle.I expect a 9 dollar drink to be a little stiffer than a wine cooler! if only the bar tenders had heavier pours...At any rate they serve a certain niche of the downtown community, and they remain a solid option for any night out; however you'll most likely catch me at their neighbor's place down the block ... *whispers* the lost leaf! ;^)
5	Came here late on Saturday to the bar side to have some food and drinks. The place was pretty packed on the outside patio despite the heat, and they had some good music playing.I had the most amazing burger here, no joke. A nice size burger patty on a pretzel bun  covered with their own cheese sauce that was oozing out of the sides of my burger and topped with 2 huge pieces of bacon..thats it!! WOW!! So much flavor.... I was in aahhh with every bite. I was sharing this with the husband and I didn't want to give up the other half. Fries were just my style, super skinny & crispy, topped with parmesan and garlic...mmmmm!! Also had the coconut chicken tenders with citrus honey ginger sauce, chicken was cooked wonderfully and that dipping sauce made it extra special.My husband had the bartender make a grape martini for me, it was perfect, and after 2 of them I was done. All I can say is YUM  !!
3	The Dreamy Creamy Orangesickle was recommended by the server, but it sounded a lot better than it was executed. Perhaps a different vodka? The vodka taste was overpowering, and really distracted from what I thought the drink flavor should have focused on, the dream! :) More specifically, the dream is to get a buzz without really noticing the alcohol :D The sonoran bliss dog was great, however, which was also recommended by the server...so kudos! Thanks for helping me decide between the sonoran and the BBQ. I probably will go back for the BBQ bliss dog, the apple coleslaw just sounded too interesting.
3	To be fair, this review was for April 28, but I was only recently able to finish polishing it up. The short: Solid contemporary American fare at a fair price, fast and efficient service, clean contemporary surroundings. The long: Bliss is located on the northeast corner of 4th St. and Garfield. Free street parking can get scarce, but they have a lot on 3rd St north of Roosevelt, and we found unmetered parking an easy trot away on Garfield, just west of 3rd St. We had reservations for Dining Out for Life, and I was relieved to see how efficiently everything ran on such a busy night. The patio at the connected reBAR was packed, and Bliss' patio was filling, but the tables were spaced so diners wouldn't be too crowded. We sat inside where it was dimly lit, clean, and again, not too tight a fit. The nondescript contemporary decorations faded into the background, but it wasn't boring, and it provided the sound buffer that I'm seeing lacking in more and more new restaurants--bare-walled, hard-surfaced, cement-floored, echoing new restaurants. With that in mind, extra kudos to Bliss for not pumping music so loudly into the tiny space--I was able to have a dinner conversation with my boyfriend without having to raise my voice or strain to hear him. If you like to see the cooks in action, the kitchen is open, and we were just about 8 feet from the window and the expediting chef so we could watch him run quality control over all the dishes coming out. We started with the $4 grilled pretzel bread, served with a trio of dipping sauces. It was thin slices of pretzel loaf toasted into pretzel chips just small enough to fit into the big condiment cups. Nothing too remarkable, but the dish was tasty and conducive to snacking--a perfect appetizer--and I was glad to be able to switch between the spicy, fatty, and sweet dips: grainy mustard, melted cheese, and some sweet, fruity, red jammy sauce. My boyfriend had the Blissburger with a side of coleslaw. More pretzel bread here, this time in bun form. The perfectly sized burger was perfectly cooked to medium-rare and was fine, and the greens on top were fresh. The red cabbage-based coleslaw was also good--fresh, crisp, not too sweet nor too vinegary. Really, everything was fine, but altogether, it wasn't a memorable dish. Then again, my most memorable burger in Phoenix is a griddled wineburger from a dive bar. I had the $15 double cut pork chop dinner sauced with what they call tomato ragout and served with potatoes au gratin and veggies--that night, it was a couple stalks of broccolini. The broccolini was tough--I prefer my broccolini a couple shades softer. I liked the pork chops, but the meat was a little dry on one end. I just wish it hadn't been the end I finished with since it started out so well. The ragout was nice, but it seemed like it needed to be cooked together longer so the flavors could meld together better. For dessert, we split the $6.50 cobbler of the day--apple. It's everything an apple cobbler with a crust instead of a crumble should be, although it didn't look like any apple cobbler I've seen, with a square of crust sitting on top. No complaints, though--every component was good, and the dessert came together well. I'd like to try this place on a regular night--I have a feeling the quality of the food can only improve, and everything else was great.
5	Awesome, fantastic service, wonderful food and amazing ambiance.  Always have a great time!
4	Nice location. Good outdoor dining. Moms Pot roast good and so are sausage ravioli. Interesting drinks an some local beers. I need to check out The Bliss Burger soon.
4	First off... very creative use of recycled ReBAR. Awesome to see businesses revamping downtown. Phoenix really needs some night life.But the real reason for me being a fan... MACARONI & CHEESE. I know, I know, but really, it was that freaking amazing. I had the Naked Mac and Cheese. Naked because it didn't have the bacon and chicken in it. Honestly I don't know if I even want to try the bacon and chicken because the Naked was so divine. I'm not kidding. If you ever make it down to Phoenix and need a cool hang out and late night munchies, hit this joint and order the Mac & Cheese. You'll thank me. If you don't like it then your next lunch is on me.I also got a little run down from the owner, nice guy, about the foods all being hand made and healthier ingredients. It's always a plus to have good people and a happy owner to greet you.The only negative, just because I was shocked when I experienced it, was the bathroom. It's got a combined male/female sink area when you first walk in. And I thought I was walking into the ladies room when I opened the door to see a woman washing her hands. ...uhhh... did I just... uhhh... Funny now, but scary when it happened.
5	Went last night (9-17-11) for my first time and can't stop thinking about how impressed I am with both the service and the food. A super cool concept, atmosphere and menu. Our waiter (Kevin, who is actually one of the 3 owners) was awesome and extremely personable. He suggested the redberry rapture for a drink and it was spectacular (and under 100 calories!) We got to talking about vodka and he spoke of a brand I had never heard before and within minutes, he brought both my hubby and I a sample of the vodka he was talking about. The gesture was great and so was the vodka! We started with the pretzel bread. delish...especially the tomato dipping jam! I had the buffalo chicken wrap and my hubby got a 1/2 of the loaded Mac and Cheese. The buffalo wrap was really good and the Mac and Cheese was hands down the best I have ever had! I am not a big meat fan so I would probably get it "naked" next time but holy cow was it good! A 1/2 order is fine for an average sized meal. All in all, amazing experience. I loved the concept of "owners at your service"....the three owners were the waiters from 7-9pm and all of their tips went to charity. Awesome. I will be back!
3	one year after my first dismal review, i'm happy to say that i like my neighbor quite a bit more now. i'm glad i did not give up on bliss/rebar. the mac & cheese is decadent! add bacon & it's pure debauchery at it's finest. i still love their burger & fries too as well as happy hour. and sunday brunch on the paito with mimosas...ooh la la! i'm glad i can recommend bliss in good conscience now.
3	I first visited for Get Your PHX and now visit once a month to attend the University of Arizona College of Medicine lectures.  I love the patio when the weather cools off.  It's clearly popular with its regulars, and it's nice to see a business succeed at this location.I do wish there were fewer fried appetizers and more items for people who don't eat fried food (out of the bar).  But then I'm a nutritionist for a living...a spectrum of choices may not be what the majority of people who keep this place in business are looking for.
4	We came here on last night for the first time. The service was absolutely fantastic. Haylee was absolutely adorable, super bubbly, and really friendly. She made sure we had everything we needed and did it with a smile. We started out with the nachos which were some of the best nachos I have ever had. They make their own chips and cheese sauce and both are delectable. Unfortunately, a bug decided to join our nacho party, which is the only reason I am giving this place four stars instead of five. Me and my friend both did the Tuesday night special, which comes with a glass of wine, a sandwich (burgers and wraps included) and a side salad for $10. After all the yummy nachos, we were pretty full and couldn't finish our meals. I got the bacon burger and it was really good. They used the same cheese sauce as the nachos so I was on cheese overhaul. We also ordered the brownie sundae and peach cobbler for dessert. The brownie was super yummy, but I was a little disappointed in the cobbler. I love where it is located. You barely notice it. It's tucked away on the corner and I almost felt like I was in the woods somewhere. I will be back to hang out with Haylee and eat those nachos again, as well as try some of their other daily specials.
5	service was good.  The server came and did his thing, the drinks were topped off all night, food was super tasty. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and loved it.  My buddy wouldn't even let me try his grilled chicken sandwich, partly because he is a fatass, partly because he said it was so delicious.  Great prices, great atmosphere.
3	Stopped by here on my way from the Food Truck Festival and surprise, surprise it was happy hour.Good food but the drinks left a little to be desired.  The patio was great for people watching and the weather was amazing per usual.The seemed to be one waitress working on a Saturday afternoon which I feel was a very big oversight on managements part but we made due.I would visit again if I am in the area.  Music selection was decent and the venue becomes a local hangout spot if you are there after 10pm. Very colorful crowd but a good time overall.
3	good atmosphere.  food is good, not great. (i still miss fate's delicious asian menu *sniff*)  happy hour drink specials are good and the indoor/outdoor seating is perfect to take advantage of our beautiful autumn weather.the outdoor bar still makes a fun stop during first friday festivities!
4	One of my most favorite spots to eat.  The white cheese blend for the mac and cheese is very tasty.  This is the same blend you can request on your burger.  My most favorite item is one which they no longer serve. It was the Philly Cheesesteak and they used this blend on it also.  I am not going to give away the cheese blend as you need to ask your waiter.  I only know that I now use a similar blend in my cooking.  The atmosphere is good especially if you get there at an inbetween time in order to enjoy the quieter times.  Great service too.  I go here quite often and have never been disappointed.
4	I haven't been to too many places downtown but stumbled upon this place and enjoyed myself. Seemed like a very hip crowd but was still a relaxed place to be at. I liked the dj a lot as well, good mix of top 40 and some hipster anthems. Love the design of the place too, definitely will check it out again!
3	While I normally don't frequent my 3-star places, Bliss/reBAR is still a go-to for me.  But there are just too many aspects to give it a solid rating.Atmosphere-5 stars.  Always enjoy grabbing a few drinks at the outdoor bar at night.  During the day it functions as an awesome restaurant.  Trees surround the patio, making it a great outdoor eating spot with almost a whimsical feel.Food-varies from 2 to 4 stars.  Pretzel buns are a must (if your food doesn't come on one, as them), and their nachos and mac-and-cheese have an awesome sauce.  It stops around there though, as salt and oil are clearly the favorite ingredients.  We got the two specials today-calamari tasted like nothing but salt, shrimp-and-grits were like a ship sinking in a sea of oil, and my eggplant/veggie sandwich was raining an oil monsoon.  Yuck!Drinks-3 stars.  Pretty decent bar staff and generally great service.  If it's not super busy you might even catch a conversation with a bartender.  They could use a better beer selection though, since I can't justify any more $5 Fat Tires downtown.I've never had an issue finding free street parking, check 4th St. or Garfield.
3	Been awhile, used to go quite often because my friends liked it. Food is not very good, bar side is fun though.
3	I am still on the fence about this place. Yes I know I have only been here twice but I am still not sure.... I must say that everyone is really nice, except of course if you are at the bar sitting next to someone who is trying to be the center of attention by being ridiculously loud. I mean really, is that necessary? This place is already small so do we really need to know what everyone is posting on your FB page or what person pissed you off? *Rolling eyes*  I almost left because of her being so obnoxious. Shout out to the bartender Andrew for making my fabulous black russian. All russian with a splash of black! That's what's up! I did go to support my girl Dottsy Z and her 1n10 singles event that was going on. She is one of the volunteers that will be hosting an Auction on January 28 and they had a mix and mingle for everyone tonight. After the mixing and the mingling we had dinner with a group of fabulous men and I had one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches ever. Great combo of sweet from the pears, salty from the crispy bacon and creamy from the cheese. I will go back just because of that! Oh and Wednesday nights, you get 20% off your entire bill (excluding specials and already discounted items) so double score.Will I be back, for that grilled cheese sandwich yes, just to come and have a drink, I am not so sure.
3	The service sometimes is like just ok... They seem to be all in the weeds... And the owner was just sitting at the bar, instead of helping out... was at a cocktail party for 1 in 10.    I want to love it, but they really need to hire some more servers... The bartender never sent over a menu, even though we had asked.
4	How have I not yet reviewed Bliss/reBar. I suck. But Bliss/reBAR doesn't. I have spent many a happy, drunken night here. Amazing patio, food is great, a drink specials. You get 20% off your bill every Wednesday night! Sometimes music is hit or miss. Friday night the DJ was fantastic, I would have stayed all night just to listen to the stuff he was playing. I'm a historic preservation advocate so I love the adaptive reuse of the houses the bar and restaurant are in.I crave the eggplant sandwich and the pretzel bread with those delightful dipping sauces. Bottom line, I'm a fan and this is a solid neighborhood bar and restaurant.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food8 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueThe bugs in the service that I experienced early on seem to have all been worked out and the service is now some of the best around.  They also now have buckets of ice for the mimosa champagne. *fist pump*They still don't describe some of their menu items quite well enough (which can be a serious issue for vegetarians and vegans).  But the menu has also been expanded to the point where frankly it's a little too long -- though I will forgive that because the brunch menu is just right and they added a delicious pretzel bread appetizer.  Skip the tomato jam; the cheese sauce is all you need (though the honey mustard is good too).They also really kick it up a notch with lots of different happy hours (depends on the day) and other specials.  I liked it before, but they've only improved since they opened.And the location is going to get a big upgrade next year when the planned 330 apartments across the street get built!(pssst: try the mac & cheese)
2	Poor bar service! The bartender had no idea about any drinks! I asked her to make me something good, to surprise me & she did by saying, " she doesn't drink! So she has no idea!!" this is not what I expect from a bartender who expects tips again! Well this one goes against this bar, not going again & they close early anyways
4	Bliss is really really really good. Perfect pork chop, fantastic mac n cheese, great service, great pricing, quiet and good service the couple of times I've been. I need to try a few more things before I bump this up to 5 stars, but it's essentially a 5 star in my mind.Was really pleased with this place.
4	My absolute new fav brunch spot! I live in north phoenix but Bliss is definitely worth the trip downtown! I only took off one star for the greeting we recieved when we got there. It was new years day and they were busy! My group understood we would have to wait but when the host told us we could not get a drink at the bar first, I became a little irritated. All i wanted was a nice margarita while I waited to be seated, but oh well. The bar is absolutely beautiful. It's almost all outdoors with a huge bar covered in trees and vines which gives it an almost ethereal look. Because it was a sunday, they had $10 bottles of champagne (we had mimosas) and 2 for 1 drinks (anything!). Along with that, they served brunch ALL DAY! Our server was Jim and he was fabulous! He was definitely busy but that never stopped him from making a quick stop by the table making sure we were doing ok. He recommended some great acai/blueberry shots and made great recommendations for what we should order. Jim was great.We started with the lettuce wraps with chicken and the bread with some kind of cheese sauce. Both were great and I was tempted to make the lettuce wraps my lunch! I ordered a cheeseburger which was massive and delicious but I could not finish it. My boyfriend got the meaty omlette, definitely meaty but could have used a bit more cheese. I will definitely be returning to Bliss but only if Jim is there!
4	We came here on a First Friday which worried me a little bit.  Trying to get good service at a location downtown on a First Friday is like trying to get an alligator to drop it's lunch in the middle of it's barrel roll.  (You like that simile?)  Well, we got great service.  Our server was so friendly and attentive and helpful.  It was a huge change from the first time I went to this restaurant when it was called something else.I had the Boston Tea Party cocktail: vodka, lemonade, and green tea I believe.  If that's wrong, that's what it tastes like.  It was great.  I love vodka.  For dinner, I had the loaded mac and cheese.  Judge me all you want, it was worth every gram of fat and carbohydrates.  It was filled with lots of chicken and lots of bacon and lots of cheese.  After this meal, I realized how amazing life is that my taste buds have the opportunity to indulge like this.
5	I have never had a bad time at Bliss/reBAR. There is always upbeat fun music playing and great specials for brunch. I have visited only 3 times which is not cool because I live fairly close. This is a place that I have definitely neglected. I have been for brunch and my favorite part was getting a little jar of jam for my toast. Also... awesome mimosa deals. I have also been with a big group and the staff seemed to handle it well. There was not a glitch in the service whatsoever. I also love the atmosphere in the bar. The decor is very cool and interesting to look at. I will definitely be planning an upcoming Friday happy hour at this location.
4	Good food, good drinks, decent prices.ALWAYS packed on Fri and Sat nights.
5	As a full time traveler, I eat at a lot of restaurants so it takes something truly special to earn a five-star rating in my book.  Bliss/reBAR did just that today.  The crowd spilling out on the sidewalk, on a Sunday afternoon, was our first clue the restaurant would be good.  A friendly staff greeted us at the door and seated us immediately.The menu looked like comfort food gone wild.  Everything was tempting so choosing was difficult.  Thanks to Jim, our exceptionally helpful waiter, we selected two of the house specialties and split them between us -- we were both hungry and still couldn't finish everything.  We had the Mac n Cheese, with Chicken and Bacon and also Mama's Pot Roast dinner.  The pot roast was exceptionally tender and served over a flavorful cauliflower mashed; this was accompanied by done-just-perfect asparagus.  The mac n cheese was out of this world.  Unlike most we've tried, the cheese in this dish was ultra light and creamy.  Adding a generous portion of chicken (and just enough bacon) made this dish a real delight.  Add in a fabulous mimosa deal on Sunday and this meal was perfect.Although we're only in the Valley for a few months, we'll be heading back to Bliss/reBAR often (and bringing our friends as well!).    We learned from Chef Eric they make their own cheese sause for the mac n cheese...perhaps he'll share that recipe with us on our next visit!
4	Love this place!!! The atmosphere is very laid back. Super friendly staff!! Pretty much anything on the menu is good, but I would recommend the Grilled Cheese or Mac and Cheese. You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place.  Buffalo chicken breast on a pretzel bun was amazing. Love the atmosphere too!
4	Went with my wife during first friday's, have not tried the food but the place was nice and had good martini's. Nice and strong.Not a place to mingle with girls though if your into that, need to be into something else for this place. Cool place, will be back for the food and give a review when I do.
4	Well, I guess it just took time to break this place in.  Came back in town after being gone for a year and reBAR has transformed itself into a popping Friday night spot.  The crowd makes such a difference because the space itself is so great.  Fairly nice bartenders too, one of which recommended a tequila shot with a pineapple chaser which changed my whole perspective on tequila shooters.  Good show!
4	Happy hour deals are very good and service was delightful. Fried sausage ravioli are a must try!
4	I had heard about this place quite often on Yelp, and since I had today off of work, I grabbed some friends and we went down to DTPHX for dinner. We arrived around 6pm and saw that the bar was happenin' with the happy hour crowd. I really like the layout of the bar/restaurant, and they had a DJ over on the bar side and I will likely come back in the future just for that. We made a left and headed over to the restaurant and were told to have a seat wherever we wanted. The deco is simple and sleek. I had perused the menu before hand so it was easy making a decision, though there are a lot of great sounding options. I got an order of the parmesan fries to share, and I had the Bliss Burger Loaded. The fries were tasty, but I think I have an aversion to shoestring fries, as I probably would have enjoyed them a little thicker. Plus I really wanted ketchup instead of the marinara they served with it. I didn't know that the Bliss Burger came on their famous pretzel bun, so was surprised when that came out. Not that I don't love pretzel buns, but because my last pretzel bun experience was a bad one (Daily Dose), but not only was this sandwich huge, the pretzel bun was fantastic. My friends got the chicken bbq burger and turkey burger, and they were both impressed as well. We all agreed that we would definitely come back again.
3	Tried this place for happy hour last Wednesday.  Happy hour ends at 6:30p but on Wednesdays you get 20% off your total bill =)  I like that it wasn't crowded so we got lots of attention from the bartender.  The drinks were awesome.  I ordered my fav martini (not on the menu) and Tara (I think that was her name) made it perfectly.  While I'll definitely come here to drink again, I'll eat before I come.  I had the wings and they reminded me of some Tyson wings you could buy from frozen food section of your local grocery store and cook at home.  The chipotle ranch sauce served with the wings was awesome though...and I drank enough that it really didn't matter that the wings weren't that great. Good happy hour spot!
4	We came here last weekend for Happy Hour with some friends we were visiting, and I knew I could count on my supper club girl to recommend something delicious!Pros:Happy hour drinks are plentiful to choose from and pretty good. 3 martinis for $9? Awesome! The appetizer menu was extensive and had a full array of things on it. We tried: the Asian ribs (special of the day and tasted like the average well made Korean beef rib- but the slaw was amazing), macaroni and cheese (yum! as good as my own), pretzel bread with dipping sauces (the tomato sauce was kinda weird, but the cheese was good), and chocolate chip cookies (good but a wee overdone- plus the bartender was nice enough to bring my friend milk that was not on the menu)Atmosphere was great!Cons:The server wasn't the most knowledgeable, I had to question the happy hour selection he gave us because the signs in the bathrooms said something different. He was nice about it, but still.Parking is annoying. No lot to park in and only street parking, which in this area, seems to be few and far between.
5	Wonderful bar with a great atmosphere. The food and service was quite exceptional! I had the shrimp served with sweet potatoes, the yummiest. My friends both has the beef rib specials, again wonderful. For sure I will be back!
3	Amazing outdoor seating area perfect for soaking up some vitamin D.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to grab a bite or a cocktail. Awesome bartenders, super friendly wait staff, fantastic location! Way to go guys.
4	Visited Bliss/reBAR for the 1st time tonight via Buzzcation. Excellent place. Very nice atmosphere. The bar is next to the restaurant. Food was nice, if just a little pricey. Tried the loaded mac-n-cheese...it had chicken and bacon in it. Can't go wrong with bacon. Also tried the pretzel bread...it came with three different sauces. All were good, but the cheese one was excellent. All in all, nice place to go and hang out with friends....and the company just made it even better.
4	Went to #buzzcation @blissrebar. Enjoyed the evening immensely.Sat down for some grub, had the pretzel bread, and the loaded mac-and-cheese.The pretzel bread came with a honey-mustard sauce that was amazing, a cheese sauce that was fantastic, and a tomato jam that I didn't try because I don't like ketchup.I have always loved the space they occupy, and think they have one of the best patios in town.Always have a good time there, and will definitely be back.
5	Love this place.  Always great service. Food is fresh and delicious.
5	Went here for the first time for dinner tonight with my family and my best friend's family who were visiting from Pittsburgh. Was looking for a place to hopefully impress them. Turned out to be a great choice! Loved the menu selection, every single item was just slightly different. The menu was small, but not too small. Enough choices without it being terribly difficult to choose. Started off with a ton of appetizers. The pretzel bread, sweet potato chips, shoestring vinegar fries and 2 different types of wings. Every single appetizers was delicious. I think my favorite was the sweet potato chips. Nice and crispy. Each item was paired perfectly with a special dip. By the time our food came around we were already getting full! I had the shrimp soft tacos - amazing! The shrimp was crispy and perfect. I only could get one down, but it will serve as my lunch tomorrow. Tried the loaded mac and cheese too - rich and savory. I could eat that shit right now! Service was quick and friendly, no problems at all.Would love to go back and try some of the other dishes on the menu. They serve brunch as well which also looked fabulous of course. Great spot and awesome location to sit outside on a sunny day.
1	We had such high hopes! First, there's a lot going for Bliss/Rebar. The atmosphere is cool, the menu is interesting, and our waiter Drew was great. So why the low rating? Well, the food didn't meet up to expectations. We had the pretzel bread (boring), their homemade chips and dip (the chips were totally burnt and no one at our table touched them) but the nachos were delicious. I had their eggplant sandwich and one other girl at our table tried mine as well. We both got food poisoning. I was actively sick for about 36 hours. I called the restaurant just to let them know so they could check their ingredients, and the girl on the phone was very nice but told me she'd have to have the manager or chef call me back. She took my number... and I never heard a thing. I sure hope they didn't serve any more of those to anyone else!
3	I wish I left in Bliss, as I had high hopes about this place regarding their food. Me and my Gps had an issue finding this place, but once there, the atmosphere was already pre-clubish on a Friday night. People looked like they were having a good time on the patio and bar area. I asked to be seated in the cafe area, which was a bit quieter. Server was nice, I think he was the assistant manager. Service was friendly honest about his recommendations and prompted.The food started well, with the prezel bread did not disappoint. Yes, the cheese sauce made the dish. I did'nt care for the tomato jam, a little sweet for the bread if you ask me, but not the worst. The waiter told me that with the dip trio, people hate or love the tomato jam. I am glad he was honest, but I would recommend offering guests the choice of the three or having two or three of the same dip. I would have order three of the cheese myself. Next, I tried this loaded mac and cheese, which I was ok, but not the best thing I've tasted. I felt you could only taste one cheese in the dish, the bacon and chicken combo was a little bland to me. I think I had a cobber, but since I dont remember, I will not review it. But  I do remember the pretzel bread was on point and I should have ordered more.Costs were good and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but the food was overall just okay.
5	Ok, ok I bite my tongue. I have been here way more times than my check ins say and it has been great every time. I know I was not to sure at first but they have been good to me. The food, the service, the drinks ( Thank you Haley for the newly crowned Ebony drink lol) Seriously, great people, great drinks, great food, and great company. What more can you ask for?
4	reBAR is a great hang out to have a few drinks and enjoy the beautiful patio. The sweet potato chips are a fabulous little snack and the service is always outstanding.
4	Went here to celebrate my birthday with some of my hot babe friends, which happened to be cinco de mayo.  Rachel was our bartender/server.  She is very friendly and helpful.  We asked for her recommendations as to what was popular and good.  There was seven of us so we had an opportunity to try quite a few items on the menu.   We ordered the fried sausage ravioli, the coconut chicken tenders, the chicken lettuce wraps, tempura vegetable medley, and the chef's sliders, all from the appetizer menu.  We also tried the mac 'n cheese with bacon and the pork chop dinner.  She makes a great French martini.  I must admit I didn't like the margarita.  I guess it's cause I don't like it with ice, and I like more salt on the rim, but probably my fault since I didn't tell her I didn't want it on ice.  Everything was fabulous, but if you're going to order anything, absolutely a must is the mac 'n cheese with the bacon.  The bacon really adds to it.  And the pork dinner had the right amount of "gravy."  I don't know if I could even call it gravy, but we were practically licking the plates of the mac 'n cheese and the pork.  I really liked the ravioli and the sliders.  Since I'm not all that big on fried food, all I can say is that they were good for fried food, but it wouldn't be something I, personally, would order.  But that's me.  Just like I wouldn't order lamb, but we won't go there.  I'd absolutely return.  reBAR is across the patio, and is the bar.  We dropped in there to see what it looked like.
4	This place is pretty much one of my go-to brunch spots and why I can justify 4 stars. You can't beat their mimosa specials, and they've got a great brunch menu.Many items on their menu are great, but I'm often not blown away by it and I'm often left staring at the menu hoping something will spark my interest a bit more than, "meh, that looks okay." I used to love their macaroni, but the last time I had it, it was soupy. I thought I remembered it being creamy and wonderful...I know when they opened up they were not trying to be another gay bar, but ultimately this is what reBAR is. It would be awesome to have eye candy of the hetero persuasion, but I guess the cute gay boys will have to do. Maybe down the road the crowd will even out, but I doubt it. All in all, it's great for weekend brunch, good for some specials during weekdays, and okay when it comes to consistency of their drinks and food.
5	Had Breakfast and a pitcher of mimosa - it was incredible. Great patio and atmosphere.
4	Was here for a work meeting and would like to go back. reBAR atmosphere was very cool, rebar twisted decor and brickk wall made for neato vibe.
3	So if your looking for a nice quiet spot to have a drink or two or three on the outskirts of downtown, this is an okay place. On 1st Friday's there is an eclectic crowd. The only thing I have ordered from the food menu is wings. They were great, but just a little to hot for me.
4	I really enjoyed rebar! Even though I was the dd I had a great time. They have a awesome late night menu to help soak up all the alcohol. I couldn't believe they were only charging 3 dollars for shots( I should have been drinking for that price)! The decor was awesome feel to it! I will for sure go back so I can drink!
5	This place is absolutely amazing. The set up is classy and comfortable and it's the kind of place you would go to for any occasion. The food is great and the drinks are well made and very reasonably priced. The bartenders are top notch and are super friendly no matter how busy it is. The owners Kevin and Jackson are great guys and they go out of their way to make you feel at home. I'm so glad that I found this place and I make a point to drop in every time I go to Phoenix.
5	If you want tasty food, perfect indoor or outdoor atmosphere, or a place to socialize this is the place.  Bliss=Restaurant sidereBar=Bar sideThe chef that created this menu clearly went to culinary school.  My favorite is the Bliss Burger with cheese sauce.  I also love the fries with aioli sauce.  If you want a nice calm atmosphere, going here during the week is perfect.  Understand the side next to it is a bar that is happening on Friday and Saturday nights.  I recommend checking the specials of the day as there is something interesting (off menu) that is cooked that you just don't get other places. The food is always up to snuff and leaving you feeling satisfied.  The service is good.  The bar next door is a great place to socialize as well.  Know that it is a gay/gay-friendly bar, though MANY straight couples also hang out there... typical downtown feel to it.Sunday is a great place to go as well for brunch with a good mimosa special.  If you are downtown and want a place with good prices, but amazing food... go here!
3	Interesting crowd, good decor and Law and Order on the overhead TV on a Friday night?
4	I went here last night and thoroughly enjoyed it! This bar is busy, but not crowded like the bars in Scottsdale. I had room to breathe. They were playing upbeat music, but it wasn't so loud that you couldn't have a conversation. The art in this place is interesting and the misters on the patio make it very pleasant (even when it's really hot outside). I definitely want to come try the food here, especially because they have some awesome deals during the week (5$ patty melts on Mondays...count me in!). I will be back.
5	Great food very creative and they serve Blue Label Scotch!!!
4	Great downtown spot, day or night. I enjoyed it as a bar several times before I ever had a chance to sample the menu. Three words...Mac N Cheese. Delicious! probably the best mac n cheese I've ever had. True, the food does seem to take a bit longer than average but in my experience it's been worth the wait. Keep up the good work!
2	This spot is pretty good, but I was not blown away. My eggplant sandwich was OK. My hubby had the shrimp BLT sandwich and said it was pretty good. The friends I went  with had the burger and it was one of the best he's ever had in his life. Atmosphere was so-so....although it has a great patio area, the view is a construction site across the street, so made it not so great.
4	I love going here, it's fun spot! The Ciroc Redberry Rapture is amazing (low-cal too!) and so is the grilled pretzel bread! I highly recommend checking it out!
5	Love the place. The Grill Cheese Sandwich is made by God's own hands.
3	I've only been here a couple times at night when it was slow. The other times I've thought about going, the place looked like a zoo... not my thing. Anyhow, the bartenders seem to know what they are doing, and I have had some good drinks. The patio is nice and I think it's a good place to enjoy some evening ambiance when it's not sweltering outside.
3	The inside is cute albeit small.  I asked our waitress to turn the music down and she happily obliged.  Our table ordered the pretzel bread (thanks to Yelpers!) and it was delish.  A few pieces were burned unfortunately.  :(  I had the spicy ceasar salad and I have to say, adding sriacha to ceasar dressing is a fantastic idea.  Chicken was tasty although a bit overcooked.  My companions enjoyed their meals as well.  The hot fudge sundae was a treat but my husband felt there was too much chocolate compared to the ice cream (I heartily disagree).  All in all, a great little place.  It was fairly empty on a Wednesday night but other reviews say it's packed on the weekends so that's good.  Support local businesses!
5	The food was amazing.  Great open atmosphere. Good prices and wonderful waitress.  We went here before a Diamondbacks baseball game.  Great find by my friend Marcy.  We will be back!
5	The Roosevelt was closed in June during First Friday so we looked on Yelp for another bar we could go to close by and found Bliss ReBar. Too bad I forgot my ID in another purse so we couldn't go. Fast forward two months later, tried to go to The Roosevelt, still closed (anyone know what's going on there?). We remembered this place from last time and went here. There were 5 of us and we were promptly seated inside. We were looking to get a few drinks but most of us hadn't eaten yet so this was going to serve as dinner too. Our server was very personable and accommodating. I split the grilled cheese with my boyfriend and it was delicious! The pear was a great touch (we got it w/o the bacon) and very different from any other grilled cheese I have had. We also got the September special bruschetta which came on their pretzel bread (amazing). There were 3 kinds: an olive based one, a mozzarella with pesto sauce (I think they forgot the tomato on it since our friend ordered it and got a slice), and a cucumber-chipotle based one. I had the first 2 and really liked them. Everyone else's food looked delicious and they were all happy with their orders. The price wasn't bad either for food and a few beers. I would definitely come back here again. The other side was pretty poppin' by the time we left around 9pm and looked more like a bar scene. Maybe we'll have to try that side out next time we're in the area.
5	I love this place! The food is good, atmosphere is awesome and service is friendly. The very large outdoor patio make this the perfect downtown hangout for happy hour or dinner. Try one of the sandwiches that have the pretzel buns: NOM NOM!
5	Went here for lunch with a colleague when visiting town for work. It was within walking distance for us. The place was nearly empty (it seems as though all of the surrounding construction might be impacting their business). We sat inside and were greeted promptly - the service was great throughout the meal. I had the Bliss Burger with their house cheese (the pretzel bun was perfect...not too hard...not too soft)  - definitely try the parmesan fries. My colleague had the turkey burger and commented to the server that it is one of the best that he has had. He also mentioned that others have told him that the Mac and Cheese is really good. We lingered for some time talking and we were never pressured to leave. Overall, it was a good experience - good food, good service, good environment. Will definitely return when I am in the area again.
4	Went there last night, and the atmosphere for the restaurant was great! Perfect outside seating, with candles. The pretzel bread with cheese was awesome..  The Mac and cheese with bacon was out of this world! Definitely eating there again!
3	Went there for a quick lunch after a work appt. downtown.  Decided to try it for the first time.  The server came over fairly quickly, they offered a fun menu an interesting daily special and a clean soothing interior.  I ordered the chef salad (had turkey and bacon bits as toppings). The size of the salad was on the medium side, slightly larger than a side salad...I felt like it was missing a bread stick or something.  I skipped on the $2 avocado option because the salad price was already $9 and some change...I quickly looked up the place on yelp and asked the server about the Yelp Oct. special and he said he didn't know anything about it.  Aside from my poor selection of that specific salad for lunch this is a cool downtown spot with easy parking, I have seen crowds here on the weekends and at first Fridays so I will be back to try something different...but they could have gone a whole other level with the salad toppings (chopped or carved turkey vs. cold sliced turkey and the bacon didn't seem like it was apple wood smoked or thick cut or anything special....just bacon like you get at any old place like Denny's.  Maybe I'm getting old haha, I just don't expect to spend over $12 on a quick lunch (tax + tip), I love a good lunch time special that gives me a meal (bonus points if it's on the healthy side) with a drink for under $10 tax and tip included...I know you're thinking good luck but aside from Fast Food places there are several out there.
3	Met a few friends here for happy hour.  They had $5 martinis, but that's not what I ended up getting.  They have a drink special everyday.  That day they had the Walter Crankite, I think!  It was like an appletini with cranberry juice.  We didn't order anything else.  The service was great.  Our servere was very attentive.
4	I liked this place.  It has been in my bookmarks forever.  Our bartender, I think her name was Rachel, was really nice.  My hubby had "the best Margarita".  I think it is because it was so strong.  I saw how much buzz she poured and I told him we need a DD.  She made me a couple of martinis based on ingredients I told her I liked.  They were both great.  We also had the white bean hummus with the pretzel bread and veggies.  It was really good.  I can't wait to come back and try other things.
5	Love, love, love this place!I love how the place is set up inside (although cozy comes to mind).  One side is a restaurant, the other side in another building is the loud bar but if the weather's great, you can sit outside in comfortable, sturdy seats. The food's good, I'm partial to the tacos and ribs, and the apps are plenteous. Come to Rebar to socialize, to relax and to have fun.
4	We went here after the Rainbow Festival and it was such a great place! The food was great, the service was awesome and the patio is a great place to enjoy your meal! Bliss has made it to my list of places to eat downtown!
5	Great food very creative and they serve Blue Label Scotch!!!
1	WOW. Went there for the first time Friday. Thought it was good until today when my friend sees they added 20$ onto his tab. Tipped the tender each time a drink was purchased. He has all the receipts and it was way less than what they charged him. So if you enjoy being robbed, this is the place for you! NEVER returning.
4	Awesome unique location. Drink special was strong and worth the price and food was good. I had the sriracha ceasar salad and hubby had the honey mustard chicken sandwich. His was nice as was mine but the dressing was a little on the fishy side and not overly sriracha-ey(?) as I would have preferred. Cool change from typical chains.
4	Nice outdoor patio but it was cold when we went so we opted for a nice cozy seat inside. Nice menu and healthy selections ..+ and + !Hummus, ;lettuce wraps, shrimp, veggies, cheese... we ordered so much food between two ppl even the waiter asked when the last time we ate was...lol we had the munchies what can i say :)Quick service and the bill didn't hurt too much either.... check it out for apps and drinks!!
3	I said I wont come here again, but I am back. Not because I wanted to, but friends wanted to go there for the food. apparently they have good food. I got the grilled eggplant sandwich which had goat cream cheese, tomato jam and seasonal greens on their famous pretzel bun. Ah the pretzel bun is outta this world. (Check the pic) The 3 stars are for the bun, the grilled eggplant sandwich was meh, the sandwich was bland and moist. I believe they can make it better, but hey the pretzel bun is all you need to go there, or NOT. I asked the waiter for a Hot toddy, he said he doesnt have it, I asked for a moscow mule, he said he doesnt have it either and no gingery stuff, but he said he will make me something 'similar' with whiskey rye and he got it out and there was practically less than a quarter in whiskey glass and charged me $8 for it and it tasted nothing like anything he said, just saying! guess I am coming back for the pretzel bun.
4	Stopped by here after seeing one of the afternoon movies at the Phoenix Art Museum when I saw that Angel Trumpet House was way packed and glad I did. My father and I had the Bliss Nachos, which are made with flash fried flour instead of corn tortillas, and they not only put pickled jalapenos on them but sliced purple cabbage. It may seem odd but works and then they use a white cheese sauce and the crumbly white Mexican cheese. I think they were like $7.50 and for $2 more I got pulled white meat chickenon them, quite good. I tend to like corn tortillas but this was sort of a white chip with white cheese sauce and white cheese, and then white chicken.....sort of an artistic statement i guess, like interior decorating from the 80s, but it came together nicely.I also ordered an Old Fashion. The bartender told me he used Maker's Mark and asked me if that was okay. I said sure and assumed I would be paying a premium but from 2 pm to 5 pm on Sundays it seems it is happy hour and it was $4, which is an amazing price! My only gripe would be that the bartender shook it with ice and generally it is the sort of drink that is best made without ice and then poured into a glass with one large ice cube, like they do over at the bar at the Blue Hound. I don't know how much that sort of ice machine costs but it makes a difference, so something for this establishment to consider. Bottom line though, I will be coming back and the servers were friendly as well. I expect they will be quite busy later this year with the opening of the Roosevelt Point student apartments opening up literally, right across the street. :-)
5	We love Bliss!  Please eat here so it stays open forever!!!Maybe it's the fact that downtown Phoenix is a ghost town after 5 p.m. (unless there's a sporting event or concert) but every time we go to Bliss, which is often, there's maybe one other table seated. And we can't figure out why!  The food is wonderful.  The service is better than most places we've been to.  The specials are great (20% off Wednesdays, $3 house wine during happy hour).  The art is local. What gives? My husband and I have been coming here for the past year.  I love their macaroni and cheese.  I order it most times we eat here. They use a combo of cheeses and I think one of them is spicy Jack because there is this heat to the cheese sauce that makes it addictive.  My husband and I fight over it. My husband usually orders either the Buffalo chicken wrap or the barbecue chicken wrap.  He did try the Tempura Shrimp BLTA last time and it looked amazing. He was very happy. (The A stands for Avocado.)I don't have to ask for a refill of my water here which earns Bliss 5 stars.
4	Good place with a nice atmosphere. Food is good, and they offer yelp coupons.
4	Great place to enjoy a nice meal and drinks. We went on Valentines day and it was not too crowded ( it was already late around 830 pm). They have inside and outside seating. Food is good, nothing to water for but worth the money. I had the salmon and it was good. We also tried the hummus trio for starter and it was very tasty. Overall a good pick downtown.
4	Mmmm! The mac and cheese was very very tasty! Made with monterey jack cheese, it had a bit of a tangy bite! The coconut breaded chicken strips were awesome and so was the sweet/tangy dipping sauce. The bar is well stocked and the bartenders were friendly. Oh yeah... they have OAK CREEK HEFEWEIZEN on tap here! One of the best beers ever. The patio looks very inviting and lively in the evening. It's kind of hard to get to this place due to some local construction and street re-routing, but it's not too bad (they have some signage up for way-finding). I'd love to go back to this place during dinner rather than happy hour and have another nice night out.
5	I don't know where to start on the food experience here.  Fried macaroni & cheese balls, shrimp and grits.  It was BLISS!  And what a kitchy place.  The artwork and Rebar hangings were extraordinary.  Our server, Michelle (two L's like me) was so patient and helpful.  She was one busy lady but kept checking back with our table.  I agree with Rebecca R...please go there and help keep this place open 4ever!  I can't wait to go back again.
5	I have been going to Bliss ReBar before it was Bliss. It was Fate then! I was elated when a friend and co-worker invited me to his soft opening. I have been going and in love with Bliss since. I've always loved the outside bar. Last week my friends had their dinner club party there. Awesomeness that I was invited. As I was just there to celebrate my company's agreement passing hosted by Bliss! I took my then new-ish boyfriend to 'haze' him, if you will to my flight attendant world. He fit right in and loved Bliss too. I particularly love Bliss nachos. Scott loves Bliss Mac&Cheese Balls. We may have ordered two orders that party night. Too many strong Ketel drinks make it all hazy! Last week at dinner club I had the street tacos. Amazing. A few of us shared the hummus plate and again, the nachos with chicken. Several drinks. I actually had the waiter bring me seltzer to soften the strong of my vodka drink! Where does that ever happen! My boyfriend had the mac&cheese entree this time. Holy heaven. I even tasted it. Yum. The only thing we disliked. The panna cotta. On the menu it stated it was with marcerated berries. It came with kiwi fruit and it was too hard to be called 'panna cotta'. Which is an italian cream that is cooked just until it becomes a bit thick and congealed just a little less than the consistency of a custard. This was beyond jello as we have in the US. So the waiter took it away and off our bill with no question. He was gracious and nothing but sweet.  I would not ever rate Bliss less than a 5 because so many things about Bliss are above par. All of our friends desserts and meals were raved about. It's a super trendy, fun and hip place. Great people watching! Awesome Sunday brunch too!!!
1	I was first introduced to Bliss/Rebar in the winter of 2011 on a First Friday night. I instantly fell in love with the atmosphere and cool vibe, the bar patrons are an array of different mixes, cultures and backgrounds, I loved this place. Well imagine my surprise when the next day my friend takes me to weekend brunch. $10 bottles of mimosas? Yes please! I came to Bliss for brunch for the entire first half of 2012, I loved this place. The service was excellent, the wait staff was incredibly attentive and helpful, and the food and drink specials were like no others. Many a times my friends tried to persuade me to go to FEZ or Switchbar, but no I was faithful to Bliss. This all changed until one day I wanted to impress my lovely LA based friend. That's when the universe decided to teach me a lesson in humility. We arrive at Bliss on a Sunday morning; I went to the host/hostess table, empty. Not a big deal, really not a big deal. Someone who appeared to be a patron stood up from his table to inform me the host would be there shortly. I thanked him and waited. The host arrived, took my name and let me know there was a 20 minute wait. Perfect, we made our way to the bar. The bar atmosphere was great, they had tv's playing the college basketball games, the music was loud enough but not too loud. The service from our bartender was excellent. We see people at the bar ordering food and receiving their food very quickly, we were amazed how fast the food was coming out. We were then informed our table was ready, and to be honest we were a little bummed to be leaving the bar area, especially since we could have ordered our food there. Regardless, we took our table and waited for our server to come. And waited. And waited. And waited. After about a 20 minute wait, I know what you are thinking and I would love to tell you that yes I am exaggerating the time but I am not; I went to ask the host when our server would be with us, he then asked me who our server was, "uh I'm not sure, they haven't come around" was my honest reply, unfazed the host told me he would get someone right away. I would love to say they were extremely busy; I would love to say perhaps they didn't see us; I would love to say we were a drunken mess; I would love to say we were dressed in rags. But no, they were no busier than other brunch places midday, there were about 4 servers on the floor and we were right in the middle of the restaurant, right in the middle, we were not drunk and I'd like to think we were dressed nicely. About 5 minutes later, someone does come around, not a server, but another host. Whatever, he's nice enough and takes our order. So we sit and wait for our food. And waited. And waited. And waited, an additional 30 minutes. Did I mention the two hot guys behind us got their meal before us? Oh yeah, well they did. At that moment I wished I was a hot guy, but no I was just a mildly attractive late 20's female who was starving. We finally get our food. The nice host who took our order comes around and asks if we are doing ok, and I hate to be that table. But we were that table. We asked to see the manager. The manager was very apologetic, and he did take our meal off the bill. Unfortunately this is not what I had set out to get accomplished that morning. I had wanted to show my friend a good time in my city, at the places I patronize, eventually I did when we went to good ol' Charlie's, but that's not the point. Not only was our service terrible and lackadaisical, I asked to switch my bacon for turkey sausage and was given bacon, when the manager came out he informed us it was because they do not have sausage at the restaurant, our server/host did not inform us about that. I do not blame him as he was simply covering for someone else, but this is a perfect example of what may happen when you have a host do the wait staff's job. I don't know what happened at Bliss this time and why the service was horrible, perhaps it was a fluke, but to be honest I have never been treated with such disregard I will not be going back to see if indeed it was a fluke. If the restaurant and servers were busy it would have been only courteous for someone to have told us so, rather than have us wait without an explanation, or an offer of water. I'm glad to see other people have had better experiences; I was once a part of the majority as well. I really hope this is not a sign of things to come at Bliss.
5	GET THE NACHOS. They will change your life. I'm telling you. Trust me.I have been with the bf a couple of times to start our Roosevelt Row area bar hopping evenings of fun. The inside is small but cozy and there is a nice spacious patio area. They have good beer on tap, like most Roosevelt Row bars. Definitely would like to go back to try the cocktails- they look pretty fun. But all you really need to get is the nachos with braised beef. Homemade chips- and you can tell. Somehow the cheese sauce is amazing- I suspect it is made fresh. Top it off with some cabbage and tomatoes. So simple, yet so glorious. Me and the bf both love them so much we have seriously considered getting two orders of the nachos. Or coming back at the end of one of our nights- though after a drink or 5 we have yet to do that. Someday perhaps I'll try something else on the menu besides beer and nachos (the better quality version of the ballpark classic). someday....
2	Let me first just caveat this review by saying I'm from Los Angeles so you're welcome to dismiss it as the ravings of an out-of-towner.I stumbled onto Bliss ReBar on a hot day when I was sweaty and looking for somewhere to kill time after wandering Roosevelt Row. Bliss ReBar emerged like an oasis of fun on an otherwise dead street. My first thought was, this is The Abbey of Phoenix! The Abbey is the main gay bar in West Hollywood, but every city has one. A place to load up on drinks and people watch while munching on mediocre food. At these types of establishments it's an accepted fact that the food will be bad because well-groomed gay guys are on diets anyway and the last thing they need is a good meal.Well, Bliss ReBar fits this profile perfectly and does the job wonderfully. But what I don't understand is where all these reviews for the "good food" are coming from? The quinoa and lentil salad I had tasted as if it came straight from the supermarket package. There was nothing creative or fresh about it. The "staff creation" drink that I ordered tasted like a weak vodka cranberry, to the point where I wondered if I had been given the wrong concoction.The staff was efficient and skilled, just personable enough to make you never feel forgotten about. But I just wish people would stop describing the food here as good.
1	We dropped in last night for a snack before the Sigur Ros concert (Amazing!) and came away totally unimpressed. The waiter was extremely nice and very attentive but the food was very blah!I had the Pesto Pasta with shrimp and it was OK but not enough flavour  at all. Annie and Di shared the Lettuce wraps which were very "wet", and then they shared the Veggie sandwich which was also nothing to write home about. On top of it all Di was sick in the night but that is likely due to her having a Margarita. Won't be back there.
4	This is a nice spot with good food. Swanky and comfortable patio area. Varied menu and the prices aren't bad.
1	In my 20 years of bar going, I have NEVER been  gouged before...... before tonight.  I'm not going to drone on and on.  Plain and simple. I had 4 beers and was charged for 6.  When it was brought up, they very gladly removed 2...  but, this was also on Monday (supposedly $5 Smirnoff martini night).   I ordered 2 Lemon Drop martinis at different times, and was charged $12 for Ketel 1 Martinis??  Ummm, either A) tell me you're going to pour Ketel, or honor your Monday night special.  Very disappointed.  I  guess be specific or get taken advantage of... shame on me for trusting.http://blissonfourth.com/specials/
5	Went here for brunch a couple of years ago and it was pretty good, but nothing amazing.  We live just around the corner so I stopped in recently to grab a burger togo and it was AMAZING!  One of the best burgers in Phoenix!  It comes on a tasty pretzel bun and you can add this delish homemade cheese sauce that makes it!  I have been back a couple of times since then to get a burger togo and we also dined on their patio one night which was also delightful.If you live downtown hit this place up often and if you don't it's worth the drive!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Phx.  The mac-n-cheese is amazing.  The service can sometimes be off.  But the food has always been good, and I love the patio.
4	My first experience with Bliss/Rebar was during a Phoenix Pub Crawl.  After already having visited several other pubs and bar it was refreshing to find a place where the large group could all sit together and hang out instead of being scattered.  It was quick and easy to get drinks and the patio seating was a welcomed environment. Since that time I have returned numerous times to visit both the bar half on a first friday or to hang out with friends and also to chevk out their restsurant half. Living down the street Bliss/Rebar has become one of my favorite local places to visit. My friends and I love to come here for Sunday morning brunch. There socials on mimosas and bloody Mary's are exceptional. We usually take advantage of the $10 mimosa during brunch.  When there are four of us it is enough for everyone to have two glasses worth.   Their brunch menu is quite amazing, breakfast nachos, pancakes, breakfast sandwhich(on a pretzel bun-a little taste of heaven there), and so much more.  I haven't tried one item on it that I have not enjoyed.I have also been here for dinner many times.  The Mac and cheese is amazing! Love the spicy chorizo version, although I like to add bacon to it.  The meatloaf sand which is delicious, love that the meatloaf is wrapped in bacon. Their salads are served with giant romaine lettuce leaves so you can turn your salad into a lettuce wrap if you like.  I haven't tried it yet but I'm looking forward to the quinoa and lentil salad. I would recommend trying any sand which on a pretzel bun.  It culinary wonderment how the pretzel bun can compliment any sand which or burger into melt in your mouth magic. The fries are shoe string size and can be flavored in a few ways. My favorite is still the salt and pepper but the garlic Parmesan is a close second.  The draw back to having fries is that it is an extra charge $2, since the offered side is a small salad. While this is healthier for you, if I'm going to eat a burger or sand which I don't want a healthy salad as a side. The drinks here warrant a mixed review.  While Bliss/Rebar offers a daily, including weekends, happy hour from 3-6:30, the caliber of the drinks is nothing exceptional. I have tried just about all of the specialty cocktails there isn't one that stands out to me as exceptional.  The drinks themselves do feel a bit watered down and lack that punch you expect to have. The group therapy is a fun drink to have with a couple of friends.  It is served in a extra large champaign style glass/bowl and multiple straws. While sharing this drink was fun the nearly $20 price tag is a bit steep when 75% of the glass is ice. :( The daily drink specials are fun but I usually have to point out on my phone what they are to the waitstaff.
4	Tasty dinner with the hubby. Definitely want to come back to experience the patio.
4	Holy Mac and Cheese! I went with a long lost best friend after reading many reviews. As I walked up to the restaurant the music and patio looked so fun and out of place but it really is a little slice of heaven in downtown! We went for dinner before an event and I can't wait to go back when we've got 2 things...a d.d. and time. On a recommendation of the server we went for meaty mac and cheese and shrimp pesto penne. The meaty mac and cheese was so smooth and creamy and the ratio of meat to pasta was perfectly matched. The pesto was also tasty; they seemed to complement each other in a strange way. The iced tea was very good and the server was attentive, our glasses weren't empty for long.We can't wait to go back and sample more the the menu.
4	In recent trips (probably five or so) the food and service have been far above and beyond the expections my first visit had led me to have. It's a fun laid back restaurant and bar with good food and drinks, friendly service and great ambience. Its reasons like this that I rarely don't give a place a second chance. Everyone has an off night. Bliss ReBar must have been having one on my first visit. I'm glad it was just a fluke.
5	You're my new favorite crush, Bliss ReBAR.  We there for brunch last weekend.  Service was superb- I think Tom was our server, and he was awesome..and.. OMG the food was delish!!  I had the pretzel bread french toast... it was the perfect amount of food (maybe a little too much) and it came with a small side of bacon.  I really enjoyed it.  By the way, the ambiance is stellar, along with the great music!Thanks so much, we'll be back tomorrow!  xoxo
4	We didn't realize this would be such a long walk from the convention center in the 100* heat but it was worth it.  It was evening and the streets were pretty empty, even for a Saturday night.When we arrived it was very cute with outdoor areas and the house is divided.  Walk to the left for the restaurant and to the right for the bar.  My husband and I went into the bar and sat at a table for 2.  We were to late for any kind of happy hour but their Saturday drinks special is a cherry vodka with lime drink for $3.  It wasn't bad and I enjoyed 3 of them.My husband got the street tacos to eat and I had the pretzel bread with dips.  I enjoyed the queso much more than the alfredo.The best part was the ambiance and I would like to go back some day.
5	I have been to Bliss Rebar a couple of times now. It is a pretty cool place in Roosevelt district.  Every time we have come the services has been great.  The servers are pretty quick and our drinks are always full.  Every day they have a $3.00 cocktail drink and the happy hour specials are pretty inexpensive too.  So far the Mac & Cheese and the Meatloaf sandwich are really good.  I know I will be back to try more.  If you are ever in the Roosevelt district during First Friday or just in the area, you should try at Bliss Rebar.
5	This place has the best Grilled Cheese I've ever had the pleasure of eating!  I also really loved my French Fries and part of my moms buffalo chicken sandwich.  We both can't wait to go back!
5	The food is amazing, especially anything on their pretzel buns.  The staff is all very friendly and dangerously close to too good looking.Most places I frequent I end up finding one dish they make that I just stick to.  I can't do that here, with the exception of the Shrimp BLT I have loved everything I've tried and can't pick a favorite.  Try anything on a pretzel bun, you won't be disappointed.
4	My wife and I went out here a few weeks back, ordered of the moonlight menu, we both got burgers, the portions were great, the food was very good, and came to the table quickly after we placed our order. It took a little bit after we sat down before we got served, but within reason. I like that it seems hidden with it's big walls of bamboo outside. it's a great, trendy dinner place that if you're willing to spend a little bit of money, you'll have a great dining experience.
5	We love this place!  Great food and a fantastic team.    The meatloaf dinner and sandwich are great, and try the pot roast!  The best patio in downtown Phoenix.If you haven't been here, definitely give it a try!
1	I am giving Bliss "0" stars as it no standards for employees who choose to drink off the clock or on- couldn't tell.  We stopped in for just a quick drink, app, and to check it out.  Seemed okay- a large party of business men and another gentleman at the bar  were the only ones seated. Then of course- "the main event" or so she thought she was.  I'm not a prude but there are only so many times that you can drop the "F" bomb when if becomes ineffective and just plain crass. She was apparently an employee (I saw her busing some tables on the patio) then returned to the bar to enlighten everyone in the entire place on her sex life, work life, and oh so much more.  The two bartenders seemed mortified but never said a word.  The poor single man ended up going outside in the 114 degree heat if that tells you how bad it was.  Drink was fine, appetizer was mediocre- guests/employees at the bar were a nightmare and we will not be back.
5	I have been here 3 times now. They really do have the best grilled cheese and I also love the french fries.  The service is always amazing, they are very friendly and helpful. The Macaroni and Cheese is also really good! I can't wait to try the other flavors and some of the other appetizers. It's extremely difficult for me to ever order anything besides the grilled cheese but I'm trying to!
5	This is THE hangout spot for me and my friends downtown!  Cool, relaxed atmosphere, perfect location, awesome drinks, DELICIOUS food, and from the servers to the owners, the best customer service ever.  First Fridays are SUPER busy, but otherwise it's a very calm place.  Not a dance club, this is where you go to just chill and just hang with your friends.  Drink specials every day, the BEST brunch that you will find downtown, and did I mention the mac n cheese?!  Dear god the mac n cheese!  It will make you swoon, it will make you live, it will make you slap yo momma!Give Bliss/ReBAR a try, you will NOT regret it!
4	definitely a fun friday night, a bit too hot even at night during the summer.
1	Every time I seem to order from this place online, it takes forever and service is horrible (but when you sit down, they know they will make tips so they seem super nice then). I called them and asked them how long it would take to order...2.5 hours! This is because they go through a 3rd party vendor that may or may not be busy delivering for dozens of other places. So then my colleagues and I, as well as some of my bosses, decide to order for pick up. We make our orders and they tell us 15 minutes.I wait 30 minutes before leaving our office, which is about 10 minutes away, just to make sure the food is done. When I arrive, I tell the bartender that I am there for a pick up order to which she replies, "When it's done, they'll bring it out." This obviously meant it was not ready yet.I sat there for about 45 minutes and no one even offered me water, granted it was hot outside and I came in sweating must not have given away my thirst or need for water at all. After about 30 minutes, my boss called me wondering where her food was because she was starving and we were working on the weekend because we had a lot of TIMELY things to do, and could not wait for food for more than an hour. She then called the restaurant, who told her they would give a 20% discount on the entire order of meals. I was not sure what the totals were for all bills except mine, which they did not hand me a receipt for when I paid, but all others had receipts. When I returned to my office, we calculated it and the 20% never came off of any of our bills.My boss, infuriated, was upset and just decided she would rather not eat there than waste time trying to get some decent customer service. BlissReBAR, you lost 5 customers that day. We won't pay for anything here again. Food is not worth that much, price-wise ESPECIALLY if you have to wait for an hour+ and they do not accommodate you and your complaints or provide you with basic customer service.
4	I ended up at Bliss/ReBAR yesterday when I was downtown and I totally forgot how much I like this place.  The food is amazing, super friendly staff and the location is great.  It's right in the middle of where First Friday is, so if you're looking for a drink or a bite on First Friday, this is a great spot.  If you go, get the burger!
4	I came here for the 2nd Back to Drinking UYE. I like this place. It is very laid back. I like how it is split into two different parts. The restaurant on one side in it's own building and the bar on the other in it's own building with outdoor seating in between. It is in a very arty neighborhood downtown. Almost looks like a house that was converted.My girlfriend and I split the Bliss Nachos and the Steakhouse Burger. The Nachos were very good with the homemade tortilla chips, queso fresco, pickled jalapenos, tomatoes and red cabbage. We also add chicken to them. The chips were very good. Airy and light. The cheese covered everything. It all worked very well together. The Steakhouse Burger was really good too. it has lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, bacon, steak sauce & crispy onions on toasted pretzel bun. The pretzel bun is so good. The burger was cooked just right. I didn't notice there was blue cheese on it when it was ordered and was wondering what that odd taste was. I am not a fan of blue cheese and if I got this burger again it would be minus the blue cheese. It was still very good in spite of my blue cheese oversight.I would also like to come back here to try their weekend brunch some time. Perhaps a certain breakfast UYE could pick this place once.I will say the parking situation is a little crazy but spots can be found. I will definitely be back to try out more drinks and more food. Bliss ReBAR has been added to my list of cool bars to hang out in.
3	Food is OK, great drinks but staff can't handle large groups.
4	Pretty decent place, went here with my best friend. Tried their Hummus Trio and loved it!
4	This is a gay bar which I didn't realize for the longest time. The drinks are good and cheap and it's very pretty with the big tree, centrally located and always has a big crowd.
5	I have try this place again today Sunday night and the service was much better. Getting served by the GM awesome service and food.
4	Food is incredible and they're not stingy with their alcohol! Love and met the owner and he's just the sweetest. Only complaint would be the male bartender with the glasses. Very rude guy you can notice by the constant scowl on his face. If you want to be treated like an idiot (and not someone who is about to give money) then order drinks from him. If you enjoy being treated like a human being, and not a piece of meat or an infant, I highly recommend you order your drinks from the female, short, blonde waitress. She has excellent customer service, will talk to you like a human, and won't make you question why you came to bliss rebar in the first place!
5	TOP QUALITY, GREAT SERVICE!  If your in the mood for a relaxing afternoon or evening, this is the place to be.  From good food to AMAZING drinks you will more than enjoy yourself at Bliss.  Very trendy and extremely friendly.. GOOD CHOICE!!!
5	We love Rebar! The food is fabulous and consistent, the drinks poured well and the staff beyond friendly! It's our neighborhood joint where everyone feels at home. Salmon, grilled cheese, burgers, meatloaf, bacon-wrapped pork, wings....all yummy!!!!!
5	Downtown and need a drink? Stop in and see the best bartender, Michelle! She is great to chat with and she makes a mean drink! The food is good and the service is great!
5	We were in Phoenix and wanted to find a local, great restaurant near our hotel.  Bliss ReBar was a great find.  Our waitress, Haylee, was fantastic.  The food was awesome.  We ordered the half spicy mac-N-cheese, the buffalo chicken sandwich, and the burger with their homemade cheese.  We'll definitely be returning when visiting Phoenix.
4	Great place to hang out for a bit if you catch their awesome $3 happy hour deals: all beer, house wine, well drinks. Also remember there's a drink of the day all day. The environment is a little hipster but more casual and without the snooty judgment looks.  Didn't try main food dishes. I thought wings had good flavor but they were not served hot. Hummus tasted like the tub I have in my fridge - nothing to write home about.  Overall, come here to throw a few back and start your night.
4	GREAT happy hour - $3 beer, house wine, and well drinks, plus drink of the day. Food is pretty good, too. Wings were nice, but not too spicy. Hummus came as a nice trio, though we had to ask for more bread.I love the patio area, especially when the weather is cooler. I would like to come back and try the rest of the menu. Overall, very nice.
4	super fun place, love the patio.
2	Food is good but can be improved. The shrimp and cheesy grits tasted very good, but small amount of grits with tons of cheese and twice as much sauce made the dish feel like soup. Pot roast tasted very good, could use some carrots or other vegetables on the side.The service was completely off: waiter could not explain signature drinks, kept forgetting drink order, waited 10 minutes to tell me wine I ordered was not available and then tried to charge me for it when the bill arrived. Restaurant was almost empty when this happened but waiter kept using excuse that they were sooooo busy!?!
4	Great place to relax in the evening. They have a very nice, shaded courtyard, with plenty of humidifiers, so sitting outside is actually pleasant. It is also separated from the street by greenery and bamboo, so I didn't  feel exposed and stared-at while enjoying my exceptional food and drink. It is in a bit questionable neighborhood, but is loved by locals -- and I see why: the food is great, the thoughtful details all around are appealing to the senses, and the service is up to par.
2	I can't believe I am updating my review for Bliss/ReBar with a negative experience. The server/bartender (which I think was the problem, bartenders have so much to do that waiting on 16 or so people can get tricky) was initially very responsive to our table of 7, he got drink orders, food orders and then double checked with us on the food order. However as his section filled up, his service declined. He could have handled it better, but I think this one largely weighs as a management problem. This was the day of the Phoenix AIDS Walk, we beat the rush at Bliss, but they got busy quick! Why was the bartender also serving 16 or so people? A server, or the manager should have taken over the section.Specific issues: I got the Bliss Scramble, which I could swear I had before and it was great, this time it was essentially a Denny's chorizo omelet at twice the price. The 'toast' was something that Elwood would have enjoyed (re: dry, white, bread), the scramble was a flattened conglomeration of cheese, chorizo and egg (the menu said veggies too, but I couldn't find them) on top of hash browns that were nothing special.My girlfriend got the Eggs Benedict, I quote: "The worst Eggs Benedict I have ever had!" It was supposed to be served on pretzel bread. The bread it was served on looked like it would be perfect for bruschetta. One of our friends got the french toast, which is also 'sliced pretzel bread' according to the menu. However, that was obviously pretzel bread, I had some, it was delicious. I didn't even feel inclined to try my girlfriend's poor little bruschetta breads sitting under their hood of egg and hollandaise. When Matt S, the bartender/server, came by with another round of food, we asked him why the meal was not as described, he said it was, that was the pretzel bread. Even though we had an example of pretzel bread sitting on the table. A helpful guy who'd only been there a week, went to check with the kitchen for us and came back to let us know that pretzel bread and pretzel buns were different. We thanked him for that info, as another friend had a pretzel bun sitting on her plate and yes it was different from the pretzel bread that was made into french toast, and it was quite different from the sad little slices that were looking for light under their egg roof. The amount of egg on the Benedict was startlingly small as well, especially for a place that I usually feel has over-sized portions, everyone's portions (including my homely omelet) were superior to the Benedict. Which means that yes, the bread was even smaller than the small serving of eggs.Matt was also wrong about two eggs that he brought us, he stood there at the table with them asking who ordered them, we said no one and he put them down and left.  My scramble came well after everyone else had started eating, perhaps a reason it was so blah? I added one of the mystery eggs  to my scramble to make it at least somewhat interesting. Never, not once did Matt ask us if we needed ketchup, sriracha or anything like that. The few times he swooped by, it seemed he was trying to not make eye contact. (Probably because of the non-pretzel bread).We received a bill with errors and a few unhappy looks. Then we headed out to continue our day wondering if we should get some more, and better food at Squash Blossom next time...I am sorely disappointed in Bliss' brunch this day, and saddened by this, I used to be able to recommend this place without reservations as an excellent brunch and dinner venue (I have never been for lunch). Now, if asked where to go...I'd probably have to say The Welcome Diner, Squash Blossom, or Denny's if you want a chorizo omelet, dry toast, and hash browns.
1	MEH!  The food here is very bland. I had the BLT with shrimp. Tasted like bread and unseasoned shrimp. My friend had the Mac n cheese..There's a lot of places in the area serving very tasty Mac N cheese but the Mac here is BLAND. It's on par with craft easy mac, boiled noodles with what I assume is an artificial "cheese sauce". I'm not even sure it contains cheese.  I think my problem is that this place is a bar and I came here to eat but yeah the food Must be an after thought here, I would not come back.  @ the owners, go Taste the Mac n cheese at lux and then STEP YOUR GAME UP, you have an amazing location and your place is very aesthetically pleasing but there is no excuse for your food being so unflavored and uninspired.
4	Super cute little joint! I loved Bliss ReBAR's outdoor patio. It was such a perfect evening to sit outside and enjoy the atmosphere. I never did make it inside to see the rest of it, but there were a few short and tall tables on the patio. And now that I think about it, there wasn't all that much seating. They did have a cute little tree bar off to the side that had decent service, the service at the tables weren't all that good though. I was able to try some of the mac-n-cheese... pretty freakin' tasty with a little kick to it. Also, their signature Bliss drink, amazing!!
3	Not bad, but would love to see the service kick it up a bit.  I arrived after two of my friends had already started eating (and was followed by a handful of other friends).  The waitress/bartender neglected to bring over a menu, so I ended up not ordering anything to eat, despite being fairly hungry.  Luckily, the mac&cheese ordered by one of my table-mates was tasty and quite a large portion, so I got a few bites in.  After quite awhile, we were finally checked on, and I ordered a drink.  When the waitress got to the other end of our table, she told them about the drink special of the night - at $3, it was quite a steal!  Maybe they should tell the specials to the whole table though, before orders are placed?  Just a thought!  I love the atmosphere, but it was hampered by the smokers.  Not sure how they are able to get away with smoking right next to the entrance, but it was definitely allowed.  Gross!  Next time, I'd opt for food indoors with the drink special.  That might bump my rating up a bit!
3	Went here with a couple of locals and ended up ordering the french toast which is made from pretzel bread. It was definitely a great change up from traditional french toast, it was good but it was missing that WOW factor that I have had at many other restaurants. It is a great place to hang out and relax on their gorgeous patio. A warning in advance this is also a gay bar, which is not a huge issue for me but I could tell the table next to me was uncomfortable. I went on Sunday Funday and there was also a live DJ playing.
5	I love this place.My fellow yelp elite introduced me to the WONDERFUL mac and cheese the first time I ever came her, instantly I was in love. The bacon and chicken mac and cheese with siracha is my favorite. Its outstanding. Large chunks of chicken and bacon with Parmesan cheese on top. They're brunch menu is also great (I love their breakfast nachos!) and brunch runs till 3pm. A perfect stop after a heavy night of drinking. I would suggest sitting outside! Also, the outdoor bar that's wrapped around a tree .... very good place to sit and get a drink. Cant wait to come back!
3	My Girlfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday night at around 10:00. The place was nearly empty with a distinct lack of female patronage, if you catch my drift.  We both ordered specialty drinks off their cocktail menu. Mine was an orange creamsicle flavored something that was pretty good.  My girlfriend had some berry inspired drink off of the "naked" portion of the menu and it was totally undrinkable.  It was filled with huge chunks of unripe muddles berries and tasted just awful.  The staff was nice enough to remove it from our tab.We shared a shrimp BLT and a hummus appetizer. They were both pretty tasty. We would have preferred more veggies with the hummus but I really enjoyed the sandwich.Overall it was pretty good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to make it back here and with the amount of business we found there on a Saturday night, I wouldn't expect it to be there much longer.
3	Me and my partner popped in because we had a $25 gift card the bartender was really friendly and knowledgeable A lot of activity going on outside in a lot of movement going around in the out of the bar we went the middle of the afternoon and there was only four of us at the bar I think three about have been employees it may be busier at night but I've never gone it's a cute little bar it seems like to me I get the vibe that it's more of a low-key bar for girls but there are men I just get the five it's a woman's bar for drinks are reasonable and it's nice and clean write-downs smack in the middle of town if you're in town come check it out it's a cute little stop
4	We went here during one of the crazy rainy days Phoenix rarely has, and although it was a Friday, there was hardly anyone here! I can't say that this is representative of every Friday night though; I think the rain kept people away.While I can't comment on the Friday night atmosphere due to that reason, I can say: WOW to the food! As reviewers have noted, the pretzel bread is killer. Get it!!! I got the shrimp BLT (minus the BLT, I know it's sacrilege but I don't eat bacon) - SO good! My boyfriend got the chicken sandwich with the pretzel bread and he loved it. I wish I had the pretzel bread on mine... next time!The best part to me was happy hour - SUCH good prices. We walked out of the bar spending less than $5 on drinks (granted, one of us was the DD, so only one person was drinking, but still. $5!!!) Speaking of driving, parking's actually not that bad. Parking downtown is free after 5 p.m., and there is plenty of street parking all around Bliss.I can't wait to go back to Bliss when it's a little more crowded - we had awesome service from the staff, but I'd like to test it when it's busier. I LOVE the happy hour prices and can't wait to try the mac and cheese- people around us ordered it, and it looked HUGE. Yum!
3	I've had a 4-star and a 3-star experience here.The first time I went here, it was amazing. I sat outside and had a wonderful waiter. The kind where they actually had an opinion about the menu. I dined on quinoa and lentil salad, shrimp and grits, and a brownie sunday. It was fantastic and I told all my co-workers about it. However, the second time was a completely different experience. The waitress didn't have a clue about anything and didn't bring out the correct orders. We ate inside finished and left in a hurry and the food was just okay.Amazing how different an experience the same person can half. I'm going to give it another try and see if the needle moves back up. Sure hope it does!
4	The wife and I have been here enough times for me to write a real review of Bliss, and ReBAR for that matter. I've been for breakfast, for lunch, for dinner, for drinks. I've been on a Monday, a Tuesday, probably a Friday or two, likely Saturday and definitely a Sunday. Heck, lets just throw in Wednesday and Thursday for good measure.It's the type of neighborhood bar where every one knows your name, as long as you happen to know everybody who's there that is. One of the best Macaroni and Cheeses in town - the best? perhaps, you should judge them on that one for yourself. The wait staff is always friendly, the drinks are poured 'well' ;-), the food always comes out tasty, and the friends are always here. What else could you really need?I wouldn't exactly call this a dance venue, but there's generally always dance music playing in the bar and on the patio over the weekends; I've seen some people get down. They've got a cool patio for brunch when it's nice outside, an interesting outdoor bar with heat lamps for those chilled "winter" evenings, and indoor dining in the bar as well as the restaurant.FYI, this is a gay bar (not that there's anything wrong with that), so if you're looking to pickup on the opposite sex, you might have some trouble with that here, but it's a great spot for gathering with your friends.Happy Yelping Phoenix! :-)
4	The food is so freaking good and they even have take out online for when you don't want to talk to another person. The restaurant staff are friendly and personable . Super chill vibe but it had a ton of famjams going on when I went in.  The restaurant does not feel like you are in the bar even though they are attached. I will eat here again!
4	I had the salmon and he had the pasta with chicken, both were great, make sure you say hi to Jackson he's great, oh and ask for Mathew at the bar outside.
4	Great staff. Fun atmosphere. Be sure to try the veggie melt--I'm not even vegetarian and thought it was delicious! Parmesan fries are also worth the extra dollar.
2	Let me preface this by stating that both instances that I've had Bliss' food it has been delivered by a local service. This review does not reflect on said service in any way. The first time I had Bliss' food I found it very tasty. The experience consisted of a Caesar salad and the meaty mac and cheese with sriracha added per numerous reviews. The Caesar was crisp, the croutons full of flavor, and the dressing spot on. The mac and cheese was hearty. Period. And I like that. That was a 4-star experience. The latest encounter consisted of the spicy Caesar, two shrimp BLTAs, one with pretzel bread, again, per numerous yelp recommendations, and two sides of fries - one was rosemary/Parmesan and the other was the traditional salt and pepper. The spicy Caesar is the regular Caesar with sriracha added. We figured we'd give it a shot, though I now know sriracha and Caesar aren't meant to mix. I love to try new things so that's not the complaint. There was nary a crouton to be found. The menu says they come with it, so they should be there. The shrimp BLTAs lacked the fundamental component in anything marked with 'BLT' - the bacon! They were completely bland so it makes me wonder how much the bacon would've helped anyway. If they can't stand on their own without the bacon, then perhaps they need to be rethought. Now the fries. The order showed up within 30 minutes of having been placed, but the fries tasted, felt, and looked like they'd been under a hot lamp for hours. They were dry, hard, and utterly uninviting. In other words, not worth the time or money. Perhaps the last experience was a seriously 'off' day for them, but my feeling is that whoever sent that food out the door couldn't have cared less.
4	This place is an epicenter for activity on First Fridays downtown.  During First Fridays the place is jam packed, the music is loud and the restaurant and outdoor patio is filled wall to wall.  I've been here twice for drinks, but never had their food.  So a group of friends and I decided to come here for what we heard was a solid weekend brunch.  Came here right at the opening on Saturday.  We were the first ones to arrive and there was only a smattering of other folks that came by.  Even though it was late morning, the music was playing almost as loud as I remember with a whole bunch of pop and dance chart hits booming from the speakers.  It was weird seeing it almost empty this time, but we were seated on the patio and tended to by a very friendly waiter.The brunch menu has pretty decent selection and they have drink specials on brunch staples like mimosas, bloody marys, as well as huge assortment of martinis.  I went with a mild bloody mary (don't like em too spicy).  For my meal, I went with the french toast.  The french toast is actually on pretzel bread which gave it a more chewy texture.  Different, but good.  Didn't fall apart as easily as most french toast does either.  Got a side of eggs and hash browns.  Hit the spot on every note.  One of my friends got the chorizo burrito and loved it.  The rest of the table was plenty happy with their mimosas too.All totaled, the french toast, eggs, hash browns, and bloody mary came out to $22 with tip on my bill.  Not bad for all the food that I got.  The patio area is very industrial but offers a nice view of people watching on 4th Street and for the most part is pretty well shaded.  I only took a brief glance at the indoor bar and restaurant areas, but both looked very modern and comfortable (as long as you're okay with the music volume).I'll have to check out their typical lunch and dinner menu and report back on how that goes.  But if you're in the Roosevelt Row area looking for drinks or a good brunch, Bliss has just the thing for both.
4	The food is so freaking good and they even have take out online for when you don't want to talk to another person. The restaurant staff are friendly and personable . Super chill vibe but it had a ton of famjams going on when I went in.  The restaurant does not feel like you are in the bar even though they are attached. I will eat here again!
1	When we dine in at Bliss, the waiters are attentive and knowledgable; when we order food for take-out, our food is ..overpriced and *always* incorrect. The last two times we've ordered in, there's been an issue with the fries. 1st, we received a giant clamshell of rock solid fries so requested some edible fries to replace the disgusting bone-dry ones.  Now, we order fries for $2 dollars and without prior warning, we get half the size usual for a to-go portion. WHAT GIVES!? For $2, we can get two giant fries from McDonald's that will at least be semi-appetizing. Get it together, Bliss, cause you're more like a Bust. Save your thirty bucks for Circle K.
4	We decided to come here because of their great specials- Wednesdays you get 20% off your entire billGreat wine and beer list, good cocktails plus a low-calorie cocktail list- we had some delicious sangria Nice outdoor patio and bar area with a lot of seatingOverall the food was pretty good - great for a casual weeknight meal. I would definitely go back for a reasonable, low key dinner
4	Great drinks, prime location, and fantastic patio area. The bartenders are always incredibly friendly, and the drinks are usually pretty strong. I've tried the "Group Therapy," and it lives up to it's name--you need AT LEAST one other person for the drink. Not a place for dancing, but a great bar to hand out with a group of people.
3	This would be a great spot for outside dining, unfortunately they don't have enough tables/chairs for many customers to take advantage of the weather when it is nice and we had to dine inside. The happy hour Smirnoff martini's left a lot to be desired. They tasted like poorly mixed, warm, watered down vodka drinks. The happy hour menu was pretty decent but figuring out what they offered was like pulling teeth. They apparently replaced the happy hour menu awhile back and have yet to reprint a new one and even worse educate their waiters on what the hell is included on the non-existent happy hour menu. When asked what the happy hour menu included our waitress was unsure, pointed at the appetizer menu and said "it includes some of these but not all of them and has some things that aren't listed. Ask me if you don't see see something or want to know if it is part of the happy hour." Uhm, ok, I'll be sure to ask about what may or may not be part of the happy hour. After what was supposed to be a martinis, the four of us switched to beers and enjoyed our food.
5	We ate here after our long day at the convention center for training. We were seated inside however we really wanted to sit out so our awesome waitress Hillary  hooked us up with opening up the additional outside patio. Her service started off strong and it just keep going. There were 15 of us and we couldn't have asked for better service and food. Damn I'm stuffed and drunk. Ahhhh good times.
4	Mac n cheese chorizo and sriracha was the bees knees. Music was jammin . Outdoor atmosphere was nice.
4	The nachos were amazing! And so were the coconut chicken strips. The service was a 8 out of a 10 because it was a slow night and the waitress took forever and a day to bring over ranch and water. I'll go back though because the food was that good!
5	We had a birthday brunch for a party of 10 and our server Melissa was fantastic. 5 of our party of 10 came and left at different times and Melissa didn't flinch. She stayed on point with our orders and our checks. She did a great job keeping us stocked on mimosas! The food, as always, was super tasty. I had the Bliss Burrito w/chicken and it was amazing! Most of our party had either the egg sandwich (really super good) or different versions of the Mac & Cheese. No one left disappointed. We will go back for sure. Thanks Melissa for taking great care of us.
2	They put way too much on the tacos I made a mess! Veggies to be exact. A  little less please.  I wasn't too impressed with the 4th street tacos-shrimp style. The limes were very dry hardly any lime juice came out
4	Good & fun place. Had Christmas dinner with all my co-workers and had good service. Tried the chicken nachos, DELICIOUS! The only bad thing about it is that we were outside and it was Dec so it was chilly.
2	I'm really discouraged because I like Bliss Rebar and have come in so many times, I recommend them to so many people. I came for brunch with a group yesterday and somehow my card was charged for the 11 bucks that I owed and then charged again for 86 dollars. I called when I realized it had happened, I was going over my bank account and things just were not adding up. I'm on a pretty tight budget so I definitely notice when almost $100 is deducted. The guy who answered the phone was pretty rude. He had no apologies for the inconvenience until the very end of our conversation. He felt that saying 'if you work with us we can then work with you' was an acceptable response. I offered to come down and log into my bank to show the discrepency but he said that that would not be good enough. He then offered me an email address instead of a managers name and phone number to clear the matter up.The next day I went in person to ask about it and was told that it was probably a void and would show back up in my account later. I really am having a hard time with this. Why was I not informed of a mischarge? why has there been little to no communication. It took 20 hours to hear back from a manager.
2	I made a reservation online for Sunday brunch, and our table of 6 was right in the sun on the Bliss side with zero shade. We asked to move and were fairly warned ahead of time that the ReBar side was a bit less attentive. We didn't care, we just needed shade! So we moved to the other side and despite the warning, it took an unnecessarily long amount of time to get drinks, food, silverware, and the check. The server appeared to be pretty taxed, but made apologies for the wait and running back and forth. Several of the orders came out incorrectly but we didn't want to made anything of it because it appeared as though he really was doing his best.We were bummed because the dishes were pretty bland tasting and average looking. The Bloody Mary needed work. The sandwiches and salads charge quite a bit for extras like protein or french fries which is weird-- the only place I've seen that charges extra for fries is somewhere like ZinBurger that's known for quality, super tasty entrees. You can charge extra for protein on a salad if the base of the salad is really strong. At Bliss is just felt like an unnecessary up charge.Overall, the menu needs a little class. Someone with a good palette and eye needs to liven it up and make it more professional. I feel like most everything could have been made in my own kitchen.It is in a great location, and the patio is beautiful and such a great environment, but I won't go back for more than drinks because it's just not worth the price.
4	I can't decide if I should delete my previous review or just update but I decided to update just to show what good service they do have. The initial experience was sort of negative but the manager (Rachel) did get in touch with me and she has been amazing. I really wasn't made to begin with I just wanted to figure out why I was charged so much for my brunch.Also, the food is amazing and it is always fun. My brunch was actually awesome aside from the double charge. I had the pretzel french toast and I would recommend it. My favorite thing they have though is the vintage nachos. Seriously amazing. They use flaky flour tortilla chips and this amazing queso. The sliders are also really good. I have been going to Bliss Rebar for years so I am glad that everything worked out.Thank you Rachel!
5	Every time I visit Roosevelt Row, I pass the Bliss ReBAR.  This time, however, I thought that I would give it a try.  The atmosphere is somewhat eclectic with part of the restaurant inside near a small partially open kitchen; the other side is a patio overlooking the street and side.  Either way the view is enough to satisfy your visit on its own.The menu has several options including burgers, salads and breakfast (offered through the afternoon on Saturdays and Sundays).  We ordered a plate of fries as an appetizer.  An excellent choice.  The fries come with sea salt, vinegar, pepper and other assorted topping.  They are thin string fries, my favorite and cooked just right.I had ordered the Buddha burger.  This particular burger has a special sauce and vegetables that provide an Asian twist to an American favorite.  It was cooked to perfection and tasted even better.  My son decided to have the chicken and waffles.  This selection was the highlight of the visit.  The waffles were not over cooked or burnt.  They arrived with butter on top and maple syrup that appeared and tasted like it came directly from a maple tree in the Northeast.  The chicken was done in a breaded Japanese panko style with dipping sauce.  Delicious.  The cost per dish was around $10.00.The delivery and preparation of the food needs to be recalibrated.  The orders were received one by one.  It appeared that the food was prepared in short bursts.  In other words, our appetizer arrived quickly, but we had to wait for the rest of our meal.  Once are meal was ready, it was ready alongside several other meals and it took some time to get into the waiter's hands.  It may have been due to understaffing?  All and all, I will be REVisting the REBar in the near future.....................
4	The burgers were cooked perfectly; however, we wish we would've had more cheese options as well as bun options. Shoestring fries were delicious! We do wish we could've ordered "regular fries" or "steak fries" but it's okay because two orders of shoestring fries do the trick! Definitely recommend this place. Will be come back!
5	Bliss has a breakfast sandwich I a pretzel bun. I can not think of a name more fitting for such a wonderful experience. Amazing inexpensive cocktails (even the "skinny" drinks are heaven) Friendly service even when a million people are there. I love this place. Can't wait to go back!
4	Great for dinner out with friends! The place was pretty busy when we got there around 630 on a Saturday but calling ahead for a reservation got us outside seating which was perfect. There isn't a parking lot but lots of street parking. The food was delicious! I had the veg Mac n cheese which was sooo good. My friend had the quinoa salad which she really liked. The portions are a descent size. There is also a bar connected to the restaurant side which looked fun. The ambience was fun in that it had a cool looking outdoor bar out on the patio and a separate indoor bar.
3	I only had a beer here but the outside bar was very cool.  Concrete bar with rebar bent over it to look like a palm tree awning.  It was cool place for people watching, located on a fairly busy corner.  I didn't get to sample the food but the bartender was cool.  The crowd was super sparse for 11:30 on a Saturday, though. Still, I'll definitely go back here in the future.
1	This is my second time here and hands down the worse service I ever experienced. I came with a party of 9 and they put us on the list  which really never had a time of a waiting time it was like find a table yourself. After waiting 30 minutes  I finally found a table   I had to tell them to sit us  then after we sat I had  to chase someone to take our order.  The food is great  but the wait not worth it.The service   Is Terrible  my friends and I will never come here again this restaurant
3	Had the Roosevelt chicken pan seared. Taste: good. Seasoning: okay (needed a little salt). Consistency on one of the chicken cutlets was a little chewy.  Food came out timely. Bartender (I ate at bar): cute as can be and friendly, yet not exactly attentive considering only 4 other patrons at bar. He did ask how the meal was but didn't see him again until I was finished.  I needed salt & pepper.I'd recommend it as a place to check out.  Unsure if I'll return.
5	Got the beef 4th street tacos and asked for them to be extra spicy. I was on a trip from NC and they lack spicy food there. These tacos were huge, delicious and so spicy.....perfect. I was sweating bullets. Ask for spicy 4th street tacos you pussies.
4	Found this hidden gem while randomly walking around downtown Phoenix. We had gone in because we wanted to just have a quick drink & coincidentally, it was about 8 minutes after Happy Hour had started (on a Saturday too which you don't find a lot of the time!). The bartender was really nice and listed off the items on the HH menu - we went with the house special for the day, the Rasputin. It was absolutely delicious & refreshing, especially in the Phoenix heat! It wasn't busy the day we had gone in but the waiters were telling us it's normally very busy. We're planning on going back one night when they have live music!
4	Perfect brunch spot. The food is good. Drinks are strong and you're sure to run into a friend or meet a new one here. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I had this burger with pineapple on it, so yummy. Pretzel buns need to be standard on any burger. Also try the cheese fries!
5	Seriously the best Mac N' CHeese I have ever had in my life! Beer was awesome as well. Service was great. Clean, easy to see from the road. Adequate, free parking
2	Food was good. We had the cheesy mac balls balls for appetizer. Entrees we had were buddha burger, 4th street tacos chicken, and 4th street tacos shrimp. Pros- *food was good.*enjoyed the zoo animal artwork more than the service. Cons- service was mediocre.*Asked for a Plantation Tea (Pineapple Ice Tea) and was charged for a $3.00 juice, and a $3.00 ice tea. Shocked... Probably cheaper to get a Long Island Ice Tea. If you order an Arnold Palmer, you probably have to pay $3.00 lemonade and $3.00 ice tea. *Food took about 30 minutes.*Appetizer came after the entrees.*Had to ask for more silverware.*Had to ask for more water.*Had to get up and pump my own ketchup at the food line! *Dessert was brought to the wrong table and not enough spoons to share. *Asked for three separate checks and every check was wrong. Would I come back? Probably not.
2	For a weekend night it was a 45 minute wait maybe because it was First Friday going on. Suggested by a friend. Took the first available table and ended up inside. Bliss Rebar looked small with large mirrors inside to make it look more roomier. Appetizer: Cheesy Mac Balls. This is a good comfort food and can easily order another one. I really wanted to try the Black Bean Burger but they were out! So I ended up getting their 4th Street Tacos which comes with 3 small tortillas filled with chicken, onions, queso, lime, cilantro and all the good stuff  and chipotle sauce. This dish is something I could put together but was still good. Not the best. If only!! I had gotten the black bean burger. Sweets: Bliss Brownie a la mode topped with a strawberry and a couple blackberries. Ehh it was more like the bottom edges of the brownie was literally stuck to the ramekin and had to put so much force of the spoon to etch off the ramekin. Lots of arm work to eat this one. Service was mediocre. We didn't get a refill of water until we asked for it. It was a self service for some ketchup for a friends fries.   And the check was a jumbled up.
4	Missy rules.
5	Stopped in for a quick drink and we were greeted by a hot bartender that was a self proclaimed "drink wizard". He told us about the special for the night (which he had to repeat because I was checking in, not listening lol) which was a blueberry vodka and ciroc with lemon juice for $3, or a tall for $1 more. I had the tall, obviously.  Tasted like a slurpie! The girl asked for a strawberry banana drink, which he made perfect for her, not too sweet. We sat outside in this couch area. It was cool, but the thing that initially drew us to it was the privacy, which was gone when the motion detector light came on with the light of 1000 suns. It turned off a few minutes later though and all was good. Overall great experience. Will definitely be back.
5	I am a huge fan of Bliss ReBar. Every time we go the drinks are delicious and the food is amazing. Saturday we were pub crawling downtown and made this one of our stops. We had about 15 in our party and were all ready feeling pretty good and were a little loud. The bartender gave us excellent service and laughed and talked with us all while making drinks and handling our food orders. Everyone loved their food and had a blast while we were there. Thanks Bliss ReBar for being a great place to hang out!!
3	I dunno I do like this place...I'd normally give 4 stars. I hate to go negative.  Today I ordered my normal coconut chicken strips which I typically LOVE. Today they were skinny, overcooked, and bitter taste. Seems like they went from nice, fat, juicy breasts to skinny, dry, icky tenders.
4	I was out on a date and she took me to Bliss REBAR. It was a Friday night and I wasn't really in the mood for a crowded bar scene. The ambience of the place is really nice. Not a party spot but people were definitely having a great time. I had their pomegranate martini and it was DELICIOUS. Not to strong but strong enough to taste it. It was smooth going down. The veggie mac and cheese was ok. I was told they have the best mac and cheese. I would have to disagree. They good mac and cheese... certainly not the best. I've had better. But it was good. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.
4	I would say that this place is deserving of a good, solid 4 stars. It really didn't blow me away, but it was much better than most places for sure.First, I must say that my family and I are huge fans of Chef Johnny Chu and used to frequent the restaurant "Fate," which used to be located in what is now Bliss ReBAR. However, I believe a few years ago another company bought out Fate and turned it into something else which is obviously no longer there, and for good reason -- I went there once but it was just not the same experience. It was a very watered down version of what Fate had used to be. I'm truly glad that something good has come of this once-quaint little house in downtown Phoenix!The staff was very friendly, the atmosphere lovely, and the place still has its charms. The food and drinks were decently priced and delicious. We all had breakfast items, I believe, since it was a late Sunday morning brunch for us. We were able to come right in and sit down immediately as it wasn't too busy. They also had some drink deals for Sunday morning, including a really good, spicy Bloody Mary. It was decently strong, too! I had the French Toast with Pretzel Bread; I usually hate French Toast, but it was very delicious here. The bacon was good too. My husband shared it with me, and I had some of his omelet which was also delicious. We also shared an order of the coconut chicken strips with the rest of the table. I believe someone wanted to have a fancy version of chicken and waffles for breakfast! :) These were very good as well. I was also able to try some breakfast nachos and was happy with those as well.Our server was very endearing. He was very friendly and helpful, and it seemed like the other staff members were as well. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience, and I would dine here again. :)
2	Roaches roaches roaches. I saw a dead roach today at brunch 4 feet away from where they prepare food and when I told my friend he said, "oh..last week we were here there was a roach crawling across the bench," in the restaurant. "I hit it and went on with dinner." That's ok for some people, but not for me. Check your crunch when you eat here. I'm done.I've eaten here 5x before and this is the first time it's happened. That's why I gave it a 2 star. Too bad all it takes is once.
5	I stop by here fairly frequently for a tasty bite or delicious cocktail. Every time I am greeted with a fantastic experience. Service is always stellar, I've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and it's a great atmosphere for a business lunch, happy hour with friends, a date, or a late night hang out. My favorites on the menu are any sandwich in the pretzel roll, the pretzel bread app, coconut chicken strips, Mac and cheese, any of the salads, and more anything pretzel.There is usually a great special whether it's food or a drink of the day, and portions are generous so even though it's a hip place, it's reasonably priced. I love relaxing on the patio. Even when the weather is warm, it's usually comfortable out there with the shade and misters.
3	Black bean burger is really good, average ambience and finally the bad part fries are oily smelling
4	This is a fun place to have a drink. The bartenders are nice and they have a good selection of beer. Is location is great.  There are a lot of places to walk around nearby.
5	I came here back in March (A's Spring Training!) with my boyfriend to meet up with some friends who live in the area. It was easy to find and I loved that it wasn't too crazy when we were there. They still had happy hour going on so we grabbed a couple drinks and some bites. Our friends are regulars here and seemed to know exactly what to try! Fun music and friendly staff. I would love to return here and maybe sit outside next time!
5	The chips and dip are deliciousssss. Basically anything on the menu is bomb.com
5	Love the Mac and Cheese here! Officially my favorite Mac dish in the downtown phx area. You can add chicken for the meat lovers or just have veggies mixed in. You can also make it spicy for you Sriracha lovers. Prices aren't bad, they have a good happy hour menu, and every day they have a drink special for $3. Lastly, the employees there are really nice and helpful, my waitress Erica was very attentive and gave us options on what to try the next time we come back; which we will be coming back!Check it out!!
1	We went there for a night out last night. Firstly they do not clear the tables at all in the bar area. I finally had to just start clearing the table myself by bringing our used glasses to the bar. Secondly do not open a tab at the bar. The bartender on duty, a gentleman with earlobes that were large from a circular piercing, added his friend's drinks to my tab. I went to the bar to pay the bill and he hands me a credit card charge for $75.00. I asked for the itemized receipt and he reluctantly gave it to me. When I told him I hadn't had any absolute drinks he immediately took them off without question. Clearly he thought I was too drunk to notice and thought he could scam me. What a terrible business practice. Beware when you go here! Also it was very disappointing that the DJ stopped playing at midnight.
2	Very mediocre for the price.  Service was lacking.  Won't be returning.
5	SUNDAY FUNDAY! Breakfast nachos are the bomb! I love the mimosa price. We also split a burger and it was very good, but oh my breakfast nachos how I dream about you.
5	First thing first: Get over your fear of carbs and calories and try the mac and cheese. Don't worry about adding meat or veggies to it, the thick cheese is perfect as it is. The grilled cheese is also great, so anything with carbs and cheese will make you happy. Although the staff often forgets what the specials are, there is ALWAYS a cheap drink-of-the-day, and usually another deal as well (20% off all food, happy hours, etc.). They are also constantly supporting some kind of charity, so check out their website/facebook or the posters in the bathrooms to see what might be going on.Because the majority of their seating is outdoor, the warmer months are rather quiet in the restaurant. The staff is always pretty outgoing, so even a slow day offers a good time.A few imperfections: if you ask for a meal substitution, check your food before eating it. I've found meat in my food in MANY occasions, despite requests to make it vegetarian (usually at brunch). Also, the restaurant side and the bar side play different music at the same time. When you are outside the restaurant, you can usually hear both songs at the same time. Oh well.I've probably visited Bliss ReBar over 50 times. If I still lived in Phoenix, I'd likely be there this weekend.
5	Great bar. Great location in downtown, and excellent outdoor/indoor bars. They play good tunes and everyone there is having a good time. Highly recommended.
5	Bliss Rebar is definitely worth the drive from wherever you are in the metro area. Great food, drinks and service.
5	This place is amazing! The happy hour/weekend specials are such a bargain. The food is outstanding!!! From the breakfast nachos  and mimosas to the wine and cheese plate, this place has it all! One of my favorite places to go!
4	A little escape from the hustle and bussle of first Friday.The "yeah man"I really liked the fact they had a few bars and short lines during the crowded first Friday me and a friend got our drinks run and coke for me Malibu pineapple for her 12$ for both 2$ til cause I saw he hooked it up with liquor "my man!!" After a few a was feeling nice. We did see the menu but not hungry enough to eat will have to try another time.The badSome of the music was beyond corny lol I was shocked that a place that was so busy was playing old boring music no one seemed to care but that was my sign to make the move to another bar :-).OverallI will be back when I'm there for first Fridays and or any event downtown I def wanna try the food and I hope they will play some better music next time, "DJ hit me!!" :-)
5	Great food, service and ambiance. Reasonably priced, reasonably expensive, but worth it.
4	This place has a cool urban vibe, and mixed crowd, the patio is lovely and bartender Monique is very attentive and accomodating, the menu looks good but we usually just stop by for drinks. Its the closest thing to the Abbey in Phx.
5	I love rebar, there are tons of friendly people here-I almost always make new friends when I come. The drinks are always flowing, and the food is always good! My favorite dishes are the black bean burger, the jicama that comes with the wings, and the grits and shrimp. Definitely a good place for vodka mixers-less options when it comes to wine.
4	i heard about Bliss ReBar from a coworker so i decided to stop in on a sunday for brunch, yummy yummy yummy for sure....food was really good, drinks were better and the staff was great...will be on the re visit list for sure!
1	We came in again last Saturday. The food was fine but the service was terrible. We had a server who was very pale, pinkish blonde hair, and didn't smile. We aren't too picky and didn't care that much that we had to wave her over for things like water and coffee. We were more interested in enjoying our company but what I do have a problem with is getting orders wrong TWICE and not comping my roommates meal. She is lactose intolerant and gluten free so eating out can be stressful but breakfast is really easy. She ordered the chorizo scramble and wanted bacon added and no cheese. SO EASY. It came to her with NO BACON and EXTRA cheese. She sent it back. It came back with no cheese and NO BACON. She was so hungry at this point and we had finished eating so she just didn't say anything. I said something because it's ridiculous. I don't even think the woman apologized. When I mentioned she again did not get the bacon the woman just gave her a side. Not the same as having it in the scramble as she asked for. Twice at this point.You guys should not have charged her for the meal and certainly should not have charged her EXTRA for the very late bacon. I think I am giving up on saturday brunch at Bliss Rebar. So many other places get the customer service AND the food right.
5	They are awesome great bar staff remembers your name every time and drinks. Cool chill atmosphere Patrick is the best and Rudy is so polite I love their faces
4	Went with a large group and they were extremely accommodating. We ordered a bunch of the appetizers that were all very big  - my personal favorite was the hummus platter and Mac and cheese balls!! I got the grilled cheese less the bacon plus avocado and it was ok. Wouldn't get it again. Shared a bottle of wine for about $30 and everything was 20 % off which was awesome... Not sure why though. Salad dressing is amazing I would get that again. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful!!
5	We loved this place so much,  we came back three times on vacation.  Love the indoor and outdoor bar.  We enjoyed chatting with different staff each time and also the outdoor fireplace (sorta object).  Also,  drinks are average in price,  but 2 out of 3 times we had the special cocktail of the day and it was delightful and reasonable.
5	Looking for a place in downtown Phoenix that delivered a decent (non-pizza or Asian cuisine) meal.... success! I ordered the spicy mac & cheese (with chorizo and siracha) and it was quite possibly the best mac and cheese I've had in my life. The level of heat was just right and it was super creamy and delicious! It arrived probably 20 minutes earlier than quoted and was still very warm! There is a $15 food minimum for delivery, so I added on a dessert, the brownie with vanilla bean ice cream. The brownie was still warm when it arrived and they had the ice cream/sauce in a Styrofoam cup to keep it cold. It was perfect!Although I had a hard time choosing what to order for dinner, I'm not worried now because I'll definitely be ordering from here again. Awesome restaurant-quality food delivered warm to your door!
1	Not good. 30+minutes for sliders and the bartender asks if I want another drink and the. Ignores me. Stay away!!
3	Well,  I went there 15minutes before closing. . so I can't give a full review.  but Overall the atmosphere seemed nice and the few people that I saw were nice and friendly.   I'd have to go back during the peak time..
4	Went here for brunch the other weekend after a few friends recommended it. It was pretty yummy. I enjoyed the way they do mimosas where you get a bottle of champagne and a carafe of oj and you can make them as strong or as weak as you like. They food was also very good. They atmosphere there is very laid back and very laid back.  It was a nice way to spend a Sunday morning.
5	Awesome Place !  Great food and amazing sculptures!  The staff was so much fun !
4	Went for happy hour and had appetizers only. Great food, pretzel bread was delicious and the drinks were better. No complaints and I will be coming back.
4	The environment, the drinks, the prices, you've got to love it all. The perfect place for a date (as long as this is the kinda stuff she's into)
4	This review is for their open mic nights on Mondays. Every Monday they have an open mic night starting at 7:30. It is lottery based so you'll line up to pick a number and play based on the number you get. Depending on the number of people performing that night and the number you get, you could play anytime between 8pm and close. I came here to perform for my first time ever in front of a crowd and couldn't be happier with how it turned out. When I first got there, I had really bad jitters but after the first or two performance, I could really tell that there was a lot of support in the crowd. It's a great community with a lot of regulars and everyone there is really supportive. I highly recommend this place for first timers.
3	Let me preface this less than stellar review by saying I've been here a number of times in the evening and gotten drinks and apps.  The service, drinks and apps have always been good.But today, my husband and I went for Saturday late lunch and we sat inside b/c it's been freezing lately. Anyway, my only complaint is that my side salad had rotten leaves. You know how the purple leaves always rot first when you by the salad mixes and then their gunk gets on all the other stuff? That was the case.  I tried picking through it to eat the pieces that weren't rotten but decided it was not worth the trouble.  Either they don't pay enough attention or don't care enough about what comes out of their kitchen - regardless I just find it disappointing.  Everything else was fine-- well besides the troglodytes yelling at the too-loud Cardinal's game on TV.
5	In an attempt to lose a few pounds I ordered an appetizer for lunch, also thought I would steel some of my husband's mac n cheese. It was so highly recommended on the reviews. I ordered the romaine wraps with shrimp. Wow, mine was the hands down winner & entre' sized. I shared with him and still had plenty. He also thought mine was way better than his. I will return and order the exact same thing  again. I did not check the wine list but wished I had. They did have a good selection of craft beers on tap. The atmosphere was great, we sat inside as it was a bit chilly but the outside patio looked very inviting. Also Mo was a great server, she was fast and helpful and engaging. We will return for sure.
5	Lindsey you rock.  Best service since I can remember!!! thank you:). I will be back.  Donnie
