4	This place is really neat. At first I couldn't find it and the receptionist actually came outside and waved me down. It's in a business lot and it's kind of hidden- either that or I just was being blind. It's in the copper point business center on tropicana and eastern. I have only gone here twice and just for eyebrow wax so I can't give it a 5 star based just on that. But service wise it deserves a 5 star. This place is great they always answer your call or return your call, very accommodating, and professional. The waiting area is really relaxing and beautiful as well. Give it a try if you looking for a new place for skin services!  Open Monday - Friday.
4	This was my first microdermabrasion and I loved it. Of course its too early to see results but the whole experience was very personal and individual. Angie is super sweet, knowledgable and gentle. She has many years of experience and you can tell. First off the office is cutely decorated and u feel at home right away. Second the chair/bed you lay in is SO comfortable I could have fallen asleep. The microdermabrasion itself did not hurt and I asked alot of questions throughout the procedure that she answered and then some (she not only does your face but also your neck and chest). After the procedure she applied a super charged vitamin cream to my face then wiped if off with steamed towels, it felt so good. Next she applied a pumpkin/pomegranate peel (which I'm not gonna lie stung a little but quickly goes away) that stays on for 5-10 mins, which also got followed up with a wipe down with steamed towels. Next I received oxygen therapy to my face, neck and arms which felt very refreshing (btw all throughout the procedure she tells u the benefit of each thing she does and gives you tips on home remedies you can do to your face). The whole appointment included more than I could imagine and was the best price in town! She keeps her prices low because she loves what she does and her clients stay with her for years. I already have my second appointment next week and I'm so excited to finally have the smooth clear complexion I've always wanted! Each appointment is tailored made to your needs and what you want to correct/enhance. I definitely would recommend Angie to all my friends!!!
5	Went there and had a received a microdermabrasion. Loved it & $50 for one is relatively cheap.
5	I can't say enough good things about my experience with Angie. I came to her for help with this really bad acne breakout I'm having due to stress from school. I've had many facials and treatments before but never met someone to really care about my skin like Angie. She takes her time with me, asks me questions about all the things I am doing with my skin. She takes notes every time I see her. I've had several blue light therapies and on my 4th microderm, wow my skin has made such an improvement. This isn't your nice smelling oils/creams, high end, "fuffy" stuff (although it is a wonderful atmosphere) she really wants to you to achieve the best skin possible. I would recommend her to anyone who wants better looking skin with someone who cares.
5	Angie is extremely experienced and knowledgeable.  She also includes the use of a lot of techniques that most other places will charge you for separately.  I've had a lot of facials over my time and she is excellent.  SHe's also very nice indeed.I've always had the mix it up facial.  It does not include a lot of massage because Angie focuses on other things.  I expect there are other options that do include more massage though.
4	Firstly, I opted to get my hubby to have his facial, it being his 83rd birthday.  He had high marks for Angie.  Very professional and yet had a personal touch.  She had tips for him to do.  The facial room was so neat, sanitary and relaxing.Then it was my turn to have a skin consult which I found very unique.  Why not a free consult before the real thing.  Angie expressed positive comments on my skin and I felt she would be the person to keep my skin glowing the rest of my life!The hour I was waiting at the reception room, I could not help but take photos in the "panorama" feature of my iPhone 5s.  The whole office had a great ambiance and tastefully done.  I will book my facial for next week.
5	Today was my first experience with Angies Aesthetics. Very professional and knowledgeable. Thank you Shannon for such a wonderful session!! I had a mix it up facial and my skin feels better already!! I'll be back next week and extremely excited about it.
5	I just had my second visit with Shannon, and I cannot wait til my next! Angie and Bill are so friendly. This is the best service I have received from anywhere in a long long time, and I am used to high end service. they just don't come any more pleasant than here. Definitely going to be a long term customer!
5	Went in for my FIRST professional facial with Shannon last week and it was "wonderful".  Shannon described each steps and inform me about the benefits of each.  The price was great, but the service was even better.   Can't wait til next time.
5	I had a facial with Angie today and it was awesome! She is so knowledgeable and doesn't try to sell you a whole bunch of products. She cares more about what is best for your particular skin and the best way to improve and heal it. She also includes whatever treatments that are needed such as microdermabrasion and oxygen which a lot of other places charge an arm and a leg for separately. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
5	I have Shannon. I love science and am amazed at how much information Shannon knows. I have been to many skin care professionals in the past and none can compare to her. She explains each method clearly and she provides me with take home advice. My skin tends to be very dry and has several scars, but it is already looking better and feels amazing after one treatment. Shannon uses natural products that really help. I love this place, she really helps to reach the eventual goal of better skin.
5	I originally found Rebecca from a Groupon deal at another location and was so impressed by her services that I've followed her to Angie's Aesthetics.  The office is extremely clean and comfortable and the services they offer are very affordable. Rebecca makes me feel very comfortable, she is fun and energetic, and the level of care and professionalism is exceptional. She is great at explaining the treatments and I like that I have never felt a sales pitch or any pressure from her or the staff.  While I do try to take care of my skin at home, it definitely needs regular attention by a professional.  Since Rebecca started taking great care of me, my skin has never looked or felt so good.  Now I rarely have skin issues, but when I do, it's amazing how she can get in there and take care of it.  I seriously wish I had known her years earlier.   I wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone who's looking for a great aesthetician!
5	I worked at Angie's Aesthetics for a brief time, and all I can say is WOW.  The place is spotless, cozy and sweet.  The aestheticians are knowledgable in SO MANY different modalities, many of which most aestheticians have never even heard of. The facial you receive here will not be at all like what you're used to.  It will be tailor-made for you, and you will see visible changes. Your skin will be dewy and bright and feel awesome. The owners and kind and friendly. There is no sales pressure of any kind here. But ask questions!  The staff is happy to help you learn how to care for your skin and look your best. You will be in good hands, literally.
4	Friendly staff, clean facility, easy parking. I got a microdermabrasion with extractions for the Yelp deal price of $60 for $85. Good value for the service...although I can't say the microderm really helped. That is not a reflection on Angie's Aesthetics though...they performed as promised, and I would recommend them to anyone looking for skincare services.
5	I have came here serval times and every time is a great experience. The staff is amazing and ever since coming here my face has improved a lot.
