5	I have a cat, so this review is cat-centric.Great independently owned pet store.  They only carry more premium foods, so if you feed your cat Fancy Feast or Cat Chow, don't come here for that sort of thing.  Also only carry the more eco-friendly cat litters - no Tidy Cats here!  Friendly staff, and the prices are not much more than you would be paying at Petco or similar places.  Of course, you don't get the huge selection either, but this is my go to place for buying food, litter, and random toys.It makes me feel good to be supporting a local establishment.  Try it - you might find that you like it too.
1	That is a great cat they have working, but they only have 3 brands of cat food, all of them expensive.  Funny enough though not as expensive as what I was looking for.  They followed me around like I was going to stuff my pockets and that just ruined the whole mom and pop thing.
5	Smiley's is wonderful... filled with things to keep our trio of cats well-fed, well-treated, and well-entertained. Certainly this is not a big box store, but, honestly, I wouldn't give my pets 99% of the food, treats, or toys that can be found in those stores, so, really, Smiley's offers me a better selection of what I actually want than any big box does. (They have a very good selection of toys for cats!)  And Smiley's takes bulk orders and has the food within a few days... saving us the trouble of schlepping out to the 'burbs.
5	Not really an update so much as a plea to the Yelp community. If you are needing pet supplies and live in the Point Breeze/Shadyside/Squirrel Hill/East Liberty area, please PLEASE consider stopping by and supporting this store. With the new PetSmart (or is it Petco?) open down the street where Borders used to be, this independently owned store is under a lot of pressure to survive. Given that the prices are not that different, please give this place a shot. I'm not super anti-chain stores, but I AM pro-independent stores (does it have to be a zero-sum game?).
