4	I've always gone to Men's Wearhouse for nice things. I think the prices are good and they have good deals..
5	Great service. Rocky was a great help in finding clothes that fit just right.
1	Avoid this location! With just one single tux rental, I had a plethora of issues. Sabrina was the one "helping" me with my tux. At the time of measurement, I was unable to place my deposit because she shut her computer off making me call back 3 times on the three following days just to give my card number for the deposit, she lost my measurements, had my pickup scheduled an hour away from my original pickup location, and after driving all over Arizona, I found that she had given the wrong shoe and pant size at pickup. I will never be returning to this location and I am skeptical about the local Men's Warehouse locations due to significant lack of both help and any sense of apologetic behavior.
4	Went to Men's Warehouse for a custom size shirt hopeing it would be available in stock; it WAS!  Great service, listened to my needs, and met my expectations. THANK YOU MEN'S WAREHOUSE!
4	We were in desperate need for a last minute suit for my husband.  We had a funeral to attend and Men's Warehouse had us in an out of the store in less than an hour and they were able to expedite the alterations and we came back a few hours later and picked up the suit.  The service was great and they really helped us out in a time of need.  I highly recommend Men's Warehouse and we will definitely return.
4	My sister is getting married and I needed to buy a suit.  I came here to see what the selection was and was happy. The sales person we dealt with (Todd Mittness) was pleasant and not pushy. I like the variety and I was able to make a choice. Our sales person was very informative about altering the pants and jacket which I thought was helpful. The seamstress was a guy who promptly took my measurements.  When my wife was paying for the suit our salesperson was again very helpful. She had found some coupon that ended up not applying to a purchase; it was only for a rental. He helped her look on line for another one which I appreciated. I'm looking forward to picking up my suit!  On a side note, it seems like they are really trying their hand at selling jackets for more casual use bit it looks like my dad put the outfits together. I've always felt that it's hard to wrong here for a classic suit but be careful with the rest. Unless you're planning on going on vacation and purposely wanting to look like a tourist.
2	UPDATE...I struggle to write this update because everyone at this store was very nice and attentive. You will have to decide what to make of the information. So, I go to pick up the suite I bought for my sisters wedding and the hem was terrible. It looked cheap to be honest. So I point it out and they start to look at it. That's when things took a turn for the worse. The girl that was looking at it said that because the material was not the best quality it had a tendency to look that way and that I basically was getting what I paid for. I told her I didn't pick the suit and that I wouldn't have bought it if the guy told me it was cheap. I guess he figured I couldn't afford a good suit. Maybe I should thank him for trying to save me money!  At any rate, I took the suit back for a refund because I couldn't get the idea out of my head that I'd be walking around my sister's wedding in a cheap suit.  What bothers me is that I would have happily paid for a nicer suit!!  At any rate, there's my suit story.
5	WOW the entire staff here was absolutely AMAZING !!!  I walked in new to AZ from Hawaii with no suits, shirts, ties, socks, or shoes !!!  By the end of my experience I had EVERYTHING I needed !!! 6 suits, 20 shirts, Ties, Shoes, Cufflinks !!!  AND everything was CUSTOM TAILORED !!! While I was extremely impressed with QUALITY of product, it was the expert staff that was what really sold me ALEX helped me a TON and I wasn't until about my 3rd trip there that I found out he was the STORE MANAGER !!!  He carried himself with such class and humility I never would have imagined, his professionalism should have been a dead giveaway :-) I give this place 5 stars because they won't let me give 10 STARS !!!  I will be back and I will send all my friends and family !!!
