5	OMG OMG OMG Korean BBQ!This is the first place I ever tried any sort of Korean BBQ and it's by far my favorite.  I think based on the fact that everyone else in the restaurant except for my wife and son were speaking Korean that this is a pretty authentic place.Oh, and the menu is mostly in Korean too, and even the parts that are English don't really make much sense and some of the descriptions are horrifying to my uneducated ignorant eyes (you'll know when you see them).  Fortunately there's lots of pictures and I picked the simple Chicken BBQ plate and whooo boy it's super awesome fantastic.The serving staff all speak English and are really helpful in telling you what is what, but all you need to know is to order BBQ Chicken, Pork or Beef and you'll be happy.  After ordering the server will bring over 8 or 9 little dishes each filled with some sort of Korean appetizer.  There's lots of Kim Chi which I'm told is excellent, but I'm a coward.  The potatoes, though were excellent as were several other things that I tried.  If you finish any of the little bowls you can ask for more at no charge.  When the meal comes out you're in a for a great treat!  Each plate comes out sizzling like when you get fajitas.  They're piled high (really high) with your choice of seasoned meat and onions.  And they also give you a big bowl of rice.  Each bite is heaven.  Oh man, just thinking about it right now just before lunch is driving me insane.  I think I'm going to have to drag Lindsay down there tomorrow night.We love bringing our friends here.Hodori is tucked away in a strip mall full of other Asian stores and restaurants.  Its decor is blah, but the staff is nice.  If you're not Korean, don't be surprised if you're the only non-Korean there.I can't wait to go back.  I must go back.
4	The food here is a tad pricey, but I forget that most Korean places will bring out their array of side dishes (kimchi, potatoes, anchovy, seaweed?, etc.) Other than that, I'm used to my BBQ having more of a BBQ flavor. Yes, that charred, I'm going to give you cancer eventually carcinogen flavor - don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about! The flavor was still really good but not exactly 5 star quality. , Pluses are that they refilled side dishes! I've never been to any other Korean place that offered. They also refill your drinks, abd the kimchi doesn't make your mouth feel like its going to burn off.  =) All in all, its a very nicely decorated mom and pop run place that makes really quality food.
5	Me and my wife love this place. it is so great.  the best korean in arizona.  we always have korean tofu soup since coming for the the bay area. it was hard to find good korean food and this place is it.
3	if you are craving korean food in the middle of the desert aka arizona, Hodori will do.the food was your lower end quality korean food.  the restaurant used a lot of msg but that's what makes the food taste good so it was fine...for one meal.some of the dishes were outrageously expensive such as jabche (stir-fried vermicelli with vegetables) and hehmoolpahjun (seafood pancakes) for about $15 each.the lunch menu was reasonable around $10 per meal [main dish + bowl of rice + ban chan (side dishes)].  the servings were average but refills on the banchans were generous.  the servers were kind and the atmosphere was comfortable.after 3 days without korean food, Hodori hit the spot.  however, i'd have liked it so much more if the cook used less msg and patiently simmered beef / pork / chicken for broth.  i'd like to see korean restaurants step it up and preserve traditional quality korean cooking ...even in the middle of the desert.
4	Pretty good Korean food.... IMO.I lived in Korea Town, Los Angeles for a few years and would walk to our local souju spots and our local Korean BBQ spots with great frequency, so I ate a lot of Korean food.  This place is about as good as the Hodori in Los Angeles, which I would rate 3 stars, but this place gets 4 being in the middle of the desert with little else to compare.  Hodori, LA is literally surrounded by 100 other KBBQ spots.Anyway, service is whatever..... nothing special, which is to be expected at a Korean establishment.  Sides are pretty good and they are good about refilling them.Two of us usually share one bbq dish and are perfectly full at the end after devouring the meal with all the sides.  Oh, and a good boba spot is right next door... kbbq then boba, ftw!
3	Good bulgogi, and a spicy octopus platter I forgot the name of.  I'd visit again, but my eyes tear whenever I walk into the place- not their fault I'm allergic to *.
4	3 words:Soon.  Doo.  Boo.  that is all.
4	Really good Korean food.If you are Asian you probably have already known about this place through relatives!  It's has the best tofu soup in Arizona. The meat dishes are also yummy too. One thing I've  tried and didn't care for much were the Korean pancakes... they weren't very flavorful at all. The ambiance is average, the music is bizarre. If you really are looking for a true authentic experience I would try visiting Takamatsu, but overall good food!
3	For starters:I am an american that grew up in a very korean dense population. My best highs chool girl riend's family ran the best Korean restuarant in town so i am a bit spoiled.  That being said, I hadn't had any korean food in about 5 years, I started having cravings that wouldn't go away. Bulgogi and kimchee are my favorites. I suggested Korean food for a date one night.Atmosphere: Was fine,very casual nothing to write home about american family resturant style. I had REALLY hoped for table top cooking because I think it is just more fun that way. makes things more festive. I also like a bit more traditional korean decor.Service: I had a Teenage Korean American girl who spoke perfect english and was polite but not very attentive. She looked like she hated her after school job.Food: It was good but not great. We both ordered Bulgogi Which came in HUGE piles on sizzling plates witha layer of White onion underneath.the flavor was good but it was bit dry. The Side dishes were excllentt, I loved the Kimchee(the white radish and cabbage),potatoes and the sprout salad. Yummy.Wine: First time I had korean wine at all. We chose the rice wine that came in a wooden bown. We both loved this. My date is Indian and they have a regional drink that is identical he was so excited when he realized. It was sweet mild and I really liked itOverall, I liked the place and would definitely go back.We are trying a new Korean Place tonight so I am interested to see how they match up.
1	I was craving tofu soup one night so I checked this place out based on all the positive reviews.  The tofu was soft and flavorful.  Several other tables ordered their BBQ meats, which also looked/smelled good.  The side dishes were OK but not as many options as other Korean restaurants I have been to.  They have the basics - kimchee, cucumber, radish, sprouts.  Overall, the food was better than I expected for a place in Phoenix.Now to the bad: the service was absolutely atrocious, if you can call that service at all.  It is a sign of bad service when every table in the restaurant is looking around for someone to help them.  We waited 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us and take our order.  Another 40 minutes for the food.  The side dishes come with the entrees so don't count on them when you are starving.  The tofu came without rice, which took another 10 minutes.  All this time, you have to flag the waiters multiple times if you want a refill of water or anything else.  Even when they make eye contact, they ignore you.  People actually left their tables to go to the service area and help themselves!  There were no apologies from the waiters for the wait.  They did not even smile.  The very worst part of the meal was paying.  Naturally, we were not able to get our checks at the table, so we lined up at the cashiers table behind another group.  (Keep in mind there is no cashier so we had to wait for a waiter to decide we were worth his time of day.)  When it came our turn to pay, the waiter blew right past us without help us!  Luckily, another waiter finally saw us and got us our check.  I wish we could have given him all the tip.This may be the only Korean place in Phoenix, but I will hold out for when I go to LA.  Even if they have unfriendly service, at least they are efficient.
3	I would've gone for just under four stars, given the option, because the food was pretty good at best and the service was polite, but slow. I went there on Wednesday, 1/7/09, around 7 p.m., with my BF for his first eat-out Korean dinner. It's in the northwest corner of Dobson and Southern, just north of the gas station, in the same shopping center as Oregano's and Saketini. Mostly, I wanted to try to find tofu soup--crazy-soft tofu pieces in flavorful spicy broth with whatever add-ins you want, from seafood to beef to mushroom to kimchi. YOM. You could smell the spice and sizzle (much of their dishes are served on hot plates, and meat always gives off a certain smell when charred up deliciously like that). Decorations were sparse and the lighting was almost a little too bright, like cafeteria-bright, with the tables and chairs set up diner-style, in neat rows. It wasn't packed (one half of the restaurant, I guess an overflow section, was dark until a couple showed up later), but business was steady. There was a big group of athletic-looking Koreans in the middle of the room having a seriously happy chow-down (everything looked good) and several Korean and mixed families and couples.The hostess/waitress waved at us from across the restaurant to ask how many seats we'd need, then waved us to a table. After that, it was a bit of a wait before we got menus. They had an interesting selection, and by that I mean appetizing, choices and decent prices, with entrees starting at $9 and capping in the $20s. They also have a decent selection of lunch specials. It was a somewhat agonizingly long time before anyone came to take a drink order. By the time our polite, attentive waitress came, we were ready to put in our entire order, so we put in for drinks (which came quickly), goon mandu (dumplings) for an appetizer, short ribs, and tofu soup with pork and mushrooms.The dumplings came without our getting impatient, and they were pretty tasty--slightly crisped wrappers and plenty of filling. Shortly after we finished, we received our banchan (traditional Korean appetizers on several small plates). I doubt I can remember all of them, but it included kimchi, kak tu gi (radish kimchi), gam-ja (braised potato and carrot), k'ong na mul (bean sprout salad), seaweed salad, and one or two other dishes, which was more than enough for both of us. We thought everything tasted just fine. After we'd enjoyed the banchan for about 5-10 minutes, they brought our little bowls of rice, then our little pile of short ribs on a sizzling plate (with a polite warning not to burn our hands off) served over raw, thickly slivered onions, and after a few moments longer, our tofu soup in a little hot clay pot. They also brought a raw egg in case we wanted one cracked in. The ribs were good, but just a little tough--they're supposed to be that way, but if you're expecting something the consistency of all-day braised short ribs, these aren't them. I loved the tofu soup--eat it as soup or over rice, which is ten times better. It was AWESOME, but I"m biased because it's like comfort food to me. Soft, creamy tofu curds in spicy broth (they ask you how spicy you'd like it, if you want it spicy at all), and just enough pork and mushrooms to still keep it tofu soup. It hit the spot.The wait staff was pretty good about keeping my BF's glass of diet coke filled, and that was a feat in itself. It kind of took awhile for someone to bring the check, but when they did, they brought a few tasty coffee candies. We considered desserts, but we couldn't find any in the regular menu or on any special menus.Overall, the service may have been a little slow, but it wasn't for lack of trying--plating and delivering and clearing the banchan plates alone can be a Herculean task. We really enjoyed the food and plan to go back again. Our overall dinner was a bit pricey because of the short ribs, but it would be easy to get away with a $25 dinner for two if you went for a couple tofu soups and a couple of non-alcoholic drinks.
4	So far, our experience on Asian dinning in AZ has been..well, less than average.  But tonight, we were pretty content with the food at Hodori.  Finally, a place we can put on our list of fav restaurants in AZ.*Price = a little over priced.*Portions = the meat dishes gives you a huge pile.*Side dishes = they were ok.*Service = very polite but a little slow paced.
5	Best Korean restaurant that I know about in this state.  Sometimes the service is terribly slow, and the owners seem to keep changing, and the side dishes are not the greatest, but the chef must stay the same, because the food always stays the same, excellent!Update 12/12/09.  Consistently excellent always.  Friendly service (and fast!).  Best Korean in the state.
5	I went here last night and the food was right on! I come from NYC and I know good Korean food when I see it, and Hodori has great Korean food. The side dishes are so much better and there are so much variety than other Korean restaurants that I've been to in AZ. This place always seems busy whenever I come, but I'm sure there's a good reason for that... their food is awesome! Try the seafood pancake for an appetizer and one of the great bbq's on the menu (I like the kalbi). the portions are huge and the side dishes will fill you up! They don't have dessert on the menu, but they give fresh fruit at the end of the meal. YUM!
4	When comparing this place to the previous Hodori of days past it has gone down hill considerably. I have seen it's ups and downs but with changing of hands as if it were currency this place has been through a lot. The current owner who ever it maybe is doing it a little better than the others but that's not a far reach from them. This like a few other Korean places in town specializes in Tofu stew. The stew here when it first opened many many years ago was very good. This restaurant if you think about it changed the way many Korean restaurants are done here now. The way the food is, the look and I have to say the onset of the tofu epidemic to AZ. The stews are good right now with lots of flavor and and great portions of meat in them if you get the pork or beef. The stir fry pork bellys with spicy kimchee is my favorite and the spicy octopus stir fry is good as well.There aren't a lot of Korean restaurants here in the valley but I have to say when Hodori is on point they are good. As far as service goes, it is a hit or miss. But what place isn't like that. I have had days where at Denny's I have spectacular service but poor service here. I just don't expect anything more from Arizona Korean restaurants since it's not like LA.
4	The Kimchi Jjigae (stew/soup) is great! One of the best I've had in town next to my mom's though. She makes the best. The next favorite item is the pork bulgogi bbq. These are the only two things I get every time I go so I can't really comment about the other stuff. The side dishes they bring out are okay but again I keep comparing everything to my mother's cooking so everyone else is not really getting a fair chance. Price:  A bit pricey but the portion is large. $11-15 range for the dishes I mentioned. Two people can split a dish.Atmosphere: Mostly Korean's as customers, relaxed nothing special, and crowded after church on Sundays.Service: hit or miss, be patient, no one is trying to give bad service on purpose, relax, get up and ask for something if you can't bare it any longer. (it really depends on how many servers are working and how busy it is)Top two Korean food place in town. (they have awesome stews/soups)
4	Finally found a decent Korean restaurant around town.  I finally had the LOVELY kimchi taste in my mouth once again.  The menu is a bit over priced but the food is great.  Nothing like LA but it's acceptable.  I've been to Hodori numerous times and got exceptional service every time.  All the FOH staff has a smile on their faces and extremely polite.  The portion sizes are fairly big so one order could probably fill up two people.
3	In Short: Better than average food, but awful service.  Try the stew, pretty damn tasty.Used to be the best Korean place in town but there have been a steady decline in the last few years.  Quality is a little down but the service seems to have taken a cliff dive without a parachute.  Takamatsu is probably the best Korean in town these days.The korean stews in the stone bowls are so amazing, I pretty much go here for that and the bulgogi.  This may not look very appetizing but try the pork salad, it's a behemoth collection of greens topped with pickled pig feed sliced thinly, very tasty.  The accompanying small dishes are pretty delicious too, but they used to give better quality stuff like real fish, and tofu cakes.  I still go here occasionally for the food but I wish they get a clue about customer service.
4	I've tried few korean restaurants here in phoenix. but this place probably has more of my flavors than any other.even with their extensive choices of their soon tofu hot pot, it wasn't as good as it is in LA.their rice dishes and summer specials are good, from traditional stone pot bibimbap to cold noodle soups. I also enjoyed their bulgogis... but found that pork one was too sweet for my taste bud.one of my favorites were korean sausage soup with pork innards, oyster, pork and nappa cabbage plate with radish kinchi, and monk fish braised in spicy sauce.I would not recommend fermented soybean paste stew.I found that meat was too gritty.
3	All of the food I have had here is tasty coming from a person who has never had Korean food before. I really like their tofu hot pots, they come with big servings a big ol cauldron bowl. The two times I have been here I went in the afternoon at like 2 or 3 I think and the service was slow and unattentive, they didn't take our drink order (though they did bring water) and didn't come back with the bill for a long time. I imagine like EVERY resteraunt the service is better during peak hours or at least when you aren't the only customer, but it would have been nice to get a little more attention.The place is decently large and the dining area is very clean.
3	First of all, I want to state that the food is pretty good and the portions are huge. I would've been ok with a bit less food and less pricey.I have been to this place twice for lunch with coworkers. At first I just thought the service is awful, and it takes a LONG time for the food to arrive. Eventually I realized that this place might actually be racist. If you are not asian/korean or if you come with people that are not asian/korean, you get served last. I have observed that Koreans that came in way later than we did were already served with their meals while we waited, waited, and waited some more. This observation really hit home when it was independently verified by a friend as he mentioned he observed the exact same thing. And he's half Korean. So there you go. If you are not Korean, expect crappy service and get your food after all the Koreans have been served, even if they came in way after you did.Update: We did an experiment the other night after playing tennis with a group of friends. We went there with majority of asian people (3 of us asian and one non-asian person, with one that can at least pronounce the food in Korean). And surprise! Prompt service. So...food is good there, service is to be desired depending on who you go with....
4	My wife and I went here with another couple last night.  All of us are very white and very non-Korean so I was concerned about the service we would receive after reading a few reviews on Yelp.  I was actually pleasantly surprised with the service.  Our waiter was very friendly and fast and answered any questions with a smile.It was about 7pm on a Wednesday night and the place wasn't too crowded.  There were probably 15 other people in the place who were all of Asian decent so you know the place is the real deal.  The ambiance is a bit cafeteria-like but it didn't matter because I was there for a new culinary experience as this was my first time eating Korean food.Now about the food....After they take your drink and food orders, your table is given 6 or 7 small appetizers.  I don't remember what everything was but I do remember the kimchi.  I've never had it before but I know it is a Korean dining staple so I gave it a shot.  I was not a fan of it and probably won't ever have it again, but it was interesting to say the least.Here is what we ordered:* Mushroom Soon Tofu soup with beef - the soup is what this place seems to be known for judging by the Yelp reviews so I had to order it.  The bowl came out boiling hot which was good because we opted for the raw egg to be cracked and put into it right before it was served.  The soft tofu was a bit different to me but the soup had good flavor and a nice kick.  I would order it again but I'd like to try other ingredients such as prawns, etc.* Short ribs - this is secretly why I wanted to come here.  I was told they were awesome and they were.  The marinate\sauce was not overpowering and they were very tender.  I will for sure order these again.* BBQ chicken - not the leanest or best cut of chicken but it was very good and flavorful.  Again, the sauce\marinade was not too strong.* Octopus in spicy sauce - this was the "crazy" dish for me for the evening.  I enjoy fried calamari and squid/octopus salad, but larger chunks of squid or octopus scare me a little.  I mean they weren't real big chunks but big enough to where you see you are eating a bunch of those little suction cup thingys that octopi have.  Between that and the chewiness of each bite made my stomach turn a bit.  However, the dish had good flavor and a nice kick thanks to the red sauce they bathed it in.  I'm not sure I would order this again.Anyway, I would definitely come back again.  I enjoyed the service and would like to try other tofu soups and some of the other meat dishes.  I really want to try the bbq ribeye and bbq pork dishes in addition to more of that chicken and those short ribs!
5	I love this place best korean in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
4	Delicious Korean bbq dishes, perfectly cooked with a deep smokey flavor in each bbq bite.  They also have good seafood pancake (haemul pajeon) and decent tofu soups.
4	Hodori is one of my favorite Korean BBQ restaurants on this side of town.  I love everything from their spicy tofu soup to the kimchi pancake!  I've had most of the menu throughout the years and must say that their entrees are so delicious.  Their stone rice bowls are amazing.  The portion sizes here are pretty big so it's always idea to share.  The staff is always super friendly, the place is always clean, and you'll never walk away hungry.
4	"yummy, authentic, local Korean restaurant!" - 4/5 We were so happy when we found out about Hodori. Since I was first introduced by my Korean friend Kristy to Hodori, I have been dragging J there for at least 4 times now. We always ordered spicy tofu + seafood soup, seafood pancake, bulgolgi beef and jap chae when we were there. The service is fast and good. Even though the price is a bit higher but it is worth the price. You won't be too disappointed with Hidori!
2	Got soft tofu soup.They mixed up our order.My bf thought his soup was bland while I was burning up and breathing fire lol.The food was mediocre, aside from the mix-up.Priced a lot higher than what its worth.Small portions.
5	Always outstanding.  Try the pork bulgogi.  Terrific!  It's all authentic, and now including steel chopsticks. The only thing that would be better at a really good place in Koreatown, California would be the side dishes.
4	Went to this place as we were passing through Phoenix on our way back to California. I must say I was very impressed, not only with the food but also by the service. We got two orders of Neng Myun, an order of Kalbi, and two OB's. I heard this place is really known for their Soon Tofu, but it was 114 degrees outside so we decided to pass. The dude taking our order was really attentive, nice, and buff. If you're looking for a white table cloth joint, this is not the place for you. It looks like a gutted Mexican restaurant. The place is pretty big with a lot of open space so definitely good for the kids.
4	As horrible as this sounds, I'm used to Korean restaurants on the east coast. Translation: Amazingly authentic food + terrible service if you're white. Not that I blame them.This place was amazing. Easily the best Korean food that I've ever had. The service was so wonderful and quick that I almost forgot I was a white person in a Korean restaurant. It was a very classy experience even though the place is sort of set up like a cafeteria.My only complaint is that I wish they had more Bibimbap options. There were only two. But I suppose that's because there is an emphasis on the BBQ portion of the menu. The price to me was worth it.
5	Absolutely incredible!!  Great service, great food, great prices.  Definitely worth every penny!
4	Finding good Korean food in the Phoenix area = not easy, and this place is more than decent. I love the tofu soup and the kimchi/pork pancake, although both could be spicier. The dolsot bibimbap is also good and the kalbi well-seasoned.  Good selection of panchan each time I've come in.  I miss tabletop grilling, and the food is a little pricey for what you get, but definitely worth it!
4	This is my favorite Korean restaurant in PHX area just because of one, and only one dish: Yook Gae Jang; I might even think about marrying a Korean girl over this soup; This soup is one of my highly recommended hangover cures; The menu has changed since the original owner a few years ago.  I made a bold move and tried the Goni Chim (Cod intestines) and the Nakji Bokum (oktopus & noodles), don't ask why, but they were both very delicious, since I don't know exactly how they are supposed to taste like, (I took my friends words, that it is good); I did enjoy them though; I do like the seafood pancake.  I just wish they will serve it in smaller size.  The Chok Kalbi (ribs) and the Bulgogi (beef) are both delicious, at times the meat can be slightly over cooked or not as tender.The Al Tang (fish egg soup) and Yul Mu kimchi Neng Myun were both delicious.  The setup is very simple, and have to lower some service expectations.
5	A mighty fine place: the banchans, soondobu, panjul [seafood pancake] the best i;ve had-- better than the koreans places in NYC.
4	Love this place.  I stop by for lunch whenever I come up to Phoenix from Tucson.  Their soft tofu soups are so delicious!
4	Very good Korean food.  The lunch specials are excellent and they don't mess around with the spices.  The side dishes are all very good.  I'm coming back for dinner with an appetite.
5	Ohhh, how I miss this place! Moved almost 4 years ago and go back to visit every year and make a special stop! The Dawgee Bolgoki and the Kalbee always call us home. When we first starting coming the owners would hand us pictures to see what we wanted. Then the "English" menu came out and we learned what it is was that we were ordering. I love Hadori's. The kids always called it the "Kitty Kat place" due to the tigers painted on the windows. If you like Korean or want to try you must stop here!
4	Not the most generous of Korean places (i.e. their small appetizer plates that start the meal are a bit meager) but other than that complaint, I really like this place.  (Also conveniently located next to a Korean market in the event you get inspried to make your own meals).  The stews are delicious and the bulgulgi isn't too sweet.  I really like their bibimbap.  If you don't mind smelling of garlic for a week, check it out.
5	So I want to eat some REAL GOOD Authentic Korean Food and moms not cookin...There are Korean restaurants in the Valley and then there is HODORI.  Hodori is the pinnacle of Korean Food in the valley and there is no close second.  The food is consistent and the service is outstanding.  How do you know if a Korean restaurant has good food?  Look around...If there are a lot of Asians eating there and it's always packed, then that's a good sign your at the right place.  Let's start with the banchan (small side dishes)...They are always fresh and plentiful and they have the best kimchi I have had at ANY Korean restaurant (LA and NYC)!  Kalbi and Bulgogi are done perfectly and not too salty or sweet.  Soon Doobu chigaes are perfect.  If your feeling adventurous than try the spicy Squid or Octopus stirfry...again perfect.  The true foodie needs to try some of the hard core dishes like Ah Gu Jim or one of their many different Jungols (Hot Pot).  They do all the basic Korean dishes to perfection and the more traditional ones better than grandma!  I can also say that their quality and freshness is outstanding which sadly is not always synonomous with most Korean Restaurants.  What puts HODORI over the top is the great staff...I didn't think it was humanly possible to smile that much!  Also the owner with the strange spiked hair style is a really nice guy that goes out of his way to make sure your happy even though I found out he's a NY fan (Yankees, Jets and Knicks)...hey, no one is perfect.  All in all there is a reason HODORI is the most well known Korean Restaurant in Phoenix, they've consistantly delivered the real deal with no compromise.
4	Korean Food + Me = true love.  I adore Korean food.  I'm not kidding. It's probably my favorite cuisine.  If you haven't tried it, you should.  My typical favorites are kimchi jigae (spicy tofu/kimchi/pork soup), Haemul pajeon (seafood pancake), Galbi (short ribs), oh jing oh duk bokki (spicy squid with rice cakes), Bibimbap (rice bowl with veggies and bulgogi), mul mandu (dumplings)... I could go on and on.  If it's your first time with Korean food and you're not very adventurous, get the Galbi and JapChae noodles or Bibimbap (but be sure to try the side dishes (called panchan).  If you're in for the adventure and heat... see my list above! :)Hope and dread were the battling in me when I left CA and realized I'd have to find Korean food here in AZ.  Turned out to be a needless battle though as the Phoenix area continues to surprise me with their hidden and limited but delicious, authentic fare...Yum yum Hodori!  This was my first taste of Phx area Korean food and I have to say, I was impressed!  It's much better than I expected it to be.  They have an extensive menu so I ordered Bibimbap, Kimchi jigae, and Galbi.  It was all good.  The panchan was tasty, too.  I still crave LA Korean food sometimes but this was definitely good enough to return to, many time.See ya there!
2	Meh. I've experienced better. menu not big enough for me. pretty blah.Soju (like Korean vodka) was the best part.. that shit will have you walking around in the streets with yo' pants off.                                          *you....have.been.warned.*
3	The dishes are excellent. Traditional flavouring and spices in all their dishes including with their condiment dishes. Service is mediocre to below satisfactory.  That's okay because when I go to an ethenic restaurant, I don't go there for service;  I go there for authtentic tasting dishes. Ergo, this is not a restaurant for holding a junket or power meetings.
4	Hummm I had no poblem with the service that other people mentioned here.  It was a relatively busy Wednesday evening when I walked in (just me) craving some korean goodness.  I was greeted and seated promptly.   After a short wait I ordered a Heit (beer) and the Kalbi (shortribs).  I  found it a bit pricy at 19.95 for the kalbi but I  had enough for 2 people  including the dishes they serve to accompany your entree. So that lessened the sting a bit. The kalbi came sizzling on a bed of onions. Well marinaded and very tasty.  I couldn't get enough of the kimchi or the dakon or that tofu or the potatoes....yum it was all quite good. As it is next to one of my favorite places to pick up a boba drink (The Street) there is no doubt I will be here again.  Maybe during Happy Hour when they offer food and drink specials.
2	As I think of my $80 tab and try and remember anything memorable about the meal, I stare off into the distance and forget to breathe through my nose.....Beef bulgogi was run of the mill and the wee sized pot of steamed rice was, well, wee.Nakji Dol Pan (Octopus stir fried with chili paste) was spiced properly and pretty tasty, but had no contrast and was getting monotonousTonkatsu (breaded pork cutlet) was pedestriankimchi and accoutrement were also pretty bland.eheheh
5	Awesome food. I've gone here on several occasions so I've tried a variety of dishes. The sides are great. I've had their bulgogi, bibimbap, a hot soup (can't remember the name), and a cold noodle dish (it was spicy and sweet) - all were delicious. Service is slow, but the boys are polite - the ladies can be a bit frustrated with you - once my family and I asked for wooden chopsticks, we hate the metal ones, and the waitress seemed annoyed. But honestly, the service doesn't bother me - not when the food is this good!
4	In all Korean restaurant I have eat in AZ, I place Hodori second. Go eat with my sister for lunch. Since she know all Korean, I let her order. The service is nice but it seems they are understaffed but I can't complain because it is a busy lunch. The kimchi soup go out first. I like it! Hot, sweet, salty, and sour combine all in one. Yes! Score! Then the barbecue meat with rice. It is pretty okay for me but the meat is a bit tough. I though Korean barbecue beef always tender? However, minus one star for the bathroom. I really lose my appetite when come to the bathroom. It is really dirty. They should have cleaned. Until it clean, this remain 4 stars.
4	Sooo yummy!!! I love their kalbi it's the bomb and they give u a lot but it's expensive. About twenty dollars for that plate but it comes w rice and all the side dishes. If u want tofu soup then this is the best place to go in AZ cuz they have great variety w the cheapest prices. It's cheaper than chodang in Chandler and comes w more tofu too. I Really enjoy this place but don't come often cuz of the price. Their lunch specials are great though from 11-1 I think it's half off for Korean bbq but only on weekdays.
2	When I ask if tofu can be substituted for Kalbi, I'm not saying, "Is it possible?" Obviously it is, and that's what I want, so don't say, "No, we can't do that". Yes. Yes you can.That micro-altercation aside, the food was overpriced and pretty bland. I (shamefully) dumped half the kimchi sauces in my Dol Pan Bibimbap (which literally translates to stone plate mixed meal.. it's composed of mushrooms, spinach, egg, bean sprouts, and carrots over rice on a hot plate-bowl), which then became palatable, but nothing special. On the upside, the vegetables were fresh and plentiful, but the rice didn't even get crispy, which is the best part of rice in hot stone dishes.. and there was no tofu to mix it with, which means I'll be going elsewhere because a) Dol Sot  is better than Dol Pan and b) No other restaurant tells a customer straight "No."
4	A solid 3.5 stars (I'm Korean and was raised in L.A.,  so my standards are pretty high).  Like Mexican and Chinese food, good Korean food is another thing that is hard to come by in the Valley (near Tempe).  The only places that I think are even worth mentioning are: Chodang, Hodori, and Takamatsu.  All three have their pros and cons.  I have posted separate reviews of Chodang and Takamatsu.  Besides going to Chodang and Takamatsu for specific reasons, Hadori is where my husband and I go if we have unspecified hankerings for Korean food.  They have a wide range of offerings and they are all pretty good, and my husband likes their BBQ the best.
4	I had heard of this place for a while in AZ.  So i was looking forward to trying it with my the Asian professionals meetup group that I belong to.  I usually get the bibimbap but the one in the hot stone pot.  They actually cook it in the hot stone pot and serve it to you that way.  It was really good.  Pretty similar to the way I get in Korea Town back home in Los Angeles. Yum!!
4	It's this simple: the BEST Korean food in town!!! :DWe always eat tofu soup here and they're the best in town (we tried others), and probably the best I've ever had in my life! :D People at my Chinese church told me their Korean church pastors and friends said this is the best in town too!!! Whenever my friends from other places come visit me in Phoenix, I bring them here, and they all love this place!We eat A LOT here so never really thought of writing a review (what logic is that?) and found that the quality is pretty consistent. I think I only encountered twice that weren't very good.The spicy beef brisket soup is very nice too!!!! I've been lack of appetite lately (for over a week), not sure why, but when I ate this yesterday, I could eat the whole bowl (it was a large bowl too) and wanted more!! :D It's that delicious!I hope that they'd have Korean BBQ too, haha :D
4	My rating for this place has not changed (3.5), but I will say this.  Looking at some other reviewers comments, I do agree that the level of service and the quality in terms of the freshness of their ingredients and flavor of their dishes is not very consistent.  It would be great if they could fix this.
1	Okay, we gave this place three chances, and each time the service got worse.each time took over an hour for our order (and they weren't busy any of the times). The last time we were there, after ordering the seafood pancake, 25 minutes later they tell us that the health inspector is there and they can't make it for us because they shut down a part of their kitchen. You want good Korean food? Don't go here.
4	Okay, I am half Korean and I love this place. I have been here twice for lunch and had the chicken bulgogi. The kimchi's were all awesome. It does not have the best atmosphere, the service is so-so, but the food is delicious. It reminds me of my mom's cooking. I am so glad that I found this place and look forward to being on the East side of the Valley so I can go there for lunch again.
4	First off, try the kimchi!I'd give Hodori five stars, because the food is really great. What ruined it for me was the service. The server, whose name escapes me, was very short with us; maybe it was an off day, but I don't know if that's really a valid reason. We're not a very demanding party of two, so we were a bit thrown off.Despite that minor setback, the bbq chicken and bbq ribs were take-home-for-leftovers worthy. Which is good, because you definitely pay for your portion. Go during lunch, which I believe ends at 3. Half-price meals, which still totals about $12 a person!
4	Out of all the korean bbq resturants in the east side I think Hodori is the best.  Thier Balgogi is flavored really well.  I always have the get the jap chai noodles there.  I'm usually seatted quickly, but it might take a little while for my food to be ready. & the metal chops sticks that when they bang on my teeth are no fun.  But the food is good and that's why i keep on comming back.  It's a great way to eat family style too.
3	Most foods I tried here were quite good but not Naengmyeon.I especially like their tofu soups. Sundae soup is also what I like.The service was not as good as it used to be.Good location (easy to find).
2	I ordered the spicy pork. The flavor of the sauce was good and the meat was cooked well, but it was also very stringy and fatty. Overall, the food was mediocre. The food prices are too high for the quality offered. However, the portion sizes are quite large, so there should be leftovers for extra meals.Our service was terrible. The servers would not look in our direction for 20 minutes at a time. They did not once visit during the meal. They brought two dishes out 10 minutes before the others and brought one person's food out 15 minutes after everyone else had their food. We had trouble paying, since they would ignore us and wipe down an adjacent empty table even though we were clearly waving and yelling to them.The combination of terrible service, average food, and high prices ensures that I will not return.
3	the only thing i ever order here are the balgogi and seafood tofu soup so i don't know how reliable my review is going to be. i need to talk about the balgogi though. i went here last month and ordered the balgogi and i felt like i ordered a dish of seasoned fat with brown food coloring. i didn't enjoy it at all, but i thought maybe they ran out of the good meat, or the chef just suck that day. well, that's obviously not the case because i went back a couple days ago and ordered the balgogi again and this time it was worst than the last. i understand the economy is down, but gezz with the prices they charge shouldn't they be able to afford to offer a decent quality of meat? the service here isn't that great either. it has never been great, but it didn't bother me because this is a busy restaurant. i always thought that they should hire more people but that's their business.  i'm giving this place 3 stars for what it used to be.
5	The korean population of arizona eat here, that alone should be enough to check it out. If not, the foods damn good too.
1	Took 5 minutes to get a menu.  Another 5 to get our drinks.  We ordered what we always order at our favorite Korean place which is the Bulgogi, and mushroom tofu soup.  I figured these are very popular dishes, and easy measuring sticks to compare different places.They give complimentary salad which includes iceberg lettuce... and teriyaki sauce.  No thanks.  Bulgogi:  Really wasn't good at all.  It was too thick, the onions were 100% raw and there was no flavor beyond intense onion and poorly bbq'd beef.  It should be THIN, and TENDER, and FLAVORFUL.  Failed in all aspectsTofu Soup:  Server asked how spicy we wanted it, and we said normal.  Apparently that means zero spicy or just adding 3 jalapeno slices into the soup.  That's authentic right?  They also use a very runny type of tofu, not the more firm stuff I have and like at my other spot.  It really had the texture of egg whites.  In fact, it had the exact texture of the egg white that was also in the soup.  So it was just watery flavorless broth, with textureless tofu and textureless egg b/c it wasn't hot enough to properly cook the egg.  Factor in the tough mushrooms that were obviously re-hydrated and you have a very poor dish.  They stiffed us bowls or plates, unless they expected us to reuse the salad bowls so we had to wait around for a while to ask for something to eat on.  They also brought the dishes out at different times which is bad form.  The best and worst parts were actually the sides.  What the hell are those shrimp, and why are they on my table?  They were dis-gus-ting.  Kimchi didn't taste fresh, bean things weren't that good, bean sprouts were too mature to be good and the cucumber thing probably sat around too long and got soggy like cucumbers like to do.  The daikon kimchi was the only solid side.    My go to place is Cho Dang in Chandler for my Korean BBQ.  It blows this place away on all levels.  Their meat is of much higher quality, they actually include stone rice with their soup, serve amazing sides, and the atmosphere is a lot less cafeteria like.   To top it off it is about $5 less for the same exact order, but with larger portions of sides, rice, and meals.Really isn't a whole lot of good to say about this place.  I'd give it 1.5 stars, not quite bad enough to get a 1, but certainly not good enough to simply earn a "meh" rating.  I actually started this review by giving them 2 stars but as I started writing I realized there really wasn't anything positive I took away from the experience.  Couldn't even get an iced tea refill for the last 10+ minutes we were there.  Guess I'll still have to drive 15 minutes down to Chandler rather than 5 minutes to Mesa for Hodori.
3	So I found out this isn't the same Hodori in Los Angeles. :( This place was pretty good I guess for the choices you have around Arizona.. I did finish my bowl of bulgogi and noodles though. The sides were meh.. I was disappointed they don't refill them here. I like my sides! Can't really comment about service since there was only 2 other tables she had to attend to. She was friendly none the less. I thought the prices were kind of high, only because I've been to several Asian restaurants in LA where food is cheap! Lol But then again like I said there are not much choices around AZ.I'll be back unless I find a better Korean restaurant closer to me. :)
4	I have been here a handful of times now. Although I am not a fan of their Soft Tofu, everything else seems to be well-prepared. They also have good side dishes.
4	SO, let me preface this by saying that I am by no means an expert in Korean food.  When I have had it in the past, it is usually Korean BBQ with the side dishes and maybe some pancake.  But, from what I have had, I can say that this place is bomb.  The tofu soup, seafood pancake (although it is WAY overpriced), bibimbap, and bulgogi are all great.  Good food, decent service, but some things on the menu are a little more expensive than they should be in my opinion.
4	This is where I come to get some good old Korean food. I have tried their tofu soups and their jap chei (I don't know how to spell this). Their tofu soup is offered with a variety of meats, kimchi, seafoods, and vegetables. I tend to get their vegetarian one that has seaweed, kimchi, and mushrooms. It tastes great. The jap chei (wrong spelling!) is vermicelli noodles with meat and veggies. It is also very good. The best part about this place are the side dishes. They always give you a lot and they taste great, except when they put something american in there like sliced hot dogs. The service is also great and I love the endless supply of side dishes. You get a lot of good healthy food for a small price. Their tofu soups are around $8.95 and come with rice and all the sides. Their bbq is a bit more expensive though. They also have these delightful coffee candies they give you with the bill.
2	Been here multiple times...busy or not busy, service is ALWAYS slow. Tables are available but no one seems to want to clean them. Dirty tables are always present when I come, yeah very appealing. A larger party came after us and got seated first. Rude. Food is ok. Probably the last time I'm coming here.
3	The chaos and the "no-frills" ambiance in this place reminds me of Koreatown in Los Angeles, but the service does not. Being pretty busy on a weekend night, one had to literally walk over to someone to get banchan and even pay for the bill. Still the food is above average and probably one of the better spots to get general korean dishes in the Valley. For specialty soups I would recommend Chodang over Hodori. Otherwise, I will likely be back regularly for my korean-food fix.
5	Love this place. One of the best Korean BBQ restaurants in the Phoenix area. They have excellent service and the private karaoke rooms are a blast, especially if you have a group. Just be aware of the soju, it'll creep up on you.
4	Coming from Southern California, where Korean restaurants are abundant compared to AZ, the pickings of where to go for good Galbi and Jap Chae are very slim.  I tried Hodori last night and I was pretty impressed with the Jap Chae and the Galbi was really good although the sauce is very subtle than most.  But I'd definitely go here again to fix my cravings.
4	My wife and I both like Korean food.  We went to Hodori for the first time yesterday.  The food we ordered was very good.  The last time we went to a Korean restaurant worth mentioning was a place in Nashville TN (Antioch TN) called Hai Woon Dae.  This place ranks comparable to that.  I ordered Dalk Bulgogi (Chicken Bulgogi), and it was good.  The chicken tasted very fresh.  My wife ordered Soon tofu with pork.  She liked the soup.  All of the common sides that were brought out to us were very good also from the kimchi, to the eggplant, to the bean sprouts.My wife and I will go back to this restaurant.
4	I love their tofu soup. I always get the seafood tofu soup. Korean pancakes (Pajeon, spell?) is really good too.
3	Nice lunch menu...I cannot review for dinner, I haven't been back to this place for over 5 years....my most recent trip was for lunch, the menu is extensive and great pricing.
2	I'm asian, so that make me a automatic expert on korean food.The interior of this restaurant needs a renovation badly. Service is good, but the food is average. Not worth eating out. I order the korean rib...it was average...I believe they pan fried it...ribs are bbq not pan fried....
5	just moved here from los angeles. wanted some korean food. had the soontofu which was fantastic. definitely recommend it.  there's also a korean market next door which is an added bonus to head to that strip center.  will be going back again very very soon.
4	Super server. One woman ran the counter and the other took care of a pretty good number of lunch customers. I was impressed. Food was good...not the best Korean I've head, but yummy. Lunch prices are very good, while dinner prices seemed high. I'd have to see the portions to judge for sure. If you like Korean BBQ try the $11.95 meat sampler. I imagine a lot here depends on who is working on any given day. If they only schedule two people for lunch rush I could see an eitely different review.
3	Moving away from the Meca of KBBQ in Ktown, Los Angeles, I was on the prowl to find some good KBBQ. The sides were alright and taste "standard." nothing special here. I tried their bulgogi & their beef tofu soup and will say it was yummy and satisfying. I don't think I'll be back especially seeing how pricey their food was (tofu soup was the only reasonably priced item). Thumbs up, but whatevers....
4	This is a great place for lunch. The prices and the meal sizes are tolerable. Dinner prices, however, are on the high side, and I'm always sad when the portions are only slightly larger than the lunch at twice the price. I normally get the BBQ pork. It's a bit on the sweet side, but not so much that I can't stand it. The kimchee varies from day to day. They're always bright and refreshing. I started getting addicted to those little salty fishes and then they ran out.  The hotpot (I can't remember the Korean equivalent) for two was disappointing. It was a small portion and was mostly vermicelli with hardly and meat. I have to give this place 4 stars because of the limited options in the area and the great lunch deals. Also, as an aside, I've seen a number of baseball players in here during the cactus leagues.
4	Get the kimchi fried rice....almost like a bibimbap...with the hot pot and egg. I would not get the cod soup....the fish eggs are not that great. Other that good place to see asians enjoy a good meal
4	This place has AWESOME kimchi Chigae, kalbi is ok but kinda overpriced. The service is hit or miss here. But probably one of the best korean places on the east side.
4	I was in the area and asked a friend if they had good soup, and he replied.. "the T2" is good.  I didn't know what a T2 was, but i decided to go anyways.. while i looked over the menu i saw that they had Kimchi Chigae and ordered that.  I was not disappointed, it was really really good.. full of flavor and all the banchan (side dishes) they gave me were fresh and yummy.
4	Have been looking for a good Korean restaurant in Phoenix, and this place definitely measures up! The prices are a little higher than expected, but it's a popular establishment and the staff are friendly!I'm a huge fan of bibimbap, and I love that their hot pot bibimbap comes with Kalbi! Our table also shared a seafood pancake, and it was really yummy! A lil more shrimp than I would have liked (esp since they were of the frozen baby shrimp variety), but it was crisp and had a good consistency!Didn't get a chance to try any of their bbq items, but their tofu soup lunch special looked good! Side dishes were okay. Good variety, but I was hoping for some fish cakes or cold noodles.
5	One of the best Koran restaurant in tempe for sure, love their tofu soup, especially winter also the BBQ pork is good too!
1	I love Korean food, so I was excited to try Hodori.  The first time I went, I thought the prices were a little high, but not unreasonable.  The "kimchi pancake" was tasty, but my bibimbap was quite bland.  As for the wait staff, they were not very friendly, but brought everything out on time. Overall, I was content with the experience, but certainly wasn't impressed. However, my second experience at Hodori was awful.  We literally waited at our table for an hour to have our order taken--they told us the kitchen was too backed up to receive any new orders. (Meanwhile the two tables around us ordered and received their dinner.) We decided to leave, but they assured us we could order and that we would get our food in twenty minutes.  In reality, it took another hour and ten minutes to get our food.  I tried a kimchi soup this time--it was alright, but not worth the wait or price.  I NEVER stiff wait staff, having worked in food service myself. But I planned to make an exception this time, as waiting to be served for over two hours after being seated is ridiculous. However, they added a mandatory 18% gratuity to our bill.  Even thought this meant a few dollars per person, we all felt so cheated for being forced to pay for such poor service. They did apologize at the end for the wait and brought out complimentary ice cream. But at that point, we were just ready to get out of there. I would NOT recommend this restaurant and will certainly not be returning there in the future.UPDATE: It's one thing to have bad service, but I spent the next day throwing up. On my birthday. I mean, really? And no, it wasn't because I'm not used to the food--I've had actual Korean food in Seoul without any problems at all.
2	The food is alright but the service is terrible and slow every time I come here! The waiters need to follow up on the tables for any water or banchan refills instead of just serving the food & moving on to new orders. Takamatsu in chandler has better quality  food & the best service since the manager is on the floor directing the employees.  Chodang is also better in food quality but the service can be slow at times but its not as bad as it is at hodori.
1	I completely forgot to update and mention that I spent the next day throwing up. On my birthday. Again, what a terrible experience!
4	Even though my friends were forty minutes late and I was forced to sit in shame like a pathetic loser, the staff offered me water and politely ignored me otherwise, even as the restaurant began to rapidly fill up for dinner. We had various forms of soondoobu (spicy soft tofu soup) - I had mine with kimchi (I am Korean, after all). We topped off our meal with some pork barbeque, which was pretty good but not as yummy as my mama's. Finishing up with mochi ice cream (not exactly Korean... but oh well) in a yummy chocolate sauce rounded out a pretty good meal overall.The side dishes (banchan) were okay - the bean sprouts were excellent, but I didn't try the kimchi ('cause, hello, it was in my soup - kimchi overload = not a good night). I would probably go back again, but only if my friends suggested it 'cause most Korean restaurants in America don't have the Korean dishes I really like. D:
4	I brought some Arabians here. They never experienced Korean food, or even held chop sticks.The waiter taught them how to use chopsticks. And the guys fell in love with both the Korean women there, and the bulgogi. I have converted them from Islamic to Bulgogi-ists.
5	I love Korean food and this is the place to get it. Always good food, generous portions. The staff are courteous and attentive.
4	Went there and have lunch with colleague.  I have no expectation before going there as no one tell me whether it is good or not.  I ordered a lunch special with BBQ meats, it is reasonably priced. Oh my god, by the time you start tasting the food, you will know that this is real Korean food you are tasting!  It is so delicious that you can't resist.  I am not very hungry but I still can finish my whole plate of food.
5	A really diverse and interesting menu - everything was tasy!  Large portions and fast service with frequent refills of kimchi and sides.  If you want boba afterwards from the place next door, be aware it closes at 8 during the week!
5	This restaurant so deserves a 5 star rating. I'm from LA and used to eating in Ktown where it's hardcore koreans. Since I relocated to AZ, I haven't found any good Korean food, just sub par. I checked this place out and was pleasantly surprised how good it was. I tried the Bulgogi hot pot, kimchi friend rice, Yuki Jang and the Kalbi and they were all delicious! Most places make the Kalbi too sweet... this place makes it just right! The staff are very friendly and helpful. Too bad they don't do "All you can eat Korean BBQ" here.
4	This is a really good Korean restraunt, went with a big group and everything was taken care of, I didn't give it 5 stars because they forgot my brothers order somehow and I didn't like how their bugolgi was marinated but everything else was great. Will definitely come back when I visit Phoenix again.
4	Good Korean food makes me happy. This place makes some damn good Korean BBQ, so yes, Hodori makes me happy. Not everything they make is that great, but every single one of their signature BBQ dishes are amazing. New Times magazine, the Arizona Republic, and Phoenix magazine all rave about this place, and I must admit that I rave about it to people. The food is just so good, and the portions are so BIG even Adam Richmond would need a to-go box.Now I'm no expert, but this place seems really authentic. I've been to a number of Korean restaurants in southern Cali, and this place is one of the most "Korean" that I've been to. Being on Dobson, it's right in the heart of the Asian community of Mesa. Smartly, they're not just another Asian food joint a mile up by Mekong palace and they're located right by MCC and the hospital right off both the US60 and the 101. Easily in contention for the best Korean in the Phoenix valley, Hodori is a must try for anyone in the metro area.
4	My Korean friend says this is the best there is in the Phoenix area.  Based on the clientele alone I would say they must be doing something right, it is a majority Korean Americans eating in there.All your standards are delicious, try something new, you will not be disappointed. Another thing I love about Korean food, is I feel good after I eat it, because it seems healthier than other Asian cuisine. More vegetables I guess.They also serve Korean wine and barley tea. Check those out.
4	This is a very good Korean place to eat.  It is just a little on the pricey side if you get a drink or two and also eat a full meal.
3	Hodori serves pretty good food. My husband turned me on to it, however, they have a B rating from Health & Sanitation which freaked me out when I first ate there. Also, the service can be a total hit and miss, but the food tends to make up for it.
1	I've been coming to this place since I've moved to AZ about 10 years ago.  I ate here so often that at one point I was a "Mayor" on FourSquare and "Duchess" on Yelp!  They've changed ownership twice since 10 years ago, and the new one took over about 4-5 years ago I believe.  Their food's ok, but the best thing on the menu is their kimchi jjigae.  That's the reason why I came here all those times and I don't even touch their banchan, because it's so subpar compared to LA, SF, or NYC that it's laughable.  Their Soon Tofu is average and the Kalbi is average as well.  But you take what you can get here in AZ when you have a craving for Korean food.  Well, if you're serving mediocre food, at least you expect them to provide really good in service right?  NO!!  I have always been unhappy with their service since day one, but I just dealt with it.  Well, I've just had it today and sort of lost it!  The waiter (in his 20s, about 5'11" tall) who speaks fluent Korean and Enliglish, just pushed me over the edge!  WTF??  Are you kidding me??  I could not believe the service I was getting from this guy!  OK so here's what happened.I ordered 1 Soon Tofu Jjigae with only beef,  2 lunch special Kimchi jjigae, 1 Lunch special kalbi, 1 lunch special kalbitang. (5 total items)  He brought the banchan (side dishes) and rice and asked me if I wanted eggs in "all of our soon tofu jjigae."  I said I only ordered one soon tofu.  Then he said I ordered 2 kimchi soon tofu, 1 beef soon tofu, 1 kalbi, and 1 kalbitang!  I said "no I didn't" and I repeated what I ordered.  Then he argued with me and said "Yes you did! You ordered 3 soon tofu, plus kimchi jjigae, kalbi, and kalbitang!"  I said "are you kidding me right now?  Look here!  We're only 4 people!  Why would I order so many soups for?"  The guy must be a moron, because he can't even count how many people there are to be ordering 7 items?  Do we look like we could eat that much?  We were two slim adults, and two kids under 15!!  Then he let out a big sigh and then stomped off to fix the order at the kitchen.  He comes back with our food and he literally bangs the soup bowl onto the table!  He is obviously emanating a negative attitude, bangs down the rest of the stuff and stomped off.  I just shook my head and we started to eat.  Half way through the lunch we needed more rice and napkin so I called him over since he was bringing stuff to the next table.  He obviously heard me and didn't bother turning around.  OK, so I'm thinking to myself, maybe he didn't hear me.  I call him again second time and he pretended he didn't hear me.  Then the third time, I called him loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear me and then he turns around, rolls his eyes, makes a face and then comes over.  I couldn't believe my eyes!!  I asked him "are you giving me an attitude right now?"  then he yells (yes he yelled at a customer) at me and says "did I even look at you right now?"  Then he passes by our table, goes to the next table and "politely" asks  "may I take your order?"  WTF?  I asked him to help me get something and he completely ignores me?  Ok so let's recap here.  He takes the order wrong, puts in 2 too many orders of Soon Tofu, then gets mad at me when I correct him that isn't so, then he practically throws the food at us banging every chance he gets, and then he ignores me when I call him!  OMG!  At this point, I'm FURIOUS!  I get up and go talk to the owner who happens to be there today.  I reiterate everything that just happened and he doesn't say anything but to just look towards the direction of the kitchen!  Then I say to him "is it ok for the server to do that to a customer" and he turns and apologized.  He said that it's his fault for not training the staff correctly.  OK, so I'll take that for an apology, but then he should go quietly talk to the server, have the server come over and apologize to me personally!  Nope, that never happened, and guess what happened next?  The owner comes over to our table, being extra nice, and says he's going to take care of our lunch on the house.  At this point, I'm still shaking from rage and I can't even eat anymore.  I said I'm not making a scene, because I want free lunch.  I'm going to pay for what needs to be pay for, I don't want free lunch.  So while the owner's talking to me at our table, that server is standing near the kitchen talking to another server, looking directly at me, and laughing at me!  WOW!   Just amazing!  I've dined out at so many restaurants over the years in my life at all different levels, from Michelin starred to hole-in-the-wall scary places, but this was just the worst service ever!!Stay far away from this place!  I called my mother after what happened.  She was at a luncheon with 20 of her Korean friends for a church function.  You can bet that she spread the word.  None of those ladies are going there in the future.  And neither am I.  To the Owner:  word of mouth is a scary thing.
5	Best Korean food in town!
3	I live in Scottsdale so I'd say this is the closest, authentically Korean restaurant for me.  I usually love all their banchan (side dishes) and their house spicy tofu soup.  So... Korean restaurants are kind of notorious for having bad service and this one probably tops the list in that category :( ..like you have to hunt down your server for almost everything and I'm Korean!  I'm almost tempted to travel a little further for better service.
3	Went here recently with the tour around-the-world lunch group that I organize.   This was a great lunch.  I appreciate a restaurant that understands that a group can grow.   Our group doubled in size from the start and our servers were more than accommodating.I ordered 2 things at this restaurant for lunch.  I ordered the Haemul Pajeon (Seafood pancake) to start.  I ate a small piece of it and had it packaged to bring home for lunch/dinner the next day.  A very tasty pancake with lots of shrimp and squid in it, onions and other spices.  Similar to an okonomyaki that we frequently see in Japanese restaurants.For my main portion of the meal, I had a bowl of the Kimchi chigae  (Kimchi soup)  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=piisc06BvMh6csRPY7RvHw&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA.  The yelpers that said this was a delicious dish were  not mistaken.  A very well seasoned and delicious bowl of soup that had nice chucks of pork in it and the veggies.  Fellow Yelper and ATW lunch groupie, Dawn K, said she really enjoyed the somewhat fatty meat in the soup.  I personally enjoyed the spiciness!  I would eat this again and I can't wait to have it again.I wasn't very impressed with their banchan selection.  The side dishes just were not as tasty as I would have liked.
5	I have been craving Korean food for the longest time and happened upon this place by accident. I'm so glad I did! The spicy BBQ pork with the assortment of kimchi and veggies on the side were amazing! I will definitely be back for more.
5	I am no expert on Korean food, and I will never be. Oxknee soup? How does one eat an animal's knee? Huh?Whatever. What I had was wonderful. I had beef in very hot, boiling broth with cabbage and carrots. Also had pork, which was more flavorful than I was expecting.There's several items on the menu that was completely alien to me, so I cannot vouch for the more exotic items they offer. But if you like Korean, and/or want to try something new (and really good!), then check this place out.
5	We had T1 and 27 for lunch today :-P Friendly and great food. Def will be back
4	Ive been going to Hodori since theyve opened. They use to be amazing at the beginning, but then after it changed owners, it started to go down hill. It was getting progressively worse for awhile, but lately things have changed. Foods been tastier, service is good, and they are always busy. I usually always only get the Beef and Mushroom tofu stew. It usually hits the spot!
1	Too slow. We ordered at 6:50pm and waited for more than 40 mins. So bad. Mg friends and I would not come here again. Waiting is a terrible thing and annoys all of us.
5	I'm a huge fan of this place. Great service, great Korean dishes at very generous portions. I really just enjoy the regular-styled Bulgogi (thinly sliced beef served in a hot stone plate with caramelized onions). Also really like the bipbimbap (veggies, ground meat, and rice in a hot stone plate). Bring that out with an unlimited supply of kimchi and we're good to go!
5	I just got back from southern Cal, including Koreatown South (Garden Grove) - and I think this place is better than the places I went to out there.
5	Hodori is set in an all asian strip mall, with 2 or 3 other restaurants. That being said, it was the only one PACKED on a tuesday night. I ordered the kimchi fried rice, being my first time there, I didn't want to go too crazy. Despite being busy, it came out in about 5 mins in a hot stone bowl, with sides of pickled cucumbers, daikon, kimchi, sprouts, tofu, and potatoes, all of which, I stirred right into my rice. It could have used a touch more beef, but the fried egg on top was marvelous. As you get to the bottom of the bowl, the rice is more caramelized and crispy..soo good. I took a bite of the kimchi as I left, and as I was riding my bike home my pallette became the CLEANEST it has ever been, the taste in my mouth was like sweet watermelon. Crazy. Best fried rice ever.
4	Had dinner on a weeknight, seemed like we had to wait a little too place our order.  The food was good, liked it and will be going back.  I love Korean food.  I had the kalbi and my wife had a tofu and pork soup was really good.
5	YUM! For Arizona, this place is AWESOME. Seriously. It is really difficult to find any good asian food in the area and this place has wonderful food. I love the banchan and have ordered the tofu soup as well as the larger meat and seafood dishes. They were all really good. Whenever I am missing home, this is my go-to place for comfort food.
4	The korean food is delicious overall but it takes FOREVER for the food to come out.
4	I miss LA's Koreatown terribly but this definitely hit the spot. Pretty wide menu with familiar items mixed with more traditional Korean dishes.  Plenty of tables but the place still got packed on a weekday. Korean restaurants tend to be more spendy than other types of Asian food so be ready for that but they have some special deals posted on the wall at certain times. I will definitely be back to Hodori.
5	No longer a Korean Cuisine Virgin . . . and even though I have nothing to compare this place too . . . it was fabulous.First the Service . . . Seating quickly and our drink order was taken immediately.  When the waitor return with the drinks, he walked us through their menu . . . pointing out his favorite dishes . . . but more importantly . . . helping us decide between the two  dishes we were interested in . . . this is great since at that point I was still a korean cuisine virgin.My choice . . . with my wiater's recommendation . . . Nakji Dol Pan . . . Octopus stir fried in a spicy sauce and served on a sizzling stone plate.Second the Food . . . the food came quickly and was unbelievable . . . though spicy, not too spicy . . . however, the spiciness does grow on you over time.  The octopus, was cooked perfectly and almost melted in your mouth . . . and the side enhanced the overall taste of the dish.I will now definately try other Korean Restaurants . . . but it will be hard to surpass the experience I have here at Hodori Restaurant.
4	Review from a korean guy.Lunch/dinner time expect understaffed poor service because its typical at any asian restaurant.... Especially if not a big party of 6 or more.But I get great service because I go there from 12p-4p suckas!Compared to takamatsu...Takamatsu has better lunch specials, and just as tasty.I just come here for the convenience.
2	Its alright.... the seafood hot pot is not enticing at all.The chicken grill is bad choice for us as well. I taste nothing but salty overly done chicken meat.Daorea serving is so much better... larger side dishes served as well. come to penang and I will show you what is good korean food
3	I was having a strong craving for korean tofu soup. It was ok, their soup is enough to get me by until I have to go back to So Cal for some BCD. I got the assorted special, there were a lot of clams in it.  The bibimbap we ordered was tasteless, the sauce it came with just kept making it taste weirder as we added more.  We had to opt for some soy sauce with the rice at the end.
3	The food was good, and it's one of the few real Korean places in the Phoenix Metro area, but the service was what ruined my meal here. As expected, my group and I were put in the "white person" area away from the main floor. And we had to wait 15 minutes to even be asked for water. It was great food, third to only Las Vegas and Orange County. Would I come back here? Probably, but not any time soon.
4	One of the best soon dubu I have had in a restaurant. And its not in Kali or Korea, but Arizona?!?! A lot of the soon dubu places in AZ or even Kali don't make it spicy enough. Even when you ask for SPICY. This place listens. I had the pork soon dubu, and the bf had a seafood one. We both were surprised by how good it was. The tofu, broth, and other ingredients were so flavorful. You could taste each individual ingredient, yet it all came together wonderfully. :) The service is pretty fast and efficient. The restaurant was pretty spacious and clean as well. (A lot of other places are really cramped and stuffy).Why did I take off one star? Their side dishes are subpar. They don't have much variety, and the ones they did have looked old and dried out. They don't serve their soon dubu w/ a fried fish like many of the other soon dubu places do. :( Plus their rice is served in a plain metal bowl rather than a stone bowl. So you don't get that crispy/burnt rice (that you pour water on) towards the end of you meal. :( Also, we requested bori cha, and I think they charged us for it. ^__^
3	If you need a Korean fix go to Los Angeles but of you're unable to drive you can hit up this joint for some spicy soft tofu soup.
4	Came here with the family after being spontaneous and not eating at the hong kong diner next door. We ordered the korean beef, two of the tofu soups, and a few other miscellaneous items. Everything was really great and had a lot of flavor, the two soups were also very very good and I would definitley recommend to a first time korean food tryer. The reason why I'm giving this 4 stars is because service was just okay. Nothing special. The waiters didn't really seem to care about the food or anything. Secondly, I realized that I'm not the biggest fan of korean food, but that's just me. And third, the prices were a little high. Around $90 for a family of 4/5 (My grandma eats almost nothing XD). So, we may come back here if we're really craving korean food, but it's not "too die for"
1	My friend and I came here and when we walked in,the male waiter appeared pretty nice and told us to choose a table and sit down. He followed us to our table and handed us the menu, so we thought so far so good. Then 5,10 and 15 minutes went by and we were left alone,it appeared both the waiter and entire place forgot that we were there...they totally IGNORED us. I saw the male waiter that had helped us earlier glanced over our table a few times,but NO SERVICE what so ever. The service here was TERRIBLE, most of the employees were pretty RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL towards us. The funny thing was that the table of 5 koreans that came in way after us had their orders taken down way before us. I will NEVER,EVER come back to this hate-ful and ill-mannered restaurant ever again. Not only was the service HORRIBLE,but the atmosphere and korean waiters were too RUDE and ill-mannered,they didn't deserve our business. So we went to the Hong Kong restaurant right near it,and the Chinese waitress there were 100x nicer and better educated than those korean waiters.
4	Omg so good! We went for my fiance's birthday, and I used the leftovers to make fried rice for lunch today. It was awesome. We went last night right before 6 thinking we would make it before the dinner rush. Turns out Koreans eat early and we got there DURING the rush! We didn't have to wait very long to be seated but it took forever to order, get our food, pay the bill, etc. They only had three ladies waitressing, running the register, and so on. Our water glasses were never filled. Well at least the food was good. The Bulgogi had great flavor and was very tender. The entree was pricey (normal for ribeye to expensive at KBBQ places) but they gave us a huge portion so we ate it last night and today too. The Soon tofu was delicious and packed with tofu, kimchee, tender cubes of beef and seaweed. We asked for medium spicy and it was quite spicy! We can handle spice but for those who can't, I recommend you get it as mild as possible. Definitely loved the soup, I will be back for this one! Lastly the seafood pancake was packed with baby shrimp, octopus, scallion, and mushrooms. It was good but got soggy pretty quickly unfortunately. But when served hot in crispy its yummy dipped into the tangy sauce they serve with it. Banchan was unimpressive and limited, the potato side dish was too sweet (I think they put syrup on it) and the kimchee was just okay. I prefer the seafood pancake and banchan at Cafe Ga Hyang more . Overall we were very satisfied with the meat and soon tofu and will be back if we're in the area!Minus a star for the lacking banchan and slow service.
3	Just before I was leaving for California after winter break, I decided to bring my family for Korean BBQ because they had never tried it before. I did not realize this was not the type of Korean BBQ with the grill in the center of the table and the marinated meat that we get to cook. Nonetheless, we ordered beef bulgogi, bibimbap, and some soups.I think I must have ordered incorrectly. I went for the traditional beef bulgogi and wound up being very surprised that was served in a bowl of soup with glass noodles. I thought I was getting a skillet of grilled, marinated meat to share with my family.The bibimbap came in a huge bowl (I like to order it hot), and here, I was a little disappointed again, because I thought it would have the black rice because that's how I've had it before. Instead, it was just the regular white rice we typically eat.Soups were not that great as well. We ordered one with pork ribs, and the meat was not tender. The only vegetables in our soups were green onions, which we are not a big fan of (they're great to give flavor to a dish, but not as vegetables for a meal, I think). We didn't eat very much, and were not happy with the fact that each dish is $10-$13.The restaurant is welcoming, but this meal just really wasn't what I expected.
3	It always seems to be lacking in the protein department. Not enough meat. The service was super rushed this time despite my $30 bill for s single diner. The food ultimately is awesome. Service, and perhaps presentation of the protein would be beneficial.
3	Pros-service is friendly-(some) dishes are really tasty; namely the spicy tofu soup with seafood and the seafood pancake appetizer-hits the spot when you are craving korean bbqCons-not as many side dishes as at other korean restaurants (where's the seaweed??)-food takes a loooong time to come out (45+ min)-my bulgogi was sweeter than I wanted it to be, and not as spicy as I wanted it to be-they forgot to make my entree so it came out 10 min later than everyone else's
5	Living in Hawaii it is easy to find authentic Asian food. Not so easy in Phoenix. Thank you Yelp for pointing me to Homodori for a great Korean fix. Kim chee fried rice and Bulgogi hit the spot. Service was quick and friendly. The clientele was gorgeous. Can't wait to go home to Hawaii.
4	This place was packed on Friday night! Every table was full of happy people getting their kbbq on! It smelt amazing from the get go and we were excited to eat some good Korean food. We got the daeji bulgogi and the seafood tofu soup. The tofu soup was just the right spice and warmed our bellies. The meat came out sizzling and tasted sweet and spicy. I wished that the meat was cooked a little longer because I like a little char, but still yummy! The only downside was the side dishes. There were only a few that I liked: kimchi, seaweed and the fish cakes. The others were not as exciting like cole slaw and stuff. Not a huge deal though. I was still really happy with the food and would come back again!
3	My boyfriend and I were looking for a traditional Korean restaurant in the east valley when we stumbled upon this place. Went in on a Friday night and the place was about half full of customers. We were shortly waived over to a table and ordered our drinks a few minutes later. After looking at the menu we saw that the prices were a little steep so we figured either the portions were huge or the quality would be out of this world. Well.... we got neither. Both my boyfriend and I love bulgogi so I ordered the bulgogi hot pot and he ordered the traditional bulgogi. Food got to us fairly quickly and we saw that the portion size was lacking. When we tasted the dishes the flavor was very mediocre. Not bad, just kinda blah. The meet was mostly fat and not very tender as bulgogi should be. The flavor was too sweet and not enough spice to it. As for the side dishes that come with the meal they were all just as bland and boring. Most Korean restaurants bring tons of little things to try but here there were only 5.All in all the service was good but the food left us unsatisfied.
4	What can I say about Hodori, I love it, I'm annoyed, then I love it. I been coming here for a long time and it's time for a review.  Everyone knows that the service is not the BEST BUT the yummy food is what keeps me coming back. I even stop coming for a while because the service irritated me so much but here I am back. I have notice the service is so much better. You gotta know that this place is BUSY.....and that there are usually 2 or 3 servers for the whole restaurant so make sure your not in a rush or you will not enjoy your food. We usually get the tofu soup (spicy w/ egg) and lunch special spicy pork, lettuce wraps and go to town. My first bite makes me do a butt chair dance cause it's that good. So find out what makes you dance. ; ) Happy dancing !!!!
2	First, I would like to say that the staff and waiters were nice. Now, I ordered a bulgogi soup, and it had hair in it. Wasn't proud of that at all. I changed my order to a regular bulgogi and that was good. The place was decent, nothing fancy and nothing too dirty. So overall my experience was a 2 and a half of 5.
5	Been coming here for about 10+ years now~ the staff has always been superb and friendly, and the food consistent. The prices are reasonable ~ I can go to Chili's and get two meals which would cost $50 for the two of us or dinner for two here at $27. It's healthy to the alternative as well! Not saying it's the healthiest choice but you eat a lot of veggies and get your proteins in as well. I absolutely love it and hope it will be one of the long standing restaurants.
5	Absolutely love this place. Best authentic Korean food I've found in the valley. Highly recommend to all.
3	Objectively speaking, this restaurant is positioned right in the median line among Korean restaurants. However, I've lived in both LA and SF for several years each, so I could be a harsh critique here.This is the only Korean restaurant in Tempe (aside from the one-offs like Paradise Hawaiian BBQ) and so you're not exactly picking from a bunch anyway. The food tends to be well-portioned, though many of the dishes had been pre-cooked and are just heated to order (i.e. Yukkaejang). My biggest discontent is the price, which is quite expensive comparing against the price level of other Korean restaurants I've been to, and absurdly expensive when compared against the other restaurants of similar caliber in Arizona.The best thing happening here is the pancake, so definitely try it out if you're new to Korean food. It's about $13 (maybe even $15?) and serves as a great appetizer to split between 3-4 people. Don't go for the happy hour stuff-- they are puny in portion.The second best thing happening here is the service, though it depends on who you get. The younger servers tend to be really friendly, well-spoken, and willing to take your fight to the kitchen for you. For example, my Yukgaejang (spicy noodle soup) showed up with no noodles-- the girl server had the kitchen serve me a whole side bowl of noodles and soup for free! The older servers, by contrast, tend to be hags.
4	At ASU for a yoga festival; so, was craving Korean food.  This was one of the restaurants they suggested we were only a couple of miles away; so, we went.  Have been to several Korean restaurants here in Phoenix, Glendale; but none in East Valley. I was craving Bulgogi and was not disappointed; my friend is gluten free; so, asked if the "sauce" was soy sauce based; they couldn't answer; I even tried to say shoyu; at last they still didn't know what I was saying; so, my friend got the Bibim Bap. I really enjoyed the Bulgogi along with the Banchans that were served.  Not all of them were spicy; so, I really enjoyed it!!!  My friend really enjoyed the Bibim Bap; and so really liking this place.I will be back!!!
3	(Lyrics - Lady Gaga - Edge of Glory)I'm gonna Yelp HodoriAnd I'm tasting on some Korean foodI'm gonna Yelp HodoriAnd I'm tasting on some Korean foodI'm on gonna Yelp, and Yelp, and Yelp, and Yelpand Yelp, and Yelp, and YelpI'm gonna Yelp HodoriAnd I'm tasting on some Korean foodI'm gonna Yelp HodoriHodori is one of those popular Korean restaurants that serves up some nice traditional Korean home cooking.  I came here with a large group of people and service was on top of it's game needless to say.  Nice and funny at the same time!I ordered my favorite of course the Seafood Tofu Soup, while some of my friends order the Dol Pan Bibam Bap; a vegetarian dish for sure. Finally the the Bulgogi hot pot.  I can say I enjoyed my Seafood Tofu Soup.  The Bibam Bap was nice, but not as flavorful according to my friend.  Nicely plated for sure I think.  Finally the bulgogi was sweet, but definitely needed more spice!  Overall, pretty good place for a quick Korean home style cooking.  You don't get a lot of side dishes like some Korean restaurants, but I didn't really cared for it anyways. Enjoy!
1	So I've been to this restaurant 3 times just to make sure it wasn't me that was being rude or a jerk. So to start off the food is just ok, nothing too spectacular but not bad, but the pricing is high for the things here, I can get it at any other Korean restaurant for way less.So here's is why I gave the place a one star.... The service it's not nonexistent it's pure rude like I borrowed money from them and didn't pay them back!! So every time I ask them about any dish on the menu they look at me like I was crazy, like I was from another planet or something for not knowing what I was asking about was. One time I was there for lunch at 2:30 or so with a buddy of mine and I asked them if I could order the happy hour dishes that starts at 3 and naturally they said no which was understandable so we order and started to eat til 2:57 when I asked again to get something from the happy hour menu the waitress looked at me with a look the a mom would give to her child when he did something bad and replied it's not 3 at that point I wanted to het up and leave  but my buddy said wait and at least finish lunch, ok I finished stood up and asked our waitress for a togo box from behinds the counter she the replied "for what?"....I was so done with this place told me buddy to pay and stormed out So for all you awesome people that read the my whole rant thank you and those who didn't.....well I STRONGLY would not recommend this place to eat maybe to get pissed off at but other then that yeah that's my two cent.
4	I'm SO happy to find tasty Korean in the area. I had the soft tofu and beef soup. I liked all the little sides that came with my food.My husband tried some sort of bolgogi hot-pot. It was sweet but he LOVED it.I'm looking forward to going back and trying the bbq.
4	One of the better Korean restaurants I've ever been too.  Service is friendlier than most, and the food quality is excellent.  Prices are good, too.The Bulgogi is my favorite, and they do a really good job with it.I'm sad that I now live across town from here, and can't make it very often.
5	Went for dinner. Self seating. Waitor was very nice and explained what everything was. Great flavors. Amazing portion sizes. Everthing was very taste full. I will be going again for sure.
5	This place is the most authentic Korean place in Phoenix! All the food is spectacular and I will most definitely be coming back. The food is cooked quickly and there isn't that much of a wait. It's worth 49 min drive
5	Tried this place for the fist time today and I think I'm in trouble. The food was SO good, the staff SO pleasant that I'm gonna be driving back to Mesa just to eat here.I'm new to Korean cuisine so the waitress suggested the octopus hot plate which was SO good but I couldn't even put a dent in it after devouring the accompanying side dishes!I'm already making plans on my next visit. It's well worth the drive in the summer heat for food this good!!
5	I've been coming here for a few years now and the spicy pork bulgogi is just as amazing every time! The service is very friendly and the food comes out in a very timely matter. They also make sure your water is always full which is a huge thing for me! I always go with the spicy pork bulgogi but I also tried to kimchi fried rice tonight and it was good but lacked flavor, the fried egg on top was delicious however...
4	One of my favorite food is korean.  And yes I'm korean.  So of course I had to find a korean stores and korean restaurants ASAP.  My mother in law told me about this shop called Asiana Market and right next to it was Hodori.  I was excited but was disappointed once I enter the restaurant.  I've never seen such a shabby decor.  I was skeptical about their food but I was desperately in need of cold noodle since it's crazy hot right now in Arizona.   Their service was little slow but waiters were pleasant and friendly.  They even had cold barley tea.  We ordered cold noodle for me and bulgogi stew for my hubby.  Their side dishes were okay, it was really simple and humble but their napa kimchi was really delicious and the cold noodle was yummy.  I thought their bulgogi stew was little too sweet but it was still good.  So one thing I learned from this restaurant is that you can't judge a restaurant by it's decor.  I will have to come back for their soft tofu stews and other yummy korean foods.
4	Awesome service, great food, a bit pricey
4	I've been here a couple of times and always have a great experience.  Their soondubus and other soups are all very good.  I had the oxtail soup the other day--clear white broth, thin slices of meat, and rice noodles--which was delicious and an excellent hangover cure :) The service is great, staff is very friendly and great at making recommendations.  The server brought us out a sweet soy sauce for our meat without us asking for it so we were really appreciative.  The only criticism I have is that their BBQ meats are not one of the best I've had, but I typically don't come here for that anyway because they make up for that in the many other dishes that they cook so well.  Also, Hodori is located in a plaza next to Saketini and a Boba cafe so you have options for places to go to after dinner if you come with a group of friends.
4	I think their food is decent and appropriately priced. As in, their food is not cheap, but not crappy either. I never had a problem with service or the food.
4	The kimchi is usually fresh, prices cheap, and always quality beef and vegetables. Order the Yu-Ke-Jang soup or Jap Chae noodles. You will not be disappointed in the quality of the food. Sometimes it gets busy and I've had our server go M.I.A. a couple of times, but they are always friendly and polite. For a quick Korean food fix this is where me and my mom always go. Love that we can go to Asiana Market and The Street (Boba smoothies!) right next door so we can walk off our food a little bit.
5	This is one of my favorite Korean restaurants. Can't go wrong with the beef bulgogli, spicy BBQ chicken, spicy BBQ pork, kalbi (short ribs), chap chae (clear noodles appetizer with red and green bell peppers, onions, and bits of bulgogi beef), kimchi tofu soup. Expect 6 little banchan side dishes. The BBQ dishes are just under $20 - which comes with rice. Chap chae is about $14 and plenty for an appetizer.
4	Korean restaurants are all varied, ranging from the ones where you cook your own food, to those where they cook the food in the kitchen and bring it to you. Hodori is of the later type.We were a group of about 12, and were seated in a room away from the main stream area. As it turned out, this was good, since our group was a bit noisy.One of the dishes ordered was Korean soup. This is brought out boiling in a bowl, with a raw egg dropped into it at the last minute to cook in the broth. Satisfying and wonderful in flavor. Another of our party ordered Bibim Bap. A dish that is cooked in a red hot stone bowl consisting of rice, veggies and meat, with a sauce that you add to your taste. Again, this was an excellent dish.The Bulgogi and Galbi are excellent even though they are cooked in the kitchen. An assortment of condiments including some excellent kimchi (homemade perhaps) was served with it.My only complaint is that each time I have come here I have ordered an Obi beer, and each time, they tell me they are sold out.  Oh well, if this is the only problem, then they are doing well.At the risk of sounding prejudiced (which I am not), I noticed the most of the patrons of the restaurant were Korean. This tells me that the food is authentic and appeals to those who know real Korean food.Service was reasonably fast, and the place was nicely clean.4 stars
5	Best Korean food I've ever had! The kimchi pancake was amazing. Service was great and the Korean dessert place next door was a great place to go after this meal.
4	We had the kimchi pancake, spicy pork, and galbi. All of it was good including all the side dishes. I just thought it was pricey for all of it. I know it's not LA but still, pretty expensive. Service was good. They spoke English really well so it was super easy to order. Our water cups were never empty so I was pumped about that
5	My best friend and I come here at least once a week, and we can honestly say it's like our second home.  Their food is amazing, and I have made it my new mission to try something new off the menu every time we go.  I dream about their kimchi-anything (rice and jjigae), and their soon dubu is some of THE best.  Obviously, though, since they specialize in soft tofu soups, hehe.  The service is great, super friendly, and they check on us regularly throughout the meal.  I always leave with a smile on my face and my tummy~.  Anyone who loves Korean food should come here!!!!!  P.S.  Let it be known, that if I ever need to be in a hospital, I hope it's Banner, since it's literally across the street from Hodori!  Haha!P.S.S. As an avid fan of kpop, I enjoy that they play music off of band's albums that aren't just the promoted singles~.
5	This place is truly authentic Korean food. It's even better than the ones in Korea town LA. Their jjaeyook bokeum (stir fried pork with kimchi in a spicy sauce) is the best I've ever had. All their side dishes were good too.
4	I'm giving Hodori a 4 mainly for the food, not the service. Sometimes they do good, other times I'm sitting there just waiting for a menu. I know I'll keep coming back because I love the food however! Must try the spicy beef and mushroom tofu soup, the Kalbi BBQ ribs and even the potstickers are great!
3	I was looking for a Korean restaurant in the Tempe area. Found this place through Yelp so I decided to give it a shot. Ordered the bulgogi and was a little disappointed. The flavor was a little bland, normally the bulgogi flavor should really stand out but not this. The appetizer had less selection than other places that I have been to but the problem was that the flavor was also a little bland. The pros about this place is the service and the portions. I think they may specialize in the tofu soup. Seemed like a lot of people ordered that when I was there.
4	Very traditional. This could be a plus or a minus. If you want authentic Korean food in an authentic Korean way, this is the place to go. If you want a comfortable atmosphere, fast service, or a "fusion" menu, this is probably not the place for you.
4	Food is authentic but hit or miss with the flavor. Staff are friendly and I can tell they are working very hard. I went there with a couple friend's and their friends on the day classes were cancelled due to rain, and I sincerely apologize for their behavior. At one point one of them yelled across the restaurant at the cooks saying he wanted ice cream, (oh my goodness, I am so sorry, that was very embarrassing)... I saw them advertising seafood pancakes last time I was there and plan to go back to try it since I really like seafood pancakes.
3	If your korean it's doable  taste but not stellar but can't complain I think not many choices in Phoenix area. It just tasted bland and soup was soso. I am so use to good korean food in wa and LA..service was excellent and fast!
2	Their side dishes have very little flavor.
5	This is one of my favorite places to visit on a weekly basis if possible. Me and my best friend, Emily (who reviewed earlier), come here very often. Even one of the waiters recognizes us! I don't remember his name, but he's the one with glasses, lovely young man! I love that they play kpop and not only their latest singles, but so many different songs. I try to eat something new every time I come here, but I always come back to my kimchi jjigae. Everything else I have tried has been fantastic. Yuk gae jang, soon dubu soups, jun, bokum, fried rice, cold noodles, you name it and it's fantastic. Great happy hour, too! I really can't get over how much I love this place! Plus, my boyfriend and I had our very first date here so that will always stay in my heart! anyways, if you're looking for great authentic Korean food, this is your place!
5	This is my current go to place to get Korean BBQ (bulgogi).  If anyone knows of other spots, please let me know.
4	We are new to Town. Found this awesome korean restaurant on Yelp. I gotta say this plc is amazing.  Everything look so delicious on the menu.  Luv it!Great customer service
3	They make really good tofu soups. I like how they hand out Yakult at the end when paying.
4	I pretty much now come here regularly for the soft tofu, beef & kimchi soup. It really is fantastic.One day I'll branch out and try other foods, but for now, the tofu soup is what I need.
4	Kimchi tofu soup with pork and egg - where have you been all my life!?   I felt like it was "comfort food" even though I've never had it before.  it not only tastes amazing, but the texture of the silky tofu feels really good on your tongue. That sounds kinda weird but that's how I feel.  Husband got bulgogi which was good and I also got the spicy octopus.  Some pieces were cooked perfectly and others were a little chewy.  It was pretty expensive, but I think this is a place that's best to come with a big group of people and share the food as the portions are big.  There were several large groups there.  I feel like we could've had 4 people share what we ordered if we got another side and then it would've been a good deal.I will definitely be back for more soup and to try some of their kimchi pancakes and their bowls with egg on top which look delicious.  This is one of my new favorite places for sure
3	3.5 starsRounded down for service.They didn't bring the side dishes until the food came out which was disappointing. The seafood pancake was okay for AZ and the side dishes weren't bad. It's probably the best Korean restaurant that we have been to so far, although in the big picture, it's just average.
4	The food and atmosphere are authentic and prices are reasonable for stateside Korean food. Delicious, authentic Korean food --Really good, really hot Yook Gae Jang!! Very polite service. The live plants add a plus to the decor.
2	Great food, but maybe they didn't have enough staff to accommodate the amount of guests.
4	Good-Nice atmosphere, fast and friendly service.
4	Food is always good. We have never been disappointed when coming here. It's a little pricey, but the portions are always a good size as well. Especially lunch. Like most reviews the service does lack everytime we are here, but the food makes up for it.
