3	Wurstle is an interesting concept with a lot of room to grow, but a few kinks to work out.  Basically, this is a hot dog stand that has a their own unique bread and sauces.   There are many different kinds of sausage (cheddar and spicy are two I remember), along with either a plain baguette, or a wheat one.  They kind of hollow out the inside of the baguette, and put in the sauces and additions (including mustard, ketchup, onions, sauerkraut), and then put the sausage in the hole.  The product is good, but there are a few things odd about it.  First of all, any toppings you put in will invariably fall to the bottom of the baguette, instead of being evenly distributed.  Also, it seems like the sausage is too thin compared to the bread, that sometimes the flavor of it can get lost amongst in the flavor of the bread.  Finally, it's absolutely atrocious when it's cold (I know because when they were giving out samples, it was on a tray that was kind of cold that cooled off the pieces very quickly.  Note the owners:  The point of samples is to have a good presentation and a delicious product to entice people to try your product!  If the sample's bad, people think the product's bad, when it really isn't!)Anyway, not too bad, but not the best, either.  I'll give them another shot this week, it's worth a shot.
1	I thought these hot dogs looked every bit interesting, basically it's a hotdog in a hallow piece of french bread  -  The condiments are also filled inside the bread as well.So while walking through Town Square I gave into the temptation and got mini hot dogs and Nutella filled puffs to try and here's my verdict - Yuck!!! The Hot dogs itself had no tasty juicy quality whatsoever and the bread wasn't to my liking either....The Nutella filled  puffs were  so hard like rocks...We were very disappointed - maybe I ordered the wrong stuff but I look at it this way : If their basic hot dog didn't do it for me then I don't think the other ones will - I don't care to give this place another try.......
3	I had one of these a few weeks ago walking through Town Square. This is very similar to a place in Hawaii that does the same thing except they have a larger selection of dogs and sauces.  The dogs they had here were pretty plain and there was a limited selection of sauces. I think if they had a larger selection of sauces or a dipping method it would be better. I just had ketchup and mustard and they all sank to the bottom so you don't get any sauce flavor until the end.
2	Sigh, I'm always willing to try something new.  So seeing the sign saying this was the next evolution of the Hot Dog-of course I had to try it!  Yeah, this place is so unmentionable I won't even bother writing about what I ordered.  OK, well I got the cheese filled jalapeno sausage.  Sigh.  Just skip this whole booth.
1	Uhhh.. Wurstle Gourmet Hotdogs couldn't be any Wurs!!  Good location, good idea, but bad execution.  The dogs, the bread, their entire product tastes generic and store bought.  Hillshire Farms tasting sausages, week old grocery french bread, a couple strands of saurkraut and your traditional condiments all for @ fat $5 bill and some change!!??  Not worth my net worth!  If I had the opportunity to give my two cents i would say, "Grill your dogs, offer more unique sauces, condiments, flavors, combinations and keep it fresh!  ..before a chain of Puka Dogs come in to take your place.. look it up!"
1	Wurstle was the worst. Got a groupon ($5 for $10) as it indicated "gourmet" sausages. They stick a hotdog type sausage (with little flavor) in a hollowed out baguette shaped roll (and stick some coleslaw yellow mustard and ketchup in it). The fries were baked in a toaster oven and the pickle was so soft and salty it was inedible. If I actually paid the full price of $10.71 I would have returned it.  Service was painfully slow.
2	$6 for a supposed gourmet sausage is such a rip off! The bread was okay, but the hot dog was so sub-par. Unbelievable! Prices are supposed to be inflated at Town Square, but geesh... I think the hot dog was literally worth $1.The employee was kind of friendly and did what she could. She was all by herself, but it was later in the evening, so I'm not sure if that's a normal thing.I would not go back to this fast food stand.
2	Fit what I needed at the time, place needs more workers, the one girl has to take the order, make the food, take the money, make change, deliver food- all before she can take the next order. Not efficient!
5	I loved the hotdogs it was good and tasty.  It was full of mayo and ketup and had the sourkaurt. We hd the veal dog. Yeah it was a premium dog, but it was sure good and great would try again.
2	On paper Wurstle Gourmet Sausages is an interesting hot dog/sausage concept, but as a business this so called "evolution of a hot dog" is poorly executed.  The idea is not that novel either, as there are other versions that exactly mirrors the offering here (Puka Dog as mentioned by a few other reviewers) or have sausage/hot dog baked into freshly made bread dough (the kind you may see in many Taiwanese bakeries).The location is good, very convenient for the shoppers, especially if the younglings are in toll, when hunger strikes.  Which was the main reason I decided to give them a try.  Uhh no, I don't have kids or was babysitting one at the time.  Anyway... Getting back on track, the menu with pictures to help customers make their ordering decision is effective.  If you see what you like you can order it, even if you can't read or speak English.  I totally appreciate picture menus.  Just point and like magic, you get what you pointed at, usually.So what they offer are a selection of 6 sausages (not counting their Breakfast Minis, and 2 kid sizes and flavors for a lower price), on choice of 3 bread options, and 4 "toppings" that are crammed down the hole made in the bread.  Price tag is $5.69 pre-tax.  Besides their main attractions, they also have desserts (Nutella filled Puffs and Mini Cupcakes), fries and chips, and some beverages.  If you are vegetarian, they have a vegetarian option too (asparagus, onions, spicy ketchup, relish & mayo mustard).The sausages alone is decent, at least the flavors that I tried.  But I would not call it gourmet by any means.  The so called toppings are very pedestrian as well.  Even Costco Food Courts offer these same flavor enhancers at their self serve stations.  About the only gourmet anything is what comes with the Vegetarian Dog, if you considered spicy ketchup and mayo mustard gourmet.  The breads are generic like the options at Quiznos, without the toasting on their conveyer belt system.For what they are charging, I don't really think it is going to score high marks on anybody's value to price ratio. Without any more interesting and unique sauces in the condiments arsenal, the urge to return and try something else you have yet to try is very low.  Since this is not Disneyland and considering that there are many better options and superior values at other venues within walking distance, you can pretty much figure out why there are no long lines here.On the bright side, the only employee that was working at the time when I went was very courteous and friendly, and did her best to hold down the fort singlehandedly.Review #8 of 2014
