3	I wanted to check out Vinnies before going to a friend's house one night because an older friend of mine used to frequent the place when I was growing up.  The atmosphere was the same, with a patio and indoor tables and a long bar in the center, but I could appreciate the bar more since I am now a grown man.  The music is on an internet jukebox, which I always love, because most places like this don't know when too much Lynrd Skynard is too much.  The bartenders were all young and beautiful and this explains why there were so many married men here who left their wives at home.  The inside and the back porch were filled with folks my age as well.  I made friends with the only brother in the place when I dropped some old school ATliens on him, which kind of shook up the older heads, but they got over it.  I would visit this place again, because a poor man can't beat one dollar draft even if it is Natural Light.
4	Good food, cold beer, cheap and decent service.
4	We had been to the Vinnie's on South Blvd before, but decided to check out the one in the small downtown area of Matthews because it was closer to our house. We arrived on a Wednesday night and there was little to no parking left.  Who'd have thought?  We were seated right away inside, though.  Most people were drinking at the bar or seated outside where they could smoke.  Vinnie's is a very casual -- but fun -- place.  It always seems very lively and full of regulars.  Newbies, don't be alarmed -- they won't bite.  It's the kind of place I would have loved to hang out regularly with my friends in my younger days.  It was $1 domestic beer night AND there was a buy one, get one free appetizer special going on.  Wow!  We ordered two baskets of the fried pickles for the five of us.  As a rule, I do not eat pickles.  I do not like them.  However, when you coat them and fry them up, they suddenly become so much better.  They were tasty, but crazy salty.  Everything on the seafood/bar food menu is reasonably priced.  For my entree, I went with the Salt & Pepper Catfish.  A lot of people I know don't like catfish.  And I don't like anything too "fishy" tasting.  Catfish, though, I love.  It came with several breaded and fried pieces of catfish and a mound of huge thick fries.  Everything tasted great, but I think I overdosed on fried foods.  I stopped about three-quarters through my meal.  It was just too much between the appetizer, main dish, and side dish.  Our server was great, too.  Very friendly and attentive, despite working several tables.
