5	Copy Works is fantastic, extremely quick and very cost-efficient. Friendly service as well!
5	We have been using Copy Works for all of our business printing needs for 10 plus years now and we have always been pleased with how responsive they are, how quick the turnaround time is and how they consistently beat the competition's pricing.  There is a lot of competition out there so I would recommend giving them an opportunity to bid on your printing projects.  You won't be disappointed!
1	It was a frightening experience.        I have been dealing with Jewel, for several years, and have always found her to be professional and knowledgeable.  I sent her an email, with a file, for some copies.  But when I arrived, at approximately 4:30, the woman behind the counter said that Jewel was not there, and that the copies were not made.  When the phone rang and she answered it, I left the room and went outside.  I cannot tolerate strong odors, and there was a strong odor of cigarette smoke, inside.  I contacted her from my cell phone, in my car, from the parking lot, asking whether she could find the file.  When I said that the smoke was a strong odor, she raised her voice, yelling at me, and demanded to know the exact time that the file was sent.  The call ended abruptly when I heard the agitation in her voice, as she told me that I was rude, twice. And then, the door jerked open and she appeared.  If you have ever faced the sight of a huge woman, you will understand that the appearance is intimidating, especially when she is angry.  I am 120 pounds, and she is at least twice my size.    Fortunately, I was with my husband, and she retreated back inside the shop.Later, after we had just left, she sent the following email:  "As you can see I found the file you were requesting. I apologize if you think I was yelling at you.  However I was not.  If you would like to see the file I can print it out for you. If not then Jewel is here from 8am until 3pm."It was too late, for this type of response.  It was a shame, because I have been dealing with Jewel, for years, and had always been satisfied, until now, a very disappointing experience.
5	I've used these guys a couple times and they always come through.  Everything is as I asked for and if there's a problem they call me beforehand and help me work through it.  I have to say: the reviewer named "Janine" must have had a solitary experience and it sounds like she's quite judgmental.  Janine, that was a cruel and rude comment about that lady that helped you; shame on you.Otherwise, thank you Copy Works!
5	Needed to make some copies of forms and my passport for an application and needed to get it done stat. Opened up Yelp to find a local place nearby.First place that wasn't Fedex or Kinkos was JC Printing. They didn't actually offer personal copying service but did point me to Copy Works right next door. Stopped by was helped right away and was out the door in about 2 minutes. Total cost for 4 b&w copies was 40 cents. It was so cheap I felt bad taking my change, but there was no tip jar. So I guess I'll show my appreciation with a little Yelp love. They also offer business cards, wedding invitations, and brochure printing for those with more commercial printing purposes. Apparently also offer pick up and delivery, so they'll come to you, which is nice.
