5	After a little procrastination in establishing my 2 kitties with a vet closer to our new home in NoDa, I decided to call on one of my days off to see if they could schedule an appointment in the near future. I was so thrilled they were able to fit me in the same day and even more thrilled to see that, even though it took a but of time filling out paperwork and sorting through the previous vet records I brought in, Dr. Gayle and Pamela were WONDERFUL in handling my 2 babies, one of which is a lover but a bit nervous around people he's never met before. They were so professional, taking their time in the exams and answering all my questions, but so nurturing and anything but "clinical." I am so happy I found a vet I am so comfortable with in my neighborhood! I would highly recommend them to anyone!
5	NoDa Animal Hospital is the greatest Vet that our family has ever experienced! The staff are absolutely outstanding and within seconds, you can see that they truly care for your pet's health and overall well-being. NoDa Animal Hospital is a gem and I am so grateful for the love and care they have showed and continue to show to our 2  dogs! Our family will always consider NoDa Animal Hospital to be the premier Vet in Charlotte and we will always support this great business. We believe in supporting local businesses like the NoDa Animal Hospital and I hope you will too! They truly care for you and your pets!
5	We have an exceptionally difficult cat... Hissing, spitting, fur flying, the whole 9 yards every time we go to the vet. Dr. Gayle was wonderful with him! Not only did she take the time to listen to our concerns and respond to them, she did so with a great attitude and just the right amount of empathy. She did a very thorough exam and even gave him a  pretty cool lion haircut (because we asked). Overall, Dr. Gayle is the best vet we've been to. We haven't ever reviewed a business on yelp before, but Dr. Gayle was so exceptional we feel we had to spread the word. Best vet in town! Prices are reasonable too!
5	Let me paint the picture. We are obsessed with our Chihuahua. When I say obsessed- I mean we have had a painting commissioned after him. A typical Saturday is centered around him. HE WALKED DOWN THE AISLE AT OUR WEDDING. We are obsessed. We decided to change our vet due to their prices steadily increasing to the point that we could no longer justify going there. Our amazing, perfect Chihuahua ended up having a series of problems. We also brought in our other Chihuahua who can be a demon dog and attack.1. Oona was INCREDIBLE with the demon dog. Not one problem. This dog is known for being evil. He loves Oona.  You have to be confident and firm with him. 2. The amazing Chihuahua is deaf and difficult to calm. I felt horrible. Oona knows our obsession with this dog and saw some possible problems. She wasn't able to help him- but referred him to another clinic. I LOVE THAT OONA DID THAT. She was able to say "I can't help with this- try these people, I trust them and they have the right equipment for this..." instead of pretending to be able to fix it. That made me trust her a lot more. She also repeatedly called and checked in with us while he was getting worked on.3. The environment is excellent. Kelli and Pamela also work there and they are incredibly friendly. Everyone in the office genuinely loves animals. They don't want to screw you over. The want to fix the animal.4. It is so inexpensive. Incredible prices in comparison to all of the other places we looked into. It is inexpensive AND excellent service. I highly recommend this vet. My amazing Chihuahua is healthy and happy. I would only give him the very best.
4	In town visiting family, and my dog has been having loose stools, so I called them up yesterday morning and they were able to get me in. The staff here is wonderful, *especially* the veterinarian. My dog is almost 10 years old and is an extremely large golden retriever - not fat, just long and big bone structure...head bigger than a rottweiler! She was incredibly thorough with him, so gentle and you can tell she has a genuine love for animals. She called him "grandpa" which I thought was very endearing :). It's nice to know that there's a great place to take my pets if the need ever arises when we're in Charlotte visiting family & friends. Highly recommend!
5	I truly cannot say enough good things about NoDa Animal Hospital's whole team from Pamela at the front desk to the vet techs and especially Dr. Gayle. I have three dogs and previously went to another animal hospital that steadily increased their prices and decreased their service big time. I originally brought a "foster" dog I'd found on the street here after the aforementioned vet requiring his sedation to be seen. He is, to be fair, a complete jerk at the vet. I knew there was a way to make it work and had heard good things about NAH so gave them a call and setup an appointment. Dr. Gayle and her team took the time and energy to work with me so we can all have a pleasant visit even if someone still has the nickname Hannibal. A foster failure and over a year later and she still takes the time for a thorough exam and answers all questions whether it's a routine exam or a special visit. I highly recommend them and while I like the ease of getting a quick appointment now I genuinely hope they're soon so busy there's a waiting list!
5	What an amazing group of folks. The service and support they provide... even in the hardest of times, is beyond compare. Their compassion shows in everything they do, not just with the furry friends... but with their human counterparts as well.
5	I work in this industry so I am probably more picky than the "average" pet owner.  I've been to a number of vets in Charlotte during the past 8+ years, and have to say I am especially impressed with this place.  Here is what I love so much:1.  The facility is SMALL.  This is not an impersonal mega-clinic with 8 doctors, 5 busy and stressed people running the front desk, and a chaotic waiting room.  It is very personal and consequently a quiet and low-stress experience for both customers and their animals.  The whole staff seems to genuinely appreciate their customers and enjoy their jobs.2.  Kelly is excellent at handling cats.  I am the first to admit, cats can be scary!!!  I can't imagine trying to hold down a frightened cat, while he is trying to claw, bite or escape.  Kelly sprayed some pheromones in the room to relax my cat, Pretzel, and handled him with calm, quiet, authority.  She restrained him in a way that was safe, and didn't allow him to struggle or panic.  This is different than what I have seen at other facilities, and I was very impressed!3.  Dr. Gayle takes her time w/ patients.  I was not rushed in and out.  I got a lot of time to ask questions and write down answers.4.  The exam was really thorough.  So thorough that Dr. Gayle actually found some serious issues that I wasn't told about when I adopted my cat.  I was originally told he was healthy, but Dr. Gayle found 2 scratched eyes, an upper respiratory infection, and a heart murmur!  Her careful exam means that now Pretzel has the medicine he needs to be happy and comfortable.  I am so glad none of these things escaped her attention!5.  The prices seem to be low (I've only had 2 visits so far) compared to other facilities in the area.I'm so glad to have this vet practice in my neighborhood!!!
5	I have a 17-year-old dog and a 10-year-old cat. Please believe me when I say I have seen a lot of veterinarians over the years, and I actually have had many positive experiences at a variety of clinics. However, my recent visit to NoDa Animal Hospital really stood out for all the right reasons. Dr. Gayle gave my cat the most thorough physical exam he's ever received, while also taking plenty of time to try to build some rapport with him (despite her best efforts, he was standoffish but he may yet relent). The facility has an exam room just for cats, which is such a nice touch, no random dog smells to add to the stress and she was quick to spray cat pheromones around. Since Dr. Gayle is the only doctor, the waiting room was not hopping with other pets.  She was open and willing to answer any and all of my questions. She did not seem to be trying to drive up revenue with random add-ons, and the prices for the services she did provide were totally reasonable. It was a great experience.
