5	Both of my daughters had their wisdom teeth removed by Dr Johnson.       Everyone from the office staff, nurses to the doctors are very professional, friendly and caring. Office is very clean and modern. Highly recommended.
1	This is the second time I have been here and both times I encountered doctors who really short with me and acted bothered that they had to explain things to me. Today though, the woman who helps the doctor (I'm not really sure what her title is) was completely unprofessional. She stood outside the door of the room I was in and complained to the doctor about me saying she didn't know why I came back to the office if I didn't like the prescription I was given last time. Completely rude! I guess she got her wish though because I certainly won't be going back there.
1	Where do I start... I'll keep it simple.  I went to Dr. Johnson as a complex case from a work comp injury.  I had a severe infection and needed a tooth pulled, a bone graft, and an implant.  I asked him to send the tooth to pathology when he pulled it and to be absolutely certain the infection was cleared up before doing the bone graft.  He did none of what I asked.  I returned to his office in excruciating pain over 10 times and placed several phone calls to Lisa.  Yeah, she is sweet until there is a problem.  The doctor would look in my mouth and tell me everything looked fine.  Like he was f'in superman and had x-ray vision.  Well guess what Dr. Johnson, things were not fine.  I now have a chronic bone infection in my face, had 2 months of PICC line antibiotics and was in the hospital for 7 days with meningitis and a blood infection.  Anyone can pull teeth, next time when your patient is crying and says something is wrong - you may want to listen.  You suck.  Oh, by the way did I mention I am still sick 2 years later.  STAY AWAY from this arrogant idiot.
5	Being a previous happy customer at Nevada Oral and Facial Surgery aka  www.nofslv.com , we took our mother-in-law here for the All-On-4 dental implant procedure to replace all her teeth on top and bottom instead of the lesser alternative of dentures.  She is very, very pleased with the results and would recommend to anyone who needs full teeth replacement.  Beware of the lower priced dentists whom say they can do everything by themselves (Dr. Gallimore of 702-dentist.com did the 2nd half restoration part); you need a skilled surgeon to do the first half correctly and a skilled dentist to do the second half restoration.  I believe you get what you pay for and sometimes not even that if you have to get it redone later.  I'd also be wary of the cheaper mini-implants that others try to say are just as good, they are not in my opinion.  Nevada Oral & Facial Surgery has a lot of videos on YouTube  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLznnTPDEYA ) and an awesome staff.
5	Although it was because I was in a great deal of that I had to go there. I had a great experience. The staff was very nice and genuinely concerned for the way I was feeling. I had 2 extractions and I didn't feel a thing. I would highly recommend this wonderful place for any oral surgery.
5	If you live in the Henderson area, there is no reason not to see any other oral surgeon. Despite my fears of getting my teeth extracted, Dr.Johnson did such a wonderful job in making the procedure less stressful. The aftermath of the procedure was painless and manageable. Dr. Johnson explained everything beforehand and made me feel completely at ease. I will definitely be coming back to get my other wisdom teeth pulled. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I was even given a nice little care package to take home. It is comforting to have such a caring and trusted professional that I can recommend to family and friends!
5	This was my first surgery and I was of course nervous. Dr. Johnson and his staff were the best experience i could ever have had.
