1	Dear toes and fingers - I am sorry!!! This place had a 4-star on google!After getting passed between three different people, I left with 50 lbs of nail polish on my nails. Finger nails were filed different lengths and needless to say all the nail polish fell off (not chipped off, came off in giant chunks) within a day or two.They also only take cash, there is a liiiiiiiitle sign by above the cash register.
4	I've been here several times, and I think they do a great job.  Very meticulous and the staff is friendly.  Their selection of polishes are OPI which beats the typical roundup of Essie.  I'm pleased with them and a manicure/pedicure is reasonably priced ($30).
4	This place has been my cheap go-to mani pedi spot for almost 2 years now. I have never had an issue and always leave satisfied. No, you won't get aromatherapy oils or lava rocks massaged into your calves, but you will get a nice selection o OPI colors and friendly service. The younger gal (I think the owners, daughter?) does a great job and is super sweet and friendly. They take credit cards now, which is a huge plus!
1	Great salon if you don't mind that they use the same implements for subsequent customers without disinfecting them.My pedicurist fished what looked like bathroom tissue out of the garbage to use as toe separators after my polish was applied.Not the most sanitary or relaxing salon; that's an understatement.
1	Kim and Lee now have no staff because they said having staff is "inconvenient".  They have a very busy waik in customer base and it is more than they can handle.  And also as another reviewer mentioned, they do not sanitize their utensils between customers.  The last time I went there I called first and asked Kim if there was a wait and she told me no.  I said I will be right over (she knows that I live within 5 minute walking distance).  When I got there the salon was full.  I waited 30 minutes and then Kim told me that she still had to do another manicure before she could take me.  She said "Right after you called everyone walked in".  It is too bad that they are trying to save money by cutting corners regarding staff and hygiene.  I'm glad that Squirrel Hill now has more nail salons.  Kim and Lee had the monopoly for a long time.    The salon down the block across the street does an excellent job.
5	I'm surprised by all the negative reviews on yelp. I got a gel manicure yesterday and although I've only been there once, I enjoyed the experience so much I wanted to tell people about this salon!As other reviewers have noted, there are few staff members and I did notice that the owners (husband/wife) were doing the primary work. The woman who did my nails seemed to be their daughter? I ended up waiting about 5 minutes for her to finish with another customer (not bad for a walk-in on a busy Saturday afternoon). I asked for a gel french manicure and she was amazing! Very efficient, very careful and gentle with every step. Given that the owners themselves are the staff, it seemed to actually be a pro because they put care into their work as opposed to places with large, unmanaged staff.Pros: The reason why I'm raving about it is because I paid $35 for a gel french manicure, which is the same price I've paid for a normal (not gel) manicure at more upscale Shadyside salons.. and my nails look much better! I remember always fussing and being anal about little problems with my nails after expensive manicures, and this is not the case here. I am so glad I decided to walk in. My manicurist was friendly and down to earth, and it was nice for me to notice they knew all the customers who were walking in. They seem to have regulars from the neighborhood who come weekly which is a good sign.Cons: Again, I've only been there once and so far have not experienced anything negative. However, I can see that if you want immediate service it may be understandable that some people are giving them poor reviews. A few people walked in and they were given an estimate of 15 minutes or so, but these people happily said they'd walk around forbes and come back. But, these were walk-in services, so I think that's more than fair.Response to other people's complaints:-In terms of people's comments about sanitation.... I didn't have any such poor experiences. My manicurist used things that were all clearly cleaned and soaking in proper cleansers, and she was meticulous in cleaning everything in between. Perhaps this is something they changed?-Credit card issue? I paid by credit and that wasn't an issue so I'm not sure what happened there for other customers. They do not, however, put tip on the credit card so make sure to bring cash for that portion (I don't see why anyone would complain about that though, I've experienced that across the board with more upscale places and other types of services too).Summary: I really recommend this place! I told myself I wouldn't let myself get regular manicures because of the price, but after this experience I think it'll be hard not to! Great service, very reasonable prices ($30 gel, $10 regular manicure; addition $5 if you want french), a rare neighborhood/family feel with them remembering all their customers and maintaining an on-going relationship.
