4	Great spot, with a Mexican wrestling theme (Lucha Libre).  The location is very convenient, easy to find parking, the interior is cool, they have these hanging swings for the 2 seater tables and a mix of leather sofas, and tables throughout the rest of the bar.  Very relaxed atmosphere, a good mix of drinks and the food was probably the best Mexican food I've had in Montreal.  I've been to Mexico a number of times and this is as close as it gets.  The Nachos were great, I had the ones with Chorizo and steak meat, and the tacos were awesome too.Good selection of beers, from the typical Mexican variety, to the locals and ones like Stella.  Prices were great, and will be a definite repeat in the near future.
3	The salsa verde nachos with sausage are delicious, I'll give you that. The red walls and giant luchador posters and swings and couches are cozy. The DJ mixing at 6pm on a Friday: appreciated. The unfortunate twist? Steak gristle in the otherwise tasty vegetarian burrito. You don't want that, especially not at $13.We agreed we'll probably be back though, because so much of our experience was a win: affordable drinks, cozy, nachos, music and the overall unpretentious (if a little haphazard) cuteness of the staff, guys and girls.
4	Nacho Libre is one of my favorite flicks, so we HAD to check this place out!  First, the decor - yes, it's all about Nacho Libre with not only images of masked wrestlers on the walls, but the taps were masked too.  Several of the tables have swing chairs, suspended from the ceiling by chains. And there were TVs all around, first showing Ghostbusters, and then old-school American Gladiator.Second, the food -  we had Pastor Tacos & a Chorizo Burrito.  The tacos were delightful -- small in size, but several come in an order so it's cool, accompanied by a tower of salsas and flavored oils which made it a fun culinary experience.  The chorizo burrito was outstanding, the tortilla was warmed to a slight crisp, well-balanced flavors, and very satisfying.  It's worth noting that we had originally tried to order things in reverse (Chorizo Tacos & Pastor Burrito), but we followed the bartender's recommendation and switched it up.  We were not disappointed!Third, the beer - well, they had several beers on tap, but no IPA.  We settled on a Pilsner that was mediocre, at best.  It didn't detract from the overall experience too much, as we enjoyed the atmosphere and food tremendously!
4	The food, the service, the size, the ambiance, the music! All really good. The Tacos are pretty good. here's the thing, taco are usually thos crispy Old El Paso taccos, now, for once, we got the real thing with lot of sauce and seasoning. Pretty good! Every single one of them. As for the bar, well, it was pretty full so they were working drink 2 hours non stop! pretty rock n roll. Amazing drink, not expensive. So it was pretty cool to get a nice evening there. The place has a cool bunch of vintage clip of American Gladiator, and some pictures of Nacho Libre. There's a big love for the Kitsch there. For me it's very kitsch but in a fun way.I want to got back there, the food was really good drinking food plus there's a very good ambiance. So overall, really nice spot for food ans boozing.
3	The kid in me absolutely LOVED eating while swinging (in a swing chair... geez... minds out of the gutter!) But the geriatric in me, the one who enjoys foods that he can just pick up and eat (with hands or cutlery) without having to pick off bones or connective tissue was not pleased at all. Had the steak burrito and, while tasty, all was lost when I bit into one piece that my teeth couldn't get through - and they're all mine, and in good shape. Arg. In other news, I expected more (in the literal and figurative senses) for my money but thanks to the edible parts of my Nacho Libre meal, (and, of course, the swings!) I left satisfied enough.Arriba (though sans-exclamation.)
4	I had a great time here! I gulped away some amazing mojitos and margaritas made by the friendly, cool, and energetic staff! They were delicious, strong, and ice cold - a great way to put out some heat after a beautiful (almost summer) day! The chicken and beef tacos were fantastic! The music was cool, I was diggin' the selection from start to finish... especially when I was feeling a little tipsy and swinging away on the coolest bar seats known to mankind. Putting everything else aside, I would come here JUST to do this over and over again. As Mark G. said, it brought out "the kid in me"! I'd love to come here again, however it's a little out of reach so I don't see it happening too often. But I'd love to when I get the chance again!
4	FUN FUN FUN! The food was great. I love a good location with great eats.  Nacho libre is always a great place to grab a beer and eats some great nachos. I love going when I'm in the neighbourhood!
3	not sure about this place.. its kinda hipster pretend wanna be kinda place.. with fake mexican vrais quebecois style atmosphere.. food is OK but at $20 for 2 tacos (after taxes) kinda expensive - we ended up spending $150 on 4 people some beers and food recently there.. expensive for boreal beer and a-ok food... service is a-ok as well.. even though they did not have some beers listed on a menu and ran out of chicken for tacos ;) uve got nintendo in a back.. so thats kinda neat especially after few pitchers.. i live in a condo not too far away.. so i prolly be back.. but if u r from somewhere else and dont have too much time to waste.. u might wanna skip this place.. unless u wanna be a pretend hipster wanna be.. like me..
4	Parfait bar de quartier: bonne bouffe, bon prix, ambiance chaleureuse mais surtout on s'entend parler!
3	'Dive' bar? Yeah, no kidding. Came here for a group event and we were the first patrons at the bar so you'd think that drinks would come fairly quick, but no, they most certainly did not. Some in the group got beer quickly while others had to try and flag down the waitress and then follow her back to the bar so they could join in the fun too.The food: don't come here for it, just don't. The nachos were mostly tasteless and bad and the burrito was very, very blah, as was the salsa.The ambiance, location and music were all great though, and who doesn't love drinking beer while sitting on a swing? The swings alone give that place an extra star. Oh, and I like the Mexican wrestler pics all over the walls: cool.
1	I'd been looking to try this restaurant for over a year now, since I moved into Little Italy. Known as one of the few "good" burrito places in Montreal, my girlfriend and I went and each tried a different one (vegetarian & beef) to get a feel for it. To summarize the experience, I found the service slow, the atmosphere distracting and overwhelming, but most disappointing of all was the incredibly overpriced and overrated burritos. For $15 (veg) & $17 (beef), we each received burritos that were half the size of a usual burrito you'd find at Chilenita, M4, or really anywhere else in this burrito-deficient city, and were much less delicious. So, for double the price of a burrito anywhere else, you can head to Nacho Libre for a burrito that tasted like they had nothing in them but green peppers and ranch sauce - and made our stomachs hurt for the next 24 hours. Save your self a waste of time and money.
1	Nacho Libre's sexist and scary jokes on their signage and social media lose me as a customer for sure. http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/toula-foscolos/sexist-jokes-women_b_4815632.html?utm_hp_ref=tw
1	These guys are woman hating misogynists who named their bar after a Jack Black movie. That should say it all.
2	Short and sweet: I totally loved the atmosphere of the bar.  Crazy 80's aerobics videos playing all around the bar, the swings, the chocolate chip cookies we were offered (gratis) as soon as we walked in, the video game references everywhere... Never seen anything like it, and it was much appreciated.  However, the bartender was primarily focused on flirting with first my friend, and then another girl at the bar, and could hardly give the time of day to anybody else he was supposed to be serving.  He kept pouring free drinks, which I'm sure some people love but to me is utterly unprofessional - he is blatantly stealing from his employer!  The drink selection wasn't anything special, and coupled with the misogyny I learned of after the fact... It was fun to experience once, but I won't be back.  And there ya have it.
1	I would have given this place 3 stars based on a handful of visits, cool decor and some interesting swing-seats. It seems like a good place for a date, although from what I remember it was a bit pricey.I've thought about returning, until I heard that the bar management thinks jokes about domestic abuse are a good way to sell drinks and bring in business. Now I KNOW there is no need for me to return. Sexism and misogyny are bad for business.
4	NACCCHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOoooooOOOOOOOOOoooooo................LIIIIIIIBBBRRRREEEEEE..... OLE!Lol, so I saw this in a blog about bars that you should visit in Montreal and since it had vintage video game area, and a neat luchadore theme I decided to make a point of hitting it up on a sunday night for food and drink after a long walk in old Montreal.So, like...it was Sunday, not too busy so I likely shouldnt have expected it to be lively in there and packed with people tho I did.... but it wasn't packed, and I was okay with that, just had a hankering to get down on some nachos, slam a couple of pints and call it a night. So I did!First off, it does look pretty cool in there, lots of pictures of dudes in luchador masks on the walls, just outright cool decor, the one corner was a "Nintendo Zone" and had like 4 Nintendo systems hooked to a TV with some couch seating and a coffee table.... cool beans, I can dig it.I straight up told the waitress/bartender that I was super hungry so she suggested either I get the burrito or this one particular nacho platter that I couldnt read cuz I dont speak that much french but I knew it had some sort of beef and chorizo n cheese and that was good for me, check. When it came out it was fully loaded with a buncha meats on it... the lighting in there was pretty dark so it was hard to tell what it was so I just went to town on it.... the only issue I had was that the meat was kinda dry, but I had been predrinking before I showed up and with my need to feed it really didnt matter. HOWEVER there was massive amounts of the gooeyest, thick cheese in layers all over the darn thing and I loved the heck out of it.... also I snagged a friends side of sour cream that he didnt want with his tacos and it was uber thick and very very nice. So for like.... drunk dude food, It was a real winner.Drinks ..... I just had pints, some kinda red ale... (again i dont speak french so i dunno, it said red somwhere so i went for it) .... What I will talk about though it the neat drinks my wife was enjoying which were vodka based drinks in tall glasses with a freezie inside that tasted like whatever colour the freezie was. So she had blue... and purple... and she liked the blue one better and told me it was real good, so theres that.Oh.... almost forgot, they have suspended swinging chairs at some of the tables alongside the bar my wife and her friend were swinging away and enjoying their freezie drinks. I think if I had gone on a busier night it would have been even more fun for us all but it was a real good time, a bit pricer, but it's not a dive so its to be expected that a trendy cool bar would cost a lil more and its worth it. Check it out!
3	Place is cool with a different stile. The only thing I didn't like was the price for what you got,I ordered a double mojito and thought it was going to be a big drink such as la destillerie type BUT no way.... I got a really small drink and tasted like water for 15 bucks plus tip????  then the food  looked good but for that price I prefer not to spend 17 dls on 2 quesadillas.
3	The tacos are pretty good, not sure if they are worth $15. What they have going for them is all the TVs for the hockey games, shots if you select a player that will score and the swing seats.
