1	Stopped into this branch on Thursday, Feb 17th. I drive past it all the time on the way to work and have long thought it would be convenient to do business at this location. The hours on the door indicated they were open until 5:30 and I arrived right at 5pm. The branch was empty with the exception of a few employees. I was greeted by one of the tellers. I explained my desire to apply for a loan and was directed to a young man named Anthony. Anthony could barely muster a friendly attitude. He was visibly annoyed to have to deal with me so close to branch closing hours. Immediately realizing his frustration I apologized for coming in so late and explained that I (like most people) have to work until at least 5pm but was able to get away a few minutes early to take care of some business.One benefit to his eagerness to be done with me is that he flew through the process. I was literally done by 5:18. At which point his attitude improved significantly. The very next day I received a follow-up call from the Sunwest Federal Credit Union loan team. They needed some additional information which I was happy to provide. I'm not sure what it is about the folks at this Credit Union but again I got a huge amount of attitude. It was clear she felt bothered to have to deal with me. Ultimately I decided to take my business elsewhere. There are just too many other banks and credit unions that would appreciate my time and business. I'd recommend that you make a similar decision if good friendly customer service is important to you and your preferred banking experience.
4	I've been with Sunwwest for 4 years now and have been consistently happy with the service they provide.  I always recieve friendly customer srevice, timely respnses, and will continue to bank with them.
5	You know what's great? Walking into a banking establishment and having the tellers know your name! I've been with Sunwest for 27 years, and I've never had any fees charged to me (yay automatic and free overdraft protection!) Your mileage may vary, but I love these guys. This branch is fantastic. All the employees are friendly and knowledgeable.
4	I'm a huge fan of Sunwest! This location is definately the most convenient to get to besides the cactus branch. The staff at this location is very friendly and always willing to help you out. If you need a loan ask if you qualify... They will be more than willing to sit you down and talk over some options you may qualify for. I'm happy Sunwest locations are open Saturdays now! I can see how that's awesome for those who work a five to nine job. Now if they ALL had drive through windows! (Super convenient!) If you wanna drop your lousy bank and move your finances to a place you can trust any Sunwest branch will do!
