4	I stay here about 12 times a year, 3 days per stay.  Have been staying here since 2006.  Rooms are nicely amenitied for the price:  desk/work area, flat-screen TVs, full kitchen, sofa/sofabed, bathroom.  While not the highest in quality, the beds are comfortable, the rooms are clean, and the hotel is in a good location.  The staff is always friendly and makes me feel welcome here.  Quality compares to a Courtyard, Hampton Inn, or Holiday Inn Express.
2	I stayed here for 11 nights for business. The location was great and it only took 5 minutes to get to work.   My first night I return from dinner and drinks around midnight.   I am unable to get in my room.  Somehow the gold bolt like thing that can only be latched from the inside shut behind me.   I get the girl behind the front desk to assit.  I do understand this is just a fluke and not her fault but when she can't get it open and tells me that I will have to wait for maintenance to come in at 8am I find this to be totally unacceptable.    I tell her I am here for business and I have to be at work the next day and can't show up in the same clothes.  She offers to put me in a 2 bedroom suite-all fine and dandy but it doesnt change the fact i am in a skirt and panty hose which i have been wearing for 20 hours at that point.   I don't know what good she thought the suite would do.   I needed my stuff bottom line and before 8am.  So I didnt believe it when i was told the maintenance guy was coming out.  I did thik it was an effort for her to get rid of me and my griping. He did come out and i stood at my door until finally it opened.    I then asked if i could keep the suite for all of the trouble and was told she would speak to her manager.    Did this ever happen?  Of course not.    Nor did I think it would.  This is unaccpetable that the front desk thought it was ok for me not to have access to my stuff.   In addition they kept trying to blame me by saying i slammed the door shut.   These doors don't slame even if you try.    There were some other issues with the people i was traveling with as well.  Cold showers, calls in the middle of the night and missed wake up calls.    I would only stay here again if forced to for work travel!  The only reason this isnt 1 star is due to the free breakfast and hot cookies.  Also the computer worked nicely  in the lobby.    The room itself was okay but pillows were odd size so couldnt prop them well.
1	Absolute worst hotel experience I have ever had.  Stayed here for 11 nights for business in January with Nicole B.  We each had our own separate set of issues with this place (see her review).  The 3rd party in our group did not have her corporate card yet, so we had to put both her room and mine on my card at check in.  The front desk clerk (Roslyn) advised me that it would be no problem to move the authorization to the new card once my coworkers card arrived, and to remove it from mine. However, that is not what happened.  The card arrived 2 days later (Wed) and the hotel moved the authorization to her card ($750).  The clerk said mine would be removed.  As of Friday morning, the authorization for $750 was still on my card and her card.  Because I had 2 authorization for 2 hotel rooms, this was using up my available credit for our meals for the 2 weeks.  On Friday morning, a different clerk said she wasn't authorized to take care of this issue.  I said excuse me?? Then she said she would try, and proceeded to make a phone call.  She later advised me that there was nothing she could do.  I said this was unacceptable, that I was told this would be addressed at check in, and I could not go the rest of the week without my available credit on my corporate card.  Then Roslyn called me in the room and was very rude, and said that she told me that it would be up to the bank to be released.  That was not what she said, and I work at the bank, I know that all she has to do is call them up and tell them to release it!  She then tried to tell me that the bank had to write a letter to have the authorization released.  How does anyone that works at the front desk not know that all you have to do is call the merchant line and request to remove the authorization??  I was stunned that a hotel would think it would be acceptable to NOT resolve an issue immediately, and that employees would be so rude! I told Roslyn that this was completely unacceptable!  Finally, I received a call from the hotel manager.  She advised me that she would resolve the issue by Saturday morning and she did. While I appreciate that she did finally resolve this, it should not have taken all week and the employees should not have been rude to me.  Additionally, the hotel only gave us a partial receipt at checkout but we did not know this until the following week.  They claimed they checked us out and back in to keep the corporate rate, (which they never told us) but only gave us a partial receipt for the first part of our stay.  I called to get the second receipt and was told by the person that answered the phone that everyone was "busy" and someone would get back to me.  Of course no one ever did.  Luckily corporate approved my charge without the second receipt, because who knows if I ever would have obtained a copy.  What a disgrace, which is suprising for a Marriott.
