3	Henderson's is an institution in Edinburgh - a trail-blazing vegetarian-only restuarant before such things were de rigeur (and we're talking over 40 years ago). It's still a good place for vegetarians, and one of the few places to take vegan friends. But for my money it hasn't quite moved enough with the times: it still feels a bit basic and cafe-like (you collect a tray and go up to the counter), and the prices are a little high for what you get. But it is reliable, the ingredients are always fresh, and the array of salads is impressive. A better bet for lunch in my view. They've recently revamped the bistro next door, which offers a more upmarket dining experience with modern decor, though I have not eaten here. They are open on Sundays, albeit closing at 22h. What is it with veggie places and early closing?
2	Read a lot of great reviews about this place but we were disappointed.I ordered the Haggis which was very bland and underseasoned, it came with a pasta salad which was just ok and cole slaw with apples and raisins which was slightly better. The vegetable stroganoff was more like vegetable soup because there were no noodles-it had good flavor but not really that substantial for a meal. The baked Aubergine was ok but pretty boring. Hendersons is like early 70's vegetarian food-it just was not that exciting.
4	Had a really good lunch here.Very tasty stuffed crepe, followed by excellent toffee and walnut cake. Definitely one to go back to.Plus they do gigs in the evening.
4	Deli style, with a menu denoting vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  It's simple, clean and bright, and as a bonus it doubles as an art gallery.
3	Hendersons is fantastic if you are vegetarian. I am not, so it ain't my thing. My Granny likes it here after she took my vegetarian aunty here when she was at Edinburgh uni, 30 years ago. So she often takes me and I can appreciate it is a great place for vegetarians with a huge selection of dishes. The service is top notch also. However. Why mess with Flapjacks? After the initial shock of my meatless lunch, my Granny filled my hand with change and sent me to buy a cake from the counter. I licked my lips and chose a nice thick Flapjack. I hurried back to my seat and took one bite and was confused. Where was the syrupy, chewy goodness I was expecting? It had been replaced by some rather tasteless sawdust. Clearly in Vegan/Vegetarian world nice sweet cakes are a no no. This gives me a case of the sads.
4	Upmarket deli's are the mainstay of most affluent areas, and Henderson's fits within this bracket.  Prices are high but the quality is good, in particular the scones are a treat!A restaurant looms in the background with the deli counter at the forefront. There's far too many appealing eats to even let you near the restaurant.  The frittata is a true gem too, with most other deli offering covering both the vegan and gluten free bases.A top choice if your paying with the company card, which I believe 90% of the clientele here will be doing.
4	When we were both young, The Librarian and I used to stop in here for lunch.  Neither of us is vegetarian, but Hendersons is not the sort of restaurant where the diner has to have eschewed meat to feel satisfied by the vegetarian fare.Now that we are older and no longer living in the windy city, we still enjoy visiting this comfortable haunt from the old days, and I have to say that like the best Scotch, it started good and has improved over the years.I always find the same problem here;  what do I decide not to have in order to save room for the delights I decide to enjoy.
4	Hendersons is a veritable veggie institution in Edinburgh, so if you're non-meat inclined, or you're just in the mood for some super tasty food, then swing by Hendersons if you're around the new town.There is an extensive selection of vegetarian food available here, made with locally sourced, high quality ingredients, and you have a choice of eating in the basement restaurant, the bistro, or taking a quick bite away from the deli. The basement restaurant is probably my favourite part of Hendersons, with its canteen style array of amazing looking salads, specials, soups, and other enticing delights to try. The restaurant is open from breakfast time until the evening, where its laid back dining style and often live music always seems to attract quite a few people.The bistro part of Hendersons offers a relaxed, pleasant, and slightly more formal a la carte format in cheerful looking surroundings. A visit to the deli is a treat, with a range of yummy looking items, including the usual sandwiches, veggie pizzas, and frittata and falafel.
3	This shop boasts to be one of the best at offering high quality health foods and vegetarian foods, but all this comes at a price that is perhaps overdone.That said, the specials aren't too bad value for money and this is a place that is good at providing quick food for vegetarians and vegans, which isn't a common trait amongst many shops around Edinburgh.If you are a vegetarian, vegan or even just a very health conscious person you are likely to find benefits to this place.  However, as someone not in these categories I just don't get why this place costs so much.
5	Hendersons is the grand old man of Scottish Vegetarian Restaurants. For those who are old hands at the veggie lifestyle, this place should be the mecca of all things non-meaty. It has a food presentation system of a school cafeteria with you being served by folks that seem to have taken on a vow of servitude after having fallen in love with the place.  The food is pretty good and tasty. You may even make your carnivore compatriots say complimentary things about their meal.The venue is bright with lots of room, even in the back.The price is average and pretty on par with the Central Edinburgh Food tariff. I would visit it more often, if I was closer.
4	Lovely place. A must is their veggie haggis in a pastry parcel with lovely red onion gravy
5	A real favourite of mine. And most of Edinburgh I suspect.Despite being a carnivore, I'm always happy with the food here - it's super fresh and delicious and you don't feel guilty after eating it! The downstairs restaurant offers canteen style ordering - and you can get a good idea of what's available by checking out what's on display. There's normally some type of art on the wall here too - it makes for an interesting place to stop for lunch or breakfast and unwind. There's no pretence; OAPs catching up over pots of tea mix with students and yummy mummies and I've seen a few business meetings being held here too. Just a lovely place to spend some time.The deli upstairs is great for snacks on the go and by all accounts the sit down bistro is a treat to visit.
5	There are many things I miss about not living in Edinburgh anymore, and Henderson's has to be right at the top of that list.  The food is usually good, often excellent, and the prices are far from unreasonable.  I have to say I prefer eating in the Bistro rather than the main restaurant downstairs as it has a warmer atmosphere, though you're paying a little more for your meal there.The best part about it is that there is enough variety and flavour to please most non-vegetarians.  I've taken my mother and sisters there, my mother-in-law and my father, all of whom love their meat, but they've enjoyed the food.  Yes, I'm sure they would have preferred a nice steak, but while they might have gone in there a little apprehensive they came out satisfied and with no reservations about returning.The shop is a little pricy, but let's face it, if you're vegetarian or vegan you're penalised wherever you go.  If you don't want to eat meat but still want a varied diet, you're going to have to pay for it.  The prices are comparable, or even cheaper, than the other main vegetarian stores in the city and the quality is always excellent.This place holds a special place in my heart as it is where I took my wife for our first proper date, where I proposed to her and where we had our wedding reception, but that doesn't blind me to its imperfections.  Getting down the stairs to the toilets from the Bistro is a nerve-wracking experience, the main restaurant downstairs is often crowded and sometimes the staff can be a little hit and miss, particularly the younger workers.  However, its imperfections are far outweighed by the quality of the food and the general ambiance.
5	As a tourist in Scotland, I was curious about haggis.  I'm Asian, so I guess you could say I'll eat about anything (and I pride myself on having an iron stomach--food poisoning, what's that?), but I thought I might have to draw the line at haggis.Then a local told me that Henderson's is the place to go.  Not only is it vegetarian, but they have a veggie version of haggis that supposedly tastes "just like the real thing."  So, we went there and it was fabulous.  It's a small-ish place, but everything was flavorful and just what our starving bellies needed.  Oh, and yes, I got the veggie haggis.  Totally awesome and filling.  I think the texture was nothing like the real thing, but at least now I know what haggis is "supposed" to taste like.  Friendly staff, great food.  What more can you ask for?  Don't even hesitate if you're a carnivore.  You'll be more than satisfied and you'll probably leave with a whole new appreciation of vegetarian food.
5	Where else could I start my Edinburgh reviews, but my favourite vegetarian eaterie? Its not changed(so my mother tells me, in 30 years, but the food is so good why should  it?While some have stated that its lacking in atmosphere, i actually really enjoy the hubbub of conversation. the mix of people and the unpretentious atmosphere. Very much one for the locals as well.Unlike many restaurants, coming here is a great guilt free way to indulge as it all tastes so fresh and you can actually feel the nourishing properties, particularly in the hearty soups and salads.A particular mention for the puddings though, the chocolate mousse is to die for. Henderson's, don't ever change and never stop.
3	OK.  Not the smartest restaurant ever, but it doesn't pretend to be.  Food is perfectly reasonable.  Kind of canteen-style service.  Live music every evening is a nice touch.  Altogether very convenient and pleasant.
5	This place is more about homemade than vegetarian. I am not a vegetarian but I do want flavor with my meal which forced me to Henderson's twice during my stay.  Once for breakfast, once for supper.The breads are good, the entrees are great, crisp, clean flavors.  Just good food.And the service is friendly. We met another American while we were in Edinburgh and the major thing we had in common was we all loved Hendersons.
5	The coffee was just okay and the cheese scone was not bad, but I LOVED the "rock cake".  It was under a pound and just really really good!!!!
2	I'm always left slightly disappointed by Henderson's, with the impression that they've taken some great ingredients, set out to do some interesting things, but ultimately produce dishes that are a bit bland and undercooked.That said, there's also a lot to recommend it; great cakes and desserts and a fine selection of organic beers. The atmosphere is also always great, with plenty of bustle and, often, live music.Prices are on the steep side across the menu and, unless you're a vegetarian and want a wide choice, you'll find much better value at the many restaurants close by.
4	Its an Edinburgh institution. Its Vegetarian. It's unpretentious, basic good, fresh food.YUM!
4	I have a very vague memory of eating here 25 years ago from the days when I first became a vegetarian. I loved having lunch here again yesterday. On the plus side I must say the food is really excellent  among the very best vegetarian food you could find anywhere, really fresh and totally delicious, with a great amount of choice too. I particularly like the way you can order a smaller portion of a main course in order to have some of those gorgeous salads on the side as well. The staff are lovely, so friendly and helpful  I love their big smiles!I so want to be able to give this place 5 stars because I so loved my meal and will most definitely not leave it another 25 years before eating there again! (Pity 4-and-a-half stars aren't an option)Somy only (minor) gripes are that the blackboards aren't that easy to read and the salads could be labelled. I imagine the staff get very tired of having to explain what everything is. It would also be better if there were waitress service  or a compromise where you order at the counter but they bring it to the table. It's not easy having to carry trays of food around looking for a table when you're already laden with shopping!Apart from that, I would say 'highly recommended' for top quality vegetarian cuisine.
2	I came here not too long ago to get a quick take-away bite before heading to school. It took me some time to figure out what I was going to buy... I was QUITE indecisive. I wanted to get the freshest, tastiest looking wrap possible to start my studying day off right! On the shelf there werent too many options, but among them there were a couple that looked quite stale and one being out-of-date. I handed it back to the lady at the till, then proceeded to choose. I went for the spicy bean wrap. I was crossing my fingers that I'd be able to handle the amount of spice (yaneverknowright?), and opted for this. I remember it being around the region of 2.95. Took it away, and hopped on the bus. When I finally had my first opportunity to take a nice bite I found out the wrap. was. spiceless. Now when I say spiceless I mean 1. no spicyness 2. no flavour. I paid 3 pounds for essentially a wrap with black beans in it. No salsa, not much else... oh and they said there was cheese in it. WHAT CHEESE??! SO disappointed. Now I don't know whether Henderson's is one of those places that poorly represents vegan/vegetarian food to be bland and tasteless... but I was disappointed. It was a very poor wrap.  I like vegetarian food! Henderson's you gotta represent better! You're gonna give vege food a bad rep, man!
3	I had lunch here today. Pretty good value for money. I had lentil and apricot soup  (absolutely delicious) which came with brown bread, you get 2 bits but I could only eat one bit! I also had a side salad with rice and egg mayo (decent) and a rasperry,apple,bananna and cranberry juice (sooo good)
4	I really like Henderson's. It's one of those vegetarian places where you can eat relatively light or seriously stuff yourself, whatever you want. I'm not a vegetarian but I am pretty strict about my 5 a day so the range of options here is great. Tasty, hearty, healthy - you won't leave hungry.
5	I've already written a review about the St John's branch, but I thought I should write one about the original too. I have only eaten in the deli, but every time has been a pleasant experience. The soup is really tasty, and there are 3 options a day, which spices up life a bit. I have have morrocan tangine flavour, spicy lentil dal, red pepper, and many other flavours. I usually get it with bread, and there is a choice of seeded roles,  wholemeal, white, sourdough, oatmeal, cheeese scones, and probably some seasonal special. There is a deli counter with lots of ready to cook food made at Hendersons, like lasagna, savoury filled crepes, quiche and so on. I have heard from multiple sources that the vegan cherry pie is very good too.After finishing your lunch, you may be tempted to look around the shop. It's a haven for those with allergies beside vegetarians; I saw many gluten and dairy free products, including chocolate and cookies. The fridges are well stocked up with pre-made sandwiches, salads, sushi, and a few locally made cakes.This is a really lovely central place, and I end up going here if I find myself faint after a few hours of shopping.
5	I love finding cute little independent places like this.  If you're looking for a nice casual place for lunch, check out the deli.  There's so much to chose from and in the end I ordered the hot main (vegetarian haggis) with 3 salads.  They had a good mix of salads ranging from your typical green to pasta salads.  It was so good and wholesome... it felt like it was negating some of the grease I've been consuming on the streets of Edinburgh during the fringe (don't get me wrong - I do enjoy a bit of grease every now and again).  When I got back to London, I was thinking I wish there was a place like this near my office because I'd go back frequently.
5	The deli and restaurant are my favourite lunch spots in town (although all of it's incarnations are great choices)The menu is very varied with plenty options for even the pickiest of eaters. The food is always tasty, fresh, hearty and healthy.  They always seem to get the perfect flavour/combination of flavours! Portions are generous and definitely good value for money.Staff are all very friendly, knowledgeable and happy to meet your needs and answer any questions about their dishes.For a healthy and satisfying meal, you won't find better. The Deli also offers a take-away service which comes in very handy for an office lunch.
4	Yummy and gourmet bean burger ! Cute retro under the stair Resturant . They have a bistro up stairs that I will try next time instead. Lots of room in the downstairs part for meeting big groups. I didn't like the cafeteria style ordering but they bring your hot food out to you so that's good. The food was really great! Gourmet veggie style dishes and beautifully presented!  Food was well priced for the area and once again delicious !!!
3	My food was really good-- my only complaint was the rude waitress who was very angry when I asked if I could eat there, only because she had already boxed it up without asking me if it was to take away or eat in. Not a huge deal, but disheartening for a weary tourist tired from hours of walking!
5	I ate at Henderson's once a week during my time in Edinburgh and never had a disappointing meal.  I never have been and probably never will be a vegetarian but with the meals here you don't even miss the meat.  One of my favorites was the lentil lasagna, which was perfectly flavored and had a generous portion.  I always thought the wine prices were reasonable too.  If you can leave without a scone and fresh clotted cream, good on you.
4	I always make sure to visit Henderson's at least once when I journey to Edinburgh. Eating vegetarian is a nice change and Henderson's does it well.I normally opt for a portion of whatever vegetable soup they have on that day. The soup and the bread it comes with are both pleasant. If I had to criticise, I think sometimes that the soups are slightly under seasoned, but all the tables have salt and paper so it's nothing you can't sort out yourself.I am less enthusiastic about their dessert offerings, however. There's nothing offensive about them, they're just not particularly inspiring. You can expect to see cute looking strawberry tartlets and pastries with kiwi fruit and stuff. It all looks perfectly nice through the glass, but when you get it, you find the pastry is a little heavy and it just doesn't match the higher standards that their savoury food sets.I'd recommend Henderson's for lunch and lunch only. It's ideal for a quick bite to eat for a friend and perhaps something sweet after. The food is not unforgettable, but at the prices Henderson's charges, you don't expect it to be.
5	It's Easter Monday, you ate watery soup for lunch, you're starving but have an appointment in 30 minutes after which you're going to pints. WHAT DO YOU DO??If you're me, you go to the nearest cafe and get a brownie. If you're my beloved, you have a lightbulb moment and suggest Henderson's for something rather healthier and, as I discovered, just as tasty as a brownie. We split the bean wrap.  The Man thought we should each get our own but I thought sharing would be perfect as we were just there for a hearty snack to keep us going. The wrap was FILLED with tasty bean pate (ie, smooth beans) and roast veggies. It HIT THE SPOT.  He even agreed that half a wrap was the perfect amount of food. It was absolutely the best thing we could have chosen and we both felt our rumbling tummies soothe and thank us for the deliciousness.  Henderson's will definitely be our go-to place for a quick bite whenever we're stranded in the New Town area.
4	Around Edinburgh I've found that there isn't a wide variety of good vegetarian/vegan restaurants, however I love this place! The service can be a little slow if it's getting busy and for some the portion sizes may be a tad small, but the prices aren't too bad and the food tastes great! I've found the staff to be pretty friendly too. I have to say the bean wrap is definitely a favourite though :)
5	We visited Edinburgh for about a week and are still daydreaming about the incredible lunch and dinner we had at Henderson's-- this place is such a jewel, in the truest sense... Cozy, unpretentious, caring, and with its heart in the right place-- we were impressed to discover that this vegetarian restaurant has been around for over 50 years! Descending the staircase to walk into the restaurant, you feel like you are tapping into an underground secret realm that feels like a cross between a family home and an inn...The food was really fun and delicious and that flavor was all the more enhanced by the warmth emanating from both the waiters and clientele of locals and visitors alike getting overflowing plates of lovely food. It was a joy watching little old Scottish ladies out to lunch with their friends eating healthy and earth conscious food ;) But our very favorite moment was when we came back for dinner to try their vegan haggis--which is something so sublime I will never forget it! This, coupled with Herderson's live pianist serenading us to Saint-Saens, Ravel, and Bach... make this place one of my most memorable culinary experiencesThank you for all you do, we will surely be back again!
4	I tend to seek out the vegetarian restaurants whenever I travel as I want to avoid meat (unless it's organic or free range) and I can't eat gluten. The only issue is I can't eat onion either and many vegetarian restaurants usually pile their dishes full of onion. At Henderson's Bistro this didn't seem to be a problem at all. I ordered the nachos which were gluten free, then just omitted the salsa and instead had a delicious bean salsa. It was delicious! Plenty of cheese, sour cream, guac and nacho chips. The freshly squeezed orange juice was really nice and we had a chocolate nut cake for dessert which was nice though it was quite heavy. The service was good and the bistro was obviously quite popular as it filled up around us. The menu is small but has a good range of options for everyone. I'd certainly eat there again.
2	Hmmmm, trying to be a vegetarian for the month and, on a trip to Edinburgh was looking for somewhere for lunch. The deli is well rated so I thought I'd give it a go. The food looked amazing!!!! If I ate with my eyes then I would have been an amazing experience ... But let's get down to reality ... There is a limited choice of hot lunches on the menu board and at the time of my visit, parking the soup (pointless waste of food), I was left with different types of burger. So in the interests of comparing like with like, I went for the bean burger as I have more chance of getting those elsewhere than I do something more fancy. It was reasonably priced and there was a good choice of add on items to make it a lunch.   But where would I sit ... The place is small. I had ready had to shuffle past a damp old lady more closely than I otherwise would like to have, just to get to the till. There is limited seating but fortunately an empty stool next to the window sill beckoned and I shuffled up next to a damp middle age man, taking up his news paper page turning arm space and close enough to the window to lick the condensation. The food arrived quickly ... Perhaps too quickly in hindsight ... But it looked lovely.  Here I stumble upon the main issue. A bean burger is pretty much just that, just mushed up beans ... Hendersons had done well to try and disguise the impending disappointment with spicy red sauce on the side, some salad and a bun that had seeds to make it look like the acne on a teenagers cheeks. But it still tasted like mushed up kidney beans ... Aka DULL!!!The many assorted filo parcels were winking and laughing at me from behind the glass chiller. "Should have picked me" they laughed. But they weren't in the eat in menu and I didn't want to sit in the rain eating cold vegetarian food from a paper bag ....Great reputation, Good location, Reasonable price, small, busy and disappointingly bean burgerish. But from other peoples comments I think I picked a duff choice on a wet day when maybe secretly, I was not enjoying playing at being a vegetarian ...
4	The Thai nut burger with a coconut curry cream sauce, some greens and radicchio with vinaigrette and diced cherry tomatoes, all for 8.25 quid, rocked my world. While the spice brought tears to my eyes (I am hypersensitive on spice), I enjoyed the rich flavors involved. I was overall impressed with the variety of veg food available, from soups to stews to salads to lentils and breads (and desserts!)The man playing piano in the back room added a nice touch.
