4	Had to go out of town and looked for many different places to "board" my dog - he's about the size of a Corgi so he didn't need a lot of space, but I definitely preferred to not keep him in a cage. Petsmart's Petshotel is the only place I found with incredibly reasonable prices for the type of boarding spaces they offered. We got him a large room with a regular glass door - not a cage/crate - that had a cot and a television! We also booked a couple of doggie play dates as well as a frozen treat. We were also able to call up and check on him to make sure he was doing okay.At the end of his stay, when we picked him up, we got a report card detailing everything he did, including the dogs he played with, how he ate, etc. I loved this! It was just the kind of attention to detail I was looking for. Best of all, I felt good that everyone that worked there seemed to exude a love for animals - it may be crazy for me to assume, but if you want to work with animals, I hope you love animals, and know patience, understanding and compassion.I know that based off this experience, I would definitely keep them on the top of my list for boarding. And I think it's well worthit getting the bigger space with cot and tv - I know it may seem excessive, but I just never felt comfortable with putting my animals behind "bars." And Petsmart makes this very affordable.
4	As far as PetSmart stores go, this one is pretty good. The customer service is great, the store is clean and everything is easy to find. This particular location hosts an animal rescue (called Paw Placement) which as an animal lover, is refreshing to see. North Scottsdale is a bit of a drive for me but if I am in the area and need to go to a PetSmart, I will head to this store.
5	Nice store! Helpful and friendly staff and the grooming dept is so nice to our two dogs. Love the adoptions they do, as it's a wonderful way to help homeless animals.
3	We have used this PetSmart Grooming several times for one of our smaller dogs with good results.  The cutters and washers seems to move on after several months (we've had three so far), but the service is good, as is the grooming.
5	Ask for Alex - he is very helpful and knowledgeable with products in the store. He is a young college student and works part time but always has a great attitude and finds the best deals for our family. Thanks Alex!
5	We haven't owned a pet for quite some time now. I mean, having a toddler is responsibility enough. However, my daughter and I DO enjoy visiting pet stores from time to time to check out future options. My daughter likes to meet the animals, and we talk about the joys and responsibilities associated with ownership.As we were killing a little time this morning, something very cool caught my eye at this PetSmart.I remember having to go out of town while owning dogs, and I know that our options were very limited. It made visiting relatives extremely difficult. Finding boarding (especially boarding you could trust) was so harrowing. It looks like PetSmart has found a solution. They're now offering pet boarding through their PetsHotel http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UpxWBEAwRhwtjrAPiuHEDQ?select=Q87IW3h_j8np98moAhHnEQ#GugXgMHCF5vO45mckSyZOw. Here, your family friends are afforded all of the amenities they would find at home. The prices are about average. For the top-level overnight package for your dog will run you about $40. This will allow your dog to stay in a suite, includes meals, two walks, a hypoallergenic lambskin bed, a poochy cot, and a tv.  For $29, your dog can stay in the "Attrium "Room", which includes the same amenities as the Suite package, minus the cot and the television http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UpxWBEAwRhwtjrAPiuHEDQ?select=i95QZtDT1ZijIeuxQfH9JQ#DpdcMqeFeEHcE0x84ypNZA. Even if you aren't going out of town, you can still use this facility for "Doggie Day Camp" ($21/day) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UpxWBEAwRhwtjrAPiuHEDQ?select=i95QZtDT1ZijIeuxQfH9JQ#Q87IW3h_j8np98moAhHnEQ. Here, your dog will exercise, play, and socialize all day! When my daughter and I were there today, there were no fewer than a dozen dogs frolicking with one another. They looked like they were having a good time! During the "dog days of summer", bringing your pets here to socialize might be a decent alternative to heat stroke!Now, the facility isn't limited to dogs. They also have services for your feline friends. Overnight for your cat costs $18. For the Day Care, it's only $12, and includes TLC time and a hypoallergenic lambskin bed.Like any menu, they also have "extra" things you can purchase: snack kongs, treat time, group play sessions (in the event that your pet is only receiving the two walks a day treatment), etc. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UpxWBEAwRhwtjrAPiuHEDQ?select=i95QZtDT1ZijIeuxQfH9JQ#XIFLHi-uG-ihMIcJUf0ZiA. I know that we don't have a pet right now. But, having a toddler, I know that we'll inevitably be back in the world of the pet owners soon. Knowing that PetSmart offers this fantastic service will certainly bring me peace of mind in the event that we need to travel!
1	managers are rude.hotel staff needs a course in customer service.make the drive to the 7077 Mayo Blvd Store.thats all i have to say about this location.
4	We needed some treats for the dogs and stopped by this location.  It was raining cats & dogs outside (pun intended) and decided to kill some time until the storm passed over....so, we walked around the store looking at the cats, birds, fish, etc.  As we walked around the store, we were entertained at all of the dogs in the store...we could never bring our dogs in the store, they'd freak out being around the others.Since we do a lot of traveling, we also looked at rates for the pet hotel....$29 per night is not bad.  We'll have to consider bringing the dogs here so the entire family can have a trip together.  We always hesitate to do that though....wish we knew more about it.We found the treats we were looking for and they were on sale....$3.59 down from $5.99...cool, we bought 3 different flavors to give the doggies a variety.  We also needed a new ID tag for one of the dogs and did one of those self service laser tags for $9.50.Overall, it was a good day at the pet store.Return Factor - 80%
1	I have held this petsmart location in high regard, I use their doggie day care, I have used there puppy training classes and I have purchased 90% of my pet supplies from here. Today I returned an item and was given a gift card, before I had even left the store I had managed to lose the gift card (I know it was my fault I dropped the gift card). I returned to the register and the cashier and I looked for the gift card to no avail. The cashier then asked the manager if with my receipt I could be reissued the gift card. The manager said I was out of luck, he was not even willing to get out of his chair. Key point: the day manager is a slovenly, rude man who has no common courtesy
1	Not sure the link between petsmart and the cat adoption center located within its doors but what a horrific experience. We have been considering a cat for some time now, and after persistent pleading, I surrendered to take my nine year old daughter up to see the cats they have available.  The lady at the booth was extremely unfriendly. We told her we we were only considering and would like to see a few.  In a very short manner, she stated that we would be required to fill out an application before we could touch a cat. I told her we were only considering and not sure we want to take the time to fill out their application. She proceeded to ask us some very loaded questions, which we answered and then asked us about declawing. Hadn't been asked that question before and responded that we weren't sure.  She then proceeded to give us her opinion about declawing and stated she wouldn't allow us to adopt if we were going to declaw the cat in a very cold and nasty manner.  Again, we were only there to see the cats not adopt one. It was evident that she wasn't going to let us see the cats so we left. Got to witness a very disappointed daughter for the rest of the day. You people have lost your mind. Cats are being euthanized every day and you are acting like there is an abundance of families wanting to adopt these orphaned animals.  We are a very animal friendly family and yet you would treat us this way for just looking?  We will make sure and tell 20 of our friends about this negative experience. Too many quality adoption agencies around to waste our time with this nasty group.  Beware!
5	This is for the Banfield. I needed to get my dog in TODAY. I tried my regular Banfield on Tatum I got no. Called this one they didn't have an appointment but the girl got me an appointment at another location. She understood my urgency and went above and beyond. Now my sweet puppy is on the road to recovery. Thank you!
5	We like this store except for Banfield pet hospital. Staff has always been helpful and friendly. Great selection of food and treats.  Doggie daycare is professional and friendly. The staff likes dogs and it shows.
1	I am simply giving this petsmart one star due to the extreme lack of customer service. I first stopped at the petsmart on Shea & Tatum and had amazing customer service, amazing enough that they found what I needed at the 90th location. But when getting to this location I was not greeted.. Instead I walked in to what seem to be interrupting someone's conversation. After about twenty minutes and asking two different people for what I was looking for I was just pointed to and told what isle. I ended up finding what I needed on my own and wanted to slap the man ringing me up.
4	I have used Petsmart for dog food, grooming, boarding and Kona's dog toys. They seem to have it all -- for some reason I am not always 100% content. Don't know if it's because of the high retail turnover staff or because it's a chain. Either way, Petsmart has it all and will get the job done. Nothing outstanding to say.
5	Just a wonderful place to drop off your pooch for a day of fun at the doggy day camp. On our overnighter the friendly staff even washed our Bichon's blanket and dog bed. Terrific staff!
1	I haven't yet had a good experience at this PetSmart location. Let's start with last year, when a betta fish I bought died a month after purchase. I went to a different location to buy another and it's still alive 14 months later. Fast forward to a month ago when I adopted a new dog. I went to this PetSmart to buy the necessities because of its proximity to my home. This store has sold me expired food (I suppose I'm partially to blame for not checking the best before date in the store), and dry pet wipes. I've also been turned away from their "walk in" grooming service because they were fully booked (even though I only saw one other dog in there being serviced).I will never return to this PetSmart location.
1	If I could do zero stars I would. I dropped my dog off on Thursday night and picked him on Sunday evening. On Sunday he was bleeding from his ear. They had a note that he "might" have an ear infection....Ya Think?His vet is in the same building and they didn't even call me or the vet.They are experts in torturing animals Do not take your pet here if you love them.I paid $250.00 to have my dog tortured. The vet was appalled when they saw my dog's ear.
4	I'm only reviewing the Pets Hotel here, just to be clear. I take my dog here probably 1-3 times a week for daycare and have since she was old enough to go. The staff there is great. They have gotten to know my dog really well and they take great care of her anytime she is there. I never have to worry when I drop her off there-I know Lissie, Cheyennea, and everyone else will take great care of her.
1	My dog has been boarded and groomed by this store for 10 years. She is now almost 12 years old and the grooming salon decided she is too old for them to bath and cut her. "She is feeble." Tessie is a Welsh Terrier and is sweet as can be. I think everyone should be aware of their feelings to older dogs. This store should be ashamed!!
5	Daisy is considered to be a privileged puppy princess, if you have seen reviews there is no surprise there.  Having been a frequent doggie camp attender everywhere from Pasadena CA (0 stars) all the way to Scottsdale AZ (while i take a con-edu course.)  I don't think that I have ever had better service from a pet hotel that didn't already know us by first name. Every single person in the pet hotel was awesome! I felt like i was in the training ground for pethotel heaven.  Everyone was nice, sincerley friendley, engaging, personable and most of all smiled.  Daisy had been away from day camp for 6+ months so i was a little concerned. But i recieved a full verbal report and of course pawgress report card that was full of details.  But the huge cherty on top was the welcome bag we received at the end of the day.  She tore into it and greatly appreciated the thoughtful over and above details.     I am blown away. We return tomorrow and i will update you on any unforseen changes but all i can say is WOW!  I even ok'd a Sunday if she was acting depressed or unsocial and they didn't give her one. Huge success in my book not to tack on an unnecessary cost, its not like i would have known. Awesome, trustworthy and professional.  WOW!
5	This review is for the pet boarding.  We boarded our Bullmastiff puppy with them through the Thanksgiving holiday.  We couldn't be happier!  It was the first time we left Leo so we were very nervous.  We called at least twice a day and they took time to give us a report.  Leo looked quite happy considering that we had left him for a few days.  We will definitely used them again!  Thanks you to all the staff that took care of our Leo :)
