4	Okay, awesome! I took my kids to their once a month shin dig where they have crafts for the kiddos (ages 5-12) must say, awesome! They made herb plant holders. Pretty interesting concept. You sign your kids in, they get a mini home depot apron, a craft. With this craft you need to build it yourself (screw the backing in and nail peg legs for support). Then you get the plant pots, dirt, and seeds. Then kids can paint their craft. After kids are finished they receive a certificate, a badge to put on their aprons, and stickers. Also, kids and parents receive complimentary snow cones, popcorn, and cotton candy :] SWEET!! Great concept if your looking to get your kids out and about for something different :)  Every month is a different craft and concept, I was told. It's from 9am-12pm. The earlier the better, so you don't fry...lol
1	So disappointed in my recent Home Depot experience. My house was broken into, so I immediately bought a security door. I paid for the measurement, installation, door, lock, seal kit, etc. Three weeks and 13 phone calls later, I still do not have my security door or even a date for installation. Each time I call the store, the employees are very friendly, but simply take my name and number and tell me that someone will call me back with a solution. However, no one ever calls me and I certainly have not found a solution. I guess it's time to call Lowe's. Lesson learned.
1	I spent over $10,000 getting the floors redone in my new house as well as ceiling fans and kitchen backsplash.  In February, the store called me to inform me that I had a $212.14 credit to my order.  Assuming that the credit was for unused labor in the installation of my floors, I went to the store to get the refund.  After 1/2 hour of "processing," I was told that the credit was pending to my Home Depot credit card.  However, after waiting over 30 days, the credit never appeared on my credit card.  So, I went back to the store two weeks ago to enquire about the status of the refund.  I was told that the person responsible would be in later that day and that she would call me.  Two weeks later, since I never heard back from the store, I went back to the store (this being the third time).  This time, I was told that the refund was an error and that I was not due a refund.  So, three visits to the store resulted in no refund.  Why call me to tell me that I have a refund if there wasn't any?  Complete waste of time, gas, and energy.  What a way to appreciate my $10,000+ worth of business.  Home Depot is now on my permanent boycott list!  Well done, jerks!
1	I waited 22 minutes on  hold to talkwith someone about my online order. In the middle of waiting someone cut in on the line to tell me she could not help me,   I was told I needed to wait for Cindy. After 22 min. I hung up.Unlike Katie W., who said someone took get phone number to call her back, I was just supposed to wait. Since I do not have unlimited minutes on my cell, I couldn't continue to wait. In March, I ordered 7 patio cushion and 4 pillows to match.  5 out of 7 were wrong and pillows were back ordered.  pillows came in, I asked to hold them. Since, I still don't have cushions they are to match. I got a text they are sending back the pillows, so I am trying to tell them Not to.  I have already paid for all the items, but still don't have the right order.
3	This is an update to my previous review on 03/23/14......I sent two letters--one to the store manager and one to corporate office.  I was pleased to receive a phone call from corporate office only a week later.  The representative told me that they would go ahead and process the refund to my Home Depot card and that it would appear on my statement in "a few days."Two weeks later, I phoned corporate office to enquire about the credit, which hadn't posted to my credit card yet.  I left two voice messages, neither of which were returned.  So, I sent two more letters--again, one to the store manager and one to corporate office.Magically, two days later, I received an emailed receipt showing the credit was processed in the store.  The next day the credit appeared on my credit card statement.In summary, it took the following to get this refund:3 in-store visits4 letters2 unreturned phone callsTotal time from start to finish:  about 2.5 months.
3	There customer service is not always the best, that is why I am giving this a three. But I attended one of their do-it-herself workshops and had a really good time. I like that they offer classes!
