5	This is the BEST carpet cleaning service in the Phoenix area hands down. Owner Rick is very professional & thorough; previous stains do NOT come back as w/ other companies. Prices are good, & you can usually get them out in a very timely manner. It's the only service I recommend to others.
5	I have used this company a number of times now and each cleaning cannot be topped! Rick and his helper do an excellent job in cleaning both our carpets and tile. Our grout lines have never looked cleaner and our carpets look as good as new! I highly, highly, highly recommend, All prices are fair and the service and work speak for themselves. A++
5	I used this company for the first time on my vacation home. The owner did the work along with a tech they were on time, price was fair and I was very pleased with the way my carpet came out would use again.
5	We recently had our old, unsealed tile cleaned and the wall to wall  carpets. The floor looked new by the time they were done. They spent extra time where needed.
5	Rick was outstanding. Its great to deal with someone who owns their own business and takes their reputation seriously.Highly recommend.
5	This is my third time using Amazing Carpet and Tile Cleaning. Rick as always was great. Him and his assistant cleaned both my carpet and tile. They both came out AMAZING! Rick was particularly accommodating. He helped remove many stains that I thought would never come clean! I could not recommend this service more!
5	Rick takes care of the carpet and tile in my home in Scottsdale. He is highly professional, well spoken, and does a great job. He's someone I can trust in my house, got my carpets and tile very clean, and spent lots of time and never rushed. He explained things to me and did an amazing job overall. It was a great experience from making my appointment to payment. Thank you!
5	This is our first time with Amazing Carpet and I couldn't be happier. Rick is professional and thorough with his work. The price was perfect and a job very well done. We will definitely be using this service again.
5	I've used Amazing Carpet & Tile Cleaners a few times now -- and I always look forward to the same great thorough results, fresh scent and amazingly friendly service. Rick is fantastic and makes every effort to get you in the schedule even on their busiest weekend days. It's really cathartic watching him clean the carpet and make it like new each time. Definitely makes your place feel like home again. I've used many other services in the valley before I found this amazing team, now I never call anyone else. They are the best -- you and your carpets need them, I know I have.
5	Love Rick and the job that they do. Always on time, do a great job and enjoyable to chat with. We have used Amazing Carpet & Tile for many years and will continue to do so!
5	Wonderful company.  From start to finish a great experience.  They did what they said, were on time and my carpets look awesome.  Rick and Pam were very pleasant to deal with.  I am excited because I have now found a carpet company that I trust and will continue to use in the future.
