4	Altered Tails has done three spays (one adult cat, two kittens) and two neuters (both kittens) for me, and all of the cats were very well cared for. The staff are professional and no-nonsense. The waiting room and parking lot are clean, although occasionally noisy. I've seen plenty of small dogs (and medium, and big) here, and they had no problem with anesthetizing small female kittens, so I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about.I'm adopting a stray tom who needs vax and snippening. I'm bringing him to AT. 'nuff said?
5	I brought my 2, male, three year old pugs in to get neutered. The staff was so very friendly with the people there and the animals. Check in took maybe half an hour and I was 5th in line. Pick up was super easy and quick. I would highly recommend this wonderful low cost spay neuter clinic to anyone! Keep up the great work. The ONLY inconvenience I had was the entrance was around the back of the building and I park in the front at first.
3	Excelllent staff, really affordable spay and neuter and clinical services; took very good care of my prized kitten, no problems at all. NO EXCUSESnow! Get those animals spayed and neutered--thousands of pets arebeing euthanized in Maricopa country every year! Don't be part of the problem, be part of the SOLUTION!!!REVISED:  My stray kitten developed FVC (feline calicci virus) a weekafter being neutered there, then spread it to two other cats, costingme almost 400.00 in vets fees!! Tho I DO think this place is worththe $, I would STRONGLY CAUTION you NOT take a cat or dogthat hasn't been vaccinated there...I had never even HEARD of this virus till the neutered boy stopped eating and we saw very painful soresall through his mouth; he's doing better now and the others are onthere way to recovery as well. Altered Tails DOES have a caution ontheir receipt about not being responsible if your animal picks upa disease---- would have been nice to see that FIRST, not aftersurgery was done!Still better than overpopulation by unaltered pets!
5	This is such a wonderful service! Altered tails provides low cost spay and neutering services for dogs and cats. When I broght in my boxer there were several repeat customers there, so that has to say something. The volunteers are all very friendly and caring.  The facility was clean, and my dog had no ill effects from his surgery. I would definitely recommend this place versus a standard vet. My vet wanted over $300 to neuter, altered tails charged $95.  There is a bit of a wait at drop pff and pick up- but for those of us struggling a bit financially- well worth the time.
5	Had my kittie spayed here during the beat the heat promo. AWESOME service. Great people who care about pets and owners and make sure everyone is comfortable. Its been about 2 weeks now since her surgery, and no complaints. She is happier as am I. I will use them again and recommend them highly.
5	Just a quick update- Altered tails runs regular specials for kitties to come in and get "fixed up" for $25.00.  This is just a really nice option. Even if you have pet insurance, and can afford the regular vet fees- most of us know someone that can use the assistance.
4	Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. They offer such great services to the valley, I cannot begin to thank them enough. Spaying/neutering your dog/cat is so so important, and altered tails makes it more affordable so hopefully responsible pet owners will come here. They also offer low cost vaccines which is another bonus for your beloved pet.
4	Great, great, great service. Again, two more dogs were dumped at my school. I helped them find homes. Part of the whole adoption and rescue included a visit here. I wish I knew about it for my cats. It is very cheap compared to the plan I got with Petsmart. It is a five star service for sure. They do great things and even have a Feral cat program. God Bless them. Please, someone help them to open more clinics. As much as I hate to do this since Az is just awful as far as animal welfare goes, I am knocking off a star. I am doing this as a heads up to folks who want to use the service because of a very rude staff member and a very disorganized check in procedure. Just be flexible if you chose their services. Perhaps bring another person to help you? The place has an assembly line check in so do not expect fancy Vet customer service. You get what you pay for. In my case I was not paying. I was just helping out and dropping off the dogs. I kept telling the woman at intake this and she kept arguing with me. This proved to be very stressful for me and the dogs. I left the place extremely upset. The dogs were very scared. They had been through a lot these last two weeks. I was especially annoyed at the way one of the intake clerks was treating me. She was snappy and rude with me. I noticed she treated a few other patrons the same way. I think the check in process is stressful, disorganized, and unclear. Maybe a sign to tell you how to do it? I had no idea what to do. When I returned the paperwork on the counter the woman literally tore my head off, threw it back at me and said, "get back in line." I was so confused. Usually one hands in paperwork at a medical clinic and then gets called back up in turn. Also, there really was not a line to get back into. Maybe they should do a ticket number thing like at the Deli? The intake room is way too small for the volume. Lots of pets peeing, smelly, and loud barking craziness. There was nowhere to sit. I had to fill out the paperwork standing up with two dogs tugging on a leash, jumping on my legs, and hiding behind me twisting the leash around me, scared to death. The intake worker kept telling me to move away from the counter but there was nowhere else to go. Those dog's butts were not budging from their hiding area. Poor babies were very stressed out, so was I. A few patrons were yelling at the intake workers for not having them down for their verified appointments too. I wanted to video tape the scene it was sooooooooooo crazy.  It sure was a zoo both literally and figuratively. lol. When you have scared animals it can be very aggravating. The intake worker could have been much nicer. However, all of the other staff members were very helpful, especially the Techs. I also liked the woman who was walking around helping people. Karma dictated that she appeared after I already checked in and was on my way out. Anyway, it is a great service for sure just be open minded. Be prepared to be a bit aggravated for your reduced cost services. I could have given them 5 stars but they need to improve their check in services. They also should educate staff surrounding sensitivity.
1	DO NOT SEND YOUR DOG HERE.  I went to the Mesa location and had a terrible experience.  In particular, Brinley the clinic manager, was extremely rude.  At on point she said they "see over 40 dogs each day" which I guess was here excuse for  treating me and my dog they way she did.  I would skip this strip mall neuter mill and take your dog where people care!
3	*I went to the Mesa location* I am rating 3 stars because the customer service was HORRIBLE, but the cost was very fair and they took care of my puppy. I found the front desk to be very snotty and argumentative, which made me uncomfortable. Luckily, I don't care about being right, I care about getting my dog taken care of. They seemed to care more about making a point and being right than customer service.
