3	Yes. I am shameless... I will admit to owning a pair of terry sweats that say "juicy" across my heinie. But I do NOT wear them outside of the house. Juicy occasionally will come up with some cute tops and dresses. I gleefully flounced my way in as gracefully as I could in the excruciating heat. Grabbed some stuff to try and the sheer idea of looking at a dressing room line of 15 deep just turned me off. Alas... another store for me to visit when its in the dead of winter in Vegas.
5	I love the Juicy Couture Outlet! Granted yes, they are infamous for their terry sweat suits and I won't lie - about 40% of the store is of terry sweat suits.But the other 60% is what gets the 5 stars. I got a pair of jeans that were originally $210 for $140 (I know, but I've spent $210 on jeans before so this to me was a steal). I can say that they are now my new favorite pair of jeans!Really good selection of EVERYTHING - from jeans to t-shirts and even cute day dresses. Also they had like every size so I was very impressed! The store was clean and neatly kept (it didn't look like one of those outlet stores that have everything in piles). I went on a weekday so I didn't run into any lines at the dressing room.
2	Dont get me wrong, I am a Juicy Coutureaholic!! I entered the store, and I was greeted nicely by a nice brunette.... She welcomed me and my fiancee.... We shopped around for about an hour, and ended up buying a necklace and a headband... lol..... on our way out, this stupid white bitch told us "oh you guys are FINALLY leaving"!!!! My man was mad, and i just acted like I didnt hear her..... If I would have said something I wouldnt be here typing this up.... : ) I do wish I could have socked the bitch ! I have called corporate...lol People like this should NOT be working here !
1	This store is farily new to the premium outlets. The store isn't real clean. There are items sitting on the floor and hanging off of racks.  Shoes aren't in boxes. THey are torn up and had been torn through. Handbags were hung on racks, sitting on shelves, and some were wrapped in full zips along the walls. The sales staff looked at me, up and down at least twice, and didn't say a word. I didn't even get a "Hi" out of them or anything. There are some items thatr I was interested in here but considering they weren't willing to ask if I needed help even, I didn't stick around. I found some real good buys. I found a pair of real cute ballerina shoes for $39 and a purse for $110-120.  Jewelry is pulled out of the boxes and have been scattered all over the case.  I was upset by this and just left. If I'd been assisted, I would have for sure purchased at least 3 items, a shirt for Kaelani, a pair of shoes for me, and this cute pair of boxers that I saw for Walter. Too bad!!
5	Very friendly staff.   A cute short brunette from So Cal helped us out.   Great prices .   Nice selection.
5	I am absolutely in love with juicy so I HAD to visit here!!!! They had really great deals on jewelry! It was really nice and you MUST go there if you love Juicy!!!! Must visit!!!!!!!! Love that place I am so going to go there every time I visit Vegas!!!
2	The juicy outlet here is priced higher than the one in Camarillo.I saw a "go juicy" shirt that was 14.99 in the Camarillo Outlet for twice the price here!Its also very crowded with shoppers, so I guess its supply and demand doing its work.They have a decent selection of bags.The prices aren't that great.I saw better at a retail store in Santa Barbara.
4	I can say i'm truly a Juicy-holic. From purses to wallets, to make up bags to jewelries, it's always Juicy! Although i've liked JC, i don't usually go into the store and shop. Their stuff can be a lil too overpricey especially their clothes. I'm not really a fan of track suits, which is their main product, and i never owned one.Their bags, i must say, are of reasonable prices. I own a couple JC bags and i love them. I always get compliments on my bag's chains and charms with lil pompoms.The jewelry can be cheap. I have one bracelet that i got for only $29.99 and it looks exactly like Tiffany & Co. The charms reminds me of Betty Johnson's jewelries, not that classy, but cute. I think it caters more for little girls because of they're girly, colorful and cute colors.Their selection is pretty good, so considering their lack of space.
4	I really like their jewelry. Whenever I come in here, it's hard to resist NOT to buy a charm for my necklace. Not a fan of their clothing items...especially their tracksuits. I just come here for their jewelry, accessories, fragrance, or sometimes just to see what style handbags they have.
4	Great place to check out the day after Christmas.  The already discounted items get an even bigger discount - an additional 40% off!!!I dropped in thinking they carry the baby line, but they only have adults and children's wear.  I was able to snag a short-sleeved hoodie to match the romber I got for my baby girl at NM.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the same pattern of her baby romper in an adult sized hoodie.  Our first matching outfit, LOL!
5	I just love this store. So many choices so little money lol. You can definitely find some bargains here!!
2	It saddens me to have to give one of my favorite brands only 2 stars. But this location sure does not represent what you'd expect from a higher end store, even the outlet.  Disorganized and untrained employees including management staff for one. And honestly from a long time juicy customer, their sales weren't all that much better than what the website is currently offering. Only 2 cash registers open, and no one offered help. Ill check the other outlet location before returning here.
5	good dealsfriendly
5	I recently traveled to Las Vegas and hoped to buy a plethra of clothes. I went into Jiucy and got a nice shirt ($27) and some headbands ($9). The pricing is a little wierd with the jewlery, but overall I believe that the deals were great! I went in a second time and bought a purse ($82) and necklace ($9). The purese is high quality, fashionable (in season although its an outlet), and great price!! I recomend looking through everything before looking, for if you just glance over, you will miss something great!! Do not be afraid to splurge a little on a nice handbag or sweatsuit, because you are saving no matter what!
4	I came here recently with my girlfriends and mom, we all wanted to match jumpsuits they had and they were all 40% off! What a great deal! Liyana was helping us out to make sure what we needed and she did perfect even tho we were  being annoying and kept changing our minds :( sorry. Come here for great deals!
