4	I like these apartments...its convenient to the airport and the strip.  I just recently relocated here from Washington DC and I love the area and the apartments. I haven't had any problems that I haven't cause by my own doings. Meaning, I had my accent walls painted and since I recently relocated I just been back and forth to DC and travelling for my business having family and friends checking in on my apartment and putting things to together.  I like the property and neighbors are friendly. Only problem is there's a lot of broken gates and fences around the property and you get weird and suspicious people loitering around the property and on the property.  A lot of the residents leave the gates unlocked and open and people just wonder in off the streets.  I don't know how often they check the cameras but the apartments should be more strict to their residents leaving the gates open because it endangers other residents.  Other than that and a few minors hanging out at the pool late at night being rowdy...I see nothing wrong with this apartment just understand what you are getting into when you lease.  Take care and be well
2	The apartments are fine.  Maintenance staff are very friendly and the front office is friendly.  Be forewarned about renting from this company in general. The Camden company gets you hooked in and then tries to up charge you for a lease renewal.  Each time we are given an offer that jumps by $30-$60 but you can find them advertising the same apartment for much less online.  You have to give a 60 day notice so if you sign a lease be sure to read all of the little things that they are going to get you with before you sign.  As far as the grounds go, they pulled out most of the grass and put down small gravel rock which of course gets knocked all over the sidewalks making it dangerous and quite frankly a pain to walk and push a stroller.  Lately there has been much more dog poop not being picked up by owners or by grounds keepers so watch your step when you come to check it out.  The pet fee has gone up but the dog baggie stations go for a couple weeks before they refill them.  The location is close to a lot and convenient to get to the airport and the strip.  It is labeled as gated but don't let the "gates" fool you.  They are open most of the time and it is very easy for shady people to come walking in.  The most redeeming quality of this place is that they are pet friendly to most sizes.
2	Pro:  Staff was very nice and the grounds were close to the airport.Cons: It was hard to get a taxi there.  There were several apartments broken into during my two years there.  My car was also broken into.  Rent kept going up.  My final move-out bill was VERY unfair and cost more than my monthly rent.  I scrubbed the place, repainted, had a professional clean the carpets and they charged me $1000.  Renter beware.
1	The apartment I rented was infested with scorpions, it was in phase 2. I don't know if the other side has issues but the downstairs neighbor was stung 4 times before she broke her lease and moved out. When told they say "well, this is the desert".... I've never lived anywhere with a scorpion problem and I've lived here 27 years..
