5	Have a hankering to eat meat from sticks and don't want to visit the county fair? Thai Rama is your place.Of course I am speaking of the chicken satay. Very good with some peanut sauce. I haven't had a whole lot of exposure to Thai restaurants but the few times I have been here, I haven't been disappointed.The menu offers many interesting dishes including a soup served in a flaming bundt cake pan (OK so it isn't actually a bundt cake pan, but  I like to imagine it is). The soup is absolutely delicious, just don't eat the wood floating in it. For seasoning only. You can eat it if you want, just don't come crying to me when you have a mouth full of splinters. I tried a coconut curry stew with chicken and potatoes. I couldn't stop eating it even after I was full. An incredible dish available in varying degrees of spiciness.Might I also suggest you try an iced coffee? I'd have it with or for dessert though. It's so sweet and strong and good that I swore I could almost see through walls when I finished it.The staff is very friendly and attentive and I would recommend Thai Rama to anyone. Even you... I guess.
4	I like Thai Rama.I was tempted to give it 3 stars because I've had a lot of Thai food in the Bay Area and I've been to Thailand once, and I'm honestly not sure where I should come down on that fourth star, but since Phoenix doesn't really have quite the selection of Thai restaurants, I'll err on the side of arroy (Thai for "delicious").I've had a few different dishes there, and they tended to be quite tasty without being Americanized.  That is, the flavors were there and not damped down for our native taste buds.  Some how we always ended up getting some yellow curry in there (one of my favorites in general), and this was just fine there.The ambiance is pleasant and the people working there were always very nice.  I've always said that Thai people are the Italians of SE Asia in the way they enjoy food and family, and here they seem to be happy to share their culture with all comers.
5	Ok, so when I'm not eating cheese pizzas I'm eating Thai Food.  Much like pizza, Thai (or almost any Asian cuisine)  is something I could eat almost everyday and being a vegetarian Thai food has a lot of options for me.  Why am I telling you this?  Cause eating a lot of Thai food makes me picky.  Whenever I try any new Thai place I stick with one of two standards: Pad Thai or Green Curry.  If you are a Thai restaurant and cannot handle either of these dishes, then you should just close down shop now.  As for Thai Rama, they do both very well.  I'll even go as far as to say Thai Rama is my favorite Thai food in the valley.  It's near my home, open late and the staff is really friendly.  I've eaten here for years and my favorite is the Pad Thai with fried tofu....dare I say the best in the valley??  I prefer my Pad Thai a little on the sweet side, not fishy tasting with some flavor, and most Thai places here have the more "traditional" type.  If you like it spicy, this place can comply so watch out!  Their green veggie curry is flavorful, with a good assortment of veggies.  My only complaints would be their hot and sour soup, which is ok but WAY too much ginger flavor...to the point that I couldn't enjoy it.  Also, like so many other Thai places, they tempt you with the mango sticky rice only to never have mango!!!  When they do, its awesome, otherwise settle for the custard sticky rice which is almost as good.
4	While it won't win any design awards, I did have a fantastic view to the west of a majestic Arizona sunset. I actually ordered to go and was able to sit while waiting and soak in the energy of Thai Rama. A slow Monday night had two straighty couples (yes, you heteros, you know who you are) holding hands and nibbling slowly. The walls were adorned with pictures of Thai royalty. I think anyway. It could just be a promo poster from a vendor. I don't know. And Bud Light signs. Ahhh...America! The Thai beer I enjoyed while waiting certainly helped pass the time. Service here is extrordaniarly friendly, like most Thai places I've encountered. I purposely over ordered as I wanted left overs. Pad Thai. Outstanding. After that I recommend numbers 1, 7, 23 and 27. Paint by number. Order by number. It's simple. And everyone's gonna love it. Thai Thai for now yelpers!P.S. The #18 soup is so amazing...lemon grass and coconut milk. Dee lish!
4	Never been to Thailand, but I can taste how authentic it is. Do the chicken stir fry with peanut dipping sauce, do the Thai tea with cream, watch out cause its sweet, I personally love the yellow curry with carrots and potatoes and I do hot, but its pretty much super spicy, so careful.  Very nice experience, not too pricey and if your one of the those lucky people who don't work 9-5's M-F, do their lunch special, you get hot tea, a cup of soup, a lunch meal which comes with rice, a fried spring roll and crunchy wontons.
4	EXCELLENT THAI FOOD. period. atmosphere is very soothing.
3	I can't bring myself to give Thai Rama more than 3 stars... I love Thai food, and I wanted to love Thai Rama, but I just didn't.  I thought the restaurant itself was cute, casual, and unassuming... the staff was friendly but not the most attentive.  I was there on a Sunday night recently, and I felt extremely comfortable dining solo (big plus for that).Unfortunately, when I was given my menu, there was a dried up noodle stuck to it, and the napkins on the tables are pretty but polyester and not the best for wiping the noodle off or absorbing anything at all for that matter.  I was also disappointed that I didn't see a thai salad with peanut dressing or summer rolls on the menu.  I decided to order the #6 to start - Lab Gai (finely chopped chicken lightly sauteed in lemon juice with red onion and mint).  Maybe I should've ordered it without onion because onion was everywhere!  The flavor of the chicken was good, but it was difficult to eat with so much onion.  I went with the vegetarian dish #69 (yes, I said 69) as my entree.  Paht Paug Jae or vegetable deluxe.  I requested that they add eggplant and they did - it was pretty tasty and I cleaned my plate with that one.Overall, the meal was ok.  Maybe I'm spoiled by some other thai favorites in the valley, but I'm glad I experienced Thai Rama.  I probably will not rush back, but if you're looking for a decent thai meal and you're in the Cen Pho area, you can find it at Thai Rama.
4	This is definately one of my favorite Thai spots. They got good Yellow coconut curry and good soup. I know this menu like the back of my hand I would reccomend the battered fried bannanas and the number 58. You will not be dissappointed. Make sure they bring your credit card back to you "I left mine last time".. The Thai tea is off the heezy as well.
5	After being in many cities here in US, I have come to a conclusion that a city could be graded based on 2 criteria... Local coffee shops and Thai restaurants... Phoenix, I believe, happens to have plenty of latter ones... and Thai Rama happens to be one of those... But certainly it's not a Scottsdelish restaurant... if you want to enjoy everything else but food, I wont dare suggest this one's your place... but as far as food is concerned, its amazing ! ... All curries are very well prepared... Lunch is extremely cheap and comes with a bowl of soup, rolls, rice and a curry, which to me is more than sufficient for one... Dinner menu is also great and long enough to make you go and not try everything for a long long time... People are nice and not at all extra polite (I hate it when servers and managers are extra - artificially - polite... ! ) so that you feel like having food at a normal place... A must go and an affordable place for people who eat out often....
2	i have never been to Thai Rama. i have always wanted to try it. but it wasn't really close or convenient to go to. i happened to be in the area so figured would check it out. food was less then spectacular. after 20 years...i am not really sure if it's just down graded from quality or bad suppliers. i don't know. the spring rolls. totally from a box, flash frozen. the insides were mushy and the flavors not distinct. also got the won tons. saving grace here. they were good. the pork nugget inside of it could stand to be a bit bigger. it is dwarfed by the won ton wrapper. still was really good. i have chosen to make Pad Thai as my barometer for Thai restaurants I'm going to review on Yelp. if they cannot make this "signature" dish then the rest of the menu might as well be rat poison. the pad Thai was flavorful, the noodles were a tasty pile of mush. it had really long mung beans which i like. so it wasn't all bad. in fact it wasn't bad tasting. but honestly for 9+ bucks. i could have picked this up at Safeway from a box called "Taste of Thai" for 2.50 and cooked it myself. atmosphere is ok. kinda old, cute menus with home made paper. with the menu items printed on a transparency. hmm. now that i think about it..it's kinda cheese. but whatever. service was good. quick turn around. and my glass was only empty twice....but to think about it..they only filled it twice...so it was empty.....so that means...i was thirsty..and my drink was empty. hmmm ok thats kinda nit picky. it was fine. 3-4 stars if the food was umm fresher. or at least not supplied by sysco. in conclusion. this place might have been around for 20 years. but when there are not better options. [Thai Basil, Thai Elephant, Wild Thaiger, even Thai Hut...] and your the only Thai restaurant in a 20 mile radius...you can last. but i shouldn't need to point out...that you have some serious competition in the area..and their prices are about the same.i really wanted to make a funny review about this place. but lets face it. Thai food is seriez bizness, only deserving a serious review.
3	Atmosphere: Needs a remodelService: ExcellentFood: Fair to GoodPrice: Just RightCo-workers recommended this place and it did not disappoint, Green Curry with Chicken was above Average, Egg Rolls not so good, Garlic Chicken was good.I'd go back when in town next time.
4	This was a nice Thai restaurant.  The service was friendly but not amazingly attentive.  It had a nice selection of Thai goodies.  The flavors of the food were vibrant and delicious.  My biggest complaint was that my order of "Thai Spicy" was underwhelming.  The heat was seriously lacking.
4	OK! I will never order anything else from this place it will always be known to me as:THE BEST GARLIC CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD!That's all......!
4	Completely awesome.  My husband and I were driving through and we stopped.  The parking lot was kind of dark and it was one of those deals where you eye people around you suspiciously - especially the two meth looking dudes that I saw coming out, but once inside it was really a family type establishment - making the two white trashers an aberration.  Ok, let's get to the food.  I ordered Tom Khai Gai and at first I was taken aback, because I saw american mushrooms instead of straw mushrooms, which is usually a bad sign - but it was fantastic.  The chicken was really good - not the strange consistency that can be found at other restaurants that serve the dish.
5	Don't know if it is located in a bad area of if Phoenix is depressing and crappy in general - I'm not from there so wouldn't know.The food is great here!  What a find!  I luckily stumbled accross it on a trip cross country.  At first I thought it would be bad because there was a fat lady eating alone there.  Usually fat people eat at cheap places that serve huge quantities but that was not the case here.   I learned a lesson from this fat woman....it changed my opinion of fat people and made me less prejudiced towards them.Way to go Thai Rama and way to go fat lady!  Kudos to both of you.
4	I love this place.  I always carry out so I can't speak to the service but the food is great!  Very reasonably priced and good sized portions.  I can't find any good Chinese in this town but this place covers that need.  Definitely check it out....
2	I am not done with Thai Rama.  Enough people, even close friends whose judgment I normally trust, have had good experiences there.  After about a half dozen times, I have been universally disappointed.  Granted, I have only eaten in one time, maybe they just have take-out issues, but I don't believe that to be the problem.  The Pad Thai is bizarrely sweet, like almost some sort of off-brand honey BBQ.  That isn't exactly the flavor, but that is what it made me think of.  Everything else, both Green and Yellow curries, as well as assorted rice and vegetable dishes just tasted bland and like they were using second-tier produce.  Maybe I just need to pull the ideal dish from the other yelper favorites, but until then, Thai Rama is significantly sub-par in my book.
4	Thai food is one of my favorite types of cuisines. I have been going to Thai Rama for over 5 years now, and they are always consistent! this place is a little, hole in the wall type. (those are usually the best)Whenever I am having a thai fix I usually order the same items. Sometimes different... But not always. OK..1. Thai tea... the best in the valley! 2. Pad thai with chicken... level 5 - 5 is usually med spice but to some ppl its very spicy... you can always lower the number to a 1 or 2 and it'll still be just as good.3. Yellow pork or chicken coconut curry with potatoes, onions, carrots, & pineapple.... level 5 again.... my fave4. There's one more beef dish that is absolutely delish! But, I forgot the name. Basically all it is, is thick rice noodles and thinly sliced beef stir fried.. Kind of like a chow fun but better!Oh and I would also like to add that they have a very friendly waitstaff and pretty good service.If you like Thai, check this place out!!!
4	I am a very picky Thai food fan. I love this place. Authentic, spicy, and very flavorful. They have one of the best chicken panag dishes I have ever had.
2	Canned peas and corn in my soup and curry. No thanks.Curry was runny and the noodles in my drunken noodles were overcooked and super, super greasy.I'm disappointed.
2	I went with such high hopes, too.I had the red curry beef. Well, the beef was very strange in texture and oddly shaped. I hope it was beef. My friend had some kind of stir fried shrimp, green bean, and curry/chili thing. The flavor was very mediocre. By that I mean, how the hell do you make something with curry and chili bland?The papaya salad was not very good - too much lime juice, and a bit of an off taste.We both woke up the next morning with stomach aches. Coincidence? I don't know. But I probably won't be back, either.
3	I've had better & from here too. :P Thai Rama is going to hell in a hand basket. So depressing all my old haunts are closing or serving up hot crap on a platter! I am not a Thai connoisseur by any means trust. But I do enjoy a good Pad Thai every now and again. I went here a couple weeks ago with my Sis. She got her Hot and Sour soup and for me Pad Thai. My mouth was watering just thinking about it. Then it happened.... me so stupid brings me something that I did not order & didn't even come close to Pad Thai WTF??!!?? Wrong table. But maybe I should have kept it because what came next was unacceptable. It looked tasty, smelled tasty but my tasty buds had to spit it out! 1st it was so hot I thought the cook (I do mean cook and not chef) from Ls Dos Molinos was moonlighting at Thai Rama. Holy Peppers batman this shit was hot! But served at room temperature go figure. The noodles were wayyyyyy over cooked they were paste and I am an al dente kinda girl. Al dente you know firm but tender anyway...Off with you heads! They took it away and tried again, to my dismay I received a now flavorless dish with similar noodles. I think they made them in advance and are fishing them out as people ordered. BLUCK! PLTH wiping my tongue off. Anyway this is not as I remember and I don't think I will go back unless someone else is buying. Tee Hee I only gave it a 3 star because my sis said her soup was delish as always. Again maybe the cook from Los is following me.
3	Thai Rama is a bit hit or miss.  But since I live nearby it is convenient and it's more hit than miss.  Last night's Pad Thai was a hit!  I love that the portion is huge so I have dinner and a whole meal's worth of leftovers.  I ordered mild and got just that - the sweet peanuty taste of the rice sticky noodles.  Good chunks of chicken and several big shrimp.  Tons of crunchy bean sprouts and cabbage.  I'm hoping for the same thing next time :-)
2	I tried the Pad-Thai.  Not that great.  The sauce was...somewhat bitter and past that it didn't get any better.  Noodles were cooked well, so was the beef and the brocolli.  Its just the sauce was bad.Price was ok.  I mean, I didn't order from the lunch menu so it was around 9 bucks or so.  But the portion was nice, really nice in fact.  I really was hoping for a better dish.  Perhaps I need to try something they are more known for, like one of their curries.  Service was good.  Friendly when they took my order and when they gave me my food.  I guess I just need to try a different dish.  But pad-thai is one of my favorites and they didn't get it right.  Oh well.  Their curry reputation is reason to go back.  Hopefully an updated awaits.
2	I decided to take a friend one night out for dinner. I was recommended to come here by someone, can't remember. When I do I'll make sure to punch them in the gut. My friend who is from Mexico and handles spicy like no big deal, ordered a spicy seafood soup. Within no time at all it looked as if he was bawling into his sulfur concoction. Between the spice and the temp of the soup, it was too much. Even just the steam from the food getting into his eyes seemed to be driving him mad. He was trying to take it like a man, but once someones nose starts to let go, uh yeah, WAITRESS! I call her over and try to explain the situation. She gives me a slight, polite smile and walks away with the sopa de sulfur. Brings back the soup this time not so red, like they quickly ran it under the sink to dilute the spice. Still my friend found it too spicy, and I call her over again. She says nothing, with the same smile goes into the kitchen and now yelling is coming from where she went into. At this point my friend is pretty uncomfortable and we ask a random worker if we can just order another dish. Some lady about 3 feet tall with a biker attitude comes out and starts yelling at me for returning her dish. It's like nobody understood from the beginning that it was too spicy and hot. I got more of an idea that maybe they thought we didn't like the food. She then had the audacity to tell me that whatever I ordered next I would have to pay for as well. OH NO SHE  DI' INT!!! So, the point of the story? Unless you're up for a Tuesday Night cat fight , just order out.
2	I had dinner at the Thai Rama two days ago. It wasn't an awful dining experience, but I'm not sure I would go here again. My friend and I ordered the egg rolls (sorry, I don't remember the Thai name), and they were okay. Two pieces, small (but the price was $2, so what did I expect?), and an average filling - something I would expect from frozen egg rolls.We're both vegetarians and were happy to see a vegetarian section in the menu, but were slightly disappointed with the options. Three of the items included oyster sauce, and the other three were either vegetarian fried rice or red/green curry vegetables. I ordered the green curry vegetables (medium hot), and my friend ordered the red curry vegetables (mild - and she stressed MILD). We waited 20 minutes for our dinner to arrive. I didn't mind my dish - it was waaaaay spicier than medium, but I don't mind a little heat. The sauce was very runny, and the vegetables were soggy and looked they had been sitting in the sauce for quite a while. My friend didn't like her dish at all, mostly because it was quite spicy for being a mild dish. We spent $25 total, and I'm not sure it was worth it.The service was slow, but the waitresses were very friendly. Overall, I would probably not recommend this restaurant to a friend.
3	This Thai Rama is a small little place located near the light rail but in a spot that can be easy to miss. Being a huge fan of Thai food and a little picky, I was slightly worried when we approached it. However, one of my friends was craving Thai and I was thinking I could always get a little something :)  The menu was very large and seemed to have a lot of good offerings. Not being very hungry, I was enthusiastic they had a dessert they called F.B.I. which was friend bananas and coconut ice cream. Myself and another guest ordered that and the other member of our party ordered shrimp pineapple curry (yum). The food came out fairly fast with the ice cream dishes coming out only a minute before the main course dish. The ice cream was a little on the ice side (as if it had been overfrozen) but overall was a delicious meal. I tasted some of the shrimp pineapple curry and it was just the right temperature and full of flavor. However, the pineapple was obviously canned which make it lack that something.I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to come back here again, but with the pleasant staff, if I was in the area, I might swing on in.
4	7pm... Wow He is right on time ... great.... All dressed up for once in my life... Stilettos, LBD, and makeup... its new for me ... I'm usually in jeans on a date :P walks me to the car... unlocks the door and walks around... doesn't even bother to open my door while I'm already there? O..K... As soon as we start walking up to this place I'm automatically excited, i can smell all the good things from inside :) the lighting is really calming and warm... we were seated right away.. it took a minute for them to get to us for our drink orders ... they had so many take out orders it was insane... so i figured it had to be good right?! in the mean time i learned that my date is a vegetarian... well that's cool and all but somehow it turned into me defending my right to eat meat... i was really calm about it and just let it roll off but i was annoyed... as soon as we ordered our food.. like the second the lady walked away he looked at me with the weirdest look ever and said "Aren't you going to go and wash your hands?" WTF!!!!!! like he expected me to just get up and make a dash for the restroom... do i look like I'm 6yo? "um well dude... I'm sure we have some time... ill wait a little before i go and wash my hands... " he continued to look at me like i was gross or something.... weird he got a Thai beer and i got my usual water with extra lemon :) and the beer was really good... I'm not sure what its called but if you translate the title to English it means brother... (he igoogled it) it had a nice flavor... and its the same price as a soft drink lol score! once we got our food i was soo excited! i got the sweet and sour chicken .. with steamed white rice... they had the pineapple, onions, green bell peppers and a new one for me... TOMATOES!! and it was delicious!! just amazing... he had something vegetarian... with noodles and broccoli... so the whole time throughout dinner he proceeded to laugh out loud with his mouth FULL of food... and talk really loud at me with his mouth still full of food... and i mean its about to fall out of his mouth... it almost ruined my dinner... to bad i was too focused on the bell peppers! mmmm then he proceeded to pick food off his place and put it on my mine to try... which would have been cool... if he didn't use his HANDS to serve it... I'm glad to know he had just washed his hands but still... really?!? once we were finished he got the check... then showed me and started bitching about it! it came to a total of $22 and some change... um two dinners plus a beer... man that's a great deal in my eyes... plus I've never had a date show me the bill before... isn't that like a man rule? hmm i thought it was... so he takes care of it and we leave... still with me opening all my own doors... :( and as the drive to the next destination he continued to belch out loud without covering his mouth or saying "pardon me or excuse me" or anything.... and kept talking about how he had to go to the bathroom ... i was horrified! End Result.... Good Food... Nice and clean bathroom..the soap leaves your hands SUPER soft and touchable :) The Service was nice... Nice atmosphere... Horrible date... Wish i had had better company :( oh and i Tossed out his number...
4	I visit this place at least twice a month and have done so for the past 12 years. The food is amazing and the staff are always friendly and helpful. They always seem to have good specials too. They also have different levels of spice and a good beer selection. My favorite is the #23 Garlic Chicken mild. Enjoy
1	I have ate at some pretty delicious Thai restaurants around town including Thai Hut and Swaddee Thai, so I do know what tasty and flavorful Thai yumminess is like.  We went here after another restaurant had a huge wait and one of my friends picked this as a nearby stand-in that he had ate at.  The interior of Thai Rama is not so attractive and I tried to look past that.  But the food couldn't save it.  Even the sauce you dip your eggrolls in there has an incredily weird texture and taste.  I got some kind of beef dish with medium spice level.  It was so strange and distasteful that I can't remember what it was even called.There's no way I will ever go back, even though my kind friend paid for my dinner.  Thai Hut is right down the street.  Save yourself some money and enjoy better Thai there.
2	If you are looking for Thai food, then dont go to Thai Rama, it was more like chinese food! And yes there is a HUGE difference.  The veggies were not fresh, they seemed to be canned.  The whole meal reminded me of the canned chinese food you get at the grocery store called "CHOW MEIN" and yes I tried canned chinese food from the grocery store.  When I was about 10 or so and HATED it!  My white grandmother did her best to "switch" things up for dinner while she watched us. god bless her! xoxoxox
4	There is always an interesting assortment of people in this place. Perhaps being close to Camelback and sort of close to Central it attracts a varied crowd. Everything from yoga instructors to military to foreigners to Texans. It is fun to people watch here. I'm giving Thai Rama 4 stars based on their lunch specials. However I might lower it a bit for dinner. Thai Rama in Chandler is better. Touch of Thai in Glendale is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area. #3 is good. Yellow curry with potatoes, carrots, chicken and coconut based curry stew. Is #3 in Thai restaurant the universal code for this dish? It seems every restaurant I have been to has #3 listed as Yellow Curry. We always ask them to leave out the onions here.  If you don't be prepared with an aresenal of Altoid mints - especially if you are heading to work after lunch! They put a whole onion in the dish - it seems like it anyway.  The Pad Thai is good with chicken and shrimp. The lunch special version of Pad Thai is just under $10 however it doesn't come with the yummy crispy eggroll and crunchy goods on the side like the sister restaurant in Chandler. However the portion of Pad Thai is huge and flavorful. I boxed up the other half and ate it the next day.  The glass noodles with chicken was okay however had a bit too much fish sauce. Eggrolls are good and taste fresh and appear to be made to order. The service is okay. Watching the patrons and the train passing is better.
3	This small place is easy to miss but worth finding so look hard for it.  The food is always good although the amount of spice in the food depends on who is in the kitchen.   One time I ordered basil fried rice at 2 stars and it was fine, a week later same dish too hot to eat at when ordered with 2 stars.  Next time same dish 2 stars and no spice at all.  I like it but will try Touch of Thai next.
5	Lunch is generous and delicious and dinner is just as good. The yellow chicken curry is the stuff dreams are made of and the Tom Kai gai soup has kept me coming back (despite moving around the country) for 10 years.
4	Best pork fried rice in the world!
5	I've been going here very regularly for six years. They make the best Tom Kha Gai soup in town. I get it pretty much every time. They used to put slivers of lime leaves in the sweet, rich panang curry which made it really good. Often now they leave them out- I think maybe the chef changed. I also enjoy the mussaman stew. Another recommendation would be the yahm pla meug (squid salad). I can't comment on the noodle dishes as I'm not really into those and haven't tried any. The thai iced tea is good. Prices are quite reasonable.
3	This place was a second choice because we couldn't find the four starred thai basil. Either it was relocated or went out of business.  Thai lunch specials are good ranging from $6 to $11. I got the #6 hot! When it came out I got a veggie egg roll and some wonton chips. The spiciness wasn't that spicy and what disappointed was the fact that they gave me only one scoop of rice with hella food! Not Asian of them to pull that move off. Perhaps the clientele is mainly diverse and they tend to not eat all of their rice. I wish there was more though on my plate. Overall this joint was pretty good for pricing. I'd eat here again.
3	Thai Rama restaurant has good pad thai!
4	I swear they put opiates in their food to keep me coming back for more! I either come in or get take out from here about twice a month and it always hits the spot. Although I'm not gonna lie I pretty much only order 2 dishes the #18 (gai tom kah)  medium spicy and the #23 (garlic chicken) medium spicy. I've tried a couple other dishes my friends have ordered, but I crave the 18 and 23. The broth of the soup is so delicious you get the creaminess of the coconut milk, definitely lemon grass, and then the spice creeps up on you, but in a good way. It also contains chicken, a little mushroom, green onion, and some other odds and ends that you can't actually eat like leaves of some kind, the pieces of lemon grass, and wood (or at least that is what I think it is). The #23 can be ordered with your choice of protein. I always go with chicken, but I think shrimp would be awesome too. I also love the taste of their rice.If you dine in don't expect much in the way of ambiance and you will probably have to wait about 15 minutes for your food to come out. However, it is worth the wait.
4	Delicious, solid Thai food and the prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food you get.  We chose the following:Tom Yum Gai - we ordered this soup in medium, but it still had a nice kickChicken Fried Rice - moist and flavorful.  You can taste a hint of coconut milkPanang Beef - the red coconut curry was tasty and the beef was perfectYellow Curry Chicken - scrumptious Chicken Pad Thai - better than most that I've had
4	Great food,dull environment and adorable waitresses. I enjoy going and the food is great. I wish they would update the decorations, but were in recession and I understand. The food is delicious and I continue eating there. I enjoy supporting this local businesses.
4	Great food, great prices and a great spot for lunch. Despite the fact that know nothing about Thai food, I love hitting up Thai Rama for lunch when I'm in the area. I've tried many of the lunch specials and every one has been delicious. People who know more about the food can comment on the specifics - all I know is its delicious!
4	Service is suspect but hang in there its worth the wait.Had the Moo Daeng and daeng it was tasty!Started with the Goyosa potstickers and a thai iced tea.Got there at 7:45 and there was another rush of folks around 8:15, crazy! on a Tuesday too! Maybe its all the homes in the area getting hail damage insurance to upgrade their homes. We sure took advantage.Great prices too. Eat it up!
5	One of the best Thai Food Joints out...i have never had a incorrect order, i have never had a bad meal. I took my brother and we ate the spiciest dish later he had an upset tummy but hes a wimp and cant handle spicy
1	I've lived in Thailand and enjoy Thai food so I wad excited to try Thai Rama since I've seen it a million times passing by. Got the infamous trio I always get at a Thai restaurant: Tom yam goong, pad Thai, and green curry. All three were fails in my book. Since the flaming vessel they serve it in usually just keeps it warm rather than finish cooking it, we had a lukewarm soup with uncooked mushrooms and green onions. It was flavorful, but being lukewarm, fresh onions kept masking the flavor. Next, came the pad Thai. Too sweet and the noodles lacked definition. It was a big glob and they were really cheap with their proteins. Finally, the green curry came and it was very salty. Will not return.
3	We came in during lunch so there was quite a lot of people. I don't mind waiting, but I hate not being acknowledged or greeted. I keep staring at the waitress hoping she see that we were standing to be seated. But the waitress didn't even glance at us to even say 'we'll be with you in a moment'. After maybe 10-15 min of standing and staring around, the waitress finally come and point us to a table. The food is just okay. We order pad thai and two stir fry dishes. The food isn't bad but the taste didn't leave an impression with me.
5	I never would've thought that over a year later I would be coming back to update my Thai Rama review, but I feel it needs to be said. Especially after visiting another Thai restaurant in the area last night and realizing it doesn't even come close in comparison. From what I recall, the spice I recall from earlier visits was good but nothing spectacular and the dessert was fabulous. Since then, I've been a crazy regular at Thai Rama and it never fails, I'm craving their Thai specifically at least once a week. Usually for yellow chicken curry.The prices are very reasonable and the dinner portion is enough to last me at least two meals. AT LEAST. The curry containers are a really sturdy plastic, which means they not only stay safe on the drive home, but they are reusable and recyclable.And the heat people. Wow. Let me tell you, that it's on point. And then some. The heat is perfect. I am pretty tolerant, and love, a good amount of heat in my food. And medium here is usually the most I can handle. Any more, and I'm buying a gallon of milk for the meal too.To Go orders are pretty quick, which is convenient and the staff is so friendly. I'm always offered water and a seat while I'm waiting. This is on my permanent take out rotation!!
2	service was friendly, and prompt. Drinks were large and free refills, which I really appreciated. But as far as the food goes it was pretty average. I agree with some other reviewers who stated that the sauces seem watery, and the veggies seem canned. i had the yellow curry chicken. it's flavor was acceptable, but certainly not the best I've had. HOT was the spice level I requested, but disappointingly the spice level AND the food temp were somewhere around luke warm.food = 2 starsservice = 4 stars
4	Great place to dine.  Been here several times and have never been disappointed.  The service is OK, but the food is fantastic.
5	As I recently turned vegetarian, I awoke this morning with a sadness in my heart. It had happened. I had a Thai food craving. This could only end in sadness, I thought to myself. We live uptown and went to Yelp to look at local Thai options. I ordered the Vegetarian Green Curry and a Thai Iced Coffee, and my boyfriend ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry with a Thai Iced Tea. I awaited our food apprehensively, hoping to not be disappointed with the outcome.Boy was I in for a surprise! The Green Curry looked simple enough, with a huge pile of assorted veggies amidst a beautiful sea of green curry/coconut milk. I took my first bite and the flavor overwhelmed me. It was absolutely delicious! Savory, authentic, and absolutely amazing. This is a must stop for pretty much any ethnic-food-loving vegetarian out there! My conscience was at ease while my palate was swooning.The decor is kind of traditional Thai, and I'm half-Asian so it reminded me of all the little mom-n-pop Thai diners growing up in California. There's even an adorable plush area hidden around in the back for groups - with comfy lavish pillows and a huge lazy susan in the middle of the table. Thanks Thai Rama - you've made me a happy ethnic vegetarian. xoxo
4	Yes!! Just grabbed some din din here tonight.  Thai iced tea was like a creamy milkshake, the soup (coconut milk, kaffir lime leaves, galangal, mushrooms, and extra veggies instead of chicken) is my fave! (#18 I think).  The service can be a little slow at times, but it really doesn't change how I feel about them.  Everyone is always nice and friendly and I have never had bad or so-so food here.Get it!
5	I don't think I can live without Thai Rama! As I said in my earlier review, the #18 soup is amazingly delicious! The #23 garlic chicken is probably my favorite dish! I've been ordering a different curry every time I go. The yellow curry with chicken is very good, the panang curry with beef was so good, the masaman curry is like Thai beef stew! We had the red curry with chicken once and while there was nothing wrong with it, I prefer the yellow and panang. I have yet to try the green curry.
5	This place(not the one in Tempe or Chandler) is my favorite place to eat out of any option. I seriously don't think they know how damned great their food it. If they were to move to a new building and modernize the decor they could charge me twice the amount and I wouldn't even flinch. We go pretty much every Friday and hover around 5pm for them to open like stalkers outside some window. Over the 4 years I have been going to this place I have been able to try various dishes and here is my rating on each dish and overall dining experience.Ambiance: 3/5 The place doesn't have the right flow if you were to visit you would see what I mean. The takeout area is in the middle and the wait to be seated area is around 6 feet from the door and I imagine some people might not be seated due to them not being noticed. The decor isn't much of a date place if you were trying to have the whole package of aesthetics and good food so don't come in thinking it's a Ticoz or Tuck Shop.Service: 5/5 The best I have ever had, each person is lightning quick they are super friendly and the food comes out so fast it will make your head spin sometimes.Food:  I don't know how to articulate how great it is.72- 5/5 Vegetable fried rice with chicken medium spice 5/5 - This is the freshest most flavorful fried rice I have tasted. All the veggies are crisp and tasty. Just add a dash of soy sauce and it is perfection. This is the first thing I tried years ago and ordered repeatedly as well as my whole lunch party for years straight.25 - 5/5 Chicken, onions, and peppers in medium spice sauce that must be made by the gods themselves it is so flavorful. My current favorite that I order it with extra chicken and extra sauce and it is the best thing I have ever had and is spot on each and every time.11- 5/5 Thai Angel wings -I have had a few but by far the batter on these stands head and shoulders over any other. I always order these, drown them in the sauce it comes with and it's heavenly.Beef Panang medium spice 4/5 I am not a curry fan or any thing with similar flavors,except here, they just know how to make brilliant dishes.Yellow Curry medium spice 4/5 the default choice for most people into thai it seems but this is the first place I tasted it that I genuinely would crave it as I am not a fan of curry.22-  4/5 chicken with oyster sauce and veggies with hot spice. This one was super one time then ok another time but still a solid dish. Usually a mild flavor so adding hot kicks it up.29- 4/5 similar to above with cashews with hot spice. Really great also40 - 4/5 with chicken instead of shrimp with hot spicePretty much every dish I have tried from Mango delight to their soups are great. I will mention the food in my own opinion that isn't their strong dishes so they don't ruin your first initial impression if you decide to order them.3/5 bbq chicken2/5 fried combination some veggies are good some aren't2/5 thai toast2/5 eggplant2/5 pad thai personal preference though as I dont care peanut sauce2/5 anything with duckThis review is specific to the Camelback location as the Tempe location started out great but lost a cook and multiple employees most likely due to a ego maniacal manager. That local does have an excellent building and decor and for a time identical food just in smaller portions but having two waitress/waiters for lunch rush lead to bad service and the cook change threw off the taste. I will state I haven't been back for over a year since finally writing it off after consecutive let downs so they may have remedied the issue. The Chandler one is in the family but they don't follow the recipes and do what they want with the dishes and is more of a take out place.
2	As you know,  i'm spoiled by living in the Bay Area and Tokyo.I've had amazing food and its not always expensive, usually not.I just expect quality and care in any dish.I was craving Thai food and went to Thai Rama  on a recommendation based on dinner my sister had there 3 years ago.I always order Thai Beef Salad at a new Thai spot...sort of a litmus test.It wasn't my favorite. Loads of onions, no tomato and no cucumber and no mint.The spice level was nice, good flavor.The beef was way over cooked and far from the medium rare juicy I expect.I'm not sure I will be back
1	Thai rama ding don't go here.There are many better options and the $1.50 you save is just not worth the shortcomings.Service was lax, the spring roll was hard and cold, the rice was dried out on top and the dish lacked spice and a good flavor.It was a Wednesday lunch a11:30 and this place was already packed which is usually a good sign.  I went for the lunch special Mango Delight $6.50 "hot" of course.The cabbage soup that is included came out, but to my disappointment it has chicken in it, not veg friendly.Our meals finally started to arrive (about 5 min apart) which is annoying as I like to eat when my food arrives but I also have manners.  On the plate there was a small portion of fried tofu with veggies and grilled mango, while the grilled mango was nice the rest of the items were lackluster. As I stated the rice and spring roll both had issues and the wonton chips were not the freshest. If you really want to add an odd element to you meal there is the spicy caddy that has Thai chilies in an extremely foul smelling liquid. Thoughts of that smell alone still haunt me.Bottom line at $6.50 the lunch prices are good but the lack of quality and taste lead me to go elsewhere.
4	I recently went here for lunch with a co-worker. It is literally around the corner from our office so we wanted to try someplace new. I had only had Thai once before at a different restaurant so I was a little hesitant to try it since I don't enjoy really spicy food. The place itself is pretty small but were greeted promptly and given our drinks quickly. I really enjoyed the soup that came with the lunch special I ordered (mango chicken). The mango chicken was really delicious and I made sure to order it mild. I tried the yellow curry dish my friend ordered and liked that as well. I will definitely come back for it's convenience, quick service and good food. It was also priced well!
4	Much different experience than some of the recent reviews. Stopped in for dinner. Cuban joint down the street was closed. Started off with Angel Wings. It is deep fried stuff chicken wing with sweet chili sauce. Never had them before. Quite tasty. Three of them was too much for the two of us. Next moved on to soup. We went for the Gai Tohm Kahn. Sweet and sour chicken soup with coconut. Turned out to be pretty spicy. Good for me, I like spicy food. Finished off our dinner with Rad Nahn with chicken. Big,fat rice noodles with gravy. Not spicy, but still good.The service was good, the prices were reasonable, and the food was tasty. Would return.
1	This is NOT the place to go for Thai food in Phoenix. I've eaten at just about every Thai Restaurant in the area, and this is by far the worst one. The food was overpriced and bland. The coconut curry sauce was very watered down, the veggies were limp and had lost color due to there lack of freshness, there was only three pieces of tofu in my dish, and they charged me $2 extra for brown rice. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. There are only two places that I recommend for Thai food in the area; Thai Basil and Thai Elephant. You will get a much better value, better food, better atmosphere and better service at these places. Stay away from Thai Rama if you don't want to be disappointed.
4	#66 is the best!! I have recommended it to everyone that goes there and not one person has disagreed with me.
3	Prices are reasonable and the food is good. Not the most amazing Thai ever. I do highly recommend the coconut ice cream.
4	Amazing Thai! I still think about this place and whenever I am back in Phoenix, I try to go here!
2	GOOD, BUT VERY, VERY INCONSISTENT.  ONE MEAL TO THE NEXT, THE SAME DISH CAN BE VERY DIFFERENT.  that's not good.What I want is from any restaurant is consistency.  I want the meal I had last week to taste a lot like the meal I order tonite.  Last week the Chicken curry dish I ordered wasn't even similar to the same dish ordered the week before.I don't know who the lead cook is, or how to mediate this problem.  But truth-be-told, every time I swear off this joint, I try others and come back.  BE CAREFUL.  WHATEVER YOU ORDER, YOU MIGHT NOT GET IT AGAIN.
2	Terrible thai food, the yellow curry did not have the authentic in-depth flavor profiles. There was not a trace of coconut milk, all I tasted was watery curry. Also, had me glued to the toilet all night. Shanks, but no thanks.
4	This visit was quite good. Maybe with out the rush of lunch time can be put in to each dish.We start with a curry soup. IT was large enough to feed 5. The flavors were rich and the veggies were fresh and plentiful.For the main course we shared many dishes. There was a wide flat rice noodle dish that had a great Wake flavor form the hot wok on the noodles and egg. The curries were nice too however a bit mild for my tastes, be sure to ask for the spicy caddy.Prices were affordable about $8-9 per dish
4	Ninny...Pad Thai!  Also, the server was awesome! Very rare you get great service now-a-days...he was awesome!
1	Yeah, my previous posts are accurate: these guys and gals are VERY INCONSISTENT.  NEVER THE SAME AMOUNT OF HEAT.  NEVER!These guys are either very savvy or they just hate me.  Either way, I'm not going back and that's a shame because the food is pretty good.I order one particular chicken curry dish and I've ordered it at least 50 times over the past 3 years.  Every time it's a crap-shoot how hot they're gonna make it.  I tried the "stars" system.  One night, it's 5 stars; next time, 10 stars.  And the bitch of it is, neither 5 stars or 10 stars was very hot at all.Last night I get this broad on the phone, and she says, "how hot?"  I say, "hot".  She say, "hot-hot-hot?", and I agree.  This, after 50 FRIGGING TRIPS TO THE TROUGH, and IT'S TWICE AS HOT AS EVER!  Passive-aggressive?  Douchebaginess?  I dunno.  I do know that Thai food is almost as common as McDonald's.  I'll just move on down the road.Go if you like, I didn't.
4	Ate here last night...excellent eggrolls and curry.  I have a pretty severe mushroom allergy and I feel like I'm constantly pissing servers off with my strict limitations, didn't feel that at all here.  In fact our service was excellent and our waiter actually was so cool we ended up staying longer than we anticipated.
5	Its a hole in the wall but the food and.staff is.amazing.
4	The green curry is not so good. It's very basic and just tastes like paste mixed with coconut. I prefer when there is fresh lemongrass and thai basil in it and some spice, heat and more seasoning. However, I had this soup there. I'm not sure which one it is. It's closer to the bottom of the soup menu. It's served in one of the metal bowl things with the flame under it. It is red and has lots of lemon grass stalks in it and what looks like it might be galangal(?)  woody looking chips, chicken (I don't even like chicken) and spicy deliciousness (that's an ingredient now). This soup is killer. I think about it all the time. If I could marry it, I might. It's only $8 as well and enough for two people to share, and I would go as far as to say that it would fill you up at lunch time.Go there, try this soup. Other than that.... um the place isn't very nice but it's not bad either, just a casual small little restaurant. The service is good- nothing else is very memorable about it for me except that soup, Good stuff.
5	I went to Tai Rama last night with friends absolutely Amazing.  I wish it was closer to my house but its definetely worth a Drive...
3	Well this place has been here for as long as I can remember. At least 20 years.They used to be wonderful! One of the best places to go. But, they sold and changed staff but, kept the name. I do not know why.Anyway, it went down hill very quickly. The new owners did not seem to get the concept of why this place was so popular.They do close for an entire month in the summer while the family goes back to Thai Land for holiday. They were so bad for awhile I vowed never to go back.But since my girl lives over in that part of town I would cave and we would go.It is just like a lot of the other patrons have written. It is so hit and miss. One day the food is great and the next time you go it is horrible. The lunch specials are good. But the last 4 times I have gone they never have the soup. Do not advertise soup if you really do not have it. Parking is tight so sometimes you have to park on the street.
5	This restaurant literally was a deciding factor when my husband and I purchased a house in the adjacent neighborhood. The staff are so friendly, and the food is so delicious. It's our favorite place. This location is completely separate from other Thai Ramas in the valley--way better than the one in Tempe. Try the angel wings and yellow curry!
5	Authentic and consistently excellent food, and a great value, too!
3	I love the food! However, it is definitely inconsistent with the spicy temperatures. If you don't mind paying $12 for a plate of Pad Thai (it is pretty tasty) that is sometimes Mild when you order it Medium... Then Thai Rama is the place to go.
3	This place has pretty good Thai food. My favorite dish is the crab fried rice, followed by the eggplant stir fry. I highly recommend both of these dishes, which are well worth the trip. I find the curries to be a bit watery and the service is usually mediocre. Still, it's good Thai food within walking distance.
3	I've been here several times over the last year, and like others have mentioned, I've found it a little hit or miss on taste and quality.Tonight I got my usual favorites of Pad Thai and the Yellow Curry, and the total came to over $22. That seems expensive to me, at least compared to many other Thai restaurants I've been to.And also, they want $2 for a side of rice. That's a lot. At least they give you a good amount to begin with. There were also no shrimps in the Pad Thai, despite being listed on the menu.And what Thai place doesn't have limes?
5	This was an excellent dinner! Everything and I mean everything was so fragrant, delicious, and wonderful . Ambiance isn't really there, but the wait staff is pleasant,helpful and accommodating. The owner has been there 22 years and pitches in right along side his staff. Definitely a place I would return to. We had a large group of 18 and all were impressed with the food!! Favorites? Everything!
5	The BEST thai food place in the valley. I've been to other resteraunts and NONE of them even come close. Our favorite it the Tom Kah soup with chicken with rice. However, we also have had other dishes. We have never had a bad item. The staff is also amazing with frequent check ins and always in a good mood.
1	I called and called and no one answered. Tried three times.  Is this pace even open?  Pretty sad.  Had to go elsewhere and they got our order wrong.  Open to new restaurant ideas for Thai soup. The best for me when I am sick!!
4	When we pulled up to the restaurant there wasn't a single parking space left which is always a good sign. We were greeted by a friendly waitress and seated immediately. This place is smallish, but can easily accommodate large groups. I ordered the egg rolls which are vegetarian (yeah) and the salmon with panang curry, asparagus and broccoli. It was incredible, tons of flavor. I have finally found a Thai restaurant that I will visit again.
4	My husband & I absolutely love Thai food, and coming from the Los Angeles area, we have been very spoiled.  We had not found a great Thai restaurant until we came here last weekend.  Just the right spiciness to all our favorite dishes.  Their shrimp.vegetable tempura was so light & delicious...and their homemade sweet & sour sauce is amazing...I wanted to lick the little dish clean!  Excellent service and moderate prices.  Restaurant may need some updating but the food is amazing!  We def will be back...wish it was closer for us to get take out!!
3	I had a very good meal here, again with friends from work. I'm new to Thai, so I don't remember the names of everything we ordered, but there was this almost Rice Krispy noodle dish with bits of deep-fried chicken and shrimp in it. It was sweet, crispy, and delicious. We had Pad Thai, which I've liked at other places, but here the noodles weren't firm enough for my liking. We had some deep friend shrimp which are hard to mess up, and Thai Rama didn't. Oh, and there's a deep fried vegetable dish...the yams or sweet potatoes are delicious! The spice and flavor on most of the food was good. They have this amazing iced coffee drink with heavy cream on the top, and it is absolutely fabulous! I'd probably go back.
5	This is by far not only the best Thai Rama, but the best Thai place in the valley. Always have great service, they are consistent, and I've tried probably at least 15 different thai places. The spicy noodles or the drunken noodles are to drool about! Thankfully it isn't too close to home for me or I'd eat it several times a week. Hard to find consistently great authentic food!Phoenix FAV!
4	Went here on a recent trip to AZ at the recommendation of the innkeepers at our B&B. Was not disappointed: service was great, food was delicious. Thai Rama doesn't "western it up" by adding copious amounts of grease and untraditional ingredients.  This was Thai spice and fresh flavor all the way.  Ambience is kitchy and charming. Would love to go back if we ever return to the southwest!
5	Best thai place in phoenix I dont go anywhere else! Lunch specials amazing!
5	After driving past this restaurant 5 days a week to and from school and noticing it always had a full lot, I decided to stop and get dinner.  I went with 2 dishes I have gotten often at other places, phad Thai with chicken and shrimp, and panang curry with beef.  Both dishes were absolutely delicious and the service was quick and friendly.  I will definitely be making this a place to stop at often.
4	This place is a little bit slow and nothing fancy, but the food is delish! The crab wontons are the best I've ever had and the Yellow Curry with chicken made my night. Yum!
5	The service here is very attentive and friendly. Food is perfect in every way. If you are addicted to Thai food like I am, this place will make you happy. Then, you will realize that you can't live without it. Soon you will become a regular and have the menu memorized by heart and the cooks will wonder if you ever eat at home. It's OK. It's not your fault the food is so good.With that being said, the wonton soup is to die for and I'm currently obsessed with their Pad See Ew. Come on, let's go already!
3	Got the red curry for lunch. The price was good, and the service was decent. The building looks like a former fastfood restaurant. Unfortunately the curry was bland and over salted. Might try it again because I have some friends who like it, but not in any hurry.
2	We ordered from Thai Rama thru a delivery service. Delivery service was great however, the food from the actual restaurant was not, entirely. We ordered wonton soup which looked amazing but unfortunately tasted overly salty and greasy. Also got the angel wings which we should have ordered more of that because it was the only thing flavorably good. Thai iced tea was ok but yeah we had to dilute both it and the soup to make it more palatable. They should probably discontinue delivery takeout cuz it seems to lose something in the delivery (pricey & portions) . Thai delivery can be done right- Los Angeles has it down with TG Express if you're ever staying at a hotel in downtown area - if only a Phoenix Thai place would take a lesson and follow. There'd be bookoo bucks to be made.
5	My favorite Thai place out of all the ones I tried. The sweet and sour chicken was delicious! It was the perfect amount sweet and sour. The Thai basil beef was amazing. You could taste the basil and it was a great amount of spicy! And the last last dish was a beef dish with lots of veggies which was also delicious. The service was great. The prices were great. We were definitely happy. This spot is our pick for good Thai and I'm surprised it doesn't have better reviews.
1	No working website and no answer on their phone when a I called three times. Guess I am ordering from somewhere else.
5	Best authentic Thai food in the area and possibly in the city. Recommend the chicken fried rice and Pad Thai. Service is great and take out is easy. Very reasonable prices on all of their dishes.
4	Used to eat at Thai Rama back in the 1990's and always enjoyed the food. Then at some point in the mid 2000's they changed ownership or management;and for a while the food was so so.  I had not eaten their in many years. On New Years eve mysel and 2 friends decieded to give Thai Rama a try we were all very pleased the food was delicious and the portions were sufficent. With that experience, we have been back to Thai Rama several tmes. And its been consistently good. Wait staff is attentive, the seating and atmosphere is fine. There's two things I've noticed since we started going to Thai Rama that could change and then it would be close to 5 stars. More vegetarian options., they do have a small section of vegetarian choices. Which is nice,being I'm vegetarian I'm always happy to see more vegetarian selections. And consistency with portions. Seems if you order two plates they make one of the orders normal portion size and the second order much smaller portion size. I've noticed this with consistency each and every time.  I don't understand why they do this. Perhaps I can chock it up to the fact that the waits staff are all very thin. So they are making your second dish small in order to enforce the Jenny Craig portion control on you. Ik really don't know. However when your payinf full price for the meal it should not make a dikfference even if its you 2nd 3rd or 4th dish. Portion size should be the same all the way around. Another thought I had was if your overweight which iam they short you on the portion size. The reason I say that is because my friends that have return with me to Thai Rama every time; their portions seem to be a reasonably good portion size. Not at all the smaller portion size I seem to be getting. Bla bla bla bla. I know I gone on for quite a bit about portion size..I'm going to try not to make this a contencious issueas it seems to be. Any suggestions as to hw to address some thing like this when your dinning at a restaurant you enjoy?So if it weren't for the issues I've disscused I would definatley give Thai Rama 5 starsI will return delicious food, attentive wait staff. And reasonalbe prices.  (Don't forget they offer brown rice) ++
2	So strange!!Came here and sat down right away. The table settings were unique. It was a royal blue cloth napkin wrapping a fork. I was in a mood for vegetables or a tom yum soup or both! I normally order a side soup on tom yum but their menu only had huge bowls of it for 8-9 bucks. So I decided on the chicken red curry. My friend also had ordered a pad Thai beef, not spicy, and these chicken skewers. I felt like the chicken skewers were dry. And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me. Also, as were snacking on the appetizer, the pad Thai came out and was sitting at our table four like five minutes. Then the server came back and asked us if we touched it yet and we said no. And he took the plate without saying anything. We looked at each other in silence and thought how really weird this was. He came back and said that the pad Thai was for the other table, because they ordered chicken and we ordered beef. So a beef pad Thai came out but it was really spicy when we asked for no spice. ... So strange... Even still though, the pad Thai tasted way better than my red curry.I also ordered a Thai hot tea, which I liked a lot. But really strange experience. I am not eager to come back.
1	Let's just say my boyfriend has been sick for three days from one quick dinner here; not only were we rushed out of the place AND he has been violently ill, no refund has been issued even after two phone calls excusing his illness. BOO. Go to Thai e-San instead for quality service and delicious food. It's possible these people had an off night but based off of how our problem was brushed away, we will NOT be returning. Meh
4	Surprisingly good food with great prices.Pad thai with beef and the chicken are so good. Don't get the Thai Spicy or you will be struggling for a couple of days.The food always delivers. Coworkers and I try this often and are never disappointed.
5	I love Thai Rama. This place has been here for as long as I can remember.Tom kha gai is phenomenal. It's hot and sour chicken soup with ginger, lime, and coconut milk. I've gotten this twice from this location and I swear it has mushrooms in it even though the online menu doesn't list them. Beware the galangal in the soup. It's basically a type of ginger, but don't bite into it. It's just there for flavoring and they usually leave it in big square or rectangle chunks.I'm a garlic fan. Can never have enough so the gratiam prig thai is a go-to dish for me too. It's a meat in a spicy garlic sauce. I choose chicken and it's never been dried out or rubbery.
5	The people here are extremely friendly and the food is so damn good. My favorite dish is the beef and broccoli
5	I have been going here for so long I can't believe I haven't reviewed Thai Rama yet! In two words: delicious perfection! The food always has a wonderful balance between flavor and spiciness and the sauces are just the right consistency. The Gai Tohm Khah, #23 garlic chicken and panang beef are my absolute favorites.  They were recently closed for a few months for building repairs after a taxi drove into the restaurant and I can't emphasize how much my friends and I missed it. We tried other Thai restaurants while we waited for it to reopen but they all lacked compared to Thai Rama. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it!
1	Riprama, ordered pad thai, lors of noodles, very little chicken,.and ONE shrimp, first an last time there!!
4	This is my favorite thai restaurant,  I have tried 10 other thai restaurant s but I still go back to  this place.the service is normally excellent and very friendly however with the reopening  the we're short staff. We had  their pad thai which we love but now there is only one shrimp.  Their red curry with green beans is also one of my favorites. You also need to try their coconut ice cream
5	This place is great and has fantastic food- #23 is legit.  Service and food is constantly exceptional.  This place is a staple and I'm happy it reopened.
5	Best I've had. My fave is Mango delight it's delish. Always seem busy but that's just how good it is!
5	If you're looking for a local and casual Thai restaurant to enjoy, this is the place to go. I've been a happy customer here for over 3 years and usually order the minced chicken lahb (so dang flavorable) and drunken noodles dish with chicken. I love their sweet mango, sticky rice when it's in season, too. They know me by name and usually already know what I'll be ordering. Either it's pizza or Thai food every Sunday night and I have to say, Thai Rama usually wins.I can't even spit a rhyme about this place because it's serious business how much I love it here :P.
3	Stopped in for lunch had the yellow chicken curry lunch special. I haven't been here in years but everything was just as I remembered, I ordered the curry medium and had just enough spice to start a light sweat and still taste flavorful. The staff was hustling and everything came out fast despite being almost full. Definitely worth the stop if you're in the area.
5	My very favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix. The staff is amazing, a family run joint.  Get the Panang curry, drunken noodle, and a wonton soup.  Oh! and the eggplant is amazing!  Just get one of everything....
5	Soooooo tasty. We ordered the yellow curry mild and it was perfect. We also ordered the Gai Tohm Khah (sweet and sour soup  with coconut milk, mint leaves, and mushrooms) it was so amazing and came out in a large metal propane serving dish ! Get that for an appetizer to share with the table. Service was wonderful and the place is clean and cute.
4	I love this restaurant  the best dish maybe it's desert. We love their coconut ice cream,  topped with crushed peanuts, it is to die for. You need to add their fish sauce to any meals you have this is not for the faint at heart. For appetizers try their crab puffs and fried wantons
5	Love this place! We do take-out all the time - the staff is so friendly and the food is delicious! We especially recommend the panang curry with chicken.
5	Lived within a block of here for three years and by far my favorite place to go and grab a take out dinner that I knew would be amazing.  A must try! Everything I have had here has been delicious so you can't go wrong.
5	Everything we get here is fresh and tasty. Unique Thai in the best way possible. Paht Thai is great, get it spicy. Tempura green beans with a surprise of cilantro that delivers a good spin. The best silver noodles we have had; add a little broccoli for nice crunchiness. Get a Thai iced tea; you'll love it. Great, friendly staff who remembers us easily, and knows what we want or what to recommend. Drop by anytime and you will be glad you did.
5	Food is always good. Service is a little slow but they are super friendly. Thai hot is actually hot! Better then the thai restaurants down town for sure
5	Best Thai In The Valley!!A friend of mine had been raving to me about this place for years. I finally visited it in April, and then again yesterday. My April visit was a really nice experience. The servers was helpful with suggestions and explanations of the food. I couldn't recall my friends recommendations, but tried #26, Chicken (choice of meats) stir-fried with fresh chili peppers, onions and bamboo shoots, which I had mildly spicy. It was delicious, and I left with every intention of returning soon, however a car crashing into their building caused them to close down for several months. Bummer.Well, I finally got back there armed with my friend's recommendations. My server was very familiar with my friend, and recited off to me as his favorites, the same recommendations he had given me. I took that as a good sign, and it was. This time I had #36 Eggplant stir-fried with chili, onions, carrots and mushrooms with chicken (choice of meats). We settled on medium heat this time, which is how the server told me that my friend orders it.It was spectacular! I had never had Asian eggplant before! I have no idea exactly how they cooked the eggplant, but it was juicy and full of the flavor of the sauce. I found myself favoring it over all of the ingredients in the dish. The sauce was savory with all sorts of notes that I couldn't identify, but loved. I believe it had a healthy dose of Thai basil, a nice bite, a wonderful rich body, and a wonderful dose of garlic. All of the ingredients combined so nicely, I nearly hurt myself trying to finish the entire dish. In the end, I had a healthy amount to take home for later. Based on the heat of the dish, I decided that a scoop of coconut ice cream was in order. It too was delicious. My server came back to my table often to chat and to check on my progress. It was one of the most delightful meals that I can recall. In addition to my left-overs, I took home an order of #15 Tohm Yahm Goong - a zesty hot and sour shrimp soup with lemon grass and fresh mushrooms.I have eaten Thai at several locations in the valley, and this was by far the best. I already know what I am having on my next visit!!!
3	I wish the food wasn't so good. I wish the staff wasn't so nice. I wish the prices weren't so low. I wish these things because it would make it so much easier to give Thai Rama a really bad review. Unfortunately, the staff is nice and the food really is great and the prices are low for Thai food in Arizona. The positives aside, the service is spotty at best. They even forgot to place my order for curry, but since we had so much food I didn't really mind. With a full house and only two servers, it's expected. But what really chaps my hide is that they charge an AUTOMATIC 18% gratuity REGARDLESS of the size of your party, so there really is not any incentive to provide better service. On top of the 18%, there is an additional 3% added if you pay by credit or debit card. So, as low as the prices are and as bad as the service can be, you end up paying 21% more on your bill. Too bad - the soup, pineapple fried rice, pad Thai, curries, and sticky rice desserts are pretty epic...
5	Saw the reviews and I had to come check it out! The pad Thai was excellent! Medium spicy is spicy! #26 the Paht Graphrao was amazing! Highly recommend! The owner even came out and asked how everything was. How can u beat that service?? Definitely will come by again when I'm in the area.
5	Great food, but if you order hot on the food, you better bring a fire extinguisher! We had medium and it was still very hot. You are able to share your dish if you like. I am going to come back here. Really good food for a little place
5	Great service! Tasty food! The cup of cabbage soup is so warm & has so much flavor! It's a great feeling to walk in a place that you are a regular and they automatically know your food order! Now thats Awesome!!!
4	This is my favorite thai restaurant.  Staff is friendly.  I love their chicken and green beans in a red curry sauce. I also love their garlic shrimp.  The sauce is simply delicious.  I can get by just eating the gravy . I also like their silver noodles. The best  dish is their coconut ice cream.  Try it you will like it
