4	The Nellie's take out menu says "Homemade Good Tasty Middle Eastern Food" and that says it all. I ordered take out from Nellie's expecting it to be good because one of my co-workers recommended it. All this time I thought that Baba D's was the be all end all for Gyros in Oakland, but they definitely have competition from the lesser known Nellie's.The feel of this little corner restaurant really is that of a homey, authentic kitchenette. If I had a Greek/Lebanese/MidEastern grandma, this is how I would imagine her food to taste. I am going back many more times to try their dishes, but for now I will recommend the Gyros, the Special of the day (it's Chicken and Beef rice, I forget what it's called), and the baklava was awesome. I had the grape leaves and they were good, not incredible. I will go back to try their Spanikopita, Meat Pie, Spinach Pie, and Falafel, not necessarily in that order. We'll see what my stomach desires each time.The prices are fair - the combo platters are $8.50, their a la carte dishes are in the $4-6 range. They are only opened Monday through Fridays from 11am to 5pm. They advertise deliveries too, but I don't know the details.All of us walk by, drive by, and see this place so many times without stopping in. Trust me, it's about time.... that is if you find a parking spot in Oakland. Good luck!
3	Ok I've had the shawarma and the stuffed grape leaves (vegetarian). The Shawarma was excellent and the stuffed grape leaves were very tasty. So Will I be going back again you ask....NO! This place is only open M-F 11-5pm when most of us are at work. And don't even think about sneaking up on the weekends because they are closed on Sat & Sun. The only reason that I was able to enjoy anything from this place is that I took my birthday off from work and just so happened to walk-in and give this place a try. I'm thinking there may be a correlation between the business hours and the number of reviews. Anyhow if you are a student or work in Oakland do not miss this place! I however, will have to look elsewhere:(
2	I can't for the life of me remember who told me about this place, but I have to say, I wish they hadn't. I grabbed lunch here with a friend and though the guy working the counter was very friendly, the food was bland. I ordered some kind of pumpkin special which consisted of two tiny fried pumpkin balls (the dough was made out of pumpkin) stuffed with who knows what. With that you got a whole lot of runny humus and some kind of parsley salad (which made me a bit nauseous while eating it). All this came with a pita that could have easily come from Giant Eagle...last week.With so many options in the Oakland area (think: Spice Island!), this was a total let down. I don't go over to eat here too often, so it was a shame that this was so disappointing.
4	Nellie's brings a much needed respite from regular ol' sandwiches, soups and pizza that pervade the Oakland lunch scene. My recent favs are the falafel and tabouli. Oooh, that tabouli... so flavorful with the parsley and citrus, man it's good on a ripped pita section! Recent dislike is the hummos; I find it too "Earthy." The service is nice and typically prompt, they accept cards (there's a minimum charge amount), and the location is a plus for those of us who work at the top of the hill. Stop in, and give some local business owners your patronage!
2	I want to like this place but it just never seems to hit its mark.  The hummus is okay but they use way too much tahini in it.  The food is consistently ok, but it is just ok.  The service is always slow.
3	I wish there were an option for 2.5 stars.  I went back to Nellie's and it's OK, but I don't think it's A-OK.  I have an obsession w/ hummus.  I dont know what it is, but I'm guessing it's all the fat that is in the tahini that does it for me.  Sometimes the hummus at Nellie's is ok, but I'm spreading the word that (at least this week), the hummus at Nellie's is hummazing.  I hate myself a little for that pun but I get carried away by good hummus.The hummus is good.Because I've been to Nellie's three days in a row, I am now friends w/ the elderly gentleman who seems to own the place.  In fact yesterday, I got a kiss and a hug when I ordered my hummus!  I make friends VERY easily, and the same thing happens when I buy cheese at the Shadyside Mkt Dist so I think this is something I just bring out in people.  I dunno...I know I don't know him but if he keeps making that hummus we are going to be best friends!Here is what I don't like about this restaurant:1.  They dont really have lunch specials so if you get hummus and grape leaves as I did yesterday, it's $14 and that's a lot for lunch.  At least for me.2.  there is no atmosphere.  This place has had the same wallpaper border since I started going there - ten years ago.  I think Nellie's has been in the same spot for at least 15 years.3.  the place is kind of dirty.  My coat fell on the windowsill (i think it's the heater) and there was a line of gray dirt on my coat when I picked it up.  I don't think it has ever been cleaned.  The tables seem clean, but that is pretty gross.  Not so gross I won't be back, but gross enough I'm not sitting next to it the next time I go there.They have good food at alright prices, and they're in a great location.  Try this place if you love greek/middle eastern food and it's convenient.  I wouldn't drive or go out of my way to eat here, but it's not bad.
1	Sorry but this is some of the worst middle eastern food I've ever had.  I had it catered once at a university event, then later I stopped to get a lunch to go and both times I was really disappointed.  Normally I love grape leaves but there's just don't taste right at all--the texture and flavor is just all off.  And the meat ones have some kind of mystery meat that seems like the quality of pet food.  I had a falafel sandwhich and it was just dry and bland without much in it.  It didn't come with a side or anything and when I ordered a small side of grape leaves the total came out to over $13 which is pretty pricey for this type of food even when it's good. The service was friendly and fast but doesn't make up for the awful food.  There also isn't much seating area and there is no atmosphere at all.  Just a few tables in a sparse setting.
4	Food wise, I ordered the Shawarma sandwich. It was bigger than any other gyro or shawarma sandwiches in the Oakland area at about 10". The meat was decent, and I could definitely taste lively veggies inside. I liked the parsnips but thought there was too much tahini. It was also filling which made it a decent deal in Oakland for $7.22.I liked how the cashier (I am presuming the owner) knew his regulars and was friendly. I didn't like the wait time for a shawarma sandwich. A twenty-plus minute wait for an item without unique ingredients at a place that wasn't busy is too long.I'd rate Nellie' three and a half stars, but I cannot thereby I am rounding up to four because I think they offer the best value for Gyro and Shawarma sandwiches in Oakland.
