4	I had a groupon for colon hydrotherapy, and my experience was good. There are a lot of negative reviews for this place at their old address, so to their credit I wanted to tell my experience.  After making my appointments, I got follow up confirmations via email. These emails said no food at least two hours before the appointment.  I also got reminder emails right before my appointment. When I got there, the office was small but clean and quiet, New-age music in the background.  The therapist was extremely informative and kind. I was told up front that one appointment wouldn't take care of my problems, but it would take several. I already knew and understood that, don't expect to get totally cleaned out with one or even two visits.  They even gave me a dvd to take home.  The only reason I didn't do 5 stars is because it was kind of a hassle getting the appointments. No one ever answered the phone when I first called.  I had to leave a message and it took them about 4 days to get back to me. But once I got in they treated me great and even spared me my dignity. I will go back for sure.
1	do not go here!!  total rip off.  awful ghetto service!  first-  therapist didn't show up twice to our appointment, then tried to sell me a six hundred dollar package and took my money and ran!! .. seriously... seriously!   i think they might they might be a "get up and go business"... in the legal process of getting the money back.
1	From the moment I walked in there was terrible music played in the lobby and a screaming child echoing through the building. I understand everyone has a bad day now and then, but I have to say this was a terrible experience. My therapist was nice and knowledgeable, but a bit long winded and lacking in that "soothing touch" you'd hope from someone who's getting ready to put water up your butt, an intimate experience to say the least. The child screaming could be heard the entire time. The water was cold. Nothing was achieved from my session. 1 week earlier I had a session at a different Colonics place and it was a wonderful experience that had great results. After an hour of what can only be described as one of the most awkward and uncomfortable experiences I've had, I was told that I owed $12 as a tip, even though this was a Groupon gift. I understand you should tip your therapist, however, a tip is based on the experience, and I didn't feel a tip was warranted. This upset the rude lady behind counter who made it a point to show me the small sign in the lobby stating that tips are necessary. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT go here.
1	GET YOUR GHETTO COLONIC HERE! Went here with a Groupon, had an uneasy feeling during first visit but the next two visits went better so I decided to get a package I must say this - BIG MISTAKE! They expect you to dry off with a hospital gown that was also used to cover your bottom half during the treatment, so dry off with a poop spattered hospital gown and no towel.  I would always have to ask for a towel.  Once I was given a wet hospital gown (hmmmm did someone else just use this?) with a brown smear mark that looked like poop, I asked for a towel and the towel was also damp like someone else had used it.  The only time I got aroma therapy was during maybe 2 of the 6 sessions.  During the last 3 sessions, the tech just showed me to the room and I had to get settled on my own and turn on the machine myself AND when my session was over the tech just poked her head in and said your session is over turn the water off.  Where as before, after I got on the machine the tech would come in and make sure everything was set up correctly, turn on the water, apply essential oils on my lower stomach area to help get things moving, when session was done would turn off water, remove the thing that goes in your butt so you could clean up easier and would come back to show you what your body released if you wanted.  The last session for some reason they thought having hot water shoot up your butt was better than the normal cooler temp water.  I didn't realize the water was so hot until I turned the water on myself, to have the temp lowered, I would have to climb off the machine, cover my bottom region and figure out which room the tech was in, so I just got up and left.  Also they do not have a receptionist.  Seems like they rather make quick money with Groupon people than retaining a real customer base.  I could have just stayed home, saved my money and given myself enemas rather than go to this place!  STAY AWAY!
1	So this review is waaaaaay over due.  I hate to give this kind of review, because I hardly do reviews.  When I do they are 5 stars.  We need more places like this, but not if it is going to be at the cost of uncleanliness.    I had a colonic for the first time ever, and the experience was ok.  I didn't really know what to expect. One of my other friends told me that it should be a relaxing experience and they should massage my stomach to help relieve the contents. On a + note, they did massage my stomach with essential oils. I was fascinated about all of the things that we hold in our bodies, that came out .      Like most people who hear about this place, I purchased a Groupon, then once I was there I was bamboozled to get a package deal.  Each time that I went to this place it was always something.  1st of all, I called to make an appointment...and they never would answer the phone, so I would have to leave a message on a generic recording.  Not even a recording that had the business name, directions, hours of operation or anything.  Then, they would take approximately 1-2 days to call back.       So my 1st-2nd visit, the restroom seemed as if it could be remodeled. .. wasn't impressed.       My third visit was better, because they offered me the sauna experience to help the contents come out easier.  I agreed.  The sauna wasn't too bad, and they even had music and magazines to help with the time.  However, I had to use the restroom before I even started the colon hydrotherapy and to my surprise THERE WERE STILL REMAINS....from the previous person. So that I could get comfortable, I CLEANED IT MYSELF with the cleaning agents and toilet brush.  I was too thru with this place by then.   SO I asked the Therapist if they clean before each new guest, she said they did, but they "had been were busy".       So I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU FIND ANOTHER PLACE to get these services done!!!.  I even had another friend to come here after I told her not to and she had a bad experience as well.
