5	One of my absolute favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh.  The meals are a little bit more expensive than you normally want to eat as a student (I probably spend $20-25 with appetizer and dessert), but the food makes this hole-in-the-wall truly worth a trip.Christo is the owner of the restaurant and was at one time employed upon the Onassis yacht.  Years ago when I first came to his restaurant, he was the head waiter on a staff of one.  More recently when I have gone, there have been other hired waiters.  The service isn't great, but it's not terrible either.The food offerings include standard middle eastern fare: hummus, baba ghanouj, phyllo-dough wrapped pockets, and kabobs.  The desserts also include standard middle eastern desserts like baklava and strong coffees, but the signature dessert is the Onassis dessert, a syrup-soaked cake topped with custard and whipped cream, dusted with cinnamon.  The last time I was there, he had added a chocolate Onassis dessert, which was also excellent.My normal meal there consists of baba ghanouj (which is about the best I've ever had....it's a real hit-or-miss dish, and Christo's knocks it out of the park), a combination (lamb & chicken) kabob, and the Onassis dessert.It's out of the way, but well worth a trip!
3	Went for lunch, the hummus was good, i had the eggplant which was awfully bland even with a nice tomato sauce.  no beer with lunch though (bogus!)
5	Our FAVORITE RESTAURANT in Pittsburgh - we come here every time we are in town. Best hummus in the tri-state area!  The lamb is GREAT! Actually, I haven't had anything here that wasn't great! Christos remembers us everytime we walk in the door.  We have our own special table right by the kitchen and talk with him while we eat. The baclava and the Jackie O cake are to die for.  Don't pass up the grape leaves and the homemade wine. We always buy extra food to take home.
3	Had dinner here one evening. Ordered the Greek salad with Feta cheese - AND a Gyro platter. plus a glass of lemonade.Salad was very basic - iceberg lettuce with a smattering of other greens and onions, some feta cheese, dressing - and one olive. Just one.Then the platter came out - two pieces of Pita bread, several long thin pieces of Gyro meat, hummus, rice - and another Greek salad. Now why the hell didn't the guy who took my order bother to tell me I got a salad with my Gyro platter?I ate the Pita and Gyro meat along with the hummus and most of the rice. Interestingly enough - this second Greek salad had - drum roll please.....One olive! Must be an olive shortage in Pittsburgh. I did not eat the second salad as I was all salad-ed out at that point. I did eat the second olive though.Food IMHO was just average - it felt more authentic than some of these places that serve you the Gyro meat wrapped up in a piece of Pita with a yogurt sauce.I got one refill on my lemonade. The older gentleman who took my order was not particularly outgoing or friendly. In fact he was kind of gruff and standoffish - I was very friendly and polite during my visit.
3	Fast, friendly service of solid comfort food at a price that won't break the bank. It's good for pre-theater/concert dinners, especially if you want something that's not too fussy.The food is fine, though perhaps not as out of this world as the gregarious owner would like you to believe. My moussaka was a tad on the bland side, but it was piping hot and hit the spot on a cold night. The desserts were definitely the highlight. My companions report that the homemade wine was also surprisingly good.3.5 stars
1	I hated it! First, when I reach there the server showed me a table at the door. I asked for another location because it was cold... His answer.... Why? followed with an arrogant face!!! OK!!!! We finally sited in another place.... The salad came... It was ok... Nothing special... The entree... Please.... I can cook better... The lamb was sooo ordinary... Since I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting, I ask to the same old "gentleman" that was serving us for a itemized ticket ( to be reimbursed by university). Whole sh....!!!! His answer: this is the receipt, I can give you nothing else! You can write by yourself what you ate and show to them.... The only restaurant that gave me so rude, unprofessional answer ever!!!! It is not everything... I just took my things and I was moving out when the same "gentleman" say loud: THE TIP WAS NOT INCLUDE!!!! Oh my god.... Should I really tell him how much he deserved? But, I took a deep breath and some bucks from my pocket, and give to him... Saying sorry with my mouth, but shov.... it!!!! With my eyes!!!! Please, if you go to there... Cross the street, you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead, Cambodian. Three steps back, a nice cafe. Better, Six Penn at the corner...
4	By far, my favorite place to eat either before or after a show downtown (factoring in both price and food). The food is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Like the Moussaka and the Greek salad with gyro meat (or grilled lamb, but you have to ask special since it is not on menu). The homemade wine is great, as is the Jackie O. desert.
2	This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with: hummus (watery) pita (store bought) gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before, it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small) Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing) grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good) and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor). Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint. I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers, this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us. Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.
5	Christos has European charm along with wonderful Greek food!  The owner is very caring about the comfort and enjoyment of his customers.  The home made wine, red is the best, adds a great touch to the food, although people who want can byob.  Our favorites are the spanakopita and the exohiko, lamb in phylo dough with a great sauce.  Can't leave withotu tasting the Jackie O desert.
1	This place looked hopeful for authentic Mediterranean but the food just didn't live up to any expecation. Do yourself a favor and go next door to Cafe Milano.
2	Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.
4	3.5 StarsChristos is a sort of charmingly run-down sort of place, particularly given that many of the other offerings in the Cultural District are pretty new joints.  The food is better than average.  Having just eaten at DC's supposedly cheapest and best Greek restaurant the week I was in Pittsburgh, I found the food to be more authentic, better seasoned, fresher and definitely cheaper.We had a group of 10 on a Sunday night.  The restaurant owner/manager/old Greek guy came out onto the sidewalk as we were walking by and practically begged us to come in.I had a grilled fish dish that was nicely cooked along with a glass of the house red wine.  At the end of our meals we decided we had to try the famous "Jackie O cake," which was, sad to say, nothing particularly special.Best of all, we had no problems splitting the check multiple ways when it came time to leave.
3	I loved the food. The salad was delicious and I had a fantastic lamb kebab and cheese pastry for the main course.The ambiance was a little strange but ultimately charming and nice. We were there right before the symphony and ballet were starting (reservations at 6 before shows at 8) and it was super crowded. The main floor was at capacity but we were told to go back through the kitchen and downstairs into the basement. It was utilitarian, to be sure (cinder blocks, plastic deck furniture) but not really a problem.The terrible aspect of it--and the reason this wasn't more stars--was the service. Our waitress was either dealing with all the tables upstairs as well or just didn't know what was going on, because she seemed totally and utterly bewildered (beyond the usual frazzled state of a busy waitress). Totally in over her head. We were there sitting down to order at 6:15 and our main course wasn't there until around 7:20, by which time we needed to be finishing up so we didn't miss our 8:00 events.I know some of this has to do with the kitchen being busy and it wasn't her fault, but that was still problematic. A half dozen times she came by and said it'll just be a few more minutes. We ordered a hummus appetizer and she brought too few pita bread pieces, and then took forever to get more.This is a nice down home place and at any time other than the pre-theater rush, is probably a great restaurant. But if you're in a rush to get to an event, give yourself at least two hours.
3	We love eating at Christos and have many times in the past............however, I can't help feeling taken advantage of this summer on more than one occasion.  We love the simpleness of the place -- in fact it reminds me of Nana's kitchen growing up - NO frills - lots of love and yummy things to eat.There is a particular st lye that I do not enjoy and that is the constant offers of this and that and they make it look like hummus and pita are complimentary as well as salads being included.  By the time one receives the bill -- EEKE! I could have eaten at a more upscale place.That's all I have to say -- don't enjoy feeling hustled -- not sure if we will continue to dine there when there is a place right across the street with less charm but yummy food.
1	Dirty, unclean, my friend and I went to lunch here.  She went to go to the bathroom. Upon returning to the table had the following story to tell.  To get to the bathroom she had to go through the kitchen and down a flight a stairs. When passing through the kitchen she saw raw chicken left out in the heat congealing in it's own blood.  Christos you get no second chances after a stunt like that.  The food was tasty, but come on now chicken chillen on the counter is a no go in anyone's kitchen.
2	This can be summed up as follows: For Greek food, go to Salonika directly across the street. This place is below par in just about every way. The prices are not high, but the servers seem more like salesmen in pressuring you to add dessert, etc. (At lunch?). I haven't been impressed by the food after numerous tries, and the atmosphere is dated and dingy. I would much rather go across the street at a place with no pretensions (counter service) and pay for honest food that I can see being prepared.
3	I really might go up to 4 stars.  I've been coming here for probably more than 15 years, even when it was called Susies.  Christo was the chef even then. don't come here if you mainly frequent chain or upscale restaurants, but do come if you like tradtional Greek food. Some complain about slow service but I think it's just cultural--we tend to be too much in a hurry.  But if you're heading to an event, give yourself two hours.  The food is good, best avogolemono (lemon chicken) soup ever!
5	I found this jewel of a restaurant while I was staying in Pittsburgh for a month. I was stressed out trying to find healthy vegetarian food in a full on Meat n Potatoes city when finally I came across Christos! WOW! I fell in love with the service & food so much I was coming everyday until I left back to Hollywood, CA. In fact I haven't found such a great traditional Greek restaurant here in LA that can compare to Christos. Everything I had was superb especially the lentil soup, so amazing! For dessert you must try the "Jackie O"... so good. I am shocked to find such an amazing restaurant in a town like Pittsbrugh and even more shocked to read a few of the *less than 5 star reviews* of Christos here on Yelp. I believe a restaurant like this is far above & beyond Pitts peeps.
1	The food was clearly microwaved (ie the ring around the soup bowl and splatters along the sides). The fish was rubbery. The wait staff, although nice, was very salesy always trying to "add on" something in a pushy way. I asked for my check and barely ate anything. I think the waiter got his ego bruised because he decided to display his "Best In City" award right behind my head as I was still sitting at the table... a shame the award was from 2005! I guess a lot changed in 7 years?Don't bother with this place!
3	I crave the Jackie O cake, a must have!!!!
4	The food here is authentic and tasty and the place itself is a gem of kitch. Do not go here if you want a fine dining experience. The servers are odd, but that's part of the experience. The dining room may be cluttered with old photos, objects representing Greek culture and other oddities, but again that's part of the charm. The food is really, really good and I believe it is very well priced for what you get. They also have this amazing soup that seems to have magical powers when it comes to curing a cold. Fabulous!
3	Christos is a cute little place. It's been there for 38 years and I think that it hasn't changed much over the duration.  Sure the place is kitschy, but that's part of the charm.  The antiques and old photos were interesting to me, and there's some nice pieces there. The service is friendly, down to earth, and warm.The owner showed me an award for the "Jackie Onassis cake" from 2009.While I want to love this place, the food is sub-par.  While the hummus was good (indeed thin as mentioned elsewhere) the Hercules special(lamb, beef, beans over rice) was just so-so.I want to see this place continue to succeed, but the food quality needs to be turned up a notch if that's going to happen.I'm rating 2.5 stars, but rounding up for the reasons mentioned.
3	Descriptive phrase: classic Greek.Christos is unassuming, but good. Katie K., her sister, and I were wandering around downtown Pittsburgh on a Sunday night and many other things were closed. We stopped briefly to look at the menu that was laid on a table outside, and a nice old man came right out and invited us in. So we followed him.It's a cramped little space, made even more so by the insane amount of Greek relics/touristy items everywhere. Even on a Sunday night, though, the place had a good and varied crowd ranging from teens to families to old men hanging around.Our waiter, who I found out later was the owner, was odd in a fantastic way. He just was bright and quick, and obviously loved his lot in life.We started with the Hummus ($4) which came with fresh, hot pita bread. The bread was great, but I didn't enjoy the hummus (too bland). We each had a glass of the house wine (red and white) (~$3?) which were delicious. I ordered the Lamb Kebab ($12.95) which came with some grilled veggies and rice pilaf on the plate but also included a soup/salad. I loved the soup. LOVED it. It was a milky broth with rice. Sounds odd, but perfect for me as I was getting over a cold, and went well with the pita bread from before. The grilled veggies were good, and I really liked the rice pilaf. The lamb kebab was not bad, but Katie K's was so tough she didn't eat much of it. I did not have the same problem, though we'd order the chicken next time.We finished the night with Baklava ($3) and the famous Onassis Dessert ($3). The owner regaled the entire place with the story of how he worked on the Jackie O yacht for years and this was her favorite dessert. Goodness, I can understand why. It looks like a simple slice of vanilla cake but it's so much more, with a honey syrup and whipped cream with cinnamon. I want it. I want it now.Overall, it was a 3-star kind of place. Good but not great. The dessert and wine were top notch, but it lost points on the main entree and the price (which I thought would be reasonable but topped out at $25 a person with tip!). Christos' saving grace is its ambience and staff. Check it out if you have the time.
2	This is the first time in a long while (10 yrs?) and now I remember why. The food is fair at best for the main meal. The salad is good but small. The hummus is a little bland. The best parts were the "homemade" wine, both white and red, kinda like adult kool-aid  and the Jackie O cake was great. My issue was the price, $59. for dinner for 2. For this price, I would have expected more.I can't believe the 4 and 5 star reviews that I have read on this site. It's hard to believe that this place rates so many opposing reviews. I will never go back here again.
5	Excellent everything! Classic family-run Greek restaurant. Home made everything, including great family-made Greek wine. Inexpensive and authentic. Christos, the owner is hospitable and welcoming. I come from NYC, and I say this is right on par with the Greek food back home.
1	Christos was one of the worst experiences I've ever had while dining in Pittsburgh. They call this a Greek restaurant but they don't even have a normal gyro on the menu. My boyfriend and I decided to split the platter, which was horrible. The gyro meat wasn't off the spick, the dolmades were the worst thing ever eaten in my life and they charged us 4.00 to split it which we didn't even ask for in the first place. The only pleasant thing about this place was the cook who ended up serving us our food after our waiter went out for what seemed like a drug deal. Over all, everything was bad and I would never return and would advice everyone else to do the same.
5	We were downtown looking for some place to eat before the show when I man standing outside showed us a menu. Boy, we were not the least disappointed. After hummus and pita chips, we all started off with an excellent very tasty fresh salad. The leg of lamb of excellent as was the sides of grilled vegetable and rice. I don't usually like hummus but it was tasty and excellent. The Jackie O cake is to die for.  We agree that the waiter were sort of odd, but in a very good way. Excellent prices. Homemade wine was also excellent.
4	Christos reminds me of the ethnic restaurants you'd see throughout Europe or large American cities.  The owner or one of the staff is often outside encouraging patrons to check out the menu and come inside.  It may seem odd in Pittsburgh since most other places don't do that,  but it is fairly typical in other cities.I've been to Christos several times now and been happy with each visit.  The biggest down side for me is that they can be very pushy, especially if the owner is waiting on you.  Also, they will ask if you want hummus and pita when you first sit down.  While it is absolutely worth getting (I love the flavor of the hummus) note that it is NOT a free item like getting bread at another restaurant might be.  Just be aware so you aren't surprised when you see it on your bill.They have a red and a white house made wine.  They are both pretty sweet, but tasty.  I just wish the glasses were larger.  They are in pretty tiny glasses.Try the Saganaki!  You can't go wrong with flaming, gooey tasty cheese.  Just be aware that when they bring it to your table, they will scream 'Opa!" and either whistle or bang.  That really caught us by surprise.The food is by no means gourmet, especially in presentation, but it is tasty and home made.  That has positives and negatives.  For example, I had the ground beef/noodle dish (can't remember the name and don't want to butcher it).  It was very tasty, but usually it has bechemel sauce over the top of it.  It was a little dry without it and I was told they don't have any to add on since it is baked right into the dish.   Most meals come with soup or salad, rice and roasted veggies.  The salads have a nice mix of veggies (tomatoes, green and red peppers and cucumbers) olives and even apples.  There is feta cheese and a nice and light dressing.  A perfect way to start your meal.Their "famous" dessert is the Jackie O.  My husband tried it and loved it but I wasn't overly impressed.  They do offer several dessert selections including the staple baklava.If you are in the cultural district and enjoy greek/comfort food, I suggest a visit to Christos.
1	So....I read the reviews on Yelp & Urban Spoon.Mostly negative, but hey I was hungry and gave it a shot.It's true the place is dingy & like entering a Greek grandfather's home. I was first asked  if I wanted huumus. I declined that after reading is was mediocre at best. So I tried the $5.25 saganaki. It came out in an old brown dish with what looked like rubber floating in lemon juice and oil. * The owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra.It tasted WORSE than it looked (if that was possible). Tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy. * I have had many saganaki in various countries. This ranked as one of the VERY worst! I made the best decision to leave before food poisoning set in. Bottom line:  HORRIFIC !!!
3	This is a lovely Greek restaurant  that my husband and I just happened upon while walking downtown looking for a suitable venue to dine and drink, being tourists still and not yet quite moved to the area.  We had already been in one restaurant in which the wine prices were through the roof and had looked over several other menus tacked on the outside of some other restaurants.  Then, lo, and behold, Monica, I'm assuming one of the restaurant owners, walked up to us on the sidewalk menu in hand convincing us to come try her restaurant just a few strides away. And convincing she was.  "Why not?" we both thought.  She did such a good job giving us a sales pitch, we thought her restaurant deserved a chance tonight.  We were ushered inside the small venue to a table very near another couple just finishing dessert and asked about their experience.  The fact that they were happy being there and the fact that there were other patrons was a positive start.  I was so afraid we were going to be ushered into an empty place begging for business but, not so.  There was a steady stream of clientele, most due to Monica's steady persuasion, I'm sure.  We started with hummus and pita and a glass each of Greek white and red wine.  Then we ordered lamb and chicken kabob combo and some other greek dishes which came with a decent salad and a side.  Finally, we had to order dessert, knowing full well it would be home made.  The guests nearest us had ordered the Jackie O (as in Onasis) cake and another pastry, which is what Monica recommended to us so that's what we ordered.  It was all pretty good, not stellar, but pretty darned good.  I've definitely had more flavorful kabobs but I did appreciate the family home cooking aspect.   The wine was ok but would rather have ordered off a wine list.  The salad was a nice size and was good.  The Jackie O cake was light and moist -- a hit.  One point to know that has been mentioned in other reviews:  the main meal looks to be inexpensive but it will add up quickly.  Everytime Monica looks at you with smiling eyes and asks if you'd like some wine, then ask if you want another glass, or do you want some hummus, and finally if you'd like dessert, you really want to say "yes" as if you're at your favorite aunt's house.  But, of course, each of these items comes with a price which you're glad to pay at the end of the meal because of your gracious host's manners and offerings.I swear that Monica has the best work ethic I've seen in a long time.  From the moment she saw us on the sidewalk, she was in motion from ushering us in, to seating us, to taking our order, to presenting our order, to refilling our water, to cleaning tables next to us, to flagging down more clientele, to making sure we and other clients were satisfied with their meals, to taking our payment.  One small humorous note as other reviewers have pointed out:  Ask for directions to the restroom and you'll be ushered through the kitchen, saying hello to the dishwasher and the cook, down the stairs.  I've never experienced that before (probably for good reasons).  But, it was humorous.
5	Magic happens at this restaurant. Beautiful family, beautiful service, wonderful food (and wine).We love you Monica!!!!Love always, your friends in CA
2	So our intentions were to eat at the Indian place across the street however a lady ran across the street and started rattling off the menu as we were walking. At first I liked her moxy, but soon realized that if this is how they need to bring in customers we may be in trouble. Another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in. Our dinner conversation was constantly interrupted by the servers yelling across the street and on the side walk at potential customers. Now on to the food:I ordered the chicken kabob. Very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled. I didn't finish it.  The rice was good and the side veggies weren't bad. The spinach pie was ok. They will ask "would you like hummus to snack on before your meal". This is not free or included. I figured this so I wasn't caught off guard. Some people I could see will be surprised at the end when they get the bill. My wife got the lamb kabob. Bland again and very chewy. It didn't taste fresh, almost frozen at one point and microwaved. The cheese pie was pretty bad.Hummus was ok. 2 stars for the food3 stars for service1 star for the experience with yelling and fishing for customers. Seems like they may be in trouble financially and could be cutting corners to stay afloat. I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing, I recommend them over Christo's every day.
5	Every time I going to Pittsburgh, whether it's for show or sporting event, stop a Christos for dinner. It's a small family-owned restaurant all the food is homemade and everything I've tried has been delicious. They also have a dessert called the Jackie O cake which is simply fantastic. I would highly recommend this restaurant box if you like Mediterranean food. The staff is friendly warm inviting as well.
1	WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.My family was visiting my sister in Pittsburgh and we had our eyes set on a specific restaurant, not Christos. A gentleman, I presume the owner of Christos, saw my family and I as we walked down the street. He flashed us his menu, pitching to us why his restaurant was the best and why his food was the best. I could barely tell if he was selling food or used cars. I kindly told him we were not interested. My family, however, was indecisive when it came to getting a restaurant. We ending up wanting to go eat at the restaurant next door to Christos so we backtracked. Again the owner flashed us his menu, sensing our touristy indecision. I again declined and pointed to the restaurant I was heading to. He then ignored me and pan-handled to my two sisters, mother and wife. They gave in to my dismay. As they said "sure..." I looked inside the restaurant of Christos at peak dinner hours.  No one was inside.  Absolutely no one. As my family walked in and I rolled my eyes, I thought, well let's give them a chance...my whole family seemed to feel bad for the guy and I like Greek food.As we got in, it seemed nothing was going on. We had just came back from kayaking so we needed to wash our hands. They didn't seem to have a restroom but they took my sisters and mother through the kitchen and downstairs to find one. The silence was broken when they finally put music on and suddenly a couple of kitchen helpers came out and looked like they were warming some of the kitchen equipment up.  Were we their only customers tonight? I bet we were. Before I could settle in, he casually asked if I liked pita and hummus. Obviously I said yes. He was asking me so casually when I didn't even have a menu, I assumed it was complimentary when he said he would get me some, but as I waited I found his restaurant on Yelp with my phone and the first review gave them one star and mentioned how the owner didn't tell him the pita was extra.  Great. The rest of my family later came back from the restroom (akin to going to a restroom at a grocery store where you're around stock items...except you need to go through their kitchen). They started with salad. The waiter asked if I wanted anchovies or something else on my salad. I was going to say "sure" but my wife stopped me and said it could be extra. The waiter, looking like he got caught, verified he was offering all extras to me even though earlier the owner said salads came with dinner. I had to say,"I just want the standard salad, nothing extra." I couldn't let my guard down.We ordered some food, priced about what you'd expect.  The pita and hummus I ordered earlier was just barely average so I don't know why they thought it was worth $4. My sister ordered "leg of lamb" so I expected to see a leg of a lamb. Instead when her plate came out, it looked like sad slices of ham. Really. We all got vegetables but they were soggy and unappetizing. I saw them earlier in the kitchen sitting in a big pot when I had used the restroom. Nothing here is fresh. My lamb was on the chewy side. My sister's "leg of lamb" was left uneaten and she asked if I wanted some. I "tried" to eat it but it was too chewy. They then asked for dessert. I wanted to say no out of my discontent but again my family members all said yes, even when they were telling me the food was not great.  I don't have their sense of pity. The desert and salad were the best things of the night, which was kind of sad. When we got the receipt and my wife insisted we check it.  Surprise. They overcharged us $7 from two mysterious items. Their receipt doesn't even list what you ordered. I went up the the cashier to ask them what the two items were. He tried to explain one but he really couldn't. He scratched out the $3 item. I then questioned the $4 charge. Again he tried to explain it but he really couldn't. Again he agreed with me and scratched out the $4.  On top of all this we still gave them a normal tip out of pity. I could tell the waiters were just following orders. I could tell the owner had trained them what to say and how to make extra money.You've been warned. There's a reason why this place is doing so poorly.  There's a reason why the whole hour between 7:30pm and 8:30pm we were the only ones in the restaurant. There's a reason why the owner is begging customer to come in. They're cutting corners on customer service and food quality in exchange for salesman tactics, overcharging and tricking you to buy things you don't even know is extra. DO NOT GO HERE.Owners like this will say,"But I have to or else I won't make it." You know what? Restaurants like yours shouldn't make it. Not to be harsh but it was a poor experience. Change your food, your sales tactics and your fake receipt items strategy. Maybe a long time ago when they started they were real but now they are doing every dirty trick in the book to nickel and dime you.  WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	This place is something STRAIGHT out of a David Lynch film. It felt like I was transported to some sort of alternate reality with the help of a smiling, and overbearing greek man outside a restaurant door preying on the weak and indecisive. Something in the air of this place comes off as so fundamentally strange, and almost, discomforting and nightmare-like. You are going to feel uneasy, is what I'm trying to say. - They overcharged us, probably intentionally. They don't have itemized receipts. - The waiter kept giving us options as if they were... free options that you're supposed to choose. We caught on when we specifically asked if they cost extra.- The elusive bathroom felt like we were descending down the staircase to hell. Better than nothing, I suppose.- The food.... oh my god. None of our food was good. In fact most of it was outright gross/uneatable. The hummus was decent, but... I can also get decent hummus at Trader Joe's. We initially felt bad for these guys. A struggling business is always sad to see. But with all of the strange behavior, attempts to scam us, etc. that sympathy turned into a sense of understanding as to why this place isn't doing so well. If the owners are reading this-- I'm sorry if my review came off harsh.. but really, please, rethink the way you are going about your business. I don't want you to fail, I want you to overcome this. Do it the right way, not the scummy way. I know you're trying, but try differently.
5	I come here every time I'm in Pittsburgh and always have a great time so I'm kind of confused as to why others say otherwise. The ambience is really nice-- it has an intimate, yet warm, homey feel to it, which is good if you want to go for a date or with your family. It is decorated with authentic old Greek photos which always make me feel at home (although I'm from Sicily!) The food is great every time I go there and SOO filling --I feel like I'm at home and my grandmother is stuffing me with food! I don't have to even mention the Jackie O as everyone is probably aware by now of how scrumdiddlyumptious it is! Will be in Pittsburgh soon so you'll know where to find me -- Christos!
