4	This is one of my favorite places to just hang out, have a drink and watch the game, or gamble.  It is officially licensed as a casino, so they do serve food along with allowing smoking.  The ventilation is pretty good at this location, so its not too smoggy in there.  The swing shift bartenders are awesome (Alyssa & Ben), and seem to never forget a name or face - or drink for that matter.  There is a decent local following at this location, lots of the same faces, young and old, most of the time.They have a decent variety of beers on tap, which I appreciate, because I hate beers like Bud, Miller, etc.  Our favorite is the black velvet - Guinness floated on pear cider (some people call it a snakebite).   The menu is your standard bar food.  I love the chili cheese fries and the nachos.  Be wary of ordering any of the monthly food specials though.  I don't know who comes up with these weird combinations, but I've never had a good one.  Stick with the main menu.I've had better luck here with the poker machines here than any casino in town.  That's not to say that there haven't been days where I've lost my britches.  They have progressive machines, but watch where you sit if you want to play it, not all of the machines are on the progressive.  A few of the machines are triple play, but not many.   Their players reward program is decent.  If you're gonna play, make sure to sign up for it so you get the meal comps/discounts and cash rewards.  There are also three pool tables, which are often busy, and couches with big screen TV's.  The place is clean and maintained well.  The only problem with this location is the women's bathroom has some sort of ventilation problem that flares up at times (sewer stink) so I have to knock 1 star off for that.  But other than that, the best PT location in town, hands down.
4	Super Bowl 2011Ordered:Coors Light on tap- Ice cold and cheap!Party bucket of Buffalo wings (feeds 3)   PROS-* Good Food for cheap* Friendly staff* plenty of seating* happy hour*AYCE sliders, wings, pizza for super bowlCONS-* no happy hour during super bowl* overwhelming smell of cigarettes* no hand soap in bathroomTIPS-* Sharing is caring:  Take advantage of their awesome party buckets for wings.  You can order up to 3 different flavors.  I highly recommend trying the Garlic Parmesan flavor!!* I'm not lucky at gambling at all, but I was lucky here... 5/6 #s on keno* pool tables available behind bar* had wings then realized there was no more soap?  It's okay... ask for a lemon wedge and extra napkins.  It serves as a good substitute to clean off those fingers and kill the wing scent.Overall, this is a great place to enjoy the game.  There are enough tv screens in the place so there is no bad seat in the house.  The only thing that hindered a perfect score for me was the lack of the happy hour during the Super Bowl game.  Bummer!
5	I only started coming here because it's close to my parent's house, so I could walk to their house if I drank too much. That's never been the case, thankfully, but I still go there because it's a cool place. The food is pretty good and quick and cheap, the beers are cold and they come to you quick, and the bartenders are cool dudes. It's a really cool neighborhood spot where you have a drink or two with friends, but not a Strip-type establishment where everything is ostentatious and pricey.
5	They have a fireplace.
3	This is a very typical PT's location. When we walked in and were a little surprised by how bright it was for a bar. We were expecting it to be quite dark like the rest of the locations we have visited. We were meeting a group here for an evening of drinks and pool. The service was really great. I was quite impressed by how attentive our waitress was and how easily she was able to keep our rather large party happy. I was, however, completely turned off by how smoky and smelly this place is. I know it's a bar, so what do I expect, but I really wish they had some better non-smoking locations.Overall, exactly what you expect from a PT's.
5	I always come here after a shitty day at school to drink my life away.The environment is very nice, very typical neighborhood bar theme, and the drinks are cheap. There's the occasional asshat of a customer that always tries to talk to me, and I have to tell them to go hang themselves to get them away from me, but I don't really blame the bar for that. It is a bar afterall.Food is a little on the expensive side, depending on what you get. Particularly the chicken buckets, but it still tastes good. Bartenders are friendly, Teresa the waitress is hilarious, and overall the place is mostly empty. When I go in there anways.
1	Wow. I came here at 3 am because I was hungry. the bartender, Ricky, threw the menu at me, gave me the ultimatum when i ordered wings. The worst service i have ever seen! Not only that, I left him tip on the table, and he came by and made a sarcastic comment about it. He was lucky i even left him a tip! Seriously the worst PTs I have ever been to: and I am born and raised here. I should know.
4	Came here a few times for midnight happy hour. Pretty good deals and food is good too. Chill environment too. And Vince is the best bartender in Vegas, hands down. Super cool dude. I always make a stop here when I'm in town. Wish we had these places in Cali!
1	Cool people  server (Jen I think her name is is fucking awesome love her) except one late night bar tender tall and skinny dude (Rick I think) never came to a bar and got really drunk than over charged like twice my order not a fan of that shit who does that WTF seen bad yelps about him already should have trusted them
4	This is a nice little pub to go relax and even catch up on some sports if that's what you love to do. The people here are nice and they have 3 pool tables which is usually where I end up. They do get pretty darn busy sometimes so the wait can be a bit every now and then. Pretty clean bathroom for vomiting as well if you need to. All in all great place.
4	A fun place to just hang out with friends.  Great cheesy fries. They also have a great selection of chicken wing sauces.
5	Jen is the best bartender ever!! She is so sweet and so happy and can make the BEST drinks! Not to mention the machines are on fire here. If you are wanting some good company while you drink a delicious drink, then this is the absolute place to be!
2	Decent daily HH, but food quality was lower and prices higher than expected. Service was dismal at best. Convenient to my 'hood but can't see myself returning, not sure how they have so many locations unless this was out of the norm for them.One waitress for whole place, but only three tables. Still barely saw her and had a mistake on our order. It was fixed and she was polite but not particularly attentive. When not serving she was seated at the bar watching a screen and drinking from a mug, maybe she wasn't feeling well.Menu describes wings using the word "giant" but I found them quite small- one in the bucket was literally the size of my car key. Medium buffalo sauce was spot-on, regular and curly fries are both tasty. Standard bar fare, really.Website menu lists a November special of soup and sandwich, but those specials were nowhere to be seen on in-store materials. Luckily they still had it, because the potato soup is actually really, really good!
4	This is a really nice PT's! It's very large inside, and nicely decorated. The boneless wings here are a very good choice. I also like that they have tater tots as a side, that's not a common find.  There are also a lot of video poker machines at this location.
