5	When my rock climbing partner viciously kicked a bunch of pebbles and debris into my eye and blinded me out by the Pond @ Queen Creek, I went to work flushing it out with water for what seemed to be an hour. Even after all that, it felt like there was something still in my eye so I called and explained my situation and Jordan at the front desk gave me an appointment for the next day. But due to cancellations she called me back and told me there was an opening the same night so I grabbed at the opportunity.Turns out it was only a small abrasion on my cornea but it felt like it was a lot worse! Also got my eye exam done since I hadn't gotten it checked in over 5 years :ODr. McMullen was extremely nice, friendly and helpful. All the equipment is newer technology (as far as I know... the last time I had a eye exam they were still clicking things left and right). I would definitely recommend coming here for your eye care.
5	I just cried driving home from Salt River Eye Care. I haven't truly seen the beauty of the desert in years. The progressives and the sunglasses that Jordan helped me pick out are perfect. I recommend Salt River without reservation. Dr. McMullen is both professional and personable. I trust him implicitly. Jordan is a gem, and all the ladies in the office are like sunshine. I don't know why anyone would go elsewhere for eye care! (And they accepted my insurance.)
5	I had a fantastic experience at Salt River Eye Care on Pima today! I was anxious to use my 2013 optical insurance benefits before they expired, and I was so impressed by Dr. McMullen, his team, and his clinic, that I had to post a recommendation. Best part? He has a state-of-the-art piece of equipment that allowed him to photograph my retinas and show me what he was looking at WITHOUT having to dilate my eyes. (Check out Optos Dayona.) Fantastic! They said they're open next week for any other insurance/flex spend procrastinators out there. 480-278-7732.
5	Very easy 5 star rating. Can not find one negative or even neutral thing to say about this somewhat new optician/optical officeThe location on the NE corner of Via De Ventura and Pima is in a new medical building which also has an independent neighborhood pharmacy.   There are several diagnostic tests pre exam which all seem to be really state of the art. Dr. McMullen himself, seemed friendly and professional. He took his time answering ALL my questions and refined my current script. I was extremely pleased with the treatment I received on my visit. I have been going to a different guy for quite awhile but, was feeling rushed the last few visits. You won't have that feeling here. Highly recommend this office.
5	Truly caring doctor who is concerned about your personal needs, I find this hard to find now. Have no doubt in my mind that I would go anywhere else, great practice and amazing doctor!
5	Easily the best optometrist I've ever been to. Not only does the office have the latest technology, including an Optos Daytona 3D, but each and every person I encountered in the practice was incredibly helpful and pleasant. Dr. McMullen is friendly, knowledgeable, and took as much time as I needed without seeming the least bit rushed even though I was one of the last appointments of the day.
5	This is the second time I've seen Dr. McMullen, my first visit was January 2013. I am ashamed to say it took me over a year and a second trip to write this review! I am EXTREMELY near sighted, (-7.5) i cant even see my face to put on makeup in the morning. I have a very hard time wearing contacts, and for the two years before i visited Dr. McMullen I was wearing my coke bottles..errr, glasses, 85% of the time. Now I can happily say I've been back in my contact lenses for over a year. Dr. McMullen takes the time to help find a solution no matter how long it takes. He is also extremely personable and his office staff is very friendly as well. They do their best to accommodate your schedule and lifestyle, staying open a little later than most dr offices and even open on Saturdays!And, my new FAVORITE feature, he has a new machine that takes a photo of your eye so you don't even have to have your eyes dilated anymore! He is always up to date with the latest in technology to keep his patients healthy. But more importantly, i dont feel like im walking into an office that's over the top with gadgets and decor and charges to make up for it. It is very apparent patient health is the number one priority. There is also a pretty great selection of frames for a Doctors office--Ray Bans, Fendi, and some super cute sunglasses for reasonable prices. All in all, if you are looking for an Eye Doctor, Choose this one. And if you have insurance, call--they may take it! They are constantly adding new providers so they may not be listed on your insurances website yet. Sorry for the long review, but when you find a doctor you can trust you want to spread the word. :)
5	Wow.  Friendly office, really nice guy.   I'm don't with the big impersonal eye care groups, this team actually cares. I've recommended Dr. McMullen to friends and coworkers alike.  Give them a try.
5	When traveling, I needed to see an optometrist for acute care.  I called this office and was accommodated with an appointment promptly. Dr. McMullen was a participating provider for my Pennsylvania vision coverage.   GPS got me to the location easily and the office was professional in every aspect. The technology was impressive and everyone was proficient and friendly.  Since this first visit, I have obtained glasses and (gas permeable) contacts there.  My husband has visited for exam, progressive lenses and sunglasses.  We've made the visit a part of our vacation time in Phoenix annually.
5	Dr McMullen (and his staff) are very caring and patient. I'm nervous seeing an eye dr but they make it very comfortable. Plus he has all the latest technology so you're getting the best treatment available. Highly recommend!
5	I came in for my first appointment yesterday to inquire about contacts. Everything from the scheduling process to my eye exam to ultimately leaving with contacts in was easy and smooth. Dr. McMullen and his staff were helpful and I love the office!
5	After years of going to the most montonous, bland eye Dr (think Ben Stein in wonder years) I decided to give Dr Mcmullen a shot after a friend referred me and all I can say is WOW! This guy and his entire staff are awesome. Breanna, Amanda, and Michelle are the sweetest girls and totally on top of their game. Check in was quick and easy. Dr Mcmullen himself is awesome. Very personable and humorous, but let's not forget to mention knowledgeable about his craft. I have terrible eye sight and have been accustomed to wearing contacts that make it feel like hedgehogs are making love to my eyes, but the doc ordered me these amazing lightweight contacts that i barely feel. Not only did they improve my vision but my eyes breathe so much better now; thanks Doc! He has some really cool equipment and the office itself is beautiful and easy to find. I highly, highly, highly recommend this place to anyone who wants their providers to care about their health as much as they personally do. This guy will be my eye dr for life, he's stuck with me.
5	Everyone was extremely helpful with my first visit here.  The staff helped me immediately upon arriving and throughout both my initial visit and when I went back to pick up my glasses.  Dr. McMullen took his time with me and explained all the procedures and what options I had available.  I am very happy with my new glasses.  Highly recommend their services.
5	Dr. McMullen was the best eye doctor I could ask for.  He took the time to actually explain what was happening in the exam along with the results.  I highly suggest Dr. McMullen if you are looking for an eye doctor.  Nice guy who you can tell really knows what he's doing.  His other staff were very friendly as well.
5	Overall, this experience exceeded my expectations!  The front desk staff was friendly and had me review and sign the online paperwork I submitted prior to the appointment.  I was called back within 5 minutes of arriving.  Honestly, I was wowed by the array of diagnostic tests that were performed on state of the art equipment.  Each test was clearly explained to me so that I knew what to do and what to expect (like the puff of air in my eye). Within 5 minutes of completing testing, Dr. McMullen came in, discussed my concerns, did some additional evaluation and then explained all the results. He was very thorough and has a great bedside manner. I did not feel rushed and had plenty of opportunities to ask questions, all of which he answered in easy to understand language.I have not had an eye exam in many years because, until recently, I've had no complaints about my vision.  I will definitely continue to see Dr. McMullen and his wonderful staff as needed in the future.  Highly recommend them!!
