4	Gosh, I'm embarrassed to say I eat here. But Pei Wei, is a predictable, safe and tame alternative to figuring which Chinese take out places haven't violated any Maricopa County Health Dept. codes.  Amen on the more preferable wait vs. its monstrous cousin PF.  Personally, I dig the orange peel chicken and minced chicken lettuce wraps similar to the big cousin, but much prefer the more laid-back environs here.  Go Pei Wei.
2	This food is Americanized Chinese food-- not challenging, not different, and certainly not offensive to the American pallet. The food tends to be very salty (which Americans tend to like). It is dependable pedestrian food, the place is noisy, the parking lot crowded. There are better places to eat Chinese than any of the Pei Wei's in my opinion.
2	So disappointing.  I do not know what happened to this place... it has progressively gotten worse over time.  I ordered the Mongolian Beef with brown rice-- my very favorite and it didn't taste very good.  It was okay- but just not as good as usual.The 2 star is for my dish and the zero stars are for my fiance's soppy noodle mess called Chicken lo mein--- ewwwwwwwwww!  I think Ramen noodles tasted better and cost only 11 cents.  They were so mooshy that they barely could stay on the fork-- really gross.  They were tasteless.  We threw it out.  Pei Wei-- I miss the good times.
4	Really tasty, and a good variety on the menu. Food is served quickly and the place is always very clean. Love the crab cakes and spring rolls! I agree with the previous review about the parking lot, but you can't blame that on the restaurant really.
2	Hmmmmm..... Chinese? I think not. If you are expecting a great meal, go elsewhere. Pei Wei is a good not so fast version of fast food. It isn't fine dining, but it certainly serves a purpose. I'll always pick Pei Wei over a fast food burger, and how anyone can go to Panda Express when this is a couple blocks away is beyond me. Pei Wei is also a bit overpriced for what it is. For a long time before the airlines went insane over carry on, i used to bring a Pei Wei kids meal as my personal upgrade. It's small, well packed, and used to make the other passengers jealous. I don't go to Pei Wei so much anymore. Long lines and inadequate service keep me from venturing in their door on any whim. I will order ahead and pick up. They rarely get my order right, but whatever i get usually tastes pretty good. I just never go with the expectation that I will get my correct order.
1	Pei Wei is adding a new concept to their lineup - "Pei Wei Asian Market". The menu has removed all the soups and most of the noodle dishes. Portions have been reduced and sandwiches have been added to the menu. The good news - the decor and the layout are quite nice. The bad news - I just really don't get it. It is like Pei Wei with a few odd items and higher prices. The portions and prices have been reduced, but seems to be more expensive. Also, they have removed the kids menu.
1	The portions are too small, the plasticware just reminds me of Jack In The Box, the serving tray is right from a mall food court, and the menu selection is drastically reduced.  You can't really enjoy conversation or relax at lunch listening to the kitchen scream out order numbers to the customers.  The flavor mixing softdrink machine is fun, but gimmicky.  The food quality and flavor are the same for the most part, but you do leave wanting more...I won't be returning to this location.
2	OK,..I am the biggest Pei Wei fan you know,..I promise! But aside from the decor, PW Asian Market is a HUGE downgrade from PW Asian Diner.Negatives:-100% of food now served in boxes? What the? You can't wash a dish, or real utensils? - Portion sizes,..easily 1/2 of what they once were, price only slightly less. :-(- Call out your number to pick up your food? Really? Whose idea was that? Nothing says "hospitality" like getting your number yelled out at you and dashing to pick up your food and then dashing back to your table.- Asian Sandwiches? Again,.. where did line form asking for "Somebody please bring us Asian Sandwiches"? They lack taste and are served on "bread" the consistency and taste of cardboard, swing and a BIG miss!Positives:The surviving six dishes from the Diner model are still awesome,. just served in micro-portions, get two they're small!I want my old school Pei Wei back! PS - P. Fleming, did you think to ask any "customers" about your new ideas?Lost without my Pei Wei,....
4	Stopped for dinner. Lettuce Wraps are amazing.. Crab Ragoons could use some more cream cheese.. overall not a bad meal.
1	Notice the word "market" over the door, it is NOT a good thing. My family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served. The portions were smaller, the lettuce wraps tasted like burnt oil, the king pao chicken was mystery meat that included something pointy. This is decidedly NOT pei wei junior, it is much lower on the quality scale.
1	Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 06/02. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.
5	I was a little skeptical to go here because of reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered Mongolian beef, curry chicken and Szechuan green beans. It was all really good and reasonably priced!!  Loved the green beans!!
5	I found myself at Pei Wei TWICE in the last 10 days! I normally don't like going to eat much but I couldn't resist after hair their ginger broccoli chicken dish last week. This review isn't really about the food but I love that you can now order sauces on the side and add extra veggies. I wanted to give a shoutout to JayJay ( I'm not sure if that's his real name as I asked another employee and she said she didnt know his name but everyone calls him JayJay - super short hair and glasses). He was our cashier and super knowledgeable about the everything on the menu. My husband and I asked a lot of questions about sauces, the chicken wrap and so many others. He was super patient! And then we came in again tonight (Tuesday) and I didn't catch her name but she's brunette with a long pony tail and has a tattoo covering her right forearm. I asked her questions about my honey chicken and vegetables and how it was such a small amount compared to last time and she offered to bring more vegetables. What a way to make someone's dining experience even better. Thank you for being so friendly !
3	I've been eating Pei Wei for since 2002 when I worked there in college and have always been a fan, but a couple years back this location turned into a marketplace type setting, which really turned me off.  I think this was done for a lunch crowd and more appropriate vibe for lunch, but my take-away is smaller portions and higher prices.  Don't get me wrong, I still love Pei Wei, but I have to go to 44th and Indian School to get my fix since that location is true to the original concept from 2002.
3	I love Pei Wei, but I dislike this particular location. I went to eat dinner with my friend yesterday and the service was not very good. The guy at the register didn't seem to know what he was doing. He was trying to give me my change and was out of pennies. He asked his other two co-workers what he should do ad they didn't seem to know either. I told him don't worry about it because it seemed as if I would be standing there for ages waiting for pennies. We sat down and ate and when we were finished we both had leftovers. Usually at other locations, the employees come and check on you and give you a box. This was not the case here. We sat for almost an hour and no one ever came. We were fine just talking there anyways, but when we were ready to go I went and grabbed my own containers from the counter. The employees were just hanging out at the register talking to each other. Poor service. I won't be back to this location again.
4	Pei Wei is a good go-to dinner when we want something quick, easy and on the light side.  Love the online ordering for take out and eating there us pleasant too.  Love the spicy chicken salad and the iced tea is amazing.  I get both kinds and mix them. If you want vegetarian they jave really good firm soy they can add instead of meat.  Nice spices and some fiery dishes and cooling ones too.  A great meal where you know what tou are getting.
5	Either my favorite Pei Wei or just about close. Has a nice decor inside a little different then the red and black at most Pei Weis.  The manager knows us because we come in alot and always treats us right . And the Food is spot on every time !! Love this Pei Wei!
2	Had lunch at the Glendale location today. It had been quite a long time since I'd eaten at Pei Wei. It's not the same quality as it was when it opened. In the beginning...the food was barely second to that served at a PF Changs. It was quite good, easy to access and everything that accompanied the food was higher quality (drinks, napkins, fortune cookies, staff/bussers).I ordered a small chicken orange peel with brown rice ($6.49) and my BF ordered the large shrimp kung pao ($9.99) and we also ordered 2 side spring rolls $3.79. I believe the smaller portion option is new to Pei Wei as I'm sure they're trying to capture a larger market w/less expensive prices or portions. For lunch, the small is just fine for most, especially if you get an extra little side with it. BUT...HERE'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE SMALL AND ORIGINAL PORTION SIZE..YOU PAY MORE FOR ADD'L RICE WHEN YOU ORDER THE ORIGINAL, NOT ADD'L MEAT.Plate next to plate my BF had the same amount of meat (shrimp) in comparison to my (chicken)...his plate was larger and it had more than twice the amount of rice on my plate. So comparing apples to apples you pay $2 to $2.20 more for MORE rice, not necessarily more meat when you order an original vs a small depending on what kind of meat you order. So...Just wanted to give you the heads up when you consider ordering small or original.
1	Let me first start off with the fact that I literally just left this establishment. I always love take out from pei Wei so this has nothing to do with the food. It is all service. For one the building smelled like sewage which i understand can happen due to location but it took my appetite away. Second, I walked in and two young girls were standing at the counter. One was changing a roll of receipt paper a foot away from me and completely ignored me. Then turned her back to the line. The other girl was talking to a customer for about a minute  and the customer left. She then looks up at me, doesn't say a word, and proceeds to turn her back to me and text on her cell phone in plain sight for several minutes. This whole time, neither girl acknowledges me whatsoever but I am clearly standing at the counter waiting to be helped. A young man comes and asks the girls if I have been helped and without looking up the both respond no. He helps me and is friendly and fast so I am not completely furious. I still tipped the staff because I work in the industry, but I will never return to this location if this is how they are trained and managed.
4	I was just here with my wife yesterday. I got the honey seared chicken and my wife got the sesame chicken both where very good in good size portions, however the customer services was not the best.
