5	Best PT's I've been to in town!Like the other PT's, this location serves up the same drinks and food as the other bars. Happy hour, pizza, and pretty decent draft selection all like the other spots. However, what sets this place apart is the tavern itself.This place used to be a Roadrunner but recently got bought out. As a result, this place is unlike any other other PT's in town. The tavern is HUGE, nice large patio with fire pits as you enter in, plenty of dinning and bar space and a bowling alley! The bowling alley is nice feature unique to this location, I call it Flintstones bowling as you use a small bowling ball to knock down pins attached to ropes. There are 2 lanes and it adds a nice touch to the place. There is a nice western feel to this PT's, alot of cow hides and cowboy decor around the place.This probably the cleanest PT's in town, no dirty carpet or cigarette stench. Food/drink wise its the same as the other bars, so if your on the south side, this the PT's you need czech out.
2	Here is your standard Vegas chain bar with the table top gambling and the generic beer on tap. They play great music, have comfortable chairs and booths if the bar isn't your place and it's clean.A friend and I met there for a beer and my friend went to the bar and ordered. Instead of being given a choice of beer sizes they filled up the biggest glass they had and put it down before we could object. It would have been nice to have a choice, but not that big of a thing since we didn't mind. There is also very little service if you don't sit at the bar. We got checked on once in the hour and a half we were there. I guess with that huge beer they figured we wouldn't need anything for awhile.The really, really negative is that the bathrooms are total rest stop quality. They are filthy, (classy) people have written all over the walls, toilet paper and paper towels everywhere. It's just gross. I would highly recommend you avoid those if you go here. It's not someplace I would go back to again, but I can see the appeal. I think.
5	Spencer is the best!! He knows exactly what I want when I walk in the door. I always bring new people to the bar and treats them like they've been coming in forever. Foods great, drinks are great and so is the staff :) the PTs on Maryland is the spot to be
3	Had two bad experiences here with waitresses taking way too long with my drinks. The last visit I counted 38 minutes before I decided to grab the check at the bar. Seating is great and there's a lot of space for an event but if you want your drinks order at the bar. Seems like they're focusing on their food menu more than anything else. 3 stars only because before all the advertising this was an awesome hangout where the drinks were coming. No one should be left thirsty. No one!
5	Stopped in for a quick beer since my brother's plane was delayed an hour . . . and was pleasantly surprised . . . even though I was an out-of-towner, and everyone there appeared to just have gotten off work . . . I was treated like a local.  The bartender was attentive and kept track of my needs . . . even taking time to strike up a conversation.The beer was super cold . . . super big . . . and cheap.  Good thing I had to go and get my brother . . . otherwise this could have been a really bad night . . . because those beers were going down way to easy.Definitely on my shall return list . . . just that . . . next time I will spend a little more time here.
4	A friend and I like to stop in here after work. I love the ridiculous decor with the high back bright colored chairs amongst the longhorns and fake cow hide booths. The food is the same as most other PT'S I've been to. I usually get the boneless bucket with twister fries. The bourbon flavor is my go to however I sometimes change it up with Asian bbq or maple hot. I also recommend the bikini wrap if you're looking for a lighter fare.  This place has a beautiful outdoor patio with a fire pit. I'd give it another star but some ares seem a little run down. The one time I asked for cheese sauce with my fries, it seemed as though it was from the bottom of the can and had been sitting all day. Other than those minor things, this is always a go to after work. Proximity to 215 doesn't hurt either! :)
4	Great happy hour and pizza!  The waiter said they couldn't give me a tall glass for my drink and didn't bring water until I asked even though I said I wanted a tall glass so I don't get drunk, but we enjoyed it here!
3	Go here.
1	Hey! Pts management your bartender is so slooooooooooooow and too busy smoking ciggies to serve her guests... Sucks because y'all have good beer, good food and I live right down the road.
1	Serious Customer Service needs to be implemented!! Please PT's Management get in here and make some needed changes . One word that describes the bartenders  laxidasical. I want this place to work I live right down the street. Great entertainment last night with Chris Heers. Which is the only reason  I tried it again. So disappointed in the service from the bartenders...Just a suggestion teacher your bartenders how to smile and greet the guest. I'm giving one star for the cold beer.
3	Food was good, had the burger and tots, wife had the cajun chicken sandwich with fries.  The service was marginal, having to ask for refills on tea and having to get the attention of the server to ask her for our check.   I go to a lot of PT pubs and this one is probably the worst service pub in the valley.
4	My coworkers and I come here at least once a week. The service is usually pretty good but the atmosphere is what keeps us coming back!
1	This place is horrible, ever since Elliot left this is a bad place. The manager upcharges you to pay for her friends. She isn't a bar tender at all. Nothing to look at and bad service. Horrible
2	Ok so I usually like PT's but here it goes, I was there for breakfast and was the only one there, I waited for the waitress only to see here over by the bar talking to the bartender, both of whom were smoking, really? Anyhow after my food got there it was not as good as the Sierra Gold on Jones (owned by the same people). But still half off breakfast before 10AM so I am not really complaining, but I kinda am.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	This is a nice PT's. It's got a long bar with TVs and gaming. Bartenders are generally attentive enough. Seating it somewhat limited though as the removed their dining area to make room for two billiard tables. So there's some big chairs and small tables in the bar area, along with a couple of small booths. But that's about it. There is a party room. And there's also some seating outside on the patio when the weather is nice. This is definitely one of the larger PT's locations. The servers are total hit or miss. Sometimes their great and totally attentive. Other times, you have to flag them down every time and there's lots of errors. This is probably my fav PT's to eat at. I love their Southwestern BLT and sweet potato fries. Hint: Get a side of honey mustard to dip the fries in. Overall, this is my 2nd fav PT's around town.
2	Dear Manager:  why are you ALWAYS understaffed?  I've been here 4x in the last month and each and every time it has been severely understaffed. And I mean on Weekends during football  games!!!  Today there are 40 customers  here ( I counted)  - yet only one food server  and two bartenders. Yesterday, Saturday, there was only the bartender to take care of everything.  .. Food/bar/bussing.  !!   It's complete nonsense. Food is average- typical PTs. And the one server today is great ( thank God) .. But I have to give it 2 stars for poor management.  Beautiful building +comfy chairs= 2 stars.
2	Not sure if it's just this particular location but it was just okay. We came in around 3:30 so the bar definitely wasn't too busy. We sat there a bit before anyone came over to take our drink order. Once we got our first drinks, we didn't see the waitress again. Someone else ended up coming over to ask us if we wanted another round much later and only after she probably saw us looking around for someone. The drinks were pretty weak (at least what I had -- malibu bay breeze); even after 2 I was still completely sober. Oh yeah, and the second drink wasn't even what I ordered so for all I know, it was only cranberry juice, no alcohol. I wasn't really feeling this place so didn't complain; just drank it and left. Also, I found it odd that none of the staff asked if we wanted to order food... We weren't really planning to but I would have liked an appetizer or something. I kept expecting to get a menu and one never came. Not sure if it's just an off day for the staff or if it's always like this. Maybe it's better at night? *shrug*
3	Music selection is terrible! Servers and bartenders are nice. Always kind of slow so not a very good atmosphere.
2	What the hell happened to this place?  They are in serious need of new management.  If that chick wandering around in the Bronco's jersey is the manager she needs to be fired.  I gather she was by the way she was roaming the table area - not that she introduced herself, or asked if we needed anything - but she found plenty of time to hang around the bar fondling the hairline of some guy.I ordered the pretzel appetizer and they were clearly old - they had those weird "wrinkles" on them that tells you they have been sitting around, or were heated/reheated before they were served to me.  Then I ordered a plain burger - I got a burger with everything but the sauce because "that's plain" according to our waitress.  No, plain is meat/bun; its pretty fucking simple really - and if you weren't sure what I meant you should have asked.   I pushed the untouched burger to the end of the table and saw her walk by and look at it on her way to deliver drinks to another table.  I'm not an asshole - I'll wait till she delivers the drinks to talk to her - but then on her way back she refused to look at our table - even when I called "MISS!" really loudly (since she didn't bother to tell us her name).My friend asked for a glass of water when we sat down - 2 hours later she never received it.  I asked for a glass of water after my meal was corrected and Waitress of the Year took my Sprite glass and filled it with water - while there was still Sprite in it.  Nothing I love more than a sticky glass of watersprite. I used to like to go here after catching a movie at Colonnade but looks like I'm going to have to go someplace else or pick a different theater.Step up your game PT's.
