5	Delicious bagels, great variety of bagels and spreads, reasonable prices.
2	The coffee is terrible, the bagels are nothing special, and the service is beyond slow. Maybe I'm just too used to pulling up to a Dunkin Donuts back east and watching them blow through a line of 10 people like nothing, but what was supposed to be a quick breakfast run before hitting the strip turned into a lesson about how in Vegas you need to wait in line for -everything-.
1	Expensive and terrible food. The cinnamon bun was way too dry and way too sweet. The scrambled eggs were very dense even for powdered eggs, which is what they were. Coffee was worse than Starbucks, which is saying a lot. Okay, on second thought, maybe it wasn't worse than Starbucks, but pretty darn close. Never again.
1	Bad coffee. The only plus is convenience, if you stayed at the hotel. I'd rather walk to the mc donalds
2	I came here at 7am to get breakfast. It's freshly made, but that means a 10 min wait for a egg, cheese and ham toasted breakfast bagel?! I almost finished my coffee by the time the order was ready. This was only 3 customers ahead of me. Imagine what this place would be like at lunchtime?The service is pretty stern for this hour of the morning, except one lady who made an effort to greet people with a smile and send them on their way. But the lady who handles the order and delivery to customers is fierce!
1	Not worth the wait. Better places nearby if your willing to walk. I recommend going elsewhere
4	We needed a quick breakfast before checking out of Circus Circus so I ran down to Barista Bagels. OK, the line was fairly long and it didn't help much that the guy in front of me had a list as he was ordering for about a half-dozen other people. I can't blame the establishment for that.So -- Barista has a pretty good selection, from muffins to Danish to fruit cups, but their main claim to fame is, as the name implies, bagels. You can get a BLT or a club, tuna salad, beef and cheddar, etc. The breakfast bagel has egg and cheese and a choice of bacon, ham or sausage. I opted for the sausage patty. Drinks? Well, regular soft drinks, coffee, cappuccino, latte' or cafe' au lait. And I snagged a nice big pecan roll to go with the sandwich. Pretty good stuff if you don't have time (or the room!) for a big breakfast and you want something better than an Egg McMuffin.
