3	They serve lunch out of this food truck every day at lunch.  Lots of Pitt students, staff, and faculty stop by here to grab some food around lunch time.  Entrees are: small-$4, medium - $4.50, large $5.50Beverages are $0.50 for both soda and water.  They usually have pad thai noodles, teriyake chicken, pineapple tofu curry, chopped chicken basil, etc... There are usually a few specials posted on the window as well. The Pad Thai is a little greasy and you can tell it has been sitting there for a while.  The food is not particularly good, but it's a pretty good deal for the price.
3	I ordered pad thai with tofu. The tofu was packed with flavor - a very pleasant surprise. Too bad the rest of the dish was quite bland and flavorless. The pad thai noodles were mushy and everything was just...there. It's a good thing they offer chopped peanuts, siracha, and other accoutrement to jazz up the dish.Prices, portions and convenience are superb but quality just isn't up to par.
2	So I decided to check out this food truck today because I love food trucks and I must say I was not impressed.Firstly none of the food was cooked in front of me, the two Indian trucks next to it cook the food fresh. The guy inside took some noodles with vegetables and then threw some tofu on top. The tofu was very rubbery. The noodles were cooked well and the vegetables were okay. The problem was that there was no flavor, I had to add a lot of hot sauce in order to taste anything.If there's one good thing it was the amount of tofu, it definitely was a decent amount. Quick warning the tofu looks like chicken so dont be alarmed when you see it.
3	I work a block away from the food trucks on Bigelow, and I frequent there for lunch. I have to be up front and say that this truck in particular gets a bad rep from my coworkers, but I happen to really like it. I generally get the pineapple tofu and rice, which runs 4.50 for small (which is actually a more-than-fair helping) - add a $.50 soda and you have an enjoyable and tasty $5 lunch. The one drawback that gets a lot of flak from friends is that the food is precooked and simply heated until you get there (unlike a couple other trucks located on either side). Maybe I'm not picky about lunch food, but guys, these are food trucks. It's fast. It's easy. It's cheap. And those are pretty important things to me during weekdays.
