5	Went to Montreal for the weekend and when I checked into my hotel, they said my pup was allowed there but not in the room by himself! Of course I had to hurry to find a place to leave him the next day so I could explore the city and I came upon DoggyDay. Eve was very nice on the phone and met me at a park the next morning for my pup to meet the ones he would be spending the day with. She took him and other pups up to the woods to play in the snow for a while and posted pictures on Facebook for me to be able to see which I loved. When I went to pick him up it was obvious by his mannerisms that he loved her and had a great time. If I'm back in Montreal with him I will definitely use their services again and highly recommend them!
5	We couldn't be happier with our experiences with Eve and DoggyDay Pet Services. Eve has looked after our dog on two occasions over the last year, both for a period of around 2 weeks. She is a natural with dogs and knows exactly what their needs are. Whilst we were away DoggyDay was in contact every few days and sent photos of our dog at home and on walks. Very reassuring! I cannot recommend her services enough, and I'm sure neither can our dog! Thank you.
5	I am the proud owner of Colline, an adorable 7-year old King Charles Spaniel. I looked for pet-boarding companies in Montreal and was pretty surprised to see that most of them lock dogs in cages. They sometimes refer to their services as "luxury hotels" or "spas" but they look like fancy cages to me..Maybe some independent dogs are fine being locked up in a cage and being walked a couple of times a day. But Colline is a sensitive and social dog that goes along with everyone, humans and pets. She is a furry ball of love and is one of the best things that happened in my life. Me going out of town should not be a punishment for her. I would rather this to be a holiday for her, or an opportunity to experience new things. I have to say that this is exactly what I found in DoggyDay. I met with Eve in person a couple of days prior to my trip so that she could assess if she could take care of my dog or not. I found her to be very professional and very experienced with dogs. She seemed to have a great connection with the dogs she was taking care of, which was an important criterion for me. It was important to me that my dog would have some affective attention while I was away. During my trip, Eve sent me updates and posted pictures of Colline having the time of her life. It really made me feel very good that Colline was having a good time while I was away. I will definitely board Colline with Eve in the future :-)
