5	If you're looking for great tacos, tortas and burritos just like the kind you'd find on the streets of Mexico then this is the place.  The torta de asada is my favorite.  A Torta is a sandwich made with the meat of your choice.....beans, pickled jalapenos, cheese, tomato, lettuce and buttered bread.  The burritos are also yummy.  In the burrito you get meat, onion and cilantro, the beans and rice come on the side......and the red salsa is so good.I normally go there for lunch but I'm sure the food is great at any time of the day.
5	I can't believe this gem has no reviews.  I stopped by America's Taco Shop the other night expecting something similar to what I get at El Rinconcito.  No comparison whatsoever.  The carne asada tacos here are far superior and much for sizeable.  Sure the place isn't nearly as fancy, but the food is excellent.  The owners are friendly but you will likely need to brush up on your Spanish before you go.  I love this place.
5	The epitome of "hole in the Wall" as most of us say it, "El Rincocito", takes the corner as its name means, of a tiny strip mall that shares a parking lot of a condo complex. This strip mall consists of a small convenient store, a laundromat and the taco shop. When you look at the outside of the taco shop, a plain white building with a simple blue sign, It doesn't seem like much. It's a small spot that fits the kitchen that practically opens up to a single picnic bench inside. Outside are a couple more picnic tables and a makeshift condiment table. The menu is simple, but has the spanish to english translation of it's items. They have tacos, burritos, tortas and soups. I decided on 2 carne asada tacos. They have two sizes, small and large. I get the small. When they come out the meat is sizzling and you can smell the corn tortilla. The sizzling morsels of meat look delicious and are mounds on my plate on top of the four corn tortillas. They give you a plate of cilantro, onions, radish and some limes all freshly cut and smell amazing! I take one of the corn tortillas put some meat on it. I start to layer the cilantro, onions, and radish and the colors of the layers look beautiful. I squeeze a bit of lime to top it off. Now for the bite! All the flavors send my mouth on a trip! It's so fresh, refreshing, and tatses great! Definitely the closest to a taco shop in mexico I have ever had! The two small carne asada tacos actually had enough for four. they give you a good amount of meat that is enough for the four corn tortillas they also give you. The same goes for the large tacos.The price to portion ratio is really good. Also, they have two types of salsa, red and green. Unfortunately my stomach can't handle spicy foods and I didn't wanna ruin my story so I waited to put it in the end :) The service is great and usually it's the same 2 cooks.They do speak broken english, but definitely try to use what little they know. They have a tip jar so be sure to tip them!
4	Ambiance - BASIC!  FOOD - Phenomenal!  The amount of Carne Asada in the small and large taco versions was enormous - price was VERY reasonable - the size and quality of the corn quesadillas   (I had the mushroom and added Carne Asada - and tons of the cilantro, onion, lime juice, and some of the red and green salsas all brought to the table in large quantity.  The Horchata was great - light on the sugar - with plenty of taste.  Anna our waitress provided great service and was very patient with a lot of questions - ready to go bk again....
3	El Rinconcito defines lowbrow dining.  Honestly, your average diner would probably walk in and then turn around and head back out the door.  This is no frills slumming.Flies were buzzing all around but I opted to man up and brave the pests.  Some tables and a mess of chairs awaited me in an old run down structure.  I ordered a grande asada taco and pambazo.  To my dismay there was no pork available so many menu items were not possible to order.  The food was good.  I didn't care for the pambazo but I had never tried it (or heard of it for that matter) and wanted to try something new.  It's a mix of chorizo and potato with cheese and lettuce served on a sandwich soaked in a red chili sauce (be advised this is very messy).  Win some, lose some with new experiences.  The taco was excellent and rivals that offered by Tacos Atoyac.  They served it with a side of red and green salsas.  Amazing salsa!  This isn't your average weak salsa.  It has a great kick.The major downside here was the service.  Not attentive and I grew frustrated waiting on my check.  My plates had been cleared away, I had an empty Coke bottle and four different employees kept walking past, saying nothing to me.  I even told my waitress that I was finished.  With no plans for the evening I decided to wait and see how long it would take.  After 20 minutes I just got up and asked for the check.  Being my first visit I cannot say if this is normal here.  While annoying I'd give them another shot as the food was very good.I'd say it's well worth a visit if your crave cheap and tasty Mexican eats.  Just be warned that service might leave some to be desired and the place itself is a dump.  Personally, the latter does not bother me but might be for others.  It has "character" as they say.
2	Another of Phoenix New Times Ten Best Tacos in Phoenix.A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT!  Another bare bones establishment that I approached with great expectations. Ordered the recommended Suadero Tacos and they came served in soggy tortillas (unforgiveable to my mind) to begin this less than fabulous experience. Very little taste to the Tacos so I found myself pouring on the hot sauce.Will NOT return!
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Norm R.  I had a Carne Asada Torta ($6.00) & a small Carnitas soft taco ($1.25).  The food was quite good & the prices ok but the restaurant itself & the service were weird.  I felt that for this type of place, it was no match at all for Tacos Atoyac.     :-|(Cash only.)
3	Though this place truly looks like a dive, I had high expectations - for the food, at least - because of a glowing review I read in one of the local journals. The place looks a tad decrepit and while the tables look clean, their surfaces did have a bit of a sticky feel to them. On one occasion I had the huaracha recommended by the review I read. It was a generous portion of food and it tasted good, though it was a bit on the dry side. On a second visit, this time with my friend Rand R., I ordered a variety of street tacos - al pastor, carne asada, carnitas, and chorizo. They were very good, especially when you add the salsa offered on the side. The horchata I ordered with the tacos was good and was the perfect  accompaniment fo the tacos. In all, my dining experiences here were A-OK, though I'd rather go to Tacos Atoyac for similarly-priced  but higher-quality food ... and tables with a cleaner feel.
4	Damned good tortas, quesadillas, and tacos.  Not much to look at, but the food makes it worthwhile.
5	This place is unbeatable if you are looking for the BEST street tacos in Phoenix plus amazing quesadillas, tostadas, huaraches and sopas and you aren't concerned with ambiance (the restaurant is comfortable but very basic). Everything is hot, fresh and delicious and they don't skip on the extras. We have eaten there a couple of times recently and, along with our meal, they brought fresh chips and salsa (decious but hot- not for the mild salsa lover), a plate of limes, fresh cilantro, cucumbers and radishes plus another plate with grilled chilis and cactus paddles. Highly recommended!
5	You look at this place from the outside and you wouldn't think much of it, much at all.  Actually, your subconsciousness would probably just have you look past it and not notice it at all.  But like my buddy's friend told him one day, look for the place that looks sort of run down with a lot of cars in front, they typically have the best food.  Following that advice, looking for food, we pulled a U-turn, went back and parked.We were going to get take out until we heard the chips and salsa were free.  Budgeting and maximizing caloric intake, you know how that goes.  Place was hotter than all can be (the 2 a/c window units couldn't keep up), but we shrugged it off like the manly men we were and parked our arse.  The waitress was really friendly and helpful in explaining all the stuff they make, and the best part about it is that it's made fresh - chips, salsa, guac, etc.  This place is the real deal when it comes to mexican food.  It just goes to show you how most all places bend and give in, abandoning their tradition, just to meet the "needs" of the American people.  Or shall I call it ignorance?
5	I found this place just by driving to my new job and feeling adventurous! I have tried a new thing each time. The green sauce is VERY spicy and I LOVE it! It is worth a drive to the Sunnyslope area! :)
5	It is always difficult to find a legitimate Mexican food place. I've been to various places, and they have all let me down. There was another restaurant, 'Los Reyes De La Torta', that came close, but this is by far the most authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten (in the States).The tacos are good. Really good. My absolute favorite, and most often messed up at other establishments, are the cabeza tacos. They really stand out. If you're like tortas, their Cubana is really good too.Couple that with cheap fold up tables and a nearby Laundromat and you'd swear you're in Mexico (it sure felt that way for me). You can take the experience a step further by drinking from the glass bottle sodas that they have.I will definitely be back!
5	My husband and I are absolute foodies, and this place is AWESOME!!  The seasoning is amazing!  My favorite thing on the menu is the Tinga Quesadilla, which is like spicy chicken.  It could get a bit crowded in there but its well worth it!
