3	Had the fish tacos.  Corn tortillas were nice and moist/fresh, not rubbery. Fish was just okay. Didn't really like the small chunks of fish. I give it 3 stars because the sauce was terrible. It was kinda like salad dressing.  Tacos were drenched in it and it killed the whole meal...lose the sauce.
3	A fairly new addition to Scottsdale Fashion Square, Blue Burrito has seemed to have reinvented itself before. Whereas before, you could order items like salads, enchiladas and tacos off the menu, BBG now has a Chipotle-like setup that lets you pick burrito, bowl, salad or tacos and choose your ingredients. Much better than what they had before because before they had a tendency to mess up my order. If you're lucky, the salsa will be good on the day you visit. Some times it's watery and upsetting. Other times, it's thick and flavorful.I'm told the rice & beans and both vegetarian, unlike many local Mexican joints, so that's a big plus. You can add things like corn, cabbage, peppers and guacamole to your item of choice if you like, too. Although, the guac could be kicked up a notch w/ some cilantro and lime juice.In the future, I'd like to see a vegetarian "meat" option but I'm not going to hold my breath. It's easy for a place like BBG to add grilled eggplant, or tofu, or strips of grilled portabello mushroom or mock meat at very little cost to the business. The additional costs could be passed on to the consumer, in so gaining the heart of the vegetarian community, expanding their customer base, and giving vegetarians a heartier, more satisfying burrito.And I think that about wraps it up.
3	A good mall burrito.  Would return if hanging at the mall and needed something quick.
3	Blue Burrito is the little place that tries hard.Go back, say ten years, and this store would be a very hot item.  That's before Chipotle started their global conquest. But we cannot go back in time. Well, at least not yet.  Blue Burrito makes your burrito along a assembly line process.  You choose how you want it -- burrito, bowl or salad.  Sound familiar?  Then you choose which meats or fish options you want.  Finally, you add your veggie fix-ins.  And, poof!  You're on your way.Okay, I need to back up.  The meats and fish are basic, though good. The tortilla comes in either  flour or wheat.  Most recently I tried the wheat and found it tasty.  The veggies they offer, come in only a small quantity and appear to be reasonably fresh. Surprisingly, I've found their Veggie Burrito the best and more interesting than either the meat/fish option.  It had a lot of flavor and they didn't up-charge $2.00 for the Guacamole!  LOL  I've never understood Chipotle on doing this, since avocados are normally two for a buck.  So, go to the Blue Burrito. It's what Yelp'er Matt D said, a: "good mall burrito".
2	Ummm, can I have a little Mexican food with my salt? Holy crap! This food is over salted and waaaaaay over seasoned. I went here and ordered a veggie bowl thingy and I did not like it at all. The peppers and onions (fajitas) were way over cooked and tasted like they were sitting there all day. The guac was bland and over salted, and the lettuce wasn't crunchy. The food was luke warm and really not impressive at all. I will say, their chips are really good. Maybe get nachos or something?
3	typical mall faire, but not bad. Their food is on the spicer side which gave me heartburn. Probably will saving my Mexican cravings for some place else.
