4	The big shock to me is how this went from being a place you had to hunt down (Unless you were near their primo Tempe location) to being the neighborhood record store.  And as much as I love that they've always had a wide variety of music, it's kinda funny that they have become so common my mom went there recently to pick up some Faith Hill/Celine Dion type stuff and not only did they have it - she thought nothing of it and either did they.  In my day, they might have had it, and they would have sold it to her, but not without a comment and maybe a laugh from the staff.  Now days this is the only music store in or around the general mall (just 5 min away) area so I'm guessing they are seeing more and more of that.Their used selection isn't as good as it used to be at any location, but I feel like this location seems to be even worse in that department.  Suburb slump? Digital revolution?  Who knows... Still have to give them props for their big selection of new stuff, and their good selection of extras, from stickers to earrings to t-shirts.
4	Good for Phoenix, home of the nearly non-existent music scene (but improving), but also not the best Zia location around.This one is right next to the Dubliner, one of my favorite Irish pubs ever, so it scores extra brownie points for that. The store itself is ok, though they do carry some sweet posters and hard to find used stuff if you catch them on the right day. None of it is going to approach Amoeba standards of badassness, but, hey, I live in Phoenix. I accepted that a long time ago.
2	Zia never seems to have what I am looking for.They do have a large selection of new and used, cassettes and videos and DVDs. But I am almost always disappointed when I go there, not being able to find what I went there for.You can sell CDs and movies there, too. But there is such a large volume of used and so many people doing it that there is usually a long wait and the pretentious staff is pretty picky.It is worth a look, though, browsing through the large amount of used CDs and movies, sometimes there is a deal too good to pass up.
4	There are about 3 different businesses out there in the valley which provide access of both common and obscure used & new vinyl/CD's/DVD's to even the most selective of fans.  Zia Records is third on my own list of the best within the Western US.  Since this is a review strictly about Zia I will leave the names of the other shops out.The first time I entered Zia (the Tempe location) I came across a CD that I had been looking for since I was but a wee introvert teen who hadn't yet sprouted and sometimes hinted with the scent of urine in my jeans.The CD was used but in like-new condition, and priced at only $7.99.  (I recall that an eBay seller had the same one listed around $25 while an overseas store had it at around $40.)I was beyond myself... and proceeded to pee my pants.  Again.(Kidding.  I felt like I could've peed, though I've always taken great care of my personal hygiene.  I digress.  I just wanted you to picture a dork, I admit, who's sometimes obsessed with collecting music.)Whether your mullet needs some affirmation from Yanni or your libido could use some further misguidance from Eminem, or your son could use some long lost Replacements to wean him of eyeliner and Panic at the Disco or your callous boyfriend could stand to own 'Love Story: The Director's Cut' DVD - you'll come across it all at Zia.However, there are certain locations which stock particular genres more abundantly than other locations.  Meaning - you'll have a better chance at finding most indie items at the Tempe and Chandler locations than you would at the crunk stocked Indian School location.  And, I have come to discover that if you don't come across what you had intended on finding it's likely to appear when you return a few months later.  I like that.And if an item just so happens to be at their Tucson stores they will have it mailed to their Phoenix locations for you to pick up a week or so  later.  They care, they entertain, give them a big hug.Although I partake in listening to music more than I partake of sleep or ingesting food I know that I would not enjoy working at a record/CD shoppe, at all.  So, to comment on their staff (which has an average turnover rate) I have to say that I haven't known any of their employees to ever come across as pretentious or smug.  They all seemed to have a natural understanding that a snide attitude calls for an immediate kick in the t*ts from any customer.  In fact, each of them whom I have happened to speak with have likable and varying personalities undefined by whatever may be "cool" or "uncool".Their business also provides a free monthly Ziazine mag (hard copies and/or on-line) which is worthy and comparable to other "legitimate" mags that have a price.  As well, they intermittently hand out their own  CD's containing the music of various artists.  And at times they schedule in-store appearances of bands at various locations which are free to the public.  Some of these extras may be thought of as general record store activities but are far less frequent or rare of larger establishments. To stay true to diplomatic review, and although I am mostly a Rock music fan, I'll mention that they could try to take more advantage of enlisting in-store appearances from bands of different genres rather than just Rock music.  Similarly, providing the public with equal stock of all genres of music would also be attentive.  Though I may not always go there to purchase an item of Classical or Vocal music there are patrons who prefer those genres over others and may rarely find what they're looking for.Nonetheless, if they don't have what you're looking for you can order an item through one of their stores, as they seem to have great connections with other sellers.Lastly, take advantage of their kiosks which are stocked from time to time with various music that you can sample.  I have found some great music that way.
3	I really give them 3.5 It breaks down like this5 stars for variety and quality2 stars for price, come they are used! I can buy them off the internet new for cheaper, less convienent , but cheaper. 3 for the staff, they are either nice and helpful, or pissy and weird3 for what they give you for the cd's you bring them 5 stars for dvd's way cheaper than anywhere, good selections
5	Since when is this place closed? It's October 2011. I was there last week and it's very much still in business. Love this place. I feel 12 again here.
