5	I bring my dog here for grooming.  The staff is wonderful!  Everyone is beyond friendly, efficient, and LOVE pets. The groomers follow my directions to a T.  I drop her off in the morning and they call me when she is ready.  I have never boarded my dog here or utilized the doggie daycare, although I would.  The facility is great.  They have cameras in all the play areas and there are always attendants on hand.  They offer a great selection of pet food, accessories, toys, beds, treats, etc there.  While they can be a bit pricy for the goods they are selling, the day care and grooming prices are more than reasonable.  I trust these people completely with my furry family member,
5	This place is excellent!  Our senior collie has been boarding, grooming and having daycare there for the past 3 years and he loves going there and I love how well they care for him. The facilities are spacious, clean and built specifically to care for dogs of all types. They separate the dogs by size and temperament so your pooch will be comfortable with their peers. There are web cams so you can check in on them at any time. Daily nap time and bedtime are in private cubes with cushy beds. There's even " luxury" suites for the pampered pooch who needs their own TV. (although I can't imagine why)The groomers are particularly good and really take the time to make sure our older dog stays as comfortable as possible. Anita and her staff truly love dogs and it shows. I recommend them very highly.
5	We have been taking our two Weimaraners to Dogs All Day since we moved to Charlotte 2 years ago. We use both daycare & boarding and have recommended Dogs all Day to many of our friends. Both of our dogs get so excited when we pull in and are so tired when we pick them up to go home. The staff is always friendly and they seem to really love dogs.
2	I was going to Dogs All Day for about a year or so but recently they changed groomers and the quality I was used to wasn't there. I can't speak to there daycare service but for grooming I would go somewhere else. I also got push back when I tried to talk to the manager about this. I ended up just getting a refund and have moved on.
5	Anita has been extremely helpful in recommending food options and related care for my dog. The staff at Dogs All Day is great and Aspen loves the activity. Staff is professional, courtesy and always open for discussions on the days events. I would recommend this facilty to all.
5	This is an excellent facility. The staff are all very nice and professional. My dogs are always taken care of very well and come home happy, exercised, and tired!The facility is very clean. They also separate dogs based on size and temperament. Its also very nice that a grooming salon is also available. Roxy and Charlie just love dogs all day!
1	Took my dog for grooming and while we were pleased with the staff our dog came home with fleas and gave them to our other dog. That took 4 months to get rid of. Unacceptable!
1	Took our 2 dogs for grooming here. While the groomer was nice he did an awful job. He had burnt the side of one of my dogs necks. There was burn scabsFor weeks afterwards. I let the groomer know, he apologized and said ill use a different Gaurd next time. We gave him another chance and this time the burn marks were even worse! He had two huge scabs on both sides of his neck. My dog was shaking the entire way home. I am not one to write reviews but had to in hopes that it might safe another dog having to go through this. I can't imagine how I'm gonna take him to another groomer, he's been traumatized.
5	Our very energetic Irish Terrier has been coming to Dogs All Day since he was 4 months old ( now 4 1/2 years old).  The staff and owner are wonderful, and I feel like they really take care of him.  He absolutely loves going to daycare and being boarded at Dogs All Day.
5	We love this puppy daycare and boarding spot! And more importantly, our puppy Max LOVES it too.  He gets a report card each time and all we read is that he truly played with other dogs all day long.  When he gets home he is usually pooped, which helps him sleep through the night.  The staff is super friendly and prices are reasonable.  You can even download an App and watch the dogs play during the day, there are multiple video cameras inside and outside.
5	We've been dropping our girls off for about 6 months now. They are always staffed with friendly people who clearly love the dogs they have with them. We have 2 Mini-Schnauzers and they have a good amount of energy. When we pick them up at the end of the day they're always tired but happy. We haven't boarded yet but I've seen the interaction with people who are boarding and their dogs seem very well cared for too.I highly recommend giving them a try.
