5	Pros: the food taste is really goodThe food is freshCons: they took long time to bring the food
3	When we stumbled upon Palm Beach Middle Eastern restaurant this week, we weren't sure what to expect.  Being from a middle eastern family myself, and having some of the best cooking growing up, especially Turkish, we had high expectations going into this place, but remained very open minded.As you walk into Palm Beach the atmosphere and  ambiance of the place is nothing like the Middle East or, for that matter, anyplace I have ever seen. In fact the place had little or no decor at all, really, just a big room with 20 some table and chairs.  At first I didn't think this place was open.  But their was about 8 tables full of people, so we decided to stay and give it a try.First the service... It was impeccable period. Very friendly staff, and right on par. Even if the blonde hair girl couldn't pronounce some of the dish.  She was terrific! The menu... The cover said something like "food that your mama makes". I was with my mom and dad, who are middle eastern Turkish, so this added to the expectations and they were ready to critic. My mom and I ordered the kefta, (meatball) served in a mattlaic pot with garlic glazed tomato sauce with middle eastern spicies... This dish WAS better than my mom has ever made. Sorry mom!  Plus she even liked it, and she is vey picky.My dad ordered the fresh lamb that fell off the  bone onto to balsamic rice with saffron. It was also terrific.When the waitress said that the food takes a bit longer than normal restaurants because everything is so fresh, she wasn't kidding... It took 15 minutes. But it was well worth the wait, fresh and tasty.The food and presentation was by far superior than any Middle Eastern restaurant  I've been too in a long time.What Palm Beach Middle Eastern Restaurant  lacks in decor and ambiance, sure makes up with the food.I know they are a new ( only a few months old), so hopefully they will have it in their budget to make the place one day feel like you are overseas,in the Middle East, There are some beautiful places there.So yes, I will return to Palm Beach to have the best Middle Eastern food in Tempe, decor or not, the food is well worth it... And as they said "It's  just like mamma made!"
5	Really, As good as it gets 5 stars!! I'm talking about the food!
5	Came here with my parents and girlfriend expecting to see crowds waiting, but it wasn't really packed at all.However,  this place was super delicious. It was our first time trying different Arabic/Middle Eastern food. I asked the lady who took our orders, what was good and she explained to us that their menu has dishes from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon and Syria. We started with Hummus and pita bread, then we ordered Kushari (vegan Egyptian dish),  Kufta with Tahin ( Lebanese dish that came with a side of white rice), lamb Mandy ( Saudi Arabian dish which had unique smoked yellow seasoned rice, the plate was big and surprisingly delicious), and  the Arabic style Shawrma wraps that came with garlic dipping and fries. Everyone was satisfied, and we had great time. I will be Back!!
4	We arrived the Palm Beach one minute before they close and they welcomed us and even tough we were the only group left in the restaurant they gave us their full attention. The food is amazing, they have a huge menu of all "traditional" western Saudi foods. Their dishes taste like the food in an average Saudi family house.
5	.The best restaurants in Tempe, the food is so delicious and the host is very friendly.
5	Excellent food.  Not typical kabobs. They offer a variety of saudi based dishes.  The lamb is scrumptious and the okra stew w lamb was amazing.  I highly recommend this place.
5	First time coming here and we will definitively be back! The place was hidden behind 7-11 on Broadway and Dorsey, looked like a new restaurant, a huge space but felt like it wasn't fully set-up (there's a few clutter on the table and empty spaces). But don't let this fool you because the food here was great! We ordered hummus & pita bread, beef kufta and lamb mandi. The hummus was good, not the best hummus I've had but I don't have anything bad to say about it. However, I wasn't a fan of the pita bread. They were a little dry in my opinion. The beef kufta was delicious! I've never had beef kufta that was prepared in that way before! It had two sauce options: tomato and tahiti. I went with the tahiti and it was a bit tard for my taste, over powering the beef. Next time I will try it with the tomato sauce. Last but for sure not the least, the lamb mandi was DA BOMB! Never had smokey flavored rice and it was delish! The lamb shank was braised and chopped, the meat was just very tender and delicious. The chopped the bone allowed us to scoop up a little bit of that yummy marrow out :9 The service was a bit slow but the lady who served us was very friendly and attentive to my request. All in all, I recommend this place!
5	I feel here like home I really like it . I like the food , they are clean and super friendly .They are busy all the time but they still have a greatest service and food . Fast , delicious, clean and friendly.
5	Best saudi arabian food and best price I have ever sern before, also they have a hooka lounge at the same store it's extremely cheaper than other hooka store. I recommend this restaurant for ever.
4	Wow! At Palm Beach you will find amazing cuisine spanning multiple regions of the Middle East. The menu offers several dishes that you might not have seen before. We stepped in with an Amazon deal for a three course meal. We decided on the dolma appetizer, and shared the kushari and chicken with rice. We finished with the om ali.The dolma was freshly made, and oh so good, especially if all you are used to is the canned dolma from restaurants. The kushari was starch heaven, filled with pasta, lentils, rice, covered with a tangy tomato sauce, topped with caramelized onion. The chicken and rice came with your choice of 2 rices. We chose the smoky rice, which was excellent. I really enjoyed the smoky flavor of the rice with the tender, fall off the bone chicken.The om ali was a unique dessert to me. It is a puff pastry soaked in cream, topped with crushed pistachio and baked in the oven. It tasted like the bread pudding version of puff pastry, and was thoroughly enjoyable.Service was excellent, and the staff were all cheerful and helpful in guiding us through the menu.The atmosphere is a little hit and miss. The walls are beautifully decorated, but the tables and chairs are quite Spartan, with cut up clear plastic bags being used as tablecloths.Overall though, a great place to dine.P.S. All their meat is halal, and they have quite a few vegetarian options to choose from.
2	Did not care for the food or the service.  Many items on menu unavailable.  Had to ask for water refills.  Didn't get napkins or silverware until after both appetizer and main dish had been brought.  Hummus was extremely salty.  Moussaka was very greasy.
5	Most tender chicken I've ever eaten. Fell right off the bone...literally. We got the chicken khalsab(?) and mandi lamb. Both were delicious. Arabian music added to the ambience. Servers were very friendly and accommodating. Portions were huge, good value for the price. I'll be back soon!
5	So my date and I were next door smoking hookah in this hidden place called Vertigo Lounge. The server handed us the restaurant's menu (not sure if it is the same owner) and we ordered the Arabic style chicken shawirma and a virgin cocktail. The shawirma came with this yummy dipping garlic sauce and a side of fries. The freshly blended cocktail which the server convinced me to get (layers of strawberry, mango and banana) was worth it (way better than Jumbo juice). We will definitely stop by next time to try some middle eastern food!
4	The food is actually really good. The hummus, lamb and rice were both tasty.The service level is a bit iffy...one wait person..running behind.  If you don't mind the waiting, the food is worth checking out.
4	This place is pretty awesome. The staff is very friendly and engaging, and the food is quite good. Their shawarma is prepared differently than a lot of other local places, almost like a grilled sandwich, and it's good if you're looking for something different. The kabsa is their real specialty, in my opinion. It is very hard to find good (or any) Saudi kabsa around, and it is quite good and large here. If it's your first time, try it out!
3	Palm Beach Middle Eastern has so many faults that it is hard to see how it can rate even three stars, but read on.To start with, Palm Beach is located in a less-than-busy strip mall (at least on Saturday evening), and I can only describe as "creepy" the feeling I had getting out of my car.  A hookah lounge (connected with the restaurant it turns out) was right in front of me complete with an "interesting" man leaning on the wall.Entering the restaurant felt like entering a cave.  The space is huge with 16 tables scattered around.  They could easily have 50.  There is nothing else in the room.  When we were there only one other table was occupied.  Still feeling "creepy".The lone waitress was dressed appropriately for -- well, actually she wasn't dressed appropriate for anything.  The menu was far too large, but don't worry -- they had taped over about half of the offerings.  And something I have never seen before -- the silverware (spoon, fork, knife) came with each piece individually wrapped in a napkin.  Odd.Could it get any worse?  I am happy to say: "no".  From that point on, if we tried hard to ignore our surroundings, Palm Beach delivered a reasonable and occasinally exemplery meal.The waitress was friendly and competent, the food came out reasonably quickly (although the appetiser and main courses were served almost simultaneously).  And some of the food was really good -- the baba ghonouj, for example.  The smoky rice chicken was well prepared but it was simply a half roasted chicken on a bed of rice.  Tasty but simple.  The okra-lamb stew was also simple, but not so tasty, and the lamb chunks were chewy.As an example of middle eastern cooking, Palm Beach has some potential, at least when you learn what to order, but you will have to get over the negatives if you want to enjoy your meal.  We couldn't.
