5	I tried this place out with a friend because I heard they had AWESOME red velvet waffles! unfortunately we came to late for the waffles BUT we tried other menu items such as there fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese , chicken loli-pops , and chicken sandwich with sweet potato waffle fries EVERYTHING WAS PHENOMENAL! the whole time I was eating I was thinking I cant wait to yelp about this food! Im already making plans to try this restaurant again in the very near future! take it from me try this place out you wont be disappointed =)
5	We went to the South Park location when they first opened and wondered how this location would compare. Hands down, Terrace Cafe is the BEST breakfast place in Charlotte! The food is reasonably priced and FRESH! The first time we came we couldn't make our minds up on what to get so we ordered basically a side of everything! Eggs Benedict, pancakes, fresh fruit, biscuits and gravy.... Cannot comment on how lunch/dinner is yet - however, I'd have to assume it is 5 star quality too! We will definitely be back.
2	Unfortnately I cant comment on the food since we didnt eat but thought I'd share my first experience.  Went yesterday after church to eat, we were told it would be a 20 mins wait with empty tables everywhere.  Finally got a seat only to realize they only service breakfast items until 2:30 and then  they close and reopen at 4.  WTF?  Not everyone wants breakfast food at 12:30 pm.  There were no signs anywhere indicating only breakfast served.  By watching some of the staff, I'd say service wasn't that great either.  You could tell some had no clue even regarding cleaning off a table.
3	I had been looking forward to trying the Terrace Cafe since I first heard it would be opening at Ballantyne Village.   So, we went yesterday for brunch. We walked inside and it was freezing cold, so we decided to sit outside.  The interior looked as if it had not changed much from its prior life as the Village Bistro.     The service was ok - I would say 3 to 3.5 stars.  The food was somewhat disapointing from a couple of standpoints. In general, I would give it a 4 for overall quality & presentation.  However, only a 3 for flavor, a 3 for overall value (kind of pricey),  and a 3 for overall execution. Having checked out their menu online before we went, I knew that I had to try the Red Velvet Waffle.  For $10.50, you get a red waffle drizzled with a cream cheese sauce and your choice of a side (grits, hash browns, or fruit).  I chose the fruit which was an excellent choice. The fruit was a fresh mix that included cantaloupe, honeydew melon, grapes, blueberries, blackberry, fresh pineapple, & fresh mango.David took the waitresses suggestion and ordered the Banana Pecan French Toast.  This was a ginormous serving of 3 thick slices of banana nut bread served as french toast & topped with fresh sliced bananas & pecans drizzled with a rum-flavored maple syrup. ($10.00).  David also ordered a side of scrambled egg whites ($2.50).I was disappointed in the waffle.  It was red but it was not velvet.  It tastes like a regular belgian waffle dyed with red food coloring.  It had none of the depth or texture that you would expect for Red Velvet (I did not detect any cocoa which is essential in a true red velvet). The cream cheese drizzle was nice though. David's Banana Pecan french toast had a wonderful flavor and texture. However, it was way too sweet and was not a good choice for a main breakfast/brunch entree.  It would have been much better if they cut down the size of the toast - for example, they should serve 1 or 2 small slices of toast and pair it with eggs and a meat of some sort (preferably turkey bacon or turkey sausage).  Or, if they served 1 slice as dessert would be a good way to sample the wonderful flavor without over-doing it.
4	What a great surprise.  This place has fantastic food options.  We've gone several times for lunch and it is definitely earned its way into the rotation.All of my colleagues have enjoyed it as well.  Whether you want breakfast or lunch, the meals were great.  I can't get enough of good breakfast food.  We need more places that serve breakfast in Charlotte, especially ones with this level of quality.Service was prompt, pleasant and professional.
4	Yummy in my tummy!On this particular Sunday at 11 AM, I was pleasantly surprised there wasn't a longer wait for a table. I was told by the hostess there would be a 30 minute wait for a table of 3; however, we only waited about 5 minutes. The hostess was really friendly & nice.This brings me to our waitress...she on the other hand wasn't too friendly & seemed like we were an inconvenience.  Throughout our whole dining experience, she may have refilled my coffee once, but didn't ask us how we were doing.  We did have 2 members of their staff (maybe managers?) come by to ask how we were doing.On to the food, I had the "full breakfast" - which was delicious. The bacon was crisp, scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly, hash browns were brown & had just the right amount of crisp to them. The pancakes were very thin, but nonetheless they were still good. I like the details of Terrace Cafe. The neat plates & beverage glasses, the cute, retro hot tea kettles (hot water for hot tea), the hot tea caddy, the salt & pepper shakers, & even a calculator in the bill folio.
4	So much good!  So much...so-so. With fellow Eliter, Angie P and another friend, we arrived at 11am for brunch. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait...but we CLEARLY saw 3 open 4 tops, cleared and ready for seating.  Hmm. In the end, we got seated in about 5 minutes. There are some nice details of this Terrace Cafe.  The salt and pepper shakers are stylish bushed stainless and fit together like some kind of Alessi  design, or modern art. The teapots and bright ceramic.  There's a nice tea caddy with nylon mesh bags, not the everyday filters. The water glasses are asymmetrical, as is the flatware. Pretty. The special, a lobster benedict.  Oh, but this benny featured TEMPURA shrimp on a buttery and crisp English muffin.  The hollandaise, buttery and just te right viscosity, not lumpy or runny.  (Did I just use the wold viscosity in my review?  How dorky!)  The eggs, poached just right so the yolks were runny and dripped into the muffin.  Served with a few pieces of watercress and mixed greens.  Very, very flavorful and well executed.  For $17, it was worth every penny. The fruit salad is worth mentioning as well.  The fruits weren't the average under-ripe cantaloupe and honeydew, but ripe, sweet strawberry, blueberry, pinapple, grapes, kiwi, mango and melons.  The not-so-good: A somewhat indifferent server who was almost smug at times.  We were unsure of what to order and spent about 30 seconds mulling over the menu...and we weren't told "take your time, I'll be right back"...and instead, we were stared at!  She was a nanosecond away from rolling her eyes...but thankfully I spied the lobster benny and put in my order. Another minor detraction from that 5th star...the lack of communication.  We asked for honey, and it didn't arrive for a few minutes.  Two different managers, within 30 second of each other to ask us if everything was satisfactory.  Oh, and the water for the tea wasn't all that hot.  Hot enough to steep the leaves, but just barely. Overall, the food at this location was stellar.  The Peidmont location is better in service...but I think judging on breakfast/brunch alone, this location in Ballantyne does a more consistent job. Fin.
4	Delicious brunch spot. Immediately when you walk in, the atmosphere is warm, bright and modern. There's an energy without being noisy.For a 11am on a Sunday morning, I was surprised there wasn't a longer wait. (Note: I arrived late, but my friends only waited 5 minutes for a table.) The crowd was steady, but all around us, things seemed to move quickly.My dish was excellent. It was so hard to decide! Terrace Cafe has a lot of unique dishes - like a Red Velvet Waffle and S'mores French Toast. I ended up with a special - Bananas Foster Waffle. Woah! Almost more like a dessert than a meal - it was so good. Waffle was baked perfectly. The bananas foster was sweet, with enough sauce that I didn't need syrup. It also came with eggs - I chose scrambled. Not too runny, not too dry. I was most impressed by the fruit. It was not your typical lame brunch - with some sad-looking melons. Oh no, not at Terrace Cafe. I got a few pieces of melon, but mostly strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, kiwi and mango. Mango! If fruit is an option for a side, I highly recommend it.A few other nice touches - my hot tea came in an individual pot of hot water. Our waitress brought a box full of teas from which to choose. The dishware is very chic: curved water glasses, rectangular white plates, interestingly curved silverware.My one complaint was our waitress. She seemed a bit detached and wasn't very attentive to our table, though we noticed she paid more attention to others around us. She did not check on us after our meal arrived. However, two managers stopped by our table to make sure everything was ok and they were very friendly. Overall, a fantastic restaurant. I will be back for brunch -- and to try lunch or dinner as well!
5	I have to give this place five stars based on our first two visits.  My mom and aunt were in town visiting my 2 year old daughter (I know the score, they weren't here to see me!) and we went there for lunch on Friday.  My mom wanted breakfast but also lunch, so we agreed to return on Saturday morning for breakfast.First off, we got there before the lunch rush and didn't have to wait... so that addresses some of the negative reviews I've read here.   It did get packed just minutes after we sat down.   Our server was wonderful, so that addresses another negative I read (ask for Libby's section).  Our food was FANTASTIC.  We ordered adult grilled cheese (the review was 'best grilled cheese I've ever had'), tempura chicken fingers and corned beef sandwich.  The tempura fingers were really good... but then again I love tempura.  I had the leftover of the corned beef sandwich today, and it was really good.   Not Rascal House in Miami Beach, good.. but good!  My wife said the onion rings she got with her grilled cheese were awesome.For breakfast today we again did not have to wait... but it did get a little crowded after we sat down.  I just  had to dig in to their famous red velvet waffle, and it did not disappoint.  When it came out it appeared small to me.  I was thankful my wife ordered the lumberjack breakfast (what I called it, I think it's called "complete breakfast" on the menu) because I figured I'd be eating half of that.  Well, by the time I finished the red velvet waffle, I was done.  Small in stature, large in richness!  Wow, that was a powerful breakfast.  Also ordered were the Belgian waffle with fruit, and the banana nut french toast, which my mom raved over.  We had the same server on Saturday that we had on Friday and she again was great!All in all, we had two phenomenal meals at Terrace Cafe.  I've heard from friends that dinner there is not so good.. and that does not surprise me.  Based on the speed of delivery of our meals after ordering, this place specializes in "quick and very tasty".
4	I have eaten at this Terrace Cafe location 3 times and arranged a business dinner there last night for a group of 15. For one thing, this place is so much better than the Village Bistro that was there before. Hopefully, this will be the anchor restaurant that Ballantyne Village has been needing. The food here is very good and the portions are generous enough that I alway have leftovers. An oyster/spinach salad I had on one visit literally had at least 20 oysters on it. I ate half and took the rest home. On my last visit I had a capuccino and the hummus platter. The hummus was freshly made and the capuccino was delicious. I have not visited the bar here, but they seem to have a good selection.I also did not attend the business dinner, but received very good reviews from several of the attendees. There is a private room there, but it only holds 12 comfortably.So glad to finally have a good full service place nearby!
4	This place has a mean Sunday breakfast all day long. Highlights, $5 mimosas s'mores French toast and red velvet pancakes. Biscuits nd gravy are awesome, nice light fluffy biscuits.
4	I ate at the Terrace Cafe Ballantyne on a Friday night and was very pleased. There were several servers bustiling around the dining room and we were seated immediately. The server made very good wine and food recommendations. Our salads and entrees were very tasty--well seasoned wth a minimal wait. The portions were generous, and both myself and my fellow diner took home leftovers. The only drawback to my experience was that we had to ask our server for mini rolls after observing that the tables to both sides of us had received them. We also had to flag down our server for a wine refill. I definitely recommend Terrace Cafe for a nice dinner in Ballantyne.
4	I didn't expect much but an overpriced restaurant.  BUT, it was AWESOME!  Had a salad and salmon entree, fantastic.  A little overpriced, but great quality food, my friend and I both loved our meals!  The service was pretty good too.  I'm sure I'll be back!!
5	Excellent options for breakfast, lunch or dinner. To some it may seem a bit pricey but I don't mind paying a little more for  food with an emphasis on fresh ingredients.  My girlfriend and I have eaten here several times and we always come away impressed. We love the Fat Tire mussels, Ahi tuna salad, Terrace fried chicken and perhaps my favorite is the San Francisco chicken sandwich with sweet potato waffle fries. Definitely worth a try!
5	Just wonderful on every level! Atmosphere, ambiance, decor, staff, and the chow of course.My wife and I have had breakfast and dinner at the Terrace Cafe. Everything was gourmet level cuisine. For instance the hash browns were perfectly crisp and non greasy. This is a tough side dish to get correct. Best I've ever eaten. The highly creative ravioli was a pure delight. Stuffed with a pumpkin puree it was unique and perfectly cooked. All the other items we have sampled there were terrific also.Awesome overall restaurant!
4	Went twice recently, once for dinner and once for brunch. Did NOT have Red Velvet waffles--much as I love sweets, the very notion of those waffles makes me queasy--but all at my table ordered either breakfast or lunch items and all were quite pleased. My omelette was well-made, just enough without being the gluttonous portion some restaurants feel obligated to serve. The dinner was likewise done well and all in our party were pleased. I did order one of the desserts, which took an inordinately long time to arrive at the table and was still cold from the fridge and more than a little dry (a coconut cake). I wouldn't order a dessert again, knowing now that they're pre-fab and sitting around in the freezer until ordered, but I also don't hold that against them.Service was better at dinner than brunch but both servers were pleasant, engaging and professional. We will definitely return, which is not what we said long ago when we last left the old Village Bistro. I think we will begin to incorporate this into a dinner-and-a-movie evening routine, which includes the Ballantyne movie theater upstairs (and which requires a whole different review).
4	What a wonderful place!  I came here twice for Sunday brunch and was not disappointed either time.  While the wait time might be a bit on the longer side on Sunday afternoons, they serve apple fritters until you're seated!  Thank you for being so close to my house!From the hostess to the servers, everyone was so kind and attentive.  The red velvet waffles are AMAZING.  Not too sweet and plenty of flavor- party in the mouth!  You can't go wrong with anything on the brunch menu.  Between my friends and I, we tried a good amount of brunch dishes and loved every single one.  The quiche is extremely filling even though the portion seemed a little on the smaller side at first sight (I can't remember if this was a special).  I can die happy in the hash browns.  Regardless, do not leave without trying the red velvet waffles!  The prices are a bit on the higher side for your typical breakfast menu.  You're looking at $10-$15 per plate.  The portions are not ginormous but you will leave full.Just so you didn't catch it the first two times: RED VELVET WAFFLES!
2	The evening started out with the wrong vibe.  Our reservation was at 7:00 and we were 5 minutes early. There were plenty of empty tables, however, we were shown to a table next to the kitchen with the Reserved sign.  Cocktails were prepared well and prompt. Our waiter told us about the evening specials, they happened to be the two most expensive items on the menu. We ordered two starters. Scallops and fried green tomatoes.  The scallops were cooked well. They were moist and flavorful. The fried green tomatoes were  over cooked.  I also ordered a crab bisque soup. The soup was warm with a lump of very cold crab at the bottom of the cup.  I ordered the Grouper (an evening special) over risotto. The fish was mushy and the risotto was gummy.  My wife ordered the New York Strip (the other evening special). It arrived covered with corn and an glob of mashed sweet potato over half of the meat. The steak was tough. An uneven cut, thin on one side. So it was over cooked on one end.  Our two guests were equally dissatisfied.  I think a special should really be special and not just a expensive menu item. Our waiter never once ask how our meal was.  We paid the bill and tipped well. We most likely won't return.  There are too many good choices in Charlotte.Maybe it was an off night.
5	After one visit, I can say I was pretty impressed with this location of Terrace Cafe and plan to return to see if they are consistently good.I visited for lunch and arrived just after 11:30; we were immediately shown to a table.  Our server was quite nice and remained attentive without becoming annoying and offered what his favorites were on the menu and why he loved them.  The interior is decorated in an elegant, sophisticated manner with hints of trendyness. Large metalwork sculptures and original paintings are paired with the warm oranges and dark reds, with plenty of flowing curves. Even the tableware and glasses have an artful curve and elegance to them - it's classy without being stuffy.We started with the bruschetta, which was a step above most others, with melt in your mouth bread as opposed to the over toasted sheet rock a lot of places serve. For my entree, I decided to see what the "grown up grilled cheese" was all about. It was certainly a gourmet grilled cheese, with colby jack, tomatoes, and onions between toasted sourdough.  My only critique would be that the onions were sliced a little too thin and tended to make for slightly messy eating. Flavor-wise, though, it was spot on. I upgraded to the onion rings for a side and I am glad I did - these were massive onion rings coated in a tempura batter.  My partner tried the soup of the day, an apple and fennel, and was thoroughly content.I certainly plan to return and try the red velvet waffles they are known for, and maybe give their new dinner offerings a shot too.
4	Love red velvet waffles and eggs Benedict. They have wonderful sweet tea. They can get a little hectic for Sunday breakfast.
1	Very disappointing visit - have been here several times and this was way way below normal.  Service slow and very spotty - arrived around 3:30 on a Sat afternoon - only handful of people there but took a long time for drinks to arrive.  Were also handed a mini-menu and were told because of "Restaurant Week" their menu between lunch and dinner was reduced to only a handful of items normally on menu.  While I heartily approve of Restaurant Week I do not understand the reasoning behind downsizing your regular menu - so we were forced to choose between a few "bite size" items.  Mussels were in an unappetizing broth.  Chicken pot pie was tastless.  Chicken drummettes were fatty and overpowered by a gooey unappetizing sauce.  I hope this was just a one time bad experience.  But they need to go back to allowing patrons to order from regular menu regardless of what special events are taking place.
4	It sure is a good feeling when you hit and establishment, especially a restaurant, and know, just know that it is going to be a good experience across the board.  With just one visit we give it four stars, but am pretty certain that after another visit or so it will rate a full five.Clean, excellent and unusual menu, super service, yet small and intimate.  Full bar to boot.They had fried green tomatoes, so we just had to give them a try and were glad we did.  Think sliced and lightly breaded they were perfectly cooked.  They come with an onion relish, so-so to us, and the aioli (?) was just a dot on each of the slices, so we ordered more and got it.  Yummy appetizer to share. Lunch had two soup specials and two sandwich specials.  I just loved the chicken chili with white beans as the chicken was cut to the same size as the beans, making every spoonful just right.  Wife had the beef noodle, which was very rich and more of a stew than a soup.  These alone would have been a decent lunch with bread.I ordered a salad and, bingo, they make all their dressings themselves, another super sign of going beyond easy.  Shallot ranch was excellent and the portion was large for a "dinner salad."  Menu is breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Novel red velvet waffles that are red and white and brown, looking inviting.  Kid menus for each meal, so not just chicken fingers and hot dogs.  Their house specialties are marked with little trees and healthy items approved by the YM/WCA as indicated with their logo.Good across the board...give it a shot.
4	Went today for lunch with my 2 kids and rest of the family.  Got there around 1:00pm and the place was still pretty crowded, for a Saturday.  It was "kid friendly" and offered some nice choices for my 3 year old.  The service was "OK" nothing outstanding, but the food made up for it.  I had the corned beef sandwich and it was pretty tasty, the marble rye was very good and added to the sandwich.  The mustard was so DARN SPICY so it served a duel purpose of clearing my sinuses as well!  The "Cole Slaw" was more of a cabbage, onion, vinegar salad and I would not order it again.  My daughter had one pancake which she ate most of which indicated that it was great, wife had the salmon which she liked very much and there was a shrimp and grits and salad orderd at the table also.  Everybody liked what they got so all in all it was a great experience.  It was a bit pricey, but again, I don't mind paying for good food in a nice atmosphere so we will be back!  I sat near the kitchen and watched the chef work the pass and he personally dressed every plate that left which was nice to see.
4	I see there are mixed reviews on the Terrace Cafe, my experience across a half dozen visits has been pretty uniform. This is a well run mid level restaurants with good food and reasonable prices. You can get a good breakfast or lunch for $10 - $15. Salads are good (fried oyster, cobb) burgers are good and fried onion rings are very good. I like this unit better than the one in Piedmont Row, not sure why but I do. It is a good place to take visiting guests as their menu has a wide selection and wait staff has no problem with a high maintenance guest (you know the type: "is this fresh", " can I have that on the side", "can I substitute x for y") all these requests are handled with a smile and fulfilled.
2	Went tonight with Sweetie after church for dinner.  Just us, no kids.  Got there around 6:15 or so and it was empty, but started to fill up while we were there.  Menu looks great, lots of options for everyone so we're off to a good start.  Ordered the Caesar Salad to start and Sweetie had the "Bibb Salad".  Salads were OK, nothing great...but hey, it's a salad.  The Parm roll served with my Caesar was "old" and the croutons were unseasoned.Sweetie ordered the grouper which was a nice portion and well cooked along with the lump crabmeat risotto which was good.  My entree was almost NON EXISTENT, I ordered the hangar steak, which was barely 2 slices of steak on top of a "sweet potato hash".  I was completely disappointed in the portion size and when I said something to the manager he tried to convince me that t was 8 Oz. of steak before cooking.  Now, let me say that I was a butcher in a former life (really) and know my meat....I'm not sure if someone hasn't checked their scales, but this portion was never 8 Oz!  For $18.00, I was VERY disappointed in the value of the entree.  Now, the steak, what there was of it was tasty and the sweet potato hash was also good.  I just have to be honest the only thing I could think about was the small portion sixe the whole meal which ruined it.At the end of the meal it was $68.00 with me drinking iced tea and Sweetie having water.  2 salads and 2 entrees with tip it was in the $70.00's with no alcohol being served.  I just feel slighted for what I paid since $70.00 and thought about stopping at Chick Fil A on the way home since I was still hungry.  Since I work hard for my money, I generally say something if I'm not happy when the Manager comes by and asks "How is everything", this particular Manager is probably used to people saying "OK" or "good" because he couldn't get away from me fast enough when I said something was wrong and that I wasn't happy.  I do know that the way to handle it is not to argue with the customer.Unfortunately, I won't be back to this establishment.  I hate it, because it did have promise.  Excuse me, I have to go fix myself a sandwich.
5	This remains the best breakfast place in Charlotte hands down.  We went again today, Mother's Day expecting it to be busy.  We were told that the wait would be an hour but the hostess had a basket of some scrumptious apple fritters (I think that is what they were) to hit the spot while we waited.  Well, rather surprisingly, we only had to wait for about 15 minutes.  Maybe we were lucky or maybe she's not gotten the hang of estimating wait times.  If it's the latter, I hope she figures it out quickly.  Also of note is the fact that there is indoor and outdoor dining.  Each has is its own list and its own hostess.Nevertheless, after we were seated the service was fantastic, the atmosphere is beautiful--warm, contemporary, and beautiful--if Pottery Barn were designing a restaurant it would look like this.What is really incredible is the food.  The beef tenderloin eggs Benedict make me feel like I have gone to heaven every time I have them--steak, hollandaise and perfectly poached eggs, what's not to love.  The s'mores French toast  and the red velvet waffles are also out of this world.  The kids breakfast with pancakes, eggs and sausage or bacon is fun since the pancakes are the shapes of animals.  The pancakes are soft, tender, and fluffy.  The food and the service are always very special here.  It is equally impressive at dinner. It is always a treat to return.
4	Dear Terrace Cafe, thank you for making breakfast/brunch a meal much to be envied when not enjoying it every day of my life. I'm a happy customer. Each time I've made it into Terrace for breakfast or lunch, I've been pleased both with the ambiance, service, meal and price. Very hot spot for most weekend brunchers/breakfasters. This location can get a bit hairy with parking. Once again, Ballantyne Village has a great parking deck with easy access for all businesses. If the front or lot spaces are all taken, the lot isn't a bad secondary. Also, you'll most likely be waiting for a good bit on the weekends. Take a seat on the sunny benches outside or take a short jaunt around the shopping center. There are plenty of great places to relax while you wait for a table to open up. The food is fantastic. Fresh and prepared with care, love, flavor and a hefty amount of tasteful plating. Breakfast is great. Eggs are fluffy and fresh (scrambled of course), the waffles are magnificent. I'd recommend the red velvet variety. Coffee is piping hot and refills are free. Doesn't get much better for a morning meal. Lunch is also much to be looked forward to. I've had one of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches from Terrace. The breading is light and the sauce is balanced between spice, sweet and sour. Bread and veggies are not overwhelming and swallow the whole sandwich. Also, their glasses are such a funky and fun shape. Curved and taper up to the rim. Every kid I've seen in terrace loves them! (So do I....but I'm a kid in an adult's body, you see.)Grab some of their wonderful chocolate covered mints on the way out. They may frown upon you grabbing a handful, but its hard to resist. Love Terrace and visit frequently! Thanks for the solid breakfast and lunch options! Cheers!
5	Two words to preface this review: pleasantly surprised.I have visited the other Terrace Cafe in Piedmont Town Center, and have disliked it all 3 times I've been there. I decided to give Terrace another shot--and this one is in a better location for me anyway. We sat outside on a warm summer afternoon. Pleasant! The waiter was quite mellow, but we felt he was thoughtful and overall a nice gentleman. He recommended the chicken salad croissant for me. The chicken salad is made with cream cheese and sour cream (I think it was sour cream) instead of mayo, giving it a totally different flavor. It comes with grapes and pineapples, and it was just awesome. The croissant was light, and a nice background to the chicken salad. Yum! It came with fries that were a little too salty for my taste, but were good. The only thing I didn't touch on that plate were the dastardly tomatoes. I don't like tomatoes, and they didn't look good, so they got to sit and bask in the sun. Haha tomatoes. Mom ordered the salmon and said it was spectacular, and my sister ordered an average french toast.As I said, service was very good, nothing to complain about here. He nailed the recommendation on the chicken salad. Next time I have to try the red velvet waffle...sounds delicious! A rare 5 star review for Terrace!
5	My wife & I were in Ballantyne for five days, we were staying at the aLoft who recommended the Terrace Cafe our first night.  The dinner & service was so great that we went back an additional 4 times.  We enjoyed a breakfast, a couple lunches and a final dinner, all were lived up to the first night.  Some of the best freshest food I have had in a long time.  Thanks Terrace Cafe
4	I have been to this location once and the south park location.  We came here because of a newspaper ad of their red velvet waffles!  Both locations I have ordered the red velvet waffles with fruit and is Kevin has ordered the smores French toast.  Guilty breakfast for us, but they have been a treat.  Both are very good!  Look forward to it again.
4	Great place for Sunday brunch! It's totally worth the wait! We visited on Sunday and everyone got something different and of course I tried everything I would recommend the biscuits and gravy, red velvet waffles and shrimp and grits....needless to say I was not disappointed but whatever you do get a side of crispy bacon...because no brunch is complete without bacon!!! Yum!
2	Terrible service!  Menu was okay but my tenderloin came out undercooked.  Won't be returning.
2	This is NOT the best brunch in Charlotte. It's a small chain located in a shopping plaza full of families with their 2 strollers and screaming children. The food was decent but I'm sad I made a drive this way for brunch.
3	I've been here twice for lunch now. Both times I tried something new and both times the food has been excellent! The first time I had the grilled cheese. Very delicious for a childhood favorite. The second time I had a club sandwich off of their specials menu. It was super flavorable. The only reason I knocked it down a couple stars was the fact that their non-smoking section was outside. If you are a non-smoker you instantly get punched in the face with cigarette smoke as soon as you walk in the door.
5	I'm officially making Terrace Cafe my go-to place for Sunday brunch! Sundays are always my lazy days and Terrace's relaxed patio complements my "I'm going to bum all day" mood. Outside seating is amazing on a sunny afternoon (somehow, it is the perfect breeze and sun ratio)I tried Terrace for the first time and after about 15 minutes of contemplation (because everything sounded so scrumptious), we landed on the Low Country Eggs Benedict (the special of the day) and a delightful quiche. Silly me. I said I would come and try the raved Red Velvet Waffles, but sadly.. I was near exploding capacity once i finished my plate. Not only is the food delicious, the portions are grand. The veggies that came with the salad were crisp and the fruits oh so fresh. The best part - prices are so reasonable! Around $10 I would say for most meals. Oh Terrace.. I can't wait to come back and finally try the red velvet waffles. I've been dreaming everyday since.. sigh*
4	I understand that the Charlotte area doesn't possess the food scene to end all food scenes. And locals can dock me cool points for saying so, but a set of foodie friends from the area have tended toward a few standbys for their culinary cravings rather than branching out and telling me about all the great new places they're finding all the time.Terrace Cafe is one such standby, and as a visiting patron, the one I know best. My first Terrace visit, to the Piedmont Row location, was such a treat that I was more than excited to hear that a location opened up in Ballantyne, closer to where my friends lived. Dock me a few more cool points for picking on your sprawl, Charlotte, but the commute into Southpark from Fort Mill is a bit much.A recent trip was typical of Terrace's high standard. Let me start with this: Bacon Bloody Mary. I'm not sure why this isn't available everywhere at all hours, but Terrace is one of the first places I can remember seeing it. A friend ordered it, to my great envy, and loved every moment of the experience. I'm told it's got some heat, but still, get a little extra spicy, and -- take it away, Jack White -- make the sweat drip out of every pore. (Can I get some of those cool points back now?)Our orders arrived faster than some of our drinks, save the obligatory waters in their Dali-esque curved glasses. This speed could make one wonder if they hadn't been on a trip to the nuke-atorium. But the food quality allayed all such thoughts. My salmon eggs Benedict (not smoked salmon, mind you, but full fledged mini fillets of the fresh catch) came out very flavorful, with eggs on top that had just the right amount of ooze. From omelets to shrimp and grits to Benedicts, we were all sated, though my one friend wasn't quite satisfied until he fished out the last bits of bacon from the bottom of his glass.There are a few borderline signature dishes here -- the s'mores French toast or the red velvet waffle, perhaps -- but the key is that at Terrace Cafe, it's all pretty damn good. Eggs and dead-animal-variation-du-jour Benedict? I'm there. And that's more than enough to keep us coming back.
4	I originally fell in love with Terrace Cafe after going to the Southpark location on my lunch hour. So naturally, when I moved to the Ballantyne area I was thrilled that I'd still be within walking distance on the weekends as well! The food is amazing, they serve breakfast through lunch and have come up with some pretty creative breakfast items (my favorite, the berry split, just trust me!). They also serve some healthier items for both breakfast and lunch which are marked on the menu, making it very easy to go here if you are trying to watch what you eat. But don't fear, you really don't lose any flavor with those choices! Despite how great their food is, and the nice ambiance, I couldn't give it a five out of five stars for one pretty big reason. I would not suggest going here outside of peak lunch hours (and brunch hours on the weekends). It seems like they staff the lunch hour with the best of the best servers, but once that small time-frame is over, they bring in some pretty terrible, lazy servers to fill in. Not sure why that is, but it has certainly ruined some late-lunches for me and from what I've heard, some of my friends. Such a shame, but at least you can be confident you'll have a great experience and great food during lunch!
5	I came back to try the Red Velvet Waffle and chose grits as my side. The cream cheese drizzle is definitely what harmonizes the dish. If you haven't had the chance, free up some time and give this place a try. LOVE TERRACE CAFE!See delicious photo.. NOW :)
3	This place can be great, but is just good.  The menu is creative and exciting, and that is part of the problem.  It builds up expectations to a point that the kitchen cannot execute.  I had the hangar steak and it was fantastic.  Unfortunately, the appetizers and my friends entrees did not match up.  For starters, we had sausage and cheddar bills which had virtually no flavor and fried green tomatoes which were nothing special. One of my friends had trout wrapped with bacon, which we all wanted to order, but she ended up having trouble finishing it it was so mediocre.  Overall, an okay experience but could be so much more.
5	Breakfast and service at the Ballantyne location was fantastic! I definitely plan on returning and making sure I let everyone know about it.
4	So this was a place recommended by a co-worker to try out, so I did.  The place has a very upscale look and their menu is creative.  I did order the Red Velvet Waffle and, I have to admit, was really good.  The dining experience and the food was overall wonderful.  So why haven't I've gone back since my initial visit, well because they are expensive for a place that specializes in breakfast.  They do accept the local "Ballantyne Card" (giving 15% off), but only during the weekday morning hours (I went at lunch).  If you don't mind spending more and/or want to impress somebody, the Terrace Cafe does the job.
1	Food was alright but customer service left a lot to be desired.
4	Sunday Brunch Today was my only visit to this location, I will NOT review the other location!  Food seems almost Identical in both!Chocolate Chip Pancakes are VERY Good, very close to 4 stars,  finishing touch, Powdered Sugar is sprinkled on top... Butter included, though none needed... Never seen this version, instead of Dropping the Chips into the Pancake right after pouring the Batter on the Grille (how I make mine) they put some chocolate chips on the Pancakes after they came off the grill... Did they forget or is this Terrace Cafe protocol for Chocolate Chip Pancakes???  Still very Good Flavor!Red Velvet Waffle with Cream Cheese "Drizzle" ... Light and Fluffy the way my Girlfriend (Wife) LOVES them!!!  She enjoyed this very much... I thought the flavor was that of a regular Waffle and Red Color... It was not what I ordered and has no effect on the yelp star rating on MY review!Chicken and Apple Sausage (not house made) was grilled very nicely and had good flavorTheir House Made Sausage I do NOT like the flavorHash Browns... Not my style! still almost three stars on this dish... I LOVE Cubed and Fried version, this one is shredded and browned on each side...DULL and seems undercooked in the middle or maybe needs to be Cooked longer!!!  More Browned to be Crunchier...Grits were AWFUL... Our Waitress Warned me I would not like them and I already knew the Hash Browns are not the Style I like or I ordered them anyway and I'm mainly writing this part because I appreciate her telling me upfront that I would NOT like them!  Honest Staff are a HUGE Asset if the Owner is listening : Note to the Owner : You could do MUCH Better in the areas of : Sausage, Hash Browns and especially GRITS!!!Nice Looking Place the Service is Excellent much like the South Park version...GREAT Play list... First you can only hear the Music if you are really paying attention or in the Restroom (which is GREAT) "Rubberband Man" was playing when I was visiting Men's Room, Great "Spinners" Tune and fitting!
5	Been here for brunch twice and everyone in our group loved everything they ordered. Some of the highlights of what our group ordered were the red velvet waffle, banana nut french toast and their spicy bloody mary.Consistently good food, good wait staff. Deserving 5 stars.Recommend reserving ahead of time to skip the wait.
4	I have officially been here three times now and every time has been yummy!! Chicken and Waffles; Breakfast Casserole; and the Banana nut french toast.. these are the things I have tried here. I have yet to venture outside of the breakfast/brunch bubble but you can better believe I will try dinner sometime soon.The waitstaff is decent and the ambience/decor is also perfectly fine... my mom and I have been here twice and we both find all the curved glasses and silverware strange but they aren't bad.  I come here because the food is so good!! I've only had one thing here I didn't like and that was a side item. It was the hashbrowns, however my mom likes them so it's probably just me. Their grits are also really good in my opinion and I'm picky about those.  The chicken is well cooked (not overdone), the breakfast casserole was flavorful, and the banana nut french toast was absolutely sinful!! Oh I've also had a blueberry muffin here and that tasted store bought (so two things I wasn't impressed with). Everything else fully makes up for two random items though, as they are just marvelous!! Next time I'm going to hope for a fabulous quiche of the day!! I love that this place is so close to my house, and I will definitely be back soon!!
4	I really like Terrace, and I like that they are locally owned and operated. While I cut my teeth at the Piedmont Row location, I found this Ballantyne restaurant to be fulfilling as well.The space was once something else...and I ate there once. It wasn't very memorable. So I was super excited to see that Terrace was moving in. Having been for dinner (3 stars), I direct my attention to their extensive breakfast and brunch offerings (5 stars). I have had several menu items here, but the standouts are:* Oatmeal (so, so good)* Omelette with tomato, spinach and mozz (if they feel like letting me have mozz that day, since it's not on the omelette menu)* RED VELVET WAFFLE (not for the faint of heart. quite sweet.)* Blueberry pancakes I appreciate that they're trying to do the dinner thing, but it's just not happening. I'd recommend going for breakfast/lunch (they serve breakfast every day until 2:30). I'm getting hungry... Who wants to meet me for lunch?
3	I like the terrace cafe, but since they changed their menu I think it has gone slightly downhill.  Lot of grese and oil in their dishes.  The one in Piedmont row is better and I feel the food is fresher.
2	I don't know why I torture myself.  It's been over a year since I've been to Terrace Cafe and didn't have a great experience the last time, but I thought we'd try it one more time.  It's Mothers Day, and they don't take reservations but do call ahead seating.  We called at 11:00 am and were told it would be 2 hours but to show up at 12:40.  Fine, we waited at home, and since I knew it would be crowded and I hate crowds this is fine with me.  I had a party of 6 which included my 2 children both under 5.  The place was very busy, and since it was gorgeous outside there were A LOT of people eating outside.We were promptly seated (good thing), and greeted by Adam, our server who took our drink orders.  I then opened the menu and saw that "to better serve us, they were only serving breakfast on Sunday", well crap I wanted lunch but then saw they had a few "specials" which were "lunchy".  My party ordered and we're off to the races.So we're waiting.....and waiting, and waiting.  50 minutes later, after my Dad took my daughter for a walk and the food STILL wasn't there I informed Adam that I was tired of waiting for my food and he said they "were doing everything possible" to get my food out, but they were backed up.  He must have said something to the Manager because he stopped by and by this time it was a full hour after I placed my order.  He explained to me that we were still 7 or 8 tickets back.....I immediately went into "jerk mode" and told him that it sounded like poor management to me.  He got defensive and told me that it indeed, wasn't poor management.  Au contraire mon frere, that is EXACTLY the definition of poor management!  When you're menu is 98% breakfast which is more "custom" and you're in Ballantyne on a holiday you do either one of 2 things......you staff up, or you cater your menu to some breakfast, some brunch and some lunch which will speed things up and not cause your customers to sit over an hour to wait for their dang food.  He then went on to say that he understood if we wanted to leave!  Who trained this guy?  Was he trying to get us to leave?  He then came back a few minutes later to inform us that we were in fact, only 2 tickets back.  After 1 hour, I was not leaving on principle!Ok, so the food comes after 1 hour and 5 minutes, can you tell I was staring at my watch the whole time?  My Prime Rib hash, I have to be honest was pretty good.  There was a nice amount of Prime Rib chunks, mixed in with onions, peppers and potatoes, there were 2 over medium eggs on top and everything blended well together.  Sweetie had the Lobster Salad also which she said was delicious and she enjoyed it.  My number 1 Child had the 3 pancakes and 1 strip of bacon kids meal.  We thought since my 2 yr old doesn't eat much we could have her share one pancake but the pancakes were basically 1 regular pancake cut with a cookie cutter to make 3 pancakes....VERY CHINCHY IMO.  It was served with fruit which was ok, except for the bad cantaloupe which was replaced swiftly by the manager.  I did notice they charged $3.50 for a side of 3 pieces of bacon which should be against the law.My issue with this experience was, with as long as it took to get my food and eat, it was a total of over 2 hours spent here.  The time spent to tastiness of the food ratio was very off which will cause me not to return, ever.  After scrolling down the rest of the reviews, maybe I'm the only person in S. Charlotte who doesn't get this place.  Oh well!
3	Slow!  Food is really good, though.
4	This is a casual, yet stylish, restaurant in Ballantyne Village. Expect a friendly staff and moderately priced entrees. I highly recommend the fried green tomatoes and the Terrace Fried Chicken.
4	Went on Father's Day and realized they only serve breakfast  on Sundays as they are only open until 2. No big deal. Omelette was pretty good and menu items reasonably priced. My only issue was that no itemized bill when check came and found out hours later that I double tipped. I was with part of a party of 8 but still should've been notified "tip was included". Just be on the watch out for that and you should enjoy yourself with no problem. Just kind of annoyed I wasn't notified. Ask about private rooms to eat.
1	Tried this place for the first time on July 4 for breakfast, since it is so close to where we live and got great reviews. The hostess was excellent and seated us quickly. We then sat for 15 minutes with open menus, watching wait staff serving people all around us who came in after us. We decided we'd had enough and left. The hostess was mortified and, to her credit, offered to intervene. We declined but thanked her for her efforts. With respect to service, there is either a management or training problem in this place-haven't figured out which. Since it's been open for more than one year, it can't be a start-up issue. We've been in restaurants far bigger and more crowded than this with better service.
5	Had brunch there for the first time with my family and we pretty much licked our plates clean. Best veggie omelet [the "Y" one] ever and really awesome coffee...their iced sugarfree hazelnut latte specifically! Everything was cooked perfectly, with fresh jam and fresh fruit. The service was also outstanding. If I lived in the condos across the street I'd be there every weekend!
1	Such an unfortunate situation. I was really looking forward to my first experience in this restaurant. Went with 3 friends for dinner Saturday night and I ordered the scallops and risotto and sadly my food was so salty that I could only eat 1 scallop before I told the waiter; which instead of apologizing or at least offering something else instead he said to me "good feedback". After that he took my plate and later on when our checks were ready I was charged for something I didn't even eat and they were at fault. After making the night uncomfortable to my friends, the manager came and gave me an apology and that he had "discounted" my entree after I couldn't even eat my food and ended up paying 15 dollars for no dinner...what kind of management is that?! Anyway, after having such an amazing service like Del Frisco's across the street from this place...I won't be coming back.
5	I was a little nervous with the name, cafe sound small and limited. The place was great, good beer and good food.
4	Eggs Benedict was great however the chicken was a little dry for the Chicken & Waffles. Service was spot on and the syrup was very good as well. I would definitely go back.
3	I can't recommend the food.  My bruschetta was very disappointing -- bread too dry, toppings extremely onion-y, cheese not the right type.  The chicken sandwich wasn't bad itself, but the side of cole slaw was inedible -- one bite only, so bitter.  The prices aren't bad at all, and there's an enjoyable patio -- but the food won't draw me back anytime soon.
3	I was a cheerleader for Terrace Cafe of Ballantyne. But lately, my favorite, 'breakfast casserole' , has turned out not fresh, burnt on the bottom and 'hard' on the inside. I have been quite disappointed and complained to the waitress who said 'I'm sorry'.I remember a piping hot, soft and delicious breakfast casserole.. But the last three times it has been a great disappointment.
2	After seeing such rad reviews about this area. I am quite thoroughly disappointed. We had come on a beautiful sunday afternoon at 1:30pm. Our host has sat us (group of 4 people, including one child) in the wrong section where absolutely no servers inquire us for 20 minutes. For the first time ever in my dining experience, I stood up to ask for the manager whom bleakly apologize, grabbed the closest server who showed mild irritation while taking our orders. The orange juice is really delicious. The decor is wonderful and beautiful. However our breakfast came out cold. Chicken and waffles, croque madame, shrimp and grits and a kids entree. The wait was too long. Bland to our taste buds. Our server came by only twice. One to take our order & the second to give us our check. Upon exiting, the nonchalant manager was just sitting by the bar watching the football game. I don't know an experience that can get more flabbergasted than this. I would like to give it a second chance to see what others are raving about but I just don't know from the lack of treatment from this establishment.
3	The food is normal nothing splendid that you can not get anywhere else. The wait for seating and food is just not worth it.I'm not going back.FYI they don't take  reservations.
4	Oh my wow! I love this place! As pointed out to me by my cousin, they are known for their breakfast selections, so I'm VERY glad that they still served breakfast when we got there around 2:30pm for a late lunch.My meal: red velvet waffle, hashbrowns, blueberry tea. ALL were fantastic! They don't have a very wide variety of teas from which to choose. It's the usual green, chamomile, black, earl grey, BUT the one unique choice they did have was blueberry. So of course, I had to go with that one. Yummy and sweet.The waffle was like melt in your mouth good. I asked for whipped cream to add to the cream cheese icing already on top. Very impressed with the hashbrown presentation, too. It's not like the scattered hashbrowns you'll get at waffle house or IHOP. It's neatly shaped into a circle, giving it a nice crisp all around. Salted/seasoned just right too, so it's not bland whatsoever.I did look through their lunch choices, but breakfast definitely sounded much more appetizing. So for sure go for breakfast food and not dinner or lunch.
5	Love this place!! My family and I moved here from Houston. We always enjoyed going to cafe and small places like this that serves yummy breakfast, one of the best omelets ever, YMCA omelet! :) Lunch is also pretty yummy. We need to come for dinner one day.
4	i had a great experience with the food. i took my boyfriend there for his birthday. I had the chicken and waffle, side of fried green tomato  which was amazing. He had the red velvet waffle and sausage. Everything was perfect but the waitress. she was extremely rude and no help. the other waitress were very helpful on their tables. that was the only thing that wasnt great.
4	Do yourself a favor and get the chicken and waffles! I've been here a few times now, and the first time I got the biscuits and gravy. Good, not great. After that I decided to get the chicken and waffles. They are amazing! I'm not a chicken and waffle connoisseur, but I do appreciate boneless crispy fried chicken and a good waffle. Together, they are awesome. You also get a choice of fruit, hashbrowns, or grits. I always get the hashbrowns, and then never eat them, you really don't need them. On Sundays they offer a $5 mimosa, and bloody marry special after 12. The mimosas are very good, not too much juice and a good choice of champagne. The wait staff is always really nice and the hostesses try their best to get you seated as quickly as possible. They do not take reservations for breakfast, only for dinner (but really truly go for breakfast) so there is most of the time a wait before noon (between 15-30 minutes depending on the size of your group). Great spot for brunch, I try to get everyone there at least once!
4	I came here just for the red velvet waffle. I had heard so many good things about it and the waffle definitely exceeded my expectations. It was delicious and very sweet! I would for sure order it again!
5	Lovely place; went for brunch Sunday lots variety on menu, had quiche w/salad n fruit!
3	Showed up on a late, rainy Sunday morning for brunch.  The seating capacity of this restaurant is very limited during inclement weather, so when they get busy under these conditions, expect a 15-25 minute wait.  Sorry, no reservations are taken for breakfast-brunch.  Had the lamb frittata and my companion the eggs benedict. The frittata is served with a copious amount of lamb and goat cheese, which blew the egg portion of the frittata away.  The lamb was well cooked, but was rather blandly seasoned.  The lamb was cut into many rather thick "chunks", rather than thinly sliced which would have been more appropriate. The benedict was above average, but not exceptional.  The eggs and canadian bacon were well prepared, but a rather drab hollandaise sauce held the dish back.  They prepare fresh jam for bread sides which was very good. The service was also very good.  Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant if one is in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
5	Everything here is good! I mean everything! Fried Green tomatoes are a must every time you order. Tip well people!
5	Yes! Right down to the saltrd caramel latte. Yes!Had the trio with lobster bisque, lentil soup and an grown up grilled cheese. I would like to say it took me about 15 mins to pick. It was rough. So many good choice. My friend had the chicken and waffles and loved it. I LOVE Charlotte for this place alone. I need to return and try everything else. I can say my only con was the service. I guess I'm just used to more personable servers in the South which I love. Thats all.
4	The lemon poppyseed French toast, one of the daily specials, was amazing - even if there was no resemblance to French toast. It was three thick slabs of very good lemon poppyseed bread that had been grilled and slightly crisped on the edges and then drizzled with a lemon sweet sauce and berries on the side. Get this... It's great. But overpoweringly sweet and carb-y, so I also got eggs and toast and a side of fried green tomatoes. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly done, with a crispy nice exterior and a firm tart green tomato interior.  The aoli sauce that comes on the side is necessary but also really good. I asked for eggs to be over easy, stressing that I needed the white to be completely cooked and I preferred the yellow to be runny. Unfortunately the white, while cooked on the outside edge, was still very much raw. Sourdough toast is great and served with a side of strawberry preserves that were also not too sweet but perfect. The generic breakfast platter comes with eggs meat potatoes and toast/pancakes. This platter was all very average and nothing that couldn't easily be accomplished at home for far less money. If I come here again, I will stick with one of the sweet specialties like the poppyseed French bread and simply order a side of eggs ($2.5) or fried green tomatoes ($3).
1	I had a terrible experience at this restaurant . I frequent this restaurant a lot and this is the first time that I have ever been asked to leave because the waitress wanted to have more tips from the next patrons to be seated. We had breakfast, cashed out the first check with 20% tip, then preceded to order Mimosas on another check as we sat and talked. The waitress then approached the table and asked us to vacate because we were affecting her tips. We had spent $65 in 2 hours and tipped 20% which equalled 13.00 in tips alone. We asked for the manager and asked him if there was a time limit on each table where he said no, we then asked why his waitress felt empowered to ask us to leave. Just so you know we will now eat at the other breakfast spots in the area,NOT THIS ONE. Just terrible.
5	Food was delicious. Drinks were cold and perfect. I had the red velvet waffle and it was amazing. My bf had an omlette and said it was the best omlette he had ever had. I can't wait to move here and bring all my MA friends here! They also serve breakfast until 2:30 for you late risers ;) I can't wait to come back and try their lunch and dinners. If they are anything like their breakfast then I am in for a treat!
1	Food was terrible and bad, bad atmosphere, will not visit again. Felt sick afterwards.
3	I wanted to give this place 4 stars but on 2 occasions we have had ho-hum experiences. But overall, the place is great, we typically go for Sunday brunch. Ask your server or bartender for the spicy bloody mary, sometimes it is on a specials menu, but they will always make it for you if you ask, it is with absolute peppar instead of plain absolut. Yummo! On this most recent visit, just last Sunday, it was a gorgeous warming sunny day after 2 very cold, windy and wet days and when we arrived, we noticed they weren't serving outside on their patio. And there was an hour wait. We were flabbergasted they weren't using the patio and asked the hostess why...she said, "oh, well, we kinda didn't think it would be as nice as it is, so we didn't set it up". Wow, we thought...you all don't check the weather? And better yet, why not change at the last moment, when it got to 65 degrees and the sun was shining, get someone out there to set it up! Since the wait was so long we got our bloody mary's from the bar and were actually allowed to sit outside at a bare table and bask in the sunshine before our timer buzzed and we were seated...indoors. Very weird. That said, I usually order the benedict over filet and or the first time, my eggs were not overcooked, they were delightfully runny and perfect (this would be the other ho-hum experience we had when we first started going there, my eggs would almost be hard boiled not poached-on one occasion I actually sent it back and they cut 25% off the check) ! My filets were cooked to perfection as well this round. My teenage daughter had the benedict florentine and loved it as well, but her favorite is usually the red velvet waffle. My fiance had an omelet. All was excellent and the service was good too, and always is on each visit. Terrace Cafe is a great stop for brunch, I highly recommend it!
2	Deb and I dined here last night. She has a favorite salad, and I was going to try one for the first time. Her salad had steak added, which she has really liked in the past. However, about 25% of the meat was gristle. For an entree salad, mine was curiously tasteless, nothing outstandingly bad, but the grilled chicken had no flavor and the salad was completely monotone and boring. Not well thought out. A very disappointing meal.
4	My husband and I came here for breakfast. I had an omelette and a cinnamon bun latte which I HIGHLY recommend. It was DELICIOUS. They should bring back the S'mores French Toast though!! :'(
5	Cannot say enough good things about this place.  Wonderful staff, very comfortable environment and always trying to please.  The only negative is the parking which they have no control over so be prepared to park in the parking deck down the block. No hold barred the best chicken and waffles that I have ever had, and if you really want to go off the hook try the red velvet waffles.  If you want tasty try the chicken lolly pops and the biscuits with the pepper jam.  Just plan to get there early or have reservations.  One of my favorite places.
4	Staying at a hotel in Charlotte with no car so I needed a place I could walk to from the Ballantyne hotel. Consulted Yelp! and the Terrace Cafe came up near the very top. It's a short walk across a few very busy streets to a center with lots of food choices.They server breakfast until 2:30, and it looked tempting. Almost went for the fried green tomatoes and a regular breakfast but decided to get something I can't find in my neck of the woods - shrimp and grits.The food was outrageous. The shrimp and grits was topped with fried okra. Very yummy. Very surprised that the service was not good. I arrive at 1:30 on a Monday and the place was almost empty. It took a while to get seated and while the initial contact with the server was prompt, I barely saw him again after he delivered my food. Took forever for him to bring my check and I was the about the only one there! This should have been a five star review. Not well managed when I was there.
3	This place was good, good service good food, not the best but good . I gave it 3 stars because it is very pricey .
4	Terrace cafe is located in a beautiful area of shops where that are very well maintained the atmosphere of the area is truly great.  You can eat outside with a great view or inside.This was my first time here and wow the specialty items make this place worth going.  I had the banana pecan french toast which was amazing.  The fresh ingredients and flavor made this worth the fat grams I ate!  My girlfriend had the Carrot cake waffles which also were amazing I was so stuffed after eating here.  It is very rich food my suggestion to all is if you want specialty items go here like the waffles and french toast.  If you just want eggs ham ect go elsewhere only because it is a little pricey compared to most places.
5	Holy cow. I had the chicken and waffles, it couldn't have been better. Each would be perfect in their own right, together they were fantastic. My wife had the SEC Biscuit and she loved it too. The service was very good and fast. They sat us immediately at 12:30 on a Sunday. We will definitely go back.
4	Figured I'd try this place out while taking a vaca day from work during the week. I assume it can get pretty busy on weekends. The hash browns are to die for!  They could be a meal in itself. The red velvet waffle was amazing of course. I will definitely be going back!
1	Their website states they are open all day sunday...arrived at 2:38...They said they closed at 230 even though I saw ppl still ordering food.  Manager was not very accommodating considering we drove 30 miles to eat there....I was very sad....
5	This is, hands-down, my favorite place to eat. The red velvet waffle, crabcakes, and lemon poppyseed french toast are staples! Staff is always friendly and attentive. Will return soon!!
4	Great service and great breakfast. Love taking the kids there for their birthdays. Makes them feel special and you can actually get semi healthy breakfast there.
4	We were here for a bridal brunch and I was pretty impressed with the food--the quality, quantity, variety, and prices.  Everything we ordered presented quite nicely everyone enjoyed their meals.  We ordered everything from the fruit platter (served with greek yogurt and a coffee cake), to chicken and waffles, quiche, pancakes, etc.  The only issue I had was the bacon was like translucent...there was very little meat, mostly just crispy fat.  Very thin.  It was odd.The mimosas were perfectly balanced and the private room was perfect for the 8 of us.  The service was so-so and the management was not super helpful while planning the event but we will let that slide for now.  Overall--solid brunch spot and a lovely environment for a bridal party!  We enjoyed it!!
2	Just okay, not worth a return trip. Service was good, the outdoor seating area is great, but the good is lackluster.
3	Mini-bisquits were good. Bruchetta was ok, nothing to write home about. I had the Shrimp & Grits. Entree was good there just wasn't enough for the price ($16). Had there been a little more, I would say defiantly order this. My wife had a burger, the only on eon the menu and she throughly enjoyed it. Others ordered the Cobb salad and said it was good. The Fett with shrimp was tasty. Over all, the food was good. Not sure if we'll go back but I wouldn't let that keep you from trying it.
5	This is by far our favorite breakfast joint in Charlotte. My wife ordered the eggs Benedict Florentine and I got the biscuits and gravy. Both were amazing! The good was incredibly fresh and everything was homemade. Even the plating was top-notch. The food was so good we both had to share! It was (by far) the best biscuits and gravy dish I've ever had in my life and the eggs Benedict dish was to die for. Service was friendly and the wait time for seating was manageable.  Also, the prices were very reasonable (amazing actually for this caliber of food).  The biscuits and gravy dish was $9 and eggs Benedict/Florentine was $11.50 - when you consider this is what you'd pay at IHOP for inferior food, I'd say this place is a steal. Recommending this place to all friends and family. Go there - you won't regret it!
4	We have eaten at the restaurant several times as we enjoy the food and last night brought friends (another couple) as it was one of their birthdays.  In the afternoon called and spoke with a hostess to tell her would like "happy birthday" written on the plate on whatever dessert was ordered.  When we arrived at the restaurant ran in ahead and mentioned it to the hostess (different than the one spoke with on the phone).  When we did in fact order dessert there was no acknowledgement of a birthday with either a candle or writing on the plate.  It was a very slow evening so no excuse about being busy but just that the messages were not relayed to the waiter (who was very good by the way and not his fault).  This was disappointing as we wanted to finish off the evening with that surprise.  Called the manager this morning who apologized but absolutely no offer of a gift card for a dessert that could make this up to my friend.  That was not good business.
5	I just moved to Charlotte and I'm very happy to announce... I've found my brunch place. Terrace Cafe is the bomb.com and I know I will definitely be back to try some of the other things on their menu. I live in Rock Hill but drove to Ballantyne in search of some yummy brunch. I had tried  a couple hole in the wall places near Rock Hill but none were anything to write home about. This place most definitely did not disappoint. It was a Monday morning, so I can't really comment on what the weekend wait is like but we were seated immediately. The ambiance was nice; trendy but casual. Good for girlfriends, a brunch date with your significant other or even breakfast with the kids. Service was pretty good. Our server checked in a few times and our food was served in a good amount of time.I started with a Salted Caramel Latte. YUM. I saw that there was a bacon bloody mary, but I'm going to save that for a Sunday Funday. For the main entree, I ordered biscuits & gravy with hashbrowns and fruit. DAMN. The biscuits and gravy were out of this world. The biscuits tasted fresh and fluffy, while the gravy was definitely homemade and very flavorful. The hashbrowns were a little salty, but I like salty. They were also very crisp. Fruit was fresh a good variety of strawberries, grapes, raspberries - I don't really like that average fruit cup with just melon & pineapple, so I was pleased. The menu also had some very interesting items like Lobster Benedict, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and a Red Velvet Waffle that I would love to try. It may be a little premature to say this is the best breakfast in Charlotte but it's definitely a solid standby. If you're looking for a place, this is it.
5	I haven't found anything they don't do well.The service is average.The food tastes heavenly.I wish I could marry her as a second wife...
2	Pretty disappointing brunch experience.  The preparation was not unlike something you'd find in a common chain restaurant.  The service was inconsistent, overall, terribly underwhelming.
4	Updating my review of 6/26/14 as since have heard from management and they have addressed the problem in a prompt, courteous and professional manner.  We shall continue to dine at the restaurant as there was no issue with the food but with the staff and the way a request was handled.  We look forward to another visit in the near future.  Thank you Stewart.
2	Turkey omelet was flavorless and cold. It looked like the just threw every on the pan. Very unappetizing looking also. Chi tea was extra sweet. Not a place I would go back to
5	Ahead breakfast here after a 14 mile run this am. Got right in and sat at a 2-top pub table in the bar area.  Finally took the plunge an ordered the shrimp and grits. Amazing! Best breakfast ever! Service was over the top as well. Never less than 1/2 full on coffee and the nicest waiter! Will definitely be back!
4	This is one of my favorite places to enjoy Sunday brunch.    Some of their popular items are: red velvet waffle, fried green tomatoes and their chicken and Apple sausage.   I love their French toast as well.   There are some choices to choose from.   All delicious.   You can't go wrong here.  Also, I love the Sunshine cocktail.  So make sure you go after 12pm on Sundays.
3	I believe I have tried the 'breakfast casserole' for the last time. (Sadly) I tried it for one final time for breakfast a few days ago (July 2014) and it was presented to me in this huge gigantic blob, it was hard and it was cold... I sent it back but with no further luck, I took the rest home and gave it to my dogs. What used to be a hot delicious delicate flaky casserole that melted in your mouth has now become a nightmare. I will not be ordering it from the menu anymore, in fact, I recommend that they take it off of the menu.... Somewhere out there is some great chef that obviously does not work at Terrace Cafe anymore!
4	I have passed this place tons of times but never been in! My mom was coming into town and wanted a great little brunch place and this seemed like te perfect spot! When we showed up at 11 I thought we might be beating some of the crowds, but no luck there. 45 minute wait. There is always a crowd here, but that is usually the sign of delicious food!! We were seated outside and it was a nice cooler day (in the fall this would be perfect!!) I had an omlet with a few veggies in it while my mom had the turkey and egg white omlet. The hashbrowns were so amazing. Crispy and delicious! Food is definitely worth the wait alone. Service was wonderful and he was personable and contributed even more to an already pleasant brunch. I heard many things about the red velvet waffle but just couldn't bring myself to order it. They also have a coffee bar type set up behind the actual bar so I imagine their coffee drinks are delicious as well. A great little spot for brunch if you are close by!
4	The red velvet waffle and fried green tomatoes were just OK for me. I was expecting my tastebuds to dance for joy based off the reviews. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but not out of this world good. If you order the waffles make sure you taste it without syrup first, because the cream cheese frosting is already sweet. Save your calories for the shrimp & grits and ask for their homemade hot sauce for an extra kick. Scott was our server for brunch and he was friendly, attentive, and quick. Great experience overall and with a variety of food on the menu, this is a great spot for brunch with a large or small group.
5	Best breakfast in Ballantyne! I hate that the parking could impact their success, this place is really good and service is always top notch. Worth the Sunday morning wait....
3	Walking into Terrace Cafe, you automatically get a cute bistro feel in the Ballantyne shopping center. It's right next to a movie theater so it's perfect if you want to grab brunch and day movie with some friends. The parking was a little annoying but worth it once you sit on the terrace on a nice day.  I got the chicken and waffles - which was surprisingly comparable to one's I've tried at other restaurants. The chicken was very tender on the inside and crisp on the outside.  The waffle wasn't that sweet but it was the perfect addition to the savory chicken.  My brunch partner had the strawberry pancakes. They weren't really worth getting. Literally pancakes made with some strawberries cooked to the bottom and a few fresh ones on top.  You couldn't taste the fruit cooked into the pancake itself much and there were only a few fresh berries on top. It's hard to find places like terrace cafe in this area of South Charlotte, so it's definitely a charm! Great atmosphere, great service, & good food (depending)
5	We ordered the oatmeal and this place exceeded our expectations. I will definitely eat here again if I'm in be area. Service was on point.
3	While I was vising family in Charlotte, I had a taste for some delicious Crab Benedict.  My sister referred me to this place for brunch and I was excited after seeing all the great reviews. As planned, I ordered the Crab Benefict. Very disappointed. It came out over cooked, basically burnt, and the Benedict itself was very dry. The apple sausage was amazing however. Just very disappointed in the overall outcome of my meal.  My sister's red velvet waffles were also amazing, as she offered me some of her brunch. The setting was nice although a bit cramped. Although a place may be in a popular neighborhood, that doesn't necessarily mean the food will be up to par. I've been to diners with better benedict. So overall I gave this place 3 stars.
5	I came with a large group for a bridal party and had a great time! We were seated in a private room which was a bit tight but allowed us to have some privacy. Our server was great and the food was delicious! I recommend the red velvet waffles and salted caramel latte!
5	There are no words I can use to describe my love of this restaurant. I am a huge breakfast food eater and they serve it until 3 pm. The place is always packed for weekend brunch/lunch time so be prepared to wait unless you're willing to sit at the bar. That being said, the food and service are always top notch. I have had amazing eggs, sausage, hash browns, and French toast here. I keep meaning to try the red velvet waffles!! They have lots of unique drinks and a good beer selection. They are a little pricey if you're on a budget, but so worth splurging!!
2	Always have had good experience here but not tonight, dinner with group of friends had abysmal service. First waiter forgot our table and second waitress had a poor attitude when asked about very late food. Food was OK but definitely not as good as in the past.
5	I love Terrace! I get the Terrace fried chicken.  Service is ok. Sometimes takes a while but definitely worth the wait!
