5	This is the best selection of Mexican and Latin American goods that I could find around Dane County. Not only do they have all the frijoles and hot sauces I could need, but the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. When I lived downtown, I'd head all the way out to Monona so that I could be guaranteed a fine selection of ripe avocados. As far as cost is concerned, I suppose it all depends on how hungry you are. It is, after all, a grocery store.
4	I am a HUGE fan of authentic Mexican food. The Monona Super Tienda is a gem of a find. They have a large fresh meat counter with tons of well trimmed specialty cuts of beef and pork (some chicken). If you are preparing that authentic Mexican recipe this place has your meat and their prices are much lower than Woodman's. Now to the best part--The Taqueria. They have a small cook-to-order counter with assorted traditional meats and fillings for your fresh made taco, torta, or combo plate.The food is the most authentic Mexican fare that I have found anywhere at any price level in the Madison area. They also have a good selection of well priced produce and groceries and yes--the avocados are always ripe and low priced!They do have a small seating area with about 4 tables to eat at.
5	This is the place.  Now known as La Rosita. The grocery selection is fine, great hot sauce selection BUT go on a Saturday or Sunday when you can order freshly prepared taqueria food as good as any I've ever had, and I lived on Milwaukee's south side most of my life. The carnitas are terrific, just had to say it.  I bounce from the torta with your choice of meat (and bear in mind this is a butcher shop, so they make their own barbacoa and carnitas and marinated chicken, lengua, etc), to huaraches when you can get them, to just a simple soft taco.  This is the real deal, no Taco Bell Doritos taco here.  At $1.75 a taco, and they're huge, wow.  Oh, and the salsas they make are great, the red has a mighty nice zip.  Oh, final word - house made chorizo.  Holy crap.  OK, that was five words, but it's unlike any I've had before.  Complex, perfectly spiced, a slight hint of cinnamon, not greasy, simply great.  You can order it on to-go food at the taqueria on weekends, or by the pound in their butcher shop (raw).  I use half, freeze half.
