1	Not a big fan of this place to be honest. Last time i enetered the store the staff were uninterested and not friendly. I find the pricing ridiculous too considering the quality/quantity of some of the products!
4	As a guy I actually like Monsoon. I personally don't come in here and try on the prom dresses (although you bet I would if I could get away with it), but it has always appealed to me. This probably has more to do with how put off I am by most of the other high street shops. Bland, easily replicable styles, that consistently copy each other in an attempt to generate fashions so easy bucks can be made. I walk past H&M or even GAP and although there are some superficial differences there's very little variation except for quality of material and that one pays less wages to its slave children abroad.Maybe this doesn't sound like an opinion coming from a fashion expert, but the day I become one of those is the day I give up on every meaningful aspect of my life. But from a layman's point of view, I get bored by most cloth shops. Monsoon, at least, stands out. Its always seems two things to me, very colourful and very elegant. Those aren't things we see much in current woman's fashion, unless its vile 80s retro primary colours. Monsoon draws me eye with some genuine appreciation of their styles. This is all probably because of its original influence from ethnic clothing and boho-chic, avoiding the neutral vapidness of most clothing (though I too am equally guilt of falling into this). I can see what the others say about this being more for older women, but I for one would still appreciate this on the younger lady. I know girlfriend appreciates Monsoon, even if its from afar. It doesn't help that its a little on the pricey side, but so are all half decent quality clothes shops that don't make their clothes from the tears of sweat shop workers.At the end of the day Monsoon is just another high street clothing chain, but its one I think stands out just a little.Note: Monsoon is supposed to at least use fairtrade cotton, which is true is a plus.
