3	Chick-Fil-A is one of the fast food chains I will on occasion patronize-A.  You know why?  Because when I have some of their nuggets or strips and a fry I don't feel nauseous and greasy and heavy like I would if I had gone to BK or MCD or most of the other chains.And I really like the waffle fries.  If only Chick-fil-A had some cheese sauce for the fries.  Yum.The quality has been consistent.  So, while the food at Chick-fil-A is kind of bland at least it's decent and doesn't make me feel ill.
2	I like Chick-Fil-A but it's too expensive for fast food. There isn't anything about their food that makes me think a single chicken sandwich should be that price. Their fries need a ton of salt for me to enjoy them. I'd be lying if I said that their chicken wasn't good but I rarely come here unless I have one of those GET A FREE SANDWICH coupons. Otherwise I always feel like I'm getting ripped off.Also PS: Chick-Fil-A, being closed on Sunday does not make this Utah. You're still in Arizona where employees usually don't mind working on Sundays and customers get frustrated if a place is closed all day.
5	Lot s of Chick-fil-a stores around and all have the same food which is very good. BUT this one on Stapley has got to be judged by the perfect service and their great people. Even when the place is packed, you will be eating within 5 minutes and they will even bring it to your table. When you are ready to leave, they ask if they can take your take tray for you and are always cleaning and getting ready for the next customer. AND they will come around and ask if they can refill your drink for you.IT DON'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS.My assessment--chicken is chicken but the PEOPLE MAKE THE DIFFERENCE HERE! Ted Christy is the owner!South of hwy. 60 on Stapley at Inverness. I moved into an office right behind them and love the location.BOB  STEPHENS
2	I honestly don't like to write reviews about fast food places, because really, for the most part you get what you pay for, and there's nothing extraordinary, or un-extraordinary about the food usually...its just a quick easy fix.That being said - really not impressed with the Chick-fil-A on Stapley. I went through the Drive Thru tonight - Friday night around 9:30. There's literally no one inside and only one car in front of me. And yet they had me waiting at the window forever for my food. Most fast food joints - you're in, you're out, done deal. Not the case here, at least not tonight.I finally got my food, and the fries could barely pass as warm. I thought maybe the wait was because the guy was doing a new batch of fries, but no, these were quite stale, no salt, and pretty much cold within a short time.The soda - Diet Dr. Pepper - was watered down. There were like 8 people behind the counter just messing around not doing anything.And it cost me over $7 for a crappy meal. Lesson learned, will not be returning there.
4	Chick Fil A is one of my favorite fast food places. Their regular chicken sammiches are off the hook, their slaw is perfect with the right amount of creaminess, and their waffle fries are different but delicious. Plus their sauces are out of this world! I love the polynesian or chick fil a sauce to dip my fries in. Also terrific is their chargrilled chicken sammich which is also one of the healthiest fast food entrees around. Make sure you get the honey BBQ sauce to go with it. Whenever I need a healthy lunch, I always go here. I also love that you can get other sides besides the fries like fruit (the fruit cup has good fruits in it too like apple, strawberries, grapes, oranges), salads, etc. And how could I forget their oreo shake. Out of this world. This is the only place I get shakes from. About the only thing I have not cared for is their chicken salad sammich. It has egg in it which is a bit odd and just doesnt taste very fresh. Other than that, this place is great. I have never had any issues with service at any of the locations. The food is a bit overpriced but its better quality and tastes a lot fresher and lighter than other fast food chains.I do want to add one more thing: I am pretty sure that someone that worked for KFC early on before they become big formed Chick Fil a because their chicken breading tastes almost the same and the slaw is almost identical. Coincidence? I think not!
5	I don't understand low ratings for a chick-fil-a. They make the same thing everywhere and it's consistantly the same and good. Love it. Never had stale food or unfriendly service.
4	Always good for fast food...drive thur was very quick..  love the ketchup packets, I don't understand why every place dosent use these amazing packets
5	Rarely eat at any Chik-Fil-A.. but when i do it's always good.Now theres a chikfila less than a mile from my office, so i decided to stop by for lunch today. Got the 8 piece chicken nuggets- my first time ordering them, my only complaint is that they are kinda smalll.. but really good! next time ill get the 12 piecelove their waffle fries.. i dip them in mayo too.. yum..No drink cuz i have a can of Rootbeer in my office waiting for me..total meal was $5.02 not bad... i know chikfila can be expensive but if u have your own drink it can be a $5 meal.. You can make it happen :)the best part, FRIENDLY service! I was greeted by the mop guy with a smile and a "how are you"-  i'm from NYC, no one says HI there.. (now u know why i moved to arizona in September)The guy taking my order was cheerful too, he got my food in a Jiffy! KUDOS
5	Best fast food chicken nuggets.  Period.  I love this place.  I've picked up food for the family from this location at least 2 dozen times, and they have never messed up my order.  On top of that, service is always speedy and friendly.As far as fast food goes, it's tremendous!  Not sure how they make their chicken nuggets and patties (and probably don't want to know), but they always taste great.  Love their Ice Dream cups, also.One minor complaint:  the fries are hit or miss in regards to seasoning.  Sometimes, they put salt on the fries.  Other times it tastes like no one did.  It's a little annoying.  But that's the only complaint I have.  I love this place.  One of our favorite options for family food pick-up night (Thursdays in our household).
4	I'm giving it 4 stars simply because it's Chick-Fil-A. All Chick-Fil-A's should have at least 4 stars.  Unless it's a complete shithole, which I've never seen.  Nice staff, quick service in the drive thru.  Will be back.
4	This location is quick and just like other locations, very friendly. Did you know they have spicy chicken?!  Discovered this recently and...wow!!!  Sooooo good!!  I'm craving it all the time now!
5	I love Chick-Fil-A... the spicy chicken sandwhiches, the lemonade, the soup, the brownies... So I am a bit biased due to it being one of my mom's favorite fast food joints and a special out of town treat growing up (we didn't have these in my home state of Washington!). There's just something about chicken, pickles, and mayo that works. :-)
4	Sometimes you just end up at Chick-Fil-A. Sometimes it's the best plan. Not necessarily that you're craving gourmet chicken (because gourmet it ain't) but because it's close or convenient or fast or cheap or whatever.What they are doing right is reaching out to the community and making a local presence. They seem to focus on being a good neighbor. And all the moms I know swear by the place because it's good for kids. They have those adhesive placemats to keep junior's food off the table, they've got toys, and big playplace, and even a stool in the bathroom so kids can reach to wash their hands.The food? That's not even a close second. I had a wrap that was grocery story quality at best. I may have ordered wrong, but the chow is pretty forgettable. Maybe nuggets next time?
4	Chick-fil-a employees are always so friendly. Love eating their original chicken sandwich. Sometimes I get the nuggets with the buffalo sauce. The waffle style fries were great and the catsup packets are so convenient to use.
5	This location is great. The staff here is always friendly and helpful. The chicken is always served hot and fresh. The best white meat chicken I've seen at restaurants (dine in or fast food) in a while. Try the popcorn chicken with waffle fries and Chick-Fil-A sauce!
5	My favorite fast food place! Love the quality of food, the friendly staff, and the clean environment. Original chicken sandwich is my favorite!
4	Pricey, but the food is worth it!All things chicken; save the cows!Overall very good food, excellent service, but I think I paid $10 for 6 oz of grilled chicken. . .Oh yeah! Free boardgames to play while you eat.
1	Every single time I've come to this location, they forget my salad dressing. How hard is your job? Really? This is the closet location to my parents house, where I take my son swimming often during the week. It's 20 minutes away. We got all the way home and once again, no dressing. Must be my fault for continuing to come to this location and expecting someone to do their job correctly.
5	I love Chick-Fil-A.  Best chicken sandwiches anywhere!  They don't have them up in the northwest, so my wife and I always go out of our way to hit one up when we are in the area!  The people are always friendly and the food is, in my opinion, the best fast food available.  I also love that this place is closed on Sunday's (except when I'm hungry) so that workers are guaranteed an opportunity to spend time with family, etc.  There aren't many companies in corporate america that would do that!
5	This place tops the other Chick-fil-A restaurants I've been to. The service here is very polite and keeps any eye out if you need any drink refills. The presentation of the meal was superb and timely.
4	I've just returned to AZ after a long period of time in Seattle where there are no Chick-fil-a's. While I don't exactly agree with some of their corporate philosophies, including the whole silly closed on Sundays things, I still find myself craving that #4 spicy chicken combo.. Did you know you can order your sandwich bun-less and have them wrap it up in lettuce for you? It's certainly messier, but just as delicious.And I LOVE chick-fil-a sauce.. I swear they put crack in that stuff.. my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I can also recommend the honey mustard sauce even though its a tad too sweet for my taste.
5	As a gal from Georgia, I have had my fair share of Chick-fil-A - in fact, its one of my favorite places to go! This place is the best Chick-fil-a in Gilbert - very fast and so friendly!  My usual - class #1 with BBQ sauce, my husband gets the spicy chicken sandwich.  He likes to mix the ranch and buffalo sauce to have his fancy sauce! :) Again, this my favorite location - despite being busy, they are fast and always helpful!
