4	Stopped by on Saturday while they were finishing the build-out and offering a few people the chance to see the space, some of the goods, and the process.  Particularly like the open window where you can watch the bakers at work and the passion they seem to be putting into making this space more than just another strip knockoff of a famous place from elsewhere.  While pastries were unfortunately not available to the public during my walkthrough, Buddy was around teaching the team and coaching them on aspects of not only baking, but customer satisfaction in a very hands on way that I found impressive for a 'celebrity chef.'  More impressed than I'd have ever guessed by Buddy V's I'm looking forward to heading back here this weekend for a comprehensive tasting, particularly as the prices don't appear to have suffered the famous strip up-charge, instead harkening the original at Hoboken.
5	Carlo's Bakery. Yet another reason not to move back to the east coast, because Buddy has literally brought my home back to me! I couldn't have been more excited when the head waiter at Buddy V's told me it might be opening up! And now, the time has come! I attended the Grand Opening--Waiting in line was epic. Seriously. If it's gonna be similar to that everyday, I think I might go before the place even opens to reserve my butt a spot in line! Most of Buddy's family was there! Taking pictures, some even passing out snacks for the waiting people in line! They are super funny and customer service oriented!AMBIANCE: 5 - The bakery is organized, bright, and really visual-there's a ton of things to see. The amazing display cases, bakery merchandise lines the back, the artsy design of the bakery, and there is an open window outside where you can see the bakers at work. This window is right across from the mirroring window at Buddy V's! SERVICE: 5 - Service was amazing, fast, and efficient! Buddy really teaches his workers to be quick, considerate, and plain delightful!!!! If you don't know, here's how it works: First you order, then they retrieve your order and you pay. It's a fast and slow process.So, when there is a long line, be PATIENT. The long line is mainly because of the customers; everyone is crowded and confused and trying to get done quickly, yet at the same time, wanting to see all the display cases and having to wiggle their way around people! FOOD: 5 - The food is bomb, and just like I remember it. Well, for the most part! I ordered lobster tails, red velvet cake and cupcake, napolean, tiramisu, and cream puffs. *deep breath* I might get fat because of this! But dammit, I'll die happy!!! The lobster tail is still their specialty, and STILL the best dang dessert I've ever had. Can I get a hallelujah for the price though!? Down by $9! Thank goodness for those original prices. Actually, prices for -all- items really range and are pretty reasonable. For Grand Opening week they'll be open til midnight! Sooooo am I comin' back? Of course!!! I'll be a regular before you know it!
4	Welcome to fabulous Las Vegas, Carlo's Bakery! I ate at Buddy V's a couple weeks ago and one of the managers stopped at our table to check on us. After letting him know I was a "Cake Boss" fan, he let me know when the bakery would be opening and that contestants from "Next Great Baker" would be there. I obviously cleared my schedule for opening day! Carlo's Bakery (located inside The Venetian) is literally right across from Buddy V's and the pathway between them is a little more narrow than usual, so I wondered about how they were going to tame the long lines because there was no way there wouldn't be one.  The grand opening was at 6 pm, so I wanted to get there early hoping to beat some of the crowd. I had my hubby and 2 nieces with me and we arrived to Carlo's Bakery around 5 pm to find a long line formed already. Venetian security had a field day with this one! We found our place at the end of the line and even though there were a lot of people in front of us, the line only grew l-o-n-g-e-r behind us. I was thankful for the spot we had after seeing just how long the line got! I appreciated that we were given samples from Carlo's employees while we waited. So let me talk about the wait. WOW! It was almost a 4 hour wait from the time we first got in line and actually got inside the bakery. I know that is a long time, but it wasn't so bad with all the activity going on around us. Between the free samples and seeing people from Next Great Baker and Cake Boss go by and stop to talk to us and take pictures, it didn't feel like 4 hours and honestly was a freaking blast! Hubby was a real trooper holding our spot in line while we would take off to get our picture with Buddy, Grace, Danny, Mary and people from NGB. Poor Buddy! He really didn't have the proper help keeping people back (like I said the pathway is a little more narrow than usual) and at one point they did have a line to meet him, but they had to stop it because so many people were crowding around and there wasn't a clear path for the people walking by who had no idea what Carlo's Bakery even was lol. At one point, Buddy came back for pictures and my nieces and I were able to get a picture. After the picture, Buddy gave one of my nieces a great big hug and a kiss on her forehead. She was SO excited smiling bright and cried a little saying "I'm never washing my face again" ...bless her precious young heart! They both had a blast and it's one experience they will never forget, myself included!One inside the bakery, we were greeted and the girl who helped us was very friendly and helpful. it was kind of crazy inside the bake shop with people, so I just randomly picked out different things I could see. Ordering was quick, but getting what I ordered took a bit. While we waited (maybe 10 minutes) the sweet smell inside was heaven and I liked the open windows showing the bakers working. They have these windows not just inside the bakery, but outside too. When my name was called I went up to pay for my order and saw everything was packaged nicely. This was a great experience and I will most definitely be back!Lobster Tails ($5.95) - Excellent! Try this! It's flaky with a cream inside and a little Bailey's Irish Cream. This was my favorite of what I tried. Eclair ($2.50) - This was cut if half and had a filling. It also had chocolate on top. This was pretty good. I thought at first site that it didn't have enough chocolate on it, but the chocolate was thick and the right amount.Cream Puff ($2.50) - Custard filled with powdered sugar on top. I took a bite and thought it was good, so I told hubby to try it and he finished it. Glad I at least got a bite!Chocolate Cannoli ($3/Mini) - This I figured I would like, but I ended up loving it! The amount of filling was decent. I'd order this one again.Cannoli ($2.50/mini) - The filling has a ricotta cream with chocolate chips. I did like this one a lot and would eat it again, but I personally preferred the chocolate cannoli.Strawberry Tart ($2.85) - This was my least favorite. If you do try this, I would recommend eating it soon. When I got home with my box, the strawberry tart looked like it melted a bit and the strawberry slid off. None of that really bothered me because I hadn't had it before and didn't know it wasn't something that didn't travel well. The way it tasted did bother me though, The bottom was rock hard and I had trouble even biting into it. I might try it again in the future, but am in no rush.Chocolate Fudge Cupcake ($3.50) - I had the option between a vanilla or chocolate cupcake and chose the chocolate. It had a chocolate fudge frosting with sprinkles on top. This was just average. Not bad, but not great.Carrot Cupcake ($3.50) - Of the 2 cupcakes I tried, this was the best. The cupcake was moist and the cream cheese frosting was very good. They also have merchandise for sale (mugs, cookbooks, etc.) and take special orders for cakes and other goodies.
3	First thing I notice is how small and compact the place is. Area is fairly crowded and it might be a little difficult to navigate through. It might just be because the time of the day, around 6PM. First of all, service is amazing. The people are very nice and easy to talk to. Our order was fairly messed up though (missing items, got items we didnt order), but we're all human, so nothing too big.We posted a picture containing several items (lobster tail, chocolate mousse towers, cannolis, jelly cookie, eclairs, and 7 layered cookies). After trying all the items, I can say, personally, the only one I liked was the Lobster Tail. The cream was very light and fluffy and the outside was amazing. It had a light crunch, while the powdered sugar giving it a little more "character." I would definitely go back for more.(:However, the rest were fairly standard and bland. Two words doesn't do it justice.The jelly cookie tasted like a thicker sugar cookie. If you enjoy sugar cookies, i'm pretty sure you'll love these. Our picture shows a strawberry and watermelon shaped jelly cookie. All i'm saying is, super thick.7 layered cookies has the texture of an andes mint, mainly due to the thick chocolate on top. It has a small layer of strawberry jam, with the rest tasting like cake.The eclairs were definitely my second favorite from this run. The inside is very jelly donut tasting (yes, poor choice of wording). The main hit is the bread. It's very light and easily compliments the filling. Oh, there's also chocolate on top.The cannoli has a fairly thick and crunchy shell. However, the inside is pretty light and just melts in your mouth. It kind of does break apart easily though. The tiramisu is SUPER light. I'll just leave it at that. You're eating coffee flavored clouds.Lastly, the Chocolate Mousse Tower. Heavy in chocolate and probably needs more strawberry to offset the thickness. It is Mousse, so you shouldn't be surprised. I did it enjoy it, but it gets overwhelming after a couple bites.Overall, interesting place. We had a lot of hype coming in here (my girlfriend has probably watched every episode of Cake Boss. One dream she had was to go to NJ to visit the bakery). I was just a little disappointed and probably won't be back unless its for lobster tails. We ordered a total of 10 different items and only recieved 7 of them. Big name, standard taste. SorryAlso, the organization needs working on. It'd be kind of nice to get everything we ordered.(:
2	I went there today with my boyfriend excited to try a cannoli. The line wasnt too bad. We waited about 15 minutes before our number was called. We placed the order and were asked to stand in line at the register. We waited at the register for like 20-30min. When its our turn at the register the cashier asks if were #70, we were #75, so we stepped to the side and we notcied all the numbers the cashier was calling were out of order. So what the hell was the point of standing in line? The cashier could talk for days. I understand she wants to provide good customer service but cmom theres a crowd, get that line moving. When its our turn she repeats the order which sounded accurate. We get home and realize that one of our California Cheesecakes is not in any of the boxes. We tried to call to see if they could refund for that one or atleast let me go pick it up but they never answer the phone. I understand they just opened but have some sort of organization and answer the phone.
1	RUDE. just got hung up on on the phone. Called back and was not able to get a finished sentence in. If you dont want to deal with customer service then dont open a bakery. duh.
4	Carlo's Bakery has only been open a few days and obviously it's getting a lot of attention! We came by on a Thursday night just a little before 10pm, hoping we'd miss the rush. While it wasn't too bad, we still ended up being here for about 45 minutes from start to finish.It's located directly across from Buddy V's and it is a pretty small location. The kitchen takes up most of their space there but has windows on both sides for you to watch them do their magic while you wait. Inside, you'll see a few display cases and the walls covered with merchandise and some custom cake examples. During our trip, we were instructed to grab a number and hang out until it was called. There was no actual line.We ordered lobster tails, cheesecake, a cannoli and some other small treats. The prices aren't out of this world and with all the stuff we got, we only ended up spending about $35. The cannoli was great and had a nice shell that wasn't overly hard like you find a lot of times. My favorite of all so far though, is the lobster tail though. Trust me when I say, they are addiction! It's a light, cream filled pastry that has an unexpected crunchy exterior. At just under $6, the lobster tail is a must try!For a celebrity location, it definitely exceeded my expectations. You most likely aren't going to find the most amazing thing you ever tasted in your life here but it's well worth the visit. The staff is also extremely friendly and tentative. Plus, if you're anything like me, you'll have tons of fun watching them use that automatic box wrapper over and over again...
5	Was so excited to finally try the things I've heard about and drooled over for years.  AMAZING!  Better than I ever imagined and then some.  Looking forward to going back again soon.  Well worth the short wait in line, and the prices are very reasonable considering the quality.  I LOVE IT...IT IS NOW MY ALL TIME FAVORITE BAKERY!
1	I would love to give a higher rating but I can't. I never even got close to tasting the pastries. When I arrived they were at number 47. My number was 66. I waited 30mns and they moved up to 51. That's BS. I left disappointed. And more importantly my kids were disappointed. They are big fans of the show and they were looking forward to trying the canolis. Very disappointed. Hopefully when I actually try the pastries I will give it the higher rating it deserves.
3	This place is busy since they opened a week ago. The wait can be an 1hr to 1.30 hrs. Best advice is go in morning at 8am with 2 behind the counter and get your number. The wait is still the same. I was #53 and waited 1hr for our # to be called and 30min to pay. If you don't want to wait, best to eat at Buddy's and order your treats there or 2 people can order stuff under one number and pay separately.
4	The bakery is awesome!  The staff is wonderful and hard working!  I would givr them 5 stars but I b had to wait an hour to place my order and there wad no place to sit and relax while I waited.  That being ssid the pastrys are so delicous they are worth the wait.
4	After watching tons of episodes of cake boss, you can bet that I really wanted to try these seemingly mouth watering desserts. I was absolutely thrilled that I could finally taste it, and not just imagine how it would taste!The appearance of the store imitates the Hoboken store from the show, and there's also a window where you can watch people decorating things, which is kind of cool. When I went, it was only the second day it was open, so it was pretty crowded. You take a number, and when it gets called you get to order your desserts. Then you have to get that same number called again so you can get it all packaged and pretty and pay for your stuff. There's not a lot of sitting room, so plan to take your desserts home. If you're really impatient, you could always sit on a bench by the "canals" in the Venetian and eat them while watching the gondolas.EVERYTHING LOOKS DELICIOUS! I settled on the "lobstertail", which is a pastry stuffed with I think it's french cream, since it seemed to be something sort of unique to Carlo's Bakery. It was so good! The outside was flaky and crispy, and the inside was rich without being too sweet. It was so perfect!I'm definitely looking forward to trying more desserts! The big problem will just be what to get next!
1	This is opening week, hopefully the ordering  and serving process gets revised. I stop in for my free cannoli and a cup of coffee this morning. Placed my order and they wrote it down. Wth it's coffee and cannoli just serve it. I wait 15 minutes for my cannoli to be put in a bag and rung up at the register. I get to the register and the coffee isn't ready yet.Wow.The cannoli wasn't the ricotta cannoli you would get in Philly or New York, it was more the icing filling kind. Wasn't impressed.The other pastries looked good.
3	Items Selected:Chocolate CannoliCannoliChocolate dipped Pecan WedgeButter Crumb DanishRed Velvet CupcakeCarrot Cake CupcakeNapoleonChocolate Meringue7-Layer CookieAdmittedly surprised by the passionate service of red sauce classics at Buddy V's and Chef Valastro's hands on approach to business during an early walkthrough of his imported Hoboken storefront it was with seemingly appropriate expectations that I approached the newly minted Carlo's Bakery during its first official Saturday at The Venetian but with high prices, meager portions, and pedestrian pastry besmirched by long lines and paltry service suffice it to say the "cake boss" has a lot to learn.  Clever in design and diverse in craft with cakes, cannoli, cookies by the pound and more sold in the Italian tradition of tickets and hand bills Carlo's problems begin at the door where several starry eyed customers forget tickets in the face of photo-ops and proceeding to the counter the issue is multiplied by mislabeled product, the fledgling staff all the more confused with items frequently forgotten by many early reports - in my case a $3 creampuff for which I was charged but never received.  Moving next to the product, prices not substantially different from the east coast flagship but still dramatically inflated given the name on the door, my tasting began with a pair of pre-filled cannolis and with sog already setting in suffice it to say better can be had at Montesano's for half the price, any true Italian realizing filled-to-order is the only way to go.  Admittedly disappointed but moving on to more, a duo of $3.50 cupcakes smaller and far less inspiring than Sprinkles or Bouchon would follow and proceeding to a duo of forgettable cookies I was thankful when three forms of puff pastry finally proved memorable - the fresh-cut Napoleon I'd watched the team layer, frost, and cut in the kitchen a flaky masterpiece and the still-warm cinnamon strudel danish a pastry well worth the five bucks.  Obviously new and clearly capable of sustaining a few bumps in the road on the backs of adoring fans it will be interesting to see just how long Buddy and team can ride the initial wave of hype, but featuring the only legitimate Italian Bakery on the strip I'm sure they'll be around long enough to justify waiting to visit unless one is a true fan - and even then I'd suggest anyone with transportation visit Freed's or Montesano's first.
3	I must admit that my guests and I were very disappointed with the pastry. It was very busy as expected but it wasn't long before we were served. We could not resist but to try buddy's desserts, only to find out it was mediocre. I would not spend another dime there but that does not stop me from being a huge fan of the show. Love you Buddy...just not your desserts!
2	Was so excited to eat one of Buddy's cannoli's. it  was nothing special.  The cannoli left a funny coating in your mouth, maybe the grease from the deep fryer? I tried a chocolate meringue OMG it was so hard at 8:20 in the morning nearly broke a tooth, no joke.. The cupcakes red velvet, and the flower one was no big deal.. The Cupcakery and Give Me Sugar make better ones..I did like the pecan wedge dipped in chocolate, it was very good and the apple turn over.  The Cannoli' tower was expensive and had NO flavor.  Spent 36.00 for blah pastries.  I am a local, I spread the word on good food.  I was an avid diner of Max Brenner's dining there once a week, because it was good and unique. I took everyone I knew who came to town there. Sadly ceaser's did not renew their lease, so they closed.  Thought Carlos would take it's place, but it won't.  My husband wants to buy our 30 wedding anniv. cake their but I am not sure??  Maybe he should have brought the staff from Carlos to Vegas for training?? The staff also was very disorganized, calling our number 5 times, each time I told them I had been helped, They were not busy Monday morning at 8:20 a.m also did not have Lobster tails, that is what I went there for... Cannoli and Lobster tails... I love Cake Boss, and all the shows Buddy, but Carlos bakery was a Huge disappointment. Won't be back sorry.. I am a local, and am always trying new places, and when it's good everyone will hear about it.. This was not... Staff didn't even know how to make coffee in the automatic brewers, felt bad for the guy behind us..love Buddy, but not the bakery... I took tons of photos for my facebook page, but they looked better than they tasted... so sad...
4	Was here at around noon today. I only waited in line about ten minutes for my number to be called. I ordered a lobster tail, a chocolate cannoli, and a regular cannoli. Waited about another five minutes for the cashier. All of my desserts were in the box when I got home. Tried all of them and they were all very good. Thanks.
3	I went last week on wednesday if im not mistaken i swear the service was super slow. Staff is nice but the urgency wasnt there. Anyways they had forgot my $10 cheesecake(which was tiny). I emailed their customer service asking for a refund if not then if i could pick up my cheesecake. I received an email the next morning saying i could come in and pick it up. i got to pick up my cheesecake today and Ms. Christina was really sweet and kind, very friendly and apologetic. I really appreciated her attentiveness.
3	Very clean and tidy bakery.  The counter help is really slow, don't expect to pop in and out.  Everything seemed to be sold by the pound instead of individually priced so it took them forever!!  I went at a time where there was little to no line, but I can't imagine it with a line!! Their prices are silly- but I understand you pay for the location and the name behind it.  The food was great, I just don't expect to stop by on a whim with other great bakeries in the Las Vegas area.  I'm glad I came this one time as a treat, but I won't be a regular.
5	You saw the show, now eat your cake too!A wide variety of pastries made on site.Don't forget to take a number!
2	I did not like the canoli and the the tiramisu tasted like a lot of whip cream. We tried the red velvet and it was just okay. The brownie with walnuts were good but basically with what we got, I wasn't wowed enough to really go back. Carlos really must be a favorite on the east coast but at the prices of the bakery items I just wasn't impressed.
5	Loved it! Ever since watching the show on TLC I have wanted to try their things but they were located on the other side of the country. We went a litter overboard with pastries but I have no regrets!There are a ton of people there so be sure to get your ticket quickly so that you are not waiting too long. It was about 20 minutes from the time we got the ticket till we got what we ordered... not to shabby for a place this popular!
4	I had no idea what to expect from this bakery. My wife decorates cakes as gifts and I see her watching "Cake Boss" but I have to admit I'm not too familiar with all the TV show stuff surrounding the bakery. The bakery is supposed to be some replication of their Hoboken, NJ bakery. Inside is very clean but small. The wait in line was brutal but given that this place just recently opened and all the hype around it I am not going to complain about the line but it was brutal being a guy who just wanted a cannoli or cookie. This was one of those things I did for my wife and seeing how much fun she and her nieces had made it worth it. We had a few boxes of treats and my wife had a special box made for me so that she and the girls could sample their treats and I could have my own. She knew this outing wasn't my cup of tea so that was thoughtful lol. I had a couple cannolis that were filled fresh in front of us. Thy have some pre-made and also empty cannoli shells so you just have to tell them if you want it filled fresh or not. I think the people who pick the pre-made ones and don't know better to ask for it filled will end up with a soggy mess. I had a carrot cupcake that was moist and tasted good. The lobster tail is out of this world and I can only imagine with the one here being the regular size what the XL version across the way at Buddy V's is like! My cream puff was the best thing next to the lobster tail I just wish it were bigger. I liked everything I had but I did think that it was wierd when my wife showed me the Carlo's mug she purchased. It said "Hoboken" on it. WTH? This is Las Vegas! Please get some mugs that actually say Las Vegas on them. It just makes sense!
2	Disappointed. Got there at 8 so I wouldn't have a long wait. They opened 20 minutes late and I only went there for a cannoli and cheese cake and they didn't even have any.
3	My friend wanted to try this place out due to her love for the show (I don't watch it but don't kill me). Waiting wasn't a huge issue, although it was very crammed when we went so I thought "wow it must be that good." You are not required to fall in line, you just take a number & wait for it to be called by the workers & they are happy to help you. What was a little annoying was that it was so crammed that everyone's basically standing around in this tiny bakery & we could barely see the other desserts since it was very hard to move. Also, my friend really wanted to come here originally just for cannoli  but we didn't see any. When we finally got our number called, my friend ordered a bunch of desserts and the ones I did get to try were the coconut macaroons, the cheesecake, and the napoleon. We did ask if there were any cannolis but he said not today so were a bit disappointed cuz I really wanted a cannoli also! Anyways, after the worker helps you, you are told to wait again to pay. They call your number for that too so again, no waiting in line. Just kinda gotta awkwardly crowd around. Coconut macaroons (3.5/5) - they charge per pound for this. I was a little annoyed that the worker didn't know how much they charged by the pound but know the bakery is pretty new so I cut him some slack. She ordered half a pound which came out to be $11.95. I'm not a huge fan of these macaroons, but I admit they were pretty good. They were drizzled in chocolate which added a nice touch to it. But overall wasn't too impressed. Cheesecake (3.5/5) - I'm guessing these ran about $9 something a piece since her total for two was around $19. Definitely did not taste like it was worth that much. It was topped with a chocolate looking whipped cream and a large dark chocolate covered strawberry. To me it just tasted like cheesecake. I did like the consistency though, it was very smooth. The strawberry tasted way too over-ripe & it didn't complement the dark chocolate in any way. Again, nothing too special about it. Napoleon (3.5/5) - I have had better but this was my favorite out of the three desserts. Nice and flakey yet a little stale but I really love napoleons so I got past that. This cost $6.95 for a slice. The packaging is cute and it's probably what also takes them a while since they are still new. Overall, the desserts weren't horrible it's just that I was wow'd by any of them. I don't think I'll be coming back here just for that bakery but if I happen to be at the Venetian, I'll consider stopping by. Hopefully there will be cannolis!
4	Busy, busy, busy place.  It's the famous Cake Boss so the desserts are simply awesome.  They need to serve milk...LOL.  Only negative is they are VERY slow.  Need more hands on deck to meet the crowds.  DONT FORGET TO TAKE A TICKET!!!
1	Very dissapointed, work in the area so have walked by several times,the place always looks busy but actually its not. The counter help and cashiers are just super slow. There doesnt seem to be any real system to get the treats. I get the number system however its not working there. After my number was called and I placed my order my number was called again 15 minutes later,the guy asked what we wanted I told him we already placed an order,he started bad mouthing his co workers. Another seven minutes later our order was ready. So after waiting 22 minutes I got my cannoli and cream puff. Yup waited 22 minutes for trwo items that just had to be pulled out of the display case. The treats were ok nothing to write home about.
1	On a recent visit to Vegas,  we stopped for cupcakes.  If you go here,  you will wait a ridiculous amount of time.  The first time it took over 30 minutes.   Last night I waited a full hour,  and still had about 30 min wait left when I gave up.  In an hour,  they served 32 customers total.  That includes those who didn't  bother waiting around.  32. In an hour.  Absurd.
2	You want it to be awesome. You have this building sense of excitement as you walk the Grand Canal Shops, like when you were a kid running down the stairs on Christmas morning. Then you get there.....and it's all downhill from then on. Now I grew up with these bakeries on Long Island, it's more than red and white string tied around a box that's makes an Italian bakery an Italian bakery. Buddy....what happened????  I watched my wife wait an hour for her ticket number to come up, and she had only 25 people ahead of her. Yes, you think a 3 minute wait time per customer is good right? But not when you have 3 workers on the counter assisting!  Not only that, the bakery service area is about the size of a small Starbucks. Yet right across the hallway is Buddy's signature restaurant, and not only is it absolutely massive in size, it's absolutely dead inside. I saw 3 four tops, 2 bored hostesses, and a line cook that probably regrets applying for a job there. Why in the world did you not make a massive bakery area and a cute cafe type dinner place is beyond me. Seriously, you have Mario Batali just down another hall, and that's good damn Italian food. You're a baker Buddy, you should have just stuck with that and made a killing with a large, quick paced bakery cranking out our East Coast patisserie memories. Not a closet bakery with a huge show window with a guy filling cannolis. Remember, a fish may love a bird....but where would they live? BTW, the cannoli was great for what you can get on the West coast...but barely on par what I can get at my old bakery out on the Island.
1	How on earth do you have 40 customers waiting for service and 2 people attending the counter!!! I counted 12 employees and they were too busy getting ready to close to attend customers! I guess once you are famous why care about your fans or customers. Don't bother waiting!
3	I had the Canoli Cake the small one and it was pretty good as well as  the triple chocolate chip cookie and some nut bar.  The treats were quite delicious, but I think that for the price it's not really worth it.  You're paying for the name of who's on it more than what you're getting.
3	The wait was long, the service was poor and my order was wrong but the cannoli and lobster tail were fantastic so that made up for some of the bad experience. The cookies were too dry for my tastes. I would go back but only for the lobster tail!
4	My sister and I went on Tuesday and there was no line. Only maybe 5 ppl infront of us. I got a lobster tail and cannoli. Both were delicious. Loved the lobster tail. My sister got some cookies and the crumb cake. My favorite was the large round raspberry jelly powder sugar cookie she got. So dang good. The jelly was so delicious and fresh. The crumb cake was good but was hard. Overall the pastries were good and just experiencing Carlos Bakery here in Vegas is pretty cool. But for the $$ they charge you could go to a local baker and pay less for the same quality.
2	Granted we arrived at 2pm on a Saturday and granted we expected there to be a wait....but oh boy, was there a wait!!  We were number 71 and they were only on 40.  We got lucky soon after when someone gave us their number 57!  (They had had enough and said, "that's it, we're outta here!")  So from 40 to 57 was an hour.  Ok we waited, no biggie.  A few points:  --the place is small and it's so crowded that you will not be able to look at any display cases without pushing/shoving your way to the front.--there is bar next store where you can get a cocktail while you are waiting although not sure if you would be able to hear them calling numbers.--the cake itself was a grocery store cake for all intents and purposes--good, but nothing special whatsoever and definitely not worth an hour plus wait in chaos.--the cake was $28, which is well above grocery store prices, but cheap in comparison to real authentic bakeries.  We gave into the gimmick and glad we did.  It's a new Vegas sight--not a must have in terms of cake, but put it on the list in case you are ever there with kids.  It's now checked off the list--one and done.
1	They got my order wrong. I told three people, the strawberry shortcake NOT the chocolate strawberry. I pointed at it, told them explicitly not the chocolate and at the register she said chocolate and I said, "no I told two people not the chocolate!" Charged me for the vanilla I wanted, I opened the box and what do you know, it was chocolate.Mind you, the vanilla/strawberry thing was the only thing not labeled and I assumed it was strawberry shortcake but apparently wasn't exactly what it was called and that's what got everybody confused and it turns out it was what it's called but I'm not the one who didn't label it.So they got my order wrong, and the Oreo and the chocolate/strawberry tower I got wasn't even that good. The vanilla cupcake wasn't any better. The buttercream tasted like buttercream from albertsons cupcakes.And mind you, this isn't a bad review just because they got my order wrong and I'm salty about it. I was hoping the cake and pastries would make up for it and they sadly didn't. You pay for the name and that's it. Sprinkles has WAY better cupcakes. Which is where I went after to soothe my pain of a terrible cupcake I spent 6 dollars on, I got a 1000% better one for half the price.
5	I am not a fan of the show but wanted to have the taste of real cannoli's once again. Being from the East Coast, I decided to try my luck through the crowds. YEP, it's crowded but this is Vegas. Everything is crowded. Cannoli's: Wonderful! The pastries and brownies: DIVINE. The lobster tails: Amazing. The Nut bars: OH. MY. HEAVENLY. NUTBAR! I have tried so many things from there, and I have not been disappointed once. It is a fantastic addition to Vegas and I hope they open another "off the strip" location so I can make them a weekly trip. The staff is all wonderful and attentive. Keep up the good work, guys!
5	I am so glad they brought Carlos Bakery out to Las Vegas!  Being a local it's fun to have family friendly places to visit here.  Although it is a busy place that is to be expected!  We tried a vanilla cupcake, raspberry tarte, a cannoli tower, and cannoli!  Everything was so delicious!!!  It's a little pricey but a must go to!  Ignore the negative reviews, budget in a treat or two and have fun! My husband and I loved it and will be sharing this with our family and friends.
4	The bakery itself is tiny and overcrowded (which leads to raised expectations ). The staff is quick and friendly (which helps after the inordinately long wait time! ). However, the cakes themselves aren't exceptional . They are good, but given the wait time and the price, "good " simply isn't good enough ...
3	Went last night around 7:30 and it was packed, I was wanting to try the crumb cake and rainbow cookies.  Well when I got there their were 4 pieces of crumb cake left and they were gone by time my # was called.  I would assume that would've had more but they told me it's only made in the morning.  So needless to say I was disappointed.  Next I wanted the rainbow cookies that they show on their tv screen slideshow, well apparently they don't make them anymore!  My question is why are you advertising them in the bake shop???  Next I had to wait for them to call my # and pay for the sprinkle cookies and slice of carrot cake I got my kids my total was $16 and some change, seemed off but didn't feel like going back.  Well the girl who boxed my goodies places more cookies in the box that I did not order nor did I want that I of course paid for!  The cookies were good nothing spectacular, not sure about carrot cake because hubby hasn't ate it yet! Their needs to be a better system in place as I was getting my feet trampled on by people who were practically fighting to get to the bakery case!  Maybe they need to rope it off so that the people who are ordering when their # is called can actually see into the cases.Prices are high, but welcome to Vegas!
5	I "LOVED" this place, the cupcakes and all!!! I'm a huge fan of Cake Boss and the Canolies are a die for! As "Buddy" states "Holy Canolie, this is good" I said the same thing,.. I yelled it! It was so good!
4	Came here on a saturday afternoon. Finding the place was quite hard. Doriee and I couldn't really find info on it. Walked around the casino floor. Couldn't find it. All she knew was it was across from Buddy's. Decided to go upstairs (near front of casino) to the shops level. Saw an arrow with name pointing outside.. Walked to the right, outside, along a pathway, up a few steps, and saw Buddy's sign. Went inside the doors, and there the bakery was, across from Buddy's, with the huge amounts of people. We decided to grab a number. E28. Ok. They are on 10. Not long wait. Later we found out, they were on D10 ! OH MY GOD ! THEY ARE OVER A HUNDRED NUMBERS BEHIND ! ! Was told by a guy who was there for the bakery as well. Decided to wait anyway, since we were there. After a while, the guy was nice enough to give me his extra ticket. D63. Cut out wait times by half ! Whoever that guy was, thank you ! Fire alarms went off for some odd reason. Venetian security and maintenance, and etc came to investigate the ovens and what not. We had gotten a strawberry cheesecake and a lobster tail to share. Lobster Tail - fluffy, crispy puffed pastry filled with a sweet pastry cream. Made as a variation of the "Sfogliatelle" pastry meaning "small, thin layers/leaves". Crispy exterior. Sweet, creamy cream interior. Melody and orchestra of different flavors and textures. Strawberry cheesecake - traditional cheesecake with a HUGE stemmed strawberry on top with a light strawberry syrup sauce. Cheesecake was creamy and smooth. Not the smoothest cheesecake ive had but still pretty good. Strawberry syrup was nice and light. Not too sweet nor overpowering. Complimented cheesecake well. Didn't cover cheesecake flavor. Aside from the huge amounts of people and wait time, their products are pretty good. Their small cakes are a really reasonable price. Would love to eat the lobster tail again :D
1	If you are a TV star specializing in baked goods, you are expected to deliver great quality and unique tasting foods. This was not quality food, it did not taste unique to grocery store bought baked goods! Sorry but true! I've tasted better desserts!
5	Amazing desserts, some times it's a long wait but that's The Strip what're you gonna do.
3	Went here twice in April 2014.  On a Thursday night, quite a wait, figured I'd get a wide range of their offerings:Oreo tower cake, pretty, but tasted like it had been on the shelf for awhile.Lobster Tail: Unique and tasty, can't get it anywhere else, nice for a pic.Pecan Wedge: Best thing I got, shortbread with pecans/syrup partially dipped in chocolate.On a Sunday morning: Not a long wait, but no lobster tails or pecan wedges available.  Seemed like much of the items were holdovers from the previous night.
3	Went there on opening day but too busy and too long of a line and we left.Today my husband bought me some chocolate mousse, brownie and crumble bun. Chocolate mousse was divine but @ $10/pc, it was a little hefty,Brownie was moist and super cholatey- $5 Crumble is about $4Overall, great tasting pastries but a little too high on the price which is expected specially from Carlos bakery. It was all divine, would definitely indulge once in a while! Cute place and a must see bakery, lots of different pastries to choose from!
1	This place symbolizes overrated businesses glamorized by the media for no justifiable reason:-The Lobster Tail people are "raving" about? = It was completely stale with tasteless cream. This is just a cream roll that you can get for cheaper and better in a Chinatown bakery.-Strawberry Shortcake - average. Cream could have used more flavor and tasted less commercial and fattening.-Cookies - we tried one of each and none of them were good. I literally took a bite and threw the rest away. How is it possible to make cookies that aren't good?At this point you might think I sound like a negative snob and I attribute that to the amazing bakeries of San Francisco - so I apologize for having standards. The icing to this cake was that we waited 1+ hour to order & receive and most of the shelves were empty because they were selling faster than they could bake. I'm still mad over the stale lobster tail - especially for the price we paid. Why would you come here?
5	My red velvet wedding cake came from this shop and was the best thing I have tasted ever . It was a perfect end to a perfect day.
3	It's ok.  I've watched every Cake Boss show and will continue to watch.  The shop is very small.  I had no idea that I had to grab a ticket like the old days.  I stood in front of the case for a few minutes and couldn't get service.  I had to go back and grab a ticket which put me behind all of the people that came in after me!  The place was packed.  I think that they should put up a rope and start a line down the hall.  There's nothing else in the hall to prevent that option.  Allow a certain number of people in the shop at a time.  The problem is that there are so many people in the shop that you can't possibly see all of the product in the cases.  I ordered from the first case but not the others because I couldn't see what they were selling.I really liked what I bought but I wish I could have purchase more.  There were just too many people to see what to order.
3	in case it's not obv in my review, i'm a HUGE fan of buddy/carlo's bakery so his restaurant and carlo's were MUST DO's during the vegas trip as i'll likely never go to NJ for his bakery... anyway, so during the days b4 we arrived at carlo's, there's been controversy over this surprise that my husband had for me which turned out to be a personalized cake. so i was nervous and unsure how this would go. my husband was pretty pissed a few times w/ them. anyway, there's a big window wall where u can see the whole baking/decorating process being done which i thought was cool and did watch for a few mins.. and i always thought that if i got to go to carlo's that i would wanna order everything in the display cases lol cuz his show 'cake boss' sure always has this effect on me! but for some reason, this seems like a smaller version of his other carlo's bakeries and there wasn't tons to choose from.. i didn't even see cannolis in the display case when i was there! and we know how major cannolis are! BUT regardless, i knew i was getting the lobster tails lol which they thankfully had a huge supply of (i was worried it would be sold out or we'd have to wait for em to be made lol), so the lobster tails were absolutely a must for me.. and let me tell ya, very satisfying!!! my taste buds were thanking me all day after i ate em! plus, when i was looking at the diff items, the prices weren't as bad as i thought they'd be. i honestly expected the small items to be at least $10 each or something, so i was thrilled to see the avg price was around $5 each.. but it's diff on the website when u order delivery lol, very expensive and u gotta prepare them urself! but if u got the $$, order it from his site or make ur way to his bakery somewhere, find a way to get these lobster tails in ur tummy! btw, they have the same set up as the original carlo's w/ a 'please take a number' dispenser, etc. idk how it is in the original w/ seating, but in the vegas one, there's only a few stools and for me (i'm 5'3) it was really difficult to be comfy in those stools! i had to hoist myself onto the stool and then my legs kept losing circulation cuz i was too short and whatnot for my feet to reach the foot part of the stool :/// so i didn't stay sitting for long, and eventually had to go to the buddy v's version of an 'outdoor patio' to sit while i waited for our whole order (2 lobster tails and the personalized cake) to be finished...  so after more controversy inside the bakery, turns out they lost the order form at some point, and also made duplicate cakes, etc. idk, it was all confusing to me but at least the cake did get done by the time we went there and it was very yummy... they did blue writing w/ black writing right on top of it! i've never seen anyone do that b4 so i thought that was awesome!
3	My daughter was in town, and she really wanted to visit Carlo's bakery for a cannoli. It was really difficult to find, as it is not yet on the map. It is just across from Buddy's restaurant, so once you locate that you are good. It was a Thursday afternoon, and the bakery was really busy. It was difficult to see what was in the cases since everyone was lined up against them. It was too busy for me, so I waited just outside the shop. You can watch the people working in the bakery through large windows, buy at the time they were simply unpacking large containers of what looked like frosting. I must have waited nearly 15 minutes before my daughter came out with her cannoli and crumb bun. She was disappointed that she did not get these in one of their signature boxes with the logo on the outside, but rather two plain white bags. We went out to sit near the gondolas, as there is almost no seating in the bakery. She loved both items, but to me the crumb bun looked more like crumbled brown sugar topping than anything else. I would personally not come here again myself, but she enjoyed the novelty of it.
1	This place is horrible! I'm a fan of Cake Boss and the Next Great Baker. I had dessert reservations at another place but decided to cancel once I found out there was a Carlo's here. I was excited to try it. I get there and of course there is a bit of a wait but that is understandable. I will say the people packing up the orders were a tad slow but ok no big deal. I ordered cannoli's, cookies, carrot cake and crumb cake. 100% disgusting. The cannoli filling didn't taste like anything and it was kind of hard. The cookies were hard as bricks. The carrot cake tasted like a block of cream cheese with a little spice mixed in. The crumb cake was hard as a brick as well. I wasted my money on this place. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!
5	OMG!!! Sugar-Tooth-Heaven!!! As a kid I enjoyed rainbow cake. Italian/American folks know what I am talking about. Carlo's Bake Shop nailed it. The chocolate strawberries are so freaking good.
1	So I can't comment on the food from here but the service we received here today was nothing short of inexcusable. I'm not one to post rant reviews as I'm in the service industry out here and realize most are bs. We came in I the bakery and pulled a ticket. Looking in the case at all the baked goodies and literally 30 seconds had gone by and they called the number before we could see what number we where. We asked a question about something in the case and the clown behind the counter turned in to a ass responding in a aggressive tone, "I have already called that number three times what do you want". Now mind you we have been in the store a whopping 3 minutes. The guy proceeds to be a dick with the manager standing right beside him and acts like everything is fine. When she realizes we are unhappy her only response was, maybe he is having a bad day.  I get it, you don't reprimanded employees out on the floor but you don't pretend like nothing is wrong. I could care less if your having a bad day. Welcome to the tourist industry buddy put on a smile and pretend to be nice to the people that come in to spend money. We had family that came into town a had two things she wanted to do while she was here. One was to go to this place. Shame on the clown behind the counter and shame on the manager for not being able I do her job.
3	I ordered 5 chocolate biscotti, 2 almond wedding cookies, and 1 Napoleon. The biscotti was okay, I've had better...the cookies were good, but the Napoleon was delicious, not too sweet. I would have left 5 stars, but I have to admit, they were too pricey for baked goods and it was way off as far as the location in the Venetian shops. See photo of the receipt. All that hype...but I think I'll stick to my Italian bakery off of Chinatown instead.
4	So I been waiting for a while o check this place out, Im really not a huge bakery fan but I love watching Cake BOss and wanted to see what exactly is the big fuss. I wasnt a fan of the cupcakes but i liked the cannolie but LOVE the LOBSTER TAIL....
2	This place is located on the second floor of the mall that connects the palazzo and the venetian. OK seriously this is the most overrated and overpriced dessert house i have ever been to. OK its the strip I should have been more aware,but when you order 6 pastries and it comes to 68 dollars it better be the best fing pastry you have ever tasted. taste was average at best. But the boxes and string were first rate,i suspect thats what i was paying for. just another example of an all hyped out fancy schmancy underwhelming and thoroughly disappointing experience on the strip. Why is it that all these places on the strip put so much into the visual experience and short people on the tatse experience,these are places to eat not places to look at views...smh
4	I'm not going to read the reviews here because when I went yesterday, i had a pleasant experience. I'll make this simple and quick. 1: go in the morning before 9:45, maybe 10 at the latest. 2: know what you want to help speed up the process when the person takes  your order. 3: Lobster tails, and crumb cake. Those are my my favorites. It's up to your pallet in what you want to eat. Buy one of each of everything!
2	Everyone comes here because it's Cake Boss. I'm sorry to say that my friend and I were part of those who got suckered into coming here.The shop is small and understaffed. Grabbed a number to order. 30+ minute wait. We couldn't even see what there's to order since the shop was like packed sardines with people pushed up against the displays. Finally it was our turn. The staff took down our order. Then more waiting. Order had to be packed and placed in queue at the one-person register. Then more waiting for our names to be called so we can pay.We spent 60+ minutes to get our order. Verdict? Not worth it. The pastries were ordinary if not subpar. For the wait and price, again, not worth it.
1	Place was horrible.  First and foremost, we grabbed a number which was B89 and waited over 2 hours for our number to get called.  One of the most disorganized companies I have ever seen.  I understand things were busy but the way of doing business was horrible and we noticed a lot of people leaving purely because of the wait.  Second, once we finally got our number called, I was informed the pie that I had ordered 4 hours earlier was not made.  The manager came out and spoke to me and before even apologizing, blamed it on me because I had not pre-paid.  She tried to explain how the process worked if I would have pre-paid for the pie but did not apologize or offer a solution outside of waiting another 40 minutes for my pie to be made.  Absolute worst customer service I have ever seen from a "manager."  On top of that, pre-paying for my pie was never even provided to me as an option which only made things worse.  Would not recommend this to anyone unless you are looking to waste a few hours on the strip and if you don't want to get your order correct.
3	So they get a 5 for baked goods but a 1 for service. When I saw this cake boss bakery I knew I just had to try it. So I dragged my husband to the shop which was kind of full. I grabbed a number and waited my turn, it was too crowded for him so he waited outside. I tried to look and see what I would order when they called my number but the shop was so packed it was a challenge checking out what they had. When I arrived they were on number 59 and I was number 68. It took about 30 minutes for them to get to me. When I finally got called they asked me what I wanted and rather than removing what I wanted from the case as they went along, they wrote everything down and then told me they would pack my order and call my name when my order had been packed also as I rattled off what I wanted, after the 2nd one the packer seemed irritated. I only ordered 4 things, 1lb of the 7 layer cookies (because it was so packed in the shop I thought it said $2.95 a lb and thought that must surely be a mistake....... it was. They are $22.95 a lb. but are a good choice if you want to bring back something you can share with a lot of people), one Oreo cookie tower, one canoli tower and a small tiramisu cake. It took them 15 minutes to pack that up and call my name and the packaging was nothing special. The towers were in plastic cups that they just needed to pop lids on, the cookies in a paper bag and the mini tiramisu cake was the only one in a nice white box with a ribbon, but I can't see that taking 15 minutes. I know people will continue to come here because the desserts really are excellent but do not expect to walk in and get prompt, courteous, efficient service. I wish they would rope off a line going along the cases leading to the register so you really have a chance to see all the goods (probably also get more sales that way if people could see everything) maybe hand out paper and pencils so people could write down what they want as they go along and turn the slip into the cashier as you approach the front and have them pack your order immediately while you are being rung up. It was good to try once, but if I walked by and saw a crowd I would probably keep on walking and save myself a half an hour plus of frustration.
3	So my friend is a huge cake boss fan and I've seen the show a couple of times. None the less I really  wanted to try their cannolis and lobster tail.  So to start, it's very confusing to find! There was maybe one sign pointing us in the right direction! Otherwise we were lost. After walking around for a bit we finally see the bakery. We wait 30 mins for our number to get called. I didn't that that was a long wait considering how busy it was. They do move fast. They will call your number twice before moving on so pay attention!I bought 4 mini cannolis, 2 large chocolate shell cannolis, 2 lobster claws, and 4 chocolate dipped strawberries. The total came out to $48. My friend ordered the same thing but she only got 2 mini cannolis. She payed the same price as me. We should've checked before we left. But I guess we trusted them.Everything tasted pretty good. Nothing epic. I'm not sure of I would go back. Dealing with tourist and a long wait... Probably Not worth it. I'd rather go to a local bakery.
1	I cannot comment on the food because we did not get any.  I was excited to go to Carlos Bakery (since I watch the show) but first let me start by saying it was nearly impossible and a pain to find.  Then when you do find the place it is jam packed with people that you cannot even see the displays to decide what (if anything) you want to order.  There were way too many people and it was chaos.  Totally not worth the wait and not worth looking for when you are in Vegas.  Instead we went to Ben and Jerry's at Casino Royale and ended up just as happy...or maybe even happier after I've read all these sad reviews on the place!
4	I consider myself a connoisseur of pastries. Carlos didn't disappoint...nevermind the endless selections you have or the prices. I've gone three times in the last few weeks, and each time I get the meringue cookie, strawberry shortcake and LOBSTER TAIL. If you like flaky, crunchy, creamy, and sweet (how could you NOT) you must get a lobster tail. The cream inside this croissant like pastry is perfect, not too sweet and absolutely decadent. Customer service is great...but be ready to wait, as it's located inside the Venetian.
4	I watch the show all the time.  So I was excited when I heard they had a bakery in Vegas.  I bought a caramel cupcake, a strawberry cheesecake, and two hazelnut cream puffs.  Everything I bought my wife and I enjoyed.  The only downside was the wait.  The employees were doing the best they could to help people as fast as they could but there only 3 people, two were helping customers and the 3rd was manning the register.  If there had been just one more person helping customers it would have made the wait a lot less.
2	I was so excited to have a cupcake from Carlos bakery because on t.v they make it seem like they are the best in the whole world so I figured I would try them. I had a red velvet and a peanut butter chocolate cupcake.I was quite disappointed actually. It wasn't by far any better than cupcakes at my local bakery " Sift ".
1	I'm sorry to say that being this was the worst experience I had in Vegas. The customer service is horrible. On this occasion we where trying to buy a cake for my friends bday party celebration an this stop definitely ruined the party. The "manager" was rude and kept ignoring me while I was  explaining what I needed. I will never come back here. The service and the attitude we received from the employees were enough for us to go some place else. If you want to come here I suggest have lots and lots of patience or just try a different bakery.
3	I stopped in between sessions at a conference at the Venetian. It took the whole 30 minutes I had available to order and pay.I ordered the Mini Dark Chocolate Mousse, which looked great in the store, but by the time I got it back to my room after an hour long conference session, it was melted and unrecognizable It also turned sideways in the box, and chocolate leaked out, making a bit of mess.I also ordered the strawberry cheesecake which did better.If you come here, I would give yourself plenty of time, and then eat the pastries right away, hopefully with some good coffee.I may give it another shot if I have time.
4	Okay. So this place is pretty much delicious. I'm very very picky with my chocolate. I tried the strawberry chocolate mousse tower - scrumptious. And the chocolate chip cookies - amazing!My boyfriend triedThe tiramisu- pretty good. The carrot cake - bomb! [so he says] Basically, you walk in. Take a number. They call out your number. You order. They prepare it. They call out your number again. You pay.The end. They would have gotten 5 stars, but they don't sell water or milk. Come on! People who eat there are obviously gonna want something to drink.  We didn't wait long, because we went on a Wednesday night. But overall, staff is friendly.Desserts are wonderful.
1	First and last time coming here. The staff are very unhappy looking, rude, didn't even welcome us. A lot of people come here from watching the show Cake Boss, but we were very dissappointed. Food was not to our expectation, very bland taste and undercooked. Lastly, the waiter we had asked us if he could KEEP the change. Instead of waiting for his tip. Very rude and disrespectful. We will not be coming here again.
1	Bad ordering system.... take numbers only 3 people working in front that does everything take order fill order and cashier.  Didn't order anything just left and I noticed a whole lot of others left too.  Not preparing to wait over an hour..... BAD Management
1	The Cake Boss should be ashamed of his store. The service was horrible and we never had any cake. We waited 45 mins.
3	You wait quiet some time and the organization is chaos. We ordered quite a few pastries nothing I am super impressed with but the cheese cake was good! Had a mixture of like a devils food cake taste! Glad I went to try but I won't be coming back just for a pastry
4	Given the popularity of this bakery, we waited 1 hour to experience all the delicious goodies we always see on The Cake Boss.  They have windows on one side of the bakery so you can watch the bakers prepare all the desserts.Staff was extremely busy but still friendly.  We bought the Boston Cream, hazelnut cream puff, chocolate meringue, vanilla meringue, & of course cannoli.  All delicious!!! We'll be coming back on our next visit!
5	Completely a fan of this place!!! Everyone is complaining about the wait but we got in and out in less than 10 minutes and we went on a wednesday afternoon!!! For sure worth the wait!The lobster tails are mind blowing!! Cannolis delicious and the cupcakes YUM!!!I would for sure go back and I had been waiting awhile to try some of the cake boss goodies and it turned out to be everything I expected and more!Stop with the bad reviews about the wait because on the show there is always a wait as well!!!
5	Carkos Bakery in Vegas! Best cupcake in Vegas!!! Big fans of the show. I highly recommend.
5	I love this place! It's the one bakery on the strip where nothing was too sweet. The wait can be a bit hectic depending on the time of day and the staff will surely mess up your order, but if it's sweet, I'll eat it. I did not detect any artificial flavors here and everything tasted fresh. Came here around noon on 5/9/14 to get my tickets to Buddy's Vegas Uncork'd event, which was awesome btw. Line wasn't too bad, I waited maybe 20 minutes. Staff is young and can be unprofessional... something you would attribute to new college students or graduating high school students. They weren't rude, but it'd be nice to get my order right.Lobster tail - remained crispy for two days! Filling is decadent but not heavy, not too sweet, and absolutely delicious. Cannoli - shell is lightly spiced complementing the ricotta filling. This will soften if you leave it overnight, so eat it soon (like you will have any trouble eating it right away).Rainbow cookies - moist and dense just like I like it. Not too sweet as is often the case with this type of cookie.Cream puff - this was okay, I like the asian cream puffs more.Hazelnut Biscottis - These were perfectly sized, crunchy, and heavy on the hazelnut flavor and nuts. I really liked these and will probably buy a big bag to take home next time.Vanilla hazelnut meringue cookie - strong hazelnut flavor and fun to eat! These were generous with the hazelnuts and definitely crunchy. It satisfies when I need a crunch.Wedding cookies - typical pecan butter cookies, nothing special, but good.Chocolate hazelnut tart - I think I wished it had more nutella flavor, but it was good nonetheless. It was light on the hazelnut aroma.Red velvet cake - this comes with cream cheese frosting filling. It's stronger on the cream cheese flavor and I prefer the roux buttercream with red velvet. The cake was very moist and light, I killed it.Star item: GET THE LOBSTER TAIL! You can even get some to take home as they remain crispy for awhile... at least in the dry dessert heat anyway.
2	Okay I get it it's a place from tv.... But to be honest this place isn't that amazing. First off the lady who took my order shorted me on not one but two things! And it took her 5x's as long as any other person to pack it. They need someone too double check the orders before they send it out! I mean come on they pretty much stole 10$ from us.
1	I wanted to make custom cakes from them, but they have a HORRIBLE response time in replying to Email orders. I called and asked to make several custom cakes for friends of mine and they mentioned to email the request.  I sent out an email request and received one reply out of the 4 emails I sent.  The response time to that one email was a week later. Expect long waits throughout the day, with a shortage of staff.  Workers are all still in training mode and incapable of dealing with large volume orders and dealing with crowds.Wait a few more weeks before going here, and hopefully they'll get their operation in order.  Current management is poor, and don't bother emailing them Cake requests.PreMade cakes on the other hand turned out well. I picked up 2 of them for a friends birthday, and all thought the cake was delicious!  one Star for that.
5	We definitely beat the rush!! Very satisfied with our service! Magaly was the one taking our order and she was such a sweetie!! We didn't see chocolate covered strawberries (we wanted some to drink with our champagne for our anniversary) and I asked Magaly about it. She said they don't have any to sell separately, but she would check with the baker. She comes back so happy and smiling and told me her baker would make them for us! It's people like her that do their best to satisfy customers that make me wanna come back! Thanks so much!! We haven't even paid yet or tried anything! I was just too excited to brag about Magaly! Keep up the good work, girl!! Thanks so much!! :) :)
5	Huge selection but get here early because the place gets busy but they move you through pretty quickly
5	I finally got to visit carlo's bake shop this weekend. little difficult to find but ask around and you will be successful. Don't be discouraged with the long line and make sure u grab a number as soon as you arrive. It's a very small location so the line is mostly so it won't be crowded inside store. Very friendly employees. Well waiting in line one of the employees was walking around with a menu to give u a heads up on what to order when your time comes. She also has no problem taking your picture under the Carlo's bake shop sign. Ask employees for their favorite treat.Food: I was not disappointed with the pastries. Canolis, lobster tails and cream omg amazing!!!!!Fairly priced!!!!! Don't get discouraged with the line trust me it's worth the wait!
2	If you like - Sugar, Sugar, Sugar and Slow as Molasses out of the Freezer! Then you will like Carlo's!My husband and I finally on the third try during our stay in Las Vegas got to order at Carlo's and I have to say, if you like sugar then you will like Carlo's but it is NOT worth the wait!We actually took a number went to lunch at Soago, walked back and still had three people in front of us! 1 hour and 40 minute wait for a bakery?The butter cookies ($16.95/pound) were good, the biscotti ($22.50/pound) average (had much better at Pizzeria Mozza to Go in West Hollywood) and the lobster tail ($5.95) - croissant-like dessert with cream-frosting filling - tasty (probably 800 -1,000 calories). The carrot cake cupcake ($3.50), pretty to look at just a but dry - skip the cupcakes. Maybe try the frosting covered brownie??? The best was the triple-chocolate meringue ($3.50) - melted in your mouth!Anyway, grab a # go for a walk 1/2 and come back with coffee and a good book. The usual wait time us 30-75 minutes. BTW - once you get waited on, the servers could not be more helpful and polite!
2	Very busy and unorganized! Grab a number, weave your way to the display case to look at the eye candy and wait about 20+ min in a small cramped shop for your number to be called. I ended up getting a lobster tail, California cheesecake, and crumb cake. Waited another 15+ min for my name to be called so I can pay. There isn't a line for anything, so you really need to pay attention what they're calling out. Ended up being around $25 for those three items. Lobster tail was eh, cream was bland and the pastry was crispy to the point where it was hard. California cheesecake was nothing special or unique. The crumb cake was the most disappointing, it tasted like a dry sponge with brown sugar lumps on top, not even kidding. Don't waste your time or money here.
5	Came to bring my niece to Carlo's bake shop she's a huge fan of cake boss and since she was in town she asked me to bring her here (she's 11yrs old) it was a little difficult locating the store but managed to find it. There was a long line but not as bad we did take a number and within 10 minutes we were taken care of. My nieces face was wowed with all the beautiful desserts. We ordered a large cannoli, a mini chocolate mousse cake and a mini red velvet cake. The texture of the cakes were very good and very moist and spongy. I loved it and most importantly made a highlight of the day with my niece. Would definitely be back to try out other desserts (:
1	Went there today for the first time and as we were waiting in line we saw one of the workers named shanel, eating with gloves on. Then she started to scratch her face, her arms, and her back and never bothered to change her gloves. Then she started to prep some of the pastries. I ended up buying a cannoli which was really good, but that one employee was just very disgusting. And I have this place 1 star because of her.
1	I'm sorry buddy I can only hope this gets to you and you take this seriously. Please go to shop in vegas and try everything. My grocery store (publix) blows your carrot cake. I bout butter cookies to take to my kids and I threw them away as soon as I tasted them , bland with no butter taste. Its hard to accept criticism but I truly believe I am doing you a service. If you don't do anything to change you will see that no matter how much you are on tv customers will stop coming. If you need help I'm happy to assist.
4	I really enjoyed the red velvet cupcake and my boyfriend had a chocolate cupcake.  They were ok! The only thing that didn't make sense was that Carlo's does not serve milk to go with their fabulous desserts. I was told by the staff that I could go downstairs and get milk at Walgreens, which I thought was weird. I'm a local and I don't think I would go back.  Milk...it does a dessert good!
2	Take a number and be prepared to wait and wait and wait some more! So after a 45 min. wait I was hoping for amazing cannoli's and for the price we paid, let's just say I was looking for Buddy himself, because I wouldn't have wanted anyone else to have made them! However I wound up paying $3.50 per cannoli for a giant disappoint and the pleasure of waiting 45 min. in a small crowded bakery along with a ton of other people who were all crowded in on top of each other so we could try to hear our numbers being called because if you missed your number they weren't going to call it again! And it wasn't like you could make your selection or look at the case while you were waiting because the people were so crowded into the bakery like sardines that they were all up on the case blocking it from view from everyone. When your number was called you had to push your way through just to look at the case to see what they even had, but the selection was pretty dismal anyway so it really didn't matter. Your choices were cookies, mini cheese cakes, cannoli's, chocolate covered strawberries or lobster tails. For being such a well known bakery the selection was awful. As for the Carlos Bakery amazing cannoli recipe, they just average and the cookies were just cookies. I will say that the Lobster Tail was pretty good though, but I would never wait in that crazy line for another one.
3	Pastries are better than most. They don't tell you to take the ticket you just see the line, however they will not take you if you didn't get the ticket first. Between the prices as well as the time you have to wait in line (total 1 hour 14min with packing and paying time) my money might be spent better elsewhere.
1	Went for the first time this past Friday night. A long line. I estimated it would take 1 hour to purchase something. Employees were very rude. I went into the store to look at what they were selling. An employee told me I could not look  at the products, I would need to wait in line until I got in the store. Are you kidding me. I left along with 5 other customers in line when  they heard my story. I will not be back.
2	Huge line to get in, about half an hour which made me think it must be good.  When we get to front we are rushed to choose and asked if we can decide quickly because if the line.  Not only is that rude, but the world famous bakery wasn't worth the wait whatsoever.  We ordered chocolate covered cannoli and Oreo cake.  We were all disappointed and pretty much were thinking we wasted a half hour.  No where to sit, rude worker handling line, rude worker taking order and rude cashier.  Will not go back.
3	Had to go just to see what all the hype is about and that is exactly what it is.   It was good, with quality ingredients and a beautiful look. But the taste is average at best.  Better cupcakes and icings to be had at several other bakeries.  The cupcakes just did not live up to the hype and expectations.   Nothing bad or wrong with the food, I just wouldn't wait in a line that long for that quality of taste.  The cakes have an amazing look, not an amazing taste.
2	We were so excited to try this bakery. Unfortunately, we were disappointed. The line was long. We had to take a number and waited about half hour to purchase our sweets.  We bought a few cupcakes and a few cannolis. The cannolis were ok but nothing memorable. The cupcakes were dry and tasted old. I doubt they were baked the day we bought them. Save your money! If you want delicious cupcakes, go to Sprinkles in the Linq.
1	I made the mistake of asking my husband to have this company make my birthday cupcakes. They were dry and nothing to write home to mama about. Funny thing was everyone knew I used this company. Everyone at my birthday party was let down. So we went to smiths and got real cupcakes. I won't return. You get one shot at my birthday it only comes once a year. From the pictures I took the cupcakes look good no they way dry and tasted like they was more than a week old.
1	My hubby and I went today and like a lot of other helpers here stated.... Yep it was a line. Mind you it's Tuesday around 8:18pm. But please get a number as soon as you see the line because that's who they go about receiving your order. I got the California cheesecake which was okay and was nothing to rave about, I also got the vanilla buttercream icing cupcake which was a little dry, and the salted caramel cupcake which was HORRIBLE!!!!!The line isn't worthy it whatsoever.Please save your money and find another bakery. I'm still in search of a really good one.
4	We went here for the 1st time as part of our family double date. There was a 45 minute line! People behind us said they stood in line a previous time but didn't get in on time so here they were again. Glad we didn't give up. We tried all these pastries & none failed us (picture will be posted in pink box): strawberry cheesecake,  chocolate mousse cake, Tiramisu,  cream puff, dark chocolate mouse cake, & large chocolate chip cookie. All were  amazing but dark chocolate mousse cake was heavenly!! Even though it was good, I'd skip the cookie because it wasn't worth $4+. Downfall, pricing is steep for diabetes proned baked goods - even though they did good, nothing was too sweet except maybe the cookie. All this came out to $50...I am coming back for the dark chocolate mousse.  I read other people's reviews & want to try their lobster tail, cannoli, & crumb cake next!! CAN'T WAIT, going again this weekend!! :-D
2	Went for the first time today! Was so excited until i tried the Cannoli. The number one rule is that the WHOLE thing is filled with creme. When i got into the middle of mine there was a big gap. Not ok and your staff needs to be a little mature, maybe higher older people!
3	So since we were in Las Vegas I told my husband that we had to try Carlo's Bakery. I was disappointed... My girls had the brownie and cookie and my husband had the carrot cake cupcake and I had red velvet.  We both agreed our local cupcakery at home was way better than this location.  I think if Buddy came to visit he would feel the same.
3	A little disorganized when it comes time to paying and selecting your product. Danishes were great, had to exchange an M&M cookie for my daughter as it was harder then a rock but the manager was kind and brought one out from the back.
3	This place is definitely just all right. The prices are really high because it carried then Carlos bakery name. If there's no line do it, but waiting 30 plus won't be worth it.I got 2 canolli a chocolate an regular. Te regular was hallow in te center, only the outsides had cream.The chocolate canolli was actually good but the girl had to make it and none were I. The widow so possibly why it was filled all the way.I also got the lobster tail which is actually really good. Pasty was light and flakey and the custard was really good. This is what you should definitely get.
4	I've been watching Cake Boss since the very day it came on. I've always been amazed by Buddy's work and have tried my hand at making pastries and cakes like he does, some which came out incredible some which came out YUCK! But I always told myself whenever I was in New Jersey I'd go to Carlo's to get a cannoli. While in Vegas I discovered they had a Carlo's in the Venetian which was pretty simple to find just follow the signs. I was jumping in excitement, I felt like a 5 year old first time at Disneyland. We got in line and after 5 minutes realized we needed to get a number which was on the counter near the cakes. Waited probably around 30-40 minutes. I got 2 large regular cannoli's and a chocolate cannoli along with 2 butter cookies (wanted to save some to bring back to the fam at home). The prices are way high but it's expected since it is Buddy's chain of Carlo's. Everything was boxed up so cutely I didn't want to open it. When I got back to my hotel room I tried half of the chocolate cannoli, it was soooo good. I saved the others to bring home, the barely made it since it was 2 days later and a hot 8 hour car ride back home but I keep them cold in the cooler, they were a little mushy but my parents didn't complain, my mom said the butter cookie was extra buttery good and the cannoli was good (she loved the little chocolate chips in the filling) though they were soft they were still good, so SUCCESS on my part with transportation and success on Carlo's Bakery side for making good cannoli's and butter cookies. Next time definitely going to try the lobster tails and cheesecake, hopefully it'll be in the NJ store though. My only problem was the wait and everyone cutting in front of you to see what they had in the display I kept saying aloud to my friend "I can't see what to order!!", the lady taking my order was nice enough to tell them to get back in line and wait there turn - Thank you! It was great though, to see a Carlo's bakery after many of years watching it on t.v.
4	Without a doubt, cannolis are one of my favorite desserts ever. So after driving down the strip during a BUSY edc weekend, I notice buddy's picture at the venetian. My heart dropped. I have been wanting to try his cannolis for the longest time. My boyfriend and I even considered getting it shipped on the website just to try, but I knew deep down it wouldn't be the same. After the long weekend with little to no sleep, I begged my friends if we can stop by so I can live one of my many food dreams and eating that beautiful carlo's bakery cannoli. With two hours before the flight, we quickly walked through the canal shops where we waited in a not too long line. That was the first thing that made me happy. I HATE waiting. We weren't in line for very long, maybe about 20 minutes. It was finally my turn to order and there they were, the cannolis I've been waiting to try all weekend! Knowing I couldn't take them all the way back to California with me, especially in that horrible Vegas heat, I had to settle for two :( I also decided to get a few lobster tails and a piece of crumb cake because I was definitely eyeing those as well. Loved the cannoli and the crumb cake! Haven't tried the lobster tail just yet but judging from the other two, I'm pretty sure I will love it as well. I don't remember the girl's name who helped me but she was very nice and helpful! She was kind of short and had glasses. Made my experience just that better. I can't wait for my Vegas trip to get more!
4	Waiting in line sucks... yes we all know this! But this is one line I'd wait in again. I had a lobster tail and a mini canoli. Should of gotten two lobster tails and large canoli as they were very delicious.I feel as if the lobster tail edges out the canoli but both are worth trying. Everything looks good, but is kinda pricey. Nothing is better then some yummy pastries and walking throughout the Venetian.
5	Be prepared to wait in line and look at the menu while you are waiting in line!!! I had a large cannoli and a hazelnut cream puff... It was my last day in Vegas and I was trying to be good!!! Everything in the glass looks inviting!! Staff was super friendly and speedy, loved that this bakery was at the Venetian which I was also staying at!
4	This is a stop you must take if you are in the Venetian! The lobster tails and crumb cake are to die for. It is the best crumb cake I have ever had in my life! The wait time is long but nothing compared to the original location! If you get there early enough the wait time is not bad. I think I was there some time between 11-1 and the wait time was not bad but it got really crowded right after we got there. It is worth it if you are a fan of Cake Boss or just looking for some amazing crumb cake. I highly recommend it. It is also fun to watch the people make the pastries next door while you are waiting for your treats!
3	I went in at about 11pm on a Saturday and the line and waiting for order process was still about an hour long! It is also very pricey, and totally not worth it! I did receive a chocolate cake sample as I waited for my order, and it was actually very good but just everything I actually ordered was just average, I thought it was gonna be something like I've never tried before! Well it wasn't! I did want to try it, I did try it, and that would be the end of it! ;)
5	My kids are huge fans of Cake Boss so when we were on vacation in Vegas and we saw the billboards with Buddy we knew that we had to stop by. Yes, there was a 20 min wait in line but even the service for that was wonderful. I am disabled and I walk with a cane, when the line tender noticed me he pulled me out of line and offered a chair for me to wait in, most places are not that considerate. The sweats were also wonderful and the girls working the counter were very nice as well as helpful. I will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Went there at 750am before they opened. There was a line. Not impressed with it at all. Decided to try it for a second time the next day. Got there at 815am, didn't walk out till 9am. Same disappointment in the goods, not good. Not recommending unless you have lots of time to kill for average baked goods. Way over rated. It must be their marketing tactic to create a line outside because they work slow compared to norm. No sense of urgency or efficiency. They ate slow!!! They write down your order instead of pulling it out from the case as you tell them, then they have you wait while they grab your order n box it. Then you go up to this really sweet cashier lady who is at the same or slower pace. N when you are ready to eat your 40 min wait goods, there's nothing wowing to it. Super average!
1	My fam and I are huge fans of the show, have been since the beginning. Needless to say when we heard Buddy was opening up shop in LV, we were stoked and could not wait to finally try some of the yummy treats we had seen on the show. Sadly, we were highly disappointed - twice! We decided to get my father a Canoli cake for his birthday this year (6/18/14 - "the big 66, retirement at last!") too bad it could not be a memorable one where his cake took center stage. The cake is very different looking from the pics on the website which I guess only apply to the Hoboken location. There were no almond slivers around the cake, the cream was kind of heavy and very bland on the upside the vanilla sponge was ok, just sad that all together it was not good.  We also had the mini canoli, original and chocolate, my daughters thought they were ok - nothing special.  I had the Napoleon, this was the WORST thing I have ever put in my mouth in the disguise of a dessert. The French cream was hard and you could tell had been sitting around for a while, the flaky pastry layers were more like thin sheets of cardboard, they were tough and hard to bite through, I almost broke a tooth trying to bite through it, after a couple attempts,  the Napoleon was totally destroyed and looked like a firecracker went off in it  - for sure had been sitting around for a while. Lastly, the lines are redonkulous! We waited for over an hour and a half on a Sat. night and it was so wrong to see the favoritism on behalf of the young, chubby white guy who was at the door letting people in. We saw him let in, 2 pretty, young ladies - totally bypassed the line and walked right in, about 20 minutes later he did it again with a "punk rocker, tattooed, pierced, pink haired (one side the other shaved) girl." Maybe he feared this one - LOL.So sorry Buddy, we really did want to love your desserts, but hopefully you can make the necessary changes to save this place.  We will for sure try it again in the future with hopes that the third time is a charm! #fingerscrossed #bringthejumbocrumbcaketoLV
2	I was not impressed but was shocked by the prices. RIDICULOUS!  I guess they assume you have extra money to throw around since you're in LV. Anyhow, loved the lobster tails besides the excessive amount of filling. The cannolis where not great. The lb of cookies was 16.95. I think. Cupcakes 3.50 ea. I didnt not expect to pay so much for pastries.   To top it off we stood in a LONG ASS line to order and when i was called to pay and pick up i was told my order of cannolis was taken. Wtf! How does that happen?  Its called shitty customer service and a waste of time.  I saw a pregnant lady leave upset. I would be too, if i was pregnant with a craving!  Seriously, avoid this place unless you wany to give it a try. You were warned. I will try to post up picture of receipt.
5	Waiting in line no bog deal u can watch them make cakes and stuff, had the chocolate canoli was very good, best I had ever had, very good filling . Took home the Napoleon cake, was very good also. Price is a little high but I understand why, quality cost.
5	This place is amazing!!! The lobster tail was great and so was the cheesecake! To many cry baby's on yelp about waiting in line. It's a known bakery of course there is going to be a wait.
3	I pretty much agree with the mixed bag of reviews for this place.  Yes the line is long and it's pricy.  This rating is Not based off that.  Eclairs.  Boring.  Very very run of the mill.Chocolate cannoli.  Pretty good.  Not worth the wait.Lobster tail.   I do not understand the hype around this.  It's an oversized cream puff.American Napoleon.   This thing saved the day!  It was AMAZING.  I will wait in a line just to get this next time I've have a sweets craving in Vegas.  Absolutely the best thing I had there!
3	This place is definitely just all right. The prices are really high because it carried then Carlos bakery name. If there's no line do it, but waiting 30 plus won't be worth it.I got 2 canolli a chocolate an regular. Te regular was hallow in te center, only the outsides had cream.The chocolate canolli was actually good but the girl had to make it and none were I. The widow so possibly why it was filled all the way.I also got the lobster tail which is actually really good. Pasty was light and flakey and the custard was really good. This is what you should definitely get.
2	Because I enjoy watching the show on TV, I was expecting an incomparable experience when tasting the products in the store. I would have preferred the lobster tail dough to be softer however the cream filling was delicious with a touch of liqueur. The cannoli was average and I expected the cup cakes a little more moist and soft. Cheese cake flavor did not stand out from others I've tried. I liked half moon and chocolate butter cookies. I also wanted chocolate covered strawberries, but there were none for sale. I feel you are definitely paying for celebrity and not flavor
1	I love the cake boss show and all of their spin off Shows as well.  It's been a long time that I've been waiting to try Buddie's bakery goods, specially their red velvet cupcake as Carlos so many times teaches other bakers how to master it and it's staple cream cheese frosting.  So, after 20 minutes in line my husband and I finally got to the ordering panel.  By the time we got there, there was no tiramisu.  So my husband ordered a strawberry short cake. I ordered the oh so famous red velvet cupcake. After another 15 minutes waiting for our order, we finally got our goods.  Everything was just ok. I was NOT expecting just ok! The red velvet cupcake looked like a cupcake I can get at traders joe's.  Tasted ok, nothing woow! My husbands strawberry short cake was tasty, but not tasty enough for that price. Even an amazing dessert at a fancy place is slightly cheaper!!!!I wanted to love this place! But, not impressed at all!
3	Counter service great. Daughter loves the show - so why we came. But register service was very slow. Orders piled up. Register was unmanned for 4 minutes and orders were stacked. Traffic flow in store bad too. To get out you have to cross the line.
3	My wife brought home a box after waiting 1 hour in line. Excuse me if I jack this up, because I will... But she brought home 3 canollis, 1 brownie, 1 lobster tail, 1 crumb cake.I wasn't impressed.Canollis- 3/5Brownie- 3/5Lobster tail- 3/5Crumb cake- 4/5I'm glad she took the initiative to wait because if I did I would've been pretty upset.  Instead I came home from work, took a bite from each one and said .... "Meh!"
2	I came here because of Cake Boss & knew for sure I had to try the lobster tails. It's definitely a popular place but the wait is not too long. Grab and number and take a look around. There's a big glass so you can see the workers working in the inside. Seats are limited so grab them quick.  In the end I got a Lobster Tail & a Mini Cannoli. I'd say skip this place. The pastries were nothing special...I actually wish I had stuck to one pastry after seeing the quality of the goods.
2	I was excited to try out this Bakery that people were inline for at least 2 hours to buy a cake!  I called it in a day before and had placed the order and pick it up!  1st the girl answered the phone were very nice but everything i asked she have to put me on hold at least 5min. To check with the Baker, that was happened apparently 3x times during our ordered conversation.  Then 2nd when we go and pick up the cake, the cashier rush you out!  3rd when i came home and opened the cake! There wAs a cracked line on the cake!  I just want the store know that they should open the box before delivery to the client!  The cashier seem to rush me out because they ate busy!  But it taste good!  But was very disappoint of the decoration!
2	The line is ridiculous.The cannolis were already filled so it wasn't as crunchy/crispy as I would want them to be but at least it wasn't soggy.I expected more from the lobster tail since I got them right as they "came out" but, I guess that's what I get for not visiting the Hoboken location...The cheesecakes were meh.I was pretty disappointed. I watched all 7 season of Cake Boss just to be this disappointed.. so sad.
2	Big name, but disappointed in product. My friend and I are local, came down about 7:30 am and was first customer in store. One thing we noticed was the floors looked dirty, especially since the store if fairly new.I realize they are known for their cakes, but I wanted a light buttery croissant, and sadly what I received was a dense dinner roll shaped as a croissant. We had a conoli also, and the filling was quite good but the shell was thick and tasted like it was frozen or stale. We ordered some cashew butter cookies and was hard like a biscotti, maybe it is supposed to be that way.The staff was nice and I'm glad I checked it out, but it was nothing special and didn't WOW me.
3	What the huh?  I got all kinds of excited to see the cake boss bakery.  Didn't know it was there.  Walked in and I saw the line and I thought this must be some good shit.  Plus my wife said his shop on the tv has a line a mile long so I waited and I waited and did I mention I waited.  Had no idea what they served because I just jumped in line.  Then I thought what if I don't want anything but I stood in line for 45 minutes.  I'll be damned if I don't get something.  I ended up getting one caramel cupcake, 1 yellow with chocolate icing cupcake and a half a pound of cookies dipped in chocolate.   So my wife can't have them because of her peanut and tree nut allergy I gave them a big bite(I didn't eat them all in one setting).  The cupcakes were Meh!  Not much flavor.  The icing was good but wasn't what I expected.  Guess I was thinking it would be rich but wasn't.   The cookies were better but I wouldn't stand in line like I did for them.  Pretty pricey too but it's vegas.
2	with all the shows of cake boss I have seen I know that buddy would not be happy with the product I recived today.  perhaps his father might be turning in his grave.     Floors are dirty   I  would hate to know what we really don't see behind the doors.  The lobster tail was tuff to chew , the filling was good.   cookies just so so    all not worth the drive across town to wait in line when the local grocery stores have better product.    I am sure there are good pastries in their shop but one chance is all it takes to say no not worth it..  I hope that buddy does read these comments   I wish the shop the best .  the lines are not worth it.
4	I love this place. Wait is long so come before 10 am. The cannolis was good but really didn't care for the lobster tail.
1	Let's just say my grandmothers and moms baking is WAY better than this. It's overrated and blehhh. Definitely not worth the wait or the price. Go to your local mexican panaderia and I promise you'll spend less time, less money and say "YUM! Que bueno!" more times than this ....whatever they call it.."fancy cakes." I wish Buddy did something about those employees, they have absolutely no sense of urgency when it comes to service. ANDALE! you have people waiting mensos!!
2	We went last week and waited in line about an hour. The employee at the front of the line only let's in a few at a time and tells you to go to the front. I walked to the front counter but that wasn't where she wanted me to go, where she wanted me to go was to the end of the counter closest to the hall where I'd just come in from, sorry but that's not the front. Once you stand there someone will come over and take your order but you can't really see everything without walking around first unless you are psychic and know what's in the cases. The small tiny one person sized dessert cakes are way overpriced at either 7.95 or 9.95 each depending on which one you got. I love cannolis but theirs was too hard and crunchy and the filling was ok nothing worth the wait. My fave cookie is the black and white and my fave place to get one is still the deli at the south point hotel,  the one here just plain wasn't good. Frosting was okay but cookie itself not good. For the prices I expect much better quality.  They were also giving away samples of what I was told was a butter cookie but it wasn't even close to being as good as a walkers shortbread. I took one bite and threw rest away. Ivebhad better from keebler and nabisco.I don't know if buddy has gotten to big for his britches and lost sight of quality control or if they have always been about par and perhaps the people of new jersey just never had anything good to compare it against. We've now had stuff from both locations and I still don't like it.
1	Waited about 30mn to order their famous lobster tail. The girl said we had to wait 45mn for them to cool down. Went to the casino to play a little, came back, asked the cashier if the order was ready. She said she'll check. Sat down. Waited 10mn. Asked the cashier again. She said we had to wait another 30mn!!! HELL Nah! Really pissed that she didn't come up to us to let us know. We had to go up to her and ask. Asked for a refund. They of course refused! Had to argue with the manager for about 20mn. By the time we left, the lobster tails came out! If I were the manager, I would've offered them on the house or something to want to come back. Ain't nobody got time for that! Big Name, Little Satisfaction
1	I visit the location on the Las Vegas Strip. After waiting in the line for a hour and half because of the hype from watching the store. I was so disappointed the cupcakes in all flavors were so dry and tasteless. I was so upset because watching the store and how much care he put into his cakes on there I would have expected for it to be better. But I guess like many place the more famous you get the less you worry about the quality of your product.
4	Worth the long line and high prices. Crumb cake, carrot cake, and strawberry shortcake were out of this world. The line was about an hour when we went. They need to speed up their process which is why I couldn't give 5 stars. And unfortunately we didn't run into Buddy.
3	'm a huge fan of the show and a Vegas local so I was super excited when the bakery came out at the Venetian. But Carlo's Bakery was definitely a disappointment. The pastries were dry and didn't have a lot of flavor. There were some okay pieces, like the  brownie. I got the cannoli cake and I was expecting something great, but well. I guess it's not the same because it's not Buddy and the crew back there!
2	I visited Carlo's Bakery while in Las Vegas last weekend. The desserts behind the counter looked scrumptious so I ordered one cannoli and a lobster tail. The desserts were a disappointment. I won't be back!
1	This place is a waste of time. You wait in line for over an hour. Granted I understand their method of a conventional style bakery. But to that fact maybe you should include on your website, the fact not all of your desserts are "served daily". Very disappointed and feel that they should fix situations like this instead of the usual "sorry" and smile.
3	I love the show Cake Boss and all the off-shoots. This place is small, but seems very clean and organized. There is a long line to get in to order due to the celebrity status that Buddy has achieved. Nevertheless, as much as I really would have wanted to give it high marks, I can give it only 3 stars based on my one time visit and taste experience.
2	We visited the bakery today.  We went because my daughter is a fan of the show and wanted to see the bakery. We arrived at 4:00 p.m. and were told it was about an hour wait. We stood in line only because I didn't want to disappoint my daughter. It took us 45 mins to get into the bakery. I have to say, I was underwhelmed. I was expecting more of a variety. Don't get me wrong, they have cupcakes, cookies, biscotti, eclairs, a few different pastries and cannolis. No pies and a few cakes. Not to mention way OVERPRICED!!  They write your order down then have you wait another 10 mins, in a very small waiting area, while they package your goodies. Very inconvenient. We purchased 4 small cannolis, 2 strawberry cheesecakes (@ 10.95 each and they are a bit larger than the cupcakes), 1 sugar dipped cookie (they sell the cookies by the pound, 22.50/lb), 1 lobster tail, 1 cupcake and 1 chocolate mousse cake ( same size as the cheesecake). The grand total?  $58.37!!!  I get that this is located on the strip and it's all about the almighty dollar, but I will not return. The quality of the goodies is mediocre at best, with the exception of the lobster claw. The cream filling was very good. All this really is, is the Venetian using Buddy's name but the quality is severely lacking. If this is what represents what you would get at one of the bakeries in New Jersey, I don't get the hype. It was a huge disappointment.
2	Super over rated, after 40 minutes in line I was expecting something way better, the food is average and pricey
2	This place is nothing great than a regular bakery you find at the end of every street in america.They have very limited selection of pastries and they tasted mediocre.The cup cakes werent perfectly iced and they were sliding . Not a big fan of their work.overpriced and over hyped
2	I was a bit disappointed. I love the show and been waiting to travel to New Jersey to visit this place.  I order the Lobster Tails and Crumb Cake. Either didn't actually move mountains for me. For the price I paid for 2 lobster tails and 1 crumb cake $20bucks seem to be very expensive and I was surprised at the flavor....didn't seem fresh....a total disappointment. The ticket system they have seems to help keep the massive crowd controlled but I have to say the wait time  to order is a bit long. Hopefully things are better at the actual venue in New Jersey. Gonna give them one more chance.  Still love the tv show though.
4	We liked it. My 6 year old has watched every episode of cake boss on Netflix and we waited an hour to grab a treat. Ultimately we were happy with what we got.  A lobster tail, 3 canollis,  a dark choc mini cake and a Boston Cream Pie mini. The BCP was a little dry but wasn't horrible. We thought they were over all really good.
1	We waited about 45 mins for over priced chocolate mini cakes that we extremely dry. They need more staff to help move the line along faster, only having one register open after dinner is ridiculous.  Don't waste your time it money on this place.
1	The pastries are mediocre definitely not worth the time or money! Save your time and go to Bouchon Bakery, easily 10 times better. The staff at Carlo's bakery is incompetent, at least the night I went. We ordered 10 different items, which for some reason took them 20 minutes to box up. Before paying, the gentleman showed us the boxes and asked if it looked correct, upon examining the items we informed him that the order was not correct. Another 20 minutes went by and finally the cashier called us over, I asked her what was inside the boxes and explained how the first time around the order was screwed up, her response to me was "I don't know, read the receipt" (how rude!! What if I was a tourist and was illiterate?). Long story short I got to my hotel room and yet again the order was wrong!!
2	Over rated,  nothing to rave about please. High prices pastry. Not worth the wait time. Disappointed! !
4	Holy Canoli! And crumb cake! Also loved the cheesecake!  Lobster tail didn't do it for me...neither did the carrot cake or red velvet.
3	Big fan of cake boss. I wAs excited to try his goods. We wait about 40 min to get to door once there notice only 3 staff members working. They write your order then you wAit again to pay. Buddy happen to be there taking picture with fans. He was very kind with his time but he should have been looking at the flow of business. Once fan took picture they got out of line didn't buy anything. I purchased 8 item payed over$30.taste ok but we will never visit again not worth the time or money. Make me sad to even say that I was expecting great quality/taste. Good luck buddy fans will stay in line once but not come back.
5	LOVE Carlo's Bakery. My husband convinced me to go to Vegas by saying I could eat some treats here. Sooo glad I allowed him to talk me into it. We came in the late afternoon. There was a pretty long line. I was nervous as I had read here how slow it was. I found this to not be the case. We waited in line past the restrooms for about 20 minutes. The girl in charge of the line did a great job at keeping the line moving and nicely telling people who were cutting where the end was. Once inside it was a bit smaller than it should be. I ordered my lobster tails and some cupcakes. The person who helped me was wonderful and called me up soon to check my order. Then I had to wait to be called up again to pay. Thankfully they opened a second register which made it much quicker. I've had one of the lobster tails. Yummy and soooo worth it. Loving them. Cupcakes are actually nice and moist and delicious. A little pricey but worth it in my opinion. Definitely would recommend this place especially the lobster tails.
2	I am not at all a fan of the Cake Boss. I've never seen the show. However my cousin is and is the reason for my recent visit to Carlos's Bakery. When we got there the line wasn't as long as I expected from pictures that I've seen which I was pleased with. It was about a 25 minute wait to even get inside the bakery. When we finally got inside and waited for someone available to take our order the man didn't even look at me or ask if I had been helped before he greeted the lady behind me. I quickly said hello to him to get his attention, only then did he realize he skipped over me. My cousin and I had been standing for a while looking so we already had our order ready. I watched the man write down my order correctly and stepped aside to wait to be called. He called me over to check if my order was write. It was missing two things. I don't understand how you forget two things when you wrote it down and the case is literally two inches in front of your face, not to mention it wasn't a very big order.  So I'm finally called up to pay and the women repeats my order back to me before charging me and everything she repeated was correct. It wasn't until I got home that I noticed she charged me for a "large chocolate cannoli" and not a "large chocolate chip cookie" even though she repeated back "cookie." The cannoli does cost more than the cookie so I was very upset with that. No one in this place has any sense of urgency. Everyone just kind of shuffles around slowly as if they didn't have a crowd outside of the door. When we sat down to eat our desserts I was desperately hoping they would at least be good enough to make all this worth it. But of course they weren't. All the desserts tasted like any other bakery. They weren't bad but weren't anything special either. If I wanted average food I would go to a regular bakery. The lobster tail was good, I'll give them that. But that's about the only good thing I have to say about it. All in all I would have to say I would never recommend this place to anyone. The workers are incompetent, the food is average and very over priced, and the wait time is ridiculous.
5	Ohhhh wow did not expect this place to be all that great but of course I was wrong haha. The line is super fierce but of course def worth it ;)
5	Had to visit the Carlos bakery and went on a sat. Night. The line was as long as a show line in Vegas. Didn't wait but went back at 745am before they opened at 8. Already 10 people in front of me. Wow but worth the wait. Very organized pleasant staff, prices reasonable, best lobster tails I ever had. The cannolis are to die for. Yum I will be back waiting in line before I leave Vegas. Kudos to the manager and to buddy.
5	I heard the lines can reach up to 2 hours but i went at about 4 and only waited 40 minutes. They were out of canolis but i ate at his restauraunt right after and they had both the canolis and the lobster tails which were THE BEST IVE HAD. The cupcakes were moist and delicious. 10/10
2	What a shame. Definitely hasn't lived up to the hype. The cupcakes are extremely dense (almost bagel like) and taste store bought. They were barely average. Also we bought the blue cake with brown polka dots that is shown on the show quite a bit. Just average and kind of chemically in taste.  On the bright side, the cream puffs were amazing. Overall, it most certainly wasn't worth the hour wait and was way over-priced. We live near Retro Bakery in the NW part of town. Their cupcakes and cakes are WAY better than C.B.'s desserts.
5	OK, here's the bottom line.  Carlo's bakery is a world famous name.  You are going to have to wait in line and it is going to be crazy inside the bakery, as every bakery should be.  Get over it.  This is a real New York style bakery (which I have seldom found outside of New York no matter what the sign says).  New York baked goods are less sweet than out here and the flavors are more subtle. . . the way it should be.  Everything I had was SPOT ON as far as flavor and presentation goes.  On a scale of 1-10, cheese cake was a 9.  Crumb cake was a 10.  Canaille was a 10 (was pre filled which was a little disappointing but still nice and crispy.  Brownie with nuts was a 7.  Both the carrot and red velvet cupcakes were a 10.  I am a baker and very hard to please.   I say go, wait in the line and enjoy some baked goods the way they were meant to taste.
5	OK, here's the bottom line.  Carlo's bakery is a world famous name.  You are going to have to wait in line and it is going to be crazy inside the bakery, as every bakery should be.  Get over it.  This is a real New York style bakery (which I have seldom found outside of New York no matter what the sign says).  New York baked goods are less sweet than out here and the flavors are more subtle. . . the way it should be.  Everything I had was SPOT ON as far as flavor and presentation goes.  On a scale of 1-10, cheese cake was a 9.  Crumb cake was a 10.  Canaille was a 10 (was pre filled which was a little disappointing but still nice and crispy.  Brownie with nuts was an 8.  Both the carrot and red velvet cupcakes were a 10.  I am a baker and very hard to please.   I say go, wait in the line and enjoy some baked goods the way they were meant to taste.
3	after reading all the below reviews, I tried to talk my daughter out of this "promised" trip to see "Buddy's" Bakery. She is so in love with "Cake Boss" that I made a promise we would go see his shop once we were in Vegas. I read the reviews and hoped I could persuade her out of it, but no such luck...We went on a Monday afternoon around 1045 am. the line was out the entrance and had about 30 isn people or so in line. we waited about 35 minutes before we were able to place our orders. We basically picked an assortment and paid about $40 for everything. We took photos, played games and just enjoyed the experience since we knew we had n o choice but to wait it out.Here are the goods:  The overall time spent from end of line to receiving the box of goodies was 55 mins. Not bad compared to what some people waited.  The treats were tasty, not great but overall good.  the experience was fun, since we knew what to expect based upon the reviews. The staff was super friendly, at least the woman who helped us was. she even smiled when we wanted to add one more dessert to our order after the initial order. the Bad: Pastries were good, not great. Absolutely no place to sit nearby or anything for the older crowd. (We had a 80 yr old woman with us.) a little pricey, Buddy wasn't there which disappointed my daughter, lol.Overall it was an experience I'm glad we did, but won't do it again. It's a once and done kind of experience.
4	Went on a Friday around 9:30 am.  Waited in line for about 30-45 mins. to order then waited about another 15 mins. for them to pack my goodies and pay.I ordered the dark chocolate mousse cake, cannoli, lobster tails, and strawberry cheesecake.  If I had to rank the goodies I got in order from my favorite being the first, it would have to be dark chocolate mousse cake, lobster tails, strawberry cheesecake and then the cannoli's. If you like dark chocolate like me, you will definitely love the dark chocolate mousse cake.  Wish I had me a piece right now.
3	I have been dying to go here!! It was a dream come true to hear then open one up in Vegas but I hate to say it's not what I expected. We started off waiting in a long line which wasn't so bad it moved within a good time frame. The bakery floor was just so small! I mean I understand the culture behind it but in all honesty it's Vegas! It's inside Venetian it wouldn't hurt to make it a big bigger then most bakery's. It was our first time here, we asked about some items we wanted to know more about but the employees who took our order didn't have much to say about the detests. How can you sell something to someone not knowing what it contains? That threw me off guard especially with the expectations Buddy is known for. I love desserts the price doesn't matter I'll pay what I need to get what I want but this wasn't worth it. Maybe it was a bad experience I want to believe it was atleast. I'm a huge fan if Buddy but this bakery doesn't feel like it was anywhere near that urgent, knowledgable, tasty vibe you get on the show. I don't even know if there will be a next time for us. I literally ordered a good amount I wanted to say I tied half their options and maybe the Lobster Tail was the only one that stood out. They need to step it up!I'm only giving a 3 cause of the name behind the bakery.
2	Waited in line for an hour. Then another 15-20 after placing order for 1 cookie and a red velvet cupcake. Cookie was average, cupcake was dry and bland. Lots of hype but did not deliver for us.
2	Don't bother unless you just want to say you have gone to Carlo's Bakery. We waited in a long line for about 45 minutes to get in $35 dollars later it was a disappointment. We bought the lobster tail, which was extremely dry, hard, and not tasty, the cannoli was hard as a rock, the chocolate chip cookie was alright nothing special, the only thing I enjoyed was the brownie. It was moist, but nothing special. We ate at his restaurant which is right across from the bakery, and the dessert was worth it. It was delicious and tasty. Don't bother with the bakery go straight to the restaurant instead and have dessert there. They serve it to you fresh.
3	The line is very long.The crumb cake-not good.The chocolate cannoli-good.The dark chocolate mini cake-amazing!              -Samantha (Sami)
2	I was very disappointed with the experience I thought it would be better considering he's so famous and he goes around to other bakeries and tells them how to bake! I love the show and was so excited about going to the bakery and then it just was a huge letdown! The cupcakes we're not that great I got a red velvet cupcake the ratio of frosting to cupcake was not good also got a carrot cake cupcake it was ok don't get me wrong they look beautiful they just don't taste as good as they look.... My daughter got a Boston cream pie it looks like something you would get at a hospital did not taste good and was really small and cost $8! The only thing I can say good about the place was the lobster tails were pretty good and the cannolis were okay... The prices were way too expensive. You would think considering he is at the Venetian hotel that there would be a shop to actually do shopping in but there's not the bakery is tiny and there's nowhere to actually get souvenirs, and because the bakery is so small you feel rushed, not only that you can't even tell where the line starts and were the bakery actually is in the hotel! I seriously would not waste my time with this shop not worth it! Customer service isn't that great huge lack of communication! I have been a huge fan of buddies from the start but now I don't know what to think! I'm really grateful that I didn't waste the money to have the cannolis shipped to my house totally not worth it! If you're in Vegas and the line is huge honestly I wouldn't even waste the time its not worth it! Just disappointed! I seriously feel like even if I was in New Jersey on vacation I would not even stop at his shop now because of this.... I hope that maybe in a few more months his bakery will get better maybe it's just because it just opened who knows not even sure if I'll ever give it another shot though but we'll see....
1	Don't waste your time or money here. First you have to wait in a line to order your desserts then they send you to another line to pay. Once you are waiting in line to pay they call you name you think its to pay for your order but they are just showing you your order after they have put it in the box. now you have just lost your spot in line and have to wait again for them to call your name for a 2nd time. The desserts were just OK, i have had way better. Worst of all they were extremely rude! I wanted to buy a kids shirt ,which they had on display. I asked for one and the girl just kept saying that they only had size small. I could see bins full of t-shirts. I asked if it was child's SM or adult and all she could respond with was "its just small". I also was talking to another woman who was waiting. she only ordered 1 pastry and was there before we got there. she was still waiting even after i paid for my order. She asked what was going on and the girl behind the counter and gave her a dirty look and said "I called your name like 10 times and you never came up." Her name was never called. The employee just kept telling her that she should have been listening. All around poor experience.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I waited in line for almost an hour, which I was willing to do. I thought the experience was cool- to watch the bakers and the service was well organized but none of the pastries were impressive! we order the tiramisu, canolis, cheese cake, crumb cake, boston cream cake, snow balls. I would rather eat at the Bouchon bakery nearby.
2	While the lobster tails were very good, cannolis not so much.  Rugelach was good,but OMG pricy.  Like 23 or 24 dollars a pound.  Here is my big complaint.  I spent about $24.00 but then I was charged over $2.00 tax.  I was PO'ed.  I promptly phoned Carlo's and the gal who answered told me they charge tax on everything.  I asked who the manager was and I was told TINA.  I left my name and number and asked if Tina would return my call.  This was 6 weeks ago and I am still waiting.  Well I am so angry I had phoned the franchise tax board who confirmed that I should not have been charged sales tax.  Here is this tremendous business who is overcharging customers over 8% on every single purchase.  The only item they could charge tax on is a beverage or a pastry eaten at their counter.  Another example of the tax scam is go to Sprinkles at the Linqs.  If I order 4 cupcakes no tax.
4	I was thrilled to visit this bakery, I was not thrilled to make that 30 minute line. The choices are so limited!! Nothing like the Hoboken original bakery shown on tv. The canolis not so good I guess since we went late they were probably there for hours. The reason I gave it 4 stars regardless the bad stuff the lobster tail was amazing!!!!!!  It was big, tasty and great prize! I am now looking forward to go to the one in Hoboken in December!
2	Was expecting so much more because i love cake boss..... Do not get the cannolis!!!! If anything, get the strawberry tarts.
3	This place definitely has a lot of hype surrounding it, but I would have to say it is just another tourist trap. The lines are about 1-2 hours depending on the time of day and day of the week you arrive. I guess it is part of the experience, but for a local, I don't find that very appealing or any thing that I would want to do on a weekly/monthly basis. It took us about an hour or so to get in last night and when we finally did we were served by a very friendly set of employees. We bought a mini chocolate cannoli, a pastry called a lobster tail, a cheesecake, and a Carmel cupcake.  The best of the 4 was the lobster tail, it is a crunchy pastry filled with a cream that was definitely enjoyable.  The cannoli was very gritty and I will probably not purchase it again if I were to return. The Carmel cupcake was mediocre at best and not worth the wait when there are places that specialize in amazing cupcakes all around the strip. The cheesecake was good, but for $11 you can get that anywhere on the strip at a larger size and better quality.  We always try these tourists traps as locals just so we can see if they meet the hype, but with the long wait and price attached to all we got, I don't see myself standing in this line again.
2	The quality/price ratio is pretty low...e.g. $11 for a mini cheese cake 3.5" in diameter, or "genuine italian cannoli" made without fresh ricotta cheese.If you wanna get in you have to queue for almost an hour.There's limited seats and it's not nice to eat your pastries there, you'll have to get it to go...which makes it even more expensive, considering that it's essentially a to go place.The staff is friendly.Overall, you can find much better pastries for that price or even less.
3	This "Cake Boss" offering is quite popular - LONG lines for pastries that are generally good, but not great.  Very visually attractive but uneven quality.  Cream in puffs felt oily and were certainly not fresh cream.  Cakes were pretty good and sour cream based frosting was very goodI would recommend visiting when the line is short - we lucked out about 11am.  Not worth a longer wait in my mind
4	I got the Chocolate Strawberry Mousse Tower and it was delicious. I also got a Lobster Tail and a mini Dark Chocolate Mousse Cake for my husband and the kids to try. I'm sure they'll be just as good, based on the reviews on here. The wait was about 1 hr, but I was expecting it, so it didn't seem that long. I'd say it's definitely worth going if you're a fan of the show. I don't know when I'll ever make it to Hoboken to go to the original Carlos.
1	The management doesn't know how to handle large crowds. They need a better work flow system. Waited 1.5 hours, got chocolate cannoli and regular cannoli. I gave the regular cannoli to a homeless person only because I didn't want to waste food. Truly disappointed! Not worth the wait, time, or money!
1	Wanted to write a good review but I couldn't the line was so long!!!!!!!! Went there twice!!!! Sad I really had high expectations
1	Very poorly done and visually unattractive.  I was beyond excited to hear that there was a Carlos bakery at the Venetian. We went out of our way to visit and was quickly disappointed. The long line outside the bakery was awkward as it was broken in two and cordoned by rope to make room for bathroom users. Across the way from the bakery was a Buddy's restaurant that was mostly empty.   We thought to come by after dinner for a shorter line. The second time we returned, the line was slightly shorter and was creeping along slowly.  The bakery itself is claustrophobic and the front display case faces to the side.  You can't easily view the pastries while waiting.  I took a peek inside the cases and the cakes and pastries looked average --nothing that you would expect after watching the show. We ended up ditching the bakery without buying anything and we won't return.  A gigantic waste of our time.  No excuse for the Venetian to build another restaurant rather than use the ample space to build the bakery as it should.
4	It gets 4 stars because of the lobster tails & cannolis and because I love Cake Boss. I took off 1 star because of the red velvet cupcake which was just not good at all. I'm a red velvet snob and expected a red velvet cupcake from Carlo's to be like everything else I've tried there.. Amazing. It wasn't. Hard to describe what exactly was wrong but didn't even taste like red velvet to me.Anyway, lobster tails are my favorite, hands down! They're amazing. I literally constantly crave them. My friend wanted them to add some chocolate on top of hers when we went and they wouldn't do it but I'm fairly certain that would be really good.Their cannolis.. Mm so good! I visited the Carlo's in Hoboken a few years ago and had a cannoli so I had to try the ones here. I had the regular one and the chocolate one. Both are great!My friend got a hazelnut covered cream puff in addition to some lobster tails and she said it was really good. It is a must try for me for next time.I spent about $28 (I think) for two lobster tails, two cannolis and two red velvet cup cakes. Also, there were a lot of people there in a small space but they do try to get to the next number (yes, you have to take a number when you get there) quickly. I didn't have any issues with the customer service either.. Everyone was friendly!I would, however, recommend a way for customers to be able to know what is in the display cases before ordering. Even while ordering at the one with the pastries, you're unable to see the cupcakes case as people are standing everywhere while waiting and vice versa. I probably missed out on something simply because I couldn't see it and didn't know it was there. After reading some other reviews, it seems there is now a line to get in which should alleviate that problem.
2	We were at the Venetian for brunch and my friends, who are fans of the show  (I have never seen it), wanted to stop by and check it out. I had been warned before that the line to order is always long. We waited in line for about 30 minutes or so. The staff was very friendly and everything looked amazing. I did think the prices were high though. However, I thought I would get some things to try (see if they were worth the price). I ordered an eclair ($2.50 and it was very small), 2 peanut butter cookies ($1.95 each) and an individual red velvet cake ($9.95 which is way overpriced for one small cake). In my opinion I don't think they were worth the money.  With those prices I expected it  to be absolutely amazing. They weren't bad, I've just had better else where at half the cost. If you don't mind waiting in the line and want to check it out do so. I just don't think I'll be back again.
2	Went to this place when we visited Vegas for a wedding.. I love the show so I figured the 2.5 hour line was worth it... We'll, not so much. While I must admit the selection and display is beautiful, I wasn't blown away by the taste of their product. My cannoli cream was gritty and the shell wasn't very crisp by time I got to eat it. My fudge cupcake- frosting was okay but I myself make better.. And finally, I got this cake thing- it was white chocolate mousse covered with chocolate. The mousse was WAY!! To sweet, and I wish the chocolate shell would have had a crunch to it.I know I bought some other items too, but overall I wasn't too empresses.. Waiting 2.5 hours and paying about $30 for something that I could make or buy in Wisconsin tasting better and cheaper than this place, why'd I even come?? Should have listened to my mom and just taken the picture outside and gotten desserts someplace else..
3	Luckily, Carlo's goodies were bought for me as a gift so I didn't have to endure the long wait that seems to be an issue. The desserts however were pretty mediocre. I am a fan of Cake Boss and I was stoked when I saw billboards up advertising that Buddy now had a bakery in town!  Long story short, the lobster tail was pretty darn good but the cupcakes, cheesecake and cannolis could've been from the bakery section at the local grocery store and I wouldn't have known the difference. Super disappointing. Nothing was bad but nothing was worth the price or excitement.
5	August 2, 2014Stood in line for over an hour for this? Totally worth it! No matter what it is that you purchase, they pastries are all delicious and not too sweet! My favorite is their Napoleon. Their cheesecake is, according to my mom, better than the ones I brought back from New York. Carlo's is worth the wait and you will not regret it at all! Promise!
1	My boyfriend and I didn't mind waiting the 45 min because it was Carlos Bakery.  I ordered  the mini cheesecake with fruit, he had the raspberry tart.  I kid you not the cheesecake had no flavor and the raspberry tart was two dried cookies with jam in the middle.  I wouldnt have minded paying for overpriced pastries if they were any good.  Sadly they were TERRIBLE.  Don't waste an hour of your life on below par crap.  Makes me wonder if Carlos bakery is just pure hype.  Zero stars
3	I was beyond excited to finally try the pastries from here but I gotta say i was pretty disappointed... I got different flavored cheesecakes, canolis, red velvet cupcakes, crumb cake and these other pastries I don't remember the names of. The cheesecakes had no crust which is like the best part and they were overall tasteless. The red velvet cupcakes tasted like regular vanilla and the cream cheese icing was overwhelming. Canolis were VERY soggy! I couldn't even finish one because it felt like mush in my mouth. I dont even remember the other pastries. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the crumb cake is beyond amazing and the guy who attended us was very friendly. Oh and another thing was that it was very difficult to get to the register to pay after we had chosen our things because there are sooo many people in the way and once we got there we had to reach over some guy to pay because he refused to move and the cash register lady didn't do anything about it. Overall disappointed and not worth it.
1	I used to love the show, and Buddy is always talking about doing a great customer service... well... that's exactly the opposite of what I got... many employees - but not being able to handle customers, when I was asked for my name, I spelled it - (an Italian name on a Italian owned business), and the employee changed my name on purpose, joking that it would be easier to say - when I said I would consider that offensive... she laughed on me.I was about to explode at that time, when she called me wrong again, and when I literally asked "what the heck is wrong with you", she started to say "I'm sorry - in between laughs".In the end... I really didn't like the canoli - one of my very favorites pastries... too heavy... the lobster tail is very decent... will return? Absolutely not... not even when in Hoboken... VERY disappointed. Watching the man give other owners words of wisdom on how to improve their business, he could use some of those words on his own business.By the way... he was inside - talking to employees and not even a smile to the crowd outside... I think friendliness is just for TV.
2	We were really looking forward to experiencing Carlos bakery. Waiting over 30 minutes to get inside was totally doable. Everything looked sooo good! However, everything we tried (cannoli, crumb bun, chocolate chip cookie, triple choc chip cookie, apple turnover and coconut macaroon) EVERYTHING was tasteless. Not worth the $39.00 spent nor the time. Just save the time and money, take some pics and call it a day!
4	My friend keep talking about buying some treats here while our trip in vegas. The line was not as bad we arrived @10pm and we made friends waiting line so made it more fun. My rexommendation to be there as soon they open because they have somethings only in the morning. Bought extra for the family and they loved ut so the wait is totally worth and make sure you take enough $$$$$. When your there you go over bored. I wanted to try everything but they had rub out ofalot things but defenetly going back
5	Went here Tuesday 9/2 and there was only a short wait. The workers that helped me were  very friendly and helpful. Everything I ordered was delicious especially the cannoli and lobster tail!!!!!! I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas!!!!
3	I just don't understand why they would make this place so small?? They know the one in Hoboken is popular, so why wouldn't they make the one in Las Vegas bigger? The pastries were good but they got our order wrong. We ordered 2 cookies, a strawberry cheesecake and a lobster tail. They gave us 2 loster tails and the cookies. They tasted good but the cookies were hard as a rock (I think they were coffee cookies) we might be back and hopefully we will have a better experience
5	Maybe it's because I was born and raised in Hoboken and was able to enjoy these pastries with no line before the fame so I may be biased. The pastries fir years have been amazing so I never mind the wait. To me it taste awesome but it's a taste of my childhood and I would wait online to recapture that moment. The line is not that bad for what you get. Lobster tail and cannoli was great!!! Everything there is great!!!!
4	YUM. I tried the cannoli, lobster tail, & crumb cake. To be honest the crumb cake was very very hard like a brick. But the others were very tasty. As for the line we only had to wait about 10 minutes. We came around 4pm on a Saturday, today. The workers were also very friendly and talkative so that was nice. :)
2	I'v been watching Cake Boss for years now and after my experiences at Carlo's Bake Shop I have come to the conclusion that Buddy and the Bakery is a case of a TV show making things look way better than they actually are. One thing I noticed from the show is that Buddy excels at making Cakes LOOK amazing but have you noticed everything is produced from sheet cake? There's no real skill at baking a sheet cake, even my 4 year old Niece can do that.Visiting on a Tuesday evening the Bakery wasn't as busy as I expected so if you don't want to wait long this is the time to come!The ordering system is all over the place and there are three, yes THREE lines for the whole ordering process:1. Line to get into the Shop.2. Line to order.You're then stood awkwardly hanging around the till to have your name called to check your order is correct before then waiting again to have your name called again.3. Line to pay.The items myself and my Sister In Law ordered were extremely underwhelming.- Caramel Cupcake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/carlos-bake-shop-las-vegas#z99RKrkzTHMyAvPytNK2Pg). Cupcake was dry and there was barely any Caramel flavor. The sponge itself was Vanilla with a lightly Caramel flavored whipped Cream Frosting and a blob of Chocolate.- Caramel Pecan Cookie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/carlos-bake-shop-las-vegas#UMNG2Ovvk7h25q7uIl723w)  Crumbly, Sweet, Buttery. My favorite of the items I got.- Jelly filled Cookie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/carlos-bake-shop-las-vegas#QRUgV7htWb05IsFC77sHdg). Tasteless, dry.My Sister In Law didn't like the items she got either - Chocolate Cupcake and Chocolate Brownie. She said that the Cupcake went in the trash after 2 bites and the Brownies I made her just a few days before we ''a million times better''.Sorry Buddy, just not feeling this.
4	We didnt have to wait very long which was nice. I ordered a tiramisu cake and a chocolate mousse cake with strawberry. The tiramisu cake was DELICIOUS! I would order that again. The chocolate mousse cake was ok. I wouldnt get that again. It was a little pricey but I expected that. I love the large window as youre waiting. Someone was decorating a cake inside and its just fun to watch.
1	So disappointed, went to the Venetian last night excited to try some pastry's at Carlo's Bake Shop. I am a big fan of his show "Cake Boss", so I was expecting the sugar cookie, and chocolate cookie I ordered to taste AMAZING...first bite in the cookie crumbled into tiny pieces, half in my mouth, half on the floor. It was so dry, that it was more like powdered sugar. Total let down:(
3	Obviously this place is alllllll about the hype.  If you don't have to stand in a ridiculous line and you get service, it's completely wroth it.... other than that, it's just a pastry shop. We waited in a 10 minute line, ordered 2 mini apple strudels, a lobster tail (what they're famous for) and 2 eclairs.  I thought the apple strudels were on the dry side and the eclairs were a little too oily/too much shortening in it.  It left an oily taste in your mouth.I really liked the lobster tail and thought it was made perfectly.  I'm sure these vary day by day.  In any case, it was worth coming to Carlo's Bake Shop just for that.  I would absolutely not wait in a long line for it though. :)
1	This place sucks! Don't go here. The Sfogliatelle are horrible and the rest is substandard! The staff was extremely non accommodating to our simple request to add maraschino cherries to the ends if our sons overly sweetened cannoli!
3	I've been watching Cake Boss for years so I was super excited to go here!  But let me do you a favor and tell you not to waste your money on ANYTHING else but the Lobster Tails ($6). It's the only thing waiting in line for :-) and even though those are delicious, I'm a local and I wouldn't go back and wait 30 minutes for one. I'd recommend stopping by here if you're a fan of the show, but you could visit here once in your life and be totally fine to never go back.
4	Carlo's Bake Shop is an awesome place for a pastry.  I wish the location was better in the Venetian/Palazzo shopping area.  I actually went here twice during my trip to Las Vegas.  First time I ordered the strawberry shortcake, a cannoli, and a triple chocolate cookie.  The strawberry shortcake was good.  The shortcake was soft, strawberries were fresh, and the cream wasn't too sweet.  The cookie had white chocolate chips and the cookie was obviously chocolate.  I wasn't a big fan of the cannoli.  It was my first time ever having a cannoli.  The second time I got a dozen of cookies to bring back home.  3 oatmeal raisins, 3 triple chocolate, 3 chocochips, and 3 m&ms.  They have other treats behind the glass and you can see each one clearly over there.  The service can be a little better.  The lady seemed like she had an attitude and didn't want to be there.  Other than that you should at least try this place once.
1	Incredibly disappointing experience. Boyfriend and I are big fans of Cake Boss, so of course we wanted to come here. The line was over an hour long, and the prices are ridiculous. The actual pastries are sooo overrated. Sweet and flaky, yes, but just okay. There are so many other places on the strip that have amazing desserts, and this isn't one of them. Don't fall into the hype.
1	My mom was in town visiting and LOVES the show Cake Boss so we decided to stop by the shop... boy were we disappointed. There was no line but we found a very limited selection (earlier in the day), it was a very small space and the girl behind the register could not answer any of my mothers questions (i.e.- will more product be made and put out for purchase, what time do you close tonight, etc. really?). We decided not to buy anything and make it a short visit due to the experience, not to mention the ridiculous prices! Yikes, needs some work to make things better for sure!
3	Overrated. It is a hip place to get pastry. Lobster tail is what wife loves here. East coast bakery with cannoli, lobster tails,  and cream puffs.Bakery does looks nice though.  Long lines. I go here a lot because it is in my hotel, palazzo/ venetian.
2	I would agree with the other reviewers.  1.  over rated2.  over priced3.  average baked goodsmy theory is that they are slow and the long lines are intentional to create a buzzthat there is something great here and worth the wait.  anytime people see a longline they naturally are inclined to think the food must be fabulous.the reality is they have 1 cashier and 1 girl taking your order.  like many things in vegas this just another celebrity gimmick slapping their name on an establishment.
1	Disappointing. I was incredibly excited to get some sweet treats from this place, I love the show and love specialty goodies like these. There were so many things to choose from - everything looked so good. My friend had a chocolate fudge cupcake and I ordered the original cannoli and seasonal cupcake. The cannoliThe pastry was dry and clearly old. When I took a bite the outside crumbed off (not in a yummy flaky way) and the inside of the cannoli was chewy and gross. The filling inside was alright, it was creamy but nothing spectacular. I didn't even finish the cannoli because it was so lackluster. Since I only tried one, I can't tell if I got one of the old ones from a week before or if they are all like that. Truly disappointing. I would have expected a store bought (like walmart) cannoli to taste this terrible. The seasonal cupcakeLooked delicious. Beautiful cupcake decorated in fall/autumn colors with a chocolate leaf on top. It was a vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream (colored) frosting. The cake was pretty tasty, not incredibly fresh but it wasn't old and crumbly like the cannoli. The frosting was clearly homemade. Good, right? Um, no. It tasted like straight up butter. I bake occasionally and I have had this happen to me when I used too much butter  and not enough sugar. The frosting didn't even have a hint of vanilla taste to it. I'm glad it was homemade I just wish they would've put some "Cream" in the buttercream frosting. Yuck. My friends tried it and all felt the same way. We took the frosting off and ate the cake part. The chocolate fudge cupcake was alright. I didn't try the frosting but the cake part was the same as the seasonal cupcake (meaning it was edible). Not worth the money or time spent waiting in line. Seriously, spend $3 on a Betty Crocker cake - it's cheaper and tastes better (sadly). I'd love to go back and try other items but with three out of three misses I doubt it's worth the effort at this point. Sad face.
1	When i went into the bakery i was greeted and was asked what i would like. As i was looking i instantly realized that the prices are more than anyone else charges. It was to expensive for me. I got a pastry and noticed that it wasn't that great for the price. Porto's is better than this place. This Bakery is just novelty.
4	Suprized are daughter with this place she loves the show... We enjoyed some of there pastries and they were good...they were nice enough to grab a peace of fondant from the back for my daughter to try... Nice staff...
2	Yeah,I'm going to have to agree with everyone that this place is all hype...only good thing was that I didn't have to wait in line..the first time I tried it was more than an hour wait so I left...
3	I came here with my cousins a few minutes before they opened so there wasn't too long of a wait. I think this bakery was good, but definitely overhyped due to the popularity of Cake Boss. We tried their coffee cake, which was different from what I expected. The dough was more of a pastry dough than your classic cake dough which made the coffee cake a little more chewy than usual. I also has a canoli which was pretty good and their coffee was also good, but overpriced for regular drip coffee.
5	I came here because I am a dessert whore and to see what the hype was about. Yes, it's convenient to rely on others' reviews, but I wanted to experience it personally. What the hell, I was there anyways. Luckily, there was no major line when I walked up. There were so many sweets to choose from. After scanning the display cases, something caught my eye... The Mini Tiramisu!!! There were ladyfingers surrounding the entire tiramisu! Although feeling still a bit skeptical, I knew I was going to regret if I were to walk away from it. After paying, I went up to the room to indulge in this still-questionable delight. As I stuck my fork into it, I was pleasantly surprised. The ladyfingers were uber soft!!! I gingerly but carefully forked all the way down to the bottom of the tiramisu and gave the first bite to my girlfriend. Her big eyes went bug eyes! She promised I will LOVE this tiramisu. After giving my husband a bite, he approved of it also. Now, it was my turn to taste this piece of heaven. OMG it was love at first bite! I started squirming screeching from delight! This was the best tiramisu I've ever had! It was made just the way I like it--very soft ladyfingers and a completely soaked bottom with a not-too-overpowering sweetness all around. I was completely sweetly, madly and deeply hypnotized by this too-good-to-be-true tiramisu. Yes, Buddy surely knows desserts! Now I fully know and acknowledge his amazing creations! It's not just a hype, it's an eye-rolling orgasmic explosion in your mouth! Seconds??? YES PLEASE!!!
2	Friendly staff! But... The cookies, cakes, etc were not only overrated, but not even yummy. I got a couple cookies and they were all rock hard. Seriously, a cookie from a famous bakery?! Don't get me wrong, I love Cake Boss and was excited to go, but I was totally disappointed with even the basic baked goods.
1	If you don't mind standing in line for an hour because of lack of organization and then eating subpar bake goods, this place is for you.
5	Don't try to purchase everything because the pastries look cute.It wasn't a long wait, maybe 5-10 minutes or so on Sunday morning,I ordered 1 Lobster tail based on the reviews, it was AWESOME.not too sweet, and freshly made~remember not to purchase too many varieties, it will disappoint you!
2	I really think this place is overrated,  the canoli was average and the puff pastry whipped cream was  way too sweet.  I had high expectations and I was let down.   Everyone has different opinions some love it some of us don't.   I personally would not go back.
3	Hoboken, BABY!!! I was driving by and saw that Carlo's Bakery is now at the Venetian. After watching many seasons of Cake Boss, I was contemplating if I should order some of their goodies and have them shipped over to me. However, I can scratch that idea since there's a shop at Vegas. Inside Venetian, I have to say it was hard to find. There are signs everywhere, but nothing pointed to where they are located. When I did find it, it was like stepping into this store over at Hoboken, New Jersey! They did a great job decorating their store to look like their original shop. There's a line before you can get into the store. However, you can browse at their selection as long as you are behind the red velvet rope that separates the on lookers and those who are actually paying. When I was there, Friday around 3pm, the wait in line was only 15 minutes. When I finally got to the display, I ordered the cannoli and lobster tail (I couldn't order too much because I was on my way to Bacchanal for dinner). Buddy claimed that these were one of his top items! The cannoli...I enjoyed them, but that's because I like cannoli. Here at Carlo's Bakery, I didn't find them any special, but they were still good. The shell had a nice crisp. The cream was semi-sweet, the way I like it. The lobster tail, on the other hand, is not something you'd find at many other Italian bakeries (as far as I know). It was made of a large shell, somewhat shaped like a lobster tail. It was stuffed with more cream. I was glad I ordered this because I've seen this many times on his show, but I didn't enjoy it. The shell was too thick and the cream was too bland. I wasn't sure what I was tasting! My total was just under $10 for 2 items.Overall, I am giving them 3 stars. It was fun to be there, but I didn't find anything special. It was just overpriced baked goods. If you're a fan of the show, then I'd recommend checking it out once because the shop in Venetian is modeled after the original location. I think I would have been much better off at Bouchon Bakery!
1	I will still come to Jersey to try the real thing but this place is a huge swing and a miss! Buddy if you're going to branch out get on top of this place quick. Take more time on getting the taste down and not working about presenting it in a perfect box.
1	This place is living on a name only. When you go, expect a long wait in line mostly because the staff is not set up right and does not know how to process a long line. They do not have any dedicated stations for the staff. One register person and she is floating between taking orders, filling orders and checking people out. It is a mess. The food we had was mediocre at best, I have been to MUCH better Italian bakeries. I think since the boss is away ( in NJ) the mice will play and all I can say is the quality of what we ordered was not great. The only decent item was the Lobster roll but that is not enough to get me to go back here and endure the long lines.
1	My sisters wanted to try this place out because we are all fans of Cake Boss and Buddy and his family.  They tell you the line is about 20 minutes... ummm... you mean over an hour.  I was able to go all the way to Wynn, buy something and the LV store and come back when my sisters where just hitting the counter.  Good for me, bad for them.You order,  then you have to wait to pay.  They will call you over to confirm your order once they box it up.  Too bad I didn't notice that two of the rugelach cookies were burnt...as in, you should have dumped these cookies in the trash can rather than putting it out to sell - especially @ $12.99 lb!   I felt RIPPED OFF.  They were running out of Lobster tails - and the person behind us was asked when they were confirming her order if she would mind having two lobster tails removed from her order - I think they oversold - there's a lag between taking customer's orders and filling them which can create issues like this.  Skip Carlo's and go to another bakery if you are in this area - Hello, you are in Vegas and there's LOTS of other places to try (Thankfully) and Buddy, I watch your show Buddy's Bakery Rescue and you might want to go to this location and rescue it... I'm just sayin'.....!
3	I am a sucker for bakeries. That, and that this is the Cake Boss' joint, I guess is why I was willing to stand in a line for 30 minutes to get in the store. This is likely a common issue for them as the store is incredibly small. I think this is here more for the Vegas weddings that want a cake from the Cake Boss.I got an assortment of pastries from canal to napoleons to a piece of cheesecake and a macaroon. Everything was fine, but I did not think it was anything special. I feel like it was just common baked goods and not worth the wait in line or the additional cost.
2	Well, this was disappointing. My Husband and I were excited to try this place. We stood in line, ordered a chocolate mousse cake (small) and a caramel cupcake. The packaging is really pretty and its neat how they do it. But, the contents weren't that exciting. Don't get me wrong, both items looked good, but the taste was where it went bad. We expected so much more from the cake boss. :(  Not worth the money.
2	I was expecting it to be better. I got a brownie and a cream puff and both were average. I've had better at a supermarket. I love cake boss so I was hoping this would be good. I'll just stick to the cupcakery for my baked goods.
5	OMG! Everything we ordered was delicious!! Lobster tail, creme puff, chocolate mousse cake (incredibly elegant & beautiful) & an Oreo type pastry. It was allll wonderful. We enjoyed sitting at the counter watching pastries being made & decorated too! It was very crowded but customers were served quickly. I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas & Carlo's Bakery!!
2	I love to bake so I love going to bakeries and checking them out. Seeing Buddy on tv led me to believe that his pastries would be top notch since he always seemed so caught up on quality on his shows. The pastries were very over priced (I paid $21 for a small canoli, a cookie, a Napoleon, and a lobster tail) and were a bit of a disappointment. They seemed a little soggy and not fresh. Honestly, not worth going to.
3	I had the carrot and vanilla cupcakes and they were not as great flavored as I expexted. I can bake these myself with the correct cake mix box. Glad I tried them but it is not my first choice for dessert.
2	My Wife and Kids are fans of Cake Boss, My wife had to stop here and grab some pastries to feel part of the experience.We sat in a  not so long line that just took forever 1 hour minimum. The shop located inside the Venetian casino sells several pastries running anywhere from 4 - $15 you can also purchase smaller pastries by the pound. The shop is nicely decorated you can see people preparing items from the window while you stand in line. There is a worker controlling the flow of the line at times she brought out samples to calm people while they wait. This was a nice touch. There are not a lot of choices once you get to the counter. My wife ordered the lobster tail, canolli, pecan chocalate covered cookie, velvet cupcake and some cookies that you could purchase per pound. The lobster tail was good not great not worth the wait, pecan cookie had better, the canolli was very good enjoyed the custard, the rest of the items were meh. I forget the pricing but I know it was expensive for what we received. I did not finish the pecan cookie, the lobster tail was ok but that also was not completely devoured. The only thing we finished was the canolli. I would not be back, Ive been to much better bake shops back home. Extraordinary desserts, Somecrust Bakery, to name a few.
4	I love watching Cake Boss and was excited when I found out Vegas had this spot! This place is definitely a go to! I got to try a little bit of everything...from the chocolate chip cookies to the apple turnovers to the carrot cupcake! My favorite was definitely the turnover it was so flakey and soft and the carrot cake was moist but it was kind of flavorless...
3	Overblown, hyped up spot. I can't believe people were standing in line for a half-hour to get into this place. This is another example of how much people can lose their minds at the prospect of getting anywhere remotely close to a TV personality. (Carlo wasn't there, by the way.) We came early in the day before the hungover tourists came to crowd the place up. If I'd have waited in line to get in here I would've kicked myself later.It's not that the baked goods here are terrible, they're simply average. My wife and I got some cookies here and honestly, they're no different than anything that you would get in any baked goods section at Wal-Mart. Hype, hype, HYPE!Save your money and buy some cookies at Walgreens. There are plenty of them around the Strip.
1	Poor service, cardboard cookies, flavorless cakes. A huge disappointment, everything we bought ended up in the trash uneaten.  Bouchon just down the corridor is much, much better.
3	**3.5 stars**I had no clue there was a Carlo's bakery in Vegas so when I saw a sign while on my way to the Venetian, I was super excited. I ended up not going there until 2 days later but I am glad I did. When we went, it was about noon and the line was ridiculous. They ended up having to split the line because we were covering the bathrooms and elevators which was a fire hazard. So one of the employees split us down to the end of the bakery and would call down to the line to see how many people were in each party. To my surprise it went pretty quick but not really. It took maybe 30-40 minutes for us to actually get into the bakery where we can look. It looked like they only let about 15 people inside. It's pretty small with one side ordering at the counter and the other side was people waiting for their orders. We ended up with some cannolis, chocolate cream puffs, apple crumble, pecan bar, white chocolate mousse cake and an apple turnover. My favorite was the pecan bar and cream puff. I'd say its pretty overpriced, the cake was $9.95 for a small individual cake. I spent about $30 for all of those desserts and I don't think it was worth it. Maybe more like $10-$15. However, all the desserts were delicious, not mindblowing or the best I've ever had but certainly not living up to the hype. Luckily, I didn't have to wait too long for my actual order, maybe 5 minutes. I will come back again but probably right when they open so I don't have to wait too long.
4	BEST RED VELVET CUPCAKE! I went to all the cupcake bake shop in Las Vegas and this bake shop has the best red velvet. My mom will be ordering her wedding cake here soon. The only thing I didn't like was one of the employee is really rude. This was my first time coming here, so ordering I didn't how they do it. I was only going to ask her a question but held up her hand to my face. She didn't even let me finish. If I come back to this shop I hope she will not be there to do this to me again.
3	Each time I've visited Vegas and walked by this place, I've been amazed at the length of the line.  One day when it wasn't too absurd, we finally decided to try it out.  The sweets were tasty, for sure, but for the wait and for the price, I don't know that I'd rush back. It's hard to say if this place is just ok or if it's suffered from its own hype machine.  Maybe if the line is super small, I'll try it again one day; until then, there's too much other stuff to do while in Vegas!
3	I didn't know who Carlos was but I kept seeing signs for his bakery as I approached Venetian and inside.  I wanted to check it out as he must be a popular guy making good baked goods.  I wasn't sure where the bakery was but saw a signing pointing towards it as we walked in the Venetian shops.  It's easier to get to if you walk outside the Venetian heading towards Palazzo.The shop had about 4 people waiting for their order and a few people looking to order.  They had trays of cookies to sample and the one I had tasted ok.  Nothing fabulous like I was expecting.  With Vegas, the baked good were big in size and price.  I wanted a taste and got the small apple turnover for $1.50.  I had to wait a minute after my order was taken, and they gave me my turnover and I paid.  It was drizzled with icing and flaky, but the apples fell flat.  I'm not even sure how much apple was inside but it didn't take like much.  It was sweet, too sweet for me.Would not line up to buy anything from here.  Even with no line, next time I will pass.
3	Ughhhh, another one of those places that I had high expectations for.Because this bakery is famous for their tv show, I couldn't help but have high standards prior to coming. Pretty difficult to find but got here by exiting Tao, walking past Rockhouse, and entering another entrance. There was a line but nothing too bad. We didn't have to grab a number.First off, I think they need to find a more efficient way to get people in and out of there. For example, like the way Porto's works! Anyway, line was not bad but we still waited for about 20 minutes. You place your order and they call your name at the register whenever everything's packed up.Tried their famous lobster tail, cannoli, cream puffs, and rugelach. Skipped out on the cakes cause they were pricey. One for about $7-8. No thanks. Lobster tail, cannoli, and cream puffs were meh. Mediocre. Nothing outstanding. Not worth the calories. The flavor of the fillings got pretty tiring quick. Honestly, the saving grace for me was the rugelach. Not too sweet with a good amount of chocolate and cream cheese flavor. Probably the only thing I'd come back for.It's pricey. Spent about $25 for just a few items when I could have bought much better pastries and more of them elsewhere. Believe what I paid for was the box and the pretty ribbon wrapped around it. But I will say that I don't regret coming and if you really wanna check it out to see what the hype is about, you should go in at least once. It's alright but nothing special. It is pretty cool to watch the pastry chefs in action through the glass window. Points for that.
3	We decided to check this place out while we were in Vegas.  The lines were long and it took a while to get our order placed.  We purchased a mini cannoli and a lobster tail.  The cannoli was not soggy and was delicious.  The lobster tail was excellent as well.  I really enjoyed the cream filling in the lobster tail.The only issue I had with this place is that it seems to be run in a very inefficient manner.  I have not seen Cake Boss in a long time so I don't know if the original location is run in a similar manner.  It should not be that time consuming to take a customer's order, get the items out of the case, and put the items in a bag/box.  It was not clear to me why the ordering/picking up/paying process takes so long.
4	The bake shop was located in a pretty secluded spot in the Venetian . There was a long line out the door, around 8:30pm. We waited about 35-40 minutes in line but it wasn't too bad since an employee kept walking around giving us delicious samples ;) I tried the cannoli, red velvet cupcake and caramel cupcake. The red velvet was definitely my favorite!
3	After hearing such great things about Carlo's Bake Shop from friends, I decided that this was on the top of my to do list in Vegas. Some people gamble, some people drink-- I EAT. Carbs don't count on vacation right?This review comes from someone who does not watch Cake Boss. While I love, love, love cooking shows and competitions (Food Network is my jam), I just never could get into Cake Boss. My friends always rant and rave about the show, and now the bakery, so I decided that I needed to know what the hype was about. After walking around the Venetian Canal Shops, following the signs to the bakery (and Buddy V's located across the way) I finally spotted the hallway that was pretty busy with people. In some of the Yelp photos, it looks like a zoo-- but maybe I got lucky, because it wasn't THAT bad. There was a line and it took maybe 15 minutes to get to the front of the line. There was someone who was monitoring the line which was nice because he actually stopped people that were trying to cut in line. The line waits in front of the kitchen where you can watch them decorate cakes and such. At the time, they were working on a cannoli towers. They looked great so I was sold! I had to pick one up. Once you get into the actual bakery and they take your order, it turns into a frenzy of customers looking into the cases trying to decide what to get. The lady in front of me was going back and forth trying to figure out which biscotti's to get. I think that a menu with pictures of the items for sale would do this place wonders! It would be helpful to see a menu so that when you get to the front of the line, you already know what you want to order. There were no lobster tails in the case, so I opted for a box of Christmas cookies that was already prepackaged, a few cookies and a cannoli tower. My order ran about $40 bucks. $40 dollars and an hour later, and all I could think was "MEH". It didn't live up to the hype in my book. The cannoli tower was decent, but I thought it was rather soggy and not as rich or flavorful as I was expecting. The biscotti was alright, but it wasn't something that I would wait in line for again. The box of cookies were a gift, but the recipient opened the box after dinner and we did try one of the butter cookies and it was okay. Definitely not as rich as other butter cookies that I have had from less popular bakeries. If you are a fan of the show, I can see why you would come here. But if you are like me and just wanted a good cannoli, I would keep looking.
3	The lobster tail is a basically a crispier cream puff. It's flaky, crispy, and has delicious cream (again, it's cream, not custard) inside, but it didn't blow my mind and I don't think I'd wait in line just to get it again. The line is ridiculous and not even their most famous canoli convinced me to come back.
3	Can I put 3.5 stars? The baked goods were decent. We got a whole bunch of biscotti and some miscellaneous breakfast pastries. I would say that the breakfast pastries we got, an apple turnover and some sort of lemon butter crumb pastry were both extremely good. If I was rating this place just on the quality of those two things, i would say 5 stars all the way. We tried another kind of cookie thing with hazelnut on it, and it was just okay for me.The really bad part about this place, the price, gruff service, and to a lesser extent, the confusion of the madness. Walking up, there were two huge lines, so which one do we get in? Nobody had a clue. Turns out, one was the line to order, and one line was to pay. Not a very intuitive process, since the line to pay looked like it was properly roped off as if it were the starting point. Get some signs! Service was relatively quick, but they sure weren't very nice. We were buying stuff for ourselves and stuff for someone else, so we asked for separate boxes. Yea, that didn't seem to go very well with the person taking the order. Annoyed look on her face. Actually, that annoyed look was on all the workers faces.And finally, the price. Wow! At the end of the day, it was probably our fault that we bought too much biscotti, but all in all we spent $50 for a couple pastries, a cookie, and maybe a bag of biscotti that in a normally overpriced environment (if that makes sense) would still only be $20. If I could get the breakfast pastries ($5 each) without waiting in line, I would do it. Unrelated, I am definitely interested in trying the Buddy V's restaurant, also by Carlo.
4	Friends and I enjoyed this place. Great view of the back kitchen where the staff is busy making all the baked goods. The line looked long, but is was maybe less then a 25 min wait. The only issue was that the Rugelach was too dense.
1	Baked good just okay and the service was very poor.  Customers weren't acknowledged and the staff was wandering around doing various odd jobs and talking and chatting among themselves.  BIG disappointment.
3	The line is very long.The crumb cake-not good.The chocolate cannoli-good.The dark chocolate mini cake-amazing!              -Samantha (Sami)
1	My wife and I bought 3 mini canolis last night when we open the box this morning it's just 1..
3	I been here every night, maybe because I love the show & I'm not supposed to be eating sweets, "due too diet" The ambience is very lovely, and they always have a full house but honestly it's meh... The cookies, cupcakes & the other sweets you love, I'm almost certain you had better at your local store you usually buy them from. $1.95 for a small M&M cookie is f**king crazy! But hey it's vegas.
3	It was good but expected more got the red velvet cupcake
4	This place was busy and the service was good, our counter person was good at what he does. He knows the product and how to sell it. We took our goodies back to our room. Everything I had was excellent. The items price wise are in line with the hotels on the strip pastry shops. I would go back again.
3	With all the hype and talk about this place, my friend and I decided to try it out. We were worn about the long lines and wait time. Maybe we were lucky that day, but absolutely no line. We tried the canoli, a hazelnut creampuff, and a 7 layer slice of cake. To our surprise, everything was just 'okay.' I thought it would taste better, but certainly a disappointment with all the hyper. Plus, the cashier took 5 mins to ring us up when there wasnt anyone in front of us. Just slow customer service.
1	Total disappointment!!  Expensive, stale and a long wait.Don't waste your time and money!!
4	I had to check it out when I heard it was coming to Vegas. The line was a bit long but it moved pretty quickly and it has only been open for a few months and it is the strip. The staff has been friendly every time I have gone also.I LOVE the American Napolian pastry. I have driven to the strip just for that. I also like the crumb cake a lot (it reminds me of the kind my grandma used to make). The cannoli and lobster tale were okay but not great (to me) and my son liked their chocolate chip cookies.Yes the prices are a bit higher than you would think but they are handmade, a celebrity bakery, AND it is the strip after all. I have not spent more than $20 there and gotten at least 4-7 things every time which is not that bad when all is considered.
1	Took over an hour to get some okay cookies. It's not the product although just okay but the service. Only two people helping customers. Sure buddy could afford a little more help. As my wife stood in line I watched the operation behind the counter. OMG one guy waited on approximately 4 customers in an hour as he walked around lost and took over 10 minutes to put on some latex gloves. The cashier leans on the counter when she rings something ever 5 minutes. Get some more help and upgrade your staff they are awful.
1	Absolute worst experience ever. (Customer service)We were first in line and we came in at 8:02 because it took them a while to put their gate away. My sister took her order first and I placed my order next. I had two SEPARATE orders. I was not informed that I had to place it with the same person, so I informed the next person. The first person overheard and had a little dispute with the second person I placed my order with. I overheard her say the word "customer" and "stupid". It was either "customers are stupid" or "that customer is stupid" and she said it to the person at the cashier but said "what" and the girl said "nevermind" My first order came out. And I just waited for my second order. The cashier knew I placed the second order because I informed her so. I waited 20 minutes. Till the lady at the cashier finally asked me who I placed my order with. She went over and tried to figure it out when the first girl who took my order said "well she was supposed to tell me since she was my guest". She knew I placed a second order, yet she DELIBERATELY didn't get my stuff because of a stupid ownership crap for customer orders. I understand the morning rush because I work at Starbucks, but customer service is still a big part of the job. At least put a smile on your face or express your anger/thoughts elsewhere (I suggest a place where customers CANT hear you).
2	Heard about this place through my cousin and when we got there, the line was longggg! Pretty sure it was because of the hype around it cuz it was featured on Cake Boss.When you arrive there's a window that overlooks the kitchen. They were making napoleon's (my fav) so I knew that was what I was gonna get when I went to the front of the line.The customer service was alright, felt rushed because there was so many people. Paid for a Large Italian Napoleon $6.95. Got it to-go because there was so many people. The napoleon was alright. There was wayyyyyyyyy to much filling, the cream/puff pastry was wayyy too off for me. Had a red velvet cupcake, your average good cupcake. Appealing to the eye but too much frosting to cake ratio. Had some cannoli and it was pretty bomb, but I still think everything they had was overpriced.Overall, 2.5 stars. The price was too high for the quality of the food.
4	EXPENSIVE! Goodness, be prepared to empty your bank account as you walk in. Really good pastries though so I'll give them that. My order consisted of the lobster tail, a chocolate mousse cake, and a cupcake. I worked on the lobster tail from Saturday night and finally finished it when I got back home Wednesday morning. Not something to be eaten in one sitting, at least I couldn't do it. The chocolate cake was pretty good even though I had to toss out the strawberries by the time I got to it. Sadly, I've yet to eat the cupcake.4 items cost roughly $10 each so don't be shocked. Its something to try at least once, that's for sure.
3	As a huge fan of Cake Boss, I was so excited to try this place!I stopped by after dinner on Christmas, and the line was outrageous. There was a line to get into the bakery, a line to order, and another line to pay. I really think that they need to work out a better system.My sister and I ordered cannolis, a cream puff, a lobster tail, and some coffee. We definitely would have ordered more, but they were out of a lot of the goodies.  The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. The lobster tail was pretty delicious. The cream filling was smooth and the outside was really flaky.  Definitely the best thing we tried.  The cannolis were good, but I've had better. The cream puff was awful. It was stale and the cream did not taste very good. I'm glad I tried Carlo's Bake Shop. Not sure if I'll be back for more.
5	Second visit to Carlo's Bake Shop.  Took the kids this time.  Here's the trick.  If you don't want to wait in line, go in the morning!  9:00 and there were only a few people there.  Once again, this bakery has real NEW YORK STYLE BAKED GOODS.  They are not as sweet as western style baked goods.  Flavors are more subtle as you are able to taste past the sweetness.  Everything was spot on.  Had the mini dark chocolate moose, mini red velvet, mini Tiramisu, and the lobster tail.  All were a solid 10!  Kids agreed.  If you think The Cheesecake Factory has the best cheesecake in the world, this is not the place for you.  This is baked goods the way they were meant to be.  With real flavor, not just crap masked by loads of sugar.
3	We waited 30 mins in line for the cupcakes, tiramisu and cannoli. They all taste blunt for me. Nothing special on this place. I think it's overrated, I wonder why New Yorkers would fall in line for such an ordinary bake goodies.
4	I have been waiting to try this place since my last trip to Vegas. Line or no line I was committed to checking this off of my bucket list. Good thing too because the line was really long and I was in it for over 45 minutes. Fortunately, the hubby was willing to wait, and more fortunately, the line was organized. I just felt bad for the girl managing the line. Since it was separated into 3 sections, she had to keep running back and forth to keep the flow going, guide potential cutters to the back of the line (which was past the bathrooms), and hand out menus and samples. I would just suggest that they also block off the first part of the line leading directly into the bake shop so it is more obvious that people can't just walk in when it's extremely busy.  A lot of people coming in from the front didn't even realize that the line was so long, so that caused a little friction between the staff and the customers who had been waiting so long.Anyway, down to the pastries... We ordered the mini cannolis, lobster tails, cupcakes, raspberry rugalach, and m&m cookie. The cheesecakes looked divine, but at $10 a piece I had no trouble passing them up and I think a lot of people felt the same way because they seemed to have an untouched, endless supply. I really wanted to get their 7-layer cookie because they looked so good on that one Cake Boss episode where they made a gigantor tray for a pregnant lady, but I didn't see any. The cannolis were delish. The lobster tails had a crispness unparalleled by any pastry I have ever had, but less cream would have made them perfect. The cupcakes were ok - not sure why they put a walnut on top of their red velvet cupcake (completely unnecessary, and dangerous for someone with a nut allergy who would typically consider this a safe bet). The frosting on their blue snowflake holiday cupcake was just too sweet - I would have liked a whipped cream based frosting. I can't personally speak to the raspberry rugalach because I wanted to save whatever available stomach room I had for the cannolis, but according to my husband, they were pretty good (that's a lot coming from him). The m&m cookie was waaaaaaaaay too sweet. I'd skip it entirely. Even if this is your go-to dessert. Skip it. And don't let your kids eat it. Even if they beg.Service was good - quick and competent. The cashier was really nice and very helpful when I asked for water and additional cream for the coffee we ordered.All in all, I was glad I finally got to try this place. A little overpriced, but that's Vegas for you. If you've been thinking about trying it, just do it. And be sure to order the cannolis!
4	As a huge fan of the show I had to stop by! The line itself isn't long, but the workers, at the vegas location at least, were so slow and they weren't as friendly as I thought they'd be.Lobster tail- delicious! Crispy, freshly made, filling isn't too sweet, definitely one of their most famous desserts that lived up to the hypeCannoli- filling isn't too sweet either! I think there was a little too much filling, but it lived up to the hype as wellPrice- pretty expensive... Lobster tails were 6 bucks a piece, cannoli was 3, and their mini cakes (about the size of the palm of your hand) were $10?! Mug was ten bucks too, but it looks awesome! Loved the store overall, if you're a fan of cake boss and buddy, definitely make a stop if you're in Vegas!!
3	Average pastries coupled with the poor service makes this place worth skipping.  They could also improve on their efficiency.  Really poor way of doing business.   If you're a fan it's worth going ONCE.
2	I went here for my birthday the line wait was not as bad as I thought. I went on a Friday and we waited for like about 20 minutes. However, the prices are outrageous everything  that's cake is $10.00 and above. The only good thing I tasted was the lobster tail.The lobster tail is a must have! This place was not what I expected! I actually had high expectations of it and watching all the seasons and how you hear Buddy talking about his pastries, seems like they are the best pastries you would ever have and No!The pastries are average!There is better local bakeries you can go to around your area that will have better pastries than here to be honest!! The best thing you can purchase is a lobster tail..
2	This place is not all that it is made out to be. Honestly, I was very disappointed, I was expecting a lot. It was RIDICULOUSLY  OVERPRICED. I got about 3 pastries and it came out to about $19. The pastries were average, nothing special. I really believe you can get better pastries elsewhere for a way more reasonable price.
3	I wanted to love this place, I really really did. But frankly, I didn't. I felt like it wasn't worth the somewhat insane wait and the Cake Boss prices. While it was good, it wasn't outstanding. The service was very nice which definitely helped and the selection was pretty wonderful. Unfortunately, the food fell a little flat for me given the wait and price. Definitely hyped up but worth a visit if you're a big Cake Boss fan. Not a frequent visit spot for me.
3	Waited over an hour in line to get some Cupcakes and pastries. AMERICANS DO LOVE TO WAIT IN LINE.Was it worth it? I indeed like the fresh pastries, but for the price and the long wait I don't think I'll do it again.
4	A trip to Carlo's Bakery was a must when my niece -- a big fan of the Cake Boss show -- learned of this west coast outpost. On Christmas eve morning there was a line about 20 minutes long at 11am. The items on display all looked impressive, but it was the lobster tail that I had my sights on. Its crunchy, yet light and airy shell gave way to an overabundance of smooth, rich cream filling. It's a signature item for sure that is well worth the caloric intake. Mini canolis, pre-filled to make service more efficient, still maintained their crunchy exterior. Their apple turnover was excellent -- all the flavors of an apple pie wrapped in a buttery and flaky pastry. The mini red velvet cake didn't disappoint either with its moist and chocolatey cake and cream cheese filling. My kid tried an oreo cake tower that I barely got to sample. He's now a fan of the bakery as well.Prices, as expected are astronomical. My wife, kid and I walked away $40+ poorer but sated from our pre-Christmas bounty. There is very limited seating in the bakery -- maybe 6 barstools that overlook the kitchen area. But, there is seating out towards Las Vegas Blvd, right outside Bouchon Bakery.
4	Too many sweets to choose from!I got a pleasant surprise today when the other half showed up with a bag from this bake shop! I've been sick & feeling crabby so this did the trick! To my surprise he got a lot of incredible goodies! Brownies that are so moist and come with a thick layer of fudge! A beautiful tiramisu that almost looks to good to break into. A vanilla cupcake because I'm obsessed with plain ones. A cream puff filled with decadent custard! Macaroons, a Nutella cookie, black & white cookies & chocolate covered strawberries! Talk about a way to a girls heart! I have no idea how we're going to eat all this stuff but we'll give it a good try! Everything I've ever tasted from this place has been great. Be prepared because it's very pricey but the quality is there.
