4	Nice little takeout & delivery Chinese restaurant that also turns out some pretty reasonable sushi.  I've had plenty of Chinese food in Madison and while there are a couple decent sit-down places, overall the Chinese places in this town are pretty bad.  China Star is the only place among the several that deliver to my particular corner of the far west side that seems to make an effort to actually turn out decent food.  Also, they're the only one that has wonton egg drop soup. It's egg drop soup with wontons in it. I know, as a food nerd this stuff ain't exactly authentic, but when I want some junk food Chinese delivery and it's cold outside, I love wonton egg drop soup.  With the crunchy fried noodles and some soy sauce there are few things better. In the summer I stick with their fried potstickers which are nice and doughy and obviously not some pre-made frozen dumplings that they threw in a wok, which I've actually gotten from some of the Chinese places in Madison.Pro-tip for Chinese delivery in general: usually the "soy sauce" in the little plastic packets isn't really soy sauce. It's more like water, salt, and caramel coloring. Keep a bottle of real soy sauce in your fridge for when you get Chinese delivery. So much better.
4	Total fan. Cute, clean little place. Not busy in the evenings at all - so the food comes quick. I stopped in for takeout and the woman who took my order was very nice. Ordered the General Tso's Chicken - was FANTASTIC and got a HUGE portion. The crab wontons were also delicious and extra crispy. I'm a fan. This is now my go-to Chinese restaurant.
2	Just got delivery and didn't love any of the meal.  It was on time (50 minutes) and warm but the rolls are kind of mushy and not super flavorful (I got summer and spider rolls). The wontons were good, but how do you screw up deep fat fried foods? The portions were very large, but I tried both and will be throwing them out, so it doesn't matter and hopefully I'll find another sushi delivery place.
4	We frequent this place at least once per week. The people who work here are so friendly (though the hostess/waitress comes off a bit gruff at first...she is just trying to be efficient - give her a smile, and you will see). They even gave us a $10 gift certificate when we went there the week before Christmas, just to thank us for our business. We always get carry out, not delivery since we know that the main sushi man is the one who has to drop everything and jump in to the car. I always get sushi, and the hubs always gets Chinese. The sushi is really good, with fantastic "special chef sauce". Wonderful roll, Golden Salmon roll and King Tuna rolls are my favs. I always get a spicy tuna roll as well. You can order their sushi special (regular rolls + soup) at any time during the day, not just lunch.The wonton soup is good - typical Americanized thick noodled wontons, but the innerds are yummy, and the broth is good. Great miso soup too. The fried fish appetizer is AMAZING - if they have that on special, order it. Immediately. Or ask if they have it...they are always willing to make whatever you ask for, even if it is not on the menu. Crab rangoons are wonderful as well. All of the mei fun rice noodle dishes are delicious...especially the Singapore mei fun (curry noodles with chicken, pork and shrimp). The veggies in every dish are always perfectly cooked - nice and crispy. The sauces are typical of Americanized Chinese food, but as mentioned before, you can try and get them to make whatever you'd like (though it helps if you bring a Chinese speaking friend with you if you want to go off menu).The "Chinese Donuts" are totally addictive. If you have room, order them for dessert. Also, if you dine there, they bring you the sweetest, juiciest plate of oranges for dessert, for free. Perfect way to end the meal. My little Chinese grandma always serves oranges to us for dessert too, so this really makes us feel at home.
3	Not great, but not bad, this little Chinese restaurant next to the Johnson Bank building does the trick if you want some average Chinese food for a good price. Also, I have to admit that I was surprised at how OK their sushi was -- I was definitely expecting to die from it, but actually sort of enjoyed it (don't make fun of me for admitting to that).There are coupons printed right in the menu for free stuff depending on the cost of your bill, so the wife and I were able to get free spring rolls with our meal.
1	Warning: This place used to be called Ruby's Oriental.One of the worst of the worst kind of Chinese restaurants-in-a-box.  The idea that this place calls itself a "Chinese" restaurant in a city which boasts several authentic Chinese places (the best of which, Ichiban, is not to be missed!) is a joke.  The food is tasteless and full of veggie filler.  The sesame chicken was, quite literally, inedible.  It tasted like old socks.Nasty food brought to your door is still nasty food.Avoid this place like the plague.
5	We tried this place last night and are so very glad we did! Nice, clean place with a relaxed atmosphere. The waitress was good and didn't hover. I ordered the sesame chicken combo platter. Portions were good-sized and plated very prettily. That was one thing that surprised me, actually. Most Chinese places just mound it on a Styrofoam plate and call it good enough. Here, someone actually put some thought into it; I wish I would have taken a picture, but I was too hungry. :) The only complaint I have is the egg rolls were a little tough and chewy. We were given a small plate of quartered oranges for dessert, which was a nice palate cleanser, not to mention just plain tasty! I'm even more happy that they deliver to us in Verona-yay! We will definitely order from them again.
1	China Star had gone out of business. Closed.
