3	They take horrible care of their betta fish. I have never gotten a sick fish from this location though. The staff is really attentative and I'm in there probably every other day. They have a great selection of aquarium products and always take back stuff I'm not satisfied with. The manager girl and the older cashier lady are really cool.
5	They are always helpful when I need it .
1	I had one of the worst experiences at this PetSmart on 91st Ave in Peoria. I went to rent a carpet cleaner this morning. I stopped a gentleman with Grey hair in his mid forties who I think was possibly a manager. I asked him where I could find the rent-able carpet cleaners, He acted annoyed to have to help me and shuffled me over to the carpet rentals. I asked if he had used it before and he said yes briskly. He then yelled over to a girl at the register and told her to ring me up. He said when she was finished to come find him so he could tell her something seemed like helping me was preventing him and her from doing something that was more important than the sale. The girl was friendly but just told me to sign in the purple area and rang me up. She told me the cleaner was $29.00 but after I swiped my card and had to confirm the amount it said it was $42? I asked was it a mistake and she said there was a deposit which was never explained to me. I took the device home used it and it worked well. My boyfriend & I went to return it tonight and the experience got even better. We walk in and a friendly PetSmart employee asked how it was. As she was being friendly another employee who was on the phone came over and told her to check the bottom of the machine. She flipped the machine over and told me that it was dirty on the bottom and would keep my deposit because I failed to clean it. The tone that she said this in was where I had a problem. The other cashier suggested I go and "hose it down"....because a hose is just outside of Pet Smart...umm yea OK! Then  Lisa (a manager by the way)  took her finger and started saying how now she would have to call Bissell and have a tech come clean the machine and how it is un-rentable. She made me feel like I had brought this back filthy and almost like I was a bad human for having used it and it have some pet hair. She sent the other employee away and I told her how I did not appreciate her tone and that I did not receive an inspection of the machine when I rented it so how do I know that it was not already that way. She then tells me that there is no way she would send a machine like that into someones home and then she took the copy of the contract held it up and took her pin and in a stern annoyed voice read to me all the things I agreed to. She made sure to take the pen and point to the part where it says you will return it clean. She then set the paper down and went on to say how she doesn't know how to return the deposit to me and that she has to return it then recharge it and how she had never done a transaction with these machines before. I asked her what needed to be cleaned on the machine and if I could take a paper towel to it? She said "maybe" but that she still would probably need to charge me and how only the professional tech can clean it at this point. I told her as a business practice I feel they should explain to people renting the machines the expectations and do an inspection so that people are not paying deposits for something that they may not have done.  I work in customer service and would not have minded losing the deposit but the tone and attitude I received from Lisa was beyond rude.  I go to many Pet Smart locations but I must say this is the worst.  If I didn't receive such amazing service from the Dysart-Goodyear location I would never return to a PetSmart after my experience today.  If either employee I was forced to deal with today is a manager they should be ashamed.  I feel bad for both of the friendly employees I had to deal with as I would never want to work with people like that.  DON'T GO TO THIS LOCATION unless you like horrible customer service, lack of supplies that all other stores are stocked with and want to pay deposits on machines you were not aware were dirty.  My boyfriend & I are both business professionals and we will ensure that everyone in both our personal and professional network is made aware of this awful customer service experience and to make sure they do NOT give this specific store their business.
1	I've never been so disappointed in a veterinary visit.  I brought my new puppy to this location to make sure he was healthy before I introduced him to my other dog. He seemed to be having an ear issue and I let the veterinarian know. All I was told was that his ears were too hairy to be able to tell "but if I signed up for the healthcare plan" they'd be able to do a test to see what was going on. They were more concerned about selling me a year plan than my dog. Not wanting to commit to a year plan with them they advised me to simply clean my dogs ears. Now BOTH my dogs can't stop scratching their ears and I now have to pay for two visit to a different veterinary office and find out what they have going on in their ears! I am so disappointed I waisted my money here and even more upset I now have two dogs that are suffering from their inability to fix the problem with my new puppy. I will never spend aanother penny in this store and would advise anyone going to their veterinary clinic to choose an different location or completely avoid banner clinics.
3	This place is ok. I've never taken my dogs to get groomed here but I did buy my guinea pigs here. One of them ended up having weird dry looking spots on his ear and they wouldn't even let me bring him back to show them because it was over the 14 days. I wasn't trying to return him, just inquiring on how to help him. I ended up turning to the internet because I talked to some girl that worked there who had no clue about guinea pigs and told me to buy the book behind me, which was conveniently located but as always overpriced. I always thought you should be knowledgable of things that you work with but I guess that's not how it is here. I'll still go back because the quantity and quality is better than petco (I think) but definitely not buying any animals other than fish.
5	I have never had any issues with this place. The employees always ask if I need help with anything, and they usually say Hi to my furbabies if I bring them for the trip!
