4	Resisting my regular stop at Best Wok Buffet across the street, I ventured into El Pollo Loco here for lunch today.  I ordered a 2-Piece meal with a leg & thigh, corn tortillas, Garden Salad, & Chicken Tortilla Soup.  The service was friendly, the store was clean & comfortable, the chicken & everything else tasted just terrific, & it was a "Fast Casual" feast for a low, low "Fast Food" price.  This location doesn't have the booth seating that I enjoy at some EPL's so 5 Stars minus 1 for that.Only $5.29/$4.76 Sr. for everything, & YUM!
4	Chicken marinated and grilled to crispy skin perfection over an open flame. I love it. I love it so much I could marry it. Only if I did, we would never have kids since she'd be barren from all the flame grilling and marinating. I'm not sure that's the life I envisioned as a young man. I want a couple more kids, but not with a flame-broiled chicken.                                               i don't care how hot she is. The pollo bowl is only five bucks...'bout a half of a breast, rice and beans in a six inch bowl. Quite a lot actually. EIther get here at 11:30 or wait until after 1:30, when after the lunch crowd subsides.Be prepared for panhandlers standing just outside the door asking for loose change.Such a great hood. Enjoy.
1	The panhandling is out of control at this location.While in the drive-thru, a bum, (or hobo, take your pick) will sneakily wait for you to roll down your window as you approach the speaker box. Then, before you can place your order, the asshole interrupts your well prepared sonnet about a number three and a diet coke asking for money. How fucked is that?This caused me to roll up my window, (like any good American) relying on my overly tinted windows to shield me from his view. Unfettered by my sly window moves, he simply refused to shoo. This caused me to roll down my window and bust-out my best Spanish where I warned him to move away from the vehicle. I even said it like a cop to scare him.Sadly however, the only thing I know how to say in Spanish is "Cuanto de su hermana?" or loosely translated, "How much for your sister?"It worked.He probably thought I had the crazy or something...who knows.Eight pieces of chicken will cost you ten bucks.It's pretty tasty stuff.PS. I also know how to say "Esta mota es mierda" (This weed is shit)
4	Have the chicken avocado burrito. It was great.
1	After a desperate search through this gigantic Phoenix ghetto for an hour looking for something to eat, finally ended up here. They have a zillion new items and it is tough to decide, but everything new seems to include mango. The grilled chicken tostada is only 480 calories, but after you add some cilantro lime dressing, I'm sure that number bumps up a bit. I did find the mango, but it was part of a salsa in the far right corner of the plate. The tostada is not a shell, but a giant wheat tortilla filled with black beans, lettuce, pico, and some very large and tasty grilled white meat chicken chunks. It is pretty good for a fast food item, although the fast food prices are getting a bit out of hand as this thing costs $6.99. That is way too much for an item purchased in a drive through and not a combo price either. They have this $1 off coupon on the back of the receipt, so that should do the trick next time.UPDATE: Miserable performance on 2nd try. The tortilla and most everything else was soaked with black bean juice, half the chicken was inedible due to fat and overall it was just a disgusting meal. I did save a dollar though with previously mentioned coupon. Nothing is ever as good the 2nd time.
4	By far the best and only choice for healthy fast food in the area. The food is always fresh and tasty. Only the slow lunchtime service gets them 4 rather than 5 stars.
3	This location used to be great. They would send out coupons weekly, good prices and fast service. Ever since the changed management it has declined. Prices have gone up, slow service and even ridiculous practices such as making me sign for my credit card from the drive thru window! Food still tastes good but everything else could be better
