5	Iphone 4 screen replacement  Quick friendly service. Clean nice store. Very happy with service, price and results.  Great selection of accessories.
5	This place saved the day for me today! I cracked the screen on my iPhone while working at home and needed to get it fixed ASAP and I was afraid I would have to pay 200 bucks to Apple to get it swapped for a new one. I searched and searched the web and finally came upon Smart Fix. They have a GREAT price to repair the screen and they fixed it in 20 minutes. I never thought it would have been as cheap and as fast as it was. The dude working was awesome and I'm almost glad it finally happened after 3 years of having an iPhone so that now I know where to go if it ever happens again. I'm telling all my friends to go here if they need to because Smart Fix turned my bad day around and they did an awesome job for a fraction of the cost!! Thank you Smart Fix, I'll be sending people your way very soon!!
5	Great Service! Same day repair!
5	I was here last week and the service was excellent. I shattered my iPhone screen and they fixed it and it looks brand new. Price was right and they even gave me a discount. My phone was fixed within an hour and I will definitely go back if I need anything fixed w my iPhone or even my computer!
5	This place is great! In and out in less than 5 min. The back of my iPhone shattered when I dropped it. They replaced back for good price.
5	I highly recommend this place! I shattered the back of my iphone glass and they had the parts in, replaced it in less then 5 minutes, and charged me their special for October of $25 (normally $35 for the back). Every other place I called around to told me lies and said the whole thing was one piece and they wanted anywhere from $70-$95 to replace the glass. Not only did Smart Fix save me a bunch of money in repairs, but I can now trade in my old iphone for a much higher price when I decide to buy the iphone 5. They have a life time customer out of me!
4	This place was great my iPhone was still under apple warranty but I had it color swapped to red. My red iPhone had a internal hardware issue so I had these guys change my iPhone back to black. It only took a hour or so came back and my phone was like new (minus the internal hardware issue) they even put brand new screws at the bottom. 85 bucks for the screen and back replacement. Returned my iPhone back to apple store and apple could not even tell the phone had ever been opened or color swapped and got a shiny new replacement. I have been to a few "iPhone repair" places here in Vegas and these guys are by far the best. I only gave 4 stars because they where supposed to call me when my phone was done but I guess they forgot but other then that Smart Fix is awesome !!!!
3	Good services and good prices too. Thx!!! Open after 5pm which is nice also.
5	I came to Smart Fix with a laptop that had cracked screen :(  After calling around for quotes, I was driving  one day and saw their business and decided to go in just to see if by chance they may be a little cheaper than the quotes I had received and they were!  I was very happy with the repair and the guys at the store called me as soon as it was ready.  I will save their info for any other repairs I may need down the line
5	Fixed my crack screen :] The employee was unaware of the 10% discount offered on Yelp but he still honored it!
5	If your devices arent working as they should, this is the place to go!!I was referred here by a friend and they didnt disappoint. The staff was friendly and the service was fast and reasonably priced!!Ask for Robby! He has done a good job on a few of my devices and I will definitely go back for any needs.
3	Fast friendly & well stocked with reasonably priced items you may want. Not a bunch of swap meet/kiosk type items. The two guys I saw working the 2 times I was here were capable and no nonsense without being rude. The little shop is sparse looking at first glance, but upon closer look, you will see its just well organized. I'm happy this place is in my 'hood, & I'll surely be back! Update: was back to get help drying out iphone 4s, last month, when I fell in my pool...(Burrr! & so sad!!) They could not fix it...it still cost me $35. :( So, since I drafted my review, I removed a star. The guy was still cordial, but I would have at least liked a coupon or something for my next visit, considering I was out $35, & still had to replace my phone. I was quoted $65 if they COULD fix it, which is reasonable. I guess I was just too optimistic.
5	These guys are solid. I dropped off my laptop in the morning to fix the hinge on it and was told that they would give me a call later that afternoon with the estimate. Fair enough I thought. A couple of hours later, I get a call saying the laptop has already been fixed and to stop by and pick it up! They even saved me some cash and time by fixing the broken hinge instead of replacing the whole frame. How awesome is that? Granted, they did say that the next time the hinge goes, I would have to replace the whole frame, but at least this buys me quiet a bit of time until then. I highly recommend these guys for hardware repair as my experience was nothing short of 5-star worthy.
5	I went to smartfix a couple of days ago to fix my iPhone 5.The customer service by the one of the technicians was outstanding. While checking around other places smartfix gave me the best price quote and even got my phone looking like brand new the same day when other places told me they would have to order the part and wait a week or 2 . I went their Summerlin Location and i will preffer anyone to go there. Ask for Robert he was the one helping me out that day and i believe Candle was the one who assited me when i picked up my phone a few hours later. Thank you Smartfix and i apreciate your services! I will def. come and get all my electronics fixed with you!
5	My one year old son is a pro at tossing my iPhone and breaking the glass- regardless of what phone cover I have. These guys at Smart Fix have been awesome at fixing my phone every time- from having glass in stock. to great service, fast turn around, clean, friendly, and priced right. I've been to many other places and branches, but these guys have them all beat on all levels.
5	Came in with a broken iphone 4S... Super fast service for a great price! Just walked in and dropped it off, picked it up within the hour! Great customer service and awesome work!!!
5	An ipad 2 with a cracked screen, an upset 3-yr old, & smart fix = a storybook ending! They fixed our ipad in about 2 hours & other than the slightly bent corners, it's as good as new! Thanks smartfix! I was getting ready to take our ipad to another store but was dissuaded by BBB complaints. Not smartfix! Great BBB rating & reviews. Highly recommend!
2	Update to yesterday's review:All was fine until I started the laptop the next morning and it got so hot I nearly destroyed it -- I had taken it in SPECIFICALLY because it had gotten hot. My lovely techie did a remote diagnosis, so I told the Smartfix guy, Robert, exactly what was wrong with it and asked him to clean the air vents, check the fan and add thermal paste. Apparently he did that but didn't check that it worked -- because it did not. Within a few minutes of work, the laptop was smart enough to shut itself off. It was very hot and I could barely touch it.I was on deadline and rushed back to the store, where Robert, very nonchalantly, decided, chuckling, that he had --FORGOTTEN TO CONNECT THE FAN AFTER CLEANING IT! Sure, mistakes happen, but this is a rookie mistake that any vocational student wouldn't make.I was quite upset, as I run a small business and this laptop is my life, but there was no apology -- nothing! He just said that everything is fixable and to come back later, further complicating my deadline situation. I would have forgiven the mistake, as mistakes are human, but if I'd made a mistake like that, I'd be begging the customer for forgiveness and offering all sorts of discounts. But no, Robert really simply seemed to not understand that it's important to get it right the first time to keep customers coming back. He's nonchalant to the point that it appears that he doesn't care. He did fix it the second time around, but still, I am sorely disappointed by the lack of interest/urgency. I have pretty low expectations, but I do expect things to be fixed the first time. __________________________________________________________________I am having a really bad IT day -- both my laptop and my Android have issues.  I called Smartfix -- read some good Yelp reviews -- and had my questions answered. Just dropped everything off and I am happy with the level of expertise and service thus far. Might upgrade to 5 stars if the stuff actually works after I pick it up. Happy to hear they can turn these around in a few hours, as it's hard to run a business without the IT  basics.
5	Had the power button on my husbands iPhone fixed. Only took an hour. They were very nice & it only cost $55.
5	Texting, E-mail, GPS, and more or less my life is on my phone.   Sadly, over the summer I dropped my cell phone (Motorola Droid Razr M) and shattered the screen.  It was such a bad drop that my phone wouldn't even turn on after I dropped it.  To make the situation even worse, I was over a year away from a new contract to replace my phone and buying a phone with no contract is just too far out of my price range.Now did you know that a shattered screen can't be fixed by a Verizon store?  I didn't.  This was yet another blow to my misfortune over the summer.  Thankfully my husband found Smart Fix and took my phone in to get the screen replaced and try to get it to turn on again.  I had to be out of town right after the cell phone mishap so he handled the initial drop off of my phone.  Smart Fix had a great turn around and my phone was done at the promised time and actually a little early.  It did cost a shiny penny to fix (over a $100) but to have my phone back working without having to buy a new one without a contract was definitely worth it.  Now why they get the 5 stars instead of 4 is because they have incredible patience.  After I got my phone back it worked just fine for about a day and then it just shut down and wouldn't turn back on again.  I charged it for a couple hours and still nothing.  I didn't know what to do so I brought it back to Smart Fix and they started working on it right away.  The worker took everything apart and double check everything to see what was wrong, but he couldn't find anything.  After a bit more trouble shooting they figured out it was my charger that wasn't working.  I felt pretty silly, but at the same time relieved.  Thank you Smart Fix for giving me my life line back.  If I ever have any more electronic issues I will be back....but I hope I don't need to go back anytime soon.
5	Needed the glass on my IPad replaced. They did the job same day. Very professional.  Open 7 days a week! A little pricey but much better than buying a new one.
3	Over priced,  I brought computer wends morning when they opened.  Took 3 days to find out it was the hard drive,  and then tried to charge $100 for new one that costs $50 at best buy for exact one..  Wouldn't return here or recommend
1	Have you ever wondered whether it's worth it to get your phone screen fixed or take a chance on a refurbished phone?  Smart Fix makes you wonder NO more. I brought my 2-month old Samsung Galaxy S4 to this business for a shattered screen.  Although more expensive, Smart Fix seemed to have good reviews and since my phone was still working great, I wanted to save myself the "hassle" of getting a refurbished phone that may or may not work.  I dropped off my phone on a Wednesday and was told I could pick it up Thursday.  Cool.  When I picked it up it looked great!  The screen looked good and although the phone seemed to be a bit less sensitive when I tried to use the touch screen, I was assured it would be fine and to bring it back if there were any problems.  This was Thursday.  Saturday, I went for a run with my phone in my bag.  Nothing else was in the bag, and yes, my phone was secured and in a cover.  When I got home, there was a huge crack down the middle of my phone.  What the heck?  How could that have happened from just sitting in my bag? I brought the phone back to Smart Fix on Tuesday, less than a week after I paid $146 for a new screen.  Not only did they not stand by their product, I was given a "lesson" on "physics" and how there was no explanation for how the phone screen cracked -- and therefore it was not their problem.  I was told they could fix my phone -- at a discount! Yes, that makes sense -- I am going to give you MORE money when I just flushed over $100 down the toilet, expecting that my screen would not mysteriously combust 48 hours later.  Awesome.Shit happens.  If they had just been willing to fix it when the screen cost them $4, we would be cool.  I am super disappointed and would recommend this place to NO ONE!
5	Before coming this place, I had seriously been to 3 or 4 other places and asked them to fix my new phone. My phone was acting up; the stupid phone wouldn't get a proper LTE connection. I'll be honest, I was feeling defeating. My 5s was running slow and I didn't understand why. I'm even pretty technically savvy but my friend told me about this place after he had his screen fixed.I took my phone into Kandel. He was fair. He told me he would take a look, but he couldn't guarantee that he'd be able to fix it because of the two scenarios that were possible. Luckily in my case, it was the scenario that worked in in my favor. He changed the antenna because it was defective. After replacing it, the phone worked like a champ! I even ran speed tests and it was running 3 times faster than before. Streaming videos was a breeze! This was my main problem!I'm so happy that Kandel helped me.so many others told me there was no hope and he told me it was no problem. Needless to say, I was highly satisfied with the service I got from this place. If I ever have any issue that I am unable to fix in the future, Kandel will be the man to fix it.
5	I went to fix my water damage phone. Very professional did there work on time I was very happy with them
5	called a few places to replace my iPhone 5 case.  The other store convinced me that a lot of repair places will not do it "correctly" and dust will get in.  they were charging me 155 and that was with their yelp special. My boss sent me to Smart Fix.  125$, done right.. and immediately.  Tell your people.  They are great..
5	I have been to Smart Fix twice.  Both times I had cracked screens on my iPhone.  You can't beat their prices and they were incredibly fast!!  The second time my screen was not working at all after I learned, the hard way, to not try to fix it myself.  They made it seem so easy the first time that I thought I could fix my screen with a screen I ordered online.  DO NOT DO THIS!!!  JUST GO TO SMART FIX!!! He replaced cables, and repaired my screen in just a few minutes and was very professional and polite.  My phone is like new and I couldn't be more pleased with my service!  Thank you Smart Fix!
5	I was hesitant to repair my Iphone 5 screen after reading a lot of bad reviews about places like this. Both the glass and LCD were broken and they charged $120 total to repair both. It took less than an hour and the guys helping me were cool. You wouldn't be able to tell it wasn't stock, flawless fix. It's been almost a month and the phone is still in perfect condition.
5	Dropped my Samsung GS4 and the screen was shattered.  The phone would turn on but it the screen remained black.  I took it to Kandel, and he replaced the screen in about a half hour that same day.  He also fixed the sound - it wasn't making any sounds since I had dropped it.  The service was quick, effective, and EXACTLY what I needed.  Phone works great once again!  I will definitely be returning to Smart Fix for any other phone/computer related issues. Thanks, Kandel!!
1	I went there to get my phone screen replaced, at first they said it would be $80 to fix it. So then i ordered my screen from online so it would be cheaper for them to fix it. I went again and told them i ordered the screen and told me it would be $50, so i then went today with my phone to get fixed but they told me it would be $80 even i have the part to fix it. they are rude and greedy. I HIGHLY RECOMEND THAT YOU DO NOT VISIT THIS PLACE
5	We came here to get the screen fixed on a phone and it was a great. breath of fresh air the staff was very friendly told us the price and that it would take 2 hours to fix..... 2 hours later we received a phone call that the phone was ready  to pick up  ....... The phone looked brand new and it comes with a 30 day warranty
5	Excellent work, fast, friendly, priced right. Hopefully won't have to come back. (Crosses fingers.)
5	Thank you for fixing my sons phone so fast. Both Apple and ATT wanted $200 to replace a brand new phone when all we needed was a new screen. Your price to fix was less than half of that and you fixed in 30 minutes. What more can we ask for? Thank you! So happy to have a place close by with great service!
4	I recently cracked the screen on my iPhone 5s and was looking to find a place that would fix it for a decent price. I came across this place and decided to try it based on its reviews. It cost 100 to repair the screen and it looks as good as new! However, I do notice the brightness on my phone has changed and needs to be all the way turned up compared to before. Also, it somehow has changed the quality of the front camera on my phone making pictures seem more dark and less vibrant than before which I'm not too happy about. It took about an hour to repair my phone which was great! But I did not receive a phone call from them notifying me that my phone was ready to pick up. Nonetheless, I am satisfied to have a phone that works and is crack-free and would recommend this place if you are looking to fix your phone fast.
1	I had my screen fixed here and the next day it cracked. They would not honor the 30 day guarantee. I would NEVER recommend this place. Poor customer service. Do not waste your money.
5	Same story: Dropped my LG G2 and shattered the screen and the digitizer. Boo :( I personally replaced my last phones (droid) glass pane with help of youtube and amazon ( about $50 and took me 3 hours to do and it wasnt perfect)So I decided I wanted to go the more faster. convienent, and professional route this time. Dropped it off at 11:30 - picked it up at 1:30. Everything is great, guys were very nice and helpful. paid $173 (included taxes) Done and Done ! Thank you Smart Fix !
5	Had a charger problem on our Samsung S3.  It was fixed and done before the time they said it would be. Would highly recommend!
1	Came in to a really pretty shop and was greeted right away told the sales associate that I messed up the phone trying to replace the screen myself and without even looking the phone over said I would need a new lcd screen and it would be $220. I agreed to the price and was told to come back at 5, returned at 5 to find out the parts had not evwn come yet from some completely different sales associate and instead of them calling me ahead of time he asked me to come back at 6:30. As soon as I leave I got a call saying that the buttons need to be replaced to and that would be an extra $30 so they didn't initially assess all of the problems, they wasted my entire day and had me running back and forth to the store from my home, and then they raised the price after inconveniencing me when I could have had the full monetary assessment when I first walked into the store. This place has horrible customer service ridiculous prices and just overall sucks. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.
5	They did such an awesome job fixing my completely shattered iPhone 5C screen it looked almost and functions almost better than new.  Super clean store, super courteous staff. AND DONE SUPER FAST TOO!  Omg I could not believe my phone was ready no problem after 45 minutes!!! And the prices are super reasonable too!!
