4	Chipotle may not be authentic Mexican, but it does set itself apart from other chains. The primary reason to go to Chipotle is the quality of the ingredients. Niman Ranch pork is ten times more juicy and delectable than the factory farmed version. It's also much more humanely raised and ecologically friendly. Chipotle braises the pork with pepper and other mild spices and the tender and flavorful result is what keeps me coming back all the time. There are lots of other options ranging from chicken to vegetarian, but in my opinion the pork is really the best. This location sometimes will give you a discount if you order just meat/cheese/rice and sometimes not...it's rather bizarre, but I think it depends on if the manager is around or not. I keep my receipts as a rather amusing record of how many times I have gotten the "Ilini secret special."It's quite expensive as "fast food" goes and it gets crowded. I usually take mine to go, since every Chipotle I've visited has had a harried atmosphere that makes dining in unpleasant...but even if it upscale fast food, it's still fast food, so that's what I expect.
5	Okay, so I know it's owned by McDonald's, and after watching Super Size Me, I will never eat at that place again. But wow, I don't care if it's going to clog the crap out of my arteries, I LOVE CHIPOTLE. Then after being in Florida for school for so long, my obsession with Chipotle became clear. Their chicken fajita burritos and their salsa are just soo good! It's also nice that you're able to get a Corona on the side if you want. MMmmm.UPDATE!Melissa M right below me just informed me that McDonalds no longer owns Chipotle. EAT UP!
4	Please don't hate, but I like Chipotle... Sure it's owned by McDonalds, sure it's not authentic Mexican food, but still it's very tasty. Nothing special about this particular location: it looks like any other Chipotle restaurant (maybe a little nicer?). The nice thing about it, though, is that I get the same burrito that I would buy in NYC for $2 cheaper...
3	I don't like burritos but I love Chipotle! Yes, it's fast food but I think what makes them different is their ingredients. They grill their meat to perfection, make their buttered rice from scratch and their salsas are amazing! I would easily choose Chipotle over La Bamba's anytime.
5	Ok - it's no El Charro. But if I had to pick a chain restaurant on campus, I'd go with Chipotle. Especially now that Chipotle isn't owned by McDonald's anymore - I feel better about endorsing them. Their veggie burrito bowls are very filling and the majority of the ingredients are organic, naturally raised, sustainable, hormone free and sometimes, even locally grown! It is truly Food With Integrity, like their ads claim. And anyone who goes to Qdoba (greasy barf) is out of their mind.
4	It's Chipotle. It fulfills a need--satisfying my cravings for psuedo-Mexican food. I do actually think their guac is really good, and the unique char on the chicken is what keeps me coming back. Of course there are better choices for Mexican, but how can you deny that specific craving?
4	I was a late bloomer when it came to Chipotle, and I now love it. I regret not eating it sooner. I wish they had more than one location, because if you don't live close to it and don't feel like going on campus at that certain time, you're out of luck. But it's across from an Urban Outfitters, double trouble.I'm a fan of the guacamole, and I think the chips are delicious. My weapon of choice is a chicken burrito, but the tortillas are a little too thin. Maybe my add-ons are just too much, but the thin tortilla never makes it to the end in one piece. Then everything kinda turns into a clusterfuck. But nonetheless, it's very tasty. Line can be long but usually moves fast, friendly staff. Two thumbs way up, holiday fun for the whole family.
4	I really don't understand all the guilt in liking Chipotle! If you like it, you like it. Frankly I'd take a tasty inauthentic chain restaurant burrito over some of the local flavorless grease bombs any day. I think the success of Chipotle is down to their very focused menu. They only serve burritos, salads and chips. They have chosen a narrow scope and do it well.Like most chain restaurants, it usually tastes better the when they are busier. I have gone at off-times and had less-than fresh ingredients served to me. Frankly though if they start scraping the bottom of the container of meat I imagine you could politely ask to wait for a fresh batch.I'm not a fan of grease and I enjoy the fact that the meat seems lean but juicy. That way grease isn't squirting all over your plate as you attempt to eat the burrito. Their chips are generally very fresh tasting and warm. They have just the right amount of salt. I'd recommend the guacamole as it's certainly better than I ever imagined it could be.There are better sit-down restaurants to eat Mexican in town. But if you need something quick to eat and are near campus this is a great choice over somewhere like Taco Bell.
2	Gimme a break, this is an imitation Mexican restaurant run by McDonalds.  I'm from Urbana and I live in a very competitive place for mexican food, San Diego, CA.  The best thing that can be said about the food is, (a) Its not expensive for the amount you get, (b) It's unlikely to cause indigestion, and (c) If you've never tried mexican before, this won't turn you away forever.Otherwise, compared to many other mexican fast-food restaurants, this one is highly forgettable.  Example : L.S. (CA West Coast), much better, a 5-star fast-food mexican restaurant.  Example : R. (National), much better, a little pricier than the one above and salsas not as good, a 4-star fast-food mexican restaurant, and a publically traded company.  Example : T.B. (National).  Ok, it's not really mexican, but I enjoy their "imaginary" mexican creations, such as the 7-layer burrito and their chalupas, 3 stars.
4	This place is addictive. When I'm on campus during the school year I go here literally at least once a week. Because of the lack of options that the good ol' U of I does NOT provide, Chipotle on Green St. is the place to go if you want good food and have nowhere else to go. The steak fajitas here never disappoint, and you're always in for a treat if any of the ingredients are freshly laid out (especially the meat!) However, I've noticed that the burritos here are somehow much smaller than the burritos I get when I'm home for the summer...hmmm...seems like another way U of I screws over its consumers and students. Nonetheless, this is a fabulous place to go if you've become addicted to Chipotle. But for $8 for a burrito and a small drink, it's hard to justify going here too often.
2	I'm giving Chipotle a 2 only to differentiate them from Qdoba, which is definitely worse, but in a just world this would be a 1.5. The food is only nominally Mexican, meat is dry and not so flavorful, prices not all that reasonable, and the salsa tasteless. There's really no reason to go to either Qdoba or Chipotle with La Bamba and (even better) Los Amigos around.
2	Gut bomb.Filled with more rice and beans than anything else, so not even really worth the price.
4	Service is quick and friendly. I like the two stories with the building. Things are a little bit more quiet upstairs. Their Chips and salsa are addicting. Simply put. mmmmm Tacos. . .
2	Champaign Chipotle sucks. Honestly, I love Chipotle. I've had it in numerous places, always enjoyed a big juicy burrito, but this one... The worst of the worst. My burrito was half-sized, and most of the ingredients were overhelmed by rice and beans. Barbacoa was tough and dry... Rice was dry too, Corn was pale and weird. Pretty much all of the ingredients tasted different!Never again.
4	My first time Chipotle was sometime last year. It was one of the best things, and I fell in love with Chipotle. The service is fast and the food is great. I love their chicken tacos and burrito bowls and they have tons of other great choices. If you love Mexican food, I would definitely suggest trying  it out!!
2	I love Chipotle and lived in a town without one for a couple years. I was really excited to move to Champaign and finally be able to have Chipotle once a week for lunch again but this location just sucks. The employees are rude and move so slow. They give really skimpy portion sizes. The guac, rice, and tea taste different than all the others I've eaten at. This location goes against everything Chipotle stands for. It's such a shame.
3	Its a Chipotle, so there isn't much to elaborate on.  Don't go from noon to 1pm when school is in session, as the line can get ridiculous.  But otherwise I've never had a bad experience at this location.
4	Chipotle is delicious.  Way better and fresher than qdoba, but they also don't have as much variety (I'd go for fresher and better over variety any day).  Burritos run about $6.50-$7, plus you can go for the upsell with guac, chips, and a drink and end up with a ~$12 bill, which is a little much for a meal in a fast casual restaurant.  The burritos are pretty big, but I can't say that I'm completely full after them, however with the calorie count, I really shouldn't complain.  Biggest downside to this location is that it's almost always busy; you can expect a 10-30 minute wait during lunch and dinner periods, and sometimes just randomly throughout the day.  Also, they aren't open all that late, so you can't satisfy those late night munchies with a Chipotle burrito :-(
3	Let me start this off by saying I LOVE Chipotle.  I could eat it everyday if I could afford that.  I've been to them in Champaign/Chicago/etc.  They're great and deserve five stars.The problem with this Chipotle in particular- THE LINE.  Holy hell.  Everytime I would think to myself, "I want Chipotle" I'd look in and see a line wrapping around the building.  Of course I waited in it, but it took forever.  This isn't a one time occuring thing either- there is always a LINE.  I think it's because of the online orders, backing everything up. Either way, the food and everything is still excellent, it's just a long wait.
3	Visited here for the first time a few days ago. I've been to Qdoba many times over the years, but had always avoided Chipotle due to the much longer waits.  I generally avoid campus eateries when students are here, but since it was much less crowded on campus a friend of mine and I decided to take advantage.I wanted to get a chicken burrito (as did my friend), but we were told it would be at least an additional 5 minute wait, so my friend chose steak and I decided to try the carnitas.  I was expecting something very flavorful, but I felt it was rather bland. I chose black beans, medium salsa (wish I had gone with hot now, because medium had no heat or taste at all), and cheese.  Perhaps it would have been better with chicken, but I would have taken a steak queso burrito from Qdoba any day.  I will probably give it another chance if I have the urge to go on campus, but the hype I had heard before going outweighed my actual experience.  Extremely loud, but you kinda expect that on campus.
5	Awesome like always!!!! Great healthy food!
2	Recently, the prices at this location have arbitrarily climbed (while the prices at other locations have remained static), and customer service has significantly decreased. The burritos, which were already smaller than usual at this location, have shrunk an inconceivable amount (I now get only about half a scoop of meat compared with an ample scoop and a half at other locations), significantly reducing my satisfaction as a customer. I e-mailed Chipotle directly with my concerns and received a copy and paste response almost two weeks after my complaint. Way to go!
4	mmmm....I love the Burrito Bowl....I think you get more for your money.  They have their signature Rice with Lime & Cilantro now with Brown Rice.  And I love the Guacomole....Mmmmm.
2	Always get the fajita burrito with extra rice. My chipotle experiances have always been great except for this chipotle. The service is not super friendly, and when then put the meat on your burrito, they don't put alot. There is always a long line, which is usually acceptable except when the line has to fold into the eating area. This chipotles burritos are usally 3/4 the size of the ones i get made for me at other chipotle places. Still this chipotle is able to fix my chipotle fix.
2	Why the fuck would I review Chipotle, a delicious but slightly generic burrito chain? I had to echo the chorus whom can't help but laugh at the portion sizes. Of course some may say we're just being "Fat Americans," but I love the bang-for-my-buck gut bombs that Chipotle is famous for. The burritos at this location simply seem like a sample size compared to superior other locations; the employees seem to give less of  a damn than any other fast food location in the area. That's a great summation of this Chipotle.
3	One of my peers is a native of Mexico and I asked him what he really felt about this place. His exact words were "It's just like Taco Bell." It's nice to get a native's perspective on our Americanized Mexican food. I gotta say that the food is fairly delicious and filling though but it does cost a bit too much for it.
4	Chipotle is the best. We all know it. But the thing is, this Chipotle could run a lot more efficiently. There is a lot of time waiting in line because the efficiency of getting more food on the line isn't as fast as it should be, especially for a fast-food chain 2 blocks away from campus. Why still four stars? Because it's delicious! I still go here all the time because the food is so fresh-- it must get replaced very frequently because of the amount of people that go here, so it's in its freshest state. All in all, good place, but could use some better efficiency.
5	I love it!
3	It's a Chipotle. So the food is what you'd expect from any other Chipotle. Don't go at lunch or dinner time because the line winds around the eating area.
3	This Chipotle looks like any other, serving up your fresh, stereotypical Mexican cuisine.  Service: The workers here are a bit terse and pretty inefficient compared to the Chipotles in Chicago.  But then again, there is much higher traffic in Chicago...  Thank goodness I didn't come when school already started...!Food: The quality here is just as good as any other Chipotle :)
5	This place is great. On point with all things Chipotle. Could be a little cleaner but the food is consistently good, staff nice, and they handle a busy large crowd excellent.
3	Liked the food a lot. Exciting and exotic taste no matter how you choose to mix up the ingredients. However I'm not always happy with the service. Staff a little rude and inpatient. Maby just to busy? Also portion varies each time I go there.
4	Yum yum yum, kept hearing about chipotle as soon as I moved here and now I know why. Every ingredient is fresh, and their selection of lime rice is unique and tasty you can get either white or fried. The only thing holding this specific location back is their own success. There hasn't been a time I've gone where the line wasn't stretched past the door. If they could implement more efficient ways of moving the line besides online ordering (which is nice) this is easily a 5 star location.
