4	Nice little store. Picked up a few swatches. They also carry books with color schemes for your particular subdivision if you are in their neighborhood. This helped us out a lot. The color advisor worked out a few examples for us so we could see what the paint would look like on our house. You can e-mail her a picture of your house and she can have it ready for you when you get there. Just call ahead.
5	Thats some good paint.
5	Jessica, the color consultant who works here, is a complete lifesaver. Deciding what colors to paint the exterior of your house is one of the most daunting home improvement-related decisions that I have ever had to make. She helped me establish what I like, pick a few swatches within that range, and narrow them down from there. Having her help made the process so much less overwhelming. She thought of things that I would never have even thought of, like making sure that the colors worked with the gravel that covers almost every square inch of my front yard. I ended up with a gorgeous house that is a complete 180 from what it was before it was painted, and she even gave me some landscaping ideas! I get compliments on my newly painted house all the time, and it's all thanks to Jessica. Also, the quality of the paint is incredible, and it's ALL low-VOC and manufactured in the southwest. I refuse to buy paint anywhere else.
5	Jessica the paint consultant/interior design goddess is AMAZING. she is easy to work with, passionate about helping us find what works for us and so sweet. she helped us with colors we liked and turned them into colors we now loe. we are doing 11 colors in our home we just purchased and made us feel like this is normal and no big deal. you can email her pictures of your home, furniture and ideas. the store will be is serious trouble when she's away on maternity leave. i have recommended her to several of my friends.
5	I am a programmer, not a painter.  When I walk into a paint store, I am an idiot.  I do not know what gloss I want, or what tools I need.  I only know what colors my designer told me to buy.  This is why Dunn-Edwards gets 5-stars from me.  They don't treat me like a moron.  They help me figure out what I need by asking me what I'm painting, how much, what I already have, showing me options, and helping me figure out what to do.I've been to this store 4 times now, and each time the experience has been the same.  Helpful people, a short wait while the paint is mixed, and during that time, they help a hand full of (what appear to be) hard-core professional painters, and husband-and-wife do-it-yourselfers.I come here exclusively now, even when my designer tells me to get a Sherwin Williams color.  They just pull out a Sherwin Williams color book, match it up for me, and boom - job's done.
1	Lousy quality of paint - even their "top of the line". Would not stand behind their products. Upper management is NO use what so ever. Going back to SW
2	Came into the store to get paint for 5 rooms, so only 10 gallons, small order for them, but big for me. One guy working with a customer. 4 more customers came in and the sales guys emerged from the back to assist and jumped on them. I stood at the color wall staring at the sales man as he avoided eye contact with me.  I even verbalized the lack off assistance and was ignored. Watched the guy walk in back after actually making eye contact. Horrible service. Maybe they should stick to contractors and stop pretending they like to help the general public. Sales associate that finally did assist was brand new and was helpful and charming. When the new guy is out servicing the veterans something in the business model has failed.
