5	Brand new location at the Westgate Mall area, adjacent to the Cardinal's stadium.  Location has all the latest and greatest Carls Jr innovations and is top notch.  The eating area has all the new age art deco feel and is very clean.  If you love burgers, this is the place.  The buns are freshly baked rolls, and currently Carls Jr is the only burger chain that still has 100% Angus burgers.  You must have the $6 Thickburger in any form is good, I prefer classic dress with lettuce, tomato, pickle, cheese, mayo, mustard and last but not least onion.  The choice of fries is great, you can do standard cut, waffle cut seasoned, potato fries or chili cheese fries.  The location could only be better if it had a Coke Freestlyle but it does not.  You can get a great selection of drinks though and they even sell Monster on site if you need to get your burger on then get all charged up.  The site has tons of great flat screens to check out ESPN while you eat, however the swag lights are kind of in the way of the TVs.  All and all a great burger experience.
5	This has got to be the best looking carls jr ive ever ben to. Its new location close to the Coyotes and cardinals arena is super sweet for before and after events. This one in particular tastes super fresh and they usually seem to do a quick and good job on whatever I order. They are my go to carls for whenever I need my fix..  They are always quick even on game days. My only complaint is theres some guy with glasses (occasionally he doesnt wear them it seems) that gives my father a hard time about his military discount, thats insanely frustrating to him and myself, but we have called corporate and recieved compensation for his ignorance.. I love that carls overall tho, and wouldnt deny how awesome they are just because of that one D bag.
1	Waited for 35 minutes for my food and asked for a refund and the manager kept looking at me like I was stupid. She hardly spoke English and I asked her for the phone number to the corporate office and didn't know where it was when she was the manager. After awhile she finally gave me my refund and won't ever be back to this location. Seems like all the managers around here have their heads up their asses!!!!
