4	Ok - So - My fiancee and I are driving down Green and he looks at me and says, "Listen - I want Chinese Food tonight - and while I know that We've never been there - I think it's time that we give No. 1 Wok a try.  After all, they are making a pretty staunch declaration and I think that deserves our attention."I am glad we did.  Their food, while not unbelievable or incredible, is always good and doesn't break the piggy bank.  I suggest the Chow Fun.  It's very good and not TOO greasy...
1	Well, their sign says it all, "No 1 wok"; as in, No, don't bother trying it.I ordered a combination plate and asked for fried rice, but got white, the egg role was terribly overdone, and the sweet and sour chicken was just ok.For the price, I would go to a few other places in Champaign-Urbana and get much better quality.
2	Cheap and perfectly adequate. The kind of place you order from because it's close and cheap. If you're willing to travel farther, wait longer, or spend more, go elsewhere. But this is a fine option, and you can get a lunch special with an entree and fried rice for $4.50. I like the broccoli with garlic sauce--the sauce is good but not great, but the broccoli is perfectly cooked. Mmm.
3	The food here isn't great but it isn't bad either. It's cheap but Champaign has lots of great Chinese options such as Lai Lai Wok or Golden Harbor nearby. Among the cheaper options though, this is about par.
4	I really think this is some of the best Chinese food in Champaign. I was an Empire fan for the longest, but one dish from Number one Wok is definitely more savory than Empire or Evo in comparison. They are a little heavy on their pork inclusions to fried rice and egg rolls, but I enjoy swine so the more for me.
4	I love this place for take out Chinese. I tend to get the sesame chicken combo and fried wontons which are both very good. When I get other things I am happy with the food. I use to go to First Wok all the time because I lived near it but now I am far away from it and find that this place is just as good if not better. They are always very pleasant, quick, and I find the prices very reasonable.
4	Food is great, service is great, staff is great.... Chinese Food is one of my favorite cuisines, and I've tried many place locally as well as out of town... this is one of the best.  There is one other place locally that I love almost as much, but the food is there is prepared Cafeteria Style...  But very well seasoned... One Wok Food is prepared as order.. and some items could use a little more seasoning.The Restaurant has a open kitchen, so you can see that it is clean and watch as your food is being prepare.I have never been in there when I wasn't greeted with a friendly and warm hello and a smile, no matter how busy they are..... Most of the time I call in my order and it's always ready when promised..  The price match the quantity...
5	I can honestly say this is my favorite Chinese restaurant I've ever been to and I've been to LOTS. You sometimes go to restaurants where they have the picture of the food and you get it and its completely different. Not at Number One. Every time I order it comes exactly as expected and exceeds taste wise. The fried dumplings are a MUST if you ever visit this place. Couldn't be more happy with their service either. I order for pick up and it's always ready right on time.PERFECT.
4	Food is actually pretty delicious. Price is okay, but the amount that they give you is amazing. Definitely worth going for if you want good quick Chinese food
3	just a okay place for Americanized Chinese food(you know, general tsao's chicken, beef broccoli, sweet sour pork and such). decent amount, but mostly on the bland side. Sometimes i just wish they could put something (M.S.G, chicken stock, oyster sauce or whatever works) into their cooking to make the dishes more flavorful! really, but mostly it just taste like soy sauce. *sign* but the people work their are nice. :) they wont greet you overwhelmingly(big smile, "hi", "how are you" and stuff), just generally being nice.  ps. try their dumplings, there are huge! i like them~
4	THE biggest serving of Crab Rangoon my lonely eyes have ever seen. They could use a fork upgrade, but the rice was nice.
