4	I booked a suite at the Signature MGM through Luxury Suites International.  Prior to booking online I called to ask questions such as fees if I had to cancel or change reservation and about resort fee, I was concerned because I had to pay in advance and I did not want to lose my money.  All my questions were answered and felt comfortable booking online.  The hotel is secured at the entrance as you have to have a reservation in order to go through security; they had my name on the list and told me what building I'll be staying.  At the registration desk all was in order and they even let me check in at 1:30PM.  Our one bedroom suite was very nice much better than I expected.  Our suite had a view planet Hollywood, Vedra, MGM & Cosmopolitan it was nice to have a balcony.  The pool was nice; I just wish did not have to charge for umbrellas. The bar was convenient if you didn't want to walk to the MGM. Overall I loved this place I just wish they had a store that would sell beverages and snacks.  I really did not have any problems with the Luxury Suites so I'm happy I booked this hotel through them and the plus about it I got a really good deal considering it was for a weekend in Vegas which could get pricey at a 4 star hotel.  I'll definitely go through them next time I travel.
4	Copying from my review of Signature Hotel;:I stay at the signature a lot as I travel to Vegas on business.  Because I'm a frequent guest, I get a great rate through a third party booking agent (Luxury Suites International)I go back to the Signature week after week because the rooms are beautiful and spacious, especially when you get a balcony.Some things to know:- You're just off the strip, but it is a bit of a walk to get there.- I really like the gym there.  Very well appointed with plenty of good machines, and extras like headphones, current magazines,  chilled towels.- The one restaurant (The Lounge), and room service are very good, but pricey.- There is a cafe and a starbucks available, but they're not open late.  - I've had a lot of trouble with LSI over the past weeks when it came to making my reservations.  They have regular business hours only, and don't handle changes well.  I've walked into unmade up rooms (from the prior guest) three times in my 11 weeks or so of staying there.   They've also messed up my reservation a few times.  But, once you get them on the phone, they're very nice, and do work to fix any problems.    (Revised August 2011 - They're improved drastically in recent weeks with new staff who are more attentive.  I also have gotten to know some of the LSI people - and they are wonderful people.  So I forgive them for past mistakes)- The Signature staff are very professional and friendly.- The valet, which is the only parking option, is sometimes very slow.  I have to give myself 10 - 15 minutes in the morning to get my car.- There is a resort fee of something like $15 a night for internet, gym, etc.  This makes what seems like a great deal more like a moderate deal.Id give Signature 5 stars only if parking were a little easier.
5	This was an all around great experience.  From the guard at the gate to the cleanliness of the rooms, it was first rate.  In fact we are staying there again.  We especially like the layout for the kids.  There is no exposure to the casino as you walk through the lobby.
1	I stayed at the luxury suites from 9/5 to 9/7/11.  The deal was booked on travelzoo, with 2 passes each to wet republic and pure night club. When I was booking this hotel, there were better deals with other hotels, but the determining factor for me were these passes.  The check in was smooth, and the rooms were great.Keep in mind that the rooms are super far, and if you want to grab something at a convenience store late at night, you have to walk all the way back to the MGM hotel lobby, and trust me, its a far walk!!  Also, park in the MGM signature parking lot, not the MGM lot.  the rooms are at the signature.Upon check in, I was told to contact someone regarding the passes to the clubs.  I left multiple messages and texts to the contact person (I know I had the right number because of his voicemail), but I did not hear anything back from him.  I called the luxury suites number, but no one was able to help us out, other than giving me the number of the same guy.  Not only this was terribly disappointing, but to top things off, My friend left his ipod in the room, and we called the very same day and a few other times, but no answer.  After leaving numerous messages for a missing ipod, more than 10 days and still not a single phone call was returned.  This is the first time that I had a bad experience with any Las Vegas hotel, especially since there were hotels just as nice at a better rate.  This experience totally ruined our stay in Vegas, although we made the best out of everything else and had a blast, but unfortunately, its the bad things that stick.  My friends and I will never book with luxury suites again.
4	We've booked through Luxury Suites International (LSI) for two separate Vegas getaways.  LSI owns floors of The Signature and you need to read what you're buying.  Most of the complaints about LSI stem from what I can only figure are people who saw a price and immediately booked without reading.  LSI offers deals as low as $79 for rooms in Vegas but the catch is you don't have all the same amenties as a regular guest.  You have to call LSI in order to fulfill requests.  I didn't have a reason to call them on either of my trips.  If I wanted or was worried about all the amenities, I'd pay the extra $100 a night and book directly through The Signature.  My husband and I stayed at The Signature both times we went to Vegas and we had very clean, large, junior suites both times.  We were on a low floor because we didn't pay more for the view.  Again, read about the rooms and read about the reservation and amenities.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars and not 5 is because I think it's a little ridiculous to charge $25 to cancel no matter how far out the reservation is.  Same day or even week...sure take $25.  But a month?  Kinda lame.
4	We have stayed at The Signature on several previous occasions. We decided to try Luxury Suites International this time....We were very pleased. We received all of the service from previous trips. The maid service was outstanding! The room was well maintained and a great value. We loved it!  - Previously we stayed at the Elara (Hilton Grand Vacations)  4 weeks previously.. no comparison. We will be staying at The Signature and booking through LSI...
5	This could not have been better-we had such a nice room, it was cleaned so nicely the Saturday afternoon we were there and only $30 more for a 6pm Sunday check out-yes sir! The 31st floor view and balcony was amazing!! Everything worked out fantastic. NO long cab lines, polite staff, no chaos, but so quick and easy to get to Bellagio and Cosmo and Encore-never paid over $12 for a cab ride. I loved that it is smoke free and it is NOT far from the pool-when you stay in MGM it is a way longer walk! At least from Tower 1-not long. Loved it.
1	Do NOT book through LSI.  They charge fees to amend your reservation or to cancel your reservation.  I received a better deal elsewhere and cancelled my reservation 3 weeks prior from my check in date.  Please be advised that there are many other property management co's that do not charge a fee (only if you give them a very very short notice).  Very bad business practices.
5	This is my first review on yelp and its because this experience was great enough for me to get off my lazy butt to do it.Just stayed at The Signature for my girlfriends 21st Birthday with some other friend. We booked a small suite through Jetsetter, but then wanted a bigger room. So we called LSI and they upgraded us to the one bedroom suite for free.Using LSI is a bit different than actually going to the hotel because you don't contact the hotel for anything accept maintenance. Everything is done through LSI. Everything was perfect for us except for the fact we wanted to shower before going out to the clubs and we realized we didn't have any towels left. LSI housekeeping was already off duty and The Signature staff wasn't allowed to bring us towels due to some contract. That was the biggest flaw for me in the service. As for everything else is was perfect. I got free EARLY check-in and couple hours later check-out. I will definitely book through them again.
4	I just stayed at The Signature with a couple of friends and overall had a really great experience. We booked the room via Jetsetter but it was one of the LSI rooms. My thoughts...PRO: - Upon arrival, we loved driving up through the gates and security - felt very private and luxurious! The only thing that was annoying about this was when a friend who lives nearby tried to hang out, they wouldn't allow her to park there and we had to meet her at MGM. However, this is great security!- It was amazing not to have an enormously long check in line, loud people, smoke, etc. We had 1 person in front of us to check in and as soon as we walked up and waited for 1 minute, the front desk person apologized for the wait. Really nice!- We got a Junior Suite on the 11th Floor. Room was plenty big enough for all of us and we loved the big bathroom. Bed was comfy and we loved having a kitchen, blender, microwave, fridge, etc!! Plus the balcony was so unusual for Vegas and we loved sitting out there. - Just had a need for fresh towels once and we called and they appeared 10 minutes later. Awesome.- It was slightly difficult to get a cab, but I don't think we waited longed then at a typical Vegas hotel in the strip. Less then 10 minutes to get anywhere on the strip, so a great location. Valet was free and took about 10 minutes to get our car when we checked out. - The walk from MGM from Tower 1 was no more then 5-6 minutes. Very easy!- Pools at the Signature were very quiet! Nice escape and didn't feel like we were in Vegas at all. CONS: - The internet was not very reliable - slow and often times down. Bummer. - Curtains were broken so we couldn't quite close them all the way. - One room was ready at 3pm, one was ready an hour later. - The biggest bummer was our friend forgot his ipod in his room. When we called to talk to lost and found, they said we had to call Jetsetter, which made no sense at all. We called again an hour later and a new person told us they called lost and found and couldn't find anything. For sure the cleaning staff stole the iPod - our fault for leaving it, but pretty awful that it was not returned. - At 10:20am on the day we were to check out, a random guy from the hotel staff knocked on our day to ask us what time we were checking in. Thought this was really bizarre!That's all! I would definitely stay here again.
2	From the moment you arrive at Luxury Suites international you realize that what you paid for makes you less valuable as a guest than going directly through the hotel. The luxury suites are privately owned therefore you will not get the same service as the others staying in the hotel, something you should be aware of if you choose to reserve through amazon or travelzoo. The "customer service" reps: Natasha and Nicole don't have a clue how to make guests feel welcome. In fact if you booked through Amazon or Travelzoo you will soon be aware that other guests booking directly with the hotel are treated differently. Sometimes it's difficult to put your finger on a person's attitude but in this case there is a bit of animosity for those who took advantage of a special. The hotel is nice but I can't emphasize enough, if you feel that Nicole or Natasha the two "customer service representatives" have an attitude, it's time to call the hotel directly. Natasha treats guests as if they are asking for a handout. While the hotel itself has some wonderful qualities the team at Luxury Suites will make you regret booking through them. Whether you need a pillow, housekeeping or a razor (like most hotels will give you) you will be told told by the signature that this is not their concern. Better spend a few more dollars than dealing with these woman who believe that discount guests are more of a nuisance than a valuable part of their business. Furthermore, if you book through Luxury Suites International, a "balcony vista" with a view of the strip is more like a view of another hotel. Beware as all rooms are non refundable. Live and learn.
1	We checked into a dirty room with food everywhere and the beds unmade.  Cleaning service didn't arrive until over an hour later.  You can not work with the regular hotel staff to make your situation better.  Their off-site subpar telephone customer service offered lame solutions (moving to a lower suite in a tower further away or waiving a resort fee).  Luxury Suites International clearly has no desire of retaining your business, do not book.
3	Stayed at the Signature (3 rooms, 3 nights).  Great deal through Travelzoo.  Had no problem connecting with their reps via phone when I needed something.  Housekeeping wasn't an issue, they came in and did their thing if you pressed the housekeeping button and left you alone when you pressed the do not disturb.The property overall was nice, private entrance with gates, valet parking only, but it was nice to feel a peaceful escape from the craziness of the Strip nearby.They couldn't get our 3 rooms near each other (though I booked 4 months ahead of time) or even on the same floors (had floors 2, 4, and 6).  The rooms were in various conditions.Room 1 had two lights that didn't work.  Room 2 had a broken empty fridge that gave off a bad odor and instead of replacing the darn thing, they just placed a second fridge in the room.  Couldn't get the smell to go away.  Room 3 was in better condition, but clearly housekeeping didn't wipe the desk areas and other surfaces as there was dust and a lot of fingerprints/handprints.So, very nice property, quiet for sure, great value, rooms could use more care.
4	"You get what you pay for" something everyone should know by now ESPECIALLY in Vegas. I booked our rooms through Amazon Local and we got a GREAT deal in a very very nice hotel. One of the best I've stayed at besides the Venetian. Maybe its just me but I didn't really have a need to get in contact with customer service while I stayed there. I originally booked my Hotel for check-in on Friday and departing on Sunday. I had to change it last minute and I did but I called the day before my reservation and originally the person I spoke to told me that I could not do that anymore, I read the fine print and it said I could for a $25 fee. I called again and a different person answered and before I even mentioned the $25 fee she explained to me that I could change my date I just had to pay the fee even though I was supposed to go the next day lol. Felt so relieved I hadn't wasted my money. Changed it for the first weekend in April, but something came up AGAIN and I had to change it AGAIN! I called and they seemed to be having a busy day so they told me I'd get a call back later. I didn't get a call back so I called later on and Dawn helped me with changing my date. I changed it but the only thing available for the weekend that I wanted was check-in Saturday and check-out Monday. I was fine with that, we just stayed at the Monte Carlo for one night and then moved over. They didn't charge me a fee this time since I called weeks in advance which was great :DAs soon as we got there we we're impressed. Going through security gate. Complimentary Valet was nice an they also helped us with our luggage. There were absolutely NO LINES for check in so that was very smooth. The lady behind the counter did inform us that we would deal with LSI directly. We got to our room and it was awesome very roomy and it was nice that it had a fridge and kitchen area. Our luggage came up about 10 minutes after we got to the room. We didn't need to call for room service until Sunday like around 5:30pm. Housekeeping service is only supposed to be from 10-4 I believe but we called anyway. We didn't think they would come since it was late but to our surprise, when we came back. They did go in and tidy up the room and put clean towels for us. When we checked out, we needed help with our luggage and we called LSI and they sent someone up at around 10am which is the time we asked them to be sent up so that was great to. From my experience both times that we called, we got what we asked for and they were very nice over the phone. The only complaints I have are that, when I called originally to change my date, I was told that it wasn't possible and I was basically SOL with the money I pad for the rooms. So if I had just listened to that rep and not read the agreement, I would've given away my money for nothing. It is also a little inconvenient having to go through a thrid party for any housekeeping service but as long as it gets done, who really cares. There's definitely room for improvement in service but for the price and for the quality of the suites... My experience at The Signature and with LSI was great!
5	Booked a week at MGM Signature thru Luxury Suites, they did a fantastic job. The reservation agent was very helpful with all of my requests and accommodations . I think I found my future booking company. Thanks again!
4	Our friends bought us a two night stay for our anniversary.   The hotel is in a non-smoking building which I loved due to my allergies; I can hardly tolerate casinos anymore.  We got a junior suite with a view of the strip.  The view just made the room so much more romantic.  When we got there we found out that we were booked under a third party.  Not much different with the exception of housekeeping that leaves at 4:30.  We don't normally book rooms in Vegas as we live here but if I had to, I would definitely stay again.
1	There are no stars for this company!! They are thieves and liars!!! I checked out Monday and when I got home I realized I left multiple expensive clothing behind!!! I called right away and they told me they could not check and housekeeping is contracted out!! There was another guest in the room and could not call room to check!! I could not believe it!! I know exactly where it was and told them but they were rude and not helpful!! I. Know if I would of booked directly with signature I would have my stuff!! Instead either the maid service is sporting my clothing or the girls in the office!!! What kind of people are working for this company?!?!
4	After booking through travelzoo, I only realized we booked through LSI and not at the Signature when we were charged an extra $30 on our credit card.  I looked carefully at our email confirmations and called LSI.  They said it was for the extra person fee for two days for linens, which is understandable but it would have been nice to know that BEFORE we hit the submit button on our order, which they never mentioned.  Since I had them on the phone, I made sure we got our complimentary pack n play, which was nicely waiting for us with linens in it as we arrived.  They lady on the phone was nice and very helpful.  I was really worried about our experience because of the reviews on yelp but didn't cancel because I was too cheap to pay for the cancellation fee.  I also did notice that if you book through LSI, yes there is a cancellation fee as opposed to other hotels in the area.  Upon arrival, with check in to check out, we never felt like they treated us any different than other guests.  We had a great experience, clean room, clean linens, good service, and really no problems at all.  We'd actually book through them again if there was a deal.  Hopefully what we went through wasn't a fluke because there are others who had bad experiences but I'd be willing to give it one more shot.  The valet can take a while if they're busy, which is a downside, and they can't pull your car up earlier unless you give them a ticket to scan it.  I tried calling down earlier to have them start...  The starbucks downstairs has inflated prices and the in room coffee is fairly bad.  The room though was well stocked.  You don't get the Signature shampoos/soaps but for the savings, I really don't mind.  The safe was locked upon arrival but we didn't need it but might be an issue for someone who does.  In our room, sometimes the hot water was spotty.  I read another review where someone mentioned that as well.  So I just filled their tub with jets with hot water and used that instead.
1	If you go here book through MGM Grand.  We booked through Hotwire and it wasn't disclosed but we ended up with someone's private condo.  It was dirty.  None of the bedding was clean, there was mold in shower it was disgusting.  The room was large and had a kitchen but our room was really dirty.  All the cleaning, towels, etc is done from a different company in the private units so none of the services you would expect are available.   Definitely wont be back
3	See also my review on The Signature.September 2013: Since we stay here twice a years for several years now I dare to say we're almost regular guest. Luxery Suits owns, or rents a couple of suites in The Signature at MGM.After one very bad experience in the past we have contact with one of the employees or maybe even a manager (my husband always handles these kind of things). So twice a year we contact him and always get a great rate for a room in Tower 1, which we prefer.Rooms are big, nicely maintained although you can see that after a few years the rooms are getting a little bit more used. In the kitchen the tableware doesn't always match anymore, sometimes a few items from the cutlery are missing, stains in the carpet, loose handles or doorknobs, those kind of things. But never big things. One thing that we also notice is that they seem to have water problems. My girlfriend in the room next door has had only cold water in the shower since her arrival (she's not happy), although there have been workers twice, the problem isn't solved. And we experience low water pressure. But I think the're working on it because yesterday we received notice that the water will be shut off tonight. Hopefully that will fixe all the problems.The rooms are clean and provided with enough towels etc. The only thing that's lacking for the fifth star is the fact that the level of service from housekeeping varies very much. (Note september 2014: downgraded it to three stars). There  are good weeks and there are bad weeks. Weeks in which I have to phone almost every day that housekeeping didn't do our room (while we're always out between 11-16 and put on the housekeeping sign), but also weeks without complaints. Although there are two recurring complaints.1. Since we stay here always for 8-11 days I prefer my sheets changed at least once a week. That never happens without asking.......;2. We are a couple so we would like to have.....two bathrobes, not one. And like the sheets I like that changed at least once a week. That also never happens. Even putting it on the ground is not a big enough signal. They only pick it up.......All together we always enjoy our stay. To be honoust, mostly it's the first time in weeks (we travel for 2-3 weeks ending up in Vegas) I get a decent nights sleep. The beds are excellent and the airconditioning is not to loud.So we definitely recommend staying with Luxery Suites in The Signature and already look forward our next stay. But don't hesitate to call and complain about housekeeping. I know the number of LXI by heart. And that's not a good sign...........Update september/october 2014: housekeeping is getting worse and worse. Sheets with molt in it, bathrobes - specifically asked to change - are picked up from the floor and hung back again. And that for a 10 days stay! 3 broken light bulbs. Asked for repair, never happend. No coffee and shampoo for 3 days. Had to make 3 (!) phone calls for the shampoo and waited for almost 2 hours. Carpet is definetly not vacuumed in ages. Not in the corners, not under the bed. Nuts, soda bottle lits, dirt, you name it. Fridge not working properly (repaired), bath tub not cleaners after use. No housekeeping for a whole day, although we were out between 11:30 and 15:30. Is that all fox? Yes, that's about it after 6 days. I'm wondering what the next 4 days will bring us........(Note: I'm no native speaker. Please excuse the spelling and grammar mistakes).
1	Folks, here's a perfect example of: "You get what you pay for" !1. Absurd Cancellation Policy2. Customer Loyalty is non-existent at this company!Reserved a 1BR and a Vista Deluxe Junior Suite from Sep 12-14.  and here's how LSI and its property cleaning staff failed to meet our expectations:I called less than 24hr after I booked the Junior suite and requested to cancel due my friend's emergency/change of travel plans.  I also informed the agent I've booked through LSI numerous times over the last 5 years had referred many clients, and had asked her to make an exception this one time.  The agent checked with her supervisor but confirmed it simply wasn't possible.  What got me is when the agent rudely told me off and said she couldn't see anywhere that I had booked with them on numerous occasions before.  I asked her to transfer me to Candace whom I've usually worked with... that transfer never took place..1BR suite had weak water pressure cigarette buds on the balcony.Despite the Do-Not-Disturb sign being on, LSI's housekeeping staff didn't seem bothered to knock on my door at 10:50 AM on day of departure, asking me when I was leaving.  The last thing I want after 2 days of R&R is feeling rushed to get the heck out of the room, even before standard check out time.  -UnprofessionalFollowed up with LSI after our stay, but never received a reply from anyone....
4	My boyfriend and I had a great 2 night stay here. Check-in went very smoothly. We were on the 8th floor balcony Tower 2. The room was very nice, no complaints. There was a jacuzzi tub, the bed was comfy, we had a nice view off the balcony and the little kitchen included was a nice touch. We spent some time at the tower 2 pool which we enjoyed. My complaints are the distance (about a 10 mn walk to mgm) and the $75 in taxes and extra fees I got charged. I was nervous staying here because of the bad reviews but we had a positive experience.
4	I booked this through Living Social and had a lot of trouble learning about it through MGM's site but we had an amazing experience here.  We stayed at MGM because of the UFC fights at the Grand Garden Arena and we didn't even know at the time of booking that there was an indoor walkway from LSI to MGM, which if you're in MGM and following the signs is marked "Signature" when you're in the MGM Casino.I loved that the parking was private valet, the room, bathroom and living room was gorgeous and the service we got from the staff was fantastic.  We were in the second of the three tours behind MGM, not sure if LSI is in any of the other two but I do know that the Signature is in one of them.The only cons that I have are that because our room did not have a door separating the foyer from the bedroom (there's a small hallway) whenever someone was loud outside our room we could hear it pretty clearly.  Also was had some trouble on MGM's site figuring out where exactly the entrance and everything was, what exactly was in the room but the Yelp reviews set me straight.  One last thing, as great as it was for there to be a DVD player in our room, the TV remote didn't seem to sync with the DVD player.  No biggie since walking up and pushing the buttons old school style isn't physically difficult.
4	Had a really nice time at this location. I booked it through an Amazon deal but realized there wasn't that big of a price difference betweenLSI regular rates and the Amazon deal.  As for the perks that were supposedly included I could have gotten on my own. Anyways aside from that I loved the junior suite and balcony overlooking the strip. It was really clean and the jacuzzi tub was the perfect size.  On top of that the hotel is connected to the MGM, Signature etc. so there wasn't a need to drive anywhere. Just pack some cute walking shoes, head on out and get your on!
1	I would give zero star if possible!I booked three rooms through Groupon and I have called Luxury Suites International at the Signatures Las Vegas (LSI) at least a week ago to ask them to put us in the same floor and put cribs in two rooms.  When we arrived, we realized they put us in two different towers!! I asked the concierge if they can put us on the same tower and they told me there is nothing they can do since we did not book through them.  They told me to call  LSI and make the request, so I did.  on the phone the lady told me it is impossible for them to make the change since they assigned the rooms a week ago and they have no record that I made the request!  They kept asking me who I talked to when I made the call.  I understand it is no guarantee to put us on the same floor but different towers???!!!!  Basically they are calling me a liar since they have no record of the call.  Unfortunately I did not write down the name of the lady I talked to.  I ended up talking to the supervisor and she had major attitude problem.  She told me she will have to charge me $25 to cancel and rebook since the rooms were "assigned" a week ago and I should have made the request a week ago.  Seriously, what the heck?  I DID call a week ago and make the request!  If there is not possible to put us on the same floor at least put us on the same tower!  Anyways, this company has ZERO customer services and the MGM concierge downstairs is no help whatsoever since we did not book directly through them.  We checked in around 330 pm and the concierge told us if we wants the crib, we have to call LSI before 5 pm since they are off at 5 pm.  Knowing that they have no record of my call a week ago, there would not be cribs in the room!  To our surprise, my sister's room has the crib and she has not made the call to ask for the crib, but mine did not!  This made me furious!  It proves to me that they are liars and they did have record of my request and simply lie to me because they did not want to trouble to help me.  The queen size sleeper in the living room stinks!  And it is disgusting to sit on it to watch TV.  Thank Goodness no one had to sleep in it.  There is really no view not as what Groupon described.  We have been to Vegas for over 15 times and this by far is our worst experiences.  My husband told me he would NEVER want to come back to this hotel since this hotel has no customer service,  MGM treated us like the second class citizen because we did not book through them and LSI does not care about their customers.  This is HORRIBLE.  Please be aware next time when you want to book this hotel.  Think twice!!!
1	Would give zero stars if I could.  This place is run by a bunch of thieves.  I booked my hotel through Jetsetter over 6 months ago in anticipation of having a nice long weekend in Vegas.  Unfortunately, because of the Nor'easter in NYC my flight was cancelled last minute.  I called the hotel as soon as I knew my flight was cancelled, but they were unwilling to give me a refund.  I did not decide to cancel, this was an unforeseen occurance.  I would have loved to get away from this horrible cold.  But there are NO flights leaving NYC to Vegas.  There have been so many flight cancellations that the airports are overwhelmed.  I couldn't ge on another flight from my carrier for 4 more days.  You'd think the hotel would understand that NYC is under a state of emergency.  I will NEVER book through them ever again.  And will tell everyone I know that this place will rob you blind.  Ridiculous.
