4	Don't let the name of this scrapbook store shoo you away.  The Scrapbook  Barn is much cooler than it sounds.  This store has a large selection of paper and adorable ribbon display area.  This store should meet most of you scrapbooking needs.
5	Wow, what a great scrapbooking store!  This place has it all.  Ribbon, paper, all kinds of supplies a girl could dream of.  I believe they have a lab in the center of the store as well.  Great place for the serious scrapbooker, or the beginner looking to get ideas for just about any project.  Definately worth the trip.
4	Great store for paper addicts such as myself.....I always hit this place along with SBE whenever I'm in the Mesa area.  This shop is organized very well by categories & they always have super creative, darling seasonal displays at the front of the store.The only suggestion I would make is that the staff always seems to be congregated behind the cashwrap & have their heads down with busywork or chatting amongst themselves.  I don't really ever see anyone working out on the floor with customers. If I lived closer I would take classes here, but alas it's a little far for me.
2	This place sounds cooler than it is. The employees literally do not acknowledge you at all! Everything is divided into stations (toddlers, travel, high school..) which is kind of cool but sometimes the paper that's in a certain station that doesn't apply there at all. The worst part is that none of the paper has price tags! You have to ring it up before you know the price - which is probably too expensive. So it would be cool if you were looking for something really original that you just couldn't find anywhere else (like specific state or country embellishments) but other than that I would definitely just go to Hobby Lobby or Michaels.
2	If you want very specialized paper, this is the place. However, they look like they are about to close. The shelves are mostly bare and there are very few items. Also, nothing has a price tag on it. And when you ask someone, they tell you "it is somewhere around..." Seriously? They don't even know the price. It is kind of annoying especially when you have a budget in mind. They also are not overly helpful or friendly. I really felt like I was inconveniencing them asking for help finding something or giving them my money to check out. Getting someone to come to the register takes a good several minutes. Guess they don't need my money. :( It is a shame because they really have some amazing things that I have not seen other places. If they would just give better customer service and put prices up it would be great.
4	This store has done a complete turnaround. It has taken a year but they finally have prices on almost everything!!!! Tons more stuff in the store and much better customer service. If you sign up you get a monthly coupon for 40% off one item each month so sign on up!
4	This store has come a long way in the past year. They have a great selection of really specialized scrapbooking materials that you can't find anywhere else. The prices are reasonable and if you sign up, you get a 40% off coupon once a month. They have times where you can come and scrapbook at the store and also seem to host events for childrens parties, etc. Really great store to make beautiful scrapbook memories.
3	I've gone to this store more than a handful of times. I usually stop in for their ribbon, and die-cuts since I do not own a cricut machine. The times I've been in employees have been friendly and I never have to wait to get rung up. You can also sign up for their email list which shows monthly promotions and current classes youc an sign up for.I will be returning in the future.
2	I've been here 2-3 times now and the only reason I would go back is because they carried Donna Salazar papers that I haven't found anywhere else. Their clearance really is all the junk no one wants. The clearance at other stores at least normally has a few good finds, but not here. Sadly, I had the same experience with employees that many other people had. They would be off in areas that customers are obviously not supposed to be in. I like to be generally left alone when shopping, but appreciate a greeting and being asked at least once if I am looking for anything in particular. Everything was at Full MSRP and a lot of what they offered was old school scrapbooking that I'm totally not into. You guys badly need to get some products from the cutting edge scrapbooking companies.
