2	"Unhappy Workers Leaves Dissatisfied Customers" It is a big store that is open 24 hours in a part of town that has been known to be on the 10 o'clock news from time to time.  However, there is something going on in management that makes you feel like everyone is unhappy or unwilling to help.  It took me while to get some one to help me out to get a passport photo and they would not honor the online discount that I had written down the code on a piece of paper.  Other customers were waiting and even the workers were complaining in public that they are over worked.  Scary.  If you are here, make sure you don't need any help or discount getting it.  Just purchase and move on and don't expect anything more.  Check useful, funny, or cool if you think so.
3	Okay, so I took my baby to Good Night Pediatrics recently and so this was the closest 24hr pharmacy that took my insurance...so yeah. I haven't actually ever been in this store, So I really can't review on that. BUT, I have gone through the drive thru for the pharmacy...at first I was going to give this CVS a two stars, BECAUSE the first associate and pharmacist that helped me, I wasn't really impressed and when I first picked up my prescriptions, the pharmacist usually needs to review the rx's with you, but the chick just handed me the bag, said,"have any questions?"..LOL...but I did a tard move recently....I administered my baby her first dose, had my 6 yr old close the bottle and place in the refrigerator... then 12 hrs later went to give my baby another dose...DIDN'T check the cap...shook the bottle, THEN got that awesome pink, bubble gum scented amoxicillin all over myself, my baby, the carpet, and couch....AWESOME! I know :) HA!So, I just called over to the pharmacy this morning and the pharmacist was like, "it happens all the time". I just thought, "Really? Cause its first tard move for me" ...lol. Don't know if she was just being nice...anywho she called and checked if my insurance would waive the cost for the rx since it had no refills and yada, yada, yada...hehe...long story, short...I cleaned up the 10 days worth of amox off my carpets, couch, bathed my baby, and got a new rx...I'm happy!
1	I was refused access to the bathroom by the security guard, stating that the restroom closes at 10pm.  I had a little accident on the way home.  I should have just discreetly peed on the CVS floor as I had no reasonable alternative.I won't shop here again even though this is the most convenient drug store location for me.  I'm literally pissed off at this place.
3	I try and rate things based on what I believe they SHOULD be for their genre of establishment. This CVS isn't dirty, and the staff isn't rude, but there's just something about this place that feels a bit.....ghetto. I always try to be in an out of here quick (though that never seems to be the case). I give this place three stars because #1 they're slow as hell, and #2 I'm just not feeling the vibe. If you need to run into a pharmacy quick to grab some toothpaste, this place is fine. But lets be real, if there was a Walgreens one block down I would be going there for my Rxs.Overall, this place is "A-OK" as Yelp would say, but only for in and out purchases.
4	Had a quick run in and out at this location. Like other CVS stores this location was well organized and in the same structure making it easy to locate the items I needed. I went during lunch time and there was minimal waiting and the cashier was extremely friendly. I did not have my CVS discount card which was no problem the cashier rang in my number and I was still able to obtain some great savings. I will stop in again.
4	I come here for film developing, so I really hope they don't discontinue that, although they have threatened to in the past. Debbie is the gal that does my photos and she does an excellent job every time. She scans every single frame, even the bad ones (I want the bad ones too) and she makes it easy and affordable for me to get the quality service I need. I hope if she ever had the opportunity that she would become pro at this. If CVS makes the mistake of discontinuing this service, I'd have no other reason to come here.Oh, I should also add, Sabrina is a really friendly cashier. I used to buy cigarettes here before I quit and she was always good conversation. Like, extraordinarily good. It isn't often I come to a chain store and leave in a better mood than when I came in.
1	24 hours to wait for a prescription is ridiculous! Hore more people or something. People need their meds!!I wish there was another pharmacy that accepted my insurance. I'm willing to pay cash at this point to go somewhere that can actually have a decent turn around.
2	This review is mostly for my pharmacy experience not the retail store. So I will start by saying the gentleman cashiers watching me hobble in in crutches and a hospital bracelet at 5am were funny, pleasant, and thoughtful considering the circumstances! But hey it's a CVS so pharmacy is the main contender here. And I've had lovely experiences elsewhere where I've been treated with proper urgency and respect. So I haven't filled at this location before but it's the closest 24 hour store. I originally tried to drive through at 11pm with a prescription from my late urgent care trip, my painful injury was worsening quickly and I NEEDED it. I hand it over and the overnight pharmacist says "ha. good luck finding this." "Why, what is it?" "Pain medication." "Well yes. what's wrong, what do I do?" "Other pharmacies probably won't have it." "Ok.......should I call around for it? What's wrong with it?" "No pharmacies open, better in the day when they're open." Ok, So thanks for nothing, I drove away in tears and I had to google to find out that the provider wrote me a prescription for a dosage that was totally discontinued. So injury was aggravated and got worse and worse and worse so long irrelevant story short I was in the ER all night getting proper care and had a different CORRECT prescription written for me. So I dropped off at same CVS and he ended up grilling me with irrelevant questions I've NEVER been asked before, which I can only chalk up to him thinking I am a drug addict or faking an identity. The exhausted, sick, newly casted, begrudgingly on crutches me was pissed and asked why he was asking questions and how it was relevant to which I got no reply. So, thank you sketchy neighborhood for making any normal person in pain look like they have an addiction problem and making this gentleman pharmacist make my night even more hellish! And sorry I have tattoos and feel terribly discriminated against as well. Never again.
1	The pharmacy staff at this location is so rude it's not even humorous! Except Sabrina, who was their only saving grace, this staff is so RUDE!! There was ALWAYS an issue with getting my meds on time and they could care less when issues arose such as the medication being made out wrong or meds being ready in a reasonable amount of time, to name a couple. I thought they were open 24 hrs so you could get medicine in the middle of the night if you needed it? I was tired of ALL these issues so I switched to the CVS pharmacy on 7th St & Bethany Home Rd after too many incidents with this staff! So far, so good!!
1	I stopped in to pick up a set of photos and they were not in. I had a confirmation and the manager was not the least bit helpful and walked away before I could even ask a question. I looked around at their run down equipment and was not surprised that the photos weren't printed but he didn't have to be so rude.
