5	I'm so glad I discovered this precious shop during my trip to Charlotte.  They have a well-edited selection of designer denim and smaller label tops and dresses.  The prices are affordable (especially in comparison to other boutiques I've shopped at) and the two ladies working were so sweet and helpful.  I wish I could have taken everything back to Chicago with me, but unfortunately my suitcase is too small :)
5	Bevello is the cutest boutique with an amazing selection of designer jeans, dresses, tops, shoes and jewelry.  It's not the largest store, but I could easily spend all day in there!  Partly because the girls working there are so sweet and helpful!...but mostly because I adore Hudson jeans and all the designer name tops and dresses.  All my closet favorites are from bevello at this point.  Lucky for me they are close to where I live.  But even if you're not making the trip down to Ballantyne very often, I absolutely recommend taking the time to visit Bevello at Blakeny.  Also, sign up for their email list so you know about all their specials--sometimes they'll send a coupon out to everyone on their email list just because it's a rainy day. Enjoy!!
5	When the place first opened I thought they were pretty pricey. Then one day I was in the area and saw a sale sign. I was in major need of a cocktail dress for V Day so I stopped in. The prices were less expensive on everything and they had some excellent sales. I found a beautiful 200 dollar dress for 30 bucks. The staff is always very friendly and helpful, they actually like what they do.
5	Oh, what's that? I love the Blakeney Bevello just as much as the SouthPark location? Shocker. Yup, ladies, this Bevello has a fabulous selection of tops, dresses, jeans and shoes all ripe for the picking. Plus, their customers service is top notch - these ladies are genuine and happy to help you find whatever you may be seeking. Dresses, pants, tops, sweaters, etc. Plus, prices are fair and the shop also features plenty of mid-range brands that are trendy but modern to bring you from season to season. There's also a nice selection of designer denim near the register.  Don't forget to check out the shoes, including the Toms for adults and babies. Those little shoes make the best baby gifts!
