4	Like Nilay, this is my favorite Indian grocery store in Charlotte as well. I lived in North Charlotte for a number of years before moving to Ballantyne, so was forced to shop at Gandhi and another place in the area. This store is pretty big compared to both North Charlotte Indian stores and has a huge selection of fresh vegetables, frozen foods, masalas, snacks, etc.Love that I can buy crates of juicy mangoes here during the summer months. Cheap too. Oh I should mention this too - the owners seem to be really involved with the day to day activities as well and stay out of the way of customers unless you ask him a question, price quote, etc. Maybe a typical Gujarati owner mentality, but I like an engaged owner like that.
1	This experience is only related to pulses .I had  purchased moth beans and other pulses from patel brothers charlotte , pineville , however I found stones in each of them. And got same experience for vegetable like methi.
4	This is the big Indian store in Pineville,  the pulses are comparatively less price than the other stores in Charlotte. You can fresh vegetables, frozen vegetables, fruits, pulses, powders, ice cream,  yogurt,  sweets, snacks, large collection of biryani masala, ready to eat curry's, instant dessert and breakfast mix.
3	I view Patel Brothers as the same-old Indian grocery store, but with a really convenient location. PB is a chain, with distributors all over the country (and world). For this reason, they sometimes have products that are sitting on shelves for months and months. I definitely agree  with people that choose this place over Harris Teeter; after all, the vegetable selection is fresher, more affordable, and WAY more diverse.However, this place gets a 3-star rating because of the overall operation and atmosphere of the store. The workers definitely don't enjoy being there, and Farmers Markets (as well as other Indian grocers) offer better prices for fresh produce. In the end, the Pineville location is what redeems this place, and will ensure it being packed on the regular.
5	I really loved this store.  I was sitting at lunch and my co-worker shared some great Mother's Recipe Carrot and Chilli Pickle....and it was so so good.  She said I had to go to Patel's to get it.  So...traveling south...was surprised to see the store as soon as I exited 485.  It was in a building once occupied by another store that I loved...Pier 1 imports.  The store is so loaded with great fresh items.  Lentils,...papad...pickles....and more.  I cannot wait to go spend a few hours just walking the isles looking at all the products and especially the spices in bulk!!!!
4	this place is amazing.  This is my first visit to an indian grocery store and I ended up just walking up and down the isle's for half an hour looking at the amazing array of products.I came here to buy the spices required for a shrimp vindaloo recipe.  My indian cooking skills require a lot more work, but I was happy with the spices that I purchased here.  The prices of the spices seemed a LOT cheaper than harris teeter.I'll definately be back to this grocery.
1	No wonder, patel brothers has so many variety of Indo - Pak asian food products, but quality is really very cheap.I have so mcuh bad experiences, got stone particles in daal, Poha (Flat Rice) was low quality and with so much dirt, and had bad experience with ready to eat food and biscuit and toast which were on sale. Sale products are really such products which you can trash directly.Very very bad experience , but being indian and want to cook indian food so dont have many options :(please suggest if anyone knows better indian grocery place than patel brothers.Thanks in advance!!!
4	I was very pleased to find an Indian Store that has almost about everything from back home. Not too pricy love it. I just wish they would have Wai Wai and Himalaya beauty products
5	So happy to find Patel Brothers here.  As a devotee of Patel Brothers in NY, I was overjoyed to see a location in my new town.   Because I am gluten-free, it can be challenging to find inexpensive gluten-free items.  Also, I just love Indian and ethnic food.  I get my coconut, sorghum, chickpea, and rice flour from here, as well as various nuts and dried fruits.  Spices are inexpensive and can be bought in bulk.  I typically do not buy prepared foods, produce, or snacks from here, so cannot comment on the quality of those items.  Most of the items I buy are high-turnover staples, so I don't worry too much about time on the shelf.  Indian produce can be found at the Charlotte Regional Farmer's Market, so if I need something I usually find it there.Highly recommended :D
4	I think this store is best option over Charlotte area for indian grocery. I have been other stores also  on this place but all are very expensive. I would definitely recommend Patel brothers.
5	I'm a curry slut and I feel no shame in saying so. Cruising in my bad ass whip, with my eye searingly sexy girlfriend the words "Damn baby, I needs me a curry." spilled from my godlike,and naughty thought inspiring mouth. So it was on like Donkey Kong sister.If that place didn't have automatic doors I would have kicked them in like some sort of bad-ass cowboy...but I just kind of walked in like the guy in front of me. Weak Patel bros...get saloon doors, Ill come back at least twice a week.Kid in a candy store type stuff was going on as I walked around this place. Clean organized and a huge selection. Reasonable prices and a friendly staff. One side note though, I kept asking the staff if they were all brothers. They said no. No matter how many times I asked they said no. Finally the manager told me that I needed to stop harassing his staff. A little rude if you ask me. After some quiet weeping and a hug from my boneshatteringly saucy girlfriend, I got over the managers verbal assault and bought a bunch of stuff, brought it home and jammed it into my face. Yum with a capital UM!!
