5	WOW! I was super impressed. For a while I've been reading Yelp reviews on nail salons and no salon jumped up at me so, I never got my nails did......til this past weekend. I got my hair did and I felt like I needed some pampering so, I just went to the this spot..only cause it was near my house. I was kinda hesitant about the pricing because it's the only nail spot in Southern Highlands and I assumed they charged you an arm, leg, and nail.The lady I got was Vanna. She was SUPER helpful and knowledgeable about nails and what's popular. I got gel nails with silver glitter. She was really precise and took pride in her work. So much pride that she even said if I had any problems or complaints afterwards that she wants to correct the problems. I was like, "wow!?!" I mean, what nail tech wants to correct her mistakes after the fact??!I assume she's the best in the shop just cause all the customers knew her and some were even mad that I was with her cause they kept requesting her. Thankfully, now I know where AND who to see when I get my nails did. In fact, I was kinda hesitant to share the nail tech's name just cause I want her to myself :p Another great thing about Vanna was she cut the cuticles after doing my nails. They looked so clean =) And I only paid $45 for the service (w/o tip) which is pretty reasonable. I was expecting $60.In the words of Drake: "Nails did. Hair did. Everything big. Oh, you FANCY huh!?!"
5	So, I went back for a pedi; and cuz Vanna was busy, I got a dude, Donny, I think. He was great cuz the foot massage and stone massage was strong =) It did the trick and got our some kinks in my calves. Painted my toes a cool green color and it's still there after a week vacation and at the pool.After my pedi, Vanna (the love o' my mani life) was free to do my fill. And she filed it down so that my solar nails looks like my real nails. It was amazing!!! She is amazing =)I've decided that a good manicurist is someone you die with. Like a good waxer or hairstylist!!!After this trip to the nail salon, they gave me some frequent customer card. I dunno what that comes with but, I'll be sure to rack up some points.
4	This is my regular mani/pedi spot (when I get time to go). They are always quick and pleasant (although I do have a hard time understanding them once in a while but I just smile and go back to texting or reading). I love the massage they give with the hot stones. Always feels great. Will be a loyal customer as long as I am in the Southern Highlands neighborhood.
2	I've been coming here with my wife for a couple of years, and this place has been little by little getting worse with their equipment (chairs and foot tubs) The pedicures are awsome, however its no long a relaxing experience.  I ill start looking for a more relaxing place for my wife and I.
3	I visited this spot (walked in) after deciding to treat myself to a mani/pedi one Saturday night and didn't feel like driving too far away in search of another spot.  Pros: in a visible location (next door to a threading studio)friendly staffquick and efficient relaxing atmosphereloved that they had two tvs good with the hot stone massage on the feet and legsalso good reflexology for the handsfully functioning tub for pedicure and clean environment for a mani/pedigot a rewards cardCons:pricey, especially after the fact that we walked in and they didn't necessarily ask if the more expensive option was the better optino, but automatically gave the more expensive option: hot stone massage on feet and legs vs. regular pedicuredid a so-so job of filing my nails and shaping them (fingers) This place may be good for a quick mani/pedi, is pretty convenient, and has reasonable hours of operation.  The only thing is to specify which service you want before they begin, so that you don't get stuck with a bill that is almost 25% more than what you expected to pay for.I'd definitely be willing to return to this place and hopefully write a review reflecting a better experience.
5	Stopped by Sweet Nails for the first time today.  Vanna did an amazing job fixing a botch nail job I got last week.  I will definitely be back again soon!
5	Oh wonderful! Dawn is the best!
4	Lilly is great!  Clean sanitary nail salon... Just a bit on the pricy side for a nail salon. But you pay for quality!
4	I have been going to Dawn for a while now and I thought I would put up a review. She is by far my favorite nail tech I've found in Vegas. She does a great job with nail art and puts up with my crazy requests. The salon is clean, relaxing and does exceptional work. Everyone is friendly and willing to help each other. Thank you Dawn!
1	Over priced and sloppy work! Will never go back!!
1	Came in for a pedicure, it is a bit pricey. Seemed clean but I'm always afraid of how they will paddle my feet ( what device will they be using, a pumice stone, a cheese grater, or a paddle? ) so I think she used a paddle with graters, which is scary because because u shouldn't grate your skin to exfoliate. And it was sketchy because she pulled the paddle (which looked like it may have been used prior numerous times) out of a plastic sleeve and then she put it back in. So... I don't think you will see me back in there again, how do you know if its clean or not? The stone massage was a joke, she just rubbed the stones up and down my legs in a vigorous way so not really my way of relaxation.
4	HUGE selection of Gel colors. I've never been so overwhelmed with choices. Dawn did my nails. I was pleased with her because she did a careful job and she knew I was on a time crunch so she worked as fast as she can to get me out of there. Convenient because it is down the street from our house in Vegas.
5	Clean, friendly and always quick to accommodate a walk in.
1	This is the worst nail salon in Vegas, they are rude and speak in some foreign language the whole time you are there, your servicing americans, speak our language which happens to be English.  The prices are expensive and they act like they deserve more then they give   Speak English Ban this place go to English speaking spas
1	I get my nails done regularly and came to this place when I was visiting. WAY over priced, I literally felt like it was ridiculous and not worth the service. I had a gel polish change, they didn't even have to take my previous gel off, no manicure (and just gel polish that was like any other place) $35. I mean, that is just way more than all the other places I have gone. I'm writing this review because yesterday, 2 nails chipped. They were done on Saturday and they chipped Tuesday, so 4 days or gel lasting is not ok. VERY disappointed. Would not go back or recommend this place. There is a new nail place opening up across the road, I will definitely go there before I ever go here again.
1	Overpriced, sloppy work, rude, unfriendly & super dirty ESP in the waxing area...scary...Not recommended ~ Try another salon, you will be happy. There is a new place is moving in across the street from this establishment & I am thankful as I live close by & have to drive far for better service & quality of manicure, fills & pedicure! Not recommended!
1	HORRIBLE! Never going back there EVER!The place was nice, clean, pretty and all. But the service seriously blows my mind at how horrible they are. The woman who did my nails had no focus on my nails at all! She got up to chat or grab a drink at least 5-6 times just leaving me sitting there waiting. She did not listen to me at all when I was telling her how I liked my nails. And the WORST part: before she had even began I told her specifically I had a broken finger that was still healing up and to please be gentle. NOPE! She had no mercy on my finger after me telling her several times how much she was hurting it.I had her do stilettos and they looked like shit. Then after asking her to fix the shape because I wasn't happy she told me she would at the end, which she didn't!!! Then when the HORRIBLE manicure was finished she then tells me she didn't even know how to do stiletto nails. WHAT?!?!!!! Why would you even attempt it without letting your customer know first!!!!!!! On top of all of this horror, the overall manicure was SHIT. They're all uneven!! My two pinky nails are literally completely off!WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE! NEVER GOING BACK
5	I just found the GREATEST place for a teenage party! My daughter wanted to take all of her friends to get their nails done for her 13th birthday. So, we found this place online and they were able to fit ALL her friends in on very short notice. And the girls had a ball! They all wanted the brightest colored nail polish with different colors on each hand! And the staff gave them exactly what they wanted! One thing I really liked about this staff is they treated the girls like they were very important! The girls really liked that! Thank you for the great services!
5	Great services available. They really care for their customers.
3	Really accommodating
4	There are things I like and dislike about this place. I love the pedicures here. They take their time and I always love the final result on my gel pedicure. It will last me a month everytime. I don't like their gel manicures here. They start lifting off after a week and it is way too overpriced. Their regular manicures are only $15 and done fairly decent and if you get someone who knows how to paint nails then it looks good enough to last two weeks. I have learned though if I'm unhappy with anything always let the owner know and her or her husband will fix it to perfection.
4	The gel nails here are impeccable, if you get the correct artist. I get really short French nails in gel because I play piano and can't have long nails. There's a girl there, who's unique and name starts with an A... Her hand is so shaky and to put it mildly 9/10 of my walkins, I ended up with her. Probably because people won't book with her. She never shuts up, try's talking to the entire time and her hand shakes the entire time. Now, the other day I refused ms a, and opted for an amazing artist named moon. As opposed to my usual 2.4 hour nail procedure, moon completed me in 45 minutes with barely any touch ups. She is perfect which is why I'm giving this store a 4/5 star... Also, the manager is amazing and cool and really strives to make all the customers happy. Also, I chipped my pointer nail the other day- and I showed up not in the best mood, as moon was out. A pregnant lady put her lady on hold just to help me --- every other artist refused cuz I was a 'touch up' and they wanted tips. Little do they know I always tip for touch ups. But this pregnant lady was so nice and had me in and out within 5-10 minutes. I had no cash, asked if I could tip her one card and she profusely refused. I was pleasantly surprised at her professionalism and they calm and quick manner in which she helped me. Thanks!!
1	Came in for a full set and left with a cut and no nails. Upon entering the salon most of the technicians were relaxing on the pedicure chairs, shoes off and didn't even get up to greet me or the friend I came with. One of the ladies on the chairs yelled at us asking what we wanted as if it was an inconvenience we even walked in. I explained I wanted my current acrylic nails taken off and a new set put on. Sat down and I was immediately told to see someone else because the girl I got couldn't do claw or stiletto shaped nails.What!?? So I got sat with tony. He proceeded to take my nails off and as he did he was watching something on his iPad as most other technicians were. I obviously wasn't as important as the iTunes movie he had downloaded. He got to my last nail and literally mangled my cuticle on the drill. He took out a file and just kept going! I asked if I could wash my hands since I was bleeding and he laughed at me. I got up and washed them realizing he had cut me badly and sat back down. He dropped some antiseptic and cut the hanging skin off. Mind you he didn't get too out of a sanitized bag! I couldn't do anymore since he was about to glue on my new set I decided to leave. I would not recommend this salon to anyone. Laughing after you injure a customer, not following safety procedures and not sanitizing equipment all make for a very scary experience!
1	Been coming here for almost a year and I tip very well and they still can't remember anybody! Some are very nice but most are rude and arrogant !! The guy was on his phone wile doing my nails!!! Very expensive!!Won't go back!!! I rather drive 20 min instead of treated so rude! $72 for mani/pedi!! Out of your mind!!!
2	I'm seriously sitting in my pedicure chair as I write this review. Let me start off by saying...DO NOT WALK THROUGH THIS DOOR. Absolutely terrible customer service. The pedicures are supposed to last "40 minutes" mine was about 20. The guy doing my pedicure was watching tv the WHOLE time, not even paying attention to what he was doing!! The result? My nails aren't filed evenly, the work looks sloppy and he even used extremely hot stones on my massage!!!! I can't believe it. After he was done slapping polish onto my toes, he got up without a word and started doing the nails of the lady next to me. Seriously?!! The person previously doing the nails of the woman next to me did a manicure for her and said someone else would do her pedicure because he "didn't have time"...he's currently sitting in the pedicure chair next to her watching tv. This place is completely unproffessional. I'd much rather pay twice the price to go to the nail salon across the street!!
4	Very clean.  No other location compares in their cleanliness.I typically get a mani/pedi.  No gels.  They are able to take care of my runner toes & feet without butchering me, like other places.They even make me feet shoeless toe worthy.  Not an easy task for my feet.Today, I had a simple manicure to get rid of the cuticle build up.
1	Unprofessional,  expensive,  sloppy work. Do I need to say more?? Most of the employees here are very unprofessional they like to be on there phones n talking to each other more then they talk to the customers. They really don't know what good customer service is about and to top it off their work is pretty sloppy.
5	Clean, friendly, and professional and skilled staff.
2	My sister and I have been to this place once before as a recommendation by a friend. Our first and second experiences was okay, we were happy with our nails. Our third time going we were very unhappy.  We went wednesday May 14, to get our acrylic gel nails removed. Once our nails were removed, we had them paint our nails. The lady doing my sisters nails was very rude and did a terrible job painting them. She made numerous remarks that the color she chose "wasn't nice" and that she should choose a lighter color, and that it was ugly, she was very unprofessional and while painting her nails she left obvious gaps on the nail, and according to my sister she looked at them but left them, when almost finished with her nails the lady decided to say she was "Just kidding". The Lady who did my nails didn't do that bad of a job other than the color she chose for me. I asked her for a color that was a nude almost peachy color and I showed her two colors I chose out and she gave me a color that didn't show at all. After this experience, which angered both of us we decided to no longer go back to this salon.
5	My mom and I have been going to sweet nails for about 6 years now.The service has always been warm and welcoming. We either or here or their sister location Highland Nails (down south of Southern Highlands Pkwy). I'm not picky w/ my nail technicians but recently I've been getting my nails done by Kim and she's the best. She does my gel manicures and she knows how to do 3D designs by hand (bonus!)
3	I've gone here a good amount of times and they are definitely hit or miss. Some days i have received fantastic service, and other days abysmal service. Even though the quality of work is always nice, I'm not fond of arguing to receive a particular service (the guy didn't want to glue crystals on when I requested).Today I sat for a solid 30 minutes waiting for a pedicure while they sat multiple girls who came in after me. I understand taking care of regulars, but c'mon.. 3 regulars while someone waits for 30 mins. Not cool.Like I said, hit or miss. When they do it right, they're awesome.
5	I have been going to sweet nails over 5 years and it feels like home.  Every technician does an amazing job, with a friendly attitude.
3	Kim is the best nail tech around unfortunately she is out on maternity leave. I have been coming to the salon for 3 years. The techs have a hard time remember the same face, and seem to not take a liking when customers come in while they are on their cellphones, iPads etc. Kim is very personable with EVERY customer including myself. I have a hard time draging myself to the salon while Kim is away. I hope that the other technicians learn customer services including the manager, maybe take some notes from your newest tech at the salon? Hats off to you Kim (:
1	Of at least a week and half of getting a fill my nails have turned a yellow/green color. I don't know if it's because they use cheap clear coats or what but it's very ugly and disgusting to look at. They also charged me $25 for a FILL. I had one broken nail which still should not add up to $25. Definitely not going back.
1	I've been coming to this place on and off for 6 years, I know I'm not a "regular" but I've been there often enough for them to know who I am. Last time I went, the girl that was my gel mani was on the phone, not paying attention and my nails end up all bubbly and looking awful. The girl seemed upset and she knew she did wrong but the extremely arrogant manager said I needed to stay to redo the whole thing! and I said I had no time because I had to get to work and she said to the girl not me that I'm standing right there!! "Tell her if she doesn't change it today she has to pay next time". She blame the brand of the gel then she asked me to pay 15 dollars for the manicure!! I was like "what manicure"??? They are rude, extremely arrogant! Zero friendly they need to get they stuff together because they are losing a lot of clients!! they lost me and all my family and friends! We are not putting a foot in that place ever again.
1	One star for customer service. I have been going there for about 8 years or when they opened. Today I walked in and left for the last time. You can get a spa pedicure anywhere. They need to realize they are there to service you, the paying customer. I should have not gone back. The last time I paid 55 for a pedicure. The girl got up so many times and didn't stop talking to the other techs. I had to leave and finish the next day. No more. They always got a good tip. Because that is the way I roll. No more. The newer place proffessor nails are so nice. Goodbye sweet nails
1	Some years back The assistant, worker, manicurist- whatever they are called)- while deep in conversation to one side, & with eyes averted so much from my feet, cut too deep at one side of the cuticle. This resulted in a hospital emergency treatment, much pain & annoyance & regular visits to a podiatrist over the course of several YEARS.Obviously, I stayed away.However, after a long period of time, it was just too tempting to go back, purely for the reason that the shop is so conveniently close to my house. And believing with this time allowed, perhaps what I went through was  just bad luck- a one time experience.So about a month ago I returned. Only to suffer another horrendous nightmare!This time it was my nails. Again, the girl in deep conversation with another giving me the pedicure, cut so much & too deep at the side of my cuticle. So painful! So frustrating! Chinese torture, I believe it is called. After a couple of weeks of pain. One morning unable to sleep from the pain I went back to have it out.The manageress told me I am allergic to the gel & removed the polishon that one finger that was hurting.I would not be charged for this I was told, as though this is a favour I should be grateful for. and of course the manicure was ruined, looking silly with one finger unpolished.That finger still continued to hurt.When it stopped hurting, I went to have the one finger covered with polish to be as the others. The manageress refused.Why I write this review & what I am curious about is, this girl, or these inefficient, bad workers, did not only give me alone the chinese torture.They did not seek me out. This is how they do the job. This is how they work, so obviosly other clients have been treated the same way. i am not looking to make trouble for the salon, or to sue, or anything like that, I just would really like to know if anyone out there, reading this, also is or has sufferred their chinese torture
5	I'm just visiting Las Vegas from Hawaii and I've got to say that this nail salon was pretty good and not to mention good pricing! If I did my nails like this back home they'd probably charge me so much. I forgot to ask the name of the nail technician but it seemed like she was the owner but overall my experience here was great. She also told me what to tell my nail salon back home if I wanted to fill it.
