5	Thank you JFC!  We appreciate the professional care and compassion you give to us each visit!  After my adjustment today I feel back in balance, I am not dizzy anymore and I had a two hour nap that I slept sounder than I have for weeks!  Wow it feels great to not have subluxation!
5	I love the educational approach they take to wellness and they are all about the people they serve!  Grateful to have you guys as a part of the community!
1	I needed an adjustment and asked if they do those on first visits and was told yes. But when I got there, after completing all paperwork and dressing into a gown, I was told that there are no adjustments on the first visit. Next I was told that they don't take insurance and I will need to give them $175 to do X-rays before another appt can be made. This should be told on the phone when I was making the appt. I pay insurance for a reason so to think I would have hundreds of dollars laying around to give him is ridiculous. They should not tell people they adjust on first visit if they don't. I think they lie to get you in the door. Now I wasted an hour and am still in pain.
5	I have been taking my  whole family to Dr. Janssen for about 10 months now and they have been a tremendous help in promoting healing and being healthy!  I had constant migraines and other major health issues that have been resolved because of Dr. Janssen!  We all enjoy the friendly and positive energy in their office!  I highly recommend Dr. Janssen to all!
5	I started going to JFC in February 2014.  I've suffered from severe headaches since I was a teenager and now after many years if trying everything to get rid of them,  I'm finally on a path to being headache free.   Dr. Tony starting treating my daughter when she was 4 days old (now almost 7 months) and I couldn't ask for a stronger, healthier baby! My son just turned 3 & not only super healthy, his speech has improved greatly since starting treatment in April.  My husband used to grind his teeth so bad. Withing a couple weeks of regular adjustments, he no longer grinds his teeth. JFC has an affordable payment plans and doesn't make you hassle with insurance.  It's great that they take xrays before you get adjusted so they fully understand what your body needs. Your are truly in great hands at JFC!
5	Dr Tony Janssen and his wife Danielle have created a truly unique chiropractic experience. They treat everyone like family. As you wait for your turn with Dr Tony, Danielle greets everyone by name and checks in about the latest in their life. Dr Janssens approach is different than most chiropractors, which is why we chose him. After years of going to chiropractors that adjust, crack and ask you to come back with the same results year after year, Dr Janssen formulates a plan of treatment that will correct the issues so there is no need for endless treatments. All I can say is if you have been to regular chiropractors for years with the same results, open your mind to a different approach and give Dr Janssen a chance to show you how much better you can feel.
5	The Janssens are truly a family based business. Dr Janssen really cares for his patients and creates an environment of care and wellness. They take the time to get to know their patients, and don't rush into "quick fixes" or "back cracking". The process is fully explained, a health plan is created in partnership with their patients and results are measured on a regular basis. I love knowing that my chiropractor treats me as one of their own and is not only knowledgeable but friendly and fun! As a photographer & mom, I had low back pain & headaches for years and just accepted that it would always be that way. JFC has taken away my pain and given me results without harsh chemicals or drugs. Amazing.
