3	Okay, I had a hamburger so, I really didn't give it much chance. It probably would have been better if I got the chicken, salad, of veggies. The bread was fabulous, mac and cheese-great, fries-good, french-dip-okay.I'm going to try it again, it is not my favorite but they have outdoor seating and a great view of the water fountain in the plaza square
2	Yet another in the long line of strip mall restaurants, but different for two reasons.  One, because the strip mall isn't your typical strip mall.  Instead, it's the fancier type that is springing up everywhere, that looks more like a small village of shops.  But let's face it - it's still a strip mall.  Two, because it's Wolfgang Puck.True, it's a Wolfgang Puck Express, but it's still a step up from McDonald's.  Perhaps.  If nothing else, at least in price.  And certainly in atmosphere and selection.  As to the food?  That is a different story.First off, you come into a nice place, and the area isn't bad, by any means.  Though it could use some work on just how everything works.  A very small ordering station exists, and the night we visited, they were just too busy to give us the direction we needed.  So the gathered crowd pushed us through the line way too quickly.This was compounded by the fact that the items on the board, while they sound great, aren't really described well.  They aren't even accompanied by any pictures or anything.  My suggestion is to go with the advice of those manning the registers.  They seem to know what they are talking about.Another idea is to get a take-out menu.  However, this might raise the ire of those behind you - so you may want to do this and then step out of the way while you peruse the menu at a more leisurely pace.  However, this does give you the opportunity to get a more detailed description of the items, which they really deserve.Once you've ordered, you get to watch your food being made at an open kitchen, which is okay.  It then arrives fairly quickly, and you eat the vastly overpriced food.  The worst of the bunch is the soup.  You will actually see things that have shown up on the shows, such as a butternut squash soup, but at nearly $4 for a small cup, it's really not worth it.The rest of the food, such as a sandwich and a side, isn't bad.  But you need to be ready for it.  It's a decent place for a lunch-like meal at a dinner price.  But for what you're getting it's a bit high.
2	Okay, so you hear "Wolfgang Puck" and figure it's a pretty safe bet. In this case, not so much. For starters, it's a Wolfgang Puck "express", which is basically another way of saying fast food. Upon walking in you sort of feel like you are in a cafeteria type setting, so we opted to eat outside. Our server was really nice and seemed to know a lot about the menu, which was good since the menu itself is sort of vague. The food comes out insanely quick, and not in the "Oh wow great! I'm starving!" kind of way, more like the "Ummmm.....how did that happen so fast?" kind of way. My favorite part of the meal was the bread that came with the butternut squash soup, which was very thick and tasty. I used it to dip in the soup and it was pretty good. I had the roasted chicken with a side of mashed potatoes, and it lacked flavor overall and seemed pretty thrown together. I came back to this restaurant a second time and figured I'd give it the benefit of the doubt, but left even more disappointed, and this time when I ordered the soup they didn't even have the bread that I was served the first time, which was really the only part I was looking forward to. Wolfgang fans, you can skip this express version and opt for the real thing elsewhere.
4	It is fast food, but it's good fast food. I was a little disappointed the first time I went to the Wolfgang Puck Express as well, as I was kind of expecting it to be fine dining before I got the concept. Once I knew what I was getting into, though, I learned to love this place.The quesadillas and the pizzas are awesome, and a few of the pasta dishes are great. It's fast and affordable...not as cheap as McDonald's or Taco Bell, but the food is substantially better.
4	Service has always been good to me here. So has the food. I'm always excited and not scared to try something new for each visit. Food has yet to disappoint me, and I plan on going many more times in the future as it's very close to where I work. Yay!
4	When in Charlotte, this is the place in the FANCY striop mall to visit for lunch or dinner....What a great place to sit down, be waited on and served in a pleasant manner!  When in Charlotte, this place is a must.  It used to be a deli style take out, but they revamped it some to include sit down waiter service and step it up some grades!  Accomplished!  The waitress was very nice and was quick in service.  Good food...I started with the artichoke and spinach cheese dip with baguettes and then had a mixed greens salad with goat cheese and beets with a balsamic vingeratte.  Tasty and very eye appealing with the thin spaghetti carrot top garnish!  Then I had the Warm Chicken Ailio on Foccacia.  Yummy indeed!  I was so full from a day of shopping in the FANCY strip malls that I ended up taking home half the sandwich for my desert later! Nice place indeed...so much nicer than the typical fast food fare out there and of course much, very much more healthier!
4	Visited for lunch , the layout is kinda different inside with an open kitchen but either way the food was above average and the service was good. We had artichoke dip for an app and it was average. My wife had a salad and it was top notch. We'll be back for more especially lunch.
1	After the day after  Christmas day, my Aunt and I decided to eat at Wolfgangs, to my disappointment! The waitress explain to me I could not switch a potatoe on the chicken entree for a vegetable, without a up charge, instead she offered me potatoe chips!!!! At 13.99 for a chicken entree you should be able to switch to a vegetable on an entree!! Come guys 13.99 entree and you offer potatoe chips as a substitute , what are we at Mc Donalds!!  I won't be back, very tacky! and cheap!  Anthony
