4	Sofa Mart (aka: SM) has conveniently placed themselves on IKEA boulevard (which I hope work more to their advantage than disadvantage).  Furniture shopping is not my favorite kind of shopping- I dread every second of it.  Maybe because the sales staff work on commission and end up getting overbearing.  However, the SM sales staff that I have encountered were very understanding of my want to peruse on my own.This is my second time visiting Sofa Mart.  I bought a sofa and dining room set from them about 10 months ago.  I'll break down my experience for you:1) It really is affordable.  I wouldn't necessarily say that any of these designs of names are "designer".  When I think designer, I think of more unique fabric, structure, and color pairings.  None of the furniture seem to really pop.  The showroom floor is filled with your muted reds, browns, greens, and other earthy colors.  Regardless, the quality is a couple steps up from IKEA's funky fun styles.  If you're looking for something more unique and urban, go to IKEA.  If you want something more traditional, go to SM.  While SM's prices are not IKEA prices, they constantly have deals and promotions that help make their furniture more affordable.2) The quality is really there.  Like I said before, I bought a couch and table set from SM about 10 months ago and am not disappointed in the least bit.  My micro-suede couch is just as fluffy as day one and my dinning room table is still as good as new.  These pieces have entertained many guests in the past months and I am happy with their durability.Keep up the good work, SM.  I really hope you'll be able to keep your competitive edge!
3	We love our leather loveseat and sofa that we purchased from sofa mart.The problem was the costomer service and the fact that it took 6 week longer than expected (we were quoted 2-3 weeks for delivery... it arrived 81/2 weeks later).  In this time of wait and waiting for our furniture there was no communication from sofa mart, I had to constantly call for updates, to which our salesman Micheal was no help what so ever.Would only get furniture from there if it was in stock or you can take it with you.
3	Went here looking around a month ago.  Although I didn't buy anything, they def seem to have some good deals.  Before of some of the sale items, much of it appeared to have noticeable blemishes and flaws.  The next time I am in the market for an affordable sofa, I will give this place a look for sure.
1	So 45 days a bit steep for 'special' order sectional, but we dealt with it and it's fine.  I am disappointed in the delivery options and the lack of employee support in helping us find a date to work.  Maybe IKEA should have been our pick. We will share bad end of experience with friends and family unless they don't mind waiting over two months for furniture to arrive.  For now, we will continue to sit on our floor...
2	So far we've had a great experience! Just bought a furniture set and our sales guy James was awesome. I'd recommend it... Hopefully, we will get our furniture in the 6 weeks that we were told.Yes so 6 weeks later we still do not have a furniture we are very upset about it and we would not recommend it if you have to order furniture. If it's not in the store then I'd recommend another company.
3	Huge store full of sofas and so much more!!  Located right near Ikea in Furniture row - they have everything from decor, sofas, entertainment centers.  Etc!  The staff was super friendly and did not hover. Didn't end up getting anything but they say their inventory changes all of the time so i will definitely stop in again!
1	If this site had a rating scale the went into the negatives, I would be able to give it a negative 3!At first glance, its big, lots of options, pick your own fabric, nice sales staff.  That is the end.Purchased a $900 reclining sofa.  Waited 6 weeks to get it.On delivery day, the delivery guys who were incompetent to say the least, did over $200 worth of damage to my house.  After calling and emailing and calling, I finally got a manager who said they would reimburse for having the damage fixed.Day 5, yes, I said day 5....reclining mechanism on one side snaps and doesn't work any more. There are pieces of metal underneath where something broke....DAY 5. I called and they said they would send a repair man.....on a 5 day old sofa!  Then some random guy calls from his cell phone to setup repair for 4 days later. Says he will call the night before and confirm delivery time. Never heard from him so I called and he "forgot".  Finally he shows up and says he has to order a part for it and another 7-10 days will pass. Then I have to sit home and wait for him AGAIN to rig a brand new $900 sofa!!!I would avoid buying any of their junk furniture at all costs!!!!!!!Still deciding if I need to get a lawyer or not.STAY AWAY - STAY AWAY!
