5	I really have a great deal of respect for JJ and his team at C & R Tire. They gave a me tremendous deal on my tires and now I am having them service my truck 100%. They are honest and do not make recommendations on repairs that are not necessary. As a woman, I feel these guys are genuinely interested in my business and care about my vehicle and safety. Try them, you will be pleased. I have been treated poorly at Fletchers... but they lost my business and now C&R wins!
5	JJ and his team are true professionals. I needed a service and was having some trouble with fluid leaks under my truck. He determined it was a broken seal, called a dealership and arranged for me to get it fixed under the powertrain warranty. He saved me a lot of money and was very thorough in evaluating my vehicle. They also gave me a ride home and picked me up which was really nice. I am happy to have found a shop I can trust! Seems rare these days.
5	I would give these guys 100 stars if the option was available. I have been going to see JJ and his team for the past 2 years. I am a business owner and drive for a living. Over 90,000 miles have been put on my truck since going to C & R tire...they handle 100% of the work on my truck and its going strong. I buy all my tires for my truck and trailer here and besides getting the best tires they are the cheapest around. They always get me in when I need to get in and are fast and dependable. I have sent several of my friends and clients there and they were completely satisfatied as well. Check em out, you wont regret it! Great job guys!!
1	I can no longer hold myself back from speaking out against this unscrupulous tire dealer. Yes, J J is a true professional but his boss, Ralph, the owner, leaves a lot to be desired. I started doing business with C & R Tire back in July 21, 2009. I bought a set of 4 tires for my pick up. I continued to buy several sets of tires from C & R up to July 2010 for my trucks. We then started having tire failure problems and this is when the owner got involved and destroyed any hope of any future business from me. The tires started to form bubbles on the side wall or the thread itself. This is not just one tire but every single one we bought. The last set failed this week. So far I have replaced 10 tires that I bought from C & R over the time period all with the same defective problem, bubbles on the side wall or thread. Upon the first 2 occurrences, I called C & R. JJ put me on to Ralph, the owner. The answer from Ralph was it was not their problem. It was a road hazard and we were not covered. In his own words, I will never forget this because I wrote it down "You buy the lowest quality tire we have and you don't buy the road hazard protection, what do you expect". Basically, he was telling me that his lower priced tires do not meet the standards of the road without the extra warranty. Road hazards happened to all the tires I bought from C & R . I now buy my tires from another reputable and well know dealer in town and I can tell you that I do not have to worry about the tires, they stand behind their products. I have not had one tire failure from this other dealer. All tires from C & R failed. Can that be just a coincidence. I don't think so.
5	Amazing Customer Service, honest, reliable, speedy.  Needed a special battery for my car - they had it - it died 2 1/2 years later - still under warranty - I called them up and they said call when you are on your way - they had the new battery out waiting for me and I was gone again 15 minutes later with my new battery, new warranty, and I didn't even have to take my wallet out of my bag.  These guys rock!
1	I used to feel very comfortable bringing my vehicle here for service, and to find out if anything was wrong over the past couple years. Ever since the main guy JJ has left this place has gone down hill. They recently tried to get me to repair a part that was not in need of it. They said the cost would be around $1200. I took my vehicle to a friend's mechanic, after he looked at it and explained and showed me with the vehicle on the rack what it was, it turns out the part did not need to be replaced and if it did the cost should have been about half of what I was quoted here. I will never bring my car back here for even an oil change. I am a loyal customer with the places I go to when the employee's are honest. This is no longer one of those businesses for me.
