2	I am frustrated to say after 6 months using them I am very unhappy with their attitude over the particulars.    While my pool has been clean, I have found evidence/ backlash of them being here each and every time they've came.   And not in a good way..    Last month, my grass that I work so hard to keep green died along the perimeter of my pool deck near the filter.   I know this is the result of chemical spill/ spray because my son was famous for this type of mess (when he was 12).   They left my gate ajar when leaving last month which made me spend the evening looking for my girlfriends dog, the skimmers are never clean/ clean they are knocked out but still not totally devoid of bugs.   I know I'm a pain in the neck but I'm willing to pay alot for this service because I want it done right.   This company fell short is all.
1	The only reason I gave one star is because the gentlemen that cleans the pool weekly did a decent job.  This company's service record at my home is less than stellar.  They fail to respond to several attempts to expedite repairs needed to the pool.In our rental agreement, the owner is responsible for the pool maintenance, which is managed by a Property Management firm.   Service problems have occurred several times over the past couple of years.  However, this latest issue occurred over a week ago.  They came out last week (Mon or Tues) and did something but filter wasn't running so we contacted them again.  We find out it's a broken pump, which the owner authorized be replaced on Thursday, July 3rd.  Pool company was immediately notified(phone, email & text)  but as of this review, they have not responded to the Property Manager nor our request to expedite the repairs. Pool has been sitting for a week in this condition.  Mike & Mike's had no regard that the pool was out of service the entire holiday weekend.  Furthermore, no regard that their failure to respond may have caused more damage to the equipment.  Not to mention the condition of the water, sitting, unfiltered, for over a week!Mike & Mike's Prof Pool Service is NOT professional.  Their lack of response is  causing more damage to the pool, which will probably result in additional costs. Not certain how a service-related company can stay in business providing this type of horrendous service to its customers. I would not recommend this company to anyone!
1	When I hire people to work on my property, I always ask if they have a business license. In 2012, these guys did. After having some issues with them this year, i looked up their business info with the Secretary of state. Surprise, their license was revoked in 2012! Still operating as a business. Maybe that explains why they want to bill you ahead of time before services are rendered. I told him from the beginning, I do not pay for something I have not received yet. Plus you know where I live, I cannot find you if you do not show up to clean the pool. Find some customers who do not care if you have an illegal business. Needless to say, we have a new pool company that runs a legal business now.
1	Horrible advice about pools, not properly licensed, very poor attitudes, and they have very questionable business practices... stay away
