5	Ok, now keep in mind a 5 star rating is in the eye of the reviewer, although I know most women wouldn't be caught dead in a great clips, most men aside to the metro's care enough about their hair for it to not look like total crap. That said, I've been going to this great clips for a couple of years now, and I always go back just because they are consistent.  For one they know how to cut my hair better than I do.  They seem to record and keep their customer hairstyle preference in their computer, so most times I can just sit down sit back and 20-30 minutes later be looking much better than when I walked in.  The stylist are young and most of them are friendly and talkative but don't push the matter if you're not feeling particularly chatty that day. also 13.00 feels like a steal, I know how much my wife and some women pay for their hair and to me it seems ridiculous, but I guess it's a matter of priorities.  addtionally it's located not 50 feet from the front door to my neighborhood safeway, so it's almost relieving sometimes to arrive and find they have a 20 minute wait which gives me just enough time to walk next door and pickup some odds and ends.I know it's not exactly a world class salon, but for a guy like me, it serves me exactly the way I need it. so 5 stars from this reviewer.
3	Since I can't manage to schedule an eye exam once a year much less a haircut every month or two (or four), Great Clips is my kind of place.  Sure, I have to sit in a hard plastic chair, squished between scraggly-headed kids and a guy with a farmer's tan while I wait, but it's not that bad.  Over the last 3 years, I've had a few killer haircuts and a handful of really bad ones, but no biggie.  It's just hair.
2	I worked for great clips and it was the worst experience ever.  Corporate expects you to do a 15 minute haircut.  That is do-able.  I can do a pretty good cut in 15 minutes.  Of course that doesnt include any blow dry or style after.  The problem for me was that the store managers expect you to do 8 minute cuts.  There were so many stylist that did 8 min (or less) cuts but they had a ton of re-do's.  I never had re-do's but I refused to rush a haircut.  I got alot of crap for not rushing.  I hated the job.  If you are the type that is in a huge rush this may be a good place for you.  Just dont expect a perfected cut.
5	This place was awesome enough to let me and my 15 friends come in and completely take over the place, all in the name of breast cancer awareness and true "shave your head" friendship.We came in as soon as they opened on Mother's Day... there was already a line at the door that didn't include any of our party.  I have to say I've never seen a line at a door to Great Clips.  Cool... means we won't get cut when we are shaved.And we didn't. :)One at a time, then suddenly two at a time, and three at one point until all seven ladies shaved their heads.  I conveniently donated my hair to Locks of Love... and found out that your haircut is free when you donate!  I didn't know that.  A perfectly good reason to get a haircut. We even brought in brownies, much to the chagrin of the parents of the kids in there whom we, after getting permission of course, handed them to and ate ourselves.It was awesome... an experience I'll never forget.
4	I went in with an $8.99 coupon for haircut & blowdry. I didn't expect much, but I also spent $45 for my last hair cut which I hated. Ill review it next. Back to Great Clips: Cassie: I asked for basically a trim, some layering and bangs. Thats what I got. $8.99 a major bargain and I am happy to report, I am very happy with the cut.  As long as I am not seeking out something different, I suspect Ill be a returning customer.  Thank you Cassie for doing a lovely job on my hair.
4	Came back for a trim, and this time had a $7.99 coupon. :) Candice was there and trimmed my locks.  Great job.  So, kudos to Cassie & Candice. If you go, ask for one of them.
5	Kudos to Cassie once again. Time for another trim... and once again I got just what I wanted. Nothing less, nothing more.  Tip: get a coupon for $8.99 at the McDonalds @Grand/Reems or the car wash at Bell/Grand. off of the coupon board.
4	I like that you can check in online now! Great feature and even displays wait time.  They do inexpensive haircuts and keep your haircut info under your phone number.  It does depend on who you get to cut your hair so sometimes it is not the same as last time.  You can request a particular person if you find a stylist that cuts your hair to your liking.  I usually just go with whos there however and get decent haircuts so I am satisfied for the most part :)
4	I was in a pinch and I needed a fade, my regular barber was closed. they did a pretty good job and everybody there was very nice.
3	This place is great for kids. My mom has a usual stylist, she likes her and this location. I however live by 2 rules.. 1, if the stylist's hair looks like crap, they are not touching my hair! Or my daughters! 2nd, never get you're hair cut anywhere the words "great, fantastic, super.." Are in the business name. Snooty, nope. I just like to know a stylist with a bit of experience is cutting my hair.  Not fresh out of school. And these warnings have come from stylists! So if you want a basic quick cut, this is your place. If you want an amazing cut and awesome service, see my reviews for Athena.
