4	I went here this past weekend with my family - my parents, husband, and son - and was pleasantly surprised.  The interior is pretty minimal, not much use of color or material, but it looked pretty good - it was very, very clean, which was a plus.  The girl who was working was nice and helpful, maybe a bit too stingy with the sample cups - she wouldn't let us sample the yogurt ourselves.  The yogurt was delicious, though, and the assortment and quality of toppings was great.  I was also happy with the price - $12.50 for 4 people.  Overall, I had a nice experience here - will definitely go back and try all the flavors!
3	Cherry on Top is a rare example of design by market analysis committee, who couldn't decide on a unique concept so they decided to "borrow" from all of their competitors' styles, turning out at least as well as if not better than its individual inspirations.The result provides convenient answers to the following frozen yogurt questions:- Can't decide between tart and traditional? Why not both?- Can't decide between standard or high-end sweet? Mix vanilla, taro, green tea, cheesecake (but only at your own risk.)- Feeling constrained by four fit all sizes? $0.39/oz., cup weight subtracted.- Wavering on the topping healthiness spectrum? Fruit to sugar cereal to nuts to crushed big brand candy available.The quality is close enough to most of the relevant rivals (as long as one is not requiring the desert honey Sweet Republic tart variant) but, correctly and perhaps intentionally, the value proposition is that most patrons won't care about the slight dip, trading off for the flexibility of purchasing (only) as much yogurt and toppings as desired while satisfying Hershey's-acclimated children with a Frankenstein of saccharine flavors and junk toppings as well guests from the city pining for the nearest Pinkberry with original tart plus kiwi, strawberries, blackberries and pineapple.
4	I'm still eating my yogurt as I write this, and it took a fair bit of effort for me to set down the spoon long enough to bang out a review.  This place is insane.  Do NOT go if you have trouble with decision making.  There are about a dozen different yogurt base flavors to choose from and then endless toppings.  Yeah, you have the standards like sprinkles and chocolate chips, but you also have Captain Crunch, mango chunks, grasshopper cookies, mochi, mallow cream, carob chips, and anything else that you could think to put on fro yo.  And pricing is by weight, not by number of toppings, so go wild.
5	Good yogurt, quality ingredients. Did not get any heartburn or any other dairy-consumption-by products! Really interesting flavor choices. Blueberry tart was good. The staff was really friendly too. Will go back again for sure.
3	The yogurt was good, but some of the candy toppings were stale.  The peanut butter yogurt was delish.
5	I love the frozen yogurt here.  The place is VERY clean, with lots of selection for yogurt and the toppings.  I especially like the peanut butter and chocolate combination -- oh, the cappuccino is a new favorite.I've been here at least 10 times, and the service is always very friendly and helpful.  The decor is clean and a little sterile -  chairs are not comfortable (they probably don't want you to linger).  They also have these sofa type seating that is more like trying to sit on a single bed -- the seat is very deep, not sure what that's all about.They now have wifi available too.  But you can probably catch it from the Starbuck's next door.
5	This place is fantastic. The atmosphere, the product and the service. I will definitely be going back. They have a decent amount of choices for fro-yo and great toppings. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone.
5	Great yogurt! Super friendly staff! And very clean. Highly recommend if you're in the area.
4	The Caramel Chew flavor is amazing! Cherry on Top doesn't have quite as impressive flavor options or topping options as Yogurtology, but it's a lot closer if  you live in the area. I found a lot of the candy bar toppings to be too ground down (like a powder) instead of small chunks, but you can dig around to find the right size. I was really impressed and excited that they have a little paper divider thing you can put into your cup to separate two flavors of fro yo that may not go together. So simple, but genius. Definitely recommend this location for your frozen yogurt fix!
4	Great little place!  They have the brilliant idea of a cup divider.  It makes it easier to get non-complementary flavors since you know they be touching.  Yogurt flavors were good and they had a great selection of toppings.  The only part about this place I didn't like is that although the machines are self-serve, the owner gets the samples for you.  I'm grown... I can handle my own samples, thank you very much.
4	The only frozen yogurt place in all of Arizona!All kidding aside, the Cherry on Top was a great find near the Boulders. tucked away in a shopping center this is one of those great frozen yogurt shops where you get to pick your flavor and basically assault it with toppings. Tons of awesome flavors to offer instead of the standard plain or vanilla at most places. You get the option of being incredibly healthy with lots of fresh fruit, or insanely unhealthy with everything from full brownies to rock candy and beyond. This place really brings out your inner child and is always stocked with fresh ingredients. They give out punch cards so defiantly a great place to visit more than once!
2	Good yogurt and toppings.  I would give that a 4 star.  Management:  1 star:  Not customer friendly.  You have to be careful here to check the weight of your purchase.  We were charged $17.00 for two small cups of yogurt.  (The week before we had been charged $6.00 for nearly the same amount).  We went back the next day to see the manager.  The friendly cashier said that sometimes the scale doesn't reset.  Apparently that happened to us.  The cashier couldn't do anything for us, so we waited for the manager.  The manager gave us a hassle about our request, insisting that the scale was correct and that we had each ordered a pound of yogurt! (I showed her our past Visa receipts for $6.00 or $5.00, but she brushed them off).  She is definitely not customer friendly.  Finally after a tense ten-minute discussion she unhappily agreed to a gift card that didn't cover our loss.  We have been in the store since, but we are very careful to check the weight.
5	This place was top notch. My girlfriend knows the owners and yesterday they were having a fund raiser for the 19 firemen who died in Yarnell, AZ.    The first thing I noticed was how clean the place was.   We got a special tour of the small place and were told what the favorite flavors were. We even were given samples.  They had a ton of toppings that would go on top of the deliciousness! Everything from fresh fruit, your choice of syrups, candy, candy bars, brownies, even sea salt! We will definitely be coming back here.  It is in north scottsdale, but so worth the drive!
5	Good location. Clean. Only complaint is customers who let their kids run rogue at the topping stations. Watch your kids! Other customers don't want your kids putting their hands in the candy or touching things and putting them back! It's shocking what poor manners some people have.
3	Cherry On Top is A-OK for what it is, yet another self-serve frozen yogurt chain.  It has decent yogurt with quite a variety to pick from.  I didn't think any flavors that I tried were all that outstanding, but none were awful.  Oddly, I didn't notice a cherry flavor (I may have just missed it).  There's also an okay selection of toppings.  I'm a little surprised that there was only one style of cherry to put on top of the bowl.  Cherry has the dividers which can keep different flavors from touching in the cup.  I never seem to use it at the couple of places that offer, but I like it.There's nothing unique about the shop.  The space is pretty big and the shop is clean.  It's laid out a lot like a Zoyo, but painted bright white like a Yogurtology or Yogurtini.  It also has a TV with a looping slideshow of all the flavors that may be offered at any given time.  I get the idea, but I also feel like its teasing me when I see a flavor that isn't being offered that night that I would want to try.  As stated earlier, I would think that the owners would play up the cherry concept a little more to make something stand out.
1	I was just told by the cashier that they would not honor the gift card that I bought from this location. I was told that they had created their own and that it cost money to redeem the one that I had. Interesting. They sold it to me and now they won't honor it. Sounds like stealing to me. I can't do business with a place like this. It is too bad as my son really enjoyed coming here.
1	This place was OK the first time but just terrible the second. And both times, it was nothing to write home about.The yogurt is low-quality and ridiculously overpriced for being so below average. It's not even mixed the right way, and it doesn't taste that great. Plus the flavor options are very limited and again, nothing of that great of quality. I don't mind paying more for frozen yogurt that is worth it, like Red Mango, or Yogurtland. But this stuff just isn't worth it. I gave it a second chance (just because it's so close to my house) and it failed again so I won't ever be going back.
5	This is my favorite yogurt place!!! The yogurt is AMAZING and so are the people that work there.  I am always greeted with a hello and a smile!  The toppings bar has so much to choose from and everything is fresh.  Thank you Cherry on Top!!!!
5	This is our family's favorite place to grab a treat.  The owners are delightful and welcoming, and the shop is beautiful.  We love to try the latest flavors and topings, as many are seasonal.  Often we've been there when they've organized a classic car gathering and that adds another element of fun to the visit.
5	There are many yogurt places in town but this place is for sure the best!!!  I love the flavor selection and the staff is top notch!  Very clean and pleasant atmosphere!  Delish!!!
5	Great flavors, great service. Owners interact with customers; make every patron feel welcome and at home. Great time!
5	I've had frozen yogurt from dozens of yogurt shops from TCBY, Honey Bears and many others but none have had the quality and taste that I experienced from Cherry On Top.  The selection of toppings is second to none.  The beauty is you, as a consumer get to choose the toppings you want and the quantity.  You simply pay a very reasonable 44 cents per ounce. The selection is plentiful.   Their Green Apple Tart is so flavorful and delicious.  In the same machine is the best caramel yogurt I've ever had.  Mixing together is a tasty caramel apple mixture. Do yourself a favor if you love frozen yogurt - head on over to Cherry On Top and taste the best frozen yogurt you'll find in Arizona.
5	I recently visited Cherry on Top on a Tuesday evening after dinner at Hacienda.  There was a steady flow of customers but didn't get overly crowded.  While I'm not a huge dessert fan, the wide variety of flavors and recommended combinations made it easy to find a mix that was not too sweet.  The caramel and green apple is awesome, as is the plain (yes, I'm boring when it comes to sweets and dessert).  Also brought my wife home a mix of cappuccino and cookies-n-cream.  She loved it.  They have a great selection of high-end toppings, from fresh fruit to all varieties of candy, cookies etc.  The quality and freshness was outstanding all around, WAY better than other frozen yogurt shops I've been to.  Great place for dessert at the Summit or to send the kids while you sit down for coffee at Starbucks next door.
1	If you advertise you're open until a certain time, honor that. Don't hire lazy kids that have somewhere to be that's obviously more important than the health of your business. Sadly, we were very regular customers that will not be returning.
5	They were amazing. I brought in 4 kids under the age of 12 tonight and the girls working were great. They helped to get samples for the kids. Answered all the questions the kids have including things like who are those cupcakes for and what did you do last night. Even when the 7 year old started to try and climb up the booth they were great and never once made it feel like we were a problem. And w 4 little ones some times you can be. Best of all the fro yo is good.
3	This place is the closest self serve yogurt place to us so we've been here a few times. The flavors and toppings are tasty, the store is always clean and there is ample indoor and outdoor seating. The biggest ding is that the staff is not super friendly or helpful. In fact, that rarely even speak while you are there. It's a little unnerving. We will keep coming back because it close and tasty.
1	I would have to concur with J B. from Cave Creek.
