2	This Borders closes very early compared to other stores and is always low on stock.  You can never find anybody to help you find something, but the line is short and the clearance section is nice.  The bathrooms are so-so.  The music selection is great and so are the DVDs.
3	Although I didn't go here myself, I am pleased to announce that my book-returning saga is now over.  Irritated and worn out from unsuccessfully trying to exchange my Christmas present from my sister at the Long Beach and Cerritos Borders locations, I handed the book and the receipt to my sister when I got into Vegas the weekend before last, wishing her good luck.  And as luck should have it, when I returned back to her house after taking my niece shopping, my sister handed me a copy of "A Lifetime of Secrets" with a cheery, "Merry Christmas!"  Amazingly, she had been able to return the other book and exchange it for the volume that I didn't already have.  Finally, a Borders that could do one thing right!  As an extra added bonus, when I was snug in my apartment a few nights later reading my new book, I found a bonus secret that someone had left in the copy she gave me.
2	I used to love going to Borders not only because of the superb book selection, but also because they had a fine selection of fair-priced music and obscure movies, including Criterion Collection titles.So why did this store STOP CARRYING MUSIC AND MOVIES!?As a Henderson resident this is the only Borders that is even remotely close to my house. Half the reason I go to the store no longer exists.The only movies and music the store carries now are the occasional new release/reissue. And why do they insist on moving everything in the store around every few months? This makes visits to the store extremely confusing and longer than they need to be.Go the extra few miles to the Town Square location, since they still carry most of the music/movie stuff (at least they did last time I was there.)
2	I used to enjoy the store because they had the best newsstand in the area. I don't know what happened but that is no longer the case. There are a lot of empty spaces and the magazines that are there are out of order. The newsstand is practically unshoppable. It's sad when I can go across the street to Target and get a better selection and more up to date selection of magazines. In addition to the poor state of the newsstand they no longer carry music and DVDs. It is also difficult to locate new book releases. You are better off going around the corner to Barnes & Noble.
3	The Newsstand had everything I was looking for and it wasn't hard to find.  The coffee shop in here wasn't bad.  I had a strawberry Kula and it was very good.
4	This review is for the cookbook section only.I stopped here today to kill time before attending a UYE on this side of town.I really enjoy cooking and reading about food, so I spent the vast majority of my time in the cookbook section. I was impressed with the number and variety of cookbooks they had. There were three cookbooks in particular that I had recently looked for at another Borders and a Barnes & Noble near my house. Neither store had what I was looking for. However, this store had two out of the three: Momofuku and James Beard's American Cookery. They didn't have the third, Invitation to Indian Cooking, but they did have a couple of other cookbooks by Madhur Jaffrey. Also, they had Julia Child's My Life in France on sale for $3.99.I can't speak for the rest of the store, but this location of Borders has one of the best cookbook sections I've found in Las Vegas/Henderson.
3	Each Borders is . . . Well, a Borders.  They offer a generally well-stocked selection and do a nice job offering a space for local writers to read/meet customers.  Vegas doesn't really celebrate its writers so its nice when a Vegas bookstore does.That said, the overall selection at Borders isn't particularly interesting and their choices for "good reads" are pretty generic books of the moment with very little input from the store's staff on what they think is good and why.  So 2 stars for the business with an extra star for writer support.
5	I love borders, because it is much more affordable for me rather than other places. It is located in places that are near my place, and there are coupons they send me online that I can use.
4	Borders RIP.  I have seen businesses fold, but this business is a major loss. It was the place to spend a couple of hours drinking and getting acquainted with a book.  The writing was on the wall that this Borders was not going to be around too much longer. A few years back, it was a media center that sold CDs and DVDs in addition to bucks. Borders would replace them with an abundance of open space. Obviously not good for the bottom line. Next, the international selection of newspapers were eliminated. A couple of years later, Borders reduced their Sunday hours. At the same time that the digital book format ascended to popularity, the printed books remained at astronomical prices. Prices that were over and above CDs. As a book lover, I would of been buying far more books if the pricres were reasonable.   Ironically, the Borders staff was consistent. There seemed to be relatively zero turnover. The Batista's were generally familiar and friendly faces.    Living in Henderson, it is going to be depressing passing by this blighted big box that had been so full of life. Ditto for its fellow big box corpses scattered alongside Stephanie Street. I am still in the habit of hanging out in big box book stores. I hope that Barnes and Nobles adds more tables, because I expect my check-ins to increase.
4	Checkin out their "going out of business sale." It's kind of messy in here....eek!  However, this is the most people I've seen in Borders at one time--that's pretty depressing!
