5	I do have to say that I have been going to this park for over seven years and just realized I have never reviewed it before.  Last night afterwork I met my friend and her daughter  at the Tennis Courts located at the park.  We taught our girls to play tennis for the first time and we played the first time in over 20 years.  There are four courts and they are kept very clean.  In the middle of the courts there are covered benches for people to sit to watch or rest.  Exhausted we walked over to the play structure and the kids used the swing set then played on the play structure.  There were so many people out walking their dogs and children in strollers, football team practicing and people eating dinner.  There is a walking path that is circular and goes around the green grass area.  We have flown kites before, held our Girl Scout pinning event, been to a birthday party, played horse shoes and volleyball.  I love all the mature trees which adds shade.  What I don't like is the bathrooms are really far away. It is located in an older area, but this park you can tell is well loved by those who frequent it.
5	This park is within walking distance from where I am staying. I usually go here to jog or play tennis. The park itself isn't very big, but it is well maintained and has everything you'd need in  a park: two lighted tennis courts, jogging path, play ground area for the kids, basketball and handball court, baseball court, and plenty of trees and greenery. It is generally pretty peaceful and people there are respectful. There is always some type of little league game going on so for a small park it lively, but not crazy. There are park benches and picnic areas. It is a great place to come for a leisurely stroll, a jog or to partake in one of the sports.
5	This place is flat out incredible.  So much grass and many big trees that provide shady areas.   I love to take my dog for walks here because it doesn't feel like we're baking in the sun the entire time.  It feels so much like back home out east.  When you're here, you would never know you're in the desert.  There's a great walking path around the entire park and even when there a ton of people here it doesn't feel crowded.  What a wonderful place for an evening stroll!  Thank you, Henderson, for another wonderful public park area.
4	This is a nice large older park with a variety of activities for families.  We have been here several times with large parties and it is a great location for gatherings.  There is a large covered picnic area located next to a kids play area and not far from the bathrooms.  The bathrooms have always been in decent condition whenever we have been.  Like another reviewer said one of the best aspects of this park is the large amounts of grass and old shade trees.  It doesn't feel like you are in the desert!  Although it is an older park it is well maintained for its age.  There is a walking path through the park, tennis courts and at least two play areas.
4	Gorgeous park, big walking trail, clean tennis courts. Plenty of people walk their dogs here, and there's a smallish playground as well, in addition to a baseball diamond for little league games. My BF is a member of a tennis league here and they play games and practices twice a week. The courts are well-lit in the evenings with lights that run for an hour at a time, and there's ample shade around the courts during the day as well as the bench between courts for spectator seating.
4	I grew up at this park. I love it! It has history and character. I've had birthday parties, school picnics, and my first dates all at this park! My favorite things about this park are the gigantic mature trees, the concrete path that meanders all the way around the park and the sand volleyball courts. But, there is a huge problem I have at this park: it does not feel safe at night. There are always hooligans hanging around and there is not enough light to see anything in the distance. I wish I could jog at night here, but I can't because it's just too darn dark!
