4	A clean store in Westgate Mall.  They have a little of everything you'd need for crafting and have lots of art supplies.  I usually frequent the yarn section and the gift section.  They always have 25% off coupons out in mailers and the everything is always displayed very neatly.  The employees are nice and the store runs a lot of deals and specials every month.
5	Wisconsin Craft Market has been causing quite a stir in the Midwest knitting blogs lately and as an avid knitter, I decided to make the 2+ hour trip from my hometown of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.  I have been knitting feline apparel for the last 28 years; coats, collars, dresses, mittens, hats, and capes are just a few of the products I create and donate to cat shelters across the country. Upon entering the market, a distinguished-looking man with a beard politely directed me to the store's yarn section, aptly named the "Wall of Cascade". Now, I spent my youth living in a small Idaho town located in the Cascade range, and I must tell you; the plethora of colors in Wisconsin Craft's yarn section was reminiscent of my days spent in that beautiful mountain range. Well done, Wisconsin Craft Market! I applaud you on your excellent service and effervescent yarn collection. From now on, my 3 cats and the countless homeless felines across the country will be donning yarn and buttons sold from your charming establishment. Have a blessed day,KittyKnitter17
5	The Wisconsin Craft Market is a nice craft store. I mostly go there for knitting supplies, and their selection of yarns has been getting better & better. They have the best selection of Cascade 220 in town, lots of other very nice yarn brands, and they also carry plenty of cheaper options as well. They have an amazing knitting needle selection, several different brands. Prices are good, especially with their coupons. Coupons are available online. Make sure to print them off before going in.
4	The Wisconsin Craft Market is one of the first places I go when looking for almost any craft supply. The store is well organized, prices are fair and the staff have always been friendly and helpful whether in person or calling ahead to see if they have what I'm looking for in stock. I've picked up supplies for stamping, embroidery, painting, beading and kids projects. They have a nice paper selection and a wide variety of yarns. The one thing you won't find here would be fabric or sewing supplies. If you sign up for their newsletter you will get updates on new items and regular coupons. They may not be as large as some of the chain stores in town, but I've never been disappointed and I prefer supporting a local business. Because they carry a little bit of everything, I think it's a good place to start before visiting any of the specialty stores which cater to one craft or another.
5	My favorite craft place in Madison and a selection of really high quality yarns at very good prices. They have the most unusual yarns of anywhere in Madison. The owner is a super nice guy. This place is awesome great place for kids stuff for the summer to keep them off the video games!
5	I forgot how fantastic this place is until I decided to venture there to find some markers for drawing. They have a wonder selection of drawing supplies from graphite pencils, colored pencils, markers of all kinds, paper, etc. If you draw with it, they've probably got it!The also have a wonderful selection of other crafty things. When I was younger, my mom used to take me to get all sorts of supplies from knitting supplies, needlework books, and anything else a young girl could ever want to use to craft.Overall, this store makes me insanely jealous. I have yet to come across a craft store in California that has the selection, prices, and friendly staff of Wisconsin Craft Market. Any chance you guys wanna open up a shop in the Bay Area? :-p
1	Beware their yarn and their return policy. I bought yarn at their store today, went home, balled it and started casting on. The yarn broke four times in 25 stitches. I took it back, and asked if I could exchange it. Unfortunately, the store doesn't allow returns/exchanges on yarn that has been balled (there is probably a better word for that). First of all, I've been knitting for ten years and I never knew you could buy yarn that doesn't work. Second, you will never know it's defective until you start knitting, and you will have balled it by then. I'm giving up on the 'little guy' independent stores and heading to Michael's.
