4	Delicious hand-pulled ramen make this a perfect lunch spot, if you are ready to deal with the less-than-inviting food court atmosphere. Hours in the evening are limited.
4	At Yuki Ramen, you can get noodles... and more noodles. But they are damn good noodles! I order the BBQ pork noodle soup here almost every week and I never get tired of it. For $6.95, you get a large bowl of chewy, springy, long wheat noodles that are hand-pulled to order right before your eyes, steaming meat broth that is light and flavourful, but not overly salty, thin slices of Chinese barbecued pork, baby bok choy or nappa cabbage, green onions, and cilantro. The menu is limited, with only about 8 options. I've also tried the beef noodle soup and the minced pork noodle soup and they were both good, but the BBQ pork one is by far my favourite. The only drawback is that Yuki Ramen is located in the Faubourg food court, which could really use a facelift. But you'll forget your surroundings once you dive into your hearty bowl of savoury noodles!
3	I want to love this place - I really do. Fresh made noodles, before your eyes. But the bbq pork ramen soup I had lacked any real flavor in the broth which was a bit disappointing. Soup though was cheap $6.95 if I remember correctly for a large bowl.  Would be great for a pick me up after a long night of heavy drinking.Yuki is located on the second level of a dying food court at 1616 Rue Sainte Catherine (Le Fambourg Complex) Worth checking out, just to see the noodles being made and cheap enough to try all their soups until you find one you really like. Unfortunately we only made it down there once.  While I would't go out of my way to make a trip down here I'd definitely recommend them if you are anywhere in the area.
4	Fresh, hand drawn noodles made and cooked before your eyes is a rarity these days. That alone is worth a visit. The #6 ground soya sauce pork was a bit greasy/salty for my taste, but the noodle texture was very "Asian al dente" (springy with chew), a nice change from super soft rice noodles commonly found in Cantonese cooking.A side of soup comes with the dry noodle options, although it did have some MSG, but not an overwhelming amount.Serving size is large.  If you can finish a bowl, my hats off to you.I'll be back to try the soup based noodles.
4	Fresh made noodles, before your eyes. Great for lunch, and the price is really affordable for students. Will definitely come again :)
1	(fyi, originally wrote this review in September 2012, and forgot it was in my drafts! So, as some time has gone by, your mileage may vary. I'm not trying it again just to compare though haha)I had done some quick research to find some decent ramen places in Montreal, cause I loved having it when I was in Japan and craved it. This place got mentioned a couple of times, and I'm nearby daily so I decided to check it out. Honestly, I was expecting to be disappointed but... This is not ramen at all. The broth is extremely thin and tasteless, the vegetables were precut and the meat precut and precooked, so dry. I found the noodles a bit soggy and the seasoning was just... Pho-like, honestly. I'm disappointed, I really wanted to get my ramen fix, but this is not the place. :( if you've had ramen in Japan, I doubt you will like it here. If you haven't, honestly I'd rather have a good pho or Thai express, pretty similar or better...
5	Those are awesome tasting ramen in a food court. You get the taste, you get the price, you don't get the ambiance. I find this perfect for a wandere. I feel lucky to know this exists.
