5	Great, authentic Chicago-style pizza by the slice or whole. You can also get New York style pizza. This is a small, quint eatery with only 6 stools to sit. It adds to the authentic nature of the concept. Chef Anthony also happens to be the Executive Chef of The Venue Scottsdale - it's cool how he can go from upscale plated dishes to easy, simple Chicago favorites. This place is even open till 3 a.m. on Thursday-Saturday nights for the Old Town crowd. This is a can't miss!
4	Some of the best pizza in town. ... but also some of the most expensive. I've been in a couple times now, and the slices are delicious. They are huge, and very high quality...  but at $5/slice I'll have to take off a star.Great customer service both times I've been. I'm hoping this place does well.
5	If your looking for authentic Chicago style cuisine the  this place is for you!!!! The peppers on the Italian beef combo alone is worth going in. Plus they are open late!!!
4	This takeout place has great, authentic Chicago style deep dish pizza by the slice or to go.  Medium crust pizza is an option too.  Fries are handcut to order and are among the best I've had in Scottsdale - packed with potato flavor, which isn't so common.  There's a handful of seats so it's possible to eat here, but I'd recommend you just plan on an order to go.
4	The food is actually pretty good.  We had the chicken caesar salad which could probably use a little something (olives?) but the chicken pieces were tender and seasoned.  We also got a thin crust pepperoni pizza which was also very good.  The slices are huge though and it was a little challenging to eat.  I wonder if they can make the pizzas like 2 inches smaller and charge a little less..  Ah well, I can't wait to try the deep dish!  So far I haven't found a decent one out here in Phoenix!
4	Tried them for delivery, and while for some reason their biz name and logo really bother me, the food was actually some of the better I've had delivered. I enjoyed their awesome bread-sticks and a tasty gyro meat salad!!!  I will try them again for pizza soon.
5	I felt inclined to write my first review on Yelp due to this place. You know every kid says Pizza is their favorite food? Well, it's stuck with me and I can call myself a pizza connoisseur among other things (ranch sauce, crab rangoons, meatballs, cheeseburgers, butter etc). So here's the nights order of events:Step 1: Drink a ton of drinks at Rockbar right across the street.Step 2: Get hungry as a motha and walk to one of the two late night food establishments around there that I actually knew about. (Didn't know about KISS)Step 3: I picked the place called "Best of Italy" for a couple slices of pizza.Step 4: Regret going to Best of Italy because their pizza always sucks but I always hope for the best.Step 5: Walk back to Craftsman Ct to find a cab.Step 6: See the open sign at this place called KISS and would love to give my food craving a second chance / make myself an ultra chubby guy.Step 7: Walk in there and order 2 slices of pizza.It was about 2:30am and I had no idea what to expect. The place is tiny inside with only a few tables but there were a bunch of people at all of them waiting for their food.  There was no line and I was immediately helped. I got 2 slices of sausage Chicago style stuffed pizza to go. I think the total was something like $10 and I tipped the guy a couple bucks because hey - I wouldn't want to be slinging pizza at 2am but someone is kind enough to do it. The pizza came out within a few minutes and while he was boxing it up he threw in a couple slices of thin crust cheese pizza for free! Fantastic.I ate a slice of the chicago style while waiting for a cab to come by and was surprised at how good it was. It was legit one of the best chicago style stuffed I've had out here. I'm from the midwest and have been trying to find a place besides Oregano's that has a good stuffed pizza and I think I definitely found my go to spot. I see other reviews say it's only open on Fridays and Saturdays and if that's the case, it's a shame. Either way, you won't be disappointed if you had what I had. Definitely worth 5 stars in my pizza connoisseur book. Now I'm going to go to bed and make love to this other slice.
5	A Tale of Two Pizzas in Scottsdale, Part IAfter a night of clubbing in Scottsdale, my wife and I began searching for a place open late that serves pizza.  We really didn't want to eat in club central where the only way to park is by valet.Out came the iPhone with the Yelp app, and out pops KISS.  It was open late and we could park in the parking lot.  I was a bit apprehensive at first, but we had friendly, accommodating service as soon as we walked in.  There was a cheese pizza all ready for us to eat upon entering--all we had to do was pay and have it served.  This was a fantastic pie with a slightly chunky sauce.  The cook puts a lot of love into the preparation of his food--and it shows.  This place is apparently ONLY open on Friday and Saturday, but I see how they stay in business.  Their food is so damned good, they obviously sell a LOT of it.Both my wife and I really enjoyed our late-night dinner here and hope to return again some time soon.  We both heartily recommend KISS Back East Pizza and Beef Joint.
3	First visit, great pizza, excellent hot dog with snap when you bit into it but the really confusing part is: First they're only open 2 days a week (Fri & Sat - 11 AM to 3 AM) and at 3 in the afternoon on Sat they didn't have any potatoes to make fresh cut fries. They said they were waiting for a produce delivery. Wonder what they did on Friday?Second visit a month later, fires were wonderful and had a great lunch.
2	Frustrated and Disappointed!  We order from here on occasion for delivery to our office. Its so hit and miss if you actually get someone on the phone, if the place is open or what kind of service you're gonna get.  If you don't have the staff to deliver then take it off your menu and site.  When we actually got food, it was not all that hot, and the fries were soggy from being wrapped up with the hot dog....   Whatever... too many other reliable places to order from.
2	Went here once and waited over 5 minutes to be helped. I was the only one in the store. Took me 15 minutes to get a slice of pizza and a drink when it should have taken less than 5. Service was not very good and the pizza was medicore.
