3	Tchotchkes galore.Nice change of pace for the neighborhood.  Some creative items, a few old pieces that haven't been altered or modified, several older pieces brought current to the latest trend(s), and some vintage pieces given a new life other than what they were intended. Got lots of pics, just have to wait to get access to new business on my cell.
5	If you like repurposed, up-cycled items, vintage treasures and antique gems, this is the store for you! Thriftiques is absolutely packed with furniture, knickknacks, home decor and hand made jewelry. This place has a different look and feel to it every time I visit, and there is always something new to see, no matter how many times I look around. A great mix of nostalgia and new ideas to get your inner decorator inspired!
5	I love this store! There is something for everyone here. Every time I go in it is a new experience. Love the creative vibe and the repurposed treasures.
5	I ADORE this store. Really love it here. I've found some fabulous furniture pieces here that are really unique. There is also a lot of selection of home decor items that aren't going to break the bank.The owner, Julie, is probably the nicest, most helpful person you'll ever meet. She knows each of my children by name and asks about them every time I come in. I've recommended this store to quite a few friends and they've had the same great experience.I highly recommend for anyone looking for unique pieces for their home.
5	I LOVE this store!!! Every time I've gone in, I've either taken something home or put something on layaway!! I even try leaving my purse in the car!!!! I just go get it!
5	First of all, I have to walk in and slowly go around the shop scoping out all of the unique, one of a kind items  There are victorian, mid-century, vintage industrial, funky, and interesting finds.  It's hard to take it all in if you're a shop-a-holic like me.  But, I do, I take it  in by walking slowly, examining and pondering each item, trying to figure out if it fits my personality and my own space. There is a variety of furniture, pillows, art work, quirky storage items, and yes, even jewelry. And the jewelry is either vintage or hand made.  Gotta love that!  I have purchased something each time I have made a visit.  Okay, I'll tell you!  I bought a great vintage red wooden storage box on wheels, a wonderful art print signed by the artist, (Most people who visit my home comment on the message it give.)and today, Today I purchased two wooden shutters for my window in the back of my house. (I'm going for a rustic Mexican courtyard look: the shutters will add sooo much)....can you tell I'm excited with this find?  Well I am!  The price was amazing!  I have gone to various, out of the way places in the East Valley looking for the right shutters, low and behold, Thriftiques had them.  I actually keep thinking about the burlap, pillow with the fun, young looking, turquoise polka dots that I wish I would have bought...maybe tomorrow.So by now you obviously can tell I love this place and would highly recommend a visit.  Spend time roaming though, it will be so much fun for you! Good luck and happy shopping!
5	Love, LOVE LoVe this place! Cute furniture, very well done. Owner is very nice and she offers layaway! Can't beat it!
4	I love this store. They have a variety of things to look at, it's more than old lamps and frames. There's trinkets, toys and furniture for all styles/ time periods. They have some very fun jewelry and there's a lot of things for scrapbooking, collaging and wall art. The owner and her husband and are very friendly and attentive. They also do free deliveries if you aren't too far away.
5	Outstanding customer service!We stopped in today to check things out, and wound up finding a hutch we were interested in. After spending the last few weeks looking for something to turn into a liquor cabinet/mainly house our beer glasses, wine glasses, etc. We had to swoop it up. The price was just right and not overpriced like most antique furniture in this condition. The kicker, I had my civic and no way to get it home. I put it on hold and later called to ask if they could hold it for me until next Monday. They then, wait for it... Offered to deliver it! Given my home is 30ish minutes away from there, I was blown away by this. Great customer service is hard to find and much appreciated! Safe to say this is a must see for anyone looking for something unique or antique! Thanks again.
5	Adorable! Very clean and well organized. They have both antique and new home decor. Fair pricing and the owners were very friendly. Had a great time browsing and my mom purchased a few cool items. Found this spot on Yelp! And I would definitely be back! Good luck with finding your treasure :)
5	Items priced fairly and owners are extremely helpful. Made two large purchases within a week. Will def be back. Thanks a bunch!
