3	It's small and doesn't have enough outside space. But if you're in a rush I's check it out.
3	It's Starbucks, so you can pretty much guarantee the same product everywhere you go. That held true for this location. Friendly fast service. Can't complain.
3	I like Starbucks and this location is convenient because it is close to where I live. However, I think this place is located in a very bad area of this plaza.Well first of all, I have never been inside. Why? Because there are only a few parking stalls in front of this Starbucks, which is also shared with customers of Einstein Bros. Bagels who is right next door. Maybe I just happen to stop by here during peak hours, but I rarely see any open stalls. I think I would be better off parking further down by Wells Fargo and walking over. But, why do that when they have a drive thru, right? Unless I am in a rush, I don't mind waiting. The problem with the drive thru is that it is very very narrow. The drive thru ends in the parking lot I was talking about earlier, where everyone is backing out. Plus, you have to watch out for cars that are turning into the plaza from Rainbow Blvd. as well. So yeah, definitely be careful because it can get dangerous!!As always, the employees are polite and friendly. Service is pretty fast and they have not made a mistake on any of my drinks so far. I know it's not their fault, but unfortunately they are just located in a bad area.
4	OK, I had a show to go to and I needed not to nod off at any time during the performance.  What to do?  Stop at Starbucks on the way and get a quad espresso, the drink of champions.This Rainbow Boulevard location is semi on my way and it's open later than a neighborhood Bucyky, so here it was.  The coffee was great, the play was fantastic, and it was a great night.I think I have a new stopping off spot when I need that extra lift!
5	Average everyday starbucks location. Pretty, open, and clean. Staff was very friendly too! I love when a starbucks isn't full of stuffy people.
4	This might be my favorite Starbucks location. The staff are all very fast and friendly. There are also LOTS of places to sit, inside and outside. They have a patio with at least 6 tables, some industrial ceiling fans, AND water misters for when the weather gets intense. When I went, the place was pretty dead, which is always a good thing for me because I can't study when it's too noisy. Most of the customers were using the drive-thru or ordering to-go. They also had some regulars that came in and they already memorized their orders. My favorite thing about this location is probably their use of space. They have long benches along the walls and tables lined up in front of them, so it provides lots of seating while at the same time not taking up too much space. At a lot of other locations, my biggest problem is always finding a good seat, especially if I need an outlet that day. I don't have that problem at all here.
5	Quick, efficient service and always friendly. I have visited this location many times at different times in the day and have always had well prepared beverages. Both in store and at the drive thru. Drive thru is a bit tricky to maneuver based on the narrow path and sharp left turn (I drive a Toyota Camry) could be difficult for large cars and trucks. 5 Stars! Repeat customer.
3	The staff is always friendly and the store is always clean but everytime I visit I can hardly find a seat.Note, the 3 star rating is only because the last 4 times I have been there this store is so full I cant find seating.
3	Standard Starbucks, nothing too special. I liked the idea of the outside seating area, but it was squished and kind of crowded. The inside wasn't much roomier either, but it was very clean!Our drinks were good and came out quick.
5	Come on now this is Starbucks how can they ever do wrong? I love the Java chip frap for a cold iced drink and for hot I love the White Chocolate Mocha mmmm yummy indeed.This store is always great with service and I enjoy the drive thru option and convenient location not far from my home. My only complaint is that I have to always tell them when ordering a drink "fill it to the top". Yeah you would think that is automatic but no it is not. I once got a hot coffee filled only half way on a Venti (large). When I had issued a past complaint to the Supervisor on duty she said inform when ordering to "fill it to the top". Yeah I know crazy right, but I do it because if I am handing over a 5 spot then I want a full cup!
4	The drive-thru can be a little slow at times, but they do their best. Service is typically friendly, and I've recently discovered their green tea latte which is incredible! Matcha with steamed milk is my new favorite way to get my caffeine in every day. I'm an addict and am ashamed to admit that I sometimes drink two a day. Just be warned, it does come sweetened (I think everything at Starbucks does).
4	I love my Starbucks and I have to have a quad espresso before a shift or I can't make it through the night. The only issue I have is that the pricing on my espresso is never the same. Some days its under three dollars others it's like six. The espresso taste is consistent not like other mom and pop coffee shops. When I buy a coffee I want to get the same taste every time.
2	The coffee works in a pinch, but still taste like dirty water.  I don't get foo-foo drinks, if I did it might taste better.  Service is always good to great at any starbucks.
2	Parking sucks, sorry guys! When I can't find parking, I go to the next location.
3	Consistent drinks and food quality, clean (enough) space, innocuous (enough) patrons (except for one person today who insisted on asking another patron about the wifi).  Nothing exceptional, but nothing offensive.  I was happy enough to sip my refresher and munch my sandwich in free wifi peace!
5	I always go through Drive-Thru because there's limited parking in front of Starbucks. You'd have to park near Wells Fargo or the Pub if it's full, which most of the time it is. For me, it's pretty easy to get in and out of the plaza even though that area is so small. They have plenty of staff to get the line going, so you rarely have to wait a long time. The phone app makes it easy to pay too and they're always so quick in their service. This Starbucks definitely up to par with the name and the kind of service you're supposed to be getting.
3	Overpriced, bitter coffee... But, the wifey wanted some pumpkin latte thingie so I winged in and grabbed her one. The staff was friendly and the drink was good so there you have it.
5	I love this Starbucks!!! It's right on my way to work, and it has a drive thru! The drive thru is kinda small and awkward but it's always fast and quick.Customer service is awesome!!! And drink are always perfect!!! Love this spot!!! On my way back in a few hours!!
5	I love this particular store because I always get consistency on my drinks and on staff . Thanks Elaine and Lincoln you guys do such a great job. One morning I dropped my drink by accident went back and they gave me another one for free . That's what I call customer service. Everybody and their mothers are always packing in that place bright and early. There's always a line.
3	Drive through too small for my car and felt trapped.  Not the fastest. Didn't have the the stuff to make my drink. No little sandwiches when I come here either. It was on the way.
5	Always get service with a smile! And very fast too....whether I'm getting a big order or just my morning coffee
5	This Starbucks is Perfect! SERVICE is amazing! We love coming here eventhough it isn't closer to us thsn the other Starbucks! Expect to be treated kindly. The Baristas make your drink the way you want it and they care unlike the other robot Barristas at other locations. We keep coming back to this place!
3	This Starbucks is speedy both inside and in the drive-thru. The drive-thru is a tad tiny and a bit awkward, so just know that before you roll in.
3	This Starbucks is alright. Their drinks are good but they aren't as customizable as other Starbucks. I tried ordering things found on secret menus but they won't allow customization of any kind. Not only that but their drive thru service is really hard to drive through, and parking is very scarce.
3	I use this location frequently because of its location being the closest to my work.  The traffic to get in and out is consistently bad.  The set-up of the drive through is an accident waiting to happen.  This location seems to have more inconsistent quality in their drinks than others I have been to.
1	I walked into this Starbucks that was not busy at the time (8:45am Sunday) and no one greeted me , no line and 5 employees all talking together just standing around. After a minute the girl finally walks over to the register and unenthusiastically asked me how she could help me. During the whole transaction she was indifferent and stone faced. She must either hate her job or was having a bad day. So sorry for her but very low standards for Starbucks employees. Never happened to me at Starbucks before. I will not be visiting this location.
4	I like this Starbucks location...The workers are typically polite and efficient. They are also yet to screw up one of my orders! So I will continue to get my morning coffee here, since the Tropicana and Decatur store is disgusting and slow! Two thumbs up!
