4	Went here yesterday and was once again pleased with the customer service i received.  I had my tires rotated and balanced and my truck was done in less time they said it would take.  I have been going to this location since the new owner purchased a couple years back and only had one small issue that was resolved quickly.
5	I had just bought a car from a friend who lives in Phoenix and she said I needed tires. I was planning to drive back to California but needed to get tires first. I picked the Big O on West Bell because it was near her house and she could drop the car off. Not only did I get a great price, one of the staff drove her home so she didn't have to walk or take the bus. I got great tires, an oil change, and great service from the guys at the West Bell location. Thanks Guys!
4	Good bunch of guys here. They are more then happy to help with a flat repair or a air pressure check. The shining moment is when you get a better deal from them then you can anywhere else. I needed 4 trailer tires and NO ONE was able to beat the price they had. In and out in a decent amount of time and no corners were cut in the process.
2	I have been going to Big-O-Tires for the past 4 years at various locations and this one for the past year. I am honestly not seeing why everyone is so impressed this this location on Bell. I really like the Tempe location and find their mechanics to be better and more honest. 1st off, I have waited 24 hours from the time I asked the owner to call me before posting this. The owner has not called me back and probably has blown me off. I took my car in there Saturday afternoon for an oil change, fuel injector flush and power steering fluid flush. (Which who knows if I actually needed it anyway).  After they finished my car, I drove 8 miles down the road, bought groceries and when I got back to my car it was running very rough, misfiring and barely getting any power. It was not drivable. I had to have it towed back to Big-O-Tires. Since they were not open Sunday I had to wait until Monday morning to get a response. They did thankfully start working on it right away and told me the technician had spilled power steering fluid on the engine which is why it was running so bad. 1st off, how does one do something like that? They aren't close together... I asked for a refund for the services, as their negligence had left me without a car for the weekend, cost me a tow, and inconvenienced my whole family who had to help me get to and from Big-O-Tires. The manager Ibraham said that he could not give me a refund and offered a free oil change---I have no intention of returning there as they have hurt my trust in them as mechanics,  why would I want a free oil change? I asked to speak with his boss and Ibraham said he called him....24 hours later here I am with no response.
