5	Took our 30' RV through, got a great wash at a great price (Mention Yelp, Google, or Nanapages for a discount).  The location is easily accessible from the interstate and the quality and speed of service was impressive.  I've sat for an hour or more waiting for a wash, no such problem here. They also have an undercarriage wash, which came in VERY handy after driving through the midwest in the snow.  I'm always of the opinion that there aren't enough options for RVs to get washed out there and I'm glad to find a good provider close to home.
5	These guys were awesome. Cleaned my RV after attending Burning Man for a fraction of the time and cost of other places.
1	Thursday, March 21, 2013 - Approx. 6:00 PMMy wife and I had just arrived in town from Utah. We were staying at the Silverton Resort (right around the corner from the Global Truck Wash on Valley View Blvd.We had come to Vegas to spend a few days attending a large gathering of motorcycle riders.When we left Utah, it had been snowing and our Yukon along with our open-trailer had become pretty dirty with a few hundred miles of wet road grime. As soon as we were all checked-in to the hotel, the first thing I wanted to do was give our vehicle and the motorcycle a good a wash. So, I searched Yelp, and found that the Global Wash was right around the corner. And, it had good reviews. Just what I needed, I thought.When we arrived to the entrance of the Global Wash (pulling the trailer with the motorcycle on it), we saw two guys who appeared to be employees standing next to the area where the vehicles drive in to be washed. The business gave every impression of it being open (meaning that there were no cones or any sort of barricade at the entrance), and since it didn't appear busy, we proceeded to drive in. When I reached the halfway point between the driveway entrance and the actual wash area, one of the guys (a young Hispanic man dressed in a white t-shirt, perhaps about twenty-something years old), began walking towards my vehicle and while waving his arms, he repeatedly "shouts back-up, get outta here". When I asked, why? He responds that "I'm trespassing". I then said that "I was just looking to get a wash", to which he demands that "I back-up and leave". I then explained that I was not very experienced in backing-up trailers, and asked him politely if it would be possible for me to just pull through instead of attempting to back up.I understand if a business is closed, and its employees just want to go home at the end of the day. And, if I had just been told that the wash was closed, I would have understood and left. But, what happened next was completely unexpected. The employee who had approached me, he began yelling swearing at me and telling me how "all of you Mormons from Utah are all cheap, etc., etc." Mormons? Why would he think I'm Mormon? Anyway, he appeared so antagonistic I wondered if he was looking for a physical fight. At that point, I was more than willing to leave as quickly and quietly as possible. What outright and undeserved bigotry. This guy seemed crazy!So, I did my best to do a U-Turn in the driveway, and I did knock down a few of those little orange cones on the way out, but fortunately, no damage done to anyone or anything.I would be surprised if this information even gets any attention. For all I know, maybe that guy was the owner, or a friend of the employer? Maybe this incident will be completely ignored. I will certainly never set foot there again. Why would employers ever hire someone like that? Whatever the case, this kind of inexcusable behavior should never be tolerated by an employer. Its poor customer service, at its best, and that guy should go work somewhere where he doesn't have to work with people - especially Mormons I guess?So, no stars for this experience unfortunately. But, I would suggest that people stay away from Global Truck Wash as long as that guys works there. He seems dangerous!
5	Went by today and had a great experience and left with a super clean rv. Would totally recommend this place. Excellent customer service
1	Customer service is something that should never be compromised. I was a potential first time customer. I pulled up 10-15 mins prior to closing, which is 7pm. There were no cones blocking the entrance, which by the way was explained to me at a later time by one of the employees, that indicates they're officially closed and no longer taking vehicles. I pulled up to the window and an older caucasian woman stuck her head out the window and told me that they were closed. I asked her what time they closed, and she mentioned "we are closed now," without giving me a time. I asked what time is now and with a sigh and sprinkle of "go away now, I want to close early and go home," she said 7 o'clock which again was 10 to 15 minutes prior to closing. Horrible experience. By the way, did I mention we are a tour company in vegas with a fleet of buses and I'm one of the managers? She could've made a new client and the company a lot of money. Owners may want to remind their employees and stress the fact that customers are the reason they have jobs.
5	It's tough to find a place to wash our 34 ft RV. Very affordable, three guys working on it at once for like 15 ish minutes, no wait. Friendly staff. And an undercarriage wash too? Amazing. $1.25/ft is very reasonable. Our RV was SUPER dirty from a festival we went to in the desert. Had 3 years of dust on it and it came out sparkling. Its crazy how clean it looks. Thanks!!!!!!
