4	Maybe you need Durian fruit for that special someone? Or how about Jelly Fish in an instant? Fresh duck eggs, quail eggs or canned quail eggs? Produce ,meats, grains and fish you don't find everywhere. Or maybe YOU JUST WANT TO HIT THE ONE ASIAN MARKET that DOESN"T SMELL yet at this time. I also noticed a new PHO  and Grill restaurant is coming on the corner.
2	I expected much more being a brand new store. All of the previous reviews were surprisingly good, but I doubt they shop at Asian store every week to know the small differences. It may not smell *yet*, because it just opened, but I saw a lot of fly in the store, and meats/ vegetables did not look "amazingly fresh". (I noticed brown spots on meat)Their price weren't impressive either. Everything I saw today was more expensive (compare to what I usually purchase from other stores). Also thought their aisles were unorganized. It just seemed like everything was scattered everywhere. We'll see how they keep up.
1	We too were driving by and stopped in.  It's pretty dirty.  Just look at the fish.  The eyes are all sunken in.  That's old fish.  Covering it up with ice just masks the smell (you can't smell dog poop when it's really cold either...).  We were impressed with the sauce isle.  You can get even kind of jarred or canned sauce for any Asian dish.  That's about all we would buy here.  We were still perplexed with some items in the meat department, including diced pig ears and a vat of pig's blood.  Not quite sure what one would do with that, but at the risk of sounding racist - Asians eat some "dfferent" food items andfully utilize every portion of an animal.
4	A welcome addition to the businesses in this part of the Valley. This large store is clean, spacious, and has a very wide variety of fresh produce, meats (including many kinds of organ meats), seafood, cooking utensils, and other items. Here you can find packaged and canned goods from several countries, including India, Africa, and the Mediterranean area. As with any big Asian food store, part of the pleasure in shopping here is discovering many items that you will not find in most food stores, big or small. The prices are good, so load up on stuff like coconut milk, curries, dried seaweed, exotic spices and seasonings, and other items for your culinary adventures.
3	It recently opened so it doesn't smell quite as bad as the venerable Asian markets on this side of town, but by mid-winter it'll be properly seasoned.You know what proprietors of Asian supermarkets are failing at miserably? Having someone in the store at the peak shopping hours to demonstrate how to cook with ingredients that might be unfamiliar to non-Asians. Arizona is full of rubes, but rubes like to eat tasty cherimoya and bok choy and tilefish, too! They're just afraid of it because it's "unknown". I wish they'd do that kind of thing here.I was impressed with the variety of Filipino and Caribbean items that they stock. They even sell Ting! soda. However, the aisles are kinda unorganized and it's not such an intuitive shopping experience.Noodles, rice, produce- it pays to be these things in bulk. The frozen Bao were not my favorite, (actually the Bao at Trader Joe's taste better) but the pot stickers turned out to be a value. Yeah, sometimes I do feel a bit of that "you not Asian, why you here?" vibe, but it's minimal and IDGAF anyhow. Some common Asian or Hispanic ingredients can be found cheaper at a supermarket, but the variety here is amazing.
4	I frequently shop at Asiana on 43rd & Union Hills, so I was glad to see a new Asian market opening in the neighborhood. I stopped in a few weeks back and was not disappointed. The obvious standout here is the seafood counter. The entire store is impeccably clean but the seafood counter is immaculate. They carry a large variety of seafood and all of it appeared quite fresh. No odd fishy odors, which is always a good sign.The store is smaller than Asiana, so they don't carry quite as large a variety of products. In particular they don't have an abundance of Indian products, but they do carry Gup Shup peanuts so that's enough right there to keep me coming back...oh, and the ice. A 20 pound bag of ice is always a must in my house (even if it is Reddy ice - Boo!).A great produce section too, with all the items that a good Asian market should have and more. It's good to see a little competition in the neighborhood, and it appears to be working. Asiana's prices seem to have come down a little and it looks like they're trying to clean up their store a bit as well - hooray me!
3	A new Asian market on Bell Road between 51st and 59th avenues. I found this place by accident one day and it turns out it has been here already for a few months. The word hasn't really gotten out yet so every time I've been there it has never been crowded. Lots of Vietnamese, Filipino, Indian, Chinese, and Japanese food products. A few Eastern European products in the sausage area. Good selection of fish and meats. I even found smoked turkey tail - last time I had that was at a Samoan deli in San Diego. They have a few selections of sashimi in the fish section - sort of like what 99 Ranch Market has. No real ready-to-eat offerings like Asiana has in their deli. Decent selection of fruits and vegetables. It's become my go-to place when I'm not in a mood for shopping and dealing with crowds. There's no alcohol though - docking one star for that.
3	Its not bad here, nothing like the 99 ranch, Mitsuya and other Asian markets back home in Cali, but it gets the job done. I mainly come here for my aloe vera drinks, Shin Ramyun noodles and random Asian snacks (dried seaweed, calpico, etc.). But my Viet roommate made Bun Rieu the other night and was able to find everything she needed here. Selection is not as good as Asiana or Lee Lees as someone else pointed out but I think they are trying to get a feel for what the public wants.I LOLed at all the comments about "fishy smells" I didn't realize that that was even a big deal for people. It ain't a good Asian market if it doesn't smell like fish is what I say! That probably means that they don't carry/clean/fry fish in house . Bummer. Maybe the proprietors of Asian markets fail in Arizona because the locals fear fishy smells haha. And it would be nice if someones sole purpose was to give samples of  yummy Asian food and teach customers how to cook... but last time I checked, Fry's wasn't cooking up a Thanksgiving meal to those who don't know how to cook a traditional Thanksgiving dinner! That's what the internet is for! The exception may be Costco :PBut I digress. I support local businesses. Especially ethnic ones since the Peoria/Glendale area is seriously lacking some culture/good food. Check it out, I promise it doesn't smell.
2	I had to return the Fish I purchased for dinner just a few hours ago because it smelled bad. I was not able to smell bad fish over the counter. This place still smells clean. This is the second spoiled fish purchase for me from here. The manager said yes that fish smells so the fish monger knowingly gave me bad fish. I will still stop in for produce or dry goods because I like them here but I can no longer trust them for fish.
4	I like Lee Lee's. To me, this place is like Lee Lee's, but closer to my house.
5	The best Asian store around. Love the selection. Awesome aisle for sauces. Everything is so much cheaper and better than any other Asian store I've been.
4	In my opinion, Lee Lee's is king of the Valley Oriental markets.  That said, LF's is my 1B.  LF's has a nice selection of produce, seafood/fish, beverages, and everything else you can think of that an Oriental market would offer.  The prices I find are competitive, and overall appearance very clean.  Competition is a good thing and LF's is a winner.
3	Fish was good. I moved here from central Wisconsin and it was a delight to see so many fish varieties. Vegetables were good too. If you want what you want, this is the place to go.
4	This is my favorite Asian market in the Valley. Its just the right size and the empolyees are more helpful to this white boy than at other locations. I'm always looking for some crazy ingredient (lime leaf or galanga or certain noodles or plantains or whatever).Prices are excellent for produce. You can buy limes and garlic and squash for pennies on the dollar compared to the chain stores. You can also find some off beat beers here.It think its just the right size too and laid out well. I can get lost for hours at Lee Lee.Yes, it does smell like every other Asian market I've ever been to. God I hate it, but for some reason I don't think I would trust the place.
4	I'm a fan of this place for a couple of reasons. The first is proximity. I live in the north central valley, and this is one of two Asian markets closest to me. The second reason I like this place is because it caters more to a southeast Asian, Chinese and Vietnamese populace. For that reason alone it trumps Asiana, which to be honest is actually closer to my home.Why is this important? Because I'm a South East Asian Chinese. (I actually hail from Singapore, if anybody is curious). So when I want to cook the food of the motherland, I'll want brands and ingredients from that culture. Asiana's products lean very strongly towards a Korean and Japanese background, with a good smattering of Indian. Yes, that is weird, don't ask me why. I think it's pure economics, there must a decent sized Indian population in the area.But before LF opened, I've driven myself batty going to Asiana, walking the aisles forever trying to find Pho mix, or the right brand of my chinese soy sauce, or the correct brand of Thai curry paste. You think it's funny, but I swear after the first time, my patience for that #$%!@# is pretty low. When it's a weeknight and I'm craving Thai curry, the last thing I want to do is get there and realize that aw jeez, we just don't carry it. WTF. Never had that problem with LF. It's new, so the aisles are wide and clean. Their produce section is huge, and they have the usual well stocked butcher. I've picked up giant beef leg bones for my dog, and slabs of pork belly to make my favorite Red Cooked Pork. I'm also pretty sure LF is cheaper.IMO, this is the better of the two Asian markets in the area. Go to this one, don't bother with Asiana.
3	I was very happy to find this market so close to my place. It has more to offer in Japanese fare than Mitsuwa did back in Illinois, sans the sushi and food court. Of course, as people have mentioned in previous reviews, there is that distinct Asian market smell inside. I can get past it after a couple of minutes, but I don't think non-Asian shoppers could.The aisle signs weren't clear; the aisle for condiments for example was a candy/sweets aisle, and the condiments were actually in the next aisle over.A lot of goods were kept in their shipping boxes instead of properly placed on shelves. Frozen items weren't properly lined up. I would find that acceptable in a small strip mall store, but not in such a spacious place like this.I was ecstatic when I found Filipino products like hot dogs, siopao, egg roll wrappers, polvoron, etc. So I loaded up on those. The sales are decent, but the regular price on some things were over the top. $7.99 for a small bottle of Kewpie mayonnaise is ridiculous.The cashier didn't appear too enthusiastic about her job and didn't say a word to me when ringing up my purchase. She also didn't say anything to the customer before me who disputed a price on something--she mumbled into a walkie talkie and continued to ring items up. All in all, I don't like the lackadaisical appearance and attitude of the workers, but I will be back here for more Filipino groceries.
2	Gotta downgrade my rating slightly. The prices have risen on their seafood, meat and produce and the store has become even more disorganized. They don't stock Ting! anymore, either. I find myself down at Lee Lee more than LF nowadays, even though LF is 5 mins from my house.
4	Whoa - I'm impressed!Perhaps it's a mistake on my behalf, but I did not anticipate finding a decent Asian grocery in Glendale. It's no secret that many Asians are moving into the Phoenix area, particularly to escape the high costs in California, but I'm really not used to anything being comparable to California when it comes to Asian anything. Haven't really found good pho, haven't even tried to find ramen, etc. etc.... but this store is excellent.Anyhow, I was definitely impressed. There were things that I have trouble finding in San Diego on a regular basis that were easily found and in abundance in this store, and all my favorite Filipino brands were there. I went home with pork longganisa, pork siopao, and some Jufran... it was heavenly!There's also a pretty decent fish selection and we took home some octopus for appetizers. Delicious. I can't wait to get some bangus on my next visit.I can't say that it's the most comprehensive Asian grocer around - I haven't had the time to look at all of it, and I doubt I ever will! - but I'll be back when I visit my parents and need the proper ingredients for a good Asian meal.Also: the service was pretty good, and fellow patrons were friendly! Always a bonus!
4	I love the selection of asian style foods. I get a certain brand of instant coffee there I used to have to drive across town for. They have an excellent selection of produce and their rices are everything I might want at a good price. I live on the Northwest side of Phoenix near Bell Road and 29th Avenue, so I am glad they are close by.
4	This is going to be my new place to get ingredients when I'm in a fix and not wanting to drive down into the valley. There are only a few places up here and some of them are a bit scary.Inside is always clean and well organized. They go out of their way to make sure there is not a lot of crap spread all over the place like some of the other stores. Some stores (43rd and Union H) are so bad that I will no longer return and hope they quietly go out of business.LF's has all the sauces, things in cans, bottles or tubs that I normally get at Lee Lee's or Mekong. The produce here always seems fresh and they have a nice selection as well.Usually pick up some Chinese Celery or whatever I'm needing at the moment. They even have Curry leaves as well as several of the exotic items that you may see on the Bizarre Foods TV show.They also have a unique butcher case with meat cuts that have not made it on my plate yet. Not sure what to do with Beef Testicals and Penis. Do you cook them in the same pan? Probably needs to be pretty spicy so that you do not get that FUNK going on?Nice selection of stuffs without going overboard. Just remember that when you are cooking something and you are missing a key ingredient ... a poor substitution can be your worst nightmare.Just curious ... but let me know if you have any experience cooking the Johnson parts mentioned above. SCHWING!4 STARS
4	As we were new to the area and just really passing through, as we live in the SE Valley, I saw this place and made a note to come back later in the day.  One of the things of going into an Asian market is the smell of fish, seafood, and other meats, which I don't like.  LF didn't have any smell that was strong as the other markets we've been to that are Asian.  A huge plus.I would give this store a 5 star, but their produce section is a bit limited and doesn't have the variety as Mekong.  However, it's really more like 4.5 stars for this store because things aren't overcrowded.  LF is more of like a Safeway in the Asian markets where things are reasonably priced with plenty of room and space to maneuver your carts (unlike Mekong that stuffs their aisles), a variety of prices for the same item rather than all the same price as in Lee Lee's.  Every person I needed help from at LF was super friendly and Asian, treated me well and with respect.  The owner of Lee Lee's is always nice to me, but not usually his employees.  At LF's, every employee was courteous and polite and I almost thought I was in a white store.We weren't planning on buying anything, but I ended up getting several bags of stuff that were reasonably priced.  Too bad this store is over 50 miles from my house, but they would probably get my business because of the cleanliness and great customer service they have over the Asian stores I do go to.
3	Decent little grocery but the meat section is disgusting. Was in there today and and all the chicken products looked dried out and very not fresh! :( I am sick of Asian grocers lacking in cleanliness and quality. Get with it! I only frequent this place for their Filipino offerings. They need to get the ube ice cream back in stock.
4	Pros: If you want to experiment with asian food or if you are a pro this is the place for you! Helpful staff, well stocked shelves, massive selections in almost every area!Meat dept carries full slabs of pork belly...not just cut up strips.Great frozen section too.Highly recommend this store and it is a block away from Winco for your basic staples...one stop does it allCons: Produce dept sometimes requires you a buy a large bag of an item...like peppers. If you need a few this may not work
3	If you've ever been to Utah, white as it is, there are still several ethnic markets, though most are hole-in-the-wall establishments.  Quaint, small and cozy.  LF Market is _not_ one of those places.  Man, this store seems to have EVERYTHING...and it can be overwhelming.The organization of the store is interesting, and I think I've figured it out.  It seems most items are sorted by origin/audience; this is, Filipino products are on an aisle, and Vietnamese are on another.  To some extent things are organized by item, such as sauces and produce.  Still, this pattern leads to some odd placements.  For example. you can find duplicate spices for different prices on neighboring aisles.  I found this to be the case with pepper and another spice that I can't presently recall...maybe cumin?  I also had a helluva time finding peanut oil.  I looked and looked and looked.  And then the cashier (more on this in a moment) looked and looked.  And then someone else looked and looked and found something I didn't want.  And then I stumbled across what I did want...behind an aisle end display?  It was all a lot for very little.Back to the cashier helping me.  That was great.  But what sucks is that he was the ONLY employee I could find to ask.  No one stocking shelves.  No one wandering the aisles.  Not a soul.  For a large store it has often felt very empty...granted I've always been after dark.  Still, its a pain, especially with their quirky design, to find what one is looking for.  I'm getting better though.  And, so far, this is the best I've found.  Though they, too, don't stock the thick wheat noodles we like. Sad face.Prices are fair.  Almost forgot about that.All said, we'll be back.  And maybe someday I'll have more to add here.
5	Glad to have an Asian market close to my home. I have been to many different market such as this one. This is by far one of the cleanest Asian markets that I have been to. The store settles in a nice location. I was able to find everything I wanted. Things that cannot be brought at American stores us as Walmart or Target. Will be back for my "special Asian food and species". ;)
