3	Solid 3-3.5 star spot!  I think the RIGHT burger could have pushed me to a 4 personally.It's almost a "hood burger" being on E Flamingo, without the super cheap prices and/or the home cookin' hospitality.  Don't get me wrong, it's not expensive by any means, just not a Fat Boy for instance.I went with the Pastrami Burger ($7.95): Chili, Swiss Cheese, Mustard & Pickle. SOLID burger, cooked to MR+ with initial juices on the squeeze.  The chili is pretty good too and was the highlight of the burger for me :)  The burger also had lots of mustard...just wish the pastrami was a little more flavorful to compensate. It was cut thick, a bit chewy, and did not have the crispy / caramelized edges I love...reminded me of a less rendered pork belly / bacon consistency.  It definitely got hidden in the burger/chili combination, until you had to chew it up separately of course, since the rest of the burger melts in your mouth in comparison.Also ordered the Chili Cheese Fries ($3.95). Didn't realize the Pastrami Burger already came with Chili, so I was quite overloaded with it LOL. These were topped off with LOTS of Cheez Whiz...good stuff!  A bit heavy in the end...I'd share with someone bigger than a 2yr old :P I also got to try Roger's Garlic Parmesan Fries...these were pretty tasty!  TONS of parmesan cheese clumped up in small bits, with a good amount of garlic flavor.  Recommended :)With burger, chili cheese fries and a drink, I was at $15.  This felt fair in my book, but perhaps you guys should consider a combo meal (Roger's idea)?  One of the tame burgers, basic fries and a fountain drink for $9.95 for instance?I am sure I will be back to try another burger since it isn't too far from the strip :)
4	Solid burger joint!Ever since I saw the picture of the Bulgogi Burger I couldn't wait to try it. It just so happens I was just down the street from there so it's got to be destiny right? Located off of East Flamingo with Eastern being the main cross street, look for this place where McGoo's is just right off the street.As I walk in I couldn't help but notice just how spacious the interior was so not enough seating was not gonna be an issue. If you refer to my pic, you could probably throw in some more tables and chairs if you wanted to.So I order the Bulgogi Burger (7.75) and accompanied it with Garlic Parmesan Fries (2.99). I already had bottled water with me so no need to get a drink. My total came out to 11 bucks and some change. Not really what I wanted to spend for lunch but my excuse was that it was a new place so prices the first time around usually don't scare me away unless the food and/or service is really bad.Ok so the Bulgogi Burger looks as good as the picture. You get a 1/3 pound angus beef patty, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and bulgogi beef to top it off on a decent bun. From the looks and taste of it, it looks like they season their beef while it is cooking. I asked them how the usually cook their patties and the guy said medium by default unless otherwise requested. The saltiness of the marinated beef was a good compliment to the beef patty. This burger does not come with ketchup or mustard but on every table there are ketchup and mustard bottles. If you want sriracha, tabasco, or A1 steak sauce, it is on their counter. Not sure if all their burgers don't come with sauces as a standard so I guess I will find out next time.The Garlic Parmesan Fries were very good. They make sure to coat each individual fry with grated parmesan cheese and garlic powder. I enjoyed it very much. My Yelp buddy Shawn H got the Chili Cheese Fries and man it looked good. Definitely refer to the pic he posted.Service was pleasant from start to end. They greeted me as I walked in, took my order, and brought it out in a timely manner. They even asked me if I needed anything as they were cleaning up other tables beside me.From their menu you can see that they have other items like wings, salad, and extras to add on to your burger. I think next time I will try their wings. I think its like 8 pieces for 9 bucks and you can add fries for an extra dollar.So all in all my first experience was pleasant. They havnt had a grand opening yet so hopefully that is in the works. Maybe they can have some kind of lunch special so you don't go over 10 bucks for a burger, fries, and drink combo? That would be sweet. I would consider this a gourmet type of place. 4 stars for the first experience. We will see how it holds up the second time around down the road sometime.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #89
5	One of the the only few places where the pictures of the burgers and the actual burgers are as tasty as they look. When you first walk in you're greeted right away. Their service is great. They do a swell job in explaining the different burgers and which ones they recommend. Through a few minutes of debating on which burger, we decided to get the guac and the pastrami burger. The pastrami burger was really hearty and filling. The burger itself looked just as it did in the pictures. The chili was so good! I really wished I tried the chili fries. Overall a very good burger.My favorite was the guac burger. The guacamole in the burger was perfecto! I'd probably get this every time if I didn't want to try the other burgers. They have a big variety of drinks for everyone from juice to Starbucks ice coffee and canned soda. I'll definitely be coming back again. Seriously close enough for a short lunch break if you go to unlv. So gooooood!
5	For starters this restaurant is very precise when it comes to advertising the pictures and from the actual food identical!! And taste just as good as they look. So far I've tried the A1 burger, cheezesteak, and the crispy chick; All of burgers are finger licking GOOD!! I definitely consider them gourmet burgers. The fries are fresh, crispy, and also tasty. So far I've had the regular fries and chili cheese fries. Wow the chili cheese fries not such a big fan of chili cheese but their chili is absolutely unbearable. The Service is by far great, fast, and accurate. The menu it's self is simple and easy to understand which is a plus!! The cooks are unbelievable fast and still manage to assure the quality of the burger is just as delicious as the picture. Prices are fair you pay for what you get which is high quality burgers. As for the cleanliness I give them a 10. (I dislike dirty restrooms or booths!). The Burger lab team are extremely nice and are more than happy to recommend their finest burgers and explain each one. Friendly environment!I will obviously be coming back to try different burgers!
5	I decided to try after seeing great reviews on Yelp.  This place just opened about a week and a half ago from today I found out.  The burgers are fresh, well-crafted and delicious.  The menu is unique and has a variety of different kinds of burgers, something for everyone.  Living in Vegas, there are not many burger places that are not a chain burger place so this is a great local find.
5	All I have to say is that the gourmet burgers are awesome!!! I've been there twice now and every time have been completely satisfied!! The Hot Chicken Wings are sooo good and child friendly lol my 7 year old loved them. You can add fries to your order of wings for $1.. WooHooo score!!The cheese fries are so good that you wont want to leave any on your plate. The Burgers are HUGE!! I have to say that this place makes the patties on the spot for each burger, never frozen ... so everything is fresh and made when its ordered.!!. The guacamole burger is delicious and I'm in love with it ;)The restaurants name really fits their service because its like when you place your order they start creating it. Employees are nice, they greet you once you walk in.Nice music fills the air along with the delicious smells of the food cooking.The restaurant is clean and there's a lot of seating area.   Also no issue with parking, big lot out front :)   I will be returning soon!! The Burger Lab Rocks
4	Well, there is no question that the food is good. But the service is slow and unorganized. For being one of only three people in the store, it took about 10 long minutes to get my food. But based on my observation, it seems that the two guys working here are the owners as well who just began their operations in this business.They seem relatively new and still kinda conforming into managing this place. Nevertheless, I see potential since the food is pretty good. But there is still a lot of organization to improve on.
5	Seriously the guacamole burger is the bomb if you love avocado and a little citrus that is the thing to eat. Their establishment is a new but I see so much potential in it. I love that you order up front and they bring the food to you great customer service and you feel a chill vibe. Definitely ill be a regular their
5	This place what can I say mind blowing ! This new  undiscovered burger place is my new burger joint. What really surprised me was how the picture looked exactly same when it was served on my table. Best burgers I have had yet. There guacamole burger is something so fabulous and so tasty I can't even describe. Not to mention the location is perfect, few blocks down from UNLV I will be coming here often for lunch now.
4	I only leave reviews if I think there is good value and good food. I had the gulgogi burger, 5 orange wings and 5 sweet chili wings. You know its a good burger when there is no need to add any condiments.  I will be going back can't wait to try a different burger.
5	If you love hamburgers this is the best in town! Top quality ingredients and the burger is delicious. Fries are large and seasoned well. Highly recommend if you are looking for a 5 star burger in Vegas!
3	Initial Score 3 stars. A-OK I do hope the owner has an open mind and takes some of the criticism to heart in refining what could be a 4 star treat with just a little love.I ordered the classic american burger as I always do when I try a burger place for the first time.  The Classic allows you to taste the burger itself without bulgogi, bacon, cheez whiz, and other ingredients masking the meat.   Don't misunderstand me, you can have some tasty gourmet burgers but to tell the truth a rice cake would taste good if you threw enough sauce, cheese, korean bbq and spices on it. (No offense to those of you who like plain rice cakes.)My burger arrived and to be quite honest with you, I was both happy and disappointed in what I saw.  Happy = clearly the owner or chef insists on fresh ingredients.  The lettuce, tomato, pickles etc were clearly good quality and fresh.  However, this leads to the disappointment.  When I get a burger, I don't want 2 tons of lettuce, a tomato and pickles falling all over the place and sticking out of the bun.  The only mess I want in a burger is juice and sauce coming out with each bite.  I had to remove quite a bit of lettuce just to get the burger to the point I could hold the bun without my hand being filed with sauce covered greenery.   Helpful owner tip, use less of the toppings or trim them before serving, you will save money and customers will be happy.So I spent a minute or two trimming the burger.  The bun looked toasted and sturdy with a springy interior.  I went to take a bite and bammm.  Nothing.  Just a bite of bun.   It took about 2 bites on any side to get to the burger.   I don't care how big your patties are (No offense, Patty) but the first thought that goes through any burger connoisseur's head in this situation is the restaurant skimped on the burger.  (not true here) Helpful owner tip - Bun too big, get smaller buns. So I finally bit into the burger.  The taste of bun, sauce, cheese, tomato, lettuce and patty was good, if a little on the salty side. But I immediately could taste the problem I was hoping to avoid.  To make sure I wasn't just out thinking my pallet, i took a piece of patty from inside.  Lesson to burger creators.  A good hamburger is not just a chunk of meat flattened and rounded.  It must have seasoning, it must be cooked right, and most of all, it must have seasoning AND be cooked right.  To me, cooked right for a burger means just about medium with any error on the slightly pink side.  I knew, from the time it took to get my burger, it was going to be overcooked. 10 minutes cooking time for a thin patty is too long.  Sure enough, there wasn't a spot of pink to be found.  As for flavor, the meat itself had nothing to offer but a hint of pepper.  There were no negative feelings toward the burger, rather, there just wasn't anything that made me go, yum, give me more of that juicy burger.  In fact, there was very little "juice" in my burger.  Helpful owner tip, cook burger slightly shorter and maybe sear it a little more first.  Oh yeah, MORE SEASONING IN THE BURGER.I did enjoy the overall combination of flavor but could not finish the bun and some lettuce/tomato hence, wasted food, something I was raised to avoid.Which leads to the rest of the experience.  The cheese fries were simply limp fries covered in what appeared to be a cheeze whiz or velveeta substance that was ok but I wouldn't order it again. 2 stars.The chips and salsa were not only unexpected but they were actually quite tasty and I want to say they were homemade as one or two of the chips still had that softness to it only homemade gets.  4 stars on the chips.Service - 4 star - It appears to be family run and the owner or manager was friendly, the waitress was great.  I was offered ice cream at the end, I am not sure if it would have been complimentary or not but I declined because I was full and did not find out.  I do apologize to the waitress.  You pay first here and when I got up to leave I totally forgot to leave a tip since I didn't get a check.   She did clear my place and bring my food and I will likely go back next week and give her a tip but I just realized it as I was writing this review.Restaurant. - Ok the entrepreneur in me hates wasted space and the entire "lobby" of this restaurant is empty.  There is a refrigerator and a biiiiig emptyness.  Helpful restaurant tip - put up a rack or two and sell t-shirts, seasoning packets, barbecue sauce, etc.   It will make money and fill the space.The place was pretty clean.  Napkins come with your order and are skimpy and look like folded paper towelThe soda machine was not working so I was forced to buy canned soda.  Also I didn't see any unsweetened tea or bottled water (it could have been there, but i just didn't see it).  Good drink selection though.So here is hoping some of these tips are adopted by the owner as this place has potential.  Remember, its not whats on the burger, its whats in the burger.\
5	Great place, with super friendly service and delicious burgers at a super reasonable price.  Very fresh ingredients.  It definitely feels like a work in progress right now since they just opened, but I'll be back and I look forward to seeing what they do with the place.
5	Do not be fooled by the outside appearance of this hamburger joint! This is the new place to eat! Burgers are huge and tasty. I love this place and will definitely be coming back for more. The inside looks a little empty like it needs some decoration or a special touch of some thing but the food is what counts.
2	Its just too mediocre. I got my hopes up walking into this place because it wasn't a chain operation--can't justify trying them again though
4	I'd always prefer to spend my money and support local businesses so the negative rant can (and should) be discarded;I ordered the regular burger (American) and the Garlic & parm fries. I waited a little over 20 minutes for the food. The fries are just frozen fries with parmigian cheese and garlic powder and the burger was pretty good. The soda fountain is out of order so canned soda it was. It was 110 degrees outside and 108 degrees inside. Now the reason I disregard the negative points mentioned above is because the owner (or I think it is) is taking orders and cooking with the help of his mom (or I think she is) and serving the food. So as an ex entrepreneur I can understand when times are tough why there is no soda fountain (syrop is expensive and you have minimums to order) and why the AC is on "energy saving mode" and when you cant afford employees you do it all. As I type this review the owner/server/cook came up to me and ofered complimentary ice cream. I thought it was because he caught me writing on Yelp and wanted to make an impression for a good review. Lol. But I saw him asking every table. Over all the service, though slow, was very good and the food is not bad at all. Its fresh and the place is very clean. The only thing that bugged me the most was the stripper wanna-be who sat behind me with her boy and had the most obnoxious perfume on her. I lost my sense of smell for a week. In support for our local businesses I will come back and recommend you go try it if you haven't already.
5	Great local burger joint!!! I got the Bulgogi burger and my bf got the A1 burger. They were both delicious!!! No complaints. And the fries were so addicting!!! Perfect texture and perfect size! We were giving complementary chips and salsa while waiting for our food and was offered Thrifty ice cream after we were done with our meal. Will definitely come back again!
5	The food is great, the service was friendly, and the place is clean. From how it looks outside to the photos of the burgers, what you see is what you get (and more!).Ordered the Guacamole Burger and it was excellent. It was large, had fresh ingredients, and the guacamole is spot on!  The guac/bacon combo made me happy.  Like!My friend had the Bulgogi Burger. Huge serving, fresh ingredients, and he described it as "Juicy", as a burger should be. Like!Had the 10-yr old order the A-1 Burger and chili fries. He described it as "INCREDIBLE!" Like!I'm a big fan of burgers, I've spent $11-$50 for "specialty" burgers and this place won't disappoint as the average price is around $7.50 per burger. This is worth the try.Note: They played cartoons on their TV screen, gave complimentary ice cream at the end (no tricky extra charges here, you pay after you order then have your food served to you). They surprsingly had Rainbow sorbet for the kid. Definitely a great place for families and kids.
2	Just skip this place. I came here because it was 4 stars on yelp. Needless to say I was disappointed. The burger was just okay at best and the garlic fries were just to much of whatever it was. I had the avacodo bacon burger. This was one messy burger. Carl's Jr would be proud. The bacon was really good, the meat on the burger was just okay and everything else way just a little over board as it was almost hard to eat the way it was constucted. At one point I did take the burger apart just to taste the meat. Which was okay at best. The parm garlic fries where almost on eatable with the amount of garlic and parm it had on them. If I were to go back here I would aviod these at all cost. I won't have worry about this as nothing about this place was remarkable even though it is only walking distance from where I am staying I don't think I will be back.
5	I've been here three times. I've had the Guacamole burger, the Pastrami Burger and the Philly Cheese Steak burger! My only criticism? I can't choose which one is the best! The Guacamole and Pastrami were certainly a manwich! They are all fresh and delicious. The Philly was so cheesy I had to wipe my mustache after each bite because it would be full of cheese! In a supposed world class town service is often lacking. Here, it's like you're family... in a good loving family... not the kind you see on Jerry Springer. I've taken two different people and they love it as well. It's worth the short trip from anywhere in Vegas to try this place!
4	I was looking for a burger joint near my apartment the other day and I came across this newly opened burger lab.  So I told my wife about it and we decided to try it out.   The burgers looked amazing from some of the reviews, so I was definitely curious! Guy at the counter seems very friendly.  I ordered the 1UP burger but with an extra hamburger patty, since the 1UP is a vegie burger.  But don't knock their quasi patty that's actually a giant mushroom. YES, it was delicious! oooey goooey goodness.  It was a bit messy to eat, but it was very good.  I'm not a big burger fan, but I am now a fan of the 1UP!  My wife ordered the Cheezsteak.  She said it was a bit salty, so they might want to put something in there that balances the saltiness of the cheese.  We also ordered the garlic fries! That also didn't disappoint.  All in all, my only complaint is, when we went there, it was REALLY hot in the joint, I think only one AC vent was open and that was the one by the door.  We ended up not eating in and just getting our food to go.  Guy at the counter did offer us some ice cream before we headed out, which was very nice of him. He also mentioned that they are going to be expanding the menu to include other great foods.  Oh, and they give you some fresh made chips and salsa while you wait, which is always a plus!! All in all, great new neighborhood burger joint.  Can't wait to try the chicken wings next time.  I'll update next time I go! I hope this place really flourish. :-)
5	This place is spacious!! Guys here are great. Gravy fries are bomb. Guacamole burger was filled with deliciousness. Pretty sure all their burgers are great. Service was pretty fast. We only waited a couple minutes. Probably be here often, since I work by the area. Getting tired of Subway, and Carls Jr.
5	The food and the service was great. A good kick it spot for friends and family. Plan on going back soon.
5	This place is great. I found this place via yelp and the reviewers were spot on. 4.5 stars. Food was great especially the bulgogi burger, blt burger, American burger,  bbq wings, and parmesan fries. Owner and his mom are excellent people. Salsa and chips are warm and fresh...seriously fresh!  Hope this place does well. Worth driving off the strip for.
5	This place was a very pleasant surprise. A1 burger is so good and the service was amazing.
4	Salsa and chips before meal nice touch, but salsa is really watered down  chips are really good , wish salsa would be more like a pico de gallo. But hamburgers are still very pleasing. And still this place does not have any coke bottles with my name on it....smh
5	My husband loves burger joints and just searched yelp and found this. I was honestly weary walking in because it looks like a hole in the wall but good lord the burgers here are heaven. I got the As burger and my husband got the guacamole burger.  He got the garlic parm fries and I got the onions rings. These are gourmet burgers at fast food prices. PLUS they bring out chips and salsa beforehand and FREE Thrifty ice cream afterwards....what??? We're coming again and with friends!!!!
5	Diners, drive-in's and dives should come here!  These burgers are simply amazing.  I can't wait to come back again and try the rest of the menu.  The staff were super friendly and even gave us free ice cream after our meal which I'm pretty sure was from Thrifty Ice cream which is my favorite.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  The portions are large and the flavors are fantastic.  If you love burgers than this is your new favorite spot!  I'll be back with all of my family and friends very soon.
5	Amazing! !  Had the Bulgogi. Recommend this place to all Vegas foodies. And I'm a local Chef.  Great service.. Great food.. Great location.  And ice cream??  What more could you ask for. My new fix.
4	I bookmarked this because I saw fellow Yelper Roger check in at this place. After Roger said it was tasty and I saw the pics on Yelp I knew the hubby and I would love it. We happened to be on that side of town for a doctors appointment and were early and hungry so we stopped in. Burger Lab is set far back in a very unassuming strip mall. You may think they only serve burgers, but they have so much more! We were greeted by a friendly guy and he asked if this was our first time there. I said "yes, we heard good things about you on Yelp." He started telling us about the menu. Not only do they have amazing sounding burgers, but they have Carne Asada fries and even Pupusas! I couldn't pass up the Carne Asada fries. Joel ordered the Cheesesteak Burger. I also really loved that they had other diet options when it came to soda. Yay! We grabbed our cold cans of Coke Zeroes and found a booth. While waiting for our food they brought us out a basket filled with fresh chips and homemade salsa. It was really tasty! Totally reminded me of my mom's salsa. We were both sad when the chips were gone. But not for long cause the rest of our order came out. Wow! My Carne Asada Fries were huge! They were served in big pasta plate. The fries were covered in cheese sauce (my fav), beans, loads of Carne Asada, guacamole and sour cream. I really loved that they served them with limes. Very authentic! Joel's Cheesesteak Burger was huge as well. It was literally dripping in cheese sauce. He didn't even know were to start. Super messy!  The burger and toppings were bountiful and tasty. My only complaint would be please turn up the air! It was super hot and I sweated the whole time. Other then that the food rocked and I love that they offer more then just burgers. That was a great surprise. I can't wait to check Burger Lab out again for all their other culinary gems!
5	This place was BOMB! I don't know why you'd waste your money on smash burger. Generous portions, amazing diff burgers with spices I've never even heard of. You can build a burger as well. Variety. Probably one of the best burger joints around.
4	Came here today for lunch because of the yelp reviews. Place was surprisingly empty even though the reviews have been great. Place was clean and the staff was friendly. The prices were OK, not too expensive but not cheap either. I got the bulgogi with a soda and it came out to be a little over 10 bucks.The burger: Buns were a little dry but serviceable, would have loved to see them butter it a tiny bit. Bulgogi was very tender If not a tiny bit salty. The patty itself was slightly over medium but still flavorful and not dry. Overall it was a good burger, didn't blow my socks off but still a good gourmetish burger with interesting toppings. Will have to try some of their other interesting offerings. Side note, they give you chips and salsa while you wait and some Ice cream after your meal! All for free, so it definitely increases your value. All in all a solid burger joint, the toppings make it better than average. Recommend it for lunch if you're close by!
4	Really great spot for burgers. The burgers are really tasty and I loved the garlic fries. The owner (I think) means really well, but the service is SO slow. I'm fine with running next door to swipe cards, but I had to get up and ask for water several times (we're in a desert!). Maybe it's time to hire someone, it's a good thing!
3	I've had this place bookmarked for months, but live way on the other side of town. Recently had the opportunity to hit this place for dinner and was a little underwhelmed. Service is polite, location is pretty basic and bare-bones and menu is exciting but didn't quite deliver.BULGOGI BURGER: Good choice. Thick, hearty burger patty with flavorful 'gogi for a pleasant combination of flavors. The American cheese was an odd pairing but somehow, it worked.CHEESESTEAK BURGER: Swimming in cheese, I thought I would love this. The mushrooms, onions, and pepper mixture was a little on the bland side but combined with the cheese sauce it was tasty. But the mixture somehow just didn't combine with the burger component. It felt like two separate dishes on one plate. GARLIC PARMESAN FRIES: Large portion, lots of parm, but no garlic. Really bummed, since I miss garlic fries from living in the Bay area where they're  all over the place. I'm also not a huge fan of skinny-cut fries but mostly I was just underwhelmed by the lack of garlic.I'd stop by this place again, and I would try another few of their burgers. Signage outside indicates that they also sell some Mexican foods which I thought was a little odd and may be overreaching, but staff was Hispanic which may explain why they added those particular dishes.
5	Little hard to find but worth the journey. Ill definitely be back again to try more of whats on the menu. Great service and great food. Go down and try it for yourself.
5	Went with my girl here before heading to the strip.  Burgers were both Juicy and flavorfull.  We both Especially liked the bulgogi.  Garlic parm frys were good too.  Nice and crispy and were cooked in fresh oil.  I would come here again.
5	Burgers are my fav and yours are bomb. I had the guacamole burger. A huge fatty party with delish house made guac. (Sorry if I insulted asking if it was one of those squeeze tube guacs). Seriously-- good burger. Fries are large and shareable so make sure to do so. My husband got their bulgogi burger and he said it was very good. We will be back!
5	I just had the best burger in my life!!!  This place is awesome and I can't wait to go back again.  We went around 3:30 in the afternoon and the place was empty which was surprising but still the burgers are delicious!!!  I had the bulgogi burger and it was so full of flavor.  Patty was the perfect size and u can get a dbl patty but I don't think I would have finished it.   The cashier/server was really nice and he even recommended the bulgogi burger to me which did not disappoint.  He even brought us some fresh chips and salsa which was sooo good I had to ask for seconds.  We also ordered some wings which where perfect and not all greasy like others and some cheese fries to top it off.
5	Quaint place with BIG FLAVORS!! Totally worth the drive from Henderson. They give you in-house made chips & salsa while you wait for your food. I got the AWESOME Cheesesteak Burger & the scrumptious Parmesan Fries. I can't wait to be back & try another great burger from this joint!!!
5	I've found the holy grail of Las Vegas burger joints! I tried the A1 and bulgogi burger, and the garlic parmesean fries. Needless to say, I am so happy to have found this hidden gem.
5	Today was my first time trying this place!  A friend recommended it last week and I had to try it!  I got the bulgogi burger and it was phenomenal!  Can't go wrong with tender and juicy!  The owner was our server for the night.  He was extremely attentive and very friendly!  One of my cousins wanted a bulgogi burger without onion, but we were told the onion was already mixed in.  Next thing you know, the food arrived and we're told by the owner that he tried his best to pick out all of the onions for her!  After finishing our meal, we were brought over free ice cream!  Amazing first experience!  Highly recommend!
5	First time here and it is delicious! Got the American burger and it was nice and juicy! Also got a side of fries and they were seasoned well! They offer free chips and salsa and the salsa was amazing. It had a good spice to it to add the taste! Definitely a go to place for me!
4	The Bulgolgi burger was delicious! The chips and salsa before the meal is a nice addition. Plus ice cream after. A great meal for the price. I would definitely come back. And my boyfriend loved his American burger
5	Awesome food. . Delicious burgers and wings! Family run. . Great food and wonderful for groups!
1	It was absolutely disgusting. I think I had the bulgogi burger and it was covered in this gelatinous muck. The garlic parm fries were covered in salt and over cooked. The guys there seemed nice but I will not be returning!
3	If I could I would bump this up to 3.5 stars but the reality is that the Burger is a 4 star burger but the sides, service and storefront make it a 3.  I tried the A-1 Aioli Burger.  The Burger was fantastic.  The bun better than last time, sturdier and less stale tasting.  I thought, as last time, that the seasoning was lacking but in this case it worked as I got to enjoy the flavorful meat of the burger.  We ordered the gravy fries which were, sadly, disappointing.  Flooded in gravy that was more like gray water than a flavorful delight.  The fries were fresh but soggy and, pet peeve of mine, served without utensils. Seriously, how do you eat soggy fries in gravy without a fork.  Several napkin trips later we were able to finish and leave.The wasted space and lack of soda machine or tea choices remained an issue and quite honestly, although the tables were clean, the floors and the restroom were not up to my standards.This could be a 4+ star establishment if they would put some pride into the location. They do put pride in the burgers and the chips though and that is appreciated.
4	Very good.burgers. the chili chz fries ess lil over powering, and the wings were delicious.
5	Amazing! Best burger in town! Parm fries are excellent, and burgers big n juicy. Go here!
5	Thumbs up to the chef I had the Bulging burger and it was awsome so flavorful.   I have a lot of respect for a chef that uses the best ingredients.   The lettuce was of good quality and the buns were tasty the burger was juicy. I  would have expected to pay more for my burger, there serving up gourmet burger place with a regular burger feel.  I most definitely will be back.
4	I don't think I would have ever thought of putting bulgogi and american cheese together to make a burger but I'm really glad these people did!  I wasn't crazy about paying almost eight bucks for a burger at first but I thought the novelty might make it worth a little extra and it did.  On top of that I never expected to get chips and salsa, pretty good chips and salsa at that, while I was waiting for my burger so this was a nice find.   Find is a good word for it too because it does not really stick out waaaayyyy back there in the little strip mall.  Friday nights are busy there but Saturdays seem to be okay.
1	I had high hopes for this place from reading the reviews... Unfortunately it was not good. I ordered the guacamole burger w fries. The bun was stale n the burger was difficult and messy to eat. There was an unnecessary amount of chipotle mayo which made it harder to eat. Yuckkkkk who the hell wants an half a bottle of mayo on a burger!?!?!!! The fries were also stale n old n gross. Needless to say I think carls jr would've been the better option.
2	This place wasn't what I expected.  First I had trouble finding it BC the sign was taken down in front of the store.  Had high hopes from other yelpers.  When I got there the smell was off putting it smelled like dirty stale water.  The food came out and it looked nice but when u took a bite the burger was overlooked and very salty  I had the bacon cheese burger with a garlic aioli   There was garlic aioli on both sides of the bread. Was too much.  The cheese fries were not that hot.  Yelpers might have gotten this one wrong. BC I have had my share of burgers and I wouldn't go back to get a burger from this place.  The lady employee was really nice. That was the only bright spot.
5	Legit spot!!! In a little strip mall not busy but the food was bomb. I got the BLT burger fantastic- my wife got the Bolgoria burger or what ever the best sellers called. So good!! Recommend-
5	This place is Legit!I had the Guacamole Burger & it was full of flavor.Bacon was crispy & greasy, just like I like it.Also ordered the Buffalo chick w/ a side a ranch & it was huge.Don't forget to order a mexican bottle coke!One of the best spots in LV for a juicy burg.
5	Follow them on instagram. Had to try their burgers because the make it look so good on their pictures. Great burger. But they can use a better bun.
5	Had the guacamole burger and was blown away! $7.95 gets you a burger that will kick some serious ass
