4	Finally!  Cinco!  It really is open!  A few months ago the sign went up.  A few weeks ago the sign was covered.  At that point, thought it was another restaurant that would never open. Yesterday the sign was uncovered.  Yesterday it opened.Stopped in for a late lunch.   The place was nearly empty.  Lot's of tables.  Wonder if the kitchen will be able to keep up with all of these tables?A Mexican restaurant with some very traditional meals.  The menu has Especiales Monterrey (Tex Mex) meals; burritos, tacos, chimichanga.The Sopa Azteca is a popular traditional soup that has tortilla strips, avocado slices, green pepper, cheese and some sour cream.  Very enjoyable.  Have notice this style of soup with some variations at a few other restaurants lately.The Chilaquiles con asada is probably traditionally a breakfast item but also great for lunch.  It has crispy tortillas covered with a green salsa, onions, and some cheese. The green salsa was very good and full of flavor.  The steak was thin but juicy and flavorful with some hints of pepper.  Our waiter was great.  He stopped by many times.  He let us know that the liquor license should be available in a few days.  He gave us some chips and two salsas.  The queso, which was almost addicting, and an avocado, which was not as spicy as most other restaurants but very good and in a more traditional Mexican style. A nice additional to the neighborhood.
2	I can't tell you how much I wanted to like this place. We've been counting down the days until it opened. So I'm deeply sad to report that I'm very much "Meh" on the place. In fact, I'm borderline "Eeek". The service was just plain ol' bad. We were left waiting forever for most things. Water's asked for, never came, we sat and watched our margarita's at the bar ($7.50 each) a good 10 minutes before they made it too our table and my daughters order was completely wrong.  Oh and did I mention the Mexican holiday music and it's not even Halloween yet. Argh. The thing that really burns me about the lack of service is the manager (I'm making an educated guess that the man behind the bar, ringing checks but doing little else, was the manager, never helped any of the servers, who all looked in the weeds the entire time. No one asked how our meal was. We were never checked on. We were asked if we wanted another Margarita when we asked for our check. We probably would have had another 20 minutes ago. Had I left drunk, perhaps today's review would have been kinder! As for the food, utterly forgettable. Chips, good. Salsa, so-so. (And don't expect them to come to your table for free, oh no, there's a $2.50 charge for that.) Guacamole ($4), bland (note to Cinco, there are other ingredients in guac other then avocados!) My husband had shrimp fajitas ($15.50) . Meh. I asked if they could make me a vegetarian burrito. I asked for cheese. Nope! I got onions and peppers with a couple of black beans and zero sides. It was beneath Chipotle for twice the price. It also always burns me when they charge me the same as the meat option when I didn't get anything instead. Add a little guacamole or cheese instead of the meat or charge me less. Anyhow... $12.00. My daughter went off menu and asked for a bean, rice and cheese burrito. Sounds easy? Wrong. She got a burrito loaded with onions and peppers just like mine. The second attempt? A tortilla with just black beans. What? Booo! Although none of us enjoyed ourselves, we may wait a month or two and give Cinco one more try because they are new and so close. Maybe. Or Maybe not.
3	Reboot!Make way for a new menu.  Smaller menu and probably more to the tastes of what most in this area think of as Mexican food.Stopped by a couple of weeks ago and they had stopped making most items and only had some tacos, burritos and a few other simple items on the menu.  Was told to stop back in a few weeks. The new menu seems to be shorter and has some interesting items.   Notice they still have the Sopa Azteca, really good last time but decided not to order since not real hungry.  Ordered the Lomitos Majahual, a marinated port in a red sauce served with rice, beens and a salad.  Received 3 tortillas, so you can stuff a tortilla or eat it off the plate.  The food was hot and good.  The pork was 4 large chunks with a nice tasting red sauce.  One piece of the pork seemed to be overcooked, but the rest not. Not sure how that happens.  You can also get a beer or Margarita with your meal.It was not busy but I still think later, when this place gets crowded, it will be hard to get the food out fast enough with so many tables.
4	I've been eager to try Cinco having lived in Mexico for a few months and having traveled there many times. After reading so many negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it was crowded and the service was a bit slow, but overall the whole experience was good.It is definitely not your typical Pittsburgh/Mexican menu. There is no list of 50 combination platters, which is good thing in my book. And there are a variety of dishes beyond the standards you can find on every Mexican menu in the area.  I had the chicken enchiladas with salsa verde. Very tasty. The one disappointing dish was the sopa azteca. Despite listing garnishes on the menu, the soup did not come with them.
1	We went on a Sunday evening, and initially only a few others at the restaurant.  We were seated quickly, but had to wait about 10 minutes to have anyone bring menus or drinks.  Once someone showed up, service was quick with bringing drinks.  We ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer.  Food and appetizer came out at the same time, very quickly, but wouldn't have ordered the chips had we known they would bring them with our dinner.I love Mexican food, and have never had chips and salsa that was bad...until now!  They were so bland, I had 1 taste and yuck!  Tried one more and still  awful.  Salsa was without taste, just substance.  Chips were rubbery.I had 3 tacos (shredded chicken) beans and rice.  It was not good.  Shredded chicken was not very shredded, mostly big chunks and spiced hot, but no flavor.  Rice and beans were adequate.  All very bland.  My husband and I both said  a few minutes into the meal Taco Bell is better.  No one ever returned to the table.  No drink refills, ( taco's were hot and finished drink after 1st one). And then when we were done could not get anyone to come by with bill.  Kept signaling waiter, put on coats, stood up with arms crossed and keys in hand, no one came by.   After 15 minutes or so, went to cash register and paid.  The guy who checked us out apologized that we had to come to  cash register, and was very nice.  Disappointed, restaurant is close by and would have went frequently.  But food is  bland, and service was terrible.
3	Good tasting bean soup & chick-pea soup. Service was relatively quick.
2	We stopped in late on a Monday evening. The food was good. Unfortunately the service left a lot to be desired. The waitress did not know the menu at all. She brought one of our party only part of his meal. Even if the waitress didn't know what was to be included, the kitchen staff should have caught it. Our server never stopped back to check on us unless we went to find her. Basics such as filling water glasses were ignored. It's not like the place was busy. There was only one other occupied table. I said the food was good, but it was far from great. Unfortunately for the owners there are a couple of excellent Mexican places a few minutes away. Casa Mendoza on Mt. Lebanon Blvd. comes to mind. They've been open long enough that the staff should have their act together. I'd like to see them succeed, but to do so they will need to make a few changes.
4	It might be hard to believe but we felt moving from Columbus a few years ago, that we'd taken a step backwards in the quality of Tex-Mex and Mexican food available to us.  We were pretty excited about California Taco but it was gone too soon for no reason I could begin to understand.  Now we have another option in Cinco.  It's pretty much what you'd expect for Americanized Mexican food in decor, but I found the food to be very tasty.  I had the veggie burrito which was a very simple collection of grilled vegetables in a wrap with no heavy sauces or obscene amounts of cheese.  What it did have was an spicy jalapeno sauce on top (I requested they add jalapenos so perhaps that is why) that was a great mix of spicy and tasty.We'll be back soon.
4	Came here on a Friday night.  This is a kid friendly place, for those with children. Although there was a screaming 1 yr old that made things a bit unbearable for a short time, but that's not the fault of the restaurant.  We got a table in a dark corner of the restaurant.  Had a nice waiter who was knowledgeable and friendly.  I had the Michelada, which is like a Bloody Mary with beer.  Be sure to give this a really good stir before you pour the entire beer in, otherwise it will be very salty and spicy.  Its different, I'd order it again.  For the main, I got the Puerco en Salsa Verde.  It was excellent.  Very flavorful and off the beaten path from most Mexican restaurants.  My bf had the La Parrilla skillet.  He thought it was good, but didn't think it was that anything special.  This place is close, so I would come here again.  Give it another go.
2	A group of 6 of us went to Cinco on a Tuesday night, and the restaurant was about half full. A hurried waitress eventually came to the table saying she had been called in because they only had one person on staff that night and the bar tender was now helping to serve food. It took more than 30 minutes for the first round of drinks to arrive at the table, after we asked about them twice. One of the six had ordered an appetizer for her entree and it came out ahead of the other food about 15 minutes later, and it was cold and awful (empanadas). At this point we were considering leaving. Another 10 minutes or so passed and the rest of the food came out. We also told the waitress that the appetizer came out cold and she asked if we wanted to send it back. We did not have another hour to wait for the food to be remade. The rest of the food was pretty good though! Among us, we had burritos, tacos, etc. and we all enjoyed the food. When the bill came, I would have thought they might take off the appetizer given the wait and it was cold, but no such luck. Better service would have led to a much better review. The waitress was very nice, but it did not make up for the long wait and food that was good, but certainly not great. Also, I know this place has changed restaurants multiple times over the years, but it does not appear have been renovated in the least.
4	We had been planning on trying Cinco for awhile, but we were hesitant after reading some of the reviews regarding the less-than-stellar service.  So our second choice was to stop by Cinco on a Friday evening after our first choice had too long of a wait.  And we are glad we did.  Whatever service problems that may existed early on, there's no evidence of those problems now. (Note that most of the "poor service" reviews were shortly after they opened.) Our waiter was pleasant, knowledgeable, and attentive.  Yes, he was busy and had plenty of tables but it didn't affect us: our young children would have made sure to let us know if the service took too long.  Our food was very good.  The fish tacos were as good as any as I've had and even typical sides like rice and refried beans, which I don't typically expect all that much from, tasted remarkably good.  Somebody earlier complained about the chips and salsa but we loved them.  The chips were crispy and the salsa tasted very fresh.  Next time we want to go to a Mexican restaurant in the area, this will be our first choice.
3	We went to eat Cinco on a Thursday for dinner.  The food was about average compared to other Mexican restaurants we have eaten at in Pittsburgh.  I ordered the Cinco tacos and thought they were pretty good, but my wife got the enchiladas and she thought they were just average.  We also ordered their chips and salsa which we thought were very good.  I ordered a draft beer that was flat, but it seemed like most people in the restaurant were drinking margaritas so that is probably the way to go.  Overall  service was good, food was average and the prices are a little high for the food quality.
3	Per the suggestion of a friend, we stopped at Cinco for dinner on a recent Sunday. I was surprised to see that the restaurant was almost full with only two tables open and several large parties with children. Cinco is very kid friendly. We started our meal with guacamole and salsa. I was a bit taken aback by the fact that you have to pay for chips and salsa. I always feel nickeled and dimed when I have to pay for bread or chips. The guac was extremely bland. It tasted like it onl contained two ingredients, avocado and a ridiculous amount of lime. I had about three bites and left the rest on the table. I then ordered the ciudad due mexico-seasoned pork topped with pineapple, onions, cilantro and salsa with a side of rice and beans. I opted for no onions and somehow ended up without salsa as well. Good thing we had some on the table. I thoroughly enjoyed their tortillas- soft and flaky- but the actual taco was not what I was expecting. The pork and the pineapple were mixed together in the sesoning. The only way I can explain this is that they mixture was prepared earlier in the day or possibly earlier in the week and was warmed up and placed in my tortillas. I understand that slow roasting takes time and am fully on board with the meat being prepared ahead of time. However, I felt that adding the pineapple to the mixture masked the taste of the pineapple. As I was biting the tao, I was unsure if the chunks I was gnawing on were of pork or pineapple. They both tasted the same. This dish could have been much better had they added the pinpple on top of the meat prior to serving. All in all, I do not think that I will head back to Cinco.
2	We were excited for this new little Mexican addition to the south side.  The service here is inattentive at best. We were left sitting at our table forever. No one seemed to know whose table was whose, nor did they seem to care. We finally asked for wait staff to bring us water, cutlery and a menu. Not good for a new place.
4	Like going to my Tia's for Sunday dinner - if I had a Tia. Only thing missing were Tamales' which I hope they'll have for the hoidays.
2	Oh, Cinco. What a disappointment. I went on a Friday evening with the boyfriend. The restaurant was full of older couples dining and high school kids working. It reeked of booze and cigarette smoke. Although I didn't see anyone smoking inside, there were some patrons with cigarette packs, so I'm not surprised at the smell.We were seated at a table awkwardly set in front of the hallway to the kitchen, so people were walking past our table constantly--not very intimate. The hostess was nice enough, but she handed a menu to my date first--isn't the rule "ladies first?" Maybe he looked hungry.Charging for chips and salsa? Super tacky. My strawberry margarita wasn't bad, but it started tasting very salty about halfway through. The meal was good--no complaints about the food. It was nice and uncomplicated. We spent about $50 for chips and salsa, two entrees and two margaritas. That price would be appalling back home in Texas, but that's another conversation. Sorry, Cinco, but I won't be back!
2	Eh, I didn't like this place much either, especially when I had been craving Mexican. The sopes were ok, the salsa was pretty good as well, but the Tacos Coapa were flavorless. We didn't stay for dessert due to the crappy seating, the bad lighting, and the inept, slow service. Not recommended.
3	Food here was ok, not the best option. Personally I like El Paso and Emilianos better. When we walked in we were not very impressed, it looked more like a bar than a restaurant. They do charge for their chips and salsa which is typically complimentary at other places.On a positive note our server was very nice and made the experience better.
4	Very good mexican cuisine!
5	After reading some of the reviews of Cinco, I was very pleasantly surprised on my recent visit for dinner last Saturday night.  I agree with some of the reviews that this place looks more like a bar than a fancy restaurant due to the central bar, and that the seating is not "intimate," but overall I thought it was a nice family-type venue.  Our waitress, Nikki, was friendly and efficient, with an excellent knowledge of the menu items.  Since everything is made to order, she suggested various ways to customize our meals, too, which was greatly appreciated by my very picky dining companion.  Nikki checked back with us frequently, refilled drinks and chips without having to be asked, and went out of her way to see to it that we enjoyed our meal.  The homemade chips and salsa we ordered were very good, not like the pre-packaged kind you get for free at most Mexican restaurants, and well worth the additional small cost, especially since they were refilled.  The menu is diverse, leaning toward Mexican cuisine instead of tourist food, the chef obviously well-versed in various regional foods and quite adept at producing unusual and flavorful combinations.  Even the refried beans were exceptionally good.  Our meals were artfully plated, the food of excellent quality, came quickly, and the portion sizes were large.  The prices are appropriate for the amount and quality of the food.  There were so many fascinating, unusual choices on the menu that I can't wait for another visit to try out additional entrees. Overall, Cinco was a very pleasant dining experience that I would recommend to anyone.  I hope it builds a clientele and stays around for a long time to come.
2	Not very impressed with the restaurant.  Being from Mexico, we know authentic food.  This is at best 70% authentic. Wife and I ate there a few times and found the taste was never consistent. The wait staff is unprofessional in appearance.  You don't know who works there.  No uniforms or even shirts saying Cinco.  One worker was at least wearing a Mexican soccer jersey and that made us at least feel someone was trying to be authentic.  Steelers tee shirt shirts and unkempt appearances of the wait staff make you feel like you are in a cheap bar.Our latest visit was on Sept 16th (Mexico's Independence Day).  The owners did nothing to promote this.  This was a huge disappointment for the someone of Hispanic decent. I guess the owners would rather "sell out" and be an "Americanized Mexican" restaurant than truly be authentic. Other visits to the restaurant we experienced dirty glasses piled up on the bar near the ice maker.  I also noticed a bartender using her hands in addition to a glass to scoop ice from the ice machine.  Dirty!!!! No, I don't want ice in my drink.  I should have called the health department on that one.  Our dinner one was horrible one night.  Wife order a soup that looked more like they dumped left overs in a bowl and served it to her.  The side order of my beans smelled and tasted spoiled.  The soup we were familiar with it because we had it before.  This time, there was something definitely wrong. I swore not to go back again, but I thought let's give them a try again.  Happy hour prices.  Watch out for this catch!  Happy hour drinks and appetizers are advertised on a sign at the door.  These are for only at the bar, not at a table. Not all of the appetizers are on special either.   Overall I have been disappointed. Food is just okay and  never consistent in taste.  Prices are a bit high for what you get.  But then again, they are located in an upper middle class neighborhood, but  the people don't know any better.  I hate to say it, but I don't expect them to last very long.  Poor service, less than good food, unprofessional staff and high prices will drive them out of business.  I hope the owner changes some things at this restaurant.  It would be good to see a place that serves truly authentic Mexican food.
4	Whatva great find!  My sister and brother in law died and you're on Friday and were raving about the food so much the rest of my family including my sister and my brother in law had dinner here on Saturday night! It was excellent! Fish tacos are very good I cannot recommend them more! my brother-in-law wishes he had married the chicken enchiladas instead of my sister.  (Just kidding)
5	Excellent food and service!  The pineapple and pork tacos were outstanding. Chips were crisp and salsa was fresh. Glad to have a great Mexican restaurant in the South Hills.
2	Not very impressed with the restaurant.  Being from Mexico, we know authentic food.  This restaurant was at best 70% authentic. Wife and I ate there a few times and found the taste was never consistent. The wait staff is unprofessional in appearance.  You don't know who works there.  No uniforms or even shirts saying Cinco.  One worker was at least wearing a Mexican soccer jersey and that made us at least feel someone was trying to be authentic.  Unkempt appearances of the wait staff make you feel like you are in a cheap bar.Our latest visit was on Sept 16th (Mexico's Independence Day).  The owners did nothing to promote this.  This was a huge disappointment for the someone of Hispanic decent. I guess the owners would rather "sell out" and be an "Americanized Mexican" restaurant than truly be authentic.Other visits to the restaurant we experienced dirty glasses piled up on the bar near the ice maker.  I also noticed a bartender using her hands in addition to a glass to scoop ice from the ice machine.  Dirty!!!! No, I don't want ice in my drink.  I should have called the health department on that one.  Happy hour prices.  Watch out for this catch!  Happy hour drinks and appetizers are advertised on a sign at the door.  These are for only at the bar, not at a table. Not all of the appetizers are on special either.  Overall I have been disappointed. Food is just okay and  never consistent in taste.  Prices are a bit high for what you get.  But then again, they are located in an upper middle class neighborhood.  I hate to say it, but I don't expect them to last very long.  Poor service, less than good food, unprofessional staff and high prices will drive them out of business.  I hope the owner changes some things at this restaurant.  It would be good to see a place that serves truly authentic Mexican food.
4	I have eaten here on three occasions within the last month. Two have been with Groupon deals. The food has been better than average, I have had the fish tacos, chicken chimichanga and the poblano peppers.  My wife is a fan of the cheese enchiladas and my son really enjoys the chicken quesadillas.. Over all the place is pretty good. In the south hills there is a serious lack of mexican food, this restaurant is a nice addition that everyone in the family enjoys.
4	Went here Friday night with a group of friends and we had a great time!  It's a good variety of authentic Mexican food from different areas in Mexico.  My food was absolutely delicious.  Almost everyone in my party said the same - only one person didn't like her food, mostly because it was too spicy and she had asked for shredded beef and got ground beef instead.  Our waiter was really nice too.  As some other people have said, the service was a little bit slow, but they're probably just trying to give people a nice dining experience - nobody likes to be rushed out of a restaurant either.  I wanted to give a 4 1/2 but couldn't figure out how.  I stuck with a 4 just because there was some slowness, and a few small mistakes - ground beef instead of shredded, and someone got corn tortillas when they'd asked for flour.  Overall though, a great time - we will be back!
4	Jimena was one of the best servers I've had in quite some time! Hope you get in her section!We had great service and great food at a very reasonable price. I had a fajita skillet dish with steak, shrimp and chicken. My boyfriend had the enchiladas. Both were delicious!Also, if you out order a large margarita, be prepared for a LARGE margarita! Not complaining, it was a delicious surprise!
3	I had really high hopes for this place. The menu looked very good. However I must admit charging for chips and salsa is such a no-no. I have never been to a Mexican restaurant that charges for chips and salsa!!! This would be the first of many complaints for the meal. Bryan ordered a beer I ordered my standard water. For our app we ordered pazole to share and they were out on it so we went with the xochitl soup. It was ok. Nothing spectacular. Then we waited for food and drinks. I asked if they had horchata and they do!! It was ok. It had a weird aftertaste though.  I ordered the Chiles Tehuacan which was sweeter then I thought it was going to be but not to bad. The rice was a bit Under cooked as well.  Bryan got fajitas and he liked the fresh tortillas. The staff here just seamed like they had no idea what they were doing. It took forever for drinks and food and for empty plates to be taken away. It was just bad. For dessert we had fried ice cream which was actually the stand out for me. It was perfect. Also the prices were really high. When it was time to pay the check our waiter charged Bryans card to someone else's bill. We noticed it and he fixes it but service just seamed a mess. Alas I was let down. I won't be returning. The prices are to high the service was unorganized and the food was just average.
2	Full disclosure - we lived in SoCal for the past 17 years so we haven't found really good Mex yet in the burgh. You have to pay for chips & salsa, the chips weren't salted after they were fried & no salt shaker on bar. Salsa was good, hot but not scorching. Drinks were WAY overpriced. 7.50 for a regular margarita -no mention of the tequila brand. They were tasty (but for the drab atmosphere (which is perfectly okay for a Mexican restaurant) too spendy. Beer was no better at $5 a bottle. My beef tacos were tasty but the cooked onion was wrong for the dish. Should have been raw onion with the cilantro for a street taco feel. The hub ordered the least Mexican dish, the chimichanga, and he swears it wasn't deep fried and had only steak inside. The saddest complaint was when we ordered guacamole, it was so so so obviously packaged & not even as good as Calavo. This place has potential, but I fear it will be gone in 6 months.
3	Ok,  given that I'm the first to reject an offer to Cinco it is time to update this review.  Nice people, food not bad, but there is more exciting stuff out there.
3	We went there once.  And never went back.  We live around the corner and love Mexican food....so it's a little odd that we just never go, and there's probably a reason...it might be that the restaurant setup is a little awkward (there's just a bar/pit in the middle and tables around)...it might be that the food was OK, not great....who knows?  But, on the plus, and the reasons we'll probably pop in again, the drinks were generous and they didn't skimp on the liquor (I'm looking at you & your skimpy cocktails, Max & Erma's!), the selection was better than your standard Amercanized Mexican fare, so it's worth another visit, but I'm still waiting to be impressed.
4	Margarita outdid herself!!! The chips were fresh and crispy and Enrique is also so pleasant. I love Sunday night family dinner with "the family "  Only missing my hugs from Lily and Alex.  Buena.
5	This place is legit! Their food is so good and authentic. The location kind of stinks (only because we've seen the restaurant change hands often throughout the years), but I hope they last. Good, good food!
5	Good food, prices, cheap happy hour.
4	We had dinner as a family. Two people had chimichangas and really enjoyed them. One person had the pork tacos with pineapple and they chowed them down. I had a small bite and they were really good. I ate the chicken enchiladas. I had a choice of red, green or mole sauce. I chose mole. It was a bit sweet. I would try the green next time. The bummer was that they don't give you chips and salsa like most Mexican restaurants do. Plus they were very skimpy on the guacamole that came with the chimichanga. Good food and good service. We will be back.
4	Lots of choices on the menu.  Good for the family.  We all really enjoyed the food and the margaritas were good, too.
4	Love the food!!! Service is great too! Our new favorite! Price is reasonable too. Never had a bad experience!
4	I love their food!! all of it is good....I have tried over 90% of the things on their menus including the soups and I love it all. Word of warning though, the margaritas are strong!
2	Update - There is a "for lease" sign on the building. It's safe to say they closed.
