5	You are probably already addicted to this healthy fast food choice with a great concept and pricing. If you traveled from cali, you are most certainly spoiled to find it wherever you go, but once you hit the strip, its damn hard to find a chip!Until now Chipotle fanatics been hustling and constrained to the one location on strip, squeezed right in between Harrahs and Casino Royale. But time has come, a brand new location just opened in Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood where you can have your favorite meal in a brown recyclable paper bag. You can sit inside or at one of their tables in the shopping mall. Same old stories, no surprises.So why would you go to Vegas and eat the usual stuff? First: Its fast and damn good (Time is vital in Vegas)Secondly: Its a cheap meat with high quality food (Last longer)Thirdly: Because you dont always have the mood to go fancy (Rough night?)
1	I have been to chipotles all over California (Bay Area and Southern California) and in and around the Las Vegas area and this is the only chipotle that gives you BELOW mediocre service. I have never any issues with chipotle till this one and MAN are these people STINGY as $&@?! When they give out food in anything. I have gone there 3 times at 3 different times of the day (opening, mid day, and lunch), with different people helping me and hoping it would be different. Sad to say it was the same thing. Barely any meat or anything at that in my bowl or burrito. The chipotles at Sarah/S Fort Apachie Rd AND E Haron/S Maryland have far better customer service and are very generous when it comes to putting food in their bowls/burrito. Such sad multiple experiences for a place I used to speak highly of.
4	It's about time chipotle arrives at the strip! Awesome service awesome food. Still as good as any regular chipotle. Def get the chips and guac
1	Both of us got food poisening at this location. Don't know why people give great ratings for a ton of rice and beans with a couple of cubes of meat.
3	This is by far one of the smallest Chipotle that I've ever been too, but granted, space is most likely at a high premium. Seating:The are a few tables, as well seats that line the store window. There is additional seating outside in the walkway of the mall that provides a less cramped environmentFood:Standard Chipotle MenuPrice: One of the cheaper and filling options in Vegas for a meal, especially for Gluten FreeWait:Expect a line out the door, but it can move quickly, as long as the person in front of you is paying attention or knows what is going on
