4	I always get the same thing at Eri-b's, Fili-b's, et cetera, and I've learned my lesson. This is the only one that make my burro as delish as it is. Potatoes, cheese, and guacamole.I know, carbfest 2007, but it's just amazing.They use some gelatinous guac, which we won't talk about, but the taters are freakin french fries! It's not even really that Mexican?! It's a great choice, and the cheese is beautifully greasy. The guys handing you your food are almost always stoned, so they know a good burrito when they're making it.The "salsa" is also top notch, verde and red sauce.They only get 4 because of the regret I feel in the AM.
3	Don't look----just eat.  Don't think---just eat. Oh, I hate those silly cleanliness thoughts that come through my head.  Will this place kill me?  Good food.  I mean, we are not talking haut cuisine here.  But, sometimes, you just want deep fried fish in your burrito.  Really good.  I hope it won't kill me....
1	I'm a huge fan of most ***bertos type joints. I occasionally enjoy having lard drip down my chin after biting into a questionable beef taco...       NOT HERE. The oil very obviously hadn't been replaced in who knows how long. It was pure sickness. I am not a picky eater by any stretch. Growing up with little $ has it's perks in that way. Something has to have zero redeeming qualities for me to not just eat it anyway.I usually love fish tacos at places like this but these were fucking awful, not crispy, sauce tasted like straight mayo tacos from Hades.      blech!I won't return. I'm taking a long break from any ***bertos as well after this experience. My heart and cholesterol levels thank you Eribertos.
4	Heaven had best have a 'bertos or I will be sorely disappointed.  This one is the closest to me, and there are always two or three cars at the drive-thru 24/7.  There's a reason: at least a few of their dishes are fantastic.I've gotten takeout there about 20-30 times.  Most commonly the carnitas super nachos, which are HUGE and flavorful, with more than enough of every topping.  Slather with two each of their red sauce and green sauce.  Be sure to have a friend handy--otherwise, you will convince yourself that reheated nachos aren't so good and therefore you should finish the entire deliciousness in one sitting.  Chips--crispy and tasty, never stale.  It's the kind of chow that's so good, you scrape the bottom of the styrofoam container for remnants.I've gotten really tasty taco combination plates a few times, and the huevos rancheros breakfast plate is also yummy.  I don't branch out much here because the nachos and tacos are so spectacular.  If anyone else posts a review and raves about a different dish, I'll go for it.  Oh yeah.. got carne asada once and I recall the parachute-sized tortillas that came with it were incredible.
4	I have been eating at this joint on and off for 12 years now and I can honestly say that their Carne Asada burrito is the absolute bomb.  The Super Nachos come in a close second tied with the three rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole.  I have tried some of the other "bertos" out there but this is hands down the best of the lot.  Stay away from Los Betos.
4	I am typically a Fili B's girl as opposed to the generic ***berto's fan, but I can compromise since Fili B's are harder to find when you aren't in the EV.  I was really really craving a big ol' steak and egg burrito, and I knew the only way to satisfy that craving would be from one of these places.  We were on our way uptown and we ALWAYS see cars in the Eriberto's drive thru on our way to work, so I figured it had to be one of the better ones.  Oh man it is!  My burrito was more like a steak with egg burrito.  It probably weighed three pounds!  It was absolutely delicious, flavorful, and surprisingly not greasy!  I devoured a whopping half of it before I tapped out and then I ate the rest for breakfast the next morning, and yeah, it actually tastes just as good.  I can't really attest to the quality of the other menu items, but if they are even half as good as my burrito was, then you're in good hands.
3	I gotta say I like Eri's brother Fili much better. Or is it a sister. I'm not sure. While I devoured the carnitas tacos in my car at Filibertos, happily, with a smile and even a sense of danger...the goods I've had at Eribertos have left my mouth dry, unfulfilled and on one occasion, injured. Yes. I said injured. Keep reading. Rickie likes the Americana Burrito for breakfast...had it twice...both times too dry for me. No beans? I've eaten the carne asada and carnitas tacos...both just OK...I like my carnitas to be both succulent and crispy. Did I just say succulent? So I'm not always fulfilled...as I am with a carnitas tacos from Fiiberto's. AND then there was the time when I bit into some strange foreign object...and by foreign object I do not mean Aziz Ansari. Though biting into him might be mighty tasty. The drive thru guys are uber friendly. I wonder sometimes though, does anyone ever go inside? Fili. Eri. Whatev. Just glad when I need a fix I don't have to get outta my car! Buenos Nachos My Yelpitas!
4	I grew up in the Midwest. I thought that Taco Bell was bee's knees and Chi Chi's really was a celebration of food. Moving to Arizona more than a decade ago, my journey through the realm of burritos, tacos and horchata has taught me so much. SO MUCH. This is my neighborhood joint, I end up here pretty regularly. I find them reliably tasty and fast, with a side of affordability. Their breakfast burritos are hearty, but not too greasy or heavy. My personal favorite burrito is the shrimp burrito. Don't expect oceanside-fresh shrimp, we are definitely landlocked, but the sauce is lovely. My mom approves of the fish tacos as well.I am a big fan of the horchata, it is sweet and light and refreshing. And they stay true to the horchata roots and stick with rice milk. Which my lactose intolerant body appreciates.This place is far from fancy, but it is comfortable and satisfying.
3	OK so I just got in tonight after a Sanctum visit (see my other review), and on the way there I spied Eriberto's and made a mental note. Open 24 hrs. Berto's for an experiment in an hour.I drive-thru and get the adobada burrito which has pico and guac. I had an inkling there would be some sauce element like the other -berto's' that I've been to, and I chose the best option I craved. Totaled $4.98.Big burrito, and the GREAT part -- THE RED SAUCE!!!This isn't your typical Los Betos or other -bertos sauce which seems to be thin and sweet, this was thicker and came in good sized containers! It wasn't hot (well to me at least) and complemented the burrito EXCELLENTLY!! I got 3 red and 1 green (kinda like green Tabasco but thicker) and had a splash for every bite! I LOVE THIS RED SAUCE and they're not skimpy about it, if you ask for 2 more reds, the container size is very generous and the stuff goes a long way. The meat was soft, tender and juicy! It didn't taste or seem oily. I think I would've liked more quac and pico, as they were represented in token amounts. Pico seems to be well represented throughout the burrito but not so much the guac. Often times a berto's burrito sits heavily, and I thought I would need Tums for sure later (MAYBE I will), but I don't have that sort of condition coming on at all. This was an absolutely SCRUMPTIOUS burrito, and the soft juicy texture made it completely win for me. I can't grant 5 stars on a single visit, because other plates need to be sampled, but I will gladly grant 4.Super Burrito may be the closest for me, but this sauce and burrito combination at Eriberto's totally won me over even though it's WAY out of my 'hood.If you've been disappointed previous reviewers, give the adobada burrito with red sauce a try. Some places have things they do well and some things they don't, but  I was happy with my burrito.ADDENDUM:  HAD THE SHITS THE NEXT DAY.Did they cook my meat thoroughly? Was it old?Tasted great but I suffered. They need an inspection.
4	Was there during my visit in October and man was it good.  I usually get the Carne Asade burrito.  I forgot how good it was.  As soon as I finished it I wanted to go and get another one.   And having the drive thru makes this place a breeze.  Can't wait to be back in AZ to stop at this place.
3	The food was good and would be rated higher if they could ever get my GD order right.  I do not like finding a beef burrito when I order fish tacos.  Not even similar.
5	I don't know any history about the Berto stuff.  I've had Fili and Eri.  I like Eri better.Been here maybe 6 times for lunch.  One reason I like this place is the prices.  I can get way too full and for under $5.  Their burritos top out at $4.99 so that's some good cheap eatin'.It can cost a dollar, but if it tastes like a dollar then its still no good.  So the main reason I love this place is because everything I've gotten here has tasted like gold nuggets.  First thing I got was the nachos.  'Big' is too few letters in a word to describe the serving size.  3 people can eat off that thing easily...and I mean 3 of ME.  Loaded, man.  The meat (think I got carne asada) was juicy and tender and ALL OVER THE PLACE...under chips, in the corner, at the bottom, etc.  Not just a few strips of meat on top then fluff to fill it out.  That order of nachos was the best I've ever had from anywhere.Then I got a two tacos - carne asada and abodaba (or whatever).  Again, the serving size was way more than enough for a big guy and there was enough meat and goodie falling off of each taco, that you could make two new tacos.  And oh man, the taste.  Once again - juicy, tender, mondo flavorful.  Just crazy good.The next few times, I stuck with those taco choices, then I tried the breakfast burrito.  Sweet heavens.  I don't even like breakfast burritos, but this one is a must whenever I'm in the office on a weekend early.  Huge.  Like "that's what she said" huge.  Heavy.  Chock full.  Juicy.  I honestly haven't had anything that perfect for breakfast before.  This will either keep you going until dinner, or put you to sleep until dinner.  Actually, I don't remember exactly what was in it, but it was everything good.  Everything good.Finally, the king of all things.  Carnitas.  First time I got a carnitas burrito from here, I danced.  I wanted to sing but...no.  No exaggeration - this was the best burrito I've ever had in my life.  And it was really due to the meat.  Crispy pork that's tender and juicy at the same time?  C'mon now.  I have no choice but to love it.  I would just end up picking the meat out just savor how wonderful the texture and flavor were.  This was my first experience with carnitas and now I haven't ordered anything but carnitas this and carnitast that since.  Today I had two crispy shell carnitas tacos.  Again, I danced.  If there is carnitas out there that tastes better than this, I must find it.  I must be informed.  Anyone reading this review is now obligated to update me, because you will fall and break your spleen if you don't.Cheap.  Huge portions.  Perfectly tasty.  This place is a winner.  And I like it way better than the other berto thing.  And drive thru.  Yep.
5	Their super nachos are amazing, AZ burrito is pretty good too. The night time lady that works there is super unfriendly, but I don't expect much from a place like that in terms of service. The food is always good, and always the same, which is what I depend on.
4	Delish!  This is the third time I've gone through the drive through!  The portions are BIG!  The food is pretty authentic tasting to me!  Best after bar food!  24 hrs too!  I had the bacon breakfast burrito today.   So much chunkey bacon and cheese!  Oh, and the Green Chili is pretty darn good too.
4	Good.  Cheap.  Tasty.   24/7.  Drive through.   That sums this place up.  Highlights: Their Carnitas platter comes in a styrofoam plate with beans, rice, and two giant tortillas, weighs quite literally 2 lbs, and is enough to put two people to sleep for a little more than 7 dollars.  Now that's bang for your buck.  Taquitos plate - at 4.50 - also good.  Burritos of all sorts but stay away from the fish.  Carnitas is probably the best.  Asada is a little gristly but good.  Barbacoa not bad.  Breakfast is quite tasty too.  Asada Fries will put you down for the count. But you're not paying for a glamorous atmosphere - or heat on a cold day, so don't expect it. I'd recommend it for a late nights, when you're really hungry
2	instructions on how to properly enjoy a meal at eribertos:step 1.consume vast quantities of alcohol. certainly any spirit will do, however I find that the cheaper the liquor, the better. I prefer 40 oz of a nice malt liquor bagged in paper.step 2. avoid items like lengua, tripe, or various organ meat. while these may certainly be delicious, they are not a great suggestion for pale patrons, those with IBS, or generally any restaurant with a drive thru window.step 3. examine your food before consumption. and i cannot stress this enough, often times there are "stow aways" hidden discretly inside the wrappings of a tortilla. these may and have ranged in my experience (though not necessarily at Eribertos) from pieces of metal, bandaids, hair, hang nails, to the dreaded and unexpected forms of human excrement.step 4.leave the contents of your order inside you take away bag. consuming your food inside your vehicle is akin to texting while driving, and is not only dangerous to yourself but others. if you must eat in your car, please do so while parked. a word of caution: consuming eribertos inside ones vehicle can and will leave a stench that permeates the interior for days to weeks.step 5.procure yourself in advance some form of antacid or beano, if not properly followed vicious gas may wreak havoc on your stomach for the ensuing several hours of digestion.
5	soooo love me some Eribertos. We used to frequent here for the best breakfast burritos around before we moved to South Mountain.. When we decided to move back up here, we just by chance bought a house right across the street! They're open 24 hours, and have a drive through (although it's hard to find, you have to drive behind the dry cleaners to find it) The Carne Asada is awesome, the Carne Asada Fries are teh ULTIMATE drunk food and I finally tried their menudo last weekend and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Great quick service, super fresh great food and super cheap makes it a triple threat...and the 24 hour plus drive through doesn't hurt the cause..
1	The food is good when they at least get your order right. That NEVER happens. I think I have had a correct order maybe once. And no, it is not a language barrier since I order my food in espanol. It is super annoying! un burrito con guacamole de Arizona, pero por favor sin cebolla? Ugh.... Will be awhile before I go back for an onion filled half cooked potato filled burrito.
3	It looks like a gross cafeteria, the bathroom is disgusting, but I'll hand it to this place: they've never screwed up my order.  It's also 24 hours and close to downtown.  So...I'm not going to complain.  A burrito is a burrito, more or less.
4	Good & fast food. Prices are fair. They charge a fee for Bank cards.
4	the only two items i have sampled at eribertos have been the huevos rancheros,which i really liked. plus, they give you 3 overmedium eggs, instead of 2 scrambled..which is to my liking. the beans do no have much flavor, nor does the rice, but the pico de gallo and ranchero sauce more than make up for it.  the other dish i;ve had are the nachos with carne asada. also filling and fun to eat. other items i would choose to eat at other close by, higher end restaurants. i do check the health ratings, and while the county was doing them, they fared ok. but it's definitely a take out joint..no place you want to eat in.
5	Best Mexican spot in Phoenix!
3	Aye chihuahua!So I'm mucho hambre and it's Christmas at 10pm on a Sunday. Bad combination for finding food out there. But lo, I see a shining beacon. Is it the North Star leading me to the new born Baby Jesus? NO! It's Eriberto's! Praise the Lord God Almighty!Arriba, arriba!I had the California burrito which is potato, cheese, pico de gallo and meat. I ate half of it and somehow it changed from burrito to brick somewhere between my mouth and my poor stomach. Would I return? Um... No.
1	Drive through takes forever in the morning 20 minutes for one burrito. Egg Shells in my Carne Asada Burroito after I waited forever  :(
3	If you moved to Phoenix as a youthful person, rather than as a retiree, an important rite of passage is to find yourself, some time between midnight and 4 a.m., in the drive-through of a taco shop with a name ending in -berto's. This is a perfectly good -berto's for that purpose, being reasonably convenient to both the Crescent Ballroom (if you tanked up on Honey Badgers there but didn't weight them down with the in-house burritos) or the Rhythm Room.The chimichanga is large enough for two meals, as is pretty much anything else. Avoid any dish swimming in red sauce if your coordination is impaired or if you're just plain klutzy. The food is both better and cheaper than Chipotle, plus there's a considerably more varied menu. Also: heats up well the next day.Try not to fall asleep in the drive-through, though, as it really does take forever.
5	Tasty! I enjoy the Americano Burrito and cheese enchiladas. I didn't like the Burro that much, but that's my personal preference and I probably wouldn't like it anywhere. It's 24 hours, it's got a drive-thru. It is very convenient. It never seems to take very long to get my food. The location is good, too, like if you needed to pick up some things from Safeway and then swing through the drive-thru, it's very easy and convenient. Their salsas are very good and remind me of New Mexico chile. They add a 50 cent charge to use cards, so if you have cash and want to save a little going there, that's the way to go, but it's relatively inexpensive anyway.
2	Carne Asada fries were disappointing.
4	This place is awesome and they are the only 24-hour burrito place I know of that serves quality cabeza.  Yes, you read that right--cabeza.  I've ordered cabeza burritos at numerous FBs and other bertos burrito shops but most times the quality is lacking and I find cartilage and small pieces of bone throughout my burrito--NOT AT ERIBERTOS!!!  These guys do cabeza right!  Even better, cabeza isn't even on their menu!  If you want to get rid of a hangover or avoid a hangover go to Eribertos and order yourself a cabeza burrito!
4	This is my favorite 'bertos.  It doesn't hurt that it is conveniently located near my home and school, so I can have it coming or going.The 24 hour service 365 days a year make this place a standout. It also doesn't hurt that the staff is super friendly and will happy take your 'when Harry me Sally' style order.  Prices are cheap and unlike others, I've never had an issue with slow drive through service.The nachos are my favorite thing on the menu.  When they pass the bag to me it must weigh close to two pounds.  The clam shell could not hold one more ounce and if it were not for the extra red and green hot sauces that I always request because I like my food spicy, I swear that the lid would not have a chance of staying closed.  I also like the cheese enchiladas.  They aren't nice restaurant good but they aren't bad and a great choice for non-meat eaters.  My BIL loves the carne asada  here and I'm pretty sure he's tried just about every 'bertos in the city.If you're in the area and you need a quick eat, this place is clean... the food is good... and the staff is friendly. Give Eribertos a try (even if it's at 3:30 in the morning).  :)
4	I've only been here on two occasions: once when I first moved here and was craving a breakfast burrito on the go, and once late night. Let me start of by saying that Eribertos is the perfect drunk food...seriously. I got the crane asada tacos an was a very happy camper. The staff is friendly, and if you speak to them en espanol they're even friendlier. Their menu is extensive and you can get essentially anything Mexican you crave--even horchata.Overall, if you're inebriated and starving, DEFINITELY try eribertos late night delights.
5	Two Drive Thrus? 24 hours? Happy to help you customer service? Is that what you are looking for? Run don't walk to Eribertos! I have tried almost everything from this place.  All hot, tasty delicious.I am a big fan of their rolled tacos. And the hot sauce! THE HOT SAUCE is amazing.But hey, that's just me go try for yourself!
3	I was HONGRY and on my way to Subway when I smelled the beef cooking at this Eri of the bertos and diverted to walk in and find the beef. I got the beef burrito which was ready in probably less than two minutes, and thought instantly "Wow! That's huge!"  Then I thought, "Wow, if I put that in my pants, people would say "Wow!  That's a huge burrito in your pants!", but it was still very hot and I was still hungry and not planning to step out anywhere, so I just left it in the bag until I got home.  It was so big, and I am still talking the burrito here, that I broke out the food scale and that sucker weighed in at over 14 ounces.  And it was delicious.  The meat was incredibly tender and juicy and unlike one of those $7 sodium overdose salt-licks from that well-known and well, "cleaner" burro chain, it was: 1. Not a salt-lick, and was2.  $4.66 - with tax.  I've been here maybe twice before and once more late-night through the drive-through (which, as I vaguely recall, DID take quite a while). but the food on all occasions was decent or better and inexpensive.  Inside it's walk-up counter service with a handful of  tables and chairs for in-house dining.  I think I recall an old video game of some sort faintly beeping and booping in the background but not loud enough to get my attention.  The interior looks a bit worn but without the character of a truly old, longstanding establishment.  I didn't note anything overtly dirty, but it is certainly without the bright'n'shiny factory clean I expect from the national fast food chains (though don't always find there either).  I don't know if there were any more than the mom n pop looking pair behind the counter, but between the drive-through and the counter, they were working hard.  The lady who took my order, rang me up and handed over my food was competent on the cashiering, and as friendly as time allowed. My food on all four occasions, probably 2 of those burritos-only, including one massive, filling-if-greasy breakfast burro from the drive-through and two dine-in dinners, were all decent or better (such as tonight's beef burro), at good prices, no foreign bodies or parts noted in the food, and no gastric distress in the aftermath.   It's not exactly destination dining but if you're on your way to or from and you're HONGRY and/or a bit broke, you may be glad it's there - on the east side of 7th Ave, just north of Osborn.
5	Ok, let me preface this review with a couple things that bug me: They charge $.50-$1 extra to use your debit card, whichever they feel like charging at the time. Also, they raise their prices on a consistent basis...sad face.However...the food here is AMAZING and is worth putting up with the above 'problems'. My favorites are the Americano Burrito for breakfast (egg, bacon, potato, ham and maybe I'm missing an ingredient) and the Super Nachos (tons of cheese, sour cream, carne asada, pico and guac if you want, layered perfectly atop a stack of perfectly crisped home made chips) for lunch and dinner.I am guilty...I have eaten here three times in one day before. It's just THAT good!:)
4	Nothing like midnight snack, when you're drunk and when you want something quick and easy. :)))Cheese enchiladas is the best. YummmmBubbas always get the steak and egg burrito, Gets to him every time.
3	Greasy, fresh, should make you feel better " buzzed food" to absorb all the alcohol. Similar to Federico's, filibertos, Ramiro's, Etc.... Fast and friendly and pretty decent.
4	This place is surprisingly good. It is not cheap nasty tummy ache diarrhea hard meat Mexican food. The food is clean and tasty. Also authentic.I get the same thing every time mostly. Soft Asada taco. Now I'm starting to get the hard Asada tacos, THEY ARE SOO GOOD! The taco shells are delicious! I never get guacamole, never. I always ask for lemons. I also get the quesadilla with light cheese. They are also surprisingly good! This restaurant is a hidden secret and the employees are nice for the most part. And don't forget to get a Jarritos Tamarind to drink!!!!!!!!
3	Perfect drunken midnight snack! Five stars for the night crawlers, but I cannot say as much for the place when I am sober.The interior is very much so a low end fast food restaurant. After all, it is a very casual Mexican fast food restaurant. The staff is nice, the homemade drinks are okay at best, and the good isn't half bad.I would highly recommend the deluxe quesadilla as a late night snack. If you are dinning in during the day I would be more adventurous and see what else is good on the menu. They have a lot of options.  The other dishes I have tried were all pretty good and very filling.They also have dessert in the for of frozen ice cream. Most of the treats are pretty typical but I am a big fan of the Mexico Ice Cream Bars. A must try if you have any room after you meal.
1	Beware. They do not practice proper procedures and will end up serving you food melted THROUGH the styrofoam containers. On top of that their customer service will leave you being laughed at and scowled upon, on top of them talking shit because they think you don't know spanish right in front of you.  All when you demand food that does not have cancerous plastic melted into it. A fresh order and an apology is how you handle it. Not sending them back home after a second trip with  cold food and not a difference in how they packaged it . After what my husband saw them doing while cooking the food as he waited, I assure a call to the health department about sanitation and cross contamination.  As regular patrons we will no longer go there. You should seriously reconsider the etiquette of your little taco stand people.
3	To sum it up, just another generic xxxxBertos you insert the prefix.The menu is what you would expect from a this type of place, burritos, combo plates, enchiladas, tacos. Prices are on par too, but they lack the free chips some places do have.The one slightly unique thing here is the vintage arrcade games they had in back. Including Mortal Kombat 2 and the simpsons.
1	Terrible service, every time. I do keep going back to get bean burritos for my sister in law on lazy Sundays, and it's always an ordeal. The one star is for the competence of making my food correctly, and nothing else. Waited 20 minutes or so just to get the guy to take my order, which never actually happened. So I pulled up to the window and was received with a look like I was bothering the gentlemen on who was inside. I asked to make an order and he proceeded to tell me I needed to get back in line and order at the menu in the drive thru. I told him I had been waiting as he slammed the sliding window shut in my face. I left with a bad taste in my mouth, and no food.
