5	Do you want to know what your body fat percentage is? Or how about your resting metabolic rate (RMR)?  Well, we found a place where all can be revealed to you.  Referred by our trainer, the b/f and I met up with Dave at Bod Pod, located inside of Anytime Fitness on Lake Mead near Sun City in Summerlin.  The whole process only took about ten minutes.  Clients can go through the testing once for $50 or get three tests for $100, which we chose so that we can see our fat loss progress over time, planning to return at different intervals in the next few months.  Come prepared to sit in the pod, an egg-looking contraption, for about 3 minutes while your body composition is tested.  Much more accurate than calipers, BMI formulas, or those bio-electric impedence devices at the gym, Bod Pod is closest to the results you would get with hydrostatic underwater fat testing, considered to be the most accurate testing of all. For the test, women should wear a swimsuit or compression shorts with a sports bra; men should wear swim trunks or compression shorts with no padding.  Why do you need this information anyway?  If you're serious about fitness and fat loss, knowing your RMR will help you reach your goals.  The RMR result will tell you exactly how many calories you need to eat to lose or gain weight. Knowing what your body fat percentage is will tell exactly how much fat you're carrying around as well as your lean body mass. Armed with this info, you can get moving towards your fitness goals.  Thanks, Dave--we'll see you soon!Click here for more info: http://leanbodymetrics.com/
5	Ever hear that saying "muscle weighs more than fat"? I don't know about you, but doesn't a pound of muscle weigh the same as a pound of fat?  You hear it all from time to time..."I'm not fat, I'm big boned", "it's baby fat", or "I weigh a lot because I have a lot of muscle" How do you know?  How do you really know if you've never been tested?  Yes, we can all do the eye test.  But if you're interested in knowing exactly where you stand with your body fat, you have to give Bod Pod a try. Bod Pod Las Vegas is located in Summerlin inside Anytime Fitness.  I've been tested before, but only through BF calipers.  However, there's about a 5% variance with calipers. In my opinion, that's way too big of a variance.  That's the difference between someone 15% BF and 20% BF.  The most affordable and closest to 100% accurate is the Bod Pod.  Here's the process:1.  Set up an appointment.  Cost is $50 for one test or $100 for three.  http://leanbodymetrics.com/2.  Don't eat or workout at least 3 hours before your appointment.  Before you arrive, you will need to come prepared with the correct clothing.  Very important to wear minimal, form-fitting clothing such as compression shorts.  Women can wear a swim suit.  Both men and women have to wear swim cap, which they can provide if you do not have one. 3.  Arrive at Anytime Fitness and complete a small questionnaire4.  The Bod Pod is in a private room inside the gym.  You get weighed and then you sit inside the pod for 3 tests to ensure accuracy.  Dave is the best. He'll explain the process and later cover the data. 5.  In less than 5 minutes, you get a print out of your body fat percentage, total body fat in pounds, and lean mass pounds/percentage.  From your numbers, you'll find out if you're risky (high body fat), excess fat, moderately lean, lean, ultra lean, or risky (too low).  Your overall numbers will also determine your resting metabolic rate (i.e. what your daily calorie intake should be). 6.  You're done...Now, go eat and hit the gym. This is some pretty exciting and motivating stuff.  You don't have to be a fitness pro, bodybuilder, or athlete to be tested. If you're interested to finding out how much calories you need to gain or lose weight, looking to see if you're progressing in the right direction, or simply just want to know your true body fat percentage...then give Bod Pod a try. PS:  For me, it's no longer how much or how little I weigh.  It's all about body composition.  The scale keeps track.  But it's my body fat percentage that keeps score.  Dropped 5+ percent body fat since my last testing.  Yes, I'm keeping score and winning.  Yeah Buddy!!!
5	I heard about this place through Mel C while talking to him at our gym. My rant was not really knowing how much body fat% I have and I don't really care about how much I weigh because with my goals - that doesn't mean anything. Mel's guess was that I'm at 13% and I laughed. Nobody believes me when I say I need to lose fat. I hide my chubs real well. My scale at home calculates BF% and I also have a caliper at home - none of which came up with the same number...not even the same range! So, basically, I've been working out and hoping I'd reach my ideal BF% without knowing what it really is. To finally put the guessing game to rest, I made an appointment the same day Mel C told me about this place. I got the 3 sessions for $100.This is located inside Anytime Fitness behind Walgreens on Lake Mead and Rampart-ish. Make sure you: call and set up an appointment; NPO and no physical activity 2-3 hours prior to your appointment; wear/bring compression shorts (+sports bra for the ladies) or swimsuit - no wires, no metals, no jewelry. You fill out a form and you can pay with cash or credit card. They'll make you wear a swim cap. They'll weigh you and calibrate the equipment before you go in the pod. If you're claustrophobic, you might have a problem. They do the test 3 times. They'll explain the process and what to expect. The air gets sucked out and you'll hear it getting pumped out of the pod. You might feel a slight pressure in your ears as if you were in an airplane. The hardest part for me was sitting still for a few seconds.Christy was the one who performed my test. She gave me my print out and explained my results to me. She told me how I could realistically reach my goals. I'll be coming back in a few months for my 2nd session. Challenge accepted!
