2	I lived at Paradise Palms for 2.5 years. The first year, I was on the north side in a split level condo and I down sized to the south side after making the desicion to go back to college. I was extremely disappointed when I moved into my apartment. Building 1501 #4 is not what the model apartment advertises. The wood laminate is different and ugly, there is carpet in the hallway and something is wrong with the flooring in the hallway as well(I think the carpet is kept to cover something up). I think the a/c unit is at least 30 years old and you will pay for it if you live in those apartments. You will also be sweating while your thermostat says its set at 74 degrees. So in the summer time, my down sizing cost was a wash. Also to mention that anytime I would go into the office, Kevin would talk to me about partying and people crashing at his house because they were to drunk to drive all the way home from his house in Maricopa. (I have been sober for along time and found this extremely unprofessional). Last but not least upon my move out date, I ended up in the ER extremely ill. I tried to contact the office 8 times with one voicemail on my move out date to let them know that I was in the hospital. No one answered and no one called me back until the next day. It was Calvin the maintenence man. I told him what had happened and that I tried to call several times. His response was "well you are probably going to have to pay for another day since you still have some stuff in the apartment." The maintenance man was telling me that I needed to pay more after being hospitalized!!!!! I told him "no", I won't be" and that I will call back later when I was more lucid. So I tried to call 6 more times that day and no one answered. I showed up to the apartment in the evening time and got the 3 boxes and vacuum cleaner out of the apartment and went to drop off my keys. The new manager(who I believe was a poor decision in bringing on), was just sitting at her desk. The office was super quiet and her attitude was like I owed her something because her maintenance guy wasn't charging me for another day.........these experiences left a bad taste in my mouth and I am so grateful I do not live there anymore!!! Beware of the level of class you are getting at these apartments...you get what you pay for!!!
2	Positives: Reasonably quiet and fairly well maintained. Negatives: There is a grand disconnect between the corporate office and the local one. Corporate schedules a walk-through on Wednesday. Perfect. Oh look, they're not open on Wednesday. Thanks.Move-in day: That's odd, couches don't fit through any of the front doors. Why didn't anyone mention this before? "Oh, just lift your 200 lb couch up to the 10 ft balcony and bring it through the patio door." Easy."You can pay online with a credit or debit card!" Awesome. Phone system, "There is a $25 convenience fee to pay with a card." Perfect.Want a parking space? Pay $180 a year.Look elsewhere.
1	Not properly managed at all.  After leasing for my college-age daughter for one year, we moved her to a new place.   Promised repairs took weeks on end - including repair of broken pipe in neighboring wall that flooded the bedroom and replacement of the carpet/repaint, etc of damage.  Many follow-up calls were required, and even then, some were not properly done.  Also the management engaged in some very sketchy behavior - one example is insisting that rent be paid on-line (not in the lease), then charged a $75.00 late fee when the payment was not made before midnight EAST COAST TIME!  When confronted with the issue, the first position was that their bank is on the east coast, so okay to use that time period for rent payments in Arizona.  When disabused of that notion, they agreed they had to reimburse the money, but did so only by crediting the amount to the next month's rent --- that is, they took my daughter's  money and used it for a month, leaving her without needed cash for food.  Perhaps knowing their managers are not too good, in recent times (Winter-Spring 2014), there seemed to be a different person in the office every time my daughter or I went in -- and no one knows what the other is doing.  Too bad, because the property is conveniently located and could be a very nice place if properly managed and maintained.  All in all, pretty shocking behavior.
4	Thank goodness the management of this apartment community has changed!  It was great when I rented here in 2011.  The first year and a half was great then it went steadily downhill with AIMCO.  Alliance just took over management of the apartments and I have seen very positive changes.  Leah and the other staff at the front office are terrific.  They have plans to modernize, clean and upgrade.  Really glad I stayed!
2	This place has its pros and cons. It's a great area for me, reasonably priced, unit isn't out-dated, and it's always quiet. However, the two management companies that have been there since I moved in have been less than honest and helpful. I have had multiple maintenance issues involving no cold air in the summer, no hot water, and no heat in the winter. All issues to days to resolve and legally I should be compensated or pro-rated my rent. I kept a record of all requests, times, and conversations and brought this issue to the office. Got a call back MONTHS later and the message simply said it's not their fault and they don't owe me anything. Can't wait until my lease is up.
