5	I stumbled across this company after I had spent roughly 6 months in the most fruitless home search ever.  In this market an unsuccessful home search seemed impossible, but I managed it.  Brendan Christensen was the Realtor that I called and he was a breath of fresh air.  He was responsive, friendly, always aware of what the status of my contract was, constantly looking out for my best interest, and I truly felt like he was on my side.The business of buying a home is such a personal business, and Brendan clearly understood that.  As a young and single woman it can be very scary entering into real estate and spending so much of the money I'd diligently saved over the years.  He really took a tremendous amount of time to make sure that I would be safe and secure during the process, making me aware of situations where I might have been taken advantage of, and advised me when making what turned out to be some really great decisions.I'd recommend this guy any day of the week.  If you meet with him once you'll know why, and you wont regret choosing him as your Realtor.
1	Unlike a previous reviewer my wife and I did not have a pleasant experience.  We did end up with the home of our dreams only after we contacted the seller's agent because it was clear our agent was not working on our behalf.  All they cared about was the sale and frankly bordered on some questionable ethical decisions that came very close to illegal.  We even considered hiring an attorney because of this mess.  If you are selling a home, then maybe they are for you.  If you are buying I'd stay away from this office altogether.  Keller Williams was able to screw us over while we purchased our dream home.  This should have been a pleasant experience, but it wasn't.  Do not deal with them if you have to.  Seek alternatives.
1	Slumlords at their finest.  Looking to rent a home?  Steer clear from this unethical company who will do whatever it takes to make you miserable.
1	If I could give less than one star, I would...Renting from Keller has been the most horrific experience I have ever had, and I have rented from some very dodgy landlords in NYC.I am currently sitting in an home in hot old Arizona without air conditioning due to a maintenance request that was submitted at 3:30 this morning, reporting the air was not working; the request was ignored until I called to follow up in the early afternoon. 12 hours later a repair technician (after I followed up multiple times) arrived to examine the unit. The compressor is blown, but it was so late in the day, the part could not be obtained.This isn't (by far) the first negative for Keller in the past 8 months. The Keller agents (from what I can tell) are completely irresponsible and only respond when there is an issue that may concern the property owner, not the tenant.Do yourself a favor. Run. Do not walk away from renting from Keller, regardless of how nice the home or apartment may be.Buyer beware.
