5	Pros: Vegan food in Pittsburgh?  YES!  great music, friendly accommodating service, huge variety of drinks, fabulous decorCons: Not a convenient location for the car-less me, but well that's just meHi, I am a non-drinker and rarely have I found an establishment with an extensive list of non-alcoholic drinks.  Granted, Quiet Storm like many Pittsburgh places doesn't have an alcohol license and has to make do.  Ginger lemonade?  Yes.  All these other things from the soda fountain that are adult like enough for me?  Yeah!I do love my meat, but found the vegan food here pretty good (albeit dry but I attribute that to my love of meaty things).  They used to have a prixe fixe meal on the weekends, but I think they got rid of that due to a low turnout.  Too bad most of Pittsburgh doesn't really learn to love culture.Usually good music acts here.  Although the few times I was here, there was barely anybody else there besides the group I dragged along and the band's friends.  Usually 2-3 acts play.  Live.  And it's nice that there aren't many of us because we can sit up close.  And be sure to kick the friend who thinks it's ok to talk over the music.  The bathroom also has a decor to match the style of the coffeehouse.I have never been here during the daytime so I can't comment on that.  Always great service when we came here for dinner and the music (since we were basically the only ones there).  Sometimes a minimal cover for the music.  There are books and comfy couches for the daytime coffee drinkers.
4	Though I didn't get a chance to visit this place when I visited last month, I really do love Quiet Storm and I will be sure I hit it up next time I'm in town visiting my friends there. The decor is adorable. The prices are reasonable. It was an intimate place to see a show and it's too bad they are no longer doing them here. I really feel like this place was one of the first things that made me heart Pittsburgh. It's truly a unique space.
5	I used to live about four blocks from the Quiet Storm, and for a period breakfast here was an every day affair.  Those two facts have nothing to do with each other--the period in question was close to the end of the first semester of my (super-)senior year, when my friends and I would stay in our studios all night working, haul ass out to Quiet Storm for ambrosia-caliber restorative tofu scramble and coffee, and go back to school bright-eyed and bushy-tailed for another day of class.  And then usually I'd take a three-hour nap after the first class.  But I'm sorry, what is it I'm reviewing here?The Quiet Storm has absolutely the best tofu scramble I've ever had.  I'm an accomplished vegan eater (I get stuff in my mouth first try nine times out of ten), I've had the best scrambles New York and San Francisco have to offer.  Believe you me, Quiet Storm tops them all.  I wish I knew their secret recipe, but the part I do know--baking the tofu rather than just sauteeing it--makes a tremendous difference.  Come in on a lazy Sunday morning, get the Nothin' Fancy, and you will see for yourself just how good tofu can be.  On top of that, they are as vegan-friendly as can be, with earth balance for the toast; soy, rice, and almond milks; and a selection of specifically vegan mixed drinks and milkshakes.  Plus, sandwiches!  Get the spicy spinach and peanut butter wrap, ask for added tofu (planks not crumble), and be astonished yet again.AND AND, as a delicious cherry on top, they have theme brunches, fantastic theme brunches that show off the creativity and chops of the cooks here in a way that the regular menu can only hint at.  Check out their website and see when the next theme brunch is, and make a point of going.  Get there early.
4	I like the Quiet Storm because it offers food as well as drinks.  The spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good.  I never had a Chai Milkshake until I went to the quiet storm.  If you can deal with East End "urbanites" then I would suggest trying it out, if nothing for a good laugh and decent food.
4	I moved to Pittsburgh for the tempeh Reuben at Quiet Storm.  Actually, I'm lying.  Or maybe not.  Am I trying to save face because I don't want to admit that I moved across the country for a sandwich?  You'll never know because I'm not telling.Anyway, the food here is pretty good.  Sometimes it's better than others, though I think it depends on the cooks.  I'm one of those vegetarians who doesn't much care about reducing kilocalories (the point of eating is to fuel our bodies, right?), so I like the cooks who pile on the mayo and cheese.  I'm sure the cooks who skimp on fattening ingredients have their fan base, too.  The menu is creative, and it feels like the people who make the food are trying to test their cooking chops, which I appreciate.  The atmosphere is nice here: big, open space, yet cozy.  And you won't find a radder floor in Pittsburgh.  The employees are super nice.
5	It's all about the Black & Gold. (Only on the brunch menu now, though!)And the Tofu Tenders.And the vegan baked goods from My Goodies.My only complaint is regarding the vegan milkshakes. Sorbet does not a milkshake make.
4	Wondering where the Pittsburgh hipster crowd hangs out? Look no further than the fixie parked outside the Quiet Storm. And then go inside and have some delicious food and drink.
5	I looove Quiet Storm! It's a pain for the car less (me) to get to, and the service is fairly lacking, it's cash only with no convenient ATM's around, the closest business is a McDonald's half a mile away. And I still go there every chance I get. Hipsters abound (pro or con, depending on who you are) and the place is REALLY child friendly (again, could be a pro or con). But generally, the crowd is mellow, reading, chatting, just enjoying.The menu is designed in a way that they have something for everyone (except those adverse to eating healthy :). Between the veg and vegan options, they manage to have a menu that is fairly celiac friendly too, not an easy thing to do!A lot of the reviews here are about breakfast, which is amazing. But my favorite are their dinner salads. They're protein heavy, with a huge variety of ingredients, not your typical salads. And their specials, like tofu curry, are amazing, and always enough food for two.Oh, and the drink menu! I'm pretty much a water, coffee, beer kind of person, so I haven't tried too much on it. But everything looks amazing. Quiet Storm is one of those places that doesn't do a wide variety of things, but what they do, they do damn well!
4	This place is cool!  But it is also 'cool'.  Service is so-so, but the staff doesn't have an attitude, they just aren't into serving.  And I'm not a vegan, but the food is so good that a carnivore like me doesn't even care. The menu is also huge.  For those of you looking for an ATM- there's one a half block away if you just exit, go left and cross the street to the corer convenience store.I could always find a table and spread out with my books. Comfy, young, hip, worth it.  I wish they had alcohol.Try it!
2	It's good when they are on, but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get.  The coffee machine looks like it hasn't been cleaned in the last century which is off putting.  Generally, I wouldn't recommend it unless you are in the neighborhood and desperately hungry--you MIGHT catch a lucky break and be there on a good day.
3	Food is tasty, though portions are for the waifish hipster types. Location is inconvenient and I would not recommend people walking by themselves at night on that stretch of Penn. Service is very uneven i.e. bad, even when the place is practically dead. I can't really speak on the coffee, though they do have good tissanes(however getting them to refill your hot water is another thing).**************Okay I won't change my rating, but I take back what I said about the food. They have changed the menu and it is really bad. We had Buffalo Tofu sticks which were ridiculously dry. I had the Thai Peanut Tofu Wrap which tasted just like peanut butter. I don't understand the point of Mockamole? It's made with peas instead of avocado. How to describe the food... it's as if they took pictures of how food should look and made the food without thinking about how food should taste. Gee peas are green, just like avocados?? I would go there for coffee/tea or whatever to hang out, but not for the food. Okay there was one decent thing on the menu which was the artichoke dip. I was completely disappointed.
4	Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house
4	I've been to the Quiet Storm a couple of times for brunch-type meals, and have always been pleased.  Their extensive veggie/vegan geared menu is for the most part really healthy and fairly light...but it's not without its crave-worthy items like smashed potatoes with cheese and my favorite, the peanut butter chocolate milkshake...heavenly.  Paired with a hummus and veggie sandwich and green pea 'moc-a-mole', you don't feel so naughty having dessert with brunch.The vibe is mellow, and so is the wait staff.  Service is leisurely, but not slow.  I look forward to at least one chill breakfast here on my trips to the 'Burgh to visit friends and such.
4	For solid veggie/vegan food in Pittsburgh's east end, the QS is a reliable meat-free choice. There are enough good options on the menu that a seasoned QS diner could guide a newbie past the landmines of total-miss dishes, in search of the greener pastures of the spicy peanut tofu wrap and other local faves. The scrambled tofu is a shining star. The kitchen often does remarkable things with potatoes. The salads go above and beyond to woo your heart, with way more toppings & stuff than any other salad I've eaten in Pittsburgh -- this includes salads served with French Fries! Nothing here is fried - even the "fried" foods are baked. Your arteries are grateful. The kitchen is unfortunately very inconsistent, and an attentive & caring cook is a very different experience here than the apathetic, distracted or exhausted cook. This used to be The Place to Brunch, and I'm sure it's still busy on the weekend mornings, but I had to quit when all these SUV families started monopolizing my fave tables -- apparently the QS made it into some kind of "VISIT PENNSYLVANIA" travel guide as a great brunch spot. I hate to be that "I liked their old stuff better" kind of a person, but, well... Don't be caught unawares- in my cashless world, dinner at the QS means making a special ATM run. The QS is super kid-friendly. Books, magazines, and children's toys accompany the wireless internet (which sometimes works, and sometimes doesnt, and no, the staff can't help you). The menu is kid-friendly, the staff is used to dealing with kids, and if you really hate children, you might not want to go there since their peals of laughter and joy might melt your wicked black heart. I wouldn't hesitate to take the 2 year olds or 12 year olds I know. The drip coffee is good and bottomless- soy creamer is available. The espresso drinks are really really hit or miss. You may have the tastiest drink you could imagine, or you might be left choking down a $5 drink made by someone who has never drank a cup of coffee. No liquor license but you can BYOB for a nominal charge. The service is sometimes swift, but more often lacking. I would never take a date here again --- getting the totally wrong order & waiting half an hour for it to be even acknowledged by the staff is an embarrassment when you tell your date the restaurant is one of your faves. Fortunately, if you are dating me, you probably aren't there for the dinner. If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end, this could be your new fave spot too. I do wish the hours were a little different - I operate on the schedule of a late-nite diner, though.
5	I'm not sure how it took my wife & I so long to find this place! Before visiting the Quiet Storm I didn't realize that their entire menu was vegetarian, but that shouldn't be much of a problem even for fans of meat. I ordered the "Maelstrom" which is a what I would call a Mediterranean Quesadilla. The flavor was subtle, but delicious. There were plenty of menu options and it looks like this restaurant is really doing it's part to support the local community. The only complaint I would have was that the temperature also got a bit cold as we were sitting by the door... and it was winter. Finally, remember to bring enough cash to cover the bill as that's the only way to pay. I was not disappointed by the Quiet Storm and will definitely be getting back to this place next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	This is probably one of the most solid restaurants we have on Pittsburgh's east end.  It is also a haven for the vegan/vegetarian hipster.  I've been a handful of times now and only once did I get food I wasn't happy with.  Prices are reasonable, maybe like $1-2 more for food than you would expect to pay.  Keeping this place open is well worth that cost.If you aren't feeling so hungry, this doubles as a coffee shop (lacks some coffee shop seating) and the hot drinks are solid.  Check out the milkshakes!
5	CASH ONLY!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I went here for the first time last night and wasn't sure what to expect when i walked in.  The place seems to have some spacial issues.  There was a bar but they don't serve alcohol, more of a coffee/diner bar.  The tables and chairs seem odd and it took me a while to find a chair that was comfortable, but maybe this is by design.  I am not a coffee expert but i really enjoyed my several cups of decaf.  Anyhoo, to the food.  This place is vegetarian only.   I started with a Hummus plate, unlike most creamy hummuses this hummus was gritty as i could actually taste the chick peas with each bite.  The hummus was surrounded by fresh crisp cucumbers, carrots, celery, calamata olives (big fan) and pita. Perfect starter.  For my main entree i ordered the curry special.  Do not expect an Indian food experience but this will not disappoint.   Everything was in the bowl, chick peas, basmanti rice, carrots, and other miscellaneous items.  Once i started dipping my pita into it I could not stop.  It was savory, spicy and just the perfect compliment to the cold snowy night.    This is one storm i will enjoy braving from time to time.
4	Who would have thought that a vegan-friendly hipster restaurant would be one of the best places in Pittsburgh to feed a hangover? Seriously, go hungover, and you will be in love. Get a super-stuffed burrito. They put mashed potatoes in burritos along with hearty beans, scrambled eggs and cheese and yummy salsa. Your stomach will thank you. While you're waiting, have some coffee. At under $10 for a VERY filling burrito and a bottomless cup of coffee, I thought it was a great deal. In addition to their regular menu, they also have daily specials and themed brunches. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu. It's great to have a full-service restaurant where you can get oodles of vegetarian items.
2	Quiet Storm is, perhaps, the most expensive vegetarian diner I have ever been to, even by big city standards! Cash-only makes this even more difficult. Tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and I usually love these things! I tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. As far as I know, gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty, but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumber,along  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. The wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again, I see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. The tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. My beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. It was sweet for my tastes, but I am sure most people would have thought it perfect. I'll keep Quiet Storm in mind as a coffee shop, only.F.Y.I after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend, my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.
4	The Gyro wrap is amazing.
5	Quiet Storm was the other bookend to my trip to Pittsburgh, providing a perfect balance with Zenith earlier in the week. It's a little out of the way, but once we got there, it's exactly the kind of place I want to live close to. It's spacious and relaxed; we sat there for two hours after eating our lunch and were not at all pressured to move on. It had a very good neighborhood vibe, and everyone working there knew the place and the area really well.The drink options were pretty great- the coffee was just fine, but the ginger lemonade I ordered a couple hours after lunch was phenomenal. I wish I could have that more often. The food was great; there are lots of options and the portion sizes were exactly what I wanted. I had the Dagwood sandwich, which was a perfect mix of sweet, sour, and spicy with hummus, apples, hot peppers, cucumbers, and pickles... it came with an option of the side, and I had to try the mockamole. A big fan of guacamole myself, I was totally in doubt of a green pea-based mock version. I also really like peas, though, so I was open. And somehow they managed to make it work, and it really did taste very much like guac, with a slightly less heavy and maybe a bit grainier texture. But definitely worth a try. My friend had a wrap with curry and tofu and I honestly don't remember what else, but it was huge and really tasty. She chose the potato salad as her side, and it was the perfect imitation of German potato salad, so I was pretty happy. All in all, if you're in Pittsburgh and feel a little lost... go to Zenith and Quiet Storm, and you will feel found.
5	Fun, unique atmosphere (hippie / indy / hipster / whatever these kids are calling it these days). Interesting, tasty food. Above all, awesome retro decor. A Pittsburgh treasure.
4	A cool (if mildly painfully hipster-ish) decor; perfect settingfora Sunday brunch. The service was great, the food was both satisfying and healthy, and the milkshake I had to top off my omelet was deeeeelicious. Are all of their milkshakes vegan? Because ifthey are, I was completely fooled. A little more than I was hoping to pay for a breakfast dish but I suppose I can't complain, as it was morethan enough to hold me through until dinner. (I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)
4	I eat at this place at least once a week.  No longer cash only, which is nice since I never have any.  As a vegan I like that I have a ton of options here, but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.  Food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it's easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place.  My only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service.  It's totally hit or miss.  I've never felt targeted with "attitude," but I have experienced long waits for the menu, coffee, water, the check - but weirdly, never the food. Most of the time I leave happy, sometimes irritated, but I'm always full and ready for a nap.
5	I was really impressed by this place. I will first start with the service: The waiter was very friendly and it took me awhile to go over the menu since I've never been there. He was patient and stated "take your time, no hurry". He offered me suggestions. We even discussed shoes for a brief minute, very personable. The food: The menu was quite extensive...hoagies, soups, pasta, salads, etc. They also have stuff for kids like grilled cheese. I ended up ordering the lentil loaf with steamed vegetables and smashed potatoes. The food came out QUICK, like 5 minutes and everything was fresh and great. Did I mention this also came with soup? I paid $13 total for my meal and a cold chai. Could not ask for more. My only and I mean only complaint is that they only serve lunch at lunch time, the only serve dinner at dinner time, etc..so be mindful of the time of day you go....
1	Maybe I am just the most jaded vegan in town; Quiet Storm's food menu bores me to tears, that which I will use to salt my own mediocre cooking at home! Their coffee isn't all that great either, as given the choice, local La Prima is in my favor. Tears. This is the only vegetarian restaurant on the East side of town, and oh so close to me, but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room.
5	I love you, Quiet Storm!!  Please open another location in the Los Angeles area, stat.  I think the best part about Quiet Storm was rolling in at 10:30 on a Sunday and being seated without a wait.  Are you kidding me?  That's AMAZING!  I was prepared to have to wait for a little bit for Sunday brunch. Quiet Storm has quite possibly the most delicious scrambled tofu that I have ever had.  I have no idea what they do to get the tofu to that texture, but its delightful and don't ever change.  I love animal products, but I did not miss the meat in any of the dishes that I sampled.  I order the Black & Gold breakfast burrito, which was delicious but not half as excited at the Country Gravy burrito my friend had.  The onion gravy is insanely flavorful and made me question why I put animal in my gravy to begin with.  I know, its a crazy thought but its true.  I look forward to many additional trips during my extended stay in Pittsburgh.
5	This space is so beautiful.i'm always a sucker for big windows all across the front, but here especially the huge windows and wide building front really opens up the space and provides excellent lighting for the front half of the cafe.The layout is unique, with the island, counter, and bar stools in the center and plenty of tables all around. It really provides a lot of opportunities for unique corners to sit in alone and lots of space for groups.The coffee is decent. It's made from Dean's Beans, decent fair-trade coffee and brewed to a consistent perfection. i can't speak to lattes and espressos because i've never tried them, even though QS supposedly just got in a new espresso machine.The food is so-so, decent vegetarian fare, with the exception of most of the tofu dishes, which are spectacular.And the milkshakes are always a good time, even if they're a bit on the expensive side.Cash-only if total is under $10.Contrary to what some others have said, this isn't a hipster hangout. The customers seem to be a nice mix between students, locals, and artists. This isn't an art museum--it's a vegetarian cafe that makes food and drink.And it does a pretty fucking good job of it.
3	pretty good veggie food.  I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.  French toast, tofu scramble, museli, salads, sandwiches, lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety.
1	I must be a glutton for punishment, because I keep finding myself hungrily returning to the Quiet Storm. The menu has slightly changed, and they are no longer cash only... This time it was the "8th Ward" that inflicted extreme disappointment. Not sure what 8th Ward is supposed to mean, but I will forever associate it with a dry boring place. And I thought we were getting a party platter! This appetizer sampler included THE WORST hummus evaar; I am near positive that they forgot to add garlic, lemon, salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which was described as "garlicky" on the menu. Sooo wrong. "The Butter," another WTF of a name, was also very dry and bland. The salsa was good! And there were plenty of dipping accessories, too many really, given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.At this point, I've tried most of the vegan options QS has to offer and the only luck I've had has been with the B.Y.O.B. Go figure. I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of "the best" vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer.
5	Very few people name the places depending on how the place is going to look like from the City's perspective.Confused??I bet half of Pittsburgh students didn't notice this amazing vegan place,it is like a quiet storm ;just there but not really.Now i am confused!! :)  Straight to the point -this place is huge and neat and they have a huge cafe bar with great food list.i ordered thai salad with vegan chicken and tempeh and my friends ordered wraps.It was simply delicious and i was extremely excited that i discovered this place after a long Vegan research. The place was definitely quiet and shockingly even the area around the place was dead.Maybe they have some historical reasons to name it Quiet storm like there was a light storm and everyone left the place...ahmm..I shall stop my list of lame reasons,such that you could stop reading and would be able to chase the quiet storm :)-Smriti
1	Well, I think Heidi S. pretty much covered all of the bases here. The lemon-ginger tea that I ordered was weak, perhaps not steeped hot enough? The hummus, wow, definitely the worst; tasted like paste. Yuck with a capital whY. I considered giving two stars because the service and atmosphere were pleasant, but since I do not plan to return, I guess methinks not.
4	Very good!
2	i was super excited to try quiet storm when i moved to pittsburgh because all of the reviews i read were fantastic.  however, i have visited multiple times now continuously hoping for improvement and each time i've been disappointed.  let's start with the good things.  QS has a great atmosphere, it definitely helped the transition from austin.  very chill "hippie" vibe.  however, the servers although friendly can  sometimes be a touch "hippie-elitest".  the food was alright.  their homefries were quite tasty but little else has tantalized my taste buds and i have tried many things.  i do love their thai dressing, very yummy on the salads.  will i continue to go back?  probably, wishful thinking is  a good thing.
4	For vegetarian food in Pgh this place is hard to beat. The quality of the food is very good, but the kitchen tends to be slow so bring a friend/book/deck of cards, and the serving sizes are somewhat inconsistent. The coffee drinks are OK, but I don't come here for those. I love the atmosphere of this place, very laid back, cozy, inviting. My favorite eats are the soups and the pile-o-hashbrowns (think haystack without the artery clogging gravy).
4	OMG chocolate espresso milkshake MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm
4	YUMMM.  Read the Yelp reviews before coming, so I knew to get the ginger lemonade and hangover hash.  Both were amazing, filling, AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).  Totally worth any effort it takes to get there (seemed to be in the middle of nowhere, I had a couple mile walk to get there.)
3	Every time I visit QS I hope for a better experience, but continue to receive poor service and ok food. I always get the feeling that the wait staff does not want you to be there. It is never friendly. It seems cold. Food is ok, but often taste old and like it has been reheated multiple times....ugh. I really wish they would put a lil' more effort into customer service!
4	We go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. It's veggie diner food at it's best (at least in my opinion). My bf is a meat & potatoes man but he absolutely loves the breakfast  Homefries with tofu instead of eggs. The waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive. This establishment is best described as a greasy spoon for vegans and vegetarians so if you go in expecting gourmet, you may find yourself disappointed.On cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!
5	Stopped in as I was driving through Pittsburgh. Had an awesome bagel sandwich and some tasty vegan pastries. Very cute atmosphere. Totally sold me on Pittsburgh.
4	I've only been here for Sunday brunch, but I look forward to dining here again in the hopefully near future.  The frittata was thicker than any I've seen elsewhere (it looked like a square of lasagna) but very tasty.  I liked the inclusion of sliced potatoes.The Low Country grits were creamy and also enjoyable, but not too flavorful.  I didn't really taste the fakin' bacon or the garlic supposedly in the dish.  I'm not surprised though,  since a lot of vegetarian places seem to go light on the seasoning.  Definitely ask for cheddar with your grits if you eat dairy.  The three kinds of hot sauce on the table also help perk things up.No complaints about the service, but they use some sort of chemical cleaner (for the floors or to wipe down the tables, maybe?) that's unpleasant-smelling.  I noticed it less the longer we stayed, maybe because I got food in front of me, but one would hope that a vegetarian establishment might opt for more environmentally friendly and less noxious cleaners.  Other diners were also commenting on the smell when we were there.  I'm guessing this isn't a regular smell to the place, though, since no other reviewers have commented on it.  The cash-only policy is also a bit of a nuisance, since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still, I will come again with my greenbacks.
4	right by my house, spicy peanut and cheesy snake are amazing.
5	I've been going here very regularly since 2002 and they've been getting better and better.   It evolved from a coffee house & music space to a straight up restaurant.    They catered my wedding and my yinzer family liked it despite there being no meat.
4	I make a point to visit this restaurant every time I'm in town. I'm a mostly-vegan vegetarian who has been living in the San Francisco Bay Area for over 17 years, so my expectations for veggie food are rather high. Quiet Storm cuisine does not disappoint. Creative and fun menu items, and plentiful vegan options.
4	Aw it's places like this that make me love Pittsburgh. Its hodge podge decor and hipster crowd are what drew me here in the first place, but turns out the food and coffee is pretty decent even delicious. Since it's far from where I live I don't get to come here half as often as I'd like but I'm always pleased when I do. Such cute boys.
2	I'm going to revise my review of Quiet Storm.You may get lucky and find yourself faced with an awesome rendering of a fabulously-designed vegetarian sandwich. In my experience, however (considering the 30+ Cubanos I've eaten there), you're more likely to get a sad, mediocre rendition.Consistency is not their strong point.Add to that the likelihood that you may be dosed with some surly owner attitude, and I've decided to steer clear.It's a shame that I no longer feel it's worth it to chase the beautiful dream of my first meals at Quiet Storm. It's also a shame that many of their staff are wonderful, friendly, and helpful, and yet their efforts are overshadowed.Sorry, Quiet Storm. As a Pittsburgh vegetarian, I want to love you. But you broke my heart.
3	This place is so hit-or-miss for me. Sometimes the food is amazing; sometimes it is terrible. Example: I ordered the spicy peanut wrap for the first time and fell in love with it. I came back a couple weeks later, and it was bland and unappetizing. Maybe there is someone who works in the kitchen who doesn't know where the spice rack is-- I don't know.The 'waitstaff' is hit-or-miss, too. Sometimes, they're great. Other times, I've waited for ages just for a menu. One guy actually snapped at me for asking for a breakfast item at lunch. That said, there are some good dishes, like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes, teas and coffee drinks, and a nice selection of locally-made vegan sweets and pastries. And I love the magazine and book rack, even though the magazines are usually two years old. Still fun to read.
4	Nice little coffee house with good food.  My only complaint is that the food was NOT HOT ENOUGH, which is a bigggg turn off for me. However, it was still so good that I'm giving this place 4 stars.  The apple panini was a delicious hot mess clearly invented by somebody who got the munchies and only had raisin bread, apples, cheese, and seitan around....the result is amazing.  This place just needs to make sure the food is warm!Dip is a huge ripoff, btw....$5 for a tiny portion :/  they should lower the price on that item.The salsa that came with my sandwich is some of the best salsa I've ever had, though. Dunno if they make it themselves.
4	The Quiet Storm is a classic, being one of the largest selections of vegetarian and vegan entrees in the city. Recently came with about 13 people for a Saturday lunch. I won't speak for everyone's dish, but I got the curry which was very tasty, if not a bit skimpy on the rice and a little thin for my liking. My friend got the QHF, which is a tofu scramble mixed with home fries and seisage which was absolutely delicious. She also got a side of spicy aioli which went extremely well with the breakfast dish. The service was prompt and they just left pitchers of water on the table for us which was great. Always a great choice for meat-eaters and veggie's alike. If you go with a large group though, beware because it is difficult to work in the added gratuity and tax with the cash-only. The waiter wouldn't let us split it up and take individually, so it was difficult on that end.
4	Quiet Storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem. Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape, I never would've expected this colorful, creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.My dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a "shampoo", a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda. It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long, but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up. Among them, an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon, mango & lime, white choc & mint, etc.), an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade, lavender lemonade), and some excellent-sounding tea combinations. To top it off, almost all flavors were available in the form of vegan milkshakes. How they concocted all of these culinary ideas is absolutely beyond me. (I apologize to the coffee drinkers. As a tea drinker myself, I hardly paid attention to that half of the menu.)The apple panini I ordered came out quickly and was complemented with a side of tortilla chips and salsa. My panini included granny smith apples, apple butter, sharp cheddar, cream cheese, and seisage (vegetarian sausage) atop sun-dried tomato bread (though it seemed more like raisin to me). Never in a million years would I have come up with this strange combination of flavors, but it definitely worked. As described in the menu, indeed it was "highly addictive".Table service was great, nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual. No overbearing waiters, no frills, etc.Given the fact that I live about a mile away, I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future.
3	Remember the days of bands in the back at night, and interesting kids hanging out at the bar all day? Well, the bands were the first to go, followed quickly by the comfy sofas. The kids didn't take long to leave, and now, years later, faced with a frankly less-than-appetizing Saturday menu, I find that the ability to substitute something else for the increasing amounts of potato filler is gone, too.Quiet Storm used to be a straight five star. My last experience was honestly two-star, but nostalgia and history don't allow me to give it less than a three.I'm sure all the changes over the years have been in the name of efficiency, but they've come at expense to the clientele. Here's hoping Quiet Storm rediscovers the mojo (and the menu) that once made them great.
4	what a bonkers menu!  delicious and lots of fun.  the service was fantastic.   we ate here on a visit from NYC and had two very unusual and delicious vegan burritos... then stayed for tea.  loved it!
2	The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and "spicy" Cajun soup were very mediocre.
1	I'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over 3 years. Every time I have ever gone, the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also, the cooks look like they are lacking hygeine. the one great thing about this place is their coffee, and that's it.
5	For me, this was an especially warm experience. I arrived in Pittsburgh and came straight from the airport. The coffee was perfect, the company was even better. I ordered the home-fries with tofu and cheese. They were extraordinary. The tunes being dj'd by the barista didn't hurt either. I definitely dig this place!
4	I love this place, it's the Beehive,  Starbucks, Eat N Park, and every neighborhood coffee shop in America tossed together in one place.Unfortunately on this day we arrived after the kitchen closed, but the friendly barista behind the counter offered to make us a drink. I had a soy green tea latte, he chose a dirty chai latte, made with coffee and tea, interesting!My green tea latte was served piping hot in a pint glass, not the Shamrock shake colored green tea latte you get at Starbucks, this was the color of your father's old white shirt that hasn't been washed in a few weeks. Not as syrupy sweet as Starbucks either, but a nice dose of natural brown sugar gave it a nice taste. And it was a nickel cheaper than a Starbucks "tall". Good deal!My friend Jamie's dirty chai latte was good, again not overly sweet, which is ok for him, he doesn't have a sweet tooth. Next Sunday we'll go back earlier when the kitchen is open, the take out menu looks great, healthy, low fat, and vegan.
4	Quiet storm is a really cool vegetarian restaurant. The time I was there the service was fine and the food was unique. Their menu is a limited on the weekdays, your best bet is one of their many quesadillas.I'm not as concerned about the preservation of vibe and atmosphere, as long as the food still tastes good. I was in love with the pierogidilla and happy to leave the table feeling full without having any meat.I wrote a review of Quiet Storm on my web site, Binge! http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/07/07/ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield/
5	ahaha!  i ordered a bowl of mac n cheese thinking, "it'll be a nice side dish."  little did i know that it would be a BOWL of mac n cheese.  and it was so good i had to eat it all.  ugh.  food baby.graham street tofu is the bomb.and the 5th star is for the pinball machine in the back.awesome.
3	A nice, cheap place to get your vegetarian/vegan eat on.  Brunch is always nice and the specialty coffee drinks are fun to look through, if only for the names, meanwhile, you'll be eating off melamine and drinking from odd glasses; but, the food is great for the price and someone has to employ all the hipsters on penn ave.
5	The Quiet Storm is one of the coolest places in Pittsburgh. Not only for food, but for the atmosphere and milkshakes!  If you are looking for a place to bring your parents, in-laws, uptight but good-hearted neighbors -don't let the hipster decor and server fashions lead you to think it will be a shouting match over noise music and avoiding awkward half-nude paintings, the food is genuinely delicious and the space objectively interesting.I recommend the grilled cheese with apple and cream cheese, although both times I've gotten it it's been a little heavy on the cream cheese so if you are conscious about that kind of thing, ask for light cream cheese. I also absolutely love the buffalo tofu tenders, bread sticks, and the mac n' cheese. Also don't forget about their extensive and interesting drink menu! Lavender lemonade, root beer and espresso? Sounds delicious to me, and makes me wonder when The Quiet Storm will be getting a liquor license...the answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind...
3	(I'm 29 and have been a vegetarian for 17 years)For vegetarian food in Pittsburgh, I say this place is aces. But compared to the many other veggie restaurants I've been to in this past, this place is average. It's really hit and miss with their dishes. When at a veggie place, I usually try to change it up each time I go to keep my diet varied. This has proven to be a little difficult at Quiet Storm because it seems every other time I get something I don't like. Apple Panini is amazing. Nachos are great! Curry wasn't spicy enough. Grits runny. Milkshakes YUM! I feel like the cooks don't have a good handle on cooking tofu there. Different dishes require tofu to be cooked for different lengths of time and it different sauces, and it has always tasted bizarre when I get it there. Sometimes its not pressed and cooked long enough. Sometimes its dried out! How can tofu get dried out? This is coming from someone who LOVES tofu. I can eat silken tofu straight out of the package with a little soy sauce and sugar.If you have spent anytime in Portland, Oregon... the atmosphere in this place is very Portland. Outdoorsy hipster cafe style. It's loud, but I couldn't imagine it another way. They also have pinball, which is awesome. We haven't taken advantage of this, but they do have board games and books available as well.
3	We stopped by Quiet Storm for a late lunch while on vacation in Pittsburgh.  The food was excellent.  I had the cheese steak and my husband had a peanut tofu wrap, both were served with chips.  Everything was great.  If I had any complaint it would be that I didn't see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it.  I'm not a big fan of it, so had I see that I would have asked for it without.  Other then that great place!
4	I didn't realize that Quiet Storm was a completely vegetarian restaurant until I noticed the word "seitan" printed after every meat item on the menu. Normally I'd find this annoying, as I'm an unabashed and unapologetic meat eater. That doesn't mean I don't love a good veggie dish, but fake meat masquerading as real meat is one of my pet peeves. If you're going to serve vegetarian food, don't try to pretend it's anything else.That grievance having been aired, I ordered the Blackadilla, a quesadilla boasting no false meat items, but stuffed with black beans, basmati rice, sweet potatoes, pineapple and cheddar cheese. It was delicious and filling, and at $8 for the enormous quesadilla and a small house salad, a pretty good deal. The menu at Quiet Storm is large, with breakfast and lunch/dinner items as well as an array of cafe drinks and desserts. In spite of the prevalence of seitan and tofu, there are a number of dishes that I look forward to sampling upon return.And I do plan to return. As those of you who have read my other Yelp reviews know, the atmosphere of public places is very important to me, and the atmosphere at Quiet Storm does not disappoint. It's got a retro cool '50s diner vibe and a more modern but equally cool soundtrack that entices customers to stick around. The wait staff encourages this practice, giving diners plenty of space to hang out long after they've finished eating.The one downside of Quiet Storm is its location, floating among gas stations and abandoned houses in Garfield, an area sandwiched between the more pedestrian friendly neighborhoods of Bloomfield and East Liberty, but not quickly accessible from either. It has to be a pre-determined destination rather than a drop in for random passersby. But that might just be OK.
3	Daniel Fast friendly restaurant with good food. Stopped for an early supper before Saturday night church service after searching Yelp for vegan restaurant options. Food was good, service was good, price was very reasonable. Think I just found a new Saturday evening supper spot.
2	I really, really wanted to like this restaurant. Hip, quirky, vegetarian/vegan. Lots of owls and kitschy deco. I eat meat occasionally, but had a vegetarian buddy here to visit, and thought this would be a great choice. What's not to love, right? Well, for starters, the service. Our server was really nice, and had lots of reviews, suggestions and alternate ideas for what we should order... but the service was mind-numbingly, ridiculously slow-- and the place was half empty. Plus, even after two requests for napkins (which were not provided to begin with, and not available from other empty tables around us) we never received any napkins at all. I'm not really a messy eater, but come on!Maybe part of the problem was expectations? We kicked things off with the "firesticks" appetizer-- some really tasty quesadilla-ish things. After that, our orders (I had the thai salad) were just kind of... boring? Strangely spiced? I feel like the bar was set high with the app, and then none of the entrees met the expectations of yummy veggie goodness, and my dining companions agreed. I also ordered a cup of the mac & cheese, and it was awful. You know how when you reheat elbow mac & cheese in the microwave, and the cheese gets all greasy/gloopy and the noodles stick together? Well, it was exactly THAT, with some powdered garlic sprinked on top. Really. I should have made my own leftover mac at home and not paid $4 for a cup of that. Learn from my mistake.We had planned to order milkshakes, too, but our server spent so much time in a black hole or something that by the time she finally returned, we'd been completely finished with our meal for at least 15 minutes. For $4 (and probably a ridiculous wait) per milkshake, we decided to hit The Milkshake Factory on East Carson instead.
2	Why do vegetarian restaurants think we need "fake" meat, this I do not understand.  I had a primavera sandwich which was just ok, but the patty on the roll was just as perplexing as the "mystery meat" you get in your elementary school cafeteria. My sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chips out of a bag.  Otherwise the atmosphere was fun, and the wifi was free if you ask for the password.
2	I've been back to Quiet Storm many times. I can accept the hit or miss service since it's pretty cheap and casual. That's not really an excuse for bad service, it only somehow softens the blow, but why be mediocre? The environment is comfortable (unless you sense the servers don't want you there). The music ranges and is appropriate for the environment. It's never too loud or aggressive. Free wi-fi helps and the milkshakes are slammin! The food is inconsistent, but often good. The Black-a-dilla is my favorite. I really want to like Quiet Storm, but it only merits 2 stars. Their food, service, and hours are inconsistent. It seems they often close early. Owners, please stick to your business hours. It's not like you're open that late to begin with! Perhaps everybody wants to go home, I don't blame them for that, and you may have run out of a few things, but try to imagine the disappointment of trekking out there to enjoy your favorite shake or snack and then being turned away.  OR, If you believe this is an acceptable business practice, it would be less infuriating if you simply changed your hours to '9am - until we feel like it.'  This way there are no set expectations and we can't really begrudge you for it. ...My vote is to just stick with the hours you created.Thanks!
3	My experience has been ok at the Quiet Storm because I have 1) not deviated much from my usual menu choice (Original Home Fries = delicious) and 2) I have often known several members of the wait staff at any given time.This has given me reason to continue eating at Quiet Storm on occasion.Negatives... I have eaten with several others over the years who have been wholly dissatisfied with their meals (small portions, not enough seasonings, could taste baking soda flavor in baked goods, etc). Service can be a little slow at times. And I have been burned a few times when going out of my way (it is a little off the beaten path for many) to score some delicious Home Fries only to find that the QS had inexplicably closed early.Despite this, FOR PITTSBURGH, the QS is a good spot for vegan/vegetarian fare.
3	So when we first went here for brunch, I had no idea it was a vegetarian restaurant.  That's an unpleasant prospect to face down after a hard night of drinking, which is the only time the idea of brunch ever occurs to me.  But then, the grim Spectre of Laziness appeared to me and asked, "Do you really want to drive to another place?  Just look at you. Your wearing the same shirt that you wore yesterday dude."  The Spectre of Laziness is a dick, but he was also right.  And to my surprise, nothing I had was bad at all.  For brunch options, meat eaters will find that potatoes and eggs are the cornerstone of any breakfast, and seitan substitutions are not as bad as say, having the grim Spectre of Laziness point out your slovenly appearance.  I think the biggest surprise in this place is that, though nothing is particularly jarring to the palate, there is nothing that really stands out as being amazing.  In Yelp terms: it's kind of a 3.  For hard core vegetarians having a night, er, mid-afternoon on the town, it's probably a blessed change from the meat based culture that Pittsburgh is pretty famous for.  But I'm willing to wager that very meat eaters will become converted to vegetarians after this.  Maybe they did TOO good of a job substituting meat items.  That being said, we did make it back another time for lunch where I had a vegetarian gyro.  My friend said it best: "What's the fucking point?"The service is always very sweet, but both times the waiters have been curiously, nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing, you really don't have too many other options so just eat it.
5	I wish we lived closer to this place. They had the most amazing French toast (stuffed with apple butter and cream cheese) I've ever had.
4	You don't have to be a vegetarian or vegan to enjoy Quiet Storm.I've been here for both breakfast and lunch and haven't been disappointed.  The menu has a good selection of both vegetarian and vegan dishes and the specials change daily.The only issue I have had is with service. On a particularly crowded Sunday I asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup, or even checked in after our food came out.  I know it was busy, but other tables seemed to be doing just fine.  Despite the poor service, I returned, and haven't had any problems since.
3	Honestly, this the last place you'd ever expect to see me. First it's a vegan/veggie cafe, I am a complete carnivore. Secondly, it's like hipster brunch paradise, I'm super preppy (a heavily tattoed preppy person but still).  Yet this was one of the only places open on Labor Day and I walked in with my vegan friend, she immediately recognized her people and practically jizzed in her pants over the menu. OMG seitan gravy and cheez?WTF is seitan gravy and cheez? Why does she keep calling vegan cheese, "cheez" anyway? I decided to go with the flow and order the Home Fries Ranchero. Basically their "famous" home fries, chili, sour cream, eggs or tofu and cheez. I went native and ordered tofu vs eggs, and you know what? I liked it. It came out in a big heaping pile on a 70s retro plastic plate, accompanied with some awesome coffee. My friend had hummus and pita, cause not only is she vegan she only eats things in the white/beige color range (food racist).One bad thing, the bathroom has no door, only the stall does. Basically it's a unisex bathroom where all the delightful sounds and smells can be experienced by diners directly in front of you. For a place that serves chili and "cheez" they may want to reconsider this open approach.There are some previous reviews about arrogant hipsters/bad service etc. I have say our waitress was awesome and attentive. My coffee was filled routinely, she understood that requesting a "buttload" of cream meant a larger carafe of cream rather than a thimble. The host was apologetic for making us wait for more than a few minutes to sit down.I do admit it does have the indie coffee house feel, and yes hipsters abound here, but I have a feeling these are some legit hipsters. Not the trust fund having, whiny, I drink PBR, and annoy people with my smugness style hipster.  I bet these hipsters been squezzing their junk into tight pants long before I was born. I don't know, I just get that impression. I however feel a little weird for writing such a positive review on a uber crunchy place, so I feel the need to go slash tires on someone's Prius now.
4	Being an omnivore myself, I have fended off several attempts to visit this restaurant.  My girlfriend is a veg-head aka vegetarian and had wanted to visit Quiet Storm for a while.  When we finally visited this week, I was pleasantly surprised.  There is definitely an old-time diner feel with a bit of arts and crafts mixed in.  If you're reading this, chances are that you have some notion of the crunchy/hipster/longhair reputation of this place and that perception is certainly accurate to a degree but I did not find the service pretentious or slow at all, as some have noted.  Our server was attentive, although there were only about seven folks in the place (it was off hours, about 4 PM on a Monday.)  I enjoyed the apple panini with seisage (a maiden voyage for me), apple butter, cream cheese and cheddar.  The apple butter, which seemed almost an add-on when I looked at the menu, was actually the star here and the sandwich comes on sundried tomato bread that really adds a lot of flavor to a very simple idea.  My only complaint is about the size of the sandwich.  It could have been larger.  My girlfriend ordered a burrito that was honestly huge and she found it tasty and worthy of a doggie bag.  I would definitely go back and would like to try their weekend brunch, which is supposedly quite good.According to the menu and reputation, Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable.
4	Quiet Storm occupies a special place in my heart compartment because, one lazy Sunday in 2004, I discovered Alfred Bester's The Demolished Man. Imagine my joy: a cyberpunk fan, finding a tattered copy of some anonymous-looking book in some proto-hipster cafe (this was back before it was toooo hipster), and discovering the glories of Alfred Bester. (Seriously, The Demolished Man is good.) It also fit in perfectly with the blue collar/gentrified charm of Pittsburgh in general, and the Hill District/Lawrenceville/Bloomfield in particular.Anyway. I have returned now in 2011 for a veg brunch, and it was a pleasant, if not-so-good-value-for-money experience. I got the True Grits (yeah, Jeff Bridges, yeah), which was a HUGE bowl of grits (some shaved, grocery store-feeling cheddar on top), a pile of delicious, chopped lemony kale, some pretty blah scrambled eggs and a large glass of cranberry juice (very healthy!). Overall, it was fine. I didn't like the $12 price tag so much (seriously, grits is pioneer food and you're charging me $12!), nor did I dig the shades of hipper-than-thou among the clientele, but shrug shrug.
4	They have these tofu tenders, which are akin to a vegan buffalo wing.  I can't put my finger on it, as there really doesn't appear to be much to them in terms of some sort of secret cooking technique, but holy crap, I can't get enough of them!  I had 3 orders in 2 days, and since it's tofu & not some greasy wings... it's a legitimately healthy meal/snack.The Cheesy Snake -- a vegetarian cheese steak -- can be made with vegan cheese, and it's pretty slammin, too.  The slaw tastes like liking a brick of salt, and the coffee etiquette -- pouring old pots into other, half-full pots -- leaves a bit to be desired, but overall, I know that it's one of a few places in Pittsburgh that serves vegan food that's pretty awesome.
3	Despite my 3-star rating, I think I will be coming back here again to give it a second try.I got the smashed potatoes with seitan, cheese, and aioli.  The first bite was OK--the aioli didn't quite suit my taste, but everything else worked pretty well together.  However, 20 some-odd bites in to the dish, the flavors were getting repetitive and the mushy texture started to gross me out.  I got about half-way through eating the dish and the so-so aioli became too much for me.  I couldn't take another bite.However, my wife's apple panini was delicious.  I would probably eat a few of those if I came back.  The cream cheese, cinnamon (from the bread?), and apple all worked together in glorious harmony.On a strange note, while we were eating, some camera guys came in and started setting up what looked to be an interview.  We asked the staff what was going on.  Apparently someone was filming their submission/application to be on a reality show.  "Oh cool," we thought.  "What reality show?" we asked.  "Not sure, something on the Golf Channel," they replied.  HAHAHAHA!  I thought watching grass growing on TV was boring enough.  Now they're making a reality show about it.In the end,  the gross aioli was inexcusable to me.  Otherwise, I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot.
1	Yes, it is reasonably priced.  Yes, my food was tasty (6 on a scale of 1-10).  However, the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that.
4	Tasty horchata - dessert before the meal of veggie Cuban with smoked tempeh ... Yum!Cool funky space with low key music & friendly waitresses with plenty of tats
2	Yes, I know.  I'm probably one of the few people that has rated this place with two stars.But let me explain.  My friends and I wanted to try this place out and had high hopes.  I haven't heard of many vegetarian/vegan places in Pittsburgh so I expected to have some awesome vegetarian food.  However, from the get go, our host was absolutely terrible.  He did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward.  There was obviously room in the restaurant for the four of us but he had to "look in the back" to see if there was room.  One of the other servers eventually sat us in a clearly empty table that we could have picked out for ourselves.  Our first host came back, reiterated the same thing the server told us, but never gave us menus.  I had to go out of my way to ask for menus about five or ten minutes after we had been seated.To be fair, our assigned server was very nice.  She was friendly and approachable.  But of course, our food came and mine was cold.  The potatoes in the hash I ordered was stale, old and cold and had such a small accompanying serving of bread.  Also, our utensils weren't given to us until after our food was served.  I know I may be sounding like a little bit of a snob but utensils should be expected before the food arrives.  Not to be completely biased, the rest my party had decent food.  It just wasn't anything special.  Definitely not worth $12 for brunch.Needless to say, I will not be coming back to this place.
3	I came into Quiet Storm not intending to have lunch, but just a latte and hang out to answer some emails for a little while (working from home makes me stir crazy, so bouncing around local coffeehouses, completely NOT fitting in with the crowd kinda makes my day sometimes). I walked up to the bar and was just going to grab a seat there, but super hipster server guy asked me to take a table, because it had an outlet to plug my laptop in. I didn't need to, but  ... good lookin' out. Anyway, ordered my latte - good espresso, but pretty weak foam. Served in a pint glass. That's fine. Menu actually looked really good, so I went for a sammy with apples, seitan sausage crumbles, and cheese. They offer different sides, but my super hipster server guy didn't ask me what I wanted; so being a newbie I figured maybe that was only with certain menu items. I was wrong, when the guy taking care of the table behind me was asked what he wanted. My fault for not speaking up. Sandwich was good, not to die for though, and frankly kinda small for $8. I'll finish with this: Internets are free, right? So, where's the code? Did I need to ask??I'll definitely go back though, intrigued by a few other things on the menu (like bbq tenders and pulled 'pork' quesadilla), and hopefully be a little more impressed.
4	We've figured out where all the hipsters go on the weekend for brunch!Really excellent french toast, just like my dad used to make. I had the breakfast burrito, which I thought was OK, but not something I would order again. But, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere. Sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, I felt like I was in the Mission in SF (OK, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in CA). Kid friendly too, if that's important to you.
5	After three trips to Quiet Storm I am hooked.   I had the Bahn Mi, then the Veggie Gyro, then a burrito.  All were a large portion with excellent fresh ingredients at a price that was really really great.  My significant other is addicted to the chili, which actually has a good heat level.  Also the milkshakes are to die for.  Can't get enough of them.Service is prompt and attentive.  The waitstaff is knowledgeable and friendly.  Service is quick even when they are busy.  This is the perfect casual restaurant.  The decor is funky  and cool.  There is even a pinball machine!Will return again and again I am sure.
5	Solid vegetarian and vegan food, great coffee in a cool atmosphere. What else can you want? I had the breakfast burrito with tofu (the "black and gold" I believe it's called) and it was quite good. The ambiance is correctly described as "hipster" and it's exactly what you'd expect from a hipster vegetarian coffee shop/restaurant. Five effing stars.
5	Everyone I show this place to loves it. Yes it's totally hipster and funky. Yes, hipster service isn't going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you. But the employees are chill, and it's all about the food, milkshakes, and coffee. The rotating menu is awesome, and I've tried a lot and never gotten anything bad. The chai milkshakes are amazing, as are all of their drinks. I'm not even a vegetarian and this one of my favorite places to go over and over!
2	So I admit my boyfriend and I actually didn't know it was vegetarian/vegan until we had ordered our food and looked more closely. We went this past weekend and had brunch. We each had thai coffee which was ok, not stupendous, not horrible. He ordered the veggie burger, and I had the chocolate oatmeal pancakes.His burger was unseasoned and fairly cold, my pancakes were okay...but to be honest really lacked flavor (the taste of what I imagine cardboard to be came to mind). I don't discriminate, I'm all for veggies and vegan food, but just because those are your ingredients doesn't mean you can't cook things well and add seasoning.I am intrigued to go back because the apple cheese panini sounded possibly better than what we had.  I will note that ourwaitress was very sweet and friendly, but the food was just lacking in flavor so much that it's really deterred us from going back.
1	Ugh... I got a plate with seisage, tofu scramble, and sundried tomato toast. My whole plate was entirely dry, chewy, and unpalatable. I had high hopes for the tofu scramble, especially after seeing positive reviews about it. But honestly... It tasted like nothing. I thought it'd be moister with a creamy consistency that might come from silken tofu, but it was hard, dry, and chewy. Hubby got a country burrito that was much better in comparison to my plate... But that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate was doused in gravy. Anything will taste better drenched in gravy. We think the gravy tastes like the powdered packet kind where you just add water. On top of all this service wasn't the greatest. I had to fish around for my own ketchup and they didn't even bother to ask me what kind of toast (3 options on the menu)I wanted when I ordered the toast option for my meal. Then they didn't bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $12 entrees that come with coffee or juice. We had to tell someone else to get it for us. Also they don't really wash their cups. There are 2 sink basins at the front where they just dunk the cups in one soapy basin then dunk the cups in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink. It made me not want to drink my water even though I was thirsty. Good idea, but poorly executed food. I've had good vegan and vegetarian food before that's consisted of a lot of fresh greens, avocados, and more. For a vegetarian place, there was nothing green on our plates. This experience sadly fell enormously short of our expectations... Could've eaten at kaya or meat and potatoes for the same price.
5	My husband and I stopped going here, back in 2010, because of the bad service we were receiving. We used to call the servers "Whole Foods Rejects"; they were always cranky and we felt not welcomed, rushed. At the end of 2011, I think they got a new manager, the service has been optimal and we haven't stopped going since. Their food is delicious as well as their drinks and coffee.
4	Artsy little alternative cafe diner with good food and nice wait staff.
4	I decided to grab dinner on a Saturday night at Quiet Storm. It wasn't packed so I grabbed a seat at the bar. I ordered their Graham Street Tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda. The Graham Street Tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again. I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times. I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes. I also like the laid back vibe of the place, bringing me back to Forrest Gump time.
5	Great chill spot! Definitely hipster.The staff is super awesome. Great place to have a coffee and chill, write, or for dinner. The food (very vegan friendly!) is really good and a great price.Glad to see this spot still around when I visit back home.
5	My boyfriend and I come here every other Saturday, at a minimum. He gets the QHF with eggs, I get the QHF tofu, side of onion gravy. It's potatoes, eggs or tofu, cheese, seisage, PICKLED ONIONS (the best), and this yummy aioli (let's be honest, it's mayo). I wouldn't call it healthy (maybe I'll consider adding some vegetables to switch it up), but it's the perfect hangover food or post-long run indulgence. They do have many healthier options as well, we're just hooked on the QHF and can't stop. I have also loved the country burrito, grits, and hangover hash. They only have the QHF on Saturdays (and other days) and have a different pre-fix drink included brunch menu on Sundays. The coffee is delicious also. Sometimes I wish the staff were a bit friendlier, but they're all pretty busy running around. The absolute best part is that they're always crowded but there's almost never a wait when we go, which makes for the perfect brunch spot!
5	My word, this place is outstanding. I have been here twice from out of town and both times were the highlights of my trips. The food is excellent, this time I had the country burrito (double gravy, yeah baby!). The portions are large and out quickly.The food is almost besides the point though because QS really excels in the refreshment department. This is one of the few places that makes me wish I had more than one life to live, because I know without living in PGH I will never have a chance to try all of the incredible milkshake, coffee, lemonade and "other" cold and hot drink options. I mean, they have TEA milkshakes. Extraordinary. Service was friendly and quick. Street parking is ample. The interior is bright and welcoming.6 stars. No. 7 stars.
1	Worst tofu scramble ever. Days old, cold, hard, inedible.  Sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish. I can't even believe that the server, let alone the  "chef" thought it appropriate to serve. Brought my 2 year old along, had to get a high chair, I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one.
4	Love this place! The decor inside is really cool.I'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks.
5	The food here will blow you away. The depth of creativity of the items, the menu's being designed around what's available to increase both creativity, changes and environmental sustainability and the overall unique interior design are all screaming at fans to come back. Do love it from the second I drove past it and screeched to a halt. Glad I did.I don't & can't drink coffee so I can't speak for anything but the Earl Grey Tea which is good, as it is in many other places.Overall, go.
4	I am no vegetarian so I cannot speak for those who are really into that, but this place was awesome. I had been scoping it out for weeks when driving by. Finally I met someone there for lunch. Wifi. Check! Unique and Awesome Milkshakes? Cheeeeck. Tasty awesome foodies. Double Check. I was quite pleased with my experience and I can't wait to go back.
5	I had about half a day to kill in Pittsburgh, and this is where I ended up. Traveling with food restrictions for any reason can be quite difficult these days, and Quiet Storm was a sanctuary for me to just sit down and have an awesome, vegan meal without worry of going into anaphylaxis.I had a bowl of something-something with I think tahini sauce and veggies and a huge thing of hot tea (I had laryngitis and was just very, very sick so I can't recall much other than how good my food and tea was), and my fiancee had a sandwich that came with some chips and really, really, really good salsa!The restaurant is just down the street from the Children's Hospital and I'm just really glad my fiancee found this place so I could eat safely without worry.
5	We love Quiet Storm.  My kids (aged 5 &2) and I are all vegan, and this is the only place we can go out to eat where everybody is happy.
5	Nothing matches in this place! The tables, the chairs, the tiles and that's how we like it! Lots of delicious vegan items. Definitely a good place to try new things. Good coffee too!
4	I've been introduced to their kale offerings and must admit, I'm a huge fan. There's a kale salad that you can ask them to put in a wrap and it's absolutely phenomenal. Almost all of their veg options are fantastic.The downside of QS is their Sunday brunch. I know, I know most brunches are breakfast foods only, and this place is no exception. On a personal level, I don't really care for breakfast food for lunch and since you have no other choices, it's not my thing. Like I said though, this place is fantastic for veg food, so give it a try.
5	I can't believe it's taken me so long to try Quiet Storm.  Weekend brunch was great vegan comfort food. We had VTL (messy, delicious red potato smash with seisage, scrambled tofu, and queso), Country Burrito, and sweet Nyam (corn and coconut spiced pudding cake with banana and sweet potatoes). We started with the vegan nachos which were super tasty. Friendly staff and kid friendly, even on a busy Saturday afternoon.
2	I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good, but if the overall service sucks, then well, it makes it hard to enjoy a tasty meal. Sorry Storm, you need to improve this.
4	I am not a vegan and went there to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere. I must say the hipster 'tude of the place was intimidating at first, but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food, but there were lots of vegeterian and vegan options.
4	The fare is pretty standard for a natural/ vegan/ vegetarian spot: lots of tofu, tempeh, veggies, and combinations thereof in burrito or bowl form. That said, it is particularly fresh, flavorful, and carefully prepared. Quiet Storm has a really nice vibe and feel to it, and the spice lovers among us will relish the bottles of Sriracha diners are allowed to have their way with at each table. But what I really came here to talk about are the milkshakes. OHEMGEE. I don't even know how to describe them to you. The vegan ones are just delectably decadent and so thick that you can barely drink it through a straw. There are so many flavors that you cannot possibly decide which would be the most scrumptious (answer: they all are!). But I'd urge you toward anything involving peanut butter. Too bad I was just visiting (or maybe that's good- I would not be able to stay away!).
4	Great cafe for brunch and coffee. Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere. Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods. Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal. If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.
1	I imagine that this is the restaurant that I would make if I were 20 years old and knew nothing about restaurants except dining in them and what looks and sounds cool.  In that it does some things right, but none of the important things.  It has a decent sized shop with large windows and its bright, so that's good.  They have good music, but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speakers in the place.  Its a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it has to be too loud for the people close to the speaker.  I know the trade-offs of sound systems all too well.  If only there was a way to solve this problem like... just riffing here... more speakers at a lower volume?They had a greatest hits of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artists selling their paintings like at every coffee house you've ever been to.  They include coffee/tea/juice/whatever in the price of the brunch because, like everyone, I hate choices too and I definitely wanted at least one of those.  I'm looking at the menu and its a vegan/veggie place so we're never going to be good friends but I'd like to think that there's something that looks halfway decent but it all looks awful.  There are two Tex-Mex-Ranchero breakfast dishes... that's at least one too many; and there's only like eight choices which sounds like plenty as a number but I assure you it was not enough here.I go with the Egg Frittata as my least bad option and it ends up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note.  It comes with a salad that is not bad, but who wants a salad for breakfast.  As we're leaving the waiter, who's been fine the whole time, asks us where we're from and my girlfriend answers "D.C."  The waiter replies, "Oh, I'm sorry about that."  Now, neither of us is actually born in the D.C. area, nor do I even particularly like living there.  So I'm not personally offended, but I'm not sure if someone from or living in Pittsburgh has solid footing to talk the business about Washington D.C. or almost any other large city.  Its not like property values in Pittsburgh are indicating that everyone's clammoring to live there, whereas in Washington D.C., they are.I was not enjoying the restaurant before that, but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true, then go anywhere else.
4	Me and my kids got food togo from here, because it came recommended from someone at the local food co-op as a place with good vegan options.Cute and attractive DIY style decor.Friendly staff.I really liked the food quite a lot (i'de give it 4/5 stars).  GOt a tofu banh mi with a side salad.  When I asked what dressing they had, I expected to hear the list of "usual" uninspiring dressings that vev/non-veg restaurants often have.  The first one she mentioned was a green chili dressing tasted as fun and yummy as it sounded.My kids didn't really love their vegan homefries meal (with scrambled tofu and a weird vegan cheese sauce thang).Anyhoo.  Really pleasantly surprised with this joint, and the food was pretty reasonably priced.  As with any place I review, I am subtracting a star because they aren't all veg.  Anyplace selling eggs dairy and flesh isn't perfect for me.  I'de probably really call this 3.5 stars.
5	I love quiet storm! I think it's as good as you can get for vegan cuisine. The country burrito is BOMB! So good, there has to be crack in the gravy. I also enjoy the tahini queso, I often add it to my burrito. It's best on the nachos. For around $13 you can get a delicious filling breakfast/brunch coffee/tea included. They also have great pastries & dairy free coffee drinks & milkshakes! It's a vegan dream come true. It does get a little crowded during Saturday mornings so expect a wait, but completely worth it. The atmosphere is oozing with hipster ambiance associated with the area (Garfield) which also means they often play good music! Last time I was there it was all Neil Young! Accompanied my burrito perfectly! I definitely recommend this place to vegans & NON-vegans alike!
4	I'll be honest, this wasn't our first, second or even third option for breakfast, but when it came to early Sunday grubbing with a group of six, this was pretty much the only place didn't have a two-day long wait. In fact, there was no wait at all when the six of us popped in a little after noon on the weekend. Odd, but my group was hungry so we didn't question the kismet. The restaurant is pretty enormous as far as cafes go, and it's nice because they don't pack the tables on top of each other so you're never going to be crammed next to a crying baby or having to scoot your chair in every time the table next to you needs a coffee refill. The furnishings all appear to be second hand finds as well as local art and LOTS of owl statues. It's a hoot, for sure. One weird thing is the one bathroom with the sink outside, so if you're sitting in the back you can heavily monitor who comes out and doesn't wash their poopy hands. On the other hand, if you go to the bathroom here you'll likely feel like you have to make your hand washing some sort of big production so the other people in the back will take notice of your exceptional hygiene habits.I was feeling pretty sick still and actually brain washed myself  into believing that my weekend bug was actually morning sickness so on top of already feeling super nauseous and not hungry, and naturally my non-motherly instincts wanted to starve whatever demon might be brewing inside me but the hypothetical baby's daddy insisted I eat something and took it upon himself to order me the tofu scramble, which I was sort of excited to try despite feeling otherwise very green. It was actually very bland and dry and even though I think it was only like $3, I think I would have rather had the $3 in my pocket than the scramble so I took a few bites and then pawned it off on the boo who insisted I try his veggie breakfast burrito. The burrito was the total opposite of the scramble- absolutely outstanding and even though it was the size of a guinea pig, I think I could have downed the whole thing (of course, I would have blamed it on my imaginary incubating child and said I was eating for two). Going around the table, everyone seemed content with their food, besides the grits order that were decidedly bland, but that's kind of how I've come to think of grits in general. Our service was great and though most of the table's food was just okay, that burrito, the owl statues and the house horchata I ordered as my beverage really made the experience for me. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I can understand the 3-star average on Yelp, but that I think you can totally come here and have a 4 or even 5 star time if you order wisely. Just remember: Burrito, horchata and time the bathroom-goers for extra entertainment. PS- I'm so NOT pregnant (in fact, can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?), but thanks for your concern.
4	Sandy had me holed up in Pittsburgh looking for a flight and staying with my wife's aunt. She adventurously agreed to go with me to a veggie place and that's how I ended up here. Nice layout with tables along the windows and more in back. If you're not familiar with this kind of scene it could seem a little rundown, but to my eyes it was fine. Really, it's kind of the proto-typical East Coast college town vegetarian hangout.The aunt-in-law is a meateater and in her seventies, but she really enjoyed her tempeh Cubano. And she loved her lavender lemonade. No room for dessert though.I got the Banh Mi and it was very tasty. 'Nuff said.The service was in my mind delightful. The server was engaging and welcoming to my somewhat timorous companion, explaining the dishes to her and making a recommendation that worked out. He was efficient and personable.Too bad I won't be back in Pittsburgh anytime soon, or I would make a repeat visit for sure.
1	It's cheap, I'll say that, but otherwise it's bland food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily. There are many better vegetarian and vegan options to choose from.
4	I love good vegetarian options! Immediately upon stepping into Quiet storm you'll realize their myriad of owl decor and local art hanging on the walls and counter top. The place is comfortable and is perfect if you want to just relax and read the paper. This little cafe has it all - milkshakes to die for, vegan baked goods, yummy breakfast burritos, and killer french toast. Their imitation meat was average compared to some other one's I've had - but it's not something to harp on. The service was pretty fast and friendly as well so remember to tip well!
3	Food was great--- vegetarian burrito stuffed with mac and cheese???? yes please.  Also had a great pot of tea, and a bangin' white chocolate hazelnut banana milkshake.  It's a really cute place, too.however, the owner was seriously rude to me and my fellow guests when we asked to split a check (which they state on the menu is allowed).  Not even passive aggressive- straight up aggressive for something that was not our fault.  so that was a sour end to my experience at Quiet Storm. but my belly was satisfied.
2	Andrew here said it best: "...  food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily."It took me 40 minutes to get a sandwich here, and when I complained I didn't get an apology, just a snarky remark "well you can see we have a small kitchen"
2	I'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant. It just has to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant. Like, every time I start reading the menu I think Ashton Kutcher is going to pop out and tell me I've been Punk'd.A small disclaimer: I am not vegan or vegetarian and I never will be. I love meat. But I also love vegetables and fruits and pretty much the entire food pyramid. And these things can be combined to make tasty vegan food. But "Texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasonings" is not food to me. Yep, that description of their "chorizo" comes directly off their menu. Eating vegetarian does NOT mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed "foods."Less processed substitutes like tofu, tempeh, and seitan are used as well, but they are mostly treated as a stand-in for meat. I guess if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat, this may satisfy you. However, as an omnivore, why would I eat a faux-BLT when I can eat a real one? How about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat, we actually come up with creative combinations of vegetables, fruits, and legumes that are delicious in their own right. What a concept! Have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought, "Whoa, I can't believe I actually like this better than meat"? I have! But don't expect that feeling here. It will be more like: "Umm...I guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled eggs?"Two stars because I really like the drinks here. The ones I remember trying were the ginger lemonade, the Mexican hot chocolate, and the root beer with a shot of espresso. They have some really wonderful sounding tea options that I wish I could try, but I generally avoid this place because of the food.
5	The best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in Pittsburgh is also my neighborhood watering hole--I'm so fortunate. The food is great (especially love the ginger sunflower dish and spicy peanut wrap) though newcomers may think otherwise. You have to appreciate what they can do without meat or other animal products. The drinks are amazing.The hipster atmosphere reminds me of Portlandia. Staff is friendly. Gets busy at brunch time on the weekends.Quiet Storm gets 4 for its food, 5 for cool factor, and 5 overall.
5	Let me first say that I have been a vegetarian for 15 years and have never been to a veg restaurant before. Looking through the menu here I actually got excited, because I didn't have to ask "does this have meat in it" a million times. THERE WERE SO MANY CHOICES! I have the excitement of the little girl on Despicable Me "It's So FLUFFYYYY!" My excitement aside, the menu was pretty large for all veg food. They have breakfast all day, which is always ok with me. Prices were average (~8.50), and portions were large enough to provide lunch for the next day. (Although I have heard that the Cuban Sandwich is on the small side).I had the Banh Mi, which was fabulous. The bread was fresh, aioli was nice, vegs were pickled just right, but the tofu was a little on the dry side (on next day lunch reheat it was perfect). I was surprised by the veg seisage. It was really good. Gazpacho was nice, although I am not really a fan of cold soup. It reminded me of a smoother salsa. Good, but just not my thing.Sarah S. had the special, home fries with chili and cheese.  This was on the spicy side (a good thing) and came with tortilla chips. She was happy with it. Latte's are good too.All in all this was a good experience! I think this is my new favorite place.
5	Great atmosphere, lots of owl decorations.  The staff are very nice and are really trendy. It looks like they are working hard. I experienced fast service even though the cafe was almost full. Temperature was nice and the noise was average, they have some good window tables. I would say there is a good mix of regular neighborhood locals here, hipsters, and intellectual types. The demographic also includes college students. It's all Vegetarian or vegan, yay!  The food is normally very good.  I did have one experience where in terms of how spicy I wanted my meal I replied, 0 out of 10.  The food came and my dish was probably an 8 out of 10 in terms of spicy-ness.  I could barely eat it as could others at my table.  Eventually I gave up trying to finish it.  I could have asked for a replacement but I chose not to but Im certain they would of fixed it for me if I had.  But other than this instant I've found the food fresh and well cooked.
5	I was somewhat worried about going here since the reviews seem to be bimodal, so I was pleasantly surprised when our food was flavorful (some reviewers complained of blandness) and not trying to imitate meat (some reviewers said that seemed to be the goal), but exploiting the wonderfulness of vegetables and scrambled tofu (which, despite the other complaints, was just fine). We had the "tenders" appetizer, with both the vegan BBQ sauce and the vegan wasabi mayonnaise. We much preferred the BBQ sauce, but I am guessing if you are a wasabi fan, you would like that too. We all thought it was wonderful. On the advice of the server, I had the peanut wrap. It was spicy, heavily peanut-flavored, but full of yummy veggies. I also had a side of chili, that I liked a lot (and I make my own veggie chili at home, so I am picky). Ben had the apple panini with the gazpacho side. We both thought the gazpacho was kind of plain (it got better by adding chili!), but the apple panini (with "seisage", cheese, etc.) was very good. Finally, Panchu had the coconut burrito, which was huge, but he ate the whole thing, and was very happy. We all split a vegan cinnamon roll for dessert, and I really wish I had been able to get my own!Some complained about the wait; I think this place fits well with the "slow food movement." If you want fast food, go to McDonald's.So, based on one observation, I gave it five stars. YMMV.
4	Like other vegan reviewers, I very much enjoyed the wide range of options. I always feel spoiled when I have actual choices. The food was very good and I will definitely go back again. It is not really exceptional ... I did not have a 'how did they do that?' moment. Someday veggie-vegan restaurants will not have to make food that looks like omnivore grub, but this place fills a very important niche for now.  I like the vegetarian-vegan mix because my wife could also enjoy her eggs with cheese (she is not a vegan, but eats vegetarian a lot). On the service ... we had  a very nice waitperson who was very helpful without making a nuisance of herself ... which is our ideal.
5	Quiet Storm is a delicious and cozy little place located in the colorful Bloomfield area. The buildings surrounding Quiet Storm are often painted with cute art or have little interesting things about them. I love this neighborhood, but I love Quiet Storm even more! I've only been here twice, and I always want to go more often but somehow it doesn't happen. I've turned on three of my friends to Quiet Storm too, and they love it just as much. The first time I visited I ordered a tofu hash. It was an amazing blend of seasonal vegetables, including some I would never eat otherwise. The tofu was nice and firm, the seisage was spicy and perfectly chewy. The vegan "cheese" sauce was also rich and delicious.  The portion was so huge, I couldn't finish it. Leftovers are rarely as good as when the meal is fresh, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that my leftovers were even BETTER than the fresh meal. I think this is because the spices and vegetables had more time to meld together in a perfect veggie harmony. The second time I visited was 4/21/2013. A group of my friends came here for Brunch. Two of us ordered the Vegan Country Burrito, another friend ordered the french toast with pistachio honey topping and my other friend ordered a tofu hash with black beans and salsa. Everything was generously portioned, but some meal choices were sold out. They were a bit disappointed that there was no more falafel. All of us devoured our plates and happily chattered about the complexity of flavor, protein content in vegan food items and how much we loved the atmosphere. Quiet Storm is a great little place to visit. It's never lacking in interesting things to look at while you eat. Food comes as quickly as possible. There are plenty of options to please everyone, and if you think you don't like vegetables, try one of their plates and you may change your mind. (Seriously, I am one of those vegans who hates veggies, but Quiet Storm food can get me to finish all of mine) Tip: If you want to go for Sunday brunch, go early so your favorites will still be available. You may also want to nudge the servers a little more than you usually would, because even though our drinks were bottomless, it was a pain to get them back to give us refills - even for water.
4	My friend and I were having a weekend trip to Pittsburgh (first time!) and stopped in for brunch on Sunday before our visit to the nearby Pittsburgh Glass Center. We weren't familiar with the area & this looked like a cute place- ended up definitely enjoying our time here!We weren't aware that it was a vegan place; regardless, the drinks menu & and the brunch menu both looked amazing. Friend ordered the Nyam, which she said was very filling (surprisingly). I had the the Country burrito, which definitely surpassed my expectations. Decent, good. Friend & I both ordered the Don Juan mocktail which was the highlight of the meal- holy crap! AMAZINGLY GOOD- I always think that horchata tastes a little too watery but the coconut juice & caramel helps round out the drink & make my tastebuds sing. I'm only sad that I can't keep visiting and trying more of their drinks. Might not necessarily go out of my way to come back BUT I would definitely go again if I were in the area. :)
5	I always love going here for some quality vegetarian fare.
5	Our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshakes. We've been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and everything we've gotten has been incredibly delicious. Love this place!
4	Can't believe these negative reviewers calling anyone not like them "hipsters".  This place is very cool.  As vegan/vegetarians, it's not often we can't decide what to order when we go out to eat, but this place has tons of great options!  The decor is scattered and mismatched, but that's part of the whole re-use and re-purpose idea they are supporting.  The food is more American classic style, but there are some unique items as well.  Loved the homemade salsa.  Best I've had since we visited the atomic eggplant in Rochester years ago.  I simply love vegan food and knowing I'm supporting an ethical business.  Our server was really helpful and very attentive, too.  We'll be back next time we make a trip to the 'burgh!
5	The food: A lot of interesting flavors, big portions, fresh ingredients. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.The atmosphere: chill, love the second-hand objects from thrift stores decorations and the corner booth that's not in a corner.Service: Everyone is super friendly. It seems like they work there because they also like the food and atmosphere, and give good suggestions if you can't decide on what to get.
4	I was vegan for years, vegetarian for about 9 years or so. This is a good place for those of us who are trying to eat mainly vegetarian (i.e. me now), or strict vegetarians / vegans. I like it here, but the service isn't always great. I've had a negative encounter with the manager / owner before...it was years ago so hopefully her customer service skills have grown since then.Other than that, the food has never been bad, and normally the servers are chill and nice. Don't expect to get your food on the fly.
4	It had been a very very long time since I'd visited Quiet Storm. For some weird reason, I had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. Well... they do not. But they make milkshakes. Any other day I would have totes been into the shake but...I reeeeeally wanted a smoothie, so I opted out of the milkshake (I know, a rare occasion), and went with a iced chai. I love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it, so you can sweeten it yourself. Super sweet chai is super gross. Just sayin'. I also ordered the Sesame Noodle Platter (noodles, soy, tofu, red cabbage, mushrooms, broccoli, onions, peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. It was a solid meal. I mean, it wasn't necessarily a platter (I think a variety of separate items), but a noodle dish. I liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few, with a massive amount of noodles. I hate when that happens! It was also lightly sauced, not too heavy and sticky. Plus the fried tofu was awesome! Honestly, I've never had such good tofu before. I rarely get it because I think tofu can be so bland, but this was bomb! A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus, throw in friendly service and it's a win!
3	The food at the Quiet Storm is usually excellent and unique. It has lots of options for vegetarians and vegans, and their specialty drinks (coffee, tea, milkshakes, etc.) are very tasty! However, the service is so poor. I have been there probably about 6 times, and each time there is an issue. The waitstaff usually seems confused and doesn't appear to care about the customer very much. There has never been a time where I've eaten there and had my order come out correctly. It's either wrong, or something was forgotten. There's also usually not an apology. Today our waiter forgot numerous things (why don't they just write the order down?) and even gave us the bill for another table! As much as I enjoy their food, I will say that I'm getting tired of the service being so inadequate.
4	They have a decent selection of food for a small cafe. They carry both staples, as well as some creative choices. Their coffee and milkshake selection is pretty extensive too.
4	Delicious!! Not a vegetarian, but this place might convince me to switch over. Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF. Excellent coffee too.
4	This place is great! Cute inside, great milkshake and hot and cold coffee drink options. We had the horchata was didn't taste exactly like horchata but was delicious. We ordered the bah mi which came with two types of fake meat on it. It wasn't a traditional tasting bah mi as it didn't have enough jalepanos, cilantro and it was much heavier but the bread was good and all in all it was a delicious sandwich. We also had the flower salad which comes with a heavy dose of kale and smoked tempeh. Really really good with the peanut dressing! Tempeh is soft and very flavorful. Will get again. Found out that they are closing/ moving to an unspecified location next week so we hope that they will be there on our next trip through Pittsburgh!
4	I was thoroughly impressed. I am not a vegetarian but I enjoyed the variety and uniqueness of food options here. I was not upset that I wasn't eating meat at all. I also had something called a root down which is root beer and espresso, and it was heavenly. My only complaint is that it seemed to be a little pricey for the type of restaurant it is. Also, you may have to be a young twenty something hipster/college student to enjoy it, but I am a young twenty something, so no complaints here.
