1	Friendly staff, but horrible crust on that Pizza Mia.  I admit, I was starving, desperate, and being cheap.  Mistake made.
1	Incredibly rude staff. Wrong order was delivered and the lady hung up rudely for $1.50 of wrong order. Watch out ordering at this place these guys are awful.
1	Hadn't ordered Pizza Hut in a long time thought I would give it a try again because it was close and I had three teenagers to feed. Ordered online and waited extra time to pick up because this location has never had any pizza I ordered ready on time. Arrived and my order was ready but incorrect. Plus found out that even if you order two orders of wings they charge you 50 cents for each ranch. They don't give one or two anymore. Everywhere else does. Guess this is how they have to recoup money plus some for all the $10 pizzas. My options for the incorrect order: wait 10 minutes for another correct pizza while the rest of my order sits or 2) a credit for next time. Considering I was reluctant to order to begin with plus had to pay for ranch I opted for neither. I can get a $10 pizza from Oggies thanks to yelp. Better pizza, same price, and I don't pay for ranch. In business little things become big things in regards to customer perception and "sorry I don't make the rules" even in an apologetic and innocent wish i could help way, doesn't make me a repeat customer.
5	Brought the girls and ordered a meat lovers on thin crust to go. 20 minutes later we had a great large pizza and we ate the whole thing! Customer service here is great.
5	Man this place needs some updates reviews! I've been steadily visiting this place often being as I just moved over in this area, & I gotta tell you this place is off the hook! Pizza is always hot & delicious always accurate. I got pizza tonight & I missed the galls name but I order pepperoni lovers (extra pep & extra cheese) ... MMMM she made some delicious pizza I am looovin in. She sure made sure the $2 extra dollars for extra cheese was well worth it. Excellent service even though I did order 15 min before closing time, no attitudes or crap pizza. Keep up the good service, I usually get pizza here with my boyfriend 3x a week, which is $30 every time. Keep the good pizza comin, & I'll keep the money flowin!!
4	Since the Pizza Hut brand brought in their new pizza's and crust options it's been better and not to mention the delivery service. I am a fan of their pretzel crust because it has that fantastic taste. Still I was not totally satisfied because I am from Chicago, but not a fan of deep dish like everyone thinks I like New York style.
