3	Yagyu has been on the radar for a good while since many Vegas locals have spotted their "Yakiniku" sign.  Apparently, they opened up this week and Philip T. was so kind to remind us that it had finally opened.It's what I would call Korean barbecue meets the finer end of Japanese quality meat.  Yakiniku means "grilling meat" and it's hard to separate the two from just regular good ole fashion Korean BBQ.I was pretty excited when I walked in the restaurant - clean lines, large tables with exhaust chimneys for grilling, and a thermometer announcing the beer was 29 degrees.However, when I saw the menu, I was disappointed.  It was very simple and basic.  I was a bit turned off.  But since we were there already, I just had to try it.  The waitresses also gave us two dipping sauces - a Japanese soy sauce with mirin and another one I can't remember.* Pork Toro ($6.75) - Twelve pieces of fatty pork sprinkled with salt and pepper.  We threw them on the grill and yes, they were amazingly delicious and fatty.* Prime Beef Tongue ($9.25) - Seven pieces of fresh beef tongue and went quite nicely with the lemon juice and sesame oil/salt concoction.* Ribeye ($7.75) - Six or seven pieces of beef, along with three pieces of veggies.  Also, very tasty and fresh.Initially, the prices don't seem too bad.  But I knew we were hungry and if were going to stick around, the bill would have been costly.  I thought we would be able to enjoy a nice meaty dinner, but seeing the direction of the costs, it looked like it would be a pricey meat dinner.  I don't really like how everything is a la carte - kimchee, garlic, lettuce, rice, etc.  With all the Korean restaurants in town, you get used to getting all that other stuff included.And like john h.'s friend, our friend thought some of the waitresses were cute, but that's his fever.Service was good, a bit over efficient this first week of business.  We had at least three different girls ask if we were ready to order, and we were not.  I think they are just trying to be out there, but it can get suffocating.The exhaust doesn't work that great because tears were welling up from all the smoke coming from our grill. Overall, I think it would be good for a snack or light meal, but not for a hearty meal with friends.
5	Finaly I could have Japanese BBQ in Vegas!  Not only I was missing that taste, their quality was excellent.  Can't wait to come back!
5	I would like to say that this was a great place to eat at because it was the first time I've experienced eating Japanese bbq. The food was amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of my dining experience here.All the meats were splendid, with my fave definitely being kobe beef. The peach sherbet I had for dessert (I think that's what it was) was very delicious. The whole time I was there all I did was grill, dip, and chew. I cannot wait to go back.
1	f this place! my boyfriend and i walked in, looked at the menu and walked out.they charge 3 dollars for a bowl of rice. wtf?this place is more like korean bbq, not japanese. false advertisement!and the portions would have been really small, had i ordered them.....dont want to pay $40 for a snack for one person. sorry! dont like leaving places hungry.so thats why we left...i hope they close. prime retail space can be used for something else. rip off prices. get them out now.i guess they tried to differ themselves from all the other korean bbq places in lv. fakers.im mean, but i think its bad business. i really do.
5	this place is absolutely awesome.  it's just like yakiniku I've had in japan or better.  the meat is so delicuous it's unbelievable. it's probably a bit pricey for ppl looking to stuff themselves with cheap meat.  those people need to hit up the buffets.
2	I went to Yagu with my family for dinner.  We were the only customers there.  The meat and the prices were okay, but it's the lack of everything else that bothered me.  The quanity of the meat was small and nothing comes with it, not even a bowl of rice.  I was expecting something  similar to Korean BBQ where you get all the side dishes or at least something.  I hope they plan to incent customers more, I would give it another try then.
4	This place is open late, and the quality of the a la carte Korean BBQ meats are top tier. The grills in the center of the tables are a charcoal and gas combo. The charcoal makes the grilling a little more challenging than say, the non-stick gas 'domes' at The Honey Pig, but the flavor from good ol' coal is hard to beat.We've eaten at Yagyu 7 or 8 times this past year and on a few occasions it seems as though our Kalbi order came out to our table as Prime Kalbi at no extra charge - the meat was intensely marbled. Maybe the restaurant ordered too much Prime Kalbi that week? Their regular Kalbi is gristle-free: consistently the leanest Kalbi I've experienced. At Yagyu, one order of Kalbi ($7) is 11-12 boneless pieces. Boneless Kalbi is unusual and I like it. (It is always awkward when we order Kalbi somewhere else and the server puts the Kalbi bones on the grill last, as if gristle, cartilage and marrow are some kind of bonus course. I always feel less 'Asian' when I realize I don't enjoy gnawing on short rib bones. In those situations I usually end up spitting out the undigestible wad of short rib cartilage after I chew on it for a minute. This will never happen at Yagyu.)At Yagyu we recently discovered the harami (outside skirt) which tastes as good if not better than the Kalbi. The Dinner for Two ($26) is HUGE!! It comes with a staggering amount of food, including soup, salad, an assortment of fresh sushi, a generous assortment of katsu dishes, a bunch of banchan sides, several different meats to grill plus vegetables and I think I'm forgetting like 2 or 3 other items that come with it. Usually we don't order the 'Dinner for ___' at Asian restaurants, but this one is not to be overlooked!I really, really like the Wakame (3.95) seaweed soup. It is served in a big bowl - could almost be a meal in itself.In addition to food, Yagyu serves 29-degree draft beer. This beer is so cold that a thin sheet of slush floats suspended in the frosty beer glass. 29 degrees would make even a Schlitz (not available) taste great and transformed the Sapporo (available) that I ordered into the coolest Sapporo experience one could have. We have done a lot of winter touring during which we've practiced sticking longneck beers in snowbanks next to hot tubs, creating a 'snow bar' of cold beer. Amazingly, Yagyu's is even colder. Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.Yagyu is never super busy when we go. Ichiza (upstairs) is always slammed! I hope Yagyu stays open long enough for people to realize what a good value it is - this place should be a lot busier than it is... I am curious to try Woo-Che Grill to see how it compares...
4	Authentic, reasonable prices, good meat. Yes it's slightly more expensive than a typical Korean BBQ joint, but it's not Korean BBQ joint, get over it.  If you like Korean BBQ, then this is not the place.If you want authentic Japanese Yakiniku, then this is it.  If they could add a few more "horumon" stuff it would be great.
2	This review pertains to the lunch menu only.The Skinny: a watery katsu-don and katsu curry makes a lunch a no-go (2.5) service: friendly, efficient (3), value: the cost of a katsu-don combination and katsu curry was around $16 not including tax and tip.Let me start off by saying that this place really is a Yakiniku place so that's why I must clarify that I didn't try any of their Yakiniku offerings - just their lunch specials.My hubby and I tried their katsu-don combination (which comes with soup, salad, and pickles; $7.50) and their katsu curry (which comes with soup; $8) I really enjoyed their miso soup and salad. The salad dressing had some lovely overtones of yuzu with wonderful fresh ingredients. The miso soup was flavourful, well seasoned, and had a good amount of soft tofu.Unfortunately the entrees did not receive the same sort of loving. My katsu-don suffered from poor textures (ie, lack of crispiness of the katsu when combined with the egg) . Albeit the quality of the pork chop was very good, it was hard to overlook the pool of au jus that the rice was swimming in. Honestly, I would not order this again.The katsu curry plate suffered from the watery consistency of the curry. The flavours of the curry decidedly one note, overpoweringly edged towards too much ginger. The tonkatsu was good but not the best we've ever had.Overall, I would likely not return for lunch however I would consider returning for the yakiniku that they are known for.
5	ok.  five stars for letting me have the gyudon at night.  it was only $5.25.  i posted a pic; it's not your typical gyudon - however, it was mighty delicious.  everyone should try it.
5	The first time the boyfriend and I came here, I was a little skeptical it wouldn't be that good compared to traditional Korean BBQ places. So glad that I was wrong. The quality of meat at Yagyu just surpasses every other restaurant we have been too. This is now our FAVORITE place to get Korean style BBQ. We have probably been to Yagyu more than 15 times =]Menu & Pricing: They don't offer an All-You-Can-Eat option like they do at almost every Korean BBQ restaurant. But since my boyfriend and I can get away with only ordering 3 a-la-carte meat items and be completely satisfied, this is a much better deal for us. We always order 3 a-la-carte meat items & 2 bowls of rice.. which usually comes out to under $30 after taxes.Our Favorites & Recommendations:KalbiPork BellyBeef TongueService:Yagyu never seems to be super busy.. so we always get seated right away. And the service has always been good every time we have gone. So no complaints in the service department.Wrap-Up:Good food. Good service. Good atmosphere. Definitely recommend fellow Yelpers to give Yagyu a try.
4	I wasn't really sure what to expect from Yagyu. Walking in, the place was almost completely deserted on a Saturday night. It left me scratching my head whether I should eat here or not.  I didn't really want to wait for a table upstairs at Ichiza, so hunger took over my conscience and made me sit in Yagyu.What caught my eye on the menu were the three types of combinations for 2. Prices ranged from $27 to $60. We decided to go with the cheapest combo, since even that seemed more than enough to fill us up. Kimchi came out, along with miso soup, seaweed salad, and edamame. Shortly after, a basic salad came out with a very light and satisfying dressing. Next, came a full plate of some fried items (pork cutlets, chicken pieces, gyoza) and about 8 pieces of sushi. We ordered two sides of Portuguese sausage as well, at $2.50 a pop. It was pretty tasty. Lastly, the meats came out while we were modestly gorging at all the dishes presented to us.  The meat showed some quality, which also proved itself in taste.Everything came out promptly. Food was pretty good too. Nothing really blew my mind; but then again, there was nothing to complain about. Prices seemed very reasonable too, considering all the food we got. Almost $16 a person for this wide array of food + dessert. I could see myself coming back again.
4	This is yakiniku like I remember it.  Atmosphere was nice and quiet.  TVs with sports and what not if you're into that.  The staff was very nice, very quick, and everything was decently priced for Yakiniku.Flavor was awesome.  The yakiniku sauce was great.  I kinda wish they had brought out a container of it or something though, as the little dipper was a bit lacking.  I had the Kalbi and Pork Belly.  Both were very nice cuts, that cooked up well, and paired great with the sauce.Girlfriend ordered mixed mushroom platter.  She didn't like the big ones (Eringi) but I enjoyed them, and the others I tried.  She had the tofu salad as well, and said it was good.  Not amazing, but good.Not much else to say as I was going kind of cheap, but the booths were nice and comfy, and the barbecue pit was nice since it was cold out.Definitely give this place a try.  I doubt you will be disappointed (unless you burn your meat, and that one's on you!).
4	I really misjudged this place the first time I ate here, well cause for one. I didn't know what to order.  After eating here a second time, I feel like the place deserved its justice.  I do now have a better understanding of what to order, and how to order it.  I never understood why the prices were so high, untili the waitress came out and explained it to us.  The reason why it's $8.95 or higher a plate for a couple slices of meat, is because they're giving you high quality meat.  They can't do an all you can eat option, because it would cause them to go broke.  With those pieces of meat I can't complain, they were so tender and amazingly satisfying.  Don't be confused in mixing this with korean bbq, in fact there is nothing korean about it, except for the fact that they give kimchi and pickled cucumbers as sides.  My friends and I ordered 2 of the family specials at $39.95 a plate.  It came with 3 types of meat (we ordered prime), beef tongue, and chicken.  OMG, the kalbi is sooooo melt in your mouth delicious.  Try not to cook it all the way, and have the meat be a little pink.  Trust me, the juices will intensify your tongue with a booming blast of flavors! We then ordered another round of kalbi and some other type of meat.  I think this has been one of the best quality meats I've had at a Yakiniku restaurant, for a reasonable price.  The atmosphere of this place is good, the waiters/waitresses weren't rude and they sit you down immediately after walking in.  The food preparation is fast, and they're not bad with splitting the checks.  It was a good encounter in chinatown, where I'm always faced with bad service. All in all, I would return again. Maybe with a group, because all together the bill came out to $120.  But with the groupon, we ended up saving $100.00.  Thank you groupon!
4	We had a groupon, so that probably added one star to our experience? :)We ordered the combination dinner (the one without any exotic items), which was good with a good variety.  It is a Japanese BBQ place, not a Korean one... so... expect smaller portions... I mean, small.Totally loved the pineapple sorbet that came in half of a tiny pineapple! adorable!!!
4	It's like Korean BBQ but with much higher quality meat and much higher price.  Good service and nice atmosphere.  I recommand Kobe beef, Kalbi and Ribeye.  Their spicy cold noodle dish is also very good.
4	So what do the Yelperazzi do after eating, drinking and shopping? We eat and drink yet again! Andy, our resident McFatFat, had a groupon that he kindly offered up to the group for our "snack". The draw for Andy and Lily is the super cold Sapporos. It gets icicles in your mug so if you're into that, you might want to check it out.There's combo dinners (meant for two people) and a la carte items but the menu is pretty stripped down to mostly items for the grill, sides and a few out of the kitchen dishes like bibimbap or soup. It seems combos are the way to go since grabbing la carte stacks up fast. We just grabbed up Combo A ($26.95) which comes with chicken, shrimp, harami steak, and another kind of steak (4-5 pieces of each) . Sushi rolls (8 pc various kinds), two miso soups, two bowls of rice, one bowl of salad (more than enough to share), fried items: pork katsu, 3pc chicken karage, 3pc fried potstickers, and small banchan: diced radish, cabbage kimchee, seaweed, edamame. For two people this would definitely be a lot of food. More than enough to be stuffed, easy to split with three people to a contented full.McFatFat wanted to grab their Kobe style beef ($19.95). It's still not bad of a price for great marbled pieces (8 slices) though it was almost as much as a full meal combo. It was very good- tender, flavorful even without any sauce. The lady made kinda a face when we said that was all we needed which for reals wasn't necessary to do to someone. Yes, there are 5 people sitting there but really it was about beer drinking and having a snack and not having a full dinner with some beer. We already ate and drank a few times so we weren't hungry, but always up to nosh! I probably will go back to do a combo dinner sometime.
4	Without the groupon, this place is still pretty good.  We got the C combo.  (See Site for menu)The pork katsu was really juicy and all the meats were delish.  My recommendation is to cook each meat separately to really enjoy.  Like others here have stated, this is not Korean AYCE.   The concept is similar but this is definitely a different sport.  It's more about the quality and savoring everything.  Of course, more is better.This is probably the closest you can get to Gyu-Kaku (Honolulu, HI).  If anyone has had the AYCE there, talk about premium qualities and combining the AYCE concept.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/gyu-kaku-japanese-bbq-honoluluIf they somehow brought that here in this fattening buffet town, Korean AYCE's could lose alot of their business. Until then, YY is a fresh change of pace from the Korean AYCE places which I love as well.
3	The meat here is of a nice quality but the portions are a bit smaller than at your average korean barbeque. There were 3 of us and we opted for Combo C around $60, which included rib eye, kobe, outskirt, tongue, shrimp and maybe one other cut, as well as two bowls of miso soup, two bowls of steamed rice, a large salad, 3 small bowls of banchan (kimchi, the radish kimchi and edamame) PLUS a hot stone bibimbap. The bibimbap was a big enough portion to fill out where the meats left off, but we still got an additional order of the rib eye; 5 slices for  $12. Tasty meats but with our "meal for two", bibimbap and beers we paid $107 plus tip. A similar meal with left overs was closer to $60 at DJK, so this is a less budget friendly late night grilling option. The beers are definitely cold, holding steady around 28 degrees while we were there. The novelty is nice with the screaming hot grill in the middle of the table- be careful of it, by the way. One of our diners burned their hand on the grill while we were there. There are signs warning about the underside of the table becoming extremely hot, too, so don't drink so many that you become careless!
2	Once again, another Groupon adventure my girlfriend (Dana) and I embarked upon. This time, a deal that granted $50 worth of dinner for only $25. A good deal? Yes...but only if the food is actually good that you're paying for.The first thing we noticed when we walked in was how nice the place looked. It's set up so that each table has their own barbecue grill built into the table, and the whole room was actually done up pretty well. We had plenty of time to notice our surroundings because there seemed to be only one waitress in the whole place. There were two other tables seated, and though she glanced at us twice while she was serving the other tables, she never even attempted to tell us that it would be a moment or anything. After 5 or 10 minutes, she seated us, and we sunk into the comfy booths. We perused the menu, and ultimately decided on the Yagyu Combination A (26.95) and the Yagyu Special (19.95).It was another wait again, and before long we were brought our food. The Combination A came with Harami, Kalbi, Chicken, and Shrimp. In addition, it also came with four varieties of Sushi rolls (California, Spicy Tuna, Salmon Avacado & Spicy Shrimp), an appetizer plate (Chicken Karage, Ton Katsu, and Pork Gyoza), a salad, a miso soup, a bowl of rice, and four sides (Edamame, Kim Chi, Seasoned Radish, and some random thing I couldn't identify).The meat was pretty good, but there just wasn't enough of it. They were good cuts, and actually cooked pretty quick. The chicken was definently my favorite, as it had a nice flavor to it.The sushi was TERRIBLE. It smelled like it was rotten, and tasted similar to dirt. I couldn't even tell if there were actually four different kinds of sushi because they all looked and tasted the same.The appetizer plate was actually really enjoyable. The chicken Karage was the best part of the meal, and the ton Katsu was actually pretty good as well. The gyoza were over-cooked and entirely too crispy though.The salad and miso soup were absolutely disgusting, as were the four sides. The edamame were extremely stiff, and I'm admittedly not a huge kim-chi fan.The Yagyu Special was much better, because it was solely a large helping of Harami, Kalbi, and Rosu meat. None of the meat was seasoned, so it was slightly bland since the only available sauces were Teriyaki, Soy, and Syriacha, but it wasn't too bad.Overall, this place is ENTIRELY too expensive for just mediocre food. I honestly would have rather gone to a steakhouse and spent $20 on a solid cut of meat rather than an assortment of small shreds. Not to mention that the service is just TERRIBLE. For Korean BBQ, or anything at all really, this is not the place to go.
4	I would recommend this Japanese style grilling restaurant. This place was really good. We probably wouldn't have tried it out if it werent' for Groupon but luckily we did and now we are hooked. It is a bit pricey for the amount of meat you get but it is well seasoned. We didn't order the combo specials but ordered the items individually. We started off with the yagyu salad that had an amazing dressing big enough to share for two. And then we had the Yagyu special which has three different types of beef and very delicious which melts in your mouth. And the pork belly is the best! And please order the garlic. they put sliced garlic in olive oil and you cook it on the grill and it goes great with all of the beef.I would not order the scallops since they tend to get stuck onto the grill and too hard to take off the grill.****The best part of the restaurant was the COLD ICE beer! the glass is already frosted and comes to our table very cold about 27 degrees where there was a little bit of shaved ice on top of the beer. Best beer cold japanese beer ever!
4	Order from the combo menu and you'll get more bang for your buck. The ribeye just melts. Unlike Korean bbq, the meat here is not marinated. Just pure delicious unadulterated meat. The sushi rolls made in the kitchen are surprisingly good if you need a break from the meat. Yagyu also serves kimchi, bibimbap and other Korean dishes but I believe Yagyu is Japanese-owned. Very interesting... You'll leave smelling like barbecue but I think that's sexy.
4	Come in for the ice cold beer! Everyone makes note of the beer that comes out with a nice slush on top and rightfully so. It is the whole draw of this place. This was one of the first places that Katrina M. took me to when I first came back from living abroad. The nice thing is that their serving size is not dictated by the AYCE and over indulgent trend of Vegas. I am a fan of getting my moneys worth and I would say that you do get that at Yagyu. The serving size meant for two is the perfect if not a little big. You would not think so because the meat is not stacked high, but with all the sides you will fill up quickly. Between the two of us we split the Combination A. The marbling in the meat made it very tender without being too fatty. The fried items were the last things to be touched. There was nothing too special about their tonkatsu, chicken karage, or gyoza. The side dishes were not bad, I tend to devour kimchi like no other. Give me a bowl of rice and kimchi and I can call it a meal. I was coming off the nothing beats the stuff I got in Korea feeling which is why we didn't ask for refills. We paid forty for the combo meal, two beers, with tip. It is not bad for a quality meal.
4	Very good quality meats, fast service, GREAT for large groups. and if you want BEER- and you want it COLD this is the place. I am not a Beer drinker so that was not my focus, the food was fresh, plentiful, and great quality. This is not your Korean BBQ, this is a Japanese version, with just a bit of sesame oil and lemon on the side...the chicken was pre seasoned, the rest is just the meats.... tasty, and beautiful. You can see care is being given to each dish.  I did not get the KOBE, just the normal meats selection...
4	Get the family special! Yum!!!when i visit vegas.. i usually spend loads of money on overpriced food that all taste the same. but luckily for me.. i have a friend in the area that knew where to go for REAL food. she asked me.. "you ever have japanese bbq?" and here i am thinking... "wow silly girl.... you mean korean bbq?!?" but NO. she really meant JAPANESE BBQ!!! she drove us to the ASIAN part of vegas and took me to YAGYU YAKINIKU where we got the fam special with prime meat. even raw, the meat looked delicious! it was marbled and looked fresh and pink! yea.. it was a little pricey.. but shit! it was kobe beef we were eating! so delicious! definitely stopping by again when im in the area! WHOOHOO!
4	We used Groupon to come here and got one of the two person specials, Fantastic! Good service and we will come back with a big group. They have this beer refrigerator that shows you how cold it is. When we were there it was 29 degrees Fahrenheit. Also, with the Japanese BBQ set up each person got some sushi roll, some chicken and dumpling appetizers, a miso soup and a lot of food. It was really fun and tasty.Personally, I did not like the tongue meat.
4	Yakiniku is Japanese for grilled meat, and is very popular in Japan, Taiwan and N.America.  in Taiwan, where I grew up we simply refer to it as Japanese BBQ.  Although food historians debates if Yakiniku has its origin in Korean cuisine and not Japan, but regardless of its origin, it is still a yummy barbecue treat in my culinary notebook.It is highly recommended if you enjoy grilling your own bite-sized pieces of beef, pork, chicken, seafood and other cuts of meat that are considered more for connoisseurs (e.g., beef tongue "Tan").  And if you are into drinking ice cold beer served in frosty mugs, it is a no brainer.The beef served here are good cuts and sliced thin (~1/4 inch thick), so after a short time on the grill will taste tender and delicious. Aside from the regular beef, the restaurant also have Kobe beef as an upgrade.  Upgrading to Kobe beef, just means you get beef that have more intramuscular marbling, which means even more tender meat from a former pampered cow that drank beer, gets regular massages, and generally lived a very good life.  Since it is a DIY barbecue at your table, do expect to leave the restaurant with the pleasant barbecue smell after the meal.  I know they have pretty good ventilation system, so it is not too bad.  Just something to remember, especially if you have a business meeting to attend after your meal.Price-wise, it is definitely more expensive compared to some other Asian barbecue restaurants in town. But enjoying yakiniku is generally a pricier treat for your mouth and tummy, and you do generally have better quality and cuts of meat.  But they do offer various combinations, which can feed 2-3 people of normal appetite, or one Tony T (yeah, that's me!).  Selecting the combo is also a good way to try out all the different cuts of meat, until you know which cuts you prefer and can order it a la carte.The waitresses here are very friendly and attentive.  I have never had a bad experience dining here, whether in a large party or solo.  The restaurant is usually not super busy when I go, but calling ahead for reservation is still recommended.If you see Groupon or LivingSocial promotions for Yagyu Yakiniku, do take advantage of it.  Which helps make a meal here more wallet-friendly.  With or without these promotions, a meal at Yagyu Yakiniku is still a fantastic experience.Food:  5/5Service:  5/5Price:  3.5/5  Ambiance:  4/5Parking:  3/5  It is located in a very bustling plaza, so parking can be an issue at times, but if there are no spaces in the front, try behind the building.Overall 4/5.
5	The wife and I wanted to use a coupon here before the expiration date of 9/5/11 that we got from an Elite event. I can easily think of five reasons for a five start: 1. Set up- I like the idea of having my own booth and having some privacy. (Compared to the Korean BBQ upstairs) 2. Waitresses were very attentive. She also picked up my wife is the expert here, I can't even pronounce some of the words. 3. The BEER, mmmm. I lost my love for beer but this place is making it a strong come back. 4. The quality of the food: Outside of the fact that I am Very picky; the food was excellent. This is why we wanted to come back. 5. The quantity of the food. We wanted to taste a majority of their food, so we did the $58 menu. Wow it took us about two hours and we didn't eat everything but did try bites. We still had two containers of food to take home. Two suggestions: Ala Cart Put the suggested number of people each option will serve. I was trying to look for either one, maybe I missed it. If not it seems like it is a good idea so people know what to expect.
4	Friendly servers. Melt-in-your-mouth Tender cuts of beef to grill at your table. Prime Kalbi was so yummy. We ordered a combo that included a little of everything and added an order of prime Kalbi. Plenty of delicious food for 3 adults with moderate appetites. The portions aren't huge because of the amazing quality of meat they serve so if you have a lumber jack appetite, plan on spending a little more. Used a Groupon for the whole meal that would have cost around $50-$60 (not including drinks)5 Stars for food4 Stars for price (without the help of a Groupon of course)And FYI to wheelchair-bound patrons, the seating is all booths. Unless you can transfer to the booth, don't plan on getting under the table. The design of the table doesnt allow a chair to pull in at the end. Plan on bringing a laptray to eat off of. A little inconvenient but so worth it.
3	Stopped by here for lunch yesterday from the reviews on the ice cold beer we had to give it a try.  Mediocre food at it's best.... we spent 8 years living in Japan, while the servers and chef definitely appear to be Japanese we felt the food was lacking.   We asked how the curry plate compared to coco ichibanya and she told us it was much better at Yagyu, after the Mr ordered it and pretty well knows it's strait up S&B outta the box he was content with the meal but knows it could have been better.  I had the tonkatsu plate and the sauce was the same that you can buy at any Asian market, the cutlets from both of our meals was way thicker than we are accustomed to but were good.  The 'dressing' on the cabbage salad was SPOT on and really made me smile.  We will be back to try the yakiniku here as the reviews on it are good.We fully realize our expectations are higher than they should be maybe, we just miss the original taste you can't find from one restaurant to the other in Japan.
4	It makes me SO SAD this place isn't busier!  Every time I walk in the most they have are two other dining parties...I've had two different waitresses over the course of my four visits and they were both very sweet and very nice Japanese girls who entertained my mediocre attempts at speaking and ordering in Japanese.  The tables have the grill built into the surface top.  90% of their menu is prime cuts of meat that they serve that you cook yourself and then season and enjoy.  Where's the fun in that you say?  It's the fun of the anticipation of seeing it cook to perfection and having no down time for it to be prepped and brought out to you as the moment it's done cooking that meat is soft and sizzling and ready to eat!  Nom!Don't expect enormous portions as the meat they give you are pretty high quality and cut pretty thick.  About ten cuts per meat.They also had some Korean sides and features, such as bibimbap and kimchi (which was kinda mild for kimchi).I would not, however, recommend the kitchen food.  My chicken curry dish was very much "pour add water, and cook" and was a big disappointment.  Stick with everything you can cook on the table as they do that well!I'm not a beer drinker but they offer ice-cold beer ready to go and a friend of mine swears by it.
4	I came here with my husband using our Elite 20% off coupon . The meal deals are huge so it's best to come here with more than two people just sayin. I think every meal I saw had Beef Tongue in it. I was more than prepared just to set it aside and not eat it. I'm always pestering  my husband to try something new so he turned the tables on me about trying the tongue.  I had to bite my tongue and literally eat one. He kept cooking it for me and I was getting nauseous. The tongue didn't taste bad it tasted like beef but I couldn't help but picture a big tongue with taste buds. My mom would always take me to the market with her and I would see this huge tongue in the meat case. It would gross me out and scare me! That was why I couldn't fully enjoy this experience. Even though I did dwell on eating a beef tongue for the first time there were other items that came with our meal which was delicious! It came with Kalbi (my favorite), Kobe beef, Chicken ( I let my husband eat all of that), Shrimp. It also came with salad, Miso Soup ,  rice, Kim Chee , Kim Chee radishes, spicy crab rolls , and spicy Tuna rolls. It was more than enough for two people! I enjoyed the coziness of the booth because you have your privacy so you can talk freely. My husband really enjoyed their ice cold beer. I wish they could do that with soda for the non beer drinker. The only thing I didn't get to try that I will order on my next visit  is their Kim Chee fried rice.
5	I try not to give too many five star reviews. However, everything went perfect when I revisited Yagyu after the Elite event some time ago.This time, I wasn't wearing my Yelp T-shirt and just went with a couple of my friends because I wanted to experience it as a normal customer.It may seem strange that they have no AYCE, but they have good family value dishes which worked out for my friends and I.Yagyu may not seem like much, but they simply have the best selections of meat. The quality and freshness of the meats they have are unbelievable. I am not picky about meat at all, but I certainly can taste a difference here. It's a great venue that I would recommend to families or coworkers.  Although it's not cheap, the quality will surely leave a good impression on whoever eats here.The service was great, and I was constantly checked up on for refills and whatever else I needed. SImply Uhhhmazing.Best B.B.Q. place as far as quality goes.
1	Worst food ever. I had bought the groupon thankfully because I would have been even more angry if I paid full price. First off, we ordered combo #1, which came with the smallest amt of food & apps, there was edamame, daichon radish, kimchi, soup and a salad. Well as soon as we ordered the food immediately came out which told me all of this food was pre-made. We had a 6 piece sushi roll that was so salty you could tell it was made days earlier and kept in the fridge. The edamame wasn't even good, it was old looking. My bowl of rice was nasty, it had a layer of hardened rice that you could tell wasn't fresh.  Everything was so loaded with salt it was inedible. We ended up spending the rest of the groupon on 2 beers. Don't waste your time, go somewhere else.
5	After the amazingly awesome Yelp Elite event, I had to come back for another scrumptious meal. I have a serious love of do-it-yourself at-your-table cooking - and this establishment definitely hits the spot.The menu is set-up in such a way where you basically choose a meal combo - ranging from about three courses to practically a full-on Thanksgiving. Each of them is meant to be for two people, but the four of us could barely finish the one we got. Considering how much food you get and the quality of the food, this place is a real bargain.Everything was so scrumptious. The seaweed soup, the sushi rolls, the chicken thingys, etc. But the beef (and shrimp) are definitely the highlight. The cuts are just so perfect. And I even got to try something new - beef tongue. And yes, it was yummy too.And did I mention the super ice cold beer? It's the perfect accompaniment to the hot cooking.I am definitely a BIG fan of this restaurant!
4	Eat here often with my girlfriend, staff is friendly, and food is great. It's like having a BBQ, indoors.Lost a star due to 2 new waiters/waitresses.(Not sure if they're new, but have never seen them before.)The waitress was younger than the usual ones that have served us, and she treated us like we didn't know anything, at all.The waiter on the other hand, when I asked for the sauces to-go, gave us to-go sauce containers, and that was it.There are 2 sauces in one saucer, so obviously I can't just pour it in..At least give us a spoon or something, if you're going to do that!All in all, we'll still be coming back, just note that you'd most likely spend around $25-60, depending on what you get, and how many people are with you.
4	Grilled meat and ice cold beer.  Need I say more?Yagyu is a true JAPANESE style yakiniku restaurant. Umm except that they serve some kimchi.  No lettuce cups though.  Just meat and simple dipping sauces.The quality of the beef (especially the boneless short rib - kalbi) is excellent.  Definitely prime.  Upgrading to any kobe style cut is worth the added expense.  Incredible fat content that makes the thinly sliced beef cook in literally seconds for melt in the mouth tenderness.  Because of the fat what looks like a little food can quickly fill you up.  Don't over order and have the staff quietly snicker at you.The beer really is super cold and makes for refreshing, palate cleansing goodness.Yakiniku is supposed to be engaging and fun but if cooking your own food and getting saturated with a heady, smoky, beefy aroma is not your thing (I wonder if the ladies like this scent on a guy?) I would recommend you try another of Vegas' great dining adventures.Be sure to check their face book page for groupon offers.  The food can get justifiably pricey so savings help.Recommended.
5	**Summary**       - Japanese BBQ - They bring you bite-sized raw meats and you cook them at your table.       - Quality - The quality of the meats is amazing. When they bring you the meats you can see how marbled and fresh they are.       - Korean BBQ - Here is the main difference between Korean and Japanese BBQ: Japanese BBQ is primarily unmarinated meats (can be salt/peppered however) that you dip into various sauces. Korean BBQ mostly has marinated meats.**Ordered**       - $19.95 Yagyu Special - Came with the following:              - Harami (Premium Outside Skirt) - My favorite meat. It was the most flavorful and softest of all the meats.              - Rosu (Marbled Rib-eye) - Nicely marbled, but it just lacked flavor.              - Kalbi (Short Ribs) - Tasty like all kalbi. Very delicious. No bones though. Just thick pieces of marinated goodness.       - $9.25 Prime Beef Tongue - Wasn't seasoned as much as we liked when it came. But after we added a bit of salt/pepper, it was just right. It's very tender.       - $6.75 Pork Toro - Like Pork Belly but more meat and less fat. It was a tad chewy after we cooked it, but it was tasty.       - $7.25 Beef Bowl - It came with a salad and miso soup. A pretty good beef bowl and a mighty fine deal.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Japanese BBQ. The meats are of the utmost quality and the prices aren't too bad.
5	SO YUMMY! You gotta try it. My favorite was Pork Toro and their Harami (premium outside skirt)! Prime beef tongue was delicious too.  I took some Beef Bowl home, and it was still fresh two days later.  Excellent, excellent quality of meat!
4	Soooo gooood. Prime beef tongue just melts in ur mouth. The orange and peach ice cream were yummy and cool to look at.
4	We wanted to give this place a try, hadn't had good Japanese food in many months, and the Yelp reviews helped us make up our minds to try it.  The main thing was the cold beer, it was suppose to be the coldest in Las Vegas, and that's the only way to enjoy beer is really really cold, so we stopped in.  For this time of night, it was busy, a few big tables, still around, but we were shown a table and served menus quickly. I let my husband choose the combo for two and the food was brought out quickly, we got for $26.95, chicken, shrimp, harami steak, and another kind of steak (4-5 pieces of each) . Sushi rolls (8 pc various kinds), two miso soups, two bowls of rice, one bowl of salad (more than enough to share), fried items: pork katsu, 3pc chicken karage, 3pc fried potstickers, and small banchan: diced radish, cabbage kimchee, seaweed, edamame. The food was fresh and satisfying for me, my husband is a big eater and he was still hungry at the end of the meal, but with the two cold beers I had with my meal, I was happy.  I would try it again and definitely would recommend trying the coldest beer in town!
5	Best BBQ Japanese restaurant!!! The portion is HUGE. The food is fresh. We ordered combo 39.99 (3 different kinds of beef, tongue, chicken, kimchi) and exotic dish( tongue, liver, stomach) $9.99. Only two of us so we thought it was enough but No it was WAY more than enough. We only finished half of the food. The other half we cooked it  and had it togo. The plum wine is only $5 w/ big glass. I was totally happy w/ the food. I would come back to try other dishes.
5	Wish I had taken a picture! I had a Groupon and decided to treat myself and daughter to this place.  We ordered the dinner "B" I think it was around 39.00 and there was chicken, shrimp, different beef cuts, sushi, salads, soup, dumpling's food just kept coming! I am glad I didn't get more of the Wagyu. My crazy daughter didn't like it and was cooking it to death (I traded her the flank). My total bill didn't even total 50.00. I love grilling my own food to my doneness and the sauces were great. I took home a lot of leftovers and even had pineapple sorbetto for dessert, Very delicious. For the quantity and quality of food this place is really awesome. It was a little quiet when we went, but we were there right when they opened on a Thursday evening. Personally, I like that. I also like that they didn't hover over us, just unobtrusively removed empty plates and filled our glasses as need be. Wonderful experience.
4	The smell of sizzling barbecue still lingers in my ....clothes :) but that is part of the fun!  I came as part of the UYE hosted by Jen S. and dined with Steve W., Anthony M., Misti Y., Bobby Y. and my other half Eric R.  We shared two yagyu specials for the table (skirt steak, ribeye, and short rib) plus an order of tongue.  Eric R. also got shrimp and a salmon avocado roll, Steve got kimchi, and we all split a wakame soup from the suggestions of Misti and Bobby.The soup was pretty amazing, so I would go back for that in a minute!  The broth was flavorful, and it had long strands of egg (my kind of egg drop yo!), wakame and green onions.  They gave us 5 small bowls and we were all able to share it (and one order is only $4.50).  Surprisingly, the ribeye was least fatty of the meats but my favorite nonetheless.  The only dipping sauce I really liked of the 4 was the sesame oil that was seasoned with some salt.  Eric R. and I also got our own bowls of rice which was a great addition to our meal.  The meats overall tasted great, and I especially liked the marbled tongue.  It was a real treat that I am glad we tried!Jen S. and I also grilled up the kabocha garnishes from the meat plate and that was actually a really great idea!  I did not get a chance to try the kimchi but Steve and Anthony seemed to like it.  I had one shrimp (hard to mess that up!) and one taste of Eric's sushi - this isn't the place for sushi but it was perfectly fine.When I return, it is wakame soup, tongue and ribeye for me plus the ice cold beer.  The guys ordered pork cheek with miso at the end but I do not partake in the pig :)  It was a fun interactive meal and I am glad I met Steve, another educator.  I also owe many thanks to the generous Jen S. for hosting and sharing his groupon.
4	Been meaning to try this place for a long time. And finally went...twice in a week.  Came here the first time thinking I would try the shabu shabu and changed my mind last minute to the Combination A: kalbi, steak skirt, shrimp, and chicken with banchan and sushi rolls, and salad.  I was NOT disappointed!  The meat here is premium quality.  I even tried my gf's shabu shabu, and yup, the meat is A quality!This place would have gotten a 5 star except they really missed on a couple of things.  The sushi pieces that came with the meal was so bad, they should just get rid of it altogether.  The second trip back, I didn't even eat it because the rice was dried up. The sushi afterthought would not have made a difference to my meal, and in fact, detracts from what is otherwise an A+ restaurant!
5	What can I say, This place has great service not to mention awesome food. Things to mention here are the chicken katsu with curry. This is the best japanese curry that I have found to date! The shoyu ramen is awesome as well. If you want to try an app try they pork gyoza.... enjoy
4	Here in Hawaii we have a  lot of good Yakiniku joints.  Some that are all about value and not so much about quality, and some all about quality and not so much about value.  Fortunately Yagyu does both.  We met up with some HS friends and wanted to eat some Yakiniku on our recent Vegas trip.  I read the reviews and figured we should give it a shot.  We order their combo deal which had a bunch of different cuts of meat, including Beef Tongue, Prime Kalbi, some chicken Karaage, some sushi, some rice, some soup.......yah, a lot.  Great deal with some good quality meat.  We also ordered shrimp.....it was ok, stone pot bi bim bap....good but not great, and the pork toro......nothing special.  The Beef tongue was a little chewier than I'd like,but the prime Kalbi stole the show.  It totally melts in your mouth.  It was so good we had to order another order of it right after.  Soooooo good.  I'll be back and probably just get like 6 orders of the Prime Kalbi itself.
5	Excellent ... was scared it would be greasy like Korean BBQ - but this was very good quality meats ... service was good ... beer was 29 degrees cold - great combination.  Oh, and thought it would be pricey, but the combo for $39 was more then enough for 2.
5	A few months ago, I got a recommendation from a chef at my local Sushi place(sushi bomb) who told me that "Yagyu" has a better Miso Ramen than both Monta, Sora, and Anime.  As most yelpers already know, Miso Ramen is my favorite food in the world and I've tried the Miso Ramen at practically every single restaurant from the San Diego-Mexico border, all the way to Utah. So, I am quite an expert on Miso Ramen. Does Yagyu have a better Miso Ramen than the rest of the Las Vegas Ramen houses? Answer= It depends on your tastes. Yagyu has a very thick and spicy broth. The broth itself is almost white in color, which is similar to the style you get at the Los Angeles Little Toyko Ramen houses.  The thing that stands out the most about Yagyu's Miso Ramen is that the broth is very oily. This shows you that they probably boiled the bones for the broth for over 20 hours. The amount of natural oils in the broth usually shows you how high quality the broth is.  Yagyu also does something that no other restaurant does. They use those high quality cuts of pork instead of the fatty belly portion. Monta, Anime, and Sora all use the bacon-like belly of the pig for their charsiu. Yagyu uses the extremely lean tenderloin cut of the pig as their version of charsiu. Using this cut of pork is very unique and transforms the traditional Ramen into a very upscale and high quality meal. Mainly, the reason why Yagyu uses such high quality cuts of meat for their Ramen is because Yagyu is NOT a Ramen house. Yagyu is a steak house that serves the highest quality Kobe Beef from the Wagyu cattle. Because there is nothing but the highest quality cuts of meat in their kitchen, they really have no choice but to add high quality meat to their Ramens. The service here has never been less than perfect! It's a Japanese restaurant so service is always gonna be excellent! The restaurant itself is always clean and spotless. Interesting enough, the long reigning super bantamweight champion of the world, Toshiaki Nishioka, eats here whenever he is fighting in America. They have a lot of pictures of him on the walls. Does Yagyu have my favorite Miso Ramen? Answer= Yes.In conclusion, a Steakhouse and not a Ramen house has my favorite bowl of Miso Ramen in the world.
4	Beer sold at 29 degrees was extra good. There's a thermometer there that says what the current beer temp is which is a nice touch.  We ordered a family special for 4 of us which includes a bunch of meat, a side of kimchee or salad.  We added a couple bucks to get the "prime meat" but unfortunately I didn't pay that much attention to the meat.  It always seems good when meat is cooked on a table grill.Excellent side dishes:- Chicken Katsu curry rice - haven't found much japanese curry rice in town and this was excellent- ramen - we ordered both types miso and *i forget*  both were excellent as well, and came with bowls ot share- kimchee fried rice - delicious and also came with bowls.Mochi ice cream to share for dessert - standard and good.Very happy with overall quality of food and side dishes really sold it for me.
5	This was my second time here, the first time more than a year ago with a groupon.  I liked it then and have been craving it since.  This time I can with a hungry friend after driving all afternoon from LA and we ate like there was no tomorrow.  Since the meal was mostly meat, we didn't feel bloated afterwards, just satisfied.  The cold beer was great, too.  I can't wait until the next time I go to Vegas to eat here again.  It was not crowded at all on a Sunday night.
4	Wanted to check out this place after seeing the review for the miso ramen. After checking in I saw that this place had a check-in offer for free gyoza if I bought a ramen during lunch hour. Wow, it's like killing two birds with one stone.Miso Ramen - Ok, I heard that this was the best miso ramen in vegas so I checked it out. It was a flavorful broth, the noodles were cooked right, and there was ground pork, roasted pork, an egg, and veggies. But I do not agree that this was the best miso ramen in vegas. I've had all three of monta's ramen; tonkotsu, shoyu, and miso, and I have yet to find a ramen in this town that could be better than of Monta's three, even though Monta is a little stingy on the portions, IMO.Gyoza - The free checkin special that came with the ramen. The outside was cooked well, and the filling was tasty, only it was a little bland, However, the sauce that came with the gyoza was salty so if you keep dipping your gyoza into the sauce, it balances itself out pretty well
4	Excellent prime galbi.Enjoyed the tongue and the soup.Attentive service.Cold beer was a nice plus.
4	First timer at Yagyu! I took my parents out for dinner for my Mom's birthday (happy birthday, Mom!). We ordered the family special for $39.95, and there was more than enough food for three people (FYI - the special offers two bowls of rice and two bowls of miso, additional costs for extra).Starters:  miso soup, house salad, California roll, assorted kimchi, seaweed salad, edamameMeats:  kalbi, rib eye, beef tongue, harami and chicken (shrimp and sausage too)Additional items: gyoza, chicken katsu and karaageThe assortment of meats were tender and flavorful! The seafood salad was good and the karaage was really juicy. I was not a fan of the gyoza or miso soup, but the chicken katsu was on point! Overall, the food was great, pricing was fair and the service was excellent!
5	Watch this video in the link. http://youtu.be/KAcryBWQgw0That boxer's name is Toshiaki Nishioka. He is the long reigning Super Bantamweight Champion of the world. No boxer from America, Latin America, or Europe has ever come close to beating him. Did you know that he frequently eats at YAGYU YAKINKU?A friend of mine who is Zainachi Korean recently came to town. So where else would I take them? Of course we went straight for YAGYU YAKINKU! Modern Yakinku is the cuisine of the Zainachi Koreans. Many extremely nationalistic Japanese people will deny that Yakinku is the Japanese version of Korean BBQ, but a lot of Japanese-Americans(especially the ones from Hawaii) tend to accept the facts and acknowledge Yakinku as cuisine of the Koreans in Japan. I've known some really die hard conservative Japanese nationals who refuse to acknowledge world history, and even scientific facts. Some of these guys are very stubborn and will deny Yakinku's Korean roots till the day they die. Many people in Japan treat Zainachi Koreans like how some White people treat the Black people here in America. They blame them for all the crime(because 18 of the Major Yakuza bosses in Japan are actually Korean), and most the socioeconomic problems. Conservative Japanese people will practically tell you some kind of bizarre story about how Yakinku originated when a meteor carrying an alien named Jenova crash landed on an Island in the pacific, and the "god chosen" residents of this Island(Japan), used their Laser Eyes and Rocket Punch attacks to defeat the aliens. At the end, God was so honored that he came down from the floating continent of Arcadia and presented the Japanese with Yakiniku..Yes, apparently that's how it happened. Personally, I always liked Yakinku way better than Korean BBQ. They use higher quality cuts of meat, which have that beautiful marbling effect. Yakinku is practically presented as a seasoned steak, while Bulgogi tends to be a thin slice of flimsy beef. The kimchi here is actually something called KIM-UCHI. It's a Japanese variation of Kimchi. Kim-uchi was so popular in Japan in the late 1990s that Korean kimchi companies filed a lawsuit against Japanese Kim-uchi companies for stealing their recipes.The thing I always liked the most about Yagyu is their Miso Ramen. I personally believe that Yagyu has the best Miso Ramen in not just LV, but the whole world! I love Sapporo style Miso Ramen, and Yagyu does it better than anyone. Yagyu's Miso Ramen has a very thick, creamy broth which is swimming with natural oils from boiling the pork bones for over a day. The spices are perfect, not too spicy, and not too mild.  They use an extremely lean and high quality cut of Pork Tenderloin for their charsiu. No other place in LV does that. Even the bamboo shoots are made in-house and are seasoned perfectly. The taste practically explodes in your mouth the moment it touches your tongue. It's the finest bowl of Miso Ramen, period. The only thing that would make it perfect is if they put in at least 1 slice of Naruto. In terms of Miso Ramen, Monta cannot compare. Monta is obviously more of a Tokyo style Ramen house even though they claim they are Kyushu(Kurume). Tokyo Ramen houses specifically specialize in Shoyu ramens. They are practically clueless when it comes to perfecting a bowl of Miso Ramen. Miso Ramen was invented in the city of Sapporo, therefore it's an absolute must to order Miso Ramen from a Sapporo style Ramen house.  So next time you go to a Sapporo style Ramen house like Ramen Sora, it would be a travesty to order the Shoyu. YAGYU YAKINKU's taste is very similar to a Sapporo style ramen, but the ingredients are so much higher quality. Remember that YAGYU is a very upscale restaurant that only serves the highest quality cuts of meat. For example, Monta uses a low quality belly portion of pork for charsiu and precooks it days in advance. They keep it refrigerated, and don't even warm it up when they put it in your Ramen. That's why at Monta, the charsiu splits and falls apart so easily.  At YAGYU, the charsiu is a thick lean cut of high quality tenderloin that is seasoned perfectly, then braised. They cut it fresh before they add it to your soup and that's why all the natural juices burst out when you bite in. I am willing to wager that even the pork bones that they use to boil the broth are from a Organic, Vegetable Feed, Anti-Biotic free, Pasture Raised Pig.  The service here has never been less than perfect. Remember that it is still a Japanese restaurant, so you won't get bad service like you sometimes get at Chinese, Filipino, or Korean restaurants. The only 2 times I ever got bad service at a Japanese restaurant was that insane old man at Ichiza, and the degenerate 3rd generation Japanese kids at Santouka in SD.5-stars and one of my Top 10 Favorite LV restaurants.
4	We found this Japanese BBQ place on a whim when on our search for ramen in Vegas's Chinatown area & were pleasantly surprised. Not only was I able to order ramen at this little gem, but my husband was happy with the BBQ meat options as well. We got the yagyu special, which had multiple cuts of beef, ramen, cucumber kimchi, & edamame. The miso dipping sauce was the superior meat dipping sauce; though, the soy based sauce was pretty amazing as well. We would definitely come back to this place when visiting Vegas.
3	$26 bucks for a dinner for two with a bunch of side dishes, meats/vegetables, salad, and rice? Yes, I'll take it! When my boyfriend and I decided to eat at this we didn't know it was one of those "grill yourself" gigs, so we were super excited. The chicken, I think, was my favoritre because when we grilled it it  maintained a good juicy and good flavor. The shrimp was my least favorite because when I took a bite of the colorful orange flesh it tasted like dirt :(...someone forgot to clean it out after deveining it.Service was fast and friendly.
4	I agree that this place is a diamond in the rough. Came here because our heavily intoxicated stomachs couldn't wait for Ichiza to open and needed sustenance asap. Was thrown off because they had hardly any customers on a Sunday afternoon! But I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly service and fresh food.Their servings are reasonable for the price. Had the beef bowl with tasty marinated meat over white rice. My friends ordered the udon and pork cutlet which were also well seasoned, hearty, and delicious. Overall a satisfying low priced meal that cured our hangovers and prepared us for another day of party rockinnnn.
5	I wish I could eat here every night. "12 more plates of Kobe beef please!" Yagyu is an AMAZING yakiniku restaurant in Las Vegas (Chinatown). All the food here is excellent, but for me the two stars of Yagyu are the high quality beef and the ice cold beer. Do you really need any more of an explanation? Ok then. The Kobe beef melts in your mouth like cotton candy and the beer is served with ice crystals on top in a frosty mug. This place is heaven for me. If you like Japanese or Korean style BBQ and you want to try a high quality restaurant.... this is THE place to go.
2	Bashed real Japanese BBQ =/ Sadly this is nothing compare to the real deal. I'm not sure how this place is surviving, nor has such a high rate... I mean it was dead when i went there around 8pm.Meat quality is embarrassing  to me especially people talk about  how Japanese food is good quality with simplicity, it puts that to a shame. Ton-toro ( pork belly fat) was just rough piece of fat, nothing like toro. Cow tongue was rough jerky meat, and everything else just falls into same category. Kimuchi and egg soup were both just flavor-less, even little different from real korean kimuchi, it should still have lil deeper flavor. Service= nothing to write about.Over-all I feel kind of bad I would love to support a Japanese business and proudly recommend to ppl, and this place just is not it.
4	I'm glad I found this place because I have not been too impressed with the korean bbq spots.  The meat quality here is good and the beer is very cold. Really can't go wrong with the chicken, steak, or pork belly.
4	I was anxious to try the ramen at this yakiniku place after looking at the pictures posted by fellow Yelper Tetsuro P.  The place is very clean and the staff was friendly and efficient.  I came here for lunch and ordered the miso ramen.  It came with lots of takenoko (bamboo shoots) and four thick slices of pork. The portion size was decent.  I liked the flavour of the miso, but the broth was a little bit too spicy for me.  Next time I will have to try the shoyu ramen.  Because I checked in with Yelp, I also got four gyozas for free.  These were perfectly made.  The dumpling was crispy on the outside and very juicy and moist inside.  I also got an order of Kimchi fried rice to go.  It came with an egg (sunny side up).  At first it didn't look like much rice, but when I took it out of the container, there was actually quite a lot of rice.  This dish needed a little more spice and salt.  But after adding a little bit more seasoning at home, it tasted quite good.  I would recommend this place to others.
5	Only been here for lunch. Great service and great food. I always get the Mabo Tofu Ramen, it is delicious! The Gyoza and curry is really good too!
3	So.. ate here as pretty much my final meal in Vegas before my long 10 hr drive back home hoping to get some good BBQ. After browsing thru the menu and realizing I could easily get better BBQ and more of it at a decent buffet for the same price... umm.. I couldn't do it. Ended up getting something on the cheap side and it was ok.. not much meat in the bibimbop I got.. *sigh*.. oh well..Still decent tasting, and it was some sustenance to last me for the long drive... still.. I felt jipped.. I definitely expected some more protein for the price I paid. Suppose I just didn't order the right thing. Perhaps another time, but I think I'll stick with other places I know that are more worth it.
2	Food quality = 1 star.Drink = love the 28 degrees beer. Service = pretty laid back. 2 stars.(I like Korean BBQ, which is a bit sweeter side) However, I am a huge fan of Japanese style yakiniku (BBQ) because I often visit Japan - that's what my clients overthere always eat, too.Well, I don't give a shit about the nationality. Who cares. All I care is the TASTE. So, this is what I think about this restaurant.Kimuchi - very rough, tasteless. Not that spicy, which is ok with me. One of the worst kimuches I've ever eaten.Bibimbap - flavorless. I have eaten bibimbap both at Japanese and Korean restaurants many times. So far, this is the worst.Meat - VERY flavorless. Everything is extremely watery and loose. I think they use cheap meat that is frozen and thawed repeatedly. Terrible. You feel like you are eating non-flavor gummy with yakiniku sauce. It doesn't matter if they are thick or thin - just don't taste right!Rice and miso soup - not to mention.California roll - it's NOT my choice. I've never seen yakiniku place serving sushi. My buddy ordered it (he's a typical guy who thinks Japan = sushi). I tried it - zero star. Desert - nothing special.You get what you pay for - I believe in this, however, here this doesn't work.. I really wanna support small business, but sorry, this place simply sucks. You should go to all u-can-eat Korean BBQ instead. You get more fore cheaper. I paid over $80 for two of us. Not worth it at all. Even if its 30 bucks, I wouldn't go back - this is nothing like Japanese yakiniku. The owner should get better meats and better servers. Better paying more to eat better stuff. If you think this place deserves 5 stars,,,, you should get a ticket to NYC or even LA to go eat yakiniku there.... Or even Japan,,,, the heaven of high quality food....I could've rated one star - but for the sake of half frozen beer, I give 2.
4	best in vegas.. well its the only one in vegas. the things to get are kobe style beef, prime kalbi, prime rosu, pork belly and pork sausage. egg soup to start and i guess veggies and shit too. ok bye!
5	Could eat here everyday if finances let me
4	You have to enjoy Kirin Ichiban, a pale American style lager that is straw colored brew with an ample head that is generally unremarkable except  at Yagyu. Although refreshing,  it is a modest product (5.0% ABV) that I drink only in a Japanese restaurant. But when it is served at 28 degrees, it is an interesting beer. Yagyu Yakiniku in Vegas has this elaborate, instrumented refrigeration system that ensures that the beer is at least 29 degrees. The overall experience of this nearly frozen beer was intriguing. It went well with their house made Kim Chi, ramen and Yakiniku dishes we had. Ice firmed all over the exterior of the glass, and there were glacial flows forming and shifting inside the glass. Interesting experience in that I would have thought hat he beer would yield almost no flavor, but grass and grain could be detected. A normally pedestrian beer made into an experience by how it was served. The food is very good. Both the Miso and he Shoyu ramen is outstanding. Cooking at you rtable Yakiniku style is completely driven by the quality of the ingredients. Yagyu does not disappoint.
3	Overall this is a cool little place.  The food/service doesn't really jump out at you, but the experience of having the grill and the cold beer make it a fun group outing.Food: The food was in the decent to slightly above decent range.  I found the platters to be a great value and would like to venture beyond that.  The platters are a nice mix of proteins and japanese/korean appetizers. The Kim Chee veggies were nice, the Cali Roll/Miso a bit bland.  I would like to go a little further off menu sometime soon though. The meat was normal value, you can certainly get more at other places, higher quality at other places, but this did the job.Fun Factor: There's a lot to enjoy here.  First of all the 29* Beer.  There's a digital thermometer that always reads the temperature. I'm not sure why, but I was endlessly entertained by the changing temp gauge.  Secondly, they give you very well laid out plattersConvenience: It's a big place so you can usually get in pretty quickly. Additionally, since you generally cook most of your own food the food does get there pretty quickly, which is nice esp compared to some of the other places in the center.Ambiance: Definitely nice and clean.  When I was there, no music on and not terribly crowded so it seemed a bit sterile, but to be fair it was a fairly early Wednesday night.Serivce: Service was best described as laid back. They were nice, but not terribly attentive after our original order.  Additionally, I was a bit perturbed because after the meal, I wanted to have a nice cold beer and hang and digest; and they pretty much immediately brought the check. Consequently, I enjoyed the place.  Nothing spectacular, but a fun idea and a great change of pace.  I'd certainly go again.  Cheers!
5	Another 5 Star Offering in Vegas.   Hidden Gem in Little China Town.  If you are NOT GOING TO CHINA TOWN.  YOU LOSE!    Locals welcome, tourist, take a trip into little china vegas style.   This little gem is at Spring Mountain and Arville, next to the gas station on the south side of Spring Mountain.  Upstairs above them is Ichitza.  Another great place.  But lets talk about Yagyu.  The cuts of meat they provide for you to sizzle on a hot griddle, on  your table are prime little cuts of beef, chix, etc.  This is a PERFECT FIRST DATE.  By the end of the night, you will know!  lol.   Its a sensuous experience for sure!    The hot griddle heat blowing on your face, the sound of meat sizzling on a grill, the smell of fat burning off and meat carmelizing, sipping a cold brew, or boba tea, staring into the eyes of the one you love!  DONE!Time to eat.  I loved the meat, its a meat deal!   The sides are nice, but the main attraction is the meat.  Did I say the meat is good!  Try a large platter, you will eat it all.  Its cheap too for that much quality meat.The softside of this restaurant is that it is filled with locals from China town, you will likely be the only white person there, during the week.   Thats a part I love to, its quaint, quiet and fun!   Dont miss this gem, its hidden, but a goldmine in the making!   I want find this in every town in America in 5 years...a man can dream of sizzing meat on every corner...Right.!  RECOMMENDED 5 STAR
4	We came here before seeing Muse on ST P's day since we couldn't find the place my boyfriend wanted. I'd been to a BBQ fire pit restaurant in Japan and had been wanting to try one here ever since. They don't have open flames, but a grill you place your food on, and huge seating areas.Everything in is Japanese and English, and most things are pictured for those who aren't sure what is what. Since we were in a hurry I ordered only one plate of squid, and he got a beef bowl with Miso soup.For about seven bucks the squid size was pretty good, and they give you yummy sauces to dip them in. The grill gets pretty hot so the food cooks fast and thorough.My boyfriend seemed to like his beef bowl, which had chunks of seasoned beef on top of veggies and rice. He lamented that they did not have tempura bananas, like pretty much all sushi places have- but this is  authentic Japanese cuisine, so they won't have that stuff. They do, however, have real Black Sesame Mochi ice cream (it does not say on the menu, but they do have it) for 3$ for 2 pieces. Way better than sushi house prices, plus it is SO good! I've been waiting to find Black Sesame ice cream since being in Japan, and finally found it here, whoot!The bill came out to 22$ before tips, which is a very good price for two people and great food. They serve everything super fast, which is a plus.I'd love to come back and try a whole dinner special with veggies and what not.
5	Best Japanese style Yakiniku spot in town! The platters of Meats and Veggies are priced right and the freezing cold draft brews put a happy grin on this guys face! The Japanese staff and waitresses add to the authenticity so feel free to order in either English or Japanese! Now stop lagging and go get your grub on!
5	Very fresh! Everything tasted really good. Service was great but she spoke very little English so it was difficult to communicate
4	I love the idea of cooking your own meat.
3	gave it a 3* cuz the beer was super ice cold!!
5	Family special, prime. The meat is amazing, even the cow tongue, which I'm normally not a fan of.
5	Omg this place is priceless and theres no words to describe how good the food is. Everytime i go here with my bf and friends everyone is satisfied and super happy. We end up ordering so much all the time because we keep wanting more. Juicy tender beef kalbi and pork belly omg. Even the shrimp is superb!!! I la la loveee this place!!!!!!!!! Cucumber kimchi, droolllllll =)''' so so tasty. A must whether you live far or near! We drive out just to eat here every other week!
3	3.5 starsIt's a mom & pop version of franchise Gyu-kaku. It's a mix between Japanese and Korean barbeque. We got a combo and a pork katsu with curry and it was extremely filling. Oh and we got a 4 Sapporos on draft. After taxes and tip, it came out to $30 per person. The quality of the meat was not the finest but it was good and reasonable for the price. The downside of the combo is that it does not come with any side dishes and those items need to be ordered separately (it's very un-Korean, most Korean restaurants give sides for free). The pork katsu was standard and it was just good as well. The best part of our meal was the 27.7 degree Sapporos. Super chilled with a film of ice on the top. It was so refreshing in the hot summer Las Vegas night.I definitely recommend this place if you want a low-key Japanese/Korean food. The items will not disappoint and will fill you up. The minus 0.5 stars is for the side dishes that need to be purchased.
5	I want to give the restaurant 1 more star for their honesty. I left the iPad there, and they had kept it for me.This is the second time I've visited and the food quality is very good, thump up for beef tongue and liver.
4	Stop reading reviews and looking at food porn.Get in your car and eat here.Tasty tasty meats that you cook yourself, brought to you by very nice ladies.Plus the beer is served at 29 degrees. Like a beer slurpee.What kind of person doesn't want that?Probably just Hitler and he was a big jerk.
5	This is a nice little place, staff is good, food and great. We got the beef lover combo, bibimbap, cow tongue and gyoza. Everything was really good and reasonably price. And I forgot to mention they probably had the best kimchi I've ever had. It even had a hint of sweetness to it which made it really good, because previous kimchi I've had has a very tingly taste to it. I would definitely come back on my next visit and would recommend.
4	super delish had a great first time
5	Absolutely amazing! I love this place! The staff is very friendly, prices are definitely decent.   Quality food/meats (our favorite is the Prime Kalbi), very tasty curry, perfectly steamed rice, and the miso soup! Omg! Yum, such a wonderful delicate flavor!!! I can't wait until I can go back to try the ramen! Yay! This restaurant is definitely a must try, you will not be disappointed!
5	I can't express how much I love this place. Their meats are so good, they're well marinated and so juicy and tender. The staff is super nice and the restaurant is clean.My go to Japanese BBQ. I love their combos! It's definitely a reasonable price for the amount of food you get.
2	Food was good and the beer that my friends had were pretty cool (given the below freezing, slushy like consistency).  The only reason for the lower rating was the hostess and waitress weren't friendly and NO panchan.We asked for panchan (side dishes) but they don't come with our meat dishes - wtf?  Panchan ALWAYS comes with your meat and dishes.  Never been to a place that was stingy with that plus these dishes prob don't cost them any more than a few dollars to provide us when we're spending $80 on our bill.  If we were spending $10-$20 btwn 3 people, I could see a slight issue but come on!   So we ordered the "meal" that came with it and our bill came out to $80.  Alright, food is good but next time we'll go to an authentic Korean place that offers better service and is nice about giving normal amenities like panchan.
4	Free 4 PC gyoza with checkin!! Had miso ramen for lunch. In my opinion, best ramen in town. Add in free gyoza and no one comes close!!! Have only been here for lunch a couple of times so I can't comment on dinner. Oh and that 28 degree beer!!! So good after a hot summer day golfing!!
5	Food was excellent and it was very reasonable.The meats they use are just like very expensive Japanese meat. It melts!! Quality of meat is so much better than Korean BBQ restaurant.
1	I am very puzzled by the good reviews of this place. My family and I entered the restaurant with a very postive attitude for the place almost a great stereotype. Even after waiting for our food for 30 minutes and see pissed off customers leave, we refused to believe it is a bad restaurant. And it's just one of those bad days for these people. Got no apologies what so ever and food was absolutely mediocre.  They make menu item in Korean way but refuse to charge the rice or any of the side dishes like a Korean restaurant only because it is suppose to be yakki niku place.... They pretty much charge for everything. But forget about the money. You could be bit of greedy business owner i get that so be it.  Wairing time and it wasn't busy at all. And non apologetic attitude of servers. Oh btw we saw that the spice bottle has expired 5 months ago and the server just said she recycles it period.... Not suppose to recycle any container that might have expiration date on it???  Anyways hopefully this acutually helps anyone who is considering to try this place from wasting their time. Literally
5	Japanese BBQ is way tastier than Korean BBQ. You grill on your own! I have to say that even if it's not AYCE, this place is pretty damn good! AMBIANCE: 5 - This spot was clean and organized. There weren't that many people which was pretty surprising! Probably because it's a bit on the expensive side! It was warm and inviting inside! Each table had it's own set of lights with it's grill; it was really personal and intimate. SERVICE: 5 - The employees were extremely nice and polite! They were attentive and asked us if we wanted more all the time! (be careful what you say, a lot of things come at extra costs!) FOOD: 5 - I ate the Spring Mountain combo! The gyoza and beef kalbi were my favorites! it was delicious, and it wasn't crazy expensive considering what they gave us! I also tasted the melon ice cream float, which wasn't horrible, but the melon soda is better alone! The combo specials really help you out on the prices, they really are a better deal! Ours also came with a yummy miso! Local Specific Info: great late night snack! 5pm-1amspecials are plastered all over the walls!
3	Not super impressed but overall good food, just seemed a little bit overpriced! The hubs and I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. It was nice Bc we weren't rushed through our meal to give up our table. The waitress let us sit and cook and eat leisurely. We just left smelling like cooked meat Bc we stayed there too long.The hubs enjoyed the beer--with the special refrigeration hing going on.So overall--not the best good--but if you're looking for a more quiet place off the strip for some decent food, you can't go wrong!
2	I gave 2 stars for quality meat other than that the service was horrible. We sat down, waited a while for drinks, & dirty table/chair. The service was rude and unprofessional. Unless I found no other place to eat, otherwise never come back
2	Yelp has steered me wrong on this one. Stopped by earlier this night and ordered the 'Las Vegas Lovers' combo $29.95 and a side of salmon $9.95. The meal came with 2 spring rolls, egg drop soup, and edamame.  The spring rolls tasted bland as well as the edamame. The soup was very good. The meats included chicken, steak, and sausage. The quality of the meat was good. My main complaint was the portion size for the meats. The platter was supposed to be enough for 2 people. What arrived on the plate would maybe feed one of us. Everything was tiny. 3 mini sausages, 4 small slices of steak (the slices were half the normal size), and 4 tiny bits of chicken (about the size you would find in a mcnugget).  It would have cost very little for the restaurant to add a good portion of chicken to make this a genuine 2 person meal. After the combo and the side we were still hungry but unwilling to give Yagyu anymore money.The service was also subpar and a pitcher of beer will set you back 22 bucks. Not to come off 100% biased let me mention some things that were positive about the place. The look of the place is adorable. The egg soup was maybe the best I have ever had. The meat came out thawed, unlike most Asian BBQ places. We were provided two sets of tongs, a bonus if you have concerns about cross contamination. They also provided a piece of pork belly fat to season the grill before use. I have never seen that before.
3	Beef and soup are very nice. But servers are way too busy. Waited 15mins for drink refill. Would have given four stars if services were better
1	Food was good but the service was horrible especially the lady with short hair. ( oldest one )She was asking me how many I said 3 but 1 more is coming then she just walk away without saying anything and go put reserved sign on the table then she just disappeared I thought she would comeback and sit me down but she was doing something in the kitchen and I've been waiting for 20 mins until I can't wait anymore I walked to her and asked can I sit down she said we have a reservation wtf????!!!??u should have told me something ??? And I saw her shake her head ?? What did I do wrong?? She was so rude and unprofessional at all then I waited for another 5 mins she sat me down on the table that put reserved sign?!!?! Who the hell reserved so now I knew she fucking lie then after we ordered they brought out all the food I swear servers never came back and check if everything ok or do we want anything else..........never refill the drinks have to call and waive a hand to her which is I really don't wanna do but seriously damn my cup of water all empty!!!! No wonder why this's place mostly is slow.. Food is super awesome but service is horrible all the times!!!!! If I could find some place that have same quality meats I would never come back here again!!!!!!!!!! 0.5star for service not even 1  (to lady short hair)she could hv been better...:-(
2	It was good but overpriced...sorry but hot dogs? And you gave it a fancy name..oh no never again
1	I don't know how this place received 4 stars. The meat (tried kalbi and rib eye) had no flavor or seasoning, even the white rice was dry and miso tasted fishy. The only thing that was good was the ice cold beer. Paid $70 for 2 people and this has been the worst meal I've had in Vegas. And on another note, nothing to do with the food, we received six different  hand written menus.
5	Great meat quality,  came in late and it wasn't too busy so service was not a problem like in other reviews. Awesome cooooold japanese beer!
2	put in a review abt how bad the tripe was. colored like lt brn, being hard that you might get to choked on it and tasteless . and having abt 2 waitress for a high volume accomodation on the board. and after posting , it was not added to the rest of the reviews from customer s experience. we spent $140 for 3 people. this stablistment should take compliments and bad reviews too.it is a way to hear these  to solve the problems and be greatful for people that are honest and have guts to say say thr truth , its for  their own good and for the restaurant to improve.  and what did this stablishment do to my first review, decided to not show it. that s way too  childist.. the more  customers to think twice before coming to yagyu. oh, one the first write up, i  even complimented  them on the prime combo. hope u guys open your eyes and mind to all  the reviews and do not hide it frm other to know.be thankful that people are saying these things for ur own good. be wise. Like yelp recomented to take pic, thst s a good idea. Even we normally take picture if dishes that are way too good and makes you to eat more.
1	Here on a Sunday night around 6pm and this place is dead. My wife and I have only ourselves to blame for trusting the 4 star Yelp rating and sitting down to order.Miso soup was just plain awful. Never a good sign when a place can't do soup.If you wish to have rice with your meal you will need $2.50 per bowl for that pleasure.Meat was ok taste wise but very pricey for the portion size.
4	The prime meats they have over here are amazing. Melts in your mouth! The two sauces that they serve for the meat are out of this world! If you order their combination specials. You good a lot of food for a good price.
1	only went here because sushi kaya was too busy.  service was terrible finished my sapporo  lady took the glass and didn't even offer or ask if I wanted another beer.  it was really slow and they let all the dishes pile up five dollars for some soggy way too saucy Kim chi. would not return to this establishment. don't appreciate  terrible service especially  when the place is pretty much dead
2	This place is awful.  Pricey and tiny portions, nothing we ordered tasted good let alone fresh, near was very dry and obviously freezer burned,  I honestly can say I couldn't tell what was the pork and what was the chicken, the gyozu had no flavor, the menus are a mess, it's like seven sheets of paper written in magic marker, with no description of the food, the rest is in Japanese, handy if you're Japanese but sucks to be you if you aren't. The server had no idea what was going on, stay away from this place please, try almost any other spot in China town, you'll have better luck
3	What happened here? The last two times I have dined here have been rather disappointing. The menu options have changed and you now get less for more. And that's not awesome. But the meat is still tasty, you still get to grill at your table, and the beer is still icy cold. And the staff are always great. So I'll still come here. I just crave it less and it seems less flavorful and less of a deal.
5	first and foremost FROZEN BEER!!! wow! hole in the wall underneath ichiza and in chinatown. the reason for the 5 stars is because you walk in and you know its not Michael Mina @ Bellagio or L'atelier @ MGM Grand, your in chinatown don't forget this. both times i have dined here it was in the middle of the day for lunch and i was 1 of 2 tables but still service was good. nothing matters when the food is amazing. the food is cheap in my eyes, the prime strip, prime kalbi are both wonderful. best prime tongue i have ever had. the fun part about the experience in this restaurant is that you cook your own food. they have the grill in the middle of the table, you cook your own food, they give lots of sauces, its an amazing experience. don't wear a suit because you will smell like food after but overall, both time i diner here i loved it! never though i would love it so much. recommend it to anyone.
1	Not great. Nothing like Korean BBQ in LA, Japan, or NY. The "prime" meat is just meat. Very small portions. If you order kimchee you get a tiny plate. I don't generally care about pricy places, but this place is not worth what they are charging. It's misleading. No creative small dishes, none at all. No salad, no boiled egg, zero. The tongue was awful--very chewy. I understand it's Japanese BBQ, but still, not good. One star cause the beer is cold. Paid over $100 for crappy food for 2.
5	First time I have been to a japanese/Korean barbeque. I did not know places existed where you cook your own food at a table.  The short ribs were delicious. I will be back.
3	I'm not really a fan of this place. It reminds me a lot of Korean BBQ which is way better and less expensive w/ larger portions. This place seems more like a bbq tapas place. Everything has to be ordered a la carte and the portions are small.
5	Quality over quantity!This might not be giant all you can eat portions but meat cuts and quality of bbq and spices are fantastic.
3	I was on my business trip to Vegas and my coworker who have been here recommended to try. I was surprised to find a pretty good yakiniku place in Vegas! It wasn't the best yakiniku, but it's decent and cheap. It's in Chinatown, so it's not really convenient from the strip, but it's so much cheaper and better than these fancy restaurants on the strip. I think it's worth a trip to here to have good yakiniku if you have a car.
3	I would say that I was most disappointed because their meats were super chewy as heck! Also their plastic cups they use for their sodas were so old and tainted that it changed the flavor of my coke and made it taste like cumin, curry, and armpits? Kind of gross...We ordered the meat lovers combo set with ribeye, kalbi, and skirt meat. They were all chewy except for the ribeye. I'm no meat expert, but I do understand that great meat typically melts in your mouth! Not the case here. We also ordered the miso marinated beef tongue. It had great flavor but not as tender as I would prefer it - still tasty though. The miso soup was good, it wasn't too salty and it was comforting. The spicy cold Korean noodles were good. It was a decent size for 2 people and it was flavorful and refreshing. Both of their dipping sauces were great! I requested more and they barely give extra, but I drank every last drop of it.
3	The beer was really good. I think they set it to 28 or 29 degrees, so the beer comes out really cold to almost becoming slushie. We also ordered the family pack BBQ which included salad, veggies, and different types of meat. My favorite was the beef tongue. I think I could have eaten that all day. I know the portions are small, but the quality is good. This place is great for a snack, but not for dinner. This place is a little on the expensive side for the amount of food you get though. There are specials written on printer paper and taped to the wall, which is quite difficult to see depending on where you sit. I would definitely come back to try their other menu options next time and give this place a more defined review.
1	This particular center hosts the like of Ichiza, Korean Garden Barbecue, and Crown Bakery.  This place is a disgrace to the Center, and would be much better suited for tourists on the Strip.Let's call it what it is; A Korean Barbecue "knock off" at a trendy restaurant price.Portions they give you to cook are small, and are "doggy bag" quality.Service was very slow, less than cordial, and did not merit a decent tip. We actually walked away hungry, and my wife felt bad for suggesting it.If you want Japanese, go upstairs to Ichiza. If you want to eat a lot, and not break the bank, go upstairs to Korean Garden Barbecue.If you want an intimate atmosphere, and want to ask a girl to attend your prom; borrow Dad's credit card, and take her here.
5	The food here meets out expectation and what we really like about this place is the unique hand printed menu and the wonderful services. We feel so good coming here for lunch that we may return again during out stay here in Las Vegas!
3	Ate here about midnite on Fri/23 May:- Service was good.  Nice decore and bathroom was clean/cool.- I had the $12.95 Sanma combo which came with miso soup, rice, 4 small sides (kimchi, edamame, a green veggie thing, bean sprouts).  I didn't put much thought in to my order and wanted to try something different.  The Sanma turned out to be 2 whole fish, long and tubular.  Tasted ok.  Would rather eat tilapia.  - Waitress asked if I wanted anything else before the kitchen closed (restaurant closes at 1 am).  I asked for more kimchi.  That turned out to cost $4.95.- So, I made the mistakes of experimenting with Sanma (should have stuck with eel or salmon) and asking for kimchi without asking the price.- Will give them another shot to try the Yagyu Yakiniku 5-Year Anniversary special, probably go for the $15.55 bbq combo of beef tongue, liver, etc.
1	My friends and I went to this place to eat dinner.There was a dead fly in our lettuce  when we eating the BBQ. The server had very bad attitude. She just took that lettuce away and came back with a slice more lettuce!!!   She said nothing to us, not even a SORRY! We felt so bad and disgusting because of  that dead fly in our food. Really bad service I ever had! Not recommend.
3	A girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try finding it on yelp. First impression of this place, pretty cheesy menus because first of all they are hand written. Second they hand you about 5 different menus. You also have hand written specials with drawings on pieces of paper everywhere on the walls of the restaurant even the bathroom. After looking through all of their menus we had a few questions about items we weren't sure about so we asked the server.  The server had no idea what they were either and had to go back to the kitchen to ask them.Even though the server didn't quite know the menu she was very nice and sweet. Food was pretty good nothing horrible but nothing spectacular either. The frozen beer was nice even though they ran out of kirin. Overall I probably will try other places first before going back to this place.
4	Although I haven't tried the bbq I really like everything else on the menu. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual and its never too crowded which I like. Also its open late which works great when I get off from work late at night.
5	Another underrated Japanese restaurant. I totally disagree with the 3.5 star rating.If you rate less than 4 to this place, chances are you just don't like Yakiniku or don't know what it should be like. It is not only lucky for Vegas to have a Yakiniku restaurant, but Yagyu is also very good on its own scale!Yagyu in LV is Juban in SF or Manpuku in LA, that is, where Japanese clientele gather when they crave Yakiniku. It's that simple.And not only that.They have tremendous menu items to choose from. Lunch at Yagyu is one of our favorite - If you haven't tried their Gyu-don (beef bowl) you should - THAT ALONE WARRANTS RETURNING VISIT.Ichiza in the same building is good, but I would dare to say Yagyu is better.Seriously.
2	Had the family style meal with an assortment of meat. I do believe the pieces of meat are small and subpar in quality. They don't even give you miso soup. The A/C was broken in the place however I noticed the bathroom a/c was fine. Don't know if the owner didn't want to put the max a/c in a BBQ place while outside was 110 degrees.I felt like I was in a sauna in there being ready to be cooked myself.Overall, I would not return again.
5	A hidden gem! Best Japanese BBQ I have had in a long time. The rib eye is very tasteful. The dipping sauces go perfectly. There sorbets are all delicious! The best I have ever had! Great service as well!
5	I love this place!!! Every time I'm in Vegas,  I make sure I visit yagyu yakiniku... it makes me feel like I'm in Japan. Beef are so good. It melts in your mouth.
5	If you don't understand the culture and style of food, you just won't understand!This place is a gem of its kind.  The food is very clean and delectable.Everything they serve here is of the best.  The beer is chilled to correct temps with a huge display too!
1	If its possible to go lower than a 1 star, i would give it half a star just for the service alone. Food sucked, servings were tiny and meat was not tender at all. The assorted vegetable was a joke...only good thing left was the service with a smile....
3	We got the Las Vegas Combination and salmon. The soup that came with the combination was yummy and so was egg rolls.The salmon was good I guess it also depends on how you grill it. But it was a good thing I ate before going there because it was in smaller portions than I thought it would. Never really wanted to touch the meat since it was just enough for my friend.
1	Short story: If it was possible to rate below 1 I would. Basics: small servings, high prices, and bad service:Our experience: we came here on a whim because the other restaurants had such long waiting times. Granted it's a Friday night during summer so that shouldn't have been surprising; what was surprising was that this place was practically empty. That should have been the first bad indicator. Then we got 6 loose menus, all HAND WRITTEN in sharpie with no descriptions. Bad indicator number two. The prices were high so my mother brother and I decided on the Las Vegas combo but before ordering doubled checked that the convo was meant for a family and not individual, the waitress said yes, but when our food arrived it was the size for one in a bento tray. Hungry we ordered pork belly and chicken each $8.75, whose serving size has smaller than my palm. Their pork belly" is just 6 slices of thick bacon from Von's. Add bad service to the mix and it was an overall terrible experience.
5	This place never let me down.  The meat is so good that you don't want to swallow it.  The beer is so cold that you wish you can never get drunk.        A perfect balance of rice, meat, kimchi and beer.  The marinade does not over power the chicken and beef tongue.  They use the red meat of the chicken, although it may take a little longer to cook, but when its ready, its so tender on the inside and the little bit burnt on the out side is where the flavor is.  The tongue is crunchy if you cook it just right.  The meat is full of beef flavor, the marble on every slice and the fat that was intentionally left on the meat are so appetizing.  I would ask the waitress for the beer right when I am read to sear my first piece of meat.  The beer comes in a frosty mug.  And the beer was advertised at 29 degree.  I was like the guy in the commercial with a "Ah........!" as I put down the mug.       You can ask the server for a piece of fat as shown on my picture.  I would put the fat in the center of the grill and put 2 slices of meat on each side to catch the melted fat as it flavors the meat.  When the meat is cooked to your liking, there are two sauces available for you to dip.  One is sweet soy, and one is miso flavored.  Both are very light in flavor but they magically enhanced the over all flavor.  When you are ordering this combo, it comes with kimchi or salad.  Please order the kimchi.  Because its freshly homemade and very crunchy, not too spicy, not too sour, a perfect balance between your meat, rice, and beer.  The whole combination is just such a joy!       If it's your first time, I would start it out with Family's combo for $50.  The beer is $4.95(worth every penny). The rice is $2.50. The size is perfect for 2 ppl.  I would highly highly recommend this restaurant if you are a fan of Japanese BBQ.
4	While there are better places in California or Japan, this is probably the best yakiniku restaurant in Vegas.Get their prime cuts or the kobe and you wont regret it. I wouldn't bother with anything else. That being said, it can be a bit pricey.
5	I honesty don't understand why this place is rated 3.5 stars. This place has fresh and premium nice cut meats. I know the portions small and the price is higher, but you do pay for the quality. If you come here expect quality over quantity. Go to Tofu Hut if you want to pay less and eat lower quality. I honestly love their seafood and Waygu combo. Everything is tender and juicy. I forgot what it's called but they give this cute vase that's filled with steak skirt marinaded with scallops and shrimps! So good!! Plus be sure to get their 27 degree beer!! It's the best.
4	Great food, friendly staff, had dinner in a rush here with the wife. The staff was very helpful in picking out items we liked. I can't believe some of the comments that I'm reading, like its different restaurant.
5	Great restaurant if you like to grill your own food and meat as your guests eat. They claim they have the coldest beer in town as well. Their meat combo with rib eye is the way to go. And the servers do not bug you with numerous interruptions like the casino restaurants. Highly recommended. Great ambiance as well
1	I like this place but they closed without notice today. I brought bunch of friends...
3	Went to Yagyu for a late dinner date with hubby. It was pretty empty surprisingly...but than again things usually don't get poppin in Vegas until around 10pm anyways. We started out by ordering two Sapporo's. The beer was on point and as advertised "freezing"...it was wonderfully slushy! One of the high points of dinner. We then ordered our main course, and decided on the family set which came with cuts of chicken, ribeye, outside flank, beef tongue, and assorted kimchi. We also added two bowls of miso soup and all you can eat rice. Everything came in a timely manner and we cooked our meats at the table yakiniku style. I believe there is nothing tastier then grilling fresh meat, and this was no exception. Everything was tasty! At first we didn't think the amount of meat that was given would be enough for the both of us...but we were both satisfied after the meal without feeling overly full. We ended the meal with a frozen pineapple sorbet and a melon float respectively. Overall,the meal was tasty and enjoyable if not a bit overpriced for what we got totaling out and just over $110.00.Oh and a side note...Yelp was advertising a free appetizer when you check in. I asked the waitress and she said they no longer were doing that. She apologized and said they had been trying to get it removed from the app. So...just a heads up. Another reason for the 3 stars instead of 4!
3	The ice cold slushy beer is awesome!  Ordered  one of the combo meals which consisted of some meats to cook.  Food is pretty good and the service is good as well.  The only factor that would not bring me back here was the price of the meal. The bill for myself and one other person totaled to $140.  Seemed pretty steep for what you get and I did not leave really that full.
5	Food is amazing! Pleasant service! And of course great company! Gyozas are on point, yukke is delicious, and the beers are ice cold! Definitely will be back!
2	We came here for a few drinks while waiting for our table to be ready at the nearby sushi place. We were seated in a few minutes of arriving in a pretty empty place. It took a few minutes for someone to come to our table and they finally came bye with sever menus. We ordered some drinks and appetizers. My wife tried to order an iced coffee which was one one of the menus and on a menu on the wall but was told they don't serve that. The apps cam out fairly quickly but our draft beers didn't arrive until we were finished eating. No one came around in between to mention we didn't get them. Fortunately out table was ready and we were on our way. Bad service in an empty environment, no need to return with some many other reliable options in the area.
4	We went in here when Kaya Sushi had a 45 minute wait.  We were seated right away!  We had 2 orders of kalbi beef, 1 order of assorted vegetables,  2 bowls of steamed rice, and cucumber kimchi. The service was prompt and attentive and the food was tasty. The reason I took away a star is we had to order everything separately (vs. order the meat with vegetables,  rice, and miso soup included).
5	I love it here. Not too big. Just right service. And the quality of the meat is great. Definetly better than a lot of places on Spring Mt.
