4	I really like this place. The portions are large and the food tastes great. One thing I appreciated was how clean the place was. I will probably come here for lunch more often.
5	nice hawaiian food, should try that anyway
2	#1 Hawaiian Barbecue. That's the name of this place.  I read on their website they opened a 2nd location on my side of town a few weeks ago. So while we were shopping in the area, we decided to check it out even though we already ate. It's located in front of the Ross store in the shopping center near the airport. On the corner of Eastern and Oquendo. You can see the "grand opening" flags from Eastern.Fast casual place. Order and pay up front and seat yourself. The dining area sign says max capacity 50. There were about 2 other families dining in and I felt it was already cramped. The tables are too close together. Barely any walking space in between.  Cant imagine 50 persons in there. Place is clean though.They serve the traditional favorites like bbq shortribs, kalua pork plate lunches with 2 scoop rice and 1 scoop mac salad. I thought it was cool I can skip the carbs and in place they include eggs. Great for those who want to boost their protein intake. Taste wise though it's between 'meh' and alright. It's missing a bit of the local 808 flavor and vibe for me.The bbq shortribs I had wasn't the best quality. Then again the price was right for what I got. Judging by the Styrofoam boxes that I just threw out when I cleared out the fridge, safe to say that even my haole honey didn't think much of his Portuguese saugage and fried rice.  He has that dish all the time at other Hawaiian restaurants and  he cleans his plate. The Taro smoothie was not too bad and the malasada I tried was okay. It's affordable though. It's just that I've had much better food at other places near me. Staff is nice but there was just a bit of a language barrier and ordering was a tad difficult. The family that owns this place just opened a new Chinese restaurant next door though. Maybe I'll give that place a shot the next time I ever in the area. Cool points for having delivery service! Im just  not in no rush though for the dine in part.
3	Good service, but more of a "Japanese flavor" to their food. Want excellent Hawaiian food? Go to Ross J's on sunset and mtn vista
1	Typical copy cat Hawaiian food with similar menu of L&L but terrible greasy food and customer service. Save your good money and good stomach space for better food elsewhere. Still want HI food nearby, try L&L at Flamingo m Maryland.
1	Their name is "#1 Hawaiian food" yet no one working there is Hawaiian. The food IS NOT Hawaiian. The girl upfront can't even answer your questions. My friend asked her if the chicken on the spicy chicken plate was breaded and she didn't know what we were talking about. The rice isn't sticky, it's hard, macaroni salad is bland, it's literally just Asian food trying to be Hawaiian. Ross J's is still #1 in town along with Aloha Specialties. This place is over priced and not authentic.
