3	I'm sitting here now doing some work on my laptop after a nice lunch. The food is consistent with other locations, I really enjoy their macaroni and cheese. The staff is friendly and helpful so far. Lots of employees, everything seems clean. The layout of the store is a bit strange (the fountain drink area is difficult to access and I can see it becoming crowded at busy periods) and there are not enough seats with access to outlets for those coming here to do work. The outdoor area is very nice. Also here they bring your food to you at your table with a fancy schmancy table tracker system.The music playing in here makes me want to slit my wrists. It's Weather Channel-style soft jazz. And of course today is the day I forgot my headphones...
3	First time at this location...inside is nice but smaller than expected. The food was good and consistent with other locations I've been to, but my soup was room temperature and I had to microwave it   The service staff never smiled except for the pleasant girl that brought my food to the table. The drink station is in the back and a little difficult to find. The fireplace in the wall is a cool feature!
3	This is a nice new addition to the Bakery Square complex.  I particularly like having an option for coffee and breakfast in the morning when I stay at the Springhill.  Sometimes powedered scrambled eggs from the buffet just don't seem all that appetizing.  And I won't even bring up the coffee.Last time I was in, I tried the cranberry walnut bagel - whoa, it was good.  Almost too good.  I found myself craving it every morning before heading into the office!My visits to this location have been as expected and on par with other locations.  There were a couple of issues I witnessed right after they first opened, where the cooks weren't sure what went on some of the breakfast sandwiches, but those details seem to have been ironed out.  The space is a little small, and is a bit oddly set up, but it seems to work.  I can imagine though that if it gets really crowded, trying to get back to the pick up counter would be challenging.All in all, a great addition to the neighborhood!
3	Panera is Panera right!? Pros about this location - They will bring your food out to you, rather than going to the counter with your buzzer when it's ready.Cons about this location - Their espresso machine was down when I went there. So much for a soy latte.
4	Lots of seating.  Order at the counter and they give you a buzzer which rings when your food is ready.  Love the pick two options.   Oh and if you are  staying at the Springhill Suites they will deliver to your room which is a bonus!!
4	This Panera has become one of my favorites in the city and my new Sunday lunch destination after the Boulevard of the Allies location disappointed me one too many times. Generally, Paneras are pretty similar -- food is good, delivery is fast, and service is adequate. I believe that the food, delivery, and service at this Panera are what I would come to expect from the chain. What I really appreciate about this location is the very large dining room. Instead of feeling that I'm practically sitting on top of someone, this location allows patrons to spread out and have more privacy. Plus, this is a nice little plaza! After filling our bellies with Bacon Turkey Bravos, Caesar Salads, or Broccoli Cheese soup, my husband and I split up, with him heading over to Coffee Tree Roasters and with me to Anthropologie. Everyone is happy!
1	Order placer person nice. Everything else sucked. The greasy floor was especially bad. An old woman would have busted a hip on that oil spill. Order wrong. Stuff not available. First and last time.
2	Well that was underwhelming. Understand, I love me some Panera. The you-pick-two combo is one of my favorite go to comfort meals - you can't go wrong with a sandwich  and French onion soup.Where you CAN go wrong is the customer service and boy did this place disappoint on that front. One girl manning the registers during a busy time of evening? Not only that but I think she was in training, as someone occasionally came up to explain things to her. (Why not stay up there and help her, I must ask?) After ten minutes I finally got to order, although I'm glad the girl read it back to me seeing as I had to correct what she put down twice. Food was standard for Panera and the building itself was really lovely. But the level of service was definitely unforgivable, especially since I've seen even busier Panera's handle orders a LOT faster. Go to another location if you can!
4	This is a very nice panera bread. There is lots of room for sitting and chatting with friends. My friends and I go there regularly for coffee.
2	I believe in giving places more than one chance. But I have been to this location at least a half dozen times now...and if anything, it's gotten worse. The food is fine, but the service takes a ridiculously long time, every time.  This particular Panera appears to be chronically (and dangerously) understaffed. Tonight, I went in and ordered a simple salad. I ended up waiting about 20 minutes, even though it was a very slow Monday night. Most of the time, there was only one person working on the line assembling food. My cashier also left abruptly while I was waiting for my receipt, and then informed me that I didn't need one when she finally came back. Um, okay? My visit tonight ended, once again, with an apology for the "long wait." I appreciate it, but every visit seems to result in a long wait. This location needs to sort out some serious efficiency issues before I'll be returning.
3	I love the size of this Panera location. There is plenty of room inside to sit with a large group of friends. However, the parking situation is such a debacle, that I end up avoiding this location like the plague on the weekends. It works when I park in the garage to go the gym, and then stop by afterwards on the way to my car. Otherwise, it's difficult to find a close parking spot. I drive a hybrid, and there is always a huge SUV parked in my favorite hybrid parking spot. Boo.Of course the food and drinks are the same as you will find at any Panera, so it's always dependable when you're looking to grab a quick salad or smoothie, but because of the ridiculous parking situation, I can't give it any more than 3 stars.
2	I have been a Panera customer for years now. I love their food because it's clean, simple, and pretty healthy compared to fast food. I love their coffee and that you can sit there for a while and work. And I love that their prices are not too expensive and you don't even have to pay tip. So when it comes to Panera, I usually have nothing bad to say. HOWEVER, this Panera was a pretty big disappointment. NEVER in my life have I experienced worse customer service. Although some employees are okay, overall, the staff is just TERRIBLE. I've been there several times and it is just ridiculous. Some of the previous reviews say that they are understaffed but I don't always think that's the case. Once when there were hardly any customers, it took almost 5 minutes before someone even took my order because they were all in the back and didn't see me at the register waiting. And they don't always refill the coffee pots, even when there aren't that many customers. Once it took them almost half an hour before they realized the pots were empty but they had in been the back and didn't notice. They are almost always in the back or even just sitting in some of the booths.My worst experience was with this girl at the register who was taking my order and she had the worst attitude ever. She was just plain miserable and did not want to be there. She was leaning on the counter and resting her head. Not ONCE did she even look up at me. Her voice was completely monotone and she was sighing every other sentence. I did not want to even hand her my money because she was so rude. But it is not ALWAYS this bad. There are some employees that are friendly and smiling but the bad seeds are just making everyone look bad. This Panera REALLY needs to go over customer service with their staff and pick out the bad apples because, as you can tell from their ratings, they keep falling.  To end on a good note, the food there is pretty good. They don't skimp out on anything. Even when I order a salad, it is a pretty good amount because they give everything in good portions (including salad dressing sometimes, which isn't always good). Some of the reviews say that they take a really long time to make the food but I've never experienced that (yet...). Food: 4 stars - you really get your bang for your buck but it's just the salad dressing that kills me...Bad seeds: -5 stars - they are PRETTY badGood seeds: 4 stars - they are pretty nice and I've never had a problem with themLocation: 4 stars - I like Bakery Square, although I mostly only go to the LA Fitness and Panera thereParking: 5 stars - Bakery Square has 1 hour parking in front and a garage that has 3 hours of free parkingOverall: 2 stars
4	I love that this location is in the Bakery Square plaza. There's only one line to order unlike other Panera locations where there might be a separate counter just for pastries. There's a parking garage that allows free parking for 3 hours without requiring any validation. Other than that, parking is a bit limited especially since there are lot of new stores popping up in the plaza, like West Elm. I love Panera food options but it always seems really pricey. My favorite  is the Iced Green Tea.
3	I've been to Panera so many times, all my experiences have just blended together to create one big memory blob. I will base my review of this Panera from that memory blob.I walk through a set of double doors. I stroll past several couples dining of their sandwiches and salads, and a handful of solo coffee drinkers wearing their headphones and glaring at their laptop screens. I stop close enough from the cashiers to let them know that I am, indeed, a customer, but not too close to give them the impression that I am ready to order. I argue with myself: "Do I want the You-Pick-Two? That sounds good, but do I want a sandwich, salad, or soup? Oh gosh, they changed the menu! That new seasonal salad looks good...so does that soup...and the sandwich. Wait, do I get a regular sandwich or a panini? Argh, I still need to decide on the second item! And a drink! Ahh!"After another minute, I finally place my order. I take my receipt and the buzzer, get a glass of water, and find a seat (booth or table? Decisions decisions...). Once the buzzer goes off, I get my tray and sit back down. The presentation is quite nice, The soup is piping...warm? Okay, good enough. The salad looks great! I'm glad I got my dressing on the side; they sometimes drench my salad in dressing.Fast forward to after I finish my meal. The salad lettuce was crunchy and fresh; the toppings were nice and tasty; the apple chips were okay, but got a little soggy when I added the dressing. I can't complain about the soup, except maybe it was a little watery (I'm talking about the garden vegetable soup for those wondering). Okay, time to clean up. Okay, what goes where again? Right, utensils in the small rectangular bin (*drop drop*); bowls in the larger bin...but I need to clean up the leftovers (blah! *spill drop bang bang bang*); napkins in the trash; tray on top. Okay, my hands are all gross now. Time to wash them....all washed! Time to go home!Well, I hope you enjoyed my somewhat disorderly thought processes in this review! Essentially, my experience at almost every Panera is the same. Decent food, nice staff, really good coffee, and good desserts. Breakfast isn't anything special; just overpriced oatmeal and breakfast sandwiches. I would rather make them at home instead of getting them here.
