5	I am a local aesthetician and I trust in Ashlee's work and refer all my clients for lashes to her! I have never heard a single complaint only rave reviews about her lash extensions.
5	I have been going to Ashley for over 3 years now and she is simply the best.  My eyelashes have never looked more gorgeous!  She has the ability to make them look like they are your own natural lashes OR she can glam them out to be as dramatic and lush as you like depending on what type of look you are going for.....Some lash gals get comfortable and start to slip in professionality, but not Ash.  She brings precision and love for the art form every single time she does your lashes AND she carries the best facial products, clothing items, teeth whitening products and more.  I have had the most awesome Vitamin C facial from her to boot!  I had lash extensions going for over 2 years and then I went to another state for a month and needed a touchup -- it was a disaster....This other chick had my eyelashes all glued together in clumps....I waited till I got back to Vegas and ashley totally unclumped the mess and I bought a miracle product from her that made my eyelashes longer, darker and stronger than ever!  If you are thinking about having lash extensions or just want to try a touchup from the best go to Ash--- she's the best and her studio is pristine and calming.  There aren't a whole bunch of people around talking and making noise-- it's just you, Ash and nice music.  Take a nap and wake up GAWGEOUS!
5	ASHLEE IS A PERFECTIONIST!!!       If you want the best, go see Ashlee for fabulous lashes and flawless skin. There is no one anywhere, more professional, and detail oriented, than Ashlee
5	Ashley is professional and does a great job. She listens to how you want your lashes to look (full and dramatic, wispy and more natural, etc.) and makes sure you're happy. She carefully removes loose lashes and is careful to glue only one extension to one lash. I highly recommend Ashley.
5	I absolutely LOVE Ashlee!!! She is the best at eyelash extensions! I found her by amazing reviews on yelp and also word of mouth. She is super accommodating, very knowledgeable, she is wonderful and extremely nice. You can tell she loves and takes pride in what she does. She makes eyelashes look so natural. I have seen some pretty botched up eyelash jobs. I am super picky especially being an esthetician myself. I trust her 100%. If I can rate this review 10 stars I would. She is beyond fabulous.
5	Ashlee is awesome!  She saved me from a bad lash experience and made me beautiful again.   I love my lashes, they are amazing and thick  I recommend her to anyone that is thinking about getting lashes done.
5	Ashlee is the best!  I have been getting my lashes done by her for over two years and they always look great!  She is very professional and uses all the best products.  I receive compliments on my lashes daily and I have never had any problems, I recommend her highly.
5	Ashlee seriously is the best. I've been to about a half a dozen other aestheticians to have my eyelashes done in the Vegas area, and I wouldn't ever go to anyone else. She's super friendly, very professional, does a fantastic job and really caters your results to what you want. I always get compliments on my lashes and frequently asked if they are real because she is very good at what she does. I recommend her to everyone that is thinking of getting lashes, or any kind of facial service.
5	Ashlee is so great at lash extension! I feel so confident about her work that I don't even need to check in the mirror after she does my touch up. I've gone to other places that does Novalash and Ashlee is the best! It's been almost a year since I've been getting my lashes and I do not even feel them (when i went to other places, my eyes felt uncomfortable after getting extensions). I go see Ashlee for touch up 2-2.5 weeks to keep my lashes full. And even when I go in to see her my lashes still go good and natural! Her apartment is also very relaxing and tranquil .If you are interested in getting lash extensions, I highly recommend Ashlee!!
