4	This place just opened last week so I had to try it. I was not disappointed. I was advised to order the aristocrat BBQ pork by a friend of mine. I ordered the $6.95 lunch special that came with java rice, atsara and macaroni salad. The portion was huge! The meat was marinated in something similar to what you would get at a Hawaiian BBQ joint. It was grilled to the point that the outside was crispy and the inside was moist and tasty. The java rice was eh okay. I should have substituted the garlic fried rice for it like my friends did theirs. It was almost like yellow rice with BBQ sauce and bits of meat in it, not a whole lot of flavor. The macaroni salad was a treat though, I think it had pineapples and raisins in it? The atsara was different than anything I've had before. It was raisins, carrots and pickled mango. It was a nice burst of flavor to offset the mild rice and macaroni salad. I definitely want to come back for the Filipino Breakfast specials (I love me some Longaniza).
3	Don't expect it to be the exactly the same as Aristocrat Restaurant in Manila. All they have are grilled items, some appetizers and noodles. They don't have the full blown restaurant. I was so excited to try the Chicken BBQ, it wasn't exactly the same but the java rice was pretty close. I would still come back and hopefully things get tastier as time goes by as they just opened and still seemed disorganized. It is right next to LBC and Jolibee. I suggest you stop by. I think their pricing is very affordable good value for what you are getting.
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Their setup is a little confusing upon entry (somewhere between a sit-down place and a fast-food joint).  The light fixtures above the tables don't match unintentionally.  The cashier who rang me up didn't say a word or even smile.LIKE  The light mac salad. Availability of eggs as a side dish during the whole day. The portions. The atchara (pickled vegetable side dish). The boneless chicken bbq. Thai fortune cookie.LOVE  Unlimited refills on sweetened green tea. The energetic and cheerful waitress.
4	Yummy!
3	In all fairness the place was clean And the staff list friendly. The prices are pretty decent as well. the menu was a little bit limited. I highly recommend you get the garlic rice instead of the java rice. The pork barbeque little bit too sweet. The noodle soup really good. If you are looking for a new Filipino establishment, definitely try this place out.
4	I've been here a hand full of times.  Typically on the weekends.  I've tried the bbq chicken, bbq pork, and the chicken mami.  By far my favorite dish is the chicken bbq dish.  It comes with a nice helping of bbq chicken, macaroni salad, java rice (a kind of rice with a sweet tomato flavor), and a small side of atsara.  The food is really good.  For me Filipino restaurants are hit or miss.  But, Aristocrat's food taste like something I would eat at home or a family party.  They keep the menu limited to bbq plates, noodle soup (mami) and Filipino favorites such as fried lumpia.  I think more recently they have also have started serving San Miguel Beer!  As for service, it's not too bad.  Typically the owners daughter is the only one serving and she is always smiling.  Last time I was there we had a server that seemed preoccupied and messed up our order.  Other than that little tid-bit, I would have given this place a 5!  I would definitely recommend this place to a Filipino looking for great home cooking or even someone willing to venture out and try something new.
