4	This is one of the cultural highlights of Scottsdale.  The parade is a fun, family event that's staged on Scottsdale Rd in Old Town.  Families line the parade route while local groups and organizations parade down the street.  Horses and horse drawn carriages also walk down the street, celebrating the Western roots of the city.  It's a good, wholesome family event.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale?select=44A2i4QJgDLTmhgnT4HNQQ#44A2i4QJgDLTmhgnT4HNQQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale?select=-Q5GZ1KQq0CmO6bwC30IPg#-Q5GZ1KQq0CmO6bwC30IPghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale?select=-eHT7MOOqkNfzLdt2BCP4g#-eHT7MOOqkNfzLdt2BCP4gThe rodeo is staged at Westworld and is also a ton of fun.  My favorites are the Saddle Bronc and Bull Riding competitions.Overall, both events are good times.Return Factor - 100%
3	Family friendly event for kids and kids at heart. The parade features local community organizations, school bands, politicians, veterans, and balloons.The Trail's End after-party in Old Town Scottsdale featured a car show, petting zoo, and you can shop at all the little touristy stores. However, even though they said the after-party was free, you had to pay $5 for a wristband for the kids to jump in the bouncy castles. Considering that the merchant's association or the City likely already payed to rent the castles, this just seemed like an unnecessary rip-off.Overall though this felt like a celebration in a much smaller community although every once in a while you'd glance around and see the stereotypical Real Housewife of Scottsdale in her designer jeans, artificially inflated lips, and enhanced cleavage and remember that you are still in one of the premier resort towns in America.
5	Parada isn't just a parade it's an old town Scottsdale day drinking adventure.
5	We attended the Parada del Sol rodeo for the first time ever and WOW!  It was a great time.  So good we came back to see Saturday night as well.  The concerts after the rodeo were great.  Not a big country music fan but the bands were very good and everyone enjoyed the event.  Looking forward to the parade and we sure want to come back next year for some more rodeo fun.
5	My husband and I took a day off of work and spent the day roaming Parada Del Sol  the zoo was one of our pit stops and I'm never disappointed. I absolutely love the exhibits and animals, it puts me in my happy place!
