5	If you live in Chandler or nearby, you are lucky to have an honest, fair, and expert auto mechanic, Keith Zelinski at Interstate Auto Repair. I had been traveling across country from Georgia toward California when my brake light and my check engine light lit up on the dash of my Mini-Cooper. It is difficult to find mechanics who are willing to open the hood of a Mini, let alone face the challenges of the intricacies of this BMW build engine. While I was waiting  for my Mini to get fixed, a young woman brought in her Volkswagon for an oil change and asked Keith to look at the brakes. Keith returned letting her know that fixing her brakes wasn't necessary as she had 50% of her brakes left. "What honesty!" I thought.....Because they had to order a sensor for the brake light and it was late in the afternoon, I had to return the next day. I offered to pay for what work they had already done, but Keith said "Pay me when the car is fixed." To my surprise, he totally trusted me to return. In the morning, I witnessed a young man coming in at the last minute begging for assistance on trouble shooting his Acura woos. Keith addressed the car challengers and even gave him a ride home where he wanted to return with the family truck that needed some attention too. Even though Keith and his mechanics had spent a lot of time trouble shooting the Mini, I paid for a very fair labor charge, and I drove away with my check engine light off and my front brake sensor replaced.  I have to say that this is the best car mechanic I have ever experienced  in the entire 62 years of my life. Keith is a very, very, very impressive auto mechanic who can be TRUSTED to repair your car and charge you fairly!
5	I needed a few minor adjustments to my car that had been a problem for a few weeks.  Interstate Auto Repair took me in the day of my call and fixed everything perfectly!  My car is back to running smoothly again.  Top-notch service!  Highly recommend Interstate Auto Repair.
5	I am fortunate enough to have found Keith (Interstate Auto) about 6 years ago. It is very rare these days to find an excellent mechanic that you can trust. Keith has been taking care of all of our vehicles which include Tahoe, Suburban, and Lexus RX330. His prices are fair and his quality workmanship in my opinion far exceeds any dealership you go to. All of his mechanics are seasoned guys with many years experience, not fresh out of school,who are learning on the job. When there is a problem, he leaves the car up on the rack and explains and shows you the problem while giving you the best options available before you decide what to do. Keith replaced my air conditioning compressor in my 2001 Tahoe about 5 years ago for almost half the price the dealer quoted me, and to this day its ice cold with no issues. He uses only top quality parts. I will continue to take all my vehicles to him from here on out because he is the most honest shop and he cares about the customer instead of taking you to the cleaners. Thanks Keith!! Keep up the good work!
5	Absolutely the best! We are lucky to have such great mechanic so close to us. Keith and his team help our fleet of truck that Barefoot pools uses daily. We use only Interstate auto for all our repairs and maintenance.  When we buy new trucks we have them inspected  first for his approval. Thank you Keith and Michelle !
5	Keith and his crew are very attentive and help me out whenever I am in a bind, no questions asked they just get their tools and get it handled with the best results every time.  It's such a small world cause we share many of the same customers too.  They too give nothing but great comments about Keiths' business too.
5	One word. AWESOME. Keith and his crew are honest and well informed and also fair with prices. I took my jeep wrangler to him anytime I had an issue with it. Once I got rid of my jeep wrangler I went to buy a truck and before I even pulled out my money I drove that truck an hour from paradise valley all the way to Keith's to make sure it was okay to purchase. He gave it the okay and the truck has been running great for almost a year now. If you need anything done with your car do not go anywhere but interstate auto!
5	These guys are trust worthy and reliable. I feel they treat me the same way I treat my customers and there is no better feeling when something breaks on your vehicle.  My belt broke on my Malibu they towed my car fix the belt and replaced the pulleys with metal replacements and not that crap plastic GM used. They also helped me pass emissions and once changed my oil and filter for the best price I've seen yet. Anyways figured I'd leave a review because I'm going back tomorrow for my brakes. I'm certain I'll have the same experience. One other thing I'll say is it doesn't have that cooperation sales type feeling it's actually the opposite. Thanks guys!
5	Keith and his guys are top notch!  I have never felt trusting of a auto repair place not trying to rip me off.  I know when I bring my car into Interstate Auto I will not be ripped off. I will be told what the best route to take on fixing the issue and always end up with great work!This shop is about quality and true value.  Wish he was closer to Gilbert but being so close off I-10 does make Interstate Auto easy to get to.  By the way the owner, Keith is a true all American family guy.  Just look at all these 5 star reviews.  How rare is that now a days for a Auto Repair business?
5	Great job! I usually have a hard time with mechanics. Finding a good one, but it looks like I did! They were able to find my car's leak they fixed it while I was out of town and they had a great price. I highly recommend them, I will be using them regularly for my car.
5	Keith and his crew are exceptional.its exciting to find an auto mechanic you can trust.
5	We feel so lucky that friends recommended Interstate Auto to us a few months ago when my 2003 Honda Accord was having issues. Since then they have worked on our Ford 150 and we couldn't be happier. Keith, his wife, and the mechanics are wonderful/trustworthy people! The last time I was in the waiting area the customers were raving about how great the service is and how lucky we all feel to have found an honest/reasonably priced auto repair company. One of the customers was a waitress that had overheard Keith and his wife at dinner the night before and told them her car issues, she was so grateful that he fixed the car and it didn't cost her a whole paycheck. Another gentleman flips cars on craigslist and he only uses Interstate Auto Repair.    Bottom line:    Great Prices-Honest
5	I believe I found Keith's place from online reviews, and now I'm writing one about them.This place is seriously GREAT. Keith and everyone else I dealt with there were fantastic. I had the gal's car at Firestone down the street, they charged me almost $100 just for a diagnostic, and Keith's diagnostics are FREE.What's more, Firestone wanted to just go ahead and replace a mass air flow sensor ($600+) and Keith & co CLEANED it first, and noticed a vacuum leak that FIRESTONE COMPLETELY MISSED.So, massive kudos to Keith & Interstate. Very trustworthy, honest, friendly, and patient. Your car is in excellent hands here.
