3	I stopped in earlier this week just to try a bagel and my verdict is it was good and so far was the closest to a good bagel that I've tried so far. The biggest difference really was the size these bagels here are double the size of others I've had . My first bagel here was the asiago . The asiago was a plain bagel baked with asiago cheese on the top that melts threw the middle and settles on the bottom . The Bagel was good and would be four stars for just bagels and cream cheese  and lox .Yesterday a group of us went for sandwiches , two people had the Italian Hero's , one person had Liverwurst ( yes she did ! and she was thrilled to eat it ((not for me)) and I had pastrami on rye . The pastrami is boars head brand sliced thin so you know what that taste like it's not like a fresh cooked pastrami to me but it's ok and the rye bread is your typical Arizona rye that doesn't taste or have the texture of fresh baked rye bread from a bakery . Don't take what I said the wrong way , I am not saying anything was wrong with this sandwich , it was OK . I purchased a bagel and lox for latter , it is Adam Richman SLIDER SIZED it wickedly large , even if I only eat half I am not sure I can open my mouth big enough to eat it . (see photo) I just ate half of the lox and cream cheese sesame bagel,Gosh! it was good and wasn't in the same category as the pastrami sandwich , This place is truly between a 3 and a 4...... The bagels should be smaller so you can enjoy a whole sandwich as a bagel .BUT, You might need to examine your Italian hero if you buy one because the casing wasn't removed on the pepperoni in the sandwich and had to be removed before eating .Besides BIG BAGELS and a million different cream cheeses they make , breakfast , cold & hot sandwiches , Wraps , and they sell deli items buy the pound . This business is a great addition to this part of town even with the Arrowhead location only a few miles away .as a slight update,1-2-12 I went back and purchased  an assortment of bagels some were very dense and not made correctly so I had to throw them out because you couldn't eat them. When you look at the case if you see smaller bagels they are most likely going to be very dense.
4	Am I back in NJ??? I almost thought so after purchasing a dozen bagels for take-home after eagerly awaiting this Bagel spot to open.Yes, they are the same bagels I grew up on back east -- big, chewey yet crisp and full of seeds -- unmatched by any other bagel shop I've tried in AZ. So why not 5 stars? I still have to try their other items, and see how open they are to suggestions of making other types of bagels -- a black Russian??
4	FINALLY a decent place for breakfast and lunch in this area!!!  Whoopee!  This Hot Bagels & Deli is very similar to the HB&D at 59th and the 101Hwy and the one up at Carefree and I17Hwy.  Same great menu and the same set up.  The only bad thing about this location is they are in the most hidden area of the Walmart Neighborhood Market strip center so unless you see their sign or search for them on Yelp, you may bot notice them.Service~ they are new, still ironing out some kinks but all in all it was good service. Food~ Some of the best bagels you'll find in and around Phoenix metro. We had an issue with their pumpernickel bagels missing some of the "pumper" in the nickel (meaning it was too light and did not have that solid~dark brown pumpernickel taste).  It was very good though especially with a fried egg and sausage!  Their lox and slice nova is very good and so is their coffee.  They use a Kona blend that taste more like Kona than most other blends.  They use only Boars Head products and they make their bagels fresh onsite.I look forward to seeing this new small business grow and become as popular as the other HB&D's I mentioned.  I am SO GLAD to see them open in this area that is struggling with a decent place to eat breakfast!!  I hope to see you there.
4	Stopped in to grab a couple coffees and a bagel sandwich one Saturday mid-morning. The place was packed! I ordered a plain bagel with ham & cheese (no egg), but when I opened it up, there was egg. :( That's okay, they were super busy and I know it happens. They use Boar's Head deli meats, which are delicious. For being a bagel joint, they have quite an extensive menu. Various cold & hot sandwiches, breakfast burritos, and sweet treats. They also sell their meats, cheese, flavored cream cheeses, and a few other items by the pound. They are a little hidden, at the far east end of the center, behind Bank of America, but it seemed obvious that it wasn't hard to find for all the people there!
5	Great bagel sandwiches! Good service and a great place for an authentic east coast bagel.
4	Good stuff...tho will overcharge you on items if you not careful - ie. If you ask for the combo bagel and drink, make sure you get charged for the combo price, vs the individual items. Finally, though, a breakfast place on Happy Valley in between 43rd and 67th ave.
4	Wow what a find this place was.  -Fresh bagels-Tons of cream cheese options-fresh ground coffeeI had a lox and plain cream cheese bagel and it was terrific.  They didn't skimp on the lox at all which was great.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing.  I will for sure make a trip back to this place when I'm on this side of town.
5	Absolutely love this place.  The bagels are made in house.  They are amazing!  The asiago is heavenly.  They use Boars Head meats too.  They are not shy with the meat when they craft your sandwich.  I usually eat half for lunch and the rest later.  It is quite filling and yummy.  They even have a bagel dog that is fabulous.  Breakfast sandwiches rock.  My children love this place as well.  The staff is very friendly and always happy to see you.  It doesn't get any better than this.
1	Ordered Italian hero on a sub to go. Bread was so stale it was inedible. Can't just run a sandwich shop on boars head meat alone. Gotta have fresh bread too. Cmon.
4	Can't believe that I have not tried this place yet...right around the corner from my house! What a little gem.Food was great (we had breakfast) - great selection of bagels (all were fresh). I would and will be going back. This is my new quick stop place! They are FAST at filling orders too.... so no wait time! And, as others have mentioned --- the bagels are HUGE!LOST STAR - the sitting area was not "clean". I had to clean my own table. This is hot button for me. I expect to be able to come in, order, and sit down at a clean table. The place was not that busy - so they just need to come out and clean every once in a while.
1	Went in one time. Bagels are way too salty!! Literally made me sick to my stomach. Never again!
5	You can not go wrong with this place, any bagel sandwich you can possibly order is amazing.  I usually decide to try new things, and i am not close to running out of combination, the owners/staff are amazingly helpful and are some of the most friendly and people in the biz.  Try a turkey, bacon, egg, and cheese on a jalepeno bagel.. awesome And to "dennis c." maybe you should not order the salt bagel next time, just a thought.
4	Great little place for a quick cup of coffee and a breakfast bagel.  Everytime I order it comes out super quick and it pretty good.  Very casual and its not big but the service is great.  The orange juice is in plastic bottles and I don't think tastes very good but so far everything else has been good.
5	Love the family feel, they remember me as a regular, fast, affordable and great service
4	We go here about once a month for breakfast bagels.  I only have 2 complaints.   First is this is so small with limited tables and because of this and because the building is on the East side, you are frying in the sun and the place is so damn hot.  We also have been to one on carefree highway and 59th ave.  All locations are good.
4	This really is the best place as well as 59th to get fresh bagels and lox...I really hope the owners read this because both places are not kept clean in your eating area. The small garbage can is always over full and all of the seats and tables need to wiped down by you  , not your customers..  Anyone look at the floor recently and NOT at the end of the day.. ?Service. Great Kona coffee Rocks..   I like to eat in and people watch but sitting in a mess is not worth it. I noticed that some other customers also remarked about this in both stores...
5	Hot Bagels has the best breakfast bagels and bagel lunch sandwiches!  Their prices are reasonable and service is super fast.  I only wish they had opened by us in Stetson!
5	Great local bagel shop!   Very fast and friendly and the food is really good.  We  usually go on the weekend to get bagel breakfast sandwiches for the whole family.  The suite is very small so we usually just get them to go - I would recommend anyone looking for fast service and really good food to try them out.
5	My wife and I were so happy when this location opened.  Awesome breakfast sandwiches and fantastic lunches.  Bagels are as good as east coast bagels.
4	I go to both this location and the one in tramonto, both are great.
2	I have eaten at other Hot Bagel locations and have had a good experience. I would rate these experiences a solid 4 stars. However, yesterday I was served one of the saltiest meals I have ever eaten. I was even drunk at the time and it still tasted like crap. I got the Taylor Ham w/ egg and cheese. My friend said his sandwich was also very salty.Plus, the ham was very thin which was disappointing to me. Yes, I understand that Taylor Ham is expensive, but you can just shave off a few small pieces and call it good!I hate to say it, but Denny's can make a better sandwich than the one I had yesterday.
5	Best quick affordable breakfast in town and the lunch is great too! I frequent many local establishments but these guys get it, in and out and their service and great, the customer experience is great!I live watching espn or the news over breakfast!
5	My Favorite Bagel place! They are very very generous with portions and sizes! They are also quick and freshest bagels and cream cheese! Also friendly staff!! Love love love this place!!
5	Amazing bagels! Awesome cream cheese and fantastic lox. This place has great food although it does it get really crowed in the store, so we usually take our food to go. If you love bagels,cream cheese and lox, you must try this place! :)
4	Very friendly, very fast service, delicious bagels, all around great delicious breakfast.
1	We used to love this place. Till we went again. They ALWAYS get our order wrong. Not 2 out of 5 times, 5 out of 5 times. Now we can't go back. It's always wrong!!! And we take it home so we don't find out till we open up the foil. So annoying.
4	This place is awesome and was PACKED!!!Fast service and the BEST breakfast sandwich of my life! This place is a winner!My only complaint is that the breakfast sandwich was a little wimpy (small portions) but you can add an extra egg to your sandwich to give it more substance. That and there wasn't anywhere clean to eat. Those are my only complaints other than that this place is great!
5	Love this place. They have great breakfast sandwiches and good coffee. It's cheap, fast, fresh and just good. There are places to sit inside and outside but it does get very crowded inside (especially on the weekends). Their bacon is strangely good......and my favorite thing to get is the bacon egg and cheese ADD cream cheese.
1	This was my first time coming to this Hot Bagels & Deli location or any other location. It will also be my last time coming to any Hot Bagels & Deli location. I purchased a Restaurant.com Certificate and tried to use it at this store only to be greeted with a bunch of crap about the certificate. First, I was told that it had expired, actually they never expire and it says so on the certificate. Second, I was told that people keep bringing in copies of the certificate. Now that's a great way to endear a customer to your business, accuse them of lying and trying to cheat you. By the way, stupid counter person, there is a registration number on the certificate and a phone number for Restaurant.com where you can verify the certificate is valid. While standing there, the woman called someone, I assume the owner (Bruce?) and when she hung up I was told that they don't take Restaurant.com certificates any longer, but she would do me a FAVOR and take this one, this time. I was also told that I could not use it to purchase the $17.00 worth of sandwiches I had ordered. I would have to buy all of the various parts of the sandwiches I wanted and make them myself; another requirement that is not listed on the certificate. I guess the profit margin is bigger on the parts of the sandwich than it is on a store made sandwich. This is a pretty penny pinching way of doing business. Obviously, the people behind the counter don't know what they are doing and have no concept of how to handle a Restaurand.com certificate. Obviously, the owner has his own ideas of how to handle these certificates. So, to the owner (Bruce?), you made a huge mistake this morning by not living up to your responsibilities to redeem my certificate. The certificate was issued without all of the crap restrictions you placed on it once I entered your store, so you are either stupid or arrogant to think that you can treat customers poorly and get away with it. I walked out of your store this morning and my money walked out with me. I will never enter your store again, and I will make it my life's work to tell anyone that will listen, just what a jerk you are and how poorly I was treated by you and your employees. I may not cost you a lot of business, but I will cost you some. I will also lodge a complaint with Restaurants.com about the treatment I received in your store. They need to know how you treat their customers. By the way, I rated you a one only because I can't rate you a zero.
5	Amazing freshly made begales, fast service and great price !! A must try . Going to come back for a dozen for lox and beagles and share with my family over thanksgiving the manager is very attentive, thanks Lela for being very nice
4	The food is always good and they are super fast in processing time. We go here about once every two weeks for breakfast on the weekends. We only get carry out because it's always packed and there is no where to stand or sit most of the time and that would be my only complaint.
2	The food is ok the prices are a bit on the high side and they could definitely use some help on keeping the place clean tables were dirty garbage on the floor
