4	Sears is known for two things- appliances and the reliable auto center. (I was a customer with my ford explorer years prior BTW at the Meadows location.) Since we came after dinner time on a monday evening, there were just a few customers ahead of us, so we were assisted in a timely manner. We needed a new battery for our PT Cruiser. Chrysler has a habit of situating the battery underneath another part (like the air filter, for example), so for the cost of the Die Hard battery @ $79.99 with a 1.5 year warranty (prorate for 6 years) plus the installation fee of $12.99 (reasonable cost) and tax, the total was $100.67 (no core charge). (The alternative is a Pro Start battery with a year warranty @ $49.99 but it didn't sound like the CSR believed in it, was a little hesitant in his offering.) It's just a little weird that there is a display of tires directly behind the line for the cashier (there should be a defined line- tape on the floor or something), which created an awkward line around the tire display. I guess you'd have to be there in order to understand what I am saying. We pulled into the garage for Express Service. There is a small waiting room with chairs, some vending machines, a trash can, and a tv. Since there was a customer ahead of us and it would be a few minutes, we walked to the mall and browsed a few stores and got a new watch battery too (love when we get things done). We asked him to call us when it was done. There was another customer in front of us before checkout so it was a few minutes. But another rep helped us and we paid for it; went off on our merry way. During the daytime, the place is swamped. Usually there is a line of about ten people. So, if you want to avoid the crowd, get there in the evening.
3	When I came here to bring "BB" (My Car) for his routine oil change the staff seemed to be a bit scattered around at first and It was a bit confusing to figure out who was next in line the way counters are set up. They don't provide the cheapest service out there but the quality of service makes up for It. The staff were very friendly and attentive, My oil change was done within 35 min and they even reset the tire pressure light in my car for me.... Awesome!!
3	Been here a couple times to do maintenance on my car and to fix my mom's car. Overall I am satisfied with their service.  Everytime I've gone in to do something to my car they don't take longer than an hour depending on the problem.  Some of the prices may be a little high for repair but these mechanics are very good and I trust them.  The only problem I have is the wait to talk to a service guy/cashier can be long and frustrating, depending how busy it is.  I recommend this auto center.
4	Needed a new battery and the price and service was good, I'd go back.
5	I have been to this location several times for tire repair due to picking up large nails on the roadway. Today I stopped by when my low tire pressure light came on.  I was treated incredibly well.  Steven filled up all four of my tires with air and took the time to help me understand what my tires need, how to tell the age of a tire, and where to find the information on my car about the right tire pressure.  He was terrific.  They have always been very helpful and friendly at this center.   I drove from the south side of town to this location because I have come to trust the staff there.
1	I just moved to Vegas and right as I got here my brakes wore out. Sears Auto wasn't too far away and I've had great experiences with them in the past (in CA & IA) so I decided to take my business there. As soon as I walked inside I realized there was no order to how customers were helped. It was just a bunch of us standing around waiting. There were 3 kiosks, only one of which was helping customers. The employee who was helping customers was not only rude and short to everyone, but he was also taking phone calls in the middle of assisting customers (he was rude to the customers on the phone as well). About 20 minutes later I'm next in "line" and customers are walking in to pick up their cars/pay and he is making me step back in line so that they can go first. Eventually more "paying customers" show up and I'm 4th in line again. I decided to leave and go to Firestone (who did a phenomenal job, gave them a 5 star review). As much as I love Sears I will never give them my business again.
4	Got a set of USA-made Cooper tires for $50 each, plus installation. Called ahead for availability and no wait. Finished in under 45 minutes. Sears even printed out an alignment check for me. All tires also come with free lifetime balance. Only downside is it their computer which couldn't redeem my SYW coupons.
5	Go see Pablo, he helped me get a new battery for my dying truck in one minute. He was very friendly and very fast. He gives honest opinions about what you can do with your vehicle. I came in when it was near closing time and they didn't rush me out of there at all. They wanted to see how they could help me and really showed their hospitality. Definitely will be coming back to this location for their service.
