5	This is my go to place for groceries and toiletries. I'll check Safeway to see if they got any WOW SALES but usually Safeway is just riDICulous. I walk into Fry's and every aisle I walk down I have an employee asking how I am doing and If i need help. Sometimes the customers get a little to friendly too...yesterday some dude thought he knew me from some rehab center. I congratulated him and went on my way.  Not something you wanna hear while your looking through Rib-eyes in a crowded supermarket. The Sushi chefs are unappreciated, a lot of people cringe when i tell them i eat fry's sushi. They are really nice, I always buy sushi when they are there because they make my special order of Inari and spicy tuna rolls. Plus the speedy checkout is a plus.
5	Great deals on food, wonderful deli and even their gas prices beat Costco (U-10 GIANT scallops for $9.99/lb, Costco has smaller U-15 for $12.99/lb).  So long Costco, I'm dropping my card because Fry's is so competitive without the Costco membership fee.
4	The other day I stopped by Fry's deli to get a sandwich for lunch. I decided to get a Boar's head panini. I went home to get ready for work and forgot it at home! I decided to heat it up for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. It was seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life! I highly suggest you try one next time you go to Fry's.
5	I love this Fry's. Every time I go grocery shopping, they are extremely helpful! I especially love the woman at the sushi stand. She is always extremely happy and makes my whole shopping experience better! I use the self-checkout just to go faster, but there are never any lines! Love the sales as well!!
4	it's Fry's... I like shopping here because I feel like I'm getting a good deal on groceries. What really sets the place apart is the fuel points. 2x here 4x there. I buy gift cards for my normal monthly expenses and it gives me the fuel points I need to save upwards of a $1 on gas. We all need that! I stopped in this location for sum fuel but I noticed their parking lot had covered parking due to their use of solar. I've gotta say that impressed me. saving them money but doing good things for the environment.
4	This is one of the nicer Fry's stores. It's got all the extras including furniture and other household items. This one also has fresh sushi. It's a bit pricey, but really good.I usually only shop at Fry's for sale items, but they have been lowering their every day prices as well.
