3	Let's get one thing straight...this is not a pizzeria.  At a pizzeria you can get a slice, just a slice.  Here, you cannot.  You can get a personal pizza but we all know that doesn't compare. (I want a piece of pizza I have to fold in half)  Would you consider the California Pizza Kitchen a pizzeria?  No, you would not.   I'm giving it a three right now, out of kindness really, because I haven't tried the food.  I was just looking for a slice the other day and went in hoping to find one.  Much to my dismay they didn't offer it so I just drove up to Redendo's where I was able to get a lovely, yummy, single slice of pizza.  It reminds me of a place back home called Pizza and Brew, which is an Italian restaurant that serves pizza in a casual atmosphere.  A family place if you will.
5	I love this place.. the pizza here tastes like it did when I was a kid.. back when pizza had a certain mystery and allure.. the smell of cooked pepperoni and not being able to see over the counter to tell what the smell was. Every time I eat here it just takes me back to being the fat little kid I was and kind of still am.
4	The pizza was great, the sauce and crust were fantastic. I got the antipasto salad, thing was massive, loaded with cheese, salami, pepperoni, cheese and olives. It was a meal in itself, I ended up taking half of it home.  Sat at the bar and the service was great.
4	Super greasy pizza is not my thing.  That perfect, just-the-right-amount-of- grease, well THAT is an entirely different story!  LOL! Luckily, that is what Spinatos is....just the right amount of grease and Chicago Style Pizza!  Their Fresh "Signature" Spinach pizza is something that gives you CRAVINGS- even if you are not hormonal.  Honestly, if you like roasted garlic, you will LOVE this pizza.  They have another spinach one that everyone at our office went ga-ga over, but to me, the Fresh Signature Spinach is even more spectacular. Yummy salads (HUGE portions- even the individual ones are enough for several people).  Good service- mostly friendly staff (the one unhappy older blond lady hasn't been there for awhile, so I am hopeful that the sole grump who worked there is gone!)  Good prices.  We like to order a pizza with half grown-up-ish, and half cheese (the kids like their traditional thin crust better than the kid's portion individual cheese pizza's which are a thicker crust).  Many pizza places charge you for the more expensive half, but Spinatos charges you the middle price (between the expensive and inexpensive halves).  Little things like this make you feel appreciated and not taken advantage of.  And it is just a plain ol' fair thing to do.  So if you like Chicago Style Pizza (what on earth is the difference between Chicago and New York style anyway?), then you will really like Spinatos.  Happy eating!Warmly,Kirin :)
4	This is a really good place in a sort of crummy location... Its near nothing, unless you happen to live right there near that particular strip mall. Location aside, its OK dining there, nothing fancy at all. Staff is very friendly, and I like their menu. Had salad and thin crust pizza, very good. I've had delivery a few times as well and its still been pretty good even if lukewarm. Verging on great pizza, and all other food is way above average. I like this place!
5	This is where my husband and I go when neither of us want to cook and we want good food.  I love their la italliana pizza and my husband loves the meaty ones.  Their antipasto salad is also delish.  I love the service here too - a small town local kind of place tucked in a little shopping center.  We mostly get takeout here but we've eaten in a few times and the dining atmosphere is great.  Always very pleasant people here in great moods because the food is incredible.  I don't know what they put in their sauce but there must be some sort of crack in it because it's super addicting.  We always come back for more!
4	Authentic Chicago-style thin crust pizza with the best pizza sauce in town--just the right hint of sweetness. Decent salads too. Nice atmosphere and friendly service. Can't ask for much more from a neighborhood pizzeria!
5	The best pizza I have ever had. And I have worked at 2 pizza places. I recommend the thin crust basil pizza. It's good enough to not need more toppings than that! Also, the service is personal and they have a half-price wine happy hour. And we got a birthday cannoli!
5	Best Gluten Free Pizza Ever!!!!! Only down fall is there service is really slow here but if you have celiacs disease or gluten intolerance this is the place to go! YUM!!!!!
4	I am a pizza FANATIC - always looking for a good pie. Spinato's is definitely on my list. A friend had given me rave reviews of Spinato's and I finally gave it a try. She had told me not to go with anything fancy - that their best pizza is plain cheese.... PLAIN? "But what about all the delicious toppings???" I whined. I'm so glad I listened. We tried half cheese, half pepperoni and everyone agreed that the plain cheese was the best. It allows you to really savor their great crust and signature sauce that has a touch of sweetness to it. This isn't the place to go if you're looking for a fancy, "frou frou" pizza. If you're in the mood for good, solid pizza and a side salad, Spinato's will definitely satisfy your craving.
3	Spinato's deserves an A for effort, and might deserve more stars at some point, but they are just one of many pizza joints in N. Scotts so it's tough to stand out.  They sure are trying real hard, though.  First, they put some effort into the decor.  Still looks like a pizza joint, but does have some modern italian touches.  I also like it that they have a lot of booths and patio seating.  The help is super-de-duper happy and friendly.  I've only seen female servers so far, so on a busy all-hands-on-deck night it's a lot like walking into a sea of Stepford wives...or maybe cheer camp.  Or Fembots, all saying, "Hello, Mr. Powers" in unison.  I'm still trying to figure out if I like it, but that probably says more about me than them.  I can say I'd prefer they sacrifice a little of the cute factor in favor of more efficiency so the drink refills, timely food service and check are consistently on point.  Spinato's pizza sauce is like none I've ever had. In a good way.  That sauce, along with their thin crust and cheesey goodness, makes for some fairly unique pizza.  Their salads - even the side salads - are by far the best I've ever had in a pizza joint.  You have a choice of spinach, lettuce or combo of both.  They always taste fresh made, and have lots of good veggies that are in good shape (you know, haven't been sitting around a while).  Definitely worth a try.
5	THE best pizza in town.The SUPER SIX is a hit in my book.I started going to Aurelios, now called Spinatos about 30 years ago.Mr. Aurelio went back to Chicago and Ken stayed in Arizona to start Spinato's Lucky for us he decided to stay.I discovered Aurelios back when I delivered the Sunday morning paper to Ken who lives in Fountain Hills. EXCELLENT PIZZA!
4	Below is my first review of this restaurant in which I raved about how good the Pizza was but after our second dining experience I have to give them 2 stars. Tonight the pizza crust was soggy and the flavors were only ok. The Chicago Meat Calzone was just nasty full of onions and again a soggy crust. What a shame as we were so excited to have found good pizza but if you cant be consistent you cant have my business. We wont go back and pay premium prices for anything less than perfection. This place offers no deals and sporadic quality.MY FIRST REVIEW BELOWWe've had every type of crappy pizza you might imagine over the years so it was a great suprise when we ordered the spinach pizza and small calzone stuffed with spaghetti noodles, sausage and ricotta cheese. All of these items where bursting with flavor and for the first time since New York we could actually smell the garlic on the pizza. This pizza packs a flavor punch and I was out the door for under $25.00 with enough food to feed a family of four. I did take out for our first dining experience but now that they have set the hook we will return in short order for the in house treatment. So far highly recommended.4/14/2012 THIRD REVIEW UPDATE- RAISED THEM FROM TWO BACK TO FOUR STARS.  My wife loves this Pizza otherwise I would have never went back to give them another chance but two visits later I am firmly convinced my bad experience was a fluke.  The Pizza has been excellent and full of flavor.
3	Nice smaller Resturant, staff was helpful and gracious. The Chicago calzone was really good. I will be back!
5	Best pizza in the valley.
5	Ive worked at two pizza joints in the valley and this is THE best pizza Ive ever had. I am in love with the sauce. Its slightly sweet and delicious. The Spinach and Garlic pizza is moving up on my list of last meal before I die.
5	I'm so glad I finally found this place.  I'm from New Jersey/New York and go to ASU and came to the conclusion that Arizona has NO GOOD pizza places at all, let alone Tempe.  I stumbled upon this place by looking up places that made calzones out here.  That, and everything else tastes amazing here.  The pizza is amazing.  I think it's the sauce and cheese they use that gives it a unique taste that I don't get anywhere else.  The place is a little small and could have a better location (its tucked on a dead street), but the food makes up for it.
5	This is the best pizza in town.  I have never had anything here that didn't make me want to stuff it all in mouth at once and risk suffocation.   It is true to the Chicago style thin crust... sweet sauce, gooey cheese and cut into squares.  Do yourself a favor the next time you want pizza....head here and grab a "Get Meaty" or "Margherita".
5	My favorite pizza place and lucky me, super close to home! I always get it to take out, so I can't comment on decor, but the service is always fast and friendly. When a friend suggested it, I was not enthusiastic because I think of Chicago pizza as that gross deep dish mess. I was pleased to hear their thin crust pizza is super thin. I was suprised that they slice their round pizza into rectangles, but it works well. Now I find myself thinking about how good their pizza would taste... and how nice it would be not to cook. Oh, and when you get peppers and grated cheese they give you the nice fresh stuff in little cups rather than those nasty packets of dried up light brown stuff.
4	Well, okeedokee - so the fam and I drove in from LA, and were going to hit Chino Bandido - 'cause, you know, EMERALD CHICKEN.Anywhoo, we got in late and we'd already hit Panda Express in Palm Springs, so too much Chinese is no so fun, so we decided to hit some pizza instead.I hit Yelp, and this place popped up - it was a little farther off where we were staying (Scottsdale Blvd), but worth the drive.It's a hopping place on a Saturday night (keep in mind, it's 109 at 8:00, so the patio is sparsely populated), so we wait about 30 minutes (TIP:  ask to order your food while you wait, the food will hit you a lot faster).We had the Margherita pizza which was just cheese, olive oil, basil, tomatoes and a TON of garlic, it was very good.  Nice crust with a crisp crackle, and the pizza had a ton of flavor.Bruschetta was delish as well - crispy bread, yummy topping with gobs of garlic.  Would have like to have a little balsamic on there too to finish it off.All and all, a good alternative to the chain monster restaurants that dot Scottsdale, and a nice local place to take the fam.
1	Used to be a decent place but had a REALLY BAD experience recently - food poisoning.  We ordered a spinach pizza without cheese and four of us shared it.  All four were doubled over the next day with cramps and the rest of it.  Called the store and they promised to follow up and call back but never did.  Shows that they are not only careless but also seemingly willing to play fast and loose with customer loyalty.  Hope the City of Scottsdale gives their operations a careful look.  Will not be going there again ever.
5	Best pizza in North Scottsdale, hand down. The sauce is what makes these pies delicious, never had anything like it before. The cheese and thin crust add to the flavor, makes it very easy to dip the pieces into a plate of olive oil. I've always picked up the food, never have experienced the dinning room atmosphere, but if your in the neighbor hood, I would try it out. Don't waste another dollar on the big pizza chains, Spinato's is well worth the extra money.  When friends come  into town, here is my to-do list:1. Introduce Spinato's into their life.2. Everything else. Maybe I just like pizza too much...
5	Very good pizza and very good service! Our server was an absolute doll and got us everything party we needed, considering we were a 14 person party during lunch. Our half of the table shared the bruschetta, which tasted great with the touch of my balsamic vinegar, spinach specialty pizza which was really good, and the chicago pizza which I didn't eat, but my coworkers were digging.I will def come back and maybe even order the take n bake pizza and try some dessert next time. The brownie with ice cream sounded really yummy
5	The best pizza in Scottsdale. Their sauce is unforgettable. i usually order take out, but the atmosphere is great and service is super.  If you're in this corner of the country and up for pizza this place is a don't miss.
5	Best pizza in Scottsdale, hands down! Friendly staff. Fast service... good salads as well. Take is out great. The reference your phone number and know what you ordered last... in case you'd just like to reorder the same thing. Very very convenient.
5	This is a very friendly little restaurant with excellent pizza.  We have become regulars on Wednesday nights because Wednesday's are half price wine day! (all bottles of wine are 50% off).  But beside the allure of half price wine the atmosphere is nice and the staff seems like a family that cares about the business.Pizza is fantastic and they offer lots of different toppings.  My favorite when I am in a meat mood is sausage and fresh garlic.  My wife and I ordered individual sized pizzas for the first time yesterday so we could each get our own toppings.  Combined with their giant salads the lil' pizza as they call it was very filling.  Spinato's also offers to go and delivery service.
5	A little bit out of the way, but this is definitely worth it. Their personal pizzas are available with thin or thick crust, but both are excellent, and priced right, starting at around 5 bucks. I'd go with the Spicy Italian, or maybe the Get Meaty, with 4 different meats.For dessert, both the good old cannoli and the apple serenata with vanilla bean gelato are very good ways to end a great meal.Service is always fast and friendly, and the place just seems very inviting.The hours are a little weird, so check that out before going - it's caught me off guard more than once.
4	The 4-star rating is because of the taste.Price:  150% of what you'd expect to payService:  Excellent.  the service staff is friendly, smiley, and seem glad you're there.Taste:  absolutely wonderful.  The sauce is sweeter than most.I've only gone to the location south of Tempe Marketplace, and it seems kind of industrial.  I can EASILY overlook something like that for a lower price, so I'm ready for lower prices.
1	SWEET SAUCE! The age old question about what makes pizza great, sauce or crust. While both are important, in my opinion, sauce is king. I tried Spinato's based on great word of mouth and the postings on yelp. I feel an obligation to write in and let all the sauce lovers of the world know that this sauce has more sugar than sweet tea in Georgia! I won't be returning and do not recommend this place.
4	Thanks Yelpers, we loved it. When it comes to this sort of restaurant, I am a tough critic. Maybe because this is what I do!   Anywho, we just loved it! Nice setting, we sat outside in the sun, and if it had been cloudy our server would have put a shine on us. So nice, sincere and helpful. How do they find someone like this for such a casual eatery!   We had the mini calzone filled with pasta, odd, but tasty. We had two pizzas and the cheese sauce and toppings were loved. The crust, well, it's Chicago thin crust style. Can't say I am fan but it was true to the style.   Oh and I ordered the local brew, Scottish style named "Kilt Lifter", I mean really can you pass up a brew with a name like that!PS. Though we did not try they did also do Deep dish, they had the thin crust spot on for Chitown so I would guess the deep dish is a good Second City Copy!
5	BEST pizza in town. Must try the mamma spinato pizza, its the best!
5	Chicago style thin crust, cut into squares, very good sweet sauce and alot of great cheese. Spicy Italian is one of our fav's + mama's spinach pizza. Can't go wrong with this Pizza - you will crave it. For something different try the Spaghetti and meatball calzone. Couple of good beers on tap and nice canoli's if you still have room. Wish it was bigger on weekends expect a wait.
5	This place has amazing pizza and great service. I've been 3 times and have not been disappointed. We've come for mostly group events such as bdays and going away parties, and you can do family style and share or get individual portions. Bruschetta and breadsticks are great starters, and I love the signature spinach pizza. Our waitress suggested getting it crispy to avoid getting soggy spinach and I'm glad I took the suggestion! Coworkers got Chicago style calzone with au jus and raved about it. Since there was a bday they comped a canoli and gave us an extra one for being cool :) pitchers are also half off on Thursday's so 7 bucks for 4+ glasses worth of fat tire made us all extremely happy!
4	Excellent pizza and calzones.
4	Is this Chicago pizza that looks like New York? Or is this New York pizza that claims to hail from Chicago? Don't get me wrong, the pizza is delicious. I just think it's having a bit of an identity crisis. There's no traditional Chicago pan pizza here, just thin and thick crust. I've had the thin crust on several occasions and it's outstanding. My favorite pizza is the Super Six: homemade Italian sausage, mozzarella, pepperoni, ham, mushrooms, and mixed green and red sweet bell peppers. Spinato's serves other Italian specialties, but the pizza is the real star. Another thing (and I realize this might sound silly) is their soft drinks. They are huge and have lots of finely crushed ice. I love that, plus, they are generous with refills. This place is locally owned with several locations. The owners are from Chicago and use an old family recipe. The staff is incredibly friendly and considerate. Once, when they noticed I was heading back to my car to grab a sweater, they offered to turn off the ceiling fans for me.
5	An absolute gem in N. Scottsdale.  The pizza is fantastic, the salads great, and the service always top notch.I usually go thin crust sausage and have never been disappointed.
4	Q. How do you fix a broken pizza?A. With tomato paste!Ok, that sucked.Spin-at-O's pizza is actually how it's pronounced as the owner learned to make pizza in Baltimore MD home of the Orioles or O's for short. Ok, I just made ALL that stuff up but it would have been cool. Right?Spinato"s pizza and calzones are amazing. Very heavy and sauce rich. If you're on a diet STAY AWAY. If you're not calorie counting-COME HERE. Their thin pizza is very thin and very good! We got the baked spaghetti w/meatballs calzone and it was what you'd expect but wow was it great. Only downside after eating here: FOOD COMA ZZZZZzzzzzzZzzzzz :)
4	We are always looking for a pizza to overthrow our beloved Grimaldi's pizza as the #1 pizza in Scottsdale. No one has come close; until Spinatos graced our plates. At the recommendation of a fellow nurse co-worker Spinatos was on our "new things to try" list. It sure did not disappoint. Their toppings are fresh. Their thin crust had a perfect balance of crispiness without the texture of a cardboard box. I didn't have to mop up a puddle of grease that so often comes with a pepperoni pizza. My only reservation: the sauce. The pizza sauce has a wonderful flavor, but does verge on being too sweet. With all the pizza elements to take into consideration, one might ask did they beat out our beloved Grimaldis? No. But it's a damn close second.
5	To keep it simple...I live in LA and am in the process of coming up with a master plan to have their pizza delivered to me on a weekly basis. I'm talkin that dayum good!GO. RUN. NOW.
5	First time here and it was wonderful!!!! Fantastic pizza and fantastic service!! Our waitress Jessica was on top of everything ...
4	I love the idea of a local neighborhood mom-and-pop pizza place. Spinatos is where I go when I'm craving thin crust pizza! Their restaurant has a very cozy feel inside and small outdoor patio. It's always packed inside but I've never had to wait longer than a few minutes. Their pizza selection is awesome with a variety of size and topping combinations. I've actually only tried their thin crust but I'm sure their regular crust is just as delicious! I always get the chicago pizza with bell peppers and italian sausage. All the toppings and cheese are fresh and tasty. They have awesome deals for different days of the week. I like going on Wed for half off bottles of wine. They also have lunch club where they send you coupons every month! Service is also top notch and very helpful!
4	This is a pretty cool place, especially if you love Frank Sinatra! His music is often playing overhead and I love it!  The sauce they make has a bit of a sweet flavor to it, but it works! They also make their own italian sausage and it's wonderful. The ravioli is quite tasty and the thin crust pizza with spinach, sausage, garlic and mushrooms is to die for!  I'm a true pizza snob because I generally only like Deep dish, Chicago Style Pizza from The Windy City, but this is a pleasant place for pizza!
4	After having just taken a tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's summer home, Taliesin West, just down the street, we decided to stop by Spinato's for some pizza.I was immediately surprised as I walked in the door... Chicago-themed posters and decorations everywhere! I turned to my brother and told him, "Did I really just fly here from Chicago yesterday or am I still in Chicago?"Apparently the family that started this chain is from Chicago.... nice.So how does this place compare to actual pizza from Chicago? Well, first off, don't expect a deep dish or even a pan pizza, think more of a thin crust, party-cut (cut in squares) Chicago style, akin to Aurelio's. Well, that's what we got anyway. I think there is a thicker crust pizza as well.Guess what? We got the "Chicago" pizza.It was really tasty! The crust was thin and crisp, the sauce was flavorful and somewhat sweet. Ingredients seemed to be decently fresh. I liked that they serve the pizza on a grate to keep the crust nice and crispy.A great place to go for a little taste of some of Chicago!** The non-deep-dish variety of Chicago pizza
1	YUCK! Why does everyone rave about this place? The pizza crust is TOO thin - it was SOGGY!  And they cut a ROUND pizza in SQUARES!!! WTF??? So I wound up with little weird-shaped outer pieces, and two large SQUARE center slices that were SO soggy that they just hung down when I tried to pick them up. Soggy and greasy. The cheese and mushrooms were good, but the sauce was indeed WAY too sweet as others have noted, and the so-called 'crust' was nasty and mushy. This is NOT Chicago pizza! I've had pizza in Chicago, deep dish AND regular, and this was NOT like any of it.
4	Marinara sauce instead of pizza sauce did it for me.  Thin crust is Chicago-THIN style cut into squares, and very tasty as well.  Service was polite and food arrived piping hot.  Location seems small compared to other Spinatos in the valley.
5	The only negative thing I could possibly say about this Spinato's is that it's just too far from my office. Any time I want to eat there for lunch, I have to get take out and come eat it at my desk. And let me tell you, driving back and smelling that pizza in the passenger seat next to me is pure torture. But maybe that's all a good thing... at least it keeps me from going there every day.Apart from having the best pizza I've ever had the chance to nom on (and I've had quite a lot of pizza in my time,) the staff here is simply fantastic. They treat everybody like a friend or member of the family. All smiles, super pleasant, eager to do whatever they can to make sure that you are having a wonderful day. It's not even out of the ordinary to see the GM walking around, sweeping, making sure everybody is comfortable and being just ridiculously pleasant.I really do love this place. That's all there is to it.
1	I agree with Yuck.  this is a boring loud terrible place to eat.  the food is below average and a waste of money.  Much better places to eat then here.  My dad had the meatball sub which was huge but nothing special about it just ordinary.  I ordered the Gluten free pizza - but it was not good - the sauce tasted like Hunt's tomatoe paste - maybe if they had a home cooked sauce it would have been better.  Plus there Gluten Free pizza is not really Gluten free because they make it in the same ovens as their wheat pizza.  and it was terrible, we sent items back and threw stuff away.  if you are looking for good NY Pizza try NYPD much better than this place by far.
4	I am a huge fan of another pizza joint that will remain nameless.  I have raved about how they have the best pizza I've ever had and was pretty sure that I'd never find another pizza that was as good.  Well, they've got stiff competition.  Spinato's has the best pizza I've ever had.  My husband is going to be so mad at me for that statement.  I've had the pleasure of eating the thin and thicker crust, both are good, but the thin is the best.  I'm a lucky gal to have them right across the street from my office...
5	Hidden gem near FLW's Taliesin. Enjoyed house specialty spinach, thin-crust pizza!
1	I'll never forget their sauce.ITS OVER-THE-TOP ON SWEETNESS.I'm sure, that for some ...... they can't get enough of it !Well, for me .... once is enough.
5	One of the best pizza places in town IMO (I'm not a fan of the Grimaldis chain). My faovrite dish is the ham and salami calzone. And like another reviewer said, great crushed iced - it really does make a difference. Food did take a long time and usually when I'm in the area I don't have that much time top stop in - really need to remember to call ahead to order take out.
4	I've been missing out! The family and I went on a Tuesday night. I was wary as I've been disappointed in pretty much every pizza joint in Scottsdale. Getting there 45 minutes before close, we tried not the be "those people", but ended up staying 20 minutes past close by talking to our super friendly server.  We started with the bruschetta. It was different and delicious ($8). Very large portion of crispy bread with peppers and fresh tomatoes. Yum! The "family style" mixed salad wasn't a highlight, but all the dressings were great ($10)! We decided to try their large specialty spinach pizza. It was huge, fresh, garlic-y, and outright delicious.  We had lots of left overs even after the four of us indulged. Our server was great. My Mom even suggested her and my brother get married. She wasn't opposed. Neither am I - discounted Spinato's. Yeah!
5	I absolutely love Spinatos pizza.  Fantastic taste on all pizza with the two signature pizzas being my favorite.  My coworkers and I go here often as it is is the best tasting best priced pizza around.  Staff is also great and fast.  I also have used this as incentive for my staff and have brought Spinatos Pizza in for them - HUGE MOTIVATOR because it tastes so good.  The only down side is that it is closed on Monday :(
4	Best pizza in AZ! Yes, even better then Bianco's
5	I have Spinato's probably once a week. I live close by one of the locations. I've tried everything on the menu and I would give every dish 5 stars. The pizza, however, rises above the rest and is the best I have ever tried. The staff is very friendly and carry the attitude, or pride, that they own the restaurant. Never have I had a negative experience at Spinato's.
5	Spinato's Chicago style pizza is even delicious microwaved the next day. I'm from the Chi and I can honestly say, Spinato's hit the nail on the head with this one. Yeah, the sauce is a tad sweet, but who cares. It's not like honey instead of pizza sauce, besides....it works! It's great pizza, period.  I'm not interested in sampling anyone else's in AZ, I have found my pizza place.
2	Wish I could comment on the pizza.  Went with family on Friday night, five adults in all, and waited an hour to be seated while every 4-person, 3-person and 2-person group  walking in was seated before us.   You could see where pulling two tables together would accomodate us, but this concept eluded the host.  All they could tell us is they were "working on it."  Lots of pizza walked out the door so people must like it, but we finally left and went down the street on Shea to Oregano's.  It was equally crowded, but we were seated quickly, enjoyed great service and the pizza was marvelous.  If you don't travel in pairs and want to be seated on a busy night, you might want to find a place that is a little more accomodating.
4	We got thin crust cheese pizza and cheese garlic bread...... YUM!!!!  SO GOOD!
5	I am transplant from Chicago where we know pizza like no one else and this place has the best pizza on the entire West Coast.  One bite and I knew immediately no other pie can compare, 2 thumbs way up!!
5	I was first introduced to Spinato's by my coworkers. They knew that I was from Chicago and really wanted to take me here my first week on the job. I'm so glad that they did because this is the best pizza that I've had in Scottsdale so far. We usually do pizza Fridays and of course, Spinato's is a very popular one on the list.Everyone always gets the Lil 7 which is the perfect size for 1 person. When you first get it you always think that it wont be enough. But trust me, for the the average person it is. The sauce to cheese ratio (super important) is perfect with just the right amount of seasoning. The crust is really good too, no need to not eat it to save room.Oh, can't forget the rabbit pellet ice. I think it's a Midwest thing since a lot of people think I'm weird for calling it that. It's the same ice that they have at Sonic too if you're familiar. Some people are obsessed with it. This is the perfect lunch place because it's fairly quick and a personal pizza starts as low as 5 bucks, can't beat that! I've never had their salad, apps, or desserts but they all look good.
1	Ordered a thin crust sausage, tomato, onion, and green pepper pizza based on all the great Yelp reviews. A group of us all tried it, although there was just something wrong with the taste. In the end we couldn't pin it, wasn't that good. Ended up tossing it. The breadsticks were much better, although nothing exciting to write home about. Can't recommend this restaurant.
5	We love this place. They greet you by name and always make you feel welcome. If they ever make a mistake, it will be corrected immediately with no questions asked. Very reasonable priced. Take out or sit down, the food tastes great.
1	If you like pizza with a TON of sugar in it, this is your place.  My husband and I found the pizza to be inedible.  When we complained, the woman behind the bar said that she's give us 10% off the next time we came in.  No thanks.  Worst pizza I've ever had.  If you really like pizza, try Oregano's, Grimaldi's or Pizzeria Bianco.
4	Great pizza and okay (a tad bit better than okay) service.  I went here with family (which was a great experience) and we ate a lot of food and they paid for it which was great for me. Then I took a date here before we hit the movies and now that this time I was paying the bill, I was expecting more.  We'll more from my date for the fact that I took her to her favorite pizza place.  I didn't get extra sauce at the end of the night but we did eat well and for that I give ya 4 stars.
2	You know, when I first moved to Scottsdale on the far east end of town, we didn't know where to go for pizza. So we tried Spinatos. The pizza is different, a bit sweet, but a good different...for a while.  We got bored of it though and the menu is so limited that we finally stopped going. The service is fine, not great. They need to expand their menu to more pasta dishes or something.
5	I drove by it so many times and finally went in with my daughter.  I am extremely picky about my pizza, being from New York, I prefer New York style brick oven of course, still do.  However, after putting my prejudices away, I ordered their thin crust margarita pizza and was blown away.  It was absolutely delicious.  I have ordered it many times since, brought my family in and they have being equally satisfied with their choices.In my heart nothing beats my New York style pizza but this one is a very very close runner up!  I highly recommend this place.
5	Best pizza I've had anywhere in Phoenix. Tried the thin crust, thick crust, and gluten-free crust and all were delicious, especially the gluten-free. Gluten-free crust normally has a weird taste and texture, but here I couldn't even tell it was gluten-free! Sauce is amazing. Great topping selection. Will definitely be eating here anytime I want pizza! One of my new favorite places.
2	This is a some what conflicted review.  Again, I wish Yelp would allow us to review multiple things. The staff was extremely friendly (maybe a tad too talkative), the location was nice and clean.  The food LOOKED great.The pizza just wasn't that good. It's just way too sweet. And when I say sweet,  it's so extreme that it overshadows anything else about their pizza.  It's so different in taste, it makes it seem like the wrong sauce was used. (I know it wasn't)If you don't like sweet sauce, then order something else as their was nothing else remotely wrong with the rest of my dinner. It's just I've had about 1000 other better pizzas.
5	The pizza here is one of the best in town. They use the best ingredients. The pizza sauce is sweet and it takes you right back to Chicago!
2	In general, I think Spinatos is the best pizza in the world.  Specifically, however, the Spinnys on FLW is the worst of the lot.I've never had a "spectacular " pizza from this location.  I wrote the manager, and he simply ignored me.The pizza was limp, soggy and ..meh...Spinnys at 16th st and Bell iis a loooong hike from here...on special occasions I'll make the hike.  Otherwise, I see no reason to pay for premium pizza and get mediocrizza
2	Been going to this location for years, but in the last 2 months something has changed in the kitchen. I say that since the wait staff and bartendesr are the same and have worked there for along time.  In the last couple of months I have been served the wrong pizza, gluten free pizza that I didnt order, Dining with 4 friends, half of us got our food, the other got theirs about 10 minutes later, they said the kitchen has a new manager so orders were mixed up.  Tonight called for Italian beef sandwich to go, order taker informed me that it would 45 min because the kitchen was backed up.  Told them forget it.   Hope they get this figured as they have been great in the past.
4	Great Gluten Free Pizza! I was a little upset to discover they do not make the gluten free crust. Nicole's New Favorite was fabulous! My husband had the spaghetti calzone with ricotta cheese and meatballs, which he said was great and like the crust too. Staff was warm and friendly. Restaurant was clean.
5	Delicious pizza!   We got Nicole's favorite.  It was soooo good.   I love thin crust pizza and this pizza was among my favorites.  I only wished that the crust was crispier.   I would definitely eat here again next time we are in Scottsdale.  Yum!
5	My husband and I can not get enough of their spinach and feta! BEST pizza, EVER!!!
2	Why mess up a good thing? I asked for extra tomato sauce and was grossed out when I discovered that they squeezed extra sauce all over the top of the pizza. For some reason this pizza tasted disgustingly sweet. This was my Spinato's pizza.
5	Great pizza, especially the thin crust spinach. Excellent pricing. I would recommend this to anybody.
5	My husband and I went to Spenato's on our return home to Scottsdale.  We can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  I am a celiac and they knock themselves out for people like me.  Not only do they have gluten free pizza that is fresh and delicious, they have introduced gluten free garlic bread which was such an unexpected pleasure and very delicious.  Salad is reliably fresh.  My husband had his favorite, spaghetti and meatballs.The staff is friendly and personable.  They make you feel like family.  Service is prompt and efficient.  in the rare instances where they make mistakes, for example, croutons on my salad, it is always whisked away and replaced with a sincere apology.  When either of us goes there alone, they go to extra trouble to make sure we don't feel isolated or lonely during dinner.And, we are originally from New York and we love the pizza.Ellen H
5	I've had the Mamma's Calzone and a couple different pizzas at least 10 times. The pizzas are great! But the Calzone is absolutely AMAZING! I have never had such great food.The service has always been decent. But in fact, the service could even be terrible and I would still probably give it 5 stars since the food is so amazing!My kids like the spaghetti, but I've never tried it. (How can you mess up spaghetti anyway?). I've only tried the vegetarian pizza, spinach pizza and the Mamma's calazone... So I'm not sure how the rest of the food is, but the dishes above are absolutely incredible.Oh, good price too!
5	Spinato's how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. First, your delicious sauce. It's sweet goodness at its finest. In fact, the sauce is so delicious, we always ask for extra sauce on our order! Second, your soft and chewy crust, just perfectly cooked. Third, the toppings, especially the sweet sausage that goes perfectly with the sweet sauce. As you can tell, I simply love Spinato's. It's one of my top go-to pizza parlors for either dine in or take out. This location is homey and very friendly. It reminds me of a family pizza parlor during my childhood days. The staff is welcoming, the service is top notch and the food, well the food is simply supreme. They also have a bar with some tvs, in case you want even more casual dining and the takeout is perfect. The takeout is fast and they keep your food warm in a heater while they wait for you to pick it up.
4	We live nearby and have passed this place dozens of times.  We finally gave it a try recently and I was very impressed.  We decided to order:Garlic Bread (6 pieces), $5.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=X0elBleeHqR4TYo8otADEA#X0elBleeHqR4TYo8otADEAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=hYufDU5eRviC5i7Kmk-4uA#hYufDU5eRviC5i7Kmk-4uALarge Pizza 16" (Pepperoni, Sausage, Salami), $19.90http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=ajmKmCG0ZEyQm8E1DVfcxw#ajmKmCG0ZEyQm8E1DVfcxwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=ZbAM6NvzetKt1ntc0PC7XQ#ZbAM6NvzetKt1ntc0PC7XQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=bauCN8FYXeUAzk1XEI-HZg#bauCN8FYXeUAzk1XEI-HZghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinatos-pizza-scottsdale?select=Ue2XLtSK9A3Yq1Ru7ZwgZA#Ue2XLtSK9A3Yq1Ru7ZwgZAThe Garlic Bread was pretty good and a nice sized portion.  It's light and fluffy, like a dinner roll.The Pizza is a Chicago style thin Crust with a slightly sweet flavored Sauce.  We ordered it well done, and it came out perfect.  It's a legit Chicago style Pizza...the Pizza reminds me of a place called Fox's Restaurant and Pub in Beverly.  Very good indeed!The servers here are very friendly and provided great service during our visit.Return Factor - 90%
5	Excellent pizza! Tasty sauce and homemade Italian sausage! I usually get the spinach pizza and I add the homemade Italian sausage! I need to branch out next time I go any suggestions?
4	The four of us came here for lunch and had a great time.Spinato's has a nice ambiance as you enter and you will notice a great many Chicago posters, such as Illinois Central, Chicago Worlds Fair and B&W photos of the bridges crossing the Chicago River. Nice!The food is equally good. The four of us each ordered different pizzas but really enjoyed the flavor.  This not your classic Chicago deep dish place, so you might be surprised by the thin crust cut into squares.  We really enjoyed it, and reminded us of the Edwardo's chain.  http://www.edwardos.com/The pizza also has that sweet tomato sauce they served in St. Louis.  My friend Marvin A. is right, "it's over the top" sweet.  And it will surprise you when you first try it, but it works well.  In St Louis, they use Provel cheese which has a more buttery and creamy taste.  But here the manager Tim assures me they use mozzarella.  Still, it was very good.  We enjoyed Spinato's and will be back.Enjoy!
3	Completely addicted to the Italian beef sandwich but that might be an understatement. I add mozz, mushrooms and order extra au ju. Now, I would normally give it 4 stars but the reason I gave an overall 3 is because they are ALWAYS screwing up my take-out orders! Luckily, I keep on hand ingredients at home but I shouldn't have to. Also, whoever makes the sandwiches needs to be more consistent on how much meet you put on a sandwich every time. Sometimes it's a nice fat sandwich and other times not so much meat :( If they improved on consistency and accuracy I would give it 4 maybe 5 stars. Oh, and the pizza is pretty good if you like sweet sauce. If you don't then you probably won't like there's. PLEASE Spinatos improve on the sandwich side!!!
5	Great place with great staff. I had the Bruschetta Chicken sandwich and it was amazing, balanced flavors. They offer beer from our local brewery's and i had peach Ale. My server was Moe, very friendly and professional which made my experience even better. Definitely recommend this place especially we lack some good food around the area.
3	My guess is that the pizza is much better when you needed there then take it out.Hi live only next-door in one of the communities. By the time I got the pizza home it was soggy and not good to eatSo my suggestion would be that you eat in. The taste of the pizza was very goodBut the pizza is very overpriced. It is double that of Papa John's Domino's or others. Personally I don't think it was worth the double price.I did not try any of the other food. But while I was sitting and waiting to take my pizza home I saw other dishes. Presentation is average and typical pizza restaurant food.I give it three stars because it is very expensive for average pizza
3	Pretty good pizza. Thin crust with lots of toppings. I like that the waitress advertised the beer special without me having to ask. I'll be back.
4	I live right across the street but for some reason this is the first time I've actually gone in and sat down and had dinner here. The atmosphere was very cozy and everyone was extremely friendly. You know how in some restaurants if you try to talk to anyone other than YOUR server you get dirty looks? Not here! Everyone was so nice and helped one another out. We got the spaghetti calzone and it was delicious. The cesar salad was very generic- made from iceberg lettuce instead of romaine and with bought in shredded parmesean cheese. I've had a take out sandwich from here before and wasn't impressed. Eating in was definitely better. We also had dessert. Sorbet was good. Canolis were very sweet. We got three (should have gotten one) and were a little shocked that the three canolis were the most expensive thing we ordered!
5	their pizza is better than your pizza
5	I have been eating Spinato's for years!  I ate at their new location on 7th St before the light parade last week.  The restaurant is fab, especially the bar. We sat outside and warmed ourselves by the fire. This place has the best sauce in town!
5	Easily one of the best pizza places in the valley.Super thin, crispy crust with their famous sweet sauce...fantastic.I started going here 7-8 years ago and have been a regular since.  The only bad thing is that it has gotten more popular.  On weekends (especially during "snowbird season") you'll likely have to wait 45 mins for a table.
3	I'm a NY-style pizza lover, so this super-sweet sauce freaked me out. Nothing else about the pizza was good enough to come back. I'm not getting all the hype.
4	Amazing thin crust pizza!  Would be 5 star if the rest of the menu was  as good as their pizza.I've been going here for 7 years or so and it's always great.  It has become more popular so you will likely have to wait for a table on the weekends...especially if the snowbirds are in town.
5	It's the original Aurelio's recipe from Homewood being served in the valley.  Awesome pizza.
3	My only experiences with this restaurant have been limited to delivery, so that has colored my perspective. It's important to point out that their ingredients are fresh and authentic. They add oregano to their pizzas (lots of flavor) and load on the cheese. HOWEVER, their crust is super, super thin. That means that if you order their pizza as takeout or have it delivered, the cheese grease will quickly turn the already soft dough into a soggy cold mess. The pizza is also less than desirable when it's reheated the next day (even when it's reheated in the oven it's unappetizing). I also hate how they cut up the pie; it's divided into tiny little squares. I enjoy a good pizza crust and I want each slice to have a piece of chewy crust attached to it. The lack of crust also makes gripping the pizza a beast. Their high prices also irritated me; they are soooo much more expensive than the competition. A tiny little sandwich cost $9 and a medium pizza with three ingredients was $18. I was also in a state of disbelief over their delivery fee ($4.95!? And you are still expected to tip on top of the fee!) and that they up-charged me on a simple substitution. I would not have the pizza delivered--pick it up or eat in! The only thing that was reasonably priced was their cannoli ($3.49) and it was excellent; very good quality. I personally will not be ordering from here again due to the high cost of the food and having it delivered. I think they do provide a quality product, but as other reviewers have pointed out, you could probably go someplace else in the neighborhood where the prices are more reasonable.
5	I love coming here with my parents! Their thin crust pizza is heaven and it is all thanks to the SAUCE they use.  We will keep going back since it is so good and everyone is so nice there!
5	Arrived as they just opened, super quick service of course. Nobody there! They server was super friendly and nice, she got my order in right away. Booths are a little un comfy to sit in, but at least they have booths! Ordered an iced tea and it is brewed perfectly, and served with a lemon. Music is a little loud... Maybe they forgot to turn it down cause they just opened up. But I like loud music so I'm not complaining, I think others might. They have a nice little bar seating about 10. Looks like they have a decent selection of wine, beer and Pepsi products.  They have 2 crappy flat screen tv's that you can't hear. This is probably my 3rd time here, and I have yet to try something other then the this crust pizza because it's so delicious I don't want to order something I may not like... But next time I will broaden my horizons and test something else out. I got my pizza in about 10 minutes. Greasy and delicious! I love how they serve the pizza on a rack that sits on the pizza pan, that way it doesn't just soak all of its grease up and get soggy. I highly recommend this place to pizza lovers.
5	I love Spinato's but this place is always so packed that we just lose our patience most of the times. But when we have a chance to sit down, oh, it's on.It's like...every item on their menu is good. We usually order a large pepperoni with thick crust for everyone. Kids love it, adults love it. The pizza sauce is a lot sweeter than other pizza places, that's why the kids LOVE it. I personnally like thin crust and something else rather than just pepperoni. I've had many different things, I don't remember the names anymore. But like I said, everything has been delicious so far. I also love their wine list. The moscato they carry is very tasty, and I think during Happy Hours it's 5 dollars a glass.Gelato as dessert is also a perfect note to end a nice dinner. I wish the restaurant had more space, so all the fans can come in.
5	We still love our Spinatos....enjoy greeted by name and pizza is still outstanding as we love thin crust. The 3/4 baked option is awesome if you like to take pizza home and enjoy it fresher than just reheating an already fully cooked pizza. Mistakes happen and Spinatos ALWAYS makes it right....
5	Spinato's is great! So great, they need another location in central or Old Town Scottsdale as this location is quite small and always so busy!Having lived in Chicago amongst great pizza, Spinato's is definitely up there. It's very similar to Lou Malnati's thin crust & Aurelio's. The Mamma Signature pizza is amazing. The garlic and spinach are always so fresh and the sauce has a subtle sweetness making it the perfect combination. I always get my pizza well-done and Spinato's always gets it right!I would eat Spinato's more often if there was another Scottsdale location making less of a hassle. But... the wait is always worth it!
1	Very disappointed tonight.  My husband ordered the individual pizza and I ordered the roast beef sandwich.  We waited a very long time with no food.  Finally asked the server to check after people who had arrived after we did had food and were almost finished eating.  It turned out that our order had been lost.  I understand that  any place can make a mistake from time to time.  Finally got our food after waiting an hour and 20 minutes.  My roast beef was cold....not just room temperature, but actually refrigerator cold.  I had asked for onions on the sandwich.  There was one almost undetectable piece of onion.  I couldn't eat the cold beef.  I was told they couldn't warm it up but would make me a new sandwich.  I had already waited an hour and a half.  I asked to speak to manager.  I was told that he was busy in the back on the computer!   They did comp the meal but not a great help as I left hungry.  They didn't offer to wrap it up so that I could heat it up at home.  We won't go back.  Ever!
5	I love Spinato's. Their gluten free sandwiches are to die for! Their pizza is really great too. The Wrigley sandwich is absolutely amazing...sausage with marinara, grilled onions and peppers on soft bread. I highly suggest you try it. My boyfriend is not gluten-free but always orders his sandwich (The Davinci) with the gluten free bread anyways because it is SO good. I am always torn between getting one of their pizzas or their sandwiches. They have a nice wine selection and the staff here is very friendly and professional. I do have to say that I have ate at some of their other locations and I think the food at this location is the best.
5	Love the pizza and tried something different today. The Italian sausage sandwich is great in case you want to venture outside of their pizzas. I'm glad this is in my hood
5	Came here on a Sunday afternoon for late lunch.  Not busy at all.  Food and service was excellent!  We ordered the bruschetta for our appetizer, one of the best in my book!  For main course, we split the Italian beef sandwich with au jus and a small 7" pizza with pepperoni with banana peppers and onions.  The sandwich do die for!  We added provolone cheese but in all honesty I could've eaten it plain.  The beef was perfectly cooked and sliced super thin the way it should be!  The pizza was cooked perfectly as well, it tasted like homemade pizza with the freshest ingredients.  I can't say anything bad about this place except there's not a location close to my house.  Even the napkins were great!
4	Spinato's is definitely worth a try!  Especially if you are new to the area and looking for a midwest/Chicago style pizza.  Since moving here a month ago, the only other pizza we have had is Rustic Pizza.  It was very good, but falls into a different category as far as comparison goes.  Like lots of the other reviews, the sauce is on the sweet side.  But once you add in the cheese, seasonings, and toppings, the sauce doesn't stand out or seem overwhelming.  We kept our first visit simple with a thin crust medium (14 inch) pizza, an order of breadsticks (4), and a pitcher of beer.  That was more than enough food for 2 people and left us with a few pieces to take home too! I think that the total tab was around $30. (I think there is a special on pitcher of beers on Thursdays.)Initially, we had planned on ordering for delivery, but some of the reviews said that the pizza was soggy by the time they received it.  When the pizza was served to us in the restaurant, it was placed on a baking rack to help keep the crispness of the thin crust.   Our server was great too.  Very polite and fast!  I can't comment on the wait because we arrived fairly early for dinner and there were maybe a few other diners there as well.  I could imagine that the place gets packed quickly though.  So glad that we decided to stop here and try it.  We will be going back!
5	Husband and I just had a thin crust 1/2 cheese & pepperoni and it was delish!!  The sauce is seriously amazing and the crust is like no other!  My husband who is from Wisconsin, said it reminded him of pizza he had there growing up.  So glad we found this place, we will be back and can't wait to have your pizza again!
5	We have been eating at these restaurants for over 20 years. The consistency is extraordinary for the amount of business they do. The pizza's are fabulous as are many of the other offerings. It should not have taken me so long to review them. Awesome!
5	I moved away for a while and this is about the only place I truly missed.  First, as some of the negative reviews point out - they do have a sweet sauce.  So it is a matter of personal taste as to whether it is over-the-top.  I love it and it makes it unlike any other pizza place I've tried.  The service is good, the beer cold and the atmosphere - though small - is not too noisy.
5	Quickie:Boyfriend and I picked up a "Mama Spinato's 'Signature' Fresh Spinach" pie and a Greek salad on Friday. As soon as we got home we opened the pizza box lid and each grabbed a slice. One bite in we each explained "HOW HAVE WE NEVER EATEN THIS BEFORE?!?!?!"My car smelled like garlic for 3 days after. WORTH IT.
5	First time I had this pizza was at the culinary festival in Scottsdale and it was great.  The general manager was super nice and the pizza was top notch.  Great sauce and a nice thin crisp crust. Good price and the restaurant is great and friendly. Give it a try.
4	Tomato sauce here was quite tasty, as I was referred to this place for the sauce alone :-).  Pizza was more of a medium crust in my book, not really thin, and certainly not Chicago thin crust.  Whatever they call it, it is a bit too thick for me if it is meant to be in the thin category.  And it seems a little undercooked for the thickness.  Nonetheless, very good overall, both in flavor and in value and service for this restaurant.  I like it.
5	I ordered lunch from this location today for a team meeting at my home office.  The customer service was excellent!  I'm actually from out of town and unfamiliar with this area, but the young lady who answered the phone was able to pull up my office location (which I couldn't remember the address of) and even a previous order to assist me in placing my own order.  She also remembered to include things like plates, silverware and napkins.  It was an easy, streamlined process with a very friendly voice on the other end of the phone.  The delivery driver was on time, called as he was nearing the building and even relocated his car when I realized I'd sent him to the wrong door.  Again, super friendly and he made sure all of my lunch needs were met.  In addition, the pizza and salads were great!  I definitely recommend doing business with them.
4	I'm all in on Spinato's.  Best antipasto salad I have ever had.  The sauce is something else too, what is that sugar in it?  We have found our new local pizza place, I wish I found you 2 years ago when we move.  I have what you call an addictive personality and believe you me I want to be there daily.
5	YUM.  I've always loved Spinato's pizza like no other but now they've surpassed all my expectations with their gluten free pizza.  Simply amazing.  I was told to try a gluten free diet and I thought, why not, I'll give it a whirl.  Who new gluten free could taste BETTER than regular pizza dough.  Delicious! :D
2	Great food, horrible service.  For the 3rd time in 5 visits my pick up order was 10 minutes late.  No apologies no drink no discount t
5	One of my favorite pizza joints. Good service, sweet sauce and quality consistent pizza. That's all I want!
4	Very good Pizza. Delivered almost hot, but not cold--thank goodness. Not New York pizza, but certainly very good for Scottsdale. I like the sweet sauce, and not tons of cheese. Salad was fresh and good. The bill was high at $30 but its worth it --the meal was excellent. They did forget one of our items, so I need to call to deduct that from the bill.
2	What a joke!   Their food is good. But the service I just had for lunch was atrocious.   Ordered my food with an iced tea.    Received the ice tea at the bar and then had to ask the bartender for sweetener.    As I looked around the place was nearly empty.   The bartender walks away and I don't see him for another 5 minutes or so.     My iced tea was empty after two minutes and when I looked around for someone to give a refill.   Surprise.  No one is around.    I had to wait until my food arrived from it looked like a cook to get a refill from someone other than the bartender.   Of course with no ice in it.    Nice room temperature to it.   He also had to get me silverware. Frankly I was less than impressed with the service.    It wasn't until halfway done with my meal that the bartender comes by with a cup of ice and a spoon to tell me. The ice melts fast.    Gee.  I think it really melts fast when their is no ice in the refill cup too.   I am only giving two stars for the food which I believe is 4+ stars.   I am going to stick with delivery and takeout.    If you want to get better service go next door to the Persian restaurant.   They at least check on their patrons.
5	Amazing. Love the sauce. And those dang canolis!Always come back for more. Great service great pies.
2	After hearing so many good things about Spinato's, I was highly disappointed. It was my first pizza I had in Arizona, so maybe I had too high of an expectation? I've come to learn that pizza isn't the same here as it is on the East coast. Their sauce is too sweet and the veggies that they chose to put on their veggie pizza was disappointing.  For what you get, it's a little pricey.
4	The reason this restaurant gets 4 stars is for the gluten free selection. Being from NJ, it's easier now to find gluten free pizza, but here I can also get gluten free garlic bread and caesar salad which is a huge plus! I agree with another reviewer that it has the pizza hut vibe, but when you have a gluten allergy, sometimes the greasy manufactured pizza taste is urned for. The service was excellent during rush hour and I would go back!
5	We ordered the Chicken Presto Pesto (the bomb!), the Margherita Pizza and the Going Greek Salad, everything was FANTASTIC! We are traveling and therefore ordered delivery to our hotel... quite possibly the best pizza I've ever had. You will not be disappointed.
5	I love this place, their personal pizza is the perfect size and many choices. The staff is very nice and welcoming.
4	Fantastic pizza and great service. I stopped in pretty late starving because I meant to eat earlier. Not only did they still seat me but I had my meal in no time. I ordered a small side Caesar salad and a personal sized pizza. Some of the best pizza I've had in a long time. The servers were friendly and fast. A pleasant experience for a late evening stop.
