4	Once again, the Museum Late evening (now becoming a regular fixture) was great fun, with lots of interesting folk, good music and plenty of other entertainment.The music, overseen again by Vic Galloway, was particularly fine this time round. There was a decent Glasgow indie band, but great DJs and a pretty meaty sound system; this was obviously for dancing, rather than just background music, which is always a good sign. The silent disco was also back, which works well for me, as people just assume I must be dancing to a different song.For those prepared to explore, there were plenty of other bits to keep you amused, from face painting to exhibits (it *is* a museum) and various entertainers scattered around the place.There are really only two things here that aren't made of 100% awesome:The theming. The organisers trotted out an animatronic dinosaur once every so often, which chased people around a bit before returning to its authentic Triassic gazebo. There were also some natty dinosaur masks available, and a few folks in their own dinosaur costumes, but I can't shake the suspicion that the themes are just a brilliant excuse for using the museum as a club venue.The end. A few words of thanks for Vic Galloway and the house lights are brought pointedly back to full brightness. This is a move I still strongly associate with school discos, and the attendant sense of having done something you'll be teased about tomorrow.
4	What a great night!  I've tried to get tickets to a Museum night several times but they sell out so quick.  This time though I was ready and not only am I really glad I got to go but I'm really excited for the next night!The museum was beautiful, the music great, the drinks went down well.  The queues were quite long but kind of worth it to wear a dinosaur mask and attack each other faces with it (I'm such a child at heart).  And the silent disco!  Everywhere needs to have a silent disco: clubs, pubs, corner shops, I demand more silent discos.  Everything Richard said is true: such a great night, and looking forward to the next one
4	I'd not been to any of the Museum Lates before, but had always intended to - so when it was announced that the next night would be dinosaur themed some friends and I were ready and waiting to buy tickets.It was a great night, but not without its faults. We got there at about half 7 (or rather, I got there earlier but had to wait for my friends who had the tickets!) and the queue outside moved quickly.  Unfortunately the queue inside to sign up for any of the events was very long and everything filled up before we got to the front - except for the new Capture the Museum game which was just starting and which we'd already downloaded the app for.The Capture the Museum game was fun - but I'm not sure it had been properly tested as every single person had difficultly connecting to the internet (required to use the app) and my boyfriend's app kept crashing - luckily though one of the women running the game lent us her iphone so we could still take part. We were split into two teams (the Blue Queens and the Red Kings) and had to answer questions about various areas of the museum to 'capture' the zone for our team. Our team (Red Kings) won, hurrah! Prize was kudos. The game was fun and I was very competitive, but it's really not difficult at all and would be better aimed at school groups (maybe age 10+ if they can be trusted with iphones).When we'd finished playing the game we went to meet up with friends who had been queuing for a very long time (I'd guess about 45 minutes) to get their faces painted. I gave up after 5 minutes. The designs were beautiful, but with such a huge queue and only 5 people painting faces it would have been a better idea to do more simple designs so that people didn't spend half the event waiting...Minature Dinosaurs were the night's band, pretty good, and the DJ set was fun too. Drinks were pricey, but not outrageous (disappointingly they ran out of the cool green cocktail very early on and the 'Herbivore Pimms' not long afterwards). We missed out on meeting reptiles or deconstructing DNA as these were sign-up only activities, but we did get to see some pretty cool fossils. The Silent Disco was definitely my favourite bit of the evening, with two channels of cheesy tunes to dance away to.It was a very fun night, but there are definitely issues with queuing and drinks supplies that could be better resolved - something that, given this is not the first time they've run a Late event, you'd have thought would have been figured out by now!
4	My first Museum Lates night here was the Dino night, which was a great one to start with! We arrived to see a few dinosaurs in the queue outside and that was only a taste of what was in store for us inside! Inside the museum was transformed into a large party venue that was adults only. There were many activities in a schedule of events but, although we arrived right as the doors were opening, by the time we got through the queue to get inside and through the other queue to sign up for the special events, they were all filled up. We learned our lesson and figured out why it's best to get there early and also why it's good to go to the sign-up table first thing. These queues were a bit ridiculous and frustrating, which was why I'd give the event four stars instead of five.Overall, it was a great event with a lot going on. The main open area on the first floor had a huge stage and live music, dancing and DJ music on throughout the evening. You could also explore the normal exhibits without competing with the kids for the fun things like the bike race to see if you are faster than a cheetah, or the scale to see which animal you weigh close to. We went to a talk on the potted history of the dinosaurs, and we went to a stand where you could speak with museum staff and put on gloves to handle some pieces from the exhibitions (in this case a really neat alisaurus skull!). There were tons of staff working the event and coming around with food to buy, and there were several different bars. It was a great night with a really fun party vibe and it is a great idea to have fun, themed, adult-only nights here. It would be especially great with a group, so next time I'll have to organise a UYE here!Note that tickets do go quickly and they have a reputation for always selling out!
4	Well done NMS for another well attended and good fun evening. Not so many costumes in evidence this time, though I've heard that 'Mammoths' is the next theme, so cave boys and girls can get their neanderthal selves onto the dance floor.
4	I have been here when the Fringe was on and I was pleasantly surprised with the free roaming that is allowed. I was here for 2.5 hours. I took 100's of photos. I touched a TRex bone *wow*, I raced a scale model F1 car  - Jos Verstappen trained in a similar one. I dressed up in a spacesuit. I delighted in the sights and sounds from nature, technical advancements and history. I lost my friends.. ... but I didn't care.. as I was engrossed in the Millennium Clock and the Queen of Scots, taking a beeline and played around with some robots, space craft, satellites and steam engines. There were some pre-shows entertaining in the main hall. Which was a distraction from the treasures that I kept on discovering in all the other halls and annexes. I really recommend anyone who wants to feel like getting more interactive knowledge to visit the Museum Late NightGood thing is that it is adults only! - No screaming children or having to stand in the back of viewing an exhibition because the children get to stand up front.  No waiting in line for any hand on experience and.. not to have to behave like a grown up when particularly impressive awesome moments strike :o)
