4	Really fresh fish. Salmon was delicious. Service wasn't too good and it is pricey.
5	I love this place. We come for brunch all the time. The food is fantastic and the couple that runs it is very welcoming and friendly. The menu has limited options but everything they offer is executed really well.
5	Visited this establishment which was recently reopened under new management.Three of us visited on a Tuesday evening. The restaurant is comfortable and well decorated.  The service is five star.  Most importantly the food is extraordinary and the grilled Greek chicken is most likely the absolute best I have ever had.Everything was ordered and served family style.  It doesn't have to be but I was with my immediate family and we all preferred to share.We started off with a Greek salad. It was loaded with delicious tomatoes, feta cheese and a fantastic dressing among the other normal Greek salad ingredients.Along with the salad we ordered the fried calamari.  Crispy batter and phenomenally soft calamari inside.  It was served with a house made seafood sauce. For a main course we ordered the whole Greek grilled chicken.  I can't say enough great things about this dish.  The skin was crispy, the meat itself juicy and tender and the spices they use are second to none.We finished with some excellent coffee and some terrific baklava. My family who lives here promise to make this a local favorite and I intend to visit again on every visit to Montreal.
1	I used to come to this place when it was under thr old management all the time. It is no where close to what it used to be. A girlfriend and I went for breakfast. Some tables were served water as soon as they were seated. Not us though. We were not served our food at the same time. I only got my plate about 10 minutes after my friend. Toast came out another 10 minutes after that. The food was mediocre at best. Comprable to a pitstop dinner breakfast. Undercooked eggs, overcooked sausage and sloppy potatoes. I don't plan on returning. Over all an unpleasant brunch. At least they were attentive with refilling our coffee cups if nothing else.
