5	Wow, I have been looking for a place liket this.  Excellent food, very clean, fast and healthy.It truely is convenient.  The salads and wraps are amazing!  Thanks Toss & Take...
5	OMG! SO amazing!!! I actually ate here about 3 weeks ago, but I forgot to review till now. It is SO good. So many things to chose from. The people are friendly and the service is quick and accurate. The food tasted fresh, and it had lots of flavor. I am sort of picky with my ranch dressing, and I LOVED it here. Go here if you have a chance. Going back today to eat there for the second time...
5	First time here,amazing idea. Kinda modeled off of Subway in that you go down the line saying exactly what you want. Very delicious will be there again for sure.
3	Came here because I was craving a big salad for dinner.  As previous reviewers mentioned, the lettuce and veggies were all very fresh.  My issue was with the proteins.  The chicken was the bagged Foster Farms like chicken with the fake grill marks.  Toss and Take Salads just made me miss Market Street Bistro, which closed when the economy turned.  They used to grill the protein to order.  This was more like a subway.
5	Great place to eat! I made up my own salad and was given many options. The veggies were fresh and flavorful. I also ordered a small cup of soup on the side. The soup was also very good and wasn't just loaded with salt and broth, but with chicken and veggies. Great place to eat if choosing to eat healthy!
3	I started going here when they first opened and they were great! Everything was very fresh. Portions and pricing were descent and I loved getting the dressing tossed in the salad.  I always got the tilapia because I don't like, as previous mentioned, the protein selection (packaged/fake grill marks). However, I recently noticed quality/freshness had diminished and prices have gone up. Recommendations:Get rid of the microwave!! At least put it in the back so I don't see you microwave the frozen tilapia I order! Invest in a grill and quality will skyrocket. The soup used to be made fresh daily and served from a pot. Now it's stored in a cooler where they also place in the microwave when you order. Chicken noodle  is delicious but a little salty. Staff is always short-handed. They need to hire at least 1 more person between 11-1pm and 5-7pm because service is so slow (not the fault of the employee)! I usually go in with another person and it takes us at least 15 min to get our food. Hopefully, the owner takes a look at this and makes some changes. I really want this place to stay open, considering there aren't very many quick/healthy places for lunch/dinner.I will still go back and enjoy a salad from time to time, but with these changes I would probably go back everyday! I think a couple of improvements will make this a hot spot for lunch/dinner!
5	Great salad and even better soup.  I had the Corn Chowder and it was outstanding.  Love this place.  Try it!!  Everybody needs a healthy option a least once a week.I'm going twice a week.  Tonight was my first time there.  Really good.  Really fresh!!
4	Great place! Portions are plenty, the price is right, and the place is very clean. I especially enjoyed the care that the staff put into each customer and their choices...
5	Great place to get a amazing salad!!!! Make your own or try one of there signature salads...  They use local produce to so that's awesome...  Great local small business
5	This place is pretty awesome. I come by for a salad regularly.Subway feel for salads... but better.So many different protein choices as well as veggies. This place also offers wraps but I have never tried as a Celiac. I just do the salads, avoid croutons, and my Celiac self is just fine.
4	The portions are huge and the lettuce is crisp. I love the fresh veggies! The employees are extremely helpful and pleasant! I would have given 5 stars if the ranch dressing was homemade and not from the bottle. Overall, its a great place and I will continue to go there for my salad fix!
1	So....I was excited to finally try this place out only to see it closed with a notice on the door stating that some permit was expired.Very disappointed and hope it gets figured out
1	Craving a fresh salad so stopped by here today. The sign said open but door was locked and look closed on the inside. Disappointed because I've eaten here before and it was decent and quick for a lunch hour.
3	Disappointed because we have been here twice and totally enjoyed all of the fresh ingredients and delicious salads. For the past month, however, the lights have been off and the "Open" sign has been lit but the door is locked!!! Is the business closed? A total bummer...super weird!
