4	I know this a chain restaurant.  My husband had an experience at another branch that was less than stellar, but we had just gone to the Cupcakery next door and I was in a mood for burgers served outdoor.  It was over 70 degrees here for the first time this year!  Hooray!  Our first impression was not stellar.  It took a long time to clear off an outdoor table.  They were empty, but full of old food and dishes.  When we did order it took a long, long time for it to come out (which is why they push their appetizers).  I was nostalgic for Kirk's (see Cupertino and Palo Alto) Pineapple Cheese burger, so I ordered the Banzai burger.  It was very good, but the teriyaki sauce was a little sweet.  Their fries are totally forgettable. My husband ordered the fish and chips.  OUTSTANDING.  Crunchy, hot, moist inside.  I could have eaten them all.  They even had malt vinegar.  I know they are famous for their burgers, but these fish will keep me coming back here a LOT.
4	Have to say that this chain does the right thing.  They keep it simple and don't try to re-invent the wheel but simply perfect it.  Gourmet juicy big burgers with a culinary twist here and there.  Bottomless fries are a plus along with the full bar separate from the kids dinning section makes this place awesome! Try the new Burnin' Love Burger if you like some spice.
3	I simply love burgers and love trying every burger that anyone has to offer.  Something new that I found here that nowhere else had was the Bleu Cheese burger.  The burger was good, not great.  The meat was salty, partly due to the bleu cheese, but that comes with the territory.  I don't blame them for trying.  Also, pay attention to the bread that your burger will be served on, as I got a jalapeno loaf, that was okay but dry compared to my girlfriend's normal sesame seed bun.  They have bottomless steak-cut fries, which I don't think too many people take up the bottomless offer.  Just think about large, unseasoned potato wedges.  But they do have their own seasoning on all the tables.The staff are very friendly and service is excellent.  They refill your drinks with brand new ones when they see yours get down to half or less, at least our waiter did.  Also, very fun for birthdays as they sing and encourage the other patrons to join in.
5	I must admit, I am in love with the bottomless basket of fries and dipping them in either honey mustard or ranch dressing. If you want to dare yourself, then get a shake too. You also won't go wrong with a bowl of clam chowder. The staff is friendly and the place is always clean. Plus, if you go on-line and join their newsletter, you will get a free burger on your birthday.
3	Red Robin has a classic diner image in both the food and the restaurant decor itself. The are a fusion of old diner style burgers and shakes with a TGIF/Applebees blend of modern comfort items. The even change up their burgers from time to time and theme them up like the 5' alarm burger.
5	I've been going to Red Robin for years; I'm not sure why I've never reviewed it.In my opinion, there is no better place for a burger than Red Robin. Yes it's a chain, but the quality of their burgers is superb. Couple that with their bottomless steak fries and you will always leave satisfied.The service is usually top notch. The server was a tad slow today, but that is definitely the exception and does not sway my 5-star rating.
4	Good food. Great service!!!Thanks Matthew!!! I'll be back for sure. It's a rare find these days to find a place with great service.
2	Did not like...my burger was under cooked actually it was still breathing. YUK. Would have liked the burger if I was a vampire.
3	I had lunch here last week with 3 coworkers. If I had dined alone, I would be giving Red Robin 4, perhaps even 5 stars, as my experience was great. Sadly two of the three people I was with had issues with their food though, so I am giving this Red Robin experience a 3.We started out lunch with a basket of fries. Red Robin has delicious steak cut fries which they will give you unlimited refills on. It's pretty much impossible to leave Red Robin hungry because you can always fill up on the tasty fries. I had the soup and sandwich combo which was a BLTA sandwich and a bowl of clam chowder. One of my coworkers ordered a turkey burger. Another ordered the crispy chicken tender salad, and the third ordered red's rice bowl. My order came out fine, as did the crispy chicken tender salad. (The salad looked amazing, I will probably order it the next time I go) The turkey burger came out as directed but it was under cooked. The person that ordered the rice bowl ended up with a chicken salad. Our server did a good job of rectifying our issues, but I still have to base my review on everything that happened. I have had many good experiences with other Red Robin locations over the years, because of that and the fact that our server fixed our problems I will certainly go back and give this location another try in the future.
5	After a long flight with so many stops on the way, this was like heaven.  I met 2 friends there cause they were on their way home the day we came in.  The four of us had some apps: spinach artichoke dip, the most awesome fries with dipping sauces and seasoning, and chips(or pita...can't remember).  For lunch, my friend and I both had the chicken wrap with bacon and avo added and chicken tortilla soup, my bf had the burger with blue cheese and we added bacon to it, and my other friend had the bbq wrap with another soup.  We polished everything off in no time.  BTW, I have never been here before and didn't know i could get a drink and get free refills.  Steak fries too.  I will definitely be back here again.
4	Red Robin is one delicious chain restaurant.. We live pretty close to this location and it seems have become a go to establishment when we do not know what to do for dinner.. How do you not try like a place that offers bottomless steak fries and Buzzard sauce. The burgers are always winking at you too... Now that is an amazing trick they pull with the way they wrap the burger. Take a close look next time you hit Red Robin, The Burger has this open face that you do not get at all run of the mill burger joint... I know, I know what the hell does the way the burger looks have to do with the food or the service. I say EVERYTHING!! Have you ever been served a burger and it is just sitting there in your basket with a HUGE bun that covers the medallion sized burger....... Hmmmm I think the visual matters... The service is always great and food hits the spot. If you get a chance to swing by there slap feathers with old red and get your burger on!!!
2	Ughhhh, how could I forget about this place??? To me, this is simply just bar food with super, jacked up prices. I've had better chicken fingers from the hospital cafeteria.. They are known for their burgers, which go for about $10, that is just a big hunk of  meat with all the regulars, but also some that are "different and unique." Keep in mind, I am a lover for the burgers. The last time I went we were told by our waitress that our Strawberry Lemonade (yes, I'll admit, this IS amazing) and our fries, were not as bottomless as we thought??? They advertise bottomless drinks and fries with their meals, but .... "they aren't as bottomless as you think." Okay... I understand you cant have a party of 12 in there for 2 hours endlessly gorging on fries and drinks, but come on, there were 4 of us. And your measly helping of 8 fries per basket disappears fast, but.... oh well.So, if you want some bar food, go to a bar. It will be cheaper and more generously portioned whether bottomless or not.
4	Two words:  Speckled Lemonade!  Whoever made this creation is godsend.  After we order our drinks, we come to their crazy assortment of burgers, salads, wraps, and entrees.  I love how you can substitute vegetarian patties instead of their meat filled menu(at NO EXTRA CHARGE!).  I also enjoy their bottomless fries and the honey mustard dressing.  The dressing is a nice mixture of sweet and tangy.  Even after all that, then comes dessert.  The sundaes are very good.  Every time we go there, we enjoy our meal and come out satiated.
5	I always have a great time at Red Robin, and last night was no exception. I decided to take my kids to eat. We enjoy hanging out somewhere where we can laugh and enjoy each others company. Red Robin offers this. Fun atmosphere, delicious food, friendly and fast service. We were greeted at the door and seated right away. Our friendly server acknowledged us and brought out our drinks relatively quickly. She gave us a few opportunities to review the menu without acting annoyed. We ordered the kid's mac n cheese with fries, the pesto chicken sandwich, and the blue ribbon burger with a veggie patty and salad. The one negative thing I have to say is the server that actually brought out our food was not very nice. As we frequent this particular location, we have had her before, and were not impressed. She basically shoved our food in front of us, and acted really annoyed when I had to ask for the ranch that my son ordered, and then had to ask for silverware when she came back for my salad. Our original server same back and assisted us with the remainder of our dinner. She was friendly, and the kids liked her. I especially love Red Robin because they have veggie patties, and will put them on any burger I ask for, no problem. I have attempted to do this at Burger King in the past, and they always give me a hard time. At Red Robin, I can basically order anything my kids or friends are having. The bottomless fries are amazing, the salad is always fresh, the drinks are always coming, and the assortment of various burgers is matched by no other. My son loves to order the kid's mac n cheese, as they offer free refills, which a lot of other places won't. I highly recommend Red Robin, and advise that if you haven't taken your family there, you definitely should!
2	I always had a good experience at RR with their hamburgers but last night me and my wife decided on their pasta and chicken. Well what a nightmare... We were seated next to the kitchen and could see everything. The cooks were all Mexican guys and couldn't speak English and didn't understand the waiters and couldn't read the order tickets. Just getting the order in took 10 minutes. We saw the pasta coming out of a microwave and they messed it all up and had to remake it. By the time it got to us 35 minites had passed. The food was ice cold and tasted horrible. We walked out.
2	Food is average at best and its really pricey. im ok with over priced food as long as service is really good, Red Robin isn't, or the restaurant is in an area like Town Square. When it comes to hamburgers I dont know how I get suckered into eating anything in Vegas when In N Out burger is always awesome.
2	As a hunter for the perfect burger, and a 20 year cook, I have already realized that perfection is in the mouth of the beholder, and you really have to share the taste of chef who developed the combination in question. Today, I had the chophouse burger. It was different than most burgers I had tried, but well prepared and refreshing. I may even opt to have it again, so long as I am seated and tended to by a food server.     I have gathered that food service from 2000 to present has become disgraceful (compared to that of pre-2000) so I don't set my expectations too high when I dine out.     But eating at the bar was nothing short of piss-poor. I have queried 3 different employees on information of the a couple of menu items- 2 of which admitted that they were in the gray and my server- the bartender- said she would find out. It took her 12 minutes to retrieve that information. I had already finished one glass of water which was placed under a dusty tapper, which I wiped off myself (witnessed by another employee) before my order could finally be taken and sent back to the cook. I can understand her distress as she had to tend to 2 others who were sitting at the bar and keep up with after-work plans with her co-workers (said sarcastically.)      Before I finished my only round of fries (if I had been seated, I would have been offered a refill), I added an entree to go. Just a bit over five minutes later, she returns with my order, already bagged, and to any one else with a 5th grade education would have recognized that I had no other business but to pay for my food. She placed my order beside my two empty beverage containers and continued doing what she was doing- not wiping down service areas and gossiping with her cohort. Another 10 minutes had passed when she finally asked if I wanted to pay my bill. Duh! I would've waved her down for the bill, but I wanted to be able to justify her $1.16 tip, far more than she deserved.  I would have liked to hear her complain of the sickly gratuity, but I had already spent 1hr and 3 minutes for business that could have been resolved in 25 generous minutes.
3	Haven't been here in AGES! I had a gift card I needed to use so I headed there to save a bit of money after a pretty extravagant weekend.We arrived and were greeted very boisterously and taken to our booth. Man, was this place poppin' on a Sunday night. Super super busy, but it didn't impede service whatsoever.I ordered the Bonzai Burger (just like old times) with a cup of clam chowder. My fella got the All American Burger (he's a sucker for a burger with an egg on top). My burger was cooked just as I had requested and it tasted just as I had remembered. It was a little lacking in teriyaki sauce, but it had just the right amount of all the ingredients. My clam chowder was pretty tasty as well. Nothing gourmet obviously, but it quenched my soup craving for the evening and for that I was appreciative. My fella enjoyed his burger quite a bit as well. We're both big fans of the endless refills on steak fries available. Not that we took full advantage of that, but it's good in theory.Try the fries with some honey mustard. Yum!The service was fast and extremely friendly and I always keep an eye out for the actual "Red Robin" to come out on weekends. That always makes me smile. All in all, good experience.
4	There must have been a time when you have felt ravenous and want to devour everything within sight. Red Robin is the epitome of this desire. With their ginormous burgers and bottomless baskets of fries, you will feel satisfied and ready for the self hatred that comes with it. Walking past the first set of double doors, you will be greeted with a warm welcome and open second set of double doors. The hostess inquire about your day and lead you to your table. The interior is strictly classic American. It does not pretend to be a 50's diner, but gives you the feel of what I guess our country use to be. The food is over abundant and fast. I normally prefer the whiskey river BBQ burger on a whole wheat bun. When I substitute the meat patty for a boca burger, I am still not disappointed. The last time I ordered their new menu item, the chophouse burger. It is delicious, but I felt my arteries clogging up. Overall, I enjoyed it, but do not remember everything that was on it besides the onion straws and the horseradish mayo. I think there was some sauteed mushrooms as well. It was tasty, but I would order my usual.There are so many different tiers in the Vegas burger world. For being a family establishment that is unassuming and basic, I enjoy this for when I want something simple or classic. The best part about this location, if you don't despise your weak will, you can always walk over to the Cupcakery for the K.O.
4	I did a check in about how there were honestly 40 High School kids in the lobby/parking lot and we actually got a table for two right away.  We came in and nearly turned around in fear with seeing all those kids, but braved enough to ask to hostess who despite the screaming and jumping around of 40 16 year olds still had a smile on her face.I LOVE their fries with a passion and every few months will crave them, I rarely do burgers so when I do them - they better be good.  I generally order the Royal Red Robin Burger because the egg can be so tasty!  This last time, the burger started out delicious, but once it started to cool down - the American Cheese congealed into something not so tasty and attractive looking and made the burger inedible half way through. I think I will order something different next time without American Cheese.  My boyfriends burger was good all the way through though. Our food came SUPER fast and our waitress was very nice and attentive.  The location isn't near us, but we make a trip down there every so often so I can get a Very Berry Limeade and Fries!
1	DO NOT EAT HEREBad food, high prices, incompetence abounding.  They cut corners on food, they treat their employees terribly, and their is no atmosphere, unless you count the air smelling like a more depressing opium den...please stop going here so they can close down faster. Would have picked zero stars if that was an option.  One is four too many.
5	Ok Ok as far as the food goes it gets 3 stars....not bad but it wasn't earth shattering. The 5 star rating was for Samantha, our delightful and awesome server. She was so kind to my monkeys by bringing them balloons (only after my daughter went potty...she's kind of afraid of the toilet flushing), their food first, offering us more crayons, gave my daughter sprite for her upset tummy. It made me and my friend's lunch so much nicer. I hope her manager reads this because she is what makes me want to visit Red Robin again. Keep up the good work Samantha!
5	i am a red robin fan for the same order everytime i go. i've only tried their freckled lemonade and whisky river bbq chicken wrap! yes i really mean it when i order the SAME thing everyyyy time. i love it that much. i can't even explain why i love this order. its yummy and it'seven absolutely better with the best honey mustard on the planet! please try their honey mustard, and agree it's the best out there! ok so my routine, is i eat half the wrap save the other half for left overs and when we're ready to go ask for fries AND freckled lemonade to goooo! mmmm bottomless! =)
2	Huge fan of the Red Robins in Illinois, but this particular store, on this particular night, was marginal at best.  Burger were dry enough to suck all the moisture out of my mouth, and all our sammiches were very light on the condiments.  Definitely not worth the price, and not coming back.We DID eat at the one on Sunset four years ago, and it was tasty, but if they're both overseen by the same district manager doubtless that one has gone downhill too.
3	My client wanted to come here for lunch. It was 107* outside. Red Robin was nice and cool inside.I went with the fish and chips. A good portion of cod - 4 fat battered pieces and unlimited fries. I only had one serving BC there was plenty of food.Our waiter was friendly & accomadating and he checked in many times.It's funny I have a Red Robin 5 minutes from my house and have eaten there only once!
1	I will NOT be going back to this location. I went there last night and got food poisoning. I know it was from there because I did not have much to eat yesterday and I doubt that my apple caused it. And it was right after we finished dinner and the stabbing stomach pain and sweating began. As soon as I arrived home, it was in full effect. My husband called the manager while I was "indisposed" and was told that everything was served "at temp" and that it pretty much isn't their problem. My husband got food poisoning from there a few months back but we thought that maybe it was just a fluke. I'm guessing not. I still feel horrible today and feel like this was totally dismissed by the management at this location.
3	Me: Where do you want to eat for dinner tonight?4 year old: McDonald's!?Me: Nope. Where else do you want to eat?4 year old: Red Robin!!Me: AlrightPer the kids' request, we visit Red Robin every one to two months. They like it because of the miniature arcade in the front, balloons, crayons, and kid's menu/coloring page/activities. I like it because it is always super loud so no one can hear when my 1 year old gets fussy or when my 4 year old isn't using his inside voice. All of the craziness at my table blends in with the ruckus of the remaining restaurant into one big, happy, burger-eating union.I'm sure you know that they give you unlimited steak fries, but did you know that for $0.99 extra, they will turn those into Garlic Parmesan fries? I'm quite certain they use garlic out of a pre-minced jar and pre-shredded parmesan, but they are still delicious. Make sure to ask for their ranch, which is scrumptious, and the perfect pairing for their fries. My husband and I usually share the guacamole bacon burger which is a decent burger. I honestly can't say it's much better than the one from Carl's Jr. but we're paying for the atmosphere and bottomless fries. Our bill usually comes to around $20 for an appetizer, burger, and kid's meal. For a family of 4, I think this is a bargain. Red Robin wouldn't be my first choice to fulfill my burger craving, but it does a decent job and my family loves it so we will continue to frequent this place.
3	A-OK by me.  A typical Red Robin experience - slightly slow service and acceptable food.  Endless fries, which means the portion you get with your sandwich is small so make sure to ask for more.  The refill here was much smaller than what I usually get, but it was okay (I could've asked for more but I was tired).  Salad was ok enough, just wish the promotions were highlighted in the menu and not just the table tent - I hadn't noticed the special strawberry salad until after we ordered. :(
1	The service okay, it was fast. But the food was not up to par for the price. The French onion soup sucked. Thin slice of cheese and the bread inside was hard as hell and the bread it came with was extra hard. My wife couldn't eat it. My roast beef dip sandwich was also not to par being 15 bucks was high for a below average sandwich. The service was so fast to it was like we were being rushed. That's the first and last ill have Red Robin.
1	Food was great , service was poor. Waiter assumed no one wanted a refill or more fries. Jerk
4	Really the only downside on this place is the environment.  Too many kids running around.  Where are their parents?You can't go wrong with all you can eat steak fries.  Two reasons: first, they are steak fries.  Steak fries are how fries should be prepared.  I should be able to taste some potato.  I'm so tired of the crispy grease sticks all the burger joints have these days.  Second, it's all you can eat.  'Nuff said.I usually get the bleu ribbon burger.  Good sized patty, a little pink on the inside.  Bleu cheese and onion straws.  It's delicious.I also get the girly strawberry lemonade.  It's unlimited refills, and it's awesome.  I don't care how sissy I look.Anyways, everything is affordable.  I leave feeling full.  The service is pretty decent.
4	Still really good. Went out on a date with hubby and we were seated in the bar area. I had a free birthday burger on my red royalty card and they were way cool about it.Service was fast and the fries were crispy how I like them..A good place for a quick bite at a good price..
4	I go here just for the fries and drinks...
2	This was my first time eating at Red Robin and I've had a lot of friends tell me that it's amazing, so I was pretty excited to try it....well, I was not impressed. This is just like every other American fast food chain, but with a royalty card to keep you coming back, except I signed up for the card just to get the free appetizer.I had a really salty burger, with the "unlimited" steak fries - fyi, you don't really want to eat that many, so that's probably why its unlimited. I thought the fries were just okay, maybe I had a bad batch, since everyone says the fries are good. The drink I ordered, some strawberry soda tasting thing, was not good, but came in a pretty shaped glass. That really shouldn't be the pro.
3	I usually go to Red Robins once a week. But this was my first time going to this location. I usually get a freckled lemonade and the whisky bbq burger, this place was no exception. I would rate the food five stars. The burger comes with bottomless steak fries and the drink is also bottomless... in other words UNLIMITED REFILLS. OMG haha. Usually when you order they immediately bring out the fries first, and by the time the burger comes out I am half way full. Which is quite pleasant because normally only fit half of the burger in my stomach and the next day I eat the other half of the burger. It's like your paying for two mealss for the price of one haha. Anyways this place would've been Five stars if it weren't for the lack of service. I'm not going to lie I drink a lot of water and lemonade even before the meal comes out, but out of the hour I was there I only got my cup refilled once. -_- and after that I waited a good 15-25 minutes for my bill. But overall if you just want some deeeelicious $10 and below hamburgers then this is the place to goo. Make sure you ask for a royalty card too!!! Free burgers on your bday and on your 10th one!
3	I ate here a year ago and would have given it a 2 star. This time its 3 stars....not 4 and heres why....patties are pre-frozen for sure (gourmet, yeah right). And I asked for the patty to be a tiny bit pink...it was rare! And like last time, the meat was completely unseasoned! Their flavored teas were good, and the endless fries were filling. My husband and I ended up having digestive issues for nearly 24 hours after eating there however. The environment is family-friendly, bright, and clean! The staff are helpful, kept up on the refills well enough.
3	Red Robin is just that - A-OK.It won't be the best burger you've had by any means but it'll definitely do the trick.  The service is overly friendly (reminiscent of a satirical movie - I can't remember if the server had pieces of flare).  Can't complain about that.Hubs and I went with a bacony burger on special for $7.  He ordered more fries but never got them - good thing - 1 burger and fries is plenty.  Additional fries would have caused pain.  It's relatively cheap and it will definitely fill your belly.  Great place for kids.
4	My boyfriend LOVES this place. I like it because they always have amazing customer service. We went this last week, it was suuuper busy and they forgot our onion rings and bacon on our burger. BUT the manager came by apologized and took it off our bill without even asking. I thought that was very nice of him! We will go back because of the customer service.
2	Have you ever been happy just to get the heck out of somewhere? I had that feeling tonight at Red Robin. My wife was craving a loaded cheeseburger so along with my 2 year old off we went. Being a Friday night the parking lot was almost full, my wife and I took the last two open spaces as she met us there. Once we stepped inside things went South. Rather than write war and peace let's just drop the facts: 1: They called that iced tea? 2: You quit carrying spinach and artichoke dip? WTF? 3: The Mushrooms / Zucchini appetizer picture had to be Photoshopped. What we got, well the mushrooms were edible. The zucchini was, well, ugh!4: Normally the Fish and Chips are good. I've had them in Kansas City, Denver, and Vegas. Tonight's batch failed. Blah, boring, undercooked. Why mince words, it sucked. 5: I asked for malt vinegar sauce. 3 requests later someone finally gets it. 6: I would like my steak fries to be warm, preferably when they come to the table I want them hot enough when served that I don't want to keep my fingers on them for long. What I got made me wonder if the cook was celebrating 4/20 prior to coming to work. 7: 1.19 for two lame little bitty slices of avacado that looked like it was on it's last legs? Really? Pathetic. 8: My 2 year old thought the mac and cheese sucked. He ate two bites, thankfully the orange they served with it was good as that's all he ate. And it's hard to make kids food suck but they rose to the occasion. 9: On the way out we had to walk past a bunch of servers and a manager who wouldn't clear a path and they were talking about a large party that came in. The manager said and I quote "I don't know where in the f*** to sit them, either they wait or they can sit on the damn floor". Needless to say I was happy to leave. Thankfully the Cupcakery that shares the same parking lot was still open to provide some sustenance that actually tasted good.  On my way home the way my stomach feels it made me wonder if I might need some Syrup of Ipecac before the night's over. 2 Stars: Our server was overworked but tried his best. And 1 star goes for the TV's that let me see the end of the Giants / Mets game.
3	This visit was just OK. Our waiter was pretty distracted and I sat for a while without a refill of my drink. They got rid of my favorite chicken sandwich, the Caprese :( but their new double cheeseburger on a subbed Ciabatta roll was tasty and about the same price as going to Carl's Junior. They were out of fries, so we waited a bit and were given a basket of fresh ones which were great. All in all about what is expected of this range of restaurant.
2	For those of you who want to be seated quickly, have good service, don't have kids with you and don't want to see other people's kids, a piece of advice: sit in the bar. As with BJs right down the street, you can seat yourself at the high top tables in the bar or directly at the bar. Service is quick. Doesn't make the food any better, but it makes the experience tolerable.Anyway, the food: I just discovered my adoration of any burger with a fried egg on it. RR has one and it's tasty. The rest of the food is fast-food quality. Even the burned fries are soggy. RR is good for a quick bite when you don't really care too much about what you're eating. Just remember to sit in the bar.
2	I usually like the Avacado Bacon burger, but decided to have a small dinner salad with blue cheese dressing this time.  I couldn't eat my salad, the dressing was like a thin mayonaise mixture; a sour, thin, non-fat dressing texture.  My daughters Southwestern salad had a simular thin dressing mixture.  The restaurant was not that busy, it was a Saturday afternoon, we were seated in the bar.  Our server was also the bartender.  He could care less about checking on us.  My regular  margarita, on the rocks, tasted like soap and had a milky color to it.  We were very disappointed, usually Red Robin is pretty good.
1	My daughter and I have made it a tradition to eat here on the last day of school each year. We also come a few times throughout the year. Each time we come to this location, the service is slow and the food is just OK. On this occasion, I was with my daughter and her friend. It took about ten minutes to get our drink order put in and by then, we were ready to put in our food order. We each ordered an entree and then an appetizer. By the time the appetizer came (almost 20 minutes) our drinks had been empty for some time and never refilled.By the time our food actually arrived, our table was clear of every crumb and our drinks were still empty.My daughter and her friend were satisfied with their food but I was not. I got the new Sassy Double burger. It seems that they have taken their, nice and juicy single patties, and turned them into two smaller hockey pucks.No matter how many surveys I fill out or managers I speak to, nothing ever changes.Overall, I am sick and tired of this location! I am now willing to drive an extra 10 mile to go to the Red Robin in the Sunset Mall.
2	only two stars cuz the food tasted good. i had the bonzai, which is ok. i think the carls jr. teriyaki burger tastes better though. my bf got a royal red robin and it was ok for him too. we also had some coleslaw and mac n' cheese but they never brought out napkins and utensils. we asked for some and we got napkins but the guy said the utensils were being washed. we thought that was weird but w/e. halfway through our meal and we still didnt get it. when we finished, we sat around for probably 10 minutes before we were noticed. they gave us to go boxes for our stuff and asked if we needed our check but we waited another while before we got it... maybe the staff has memory issues or something... our server came by and asked us how we were doing and i mentioned that we never got our utensils so she apologized and told her manager. the manager ended up comping the whole meal so we didn't have to pay at all. i'd prolly go to red robin again, just not this location...
1	I went there on a Tuesday night with a girlfriend, my husband and my 3 year old. First off they said the wait was going to be about 10 minutes, it was 30. After the long wait, they finally sat us down in the middle of the restaurant. It was so loud I couldn't even hear my girlfriend sitting next me. After another 20 minute wait, he finally took out drink orders because we were waiting so long our food orders as well. He came back only with half of our drinks and then we had to wait tell the hostess who was  the one came to give us our food, that we were missing half of our drinks. We NEVER once got a refill on on our bottomless fires cause we only saw the waiter once more and it was to give us our check.The food was okay but it wasn't with the 80 dollar check. I never experienced a place with worst customer service then this place. I will not be going back.
2	It may just me but I think Red Robin has gone down hill. I used to love to get me a good burger at this location. Not so much anymore. Service was slow and fries were old and overcooked. Only reason I go there still is because my kids like it. But each time I go I get more and more against the idea of going there again.
3	I'll never understand why people rate such a major difference among restaurants from the same chain. This Red Robin tastes like any other Red Robin I see. Hell, blindfold me and take me to each Red Robin without me knowing and I still won't know the difference. It's just like movie theaters, they have all the same movies and expensive prices for snacks. The difference that separates each chain restaurant is the service and etc.This Red Robin's service is inconsistent. Though our servers are always nice, I remember one in particular who just showed no personality or emotions. I felt like I was talking to a wall. She made me feel that I shouldn't even be there and that she shouldn't be there. Otherwise, most servers are courteous. The only issue I have is their inconsistency. They're not as timely as other Red Robins but I would actually blame the fact that there aren't enough waitresses. When I was there, I would only see 3 maybe 4 at most servers working. For a restaurant that has near 100 person capacity, that is slavery.
3	My server was pretty wonderful. She told us about the happy hour and when we ordered just one appetizer, she told us it'd be like $2 more for another one ($5 deal for two appetizers).We got the jalapeno coins (which I will probably get again next time I'm back) and the onion rings. Both were actually pretty good. I probably enjoyed those more than my burger and garlic fries.I used to come here years ago for garlic fries but it doesn't seem up to par this time. Granted, it's been a few years, or maybe they were kind of soggy or maybe the appetizers filled me up already. It just didn't taste quite the same.I split the burger (prime chophouse?) with my friend cause we can't finish one whole burger. To be honest, we didn't even finish our half burger nor our fries. The drinks and appetizers get to me every time!
4	First of all, if you are undecided where to eat.  Drive down S. Eastern and you can't go wrong.  Restuarants on both sides from FF to sit down.  Because of the wide selection, this Red Robin is sometimes my pick when I'm in the area and am hungry. Doesn't get too busy and service is always good here.  Their burgers are good, juicy, and the thing that sets any burger here apart is based on what you put on it.  I forget all the different types of burgers you can get, but they make pretty much everything.  The turkey burger is also good.  I tried the Oktoberfest Burger and wasn't too impressed.  I should have stuck to what I usually get, which is their Tavern Double.  So good.  Other Try's:-Cod Sandwich.  Not bad, but Bachi's ruined it for them.  Haven't found anyone that has a better cod sandwhich than Bachi Burger.-Patty Melt:  Okay, but small. You will wish you got a burger. Now my favorite, their fries.  I prefer steak fries over regular fries, season fries, garlic fries, and onion rings.  Bottomless steak fries here.  My only issue is that they give you about 10 pieces.  It's bottomless, but c'mon. Hook it up the first time so I don't have to keep on asking for more.
4	Red Robin is great. The burgers are juicy, the fries are delicious and the drinks are potent. The only problem I've ever had was when I took my vegetarian daughter to lunch here. On the menu, the veggie burger was specified as Morningstar Griller's Prime, and I even asked the waiter to be sure. When the burger arrived, it was a Gardenburger. I asked the waiter to take it back, and he gets someone else (I assume the manager), to come over and tell me that they have switched veggie burgers since the menu was printed. My daughter didn't want to take a chance on ordering anything else, so she just ate her fries.
5	Had an absolutely wonderful experience at this Red Robin this weekend. Our waitress (who we later found out was the manager filling in for a waitress who called out sick) was fantastic! She was so friendly and personable. Gave us menu suggestions, and commented on the items we were ordering and how she liked them. She was a fantastic waitress. Our service was verrrry attentive. We had appetizers come out within practically minutes, food came out not long after that. Our drinks were always full and waiters/waitresses were always stopping by to check on us. Service was fantastic and our food was delicious. Left with full bellies and big smiles!
4	Stopped by for lunch on Black Friday. Service was just fine and the food came out quick. It was great as usual. Definitely worth a visit.
2	Bugs, This place has bugs! The last time we were here our friend has bugs crawling in her lettuce... I think we won't be back for a long time. Its too bad because RR generally has some of my favorite burgers.
3	Plain and simple a good burger.  Huge amounts of burger types which is nice.  Fries are hit and miss in respect to whether they are old or new, warm or cold, cooked properly or not realy proper.  Always a freindly staff
5	This place is to burgers what California Pizza Kitchen is to pizza. If you can put it on a burger they have done it. The big bonus is bottomless french fries. Join their loyalty program called Red Rewards, and get a free burger on your birthday! You will also get other offers, I just got a free milkshake (I got the Caramel and Salt, Very Good). They also have a full bar for those of you who want something a little stronger than a milkshake. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Don't fill up on the bottomless frys before your meal arrives.I think this was my deciding visit!  I'm not sure if I will be back, it was ok!  Nothing really exciting to write about.  Just the fact that it was a decent place to sit down and have a burger or a few other choices. I got the guacamole bacon burger, I had to keep shaking there special seasoning on my burger.   I also had to do a double take, to make sure the guacamole was really on tt.  My root beer float...I'm not sure about there ice cream, it wasn't that sweet.  I don't think I will be back.
5	I absolutely adore this place. Being someone who suffers from different food allergies,  It makes it complicated to go out and eat. Red Robin is a great place to get that burger craving without feeling scared of getting sick. They are more than happy to work with you and adjust whatever to make you feel happy and safe. I recently had a slight issue with my take out order ( mistakes do happen and that is totally okay!) When I called I spoke with the manager Nathan and he was so kind, patient and was willing to hear me out. He felt bad for the inconvenience and made it up for it so easily and quickly. He really cares about his customers and wants them to be happy. I love it here, they are a great!
4	Friday night about 630. We were able to sit in the bar area right away. There is a new menu and many new items. This is the first time in a LONG time that my order was correct. The only unique thing I ask for is extra crispy fries and it never happens. The fries were great tonight. Nevada Red Robins are piloting a new thing. Plates instead of baskets. Yay! We get to eat like adult now. Seriously, I like having a plate instead of a basket.
3	I love eating here.  Endless fries and honey mustard? Count me in.
4	First I must say our server Charlie was AMAZING!!  He was super nice, very helpful and gave great service.  He went on and above to make sure our meal and experience was good.  My friend and I got the crispy chicken sandwich on wheat buns and they were really yummy!  Obviously because it is a chain it isn't going to be 5 star food but it was pretty good!  My hubby got the BBQ burger and he loved it!  The fries were hot and plentiful!  I love dipping them in the buzzard sauce and ranch.  yum!  Because its my hubby's birthday month he got an ice cream sunday.  I am always super full when I leave Red Robin and the food is consistant.
4	To be honest I really enjoyed my food, but even better than the food was my server Katie! I was very surprised to be treated so well and have a server that was so sweet and really made me feel as though she was happy to be serving me. Hopefully one of the big hotel restaurants don't snatch her away, but the would be smart if they did. I left feeling like a stuffed pig but at least with a smile on my face .
4	Been here a handful of times. Food & Service were always decent the times I have visited this location. The thing Red Robin is known for is serving bottomless fries with their burgers. Of note, you can substitute the bottomless fries for other items for free and certain items for a small extra charge ranging from broccoli to sweet potato fries. The burger is also customizable such as what type of bun among other things.Signing up for their loyalty card does win you a free burger in your birthday month every year and other discounts & offers throughout the year.The most recent visit, my friend & I had a very helpful and attentive waitress named Medina I believe? If every visit yields good results I will keep coming back when the urge to eat a whole lotta fries hits.
3	I came here for the first time and the service was above average for a everyday regular American dining, however the food was a disappointment. I ordered the mushroom burger and not only does it look absolutely gross, the bun was very soggy and mushy. The food prep put tons of mushrooms which spilled all over my plate and the oils have soaked up the buns. It was very difficult to eat. I also ordered a strawberry milkshake that was about $5.00. McDonalds strawberry milkshake that costs a dollar is way better than this one.
4	Come here for lunch often with coworkers and decided to bring mom this past Friday. This is burger heaven, and I love the fact that you can substitute the typical red meat patty for a Boca or Gardenburger patty if you're vegetarian like I am.This past visit was pretty decent. The server we had was very attentive and friendly and the food was right on par. Only downside is that our server forgot to ask if we would like fries while we waited on our lunch. I didn't bother to ask because they typically ask or just automatically bring them to you. So we waited for ten minutes until our lunch arrived and once it did, they brought my mom fruit instead of fries as her side. So then I asked for a basket of fries.Mom ordered the Simple Burger and it didn't come with cheese. Neither of us noticed that it didn't from the menu, so we had to ask for a slice of cheese on the side. At the end of the day, the food was great and the fries are always great. Only downfall is that we were both starving and didn't get the bottomless fries treatment. All in all, I'll be back in some fashion, whether it be with coworkers, mom or friends. PSYou guys need to get on the Coke Zero bandwagon!!
3	This place is usually awesome but our service tonight was very poor. We could hardly understand our server and she screwed up our order on more than one account. Always ask for Glenn he's the best they've got!
4	What can I say?  I love Red Robin's burgers!  I'm not sure if all Red Robins are like this location, but it's nice that there's a full bar area to separate you from the regular crowd of families with lots of kids.  The drink menu has a lot of awesome little drinks like the Skinny Sweet Tea, and the Skinny Vodka Lemonade.  They were delicious.  I usually get the bacon cheeseburger and substitute chipotle mayo instead of regular mayo.  Then I get onion rings instead of fries, with a side of onion ring sauce.  The burgers are always cooked perfectly and served hot.  I love the breading on the onion rings - very crispy and crunchy.  The onion ring sauce goes with ANYTHING.  My friends were dipping their burgers in the sauce, lol. Our service this past weekend was great!  Our server checked on us often and brought us everything we needed quickly.  She was great!
2	Brought the kids here for a late dinner after a tournament. Surprise! They have changed the menu yet again.... scaled it back which is smart, but took off what I was looking for and changed up one dish that added  more calories. to what was once a low cal dish.. After being seated we waited for about 10 minutes for a server. I think they were deciding who's table it was.. The initial server was great.. Then someone else brought our drinks... Then our order was taken, and another person brought out our food.. Kids pizza, burnt on the bottom, not sure how they missed it since there was black char on the paper around it.. Kids hamburger, no complaintsSoups were served luke warm.. New wedge salad was good, but as usual over dressed. We've been here many times before and service and food were good, but it seems  lately it just keeps failing and continuing to go downward. There;s either been a change in management or the kitchen..
5	This location we always have great service. They always remind us regards to the rewards card we have and the deals we have to choose from. The Teriyaki Chicken Burger and fries with Teriyaki sauce to dip is always juicy and perfect. Who would have thought of using a beer in a milkshake? They did and the Blue Moon one is awesome. Got to try it. Would always be back
3	We usually eat at he Red Robin over in the Galleria Mall, but we decided to try this one this time. We were seated quickly but it took some time for us to be waited on, the restaurant was busy so I let this pass. My husband got a Big Tavern Burger Pig Out Style and I got the Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Wrap, both with their bottomless fries. The food just wasn't as good as the other location. Service ended up getting better but I think I will skip this location if we go to a Red Robin again.
4	i dont eat here much but everytime i come the experience is better & better everytime!the service is spectacular as everyone in the staff is so nice! freckled lemonade & steak fries are bottomless!!! omg i could sit there for hours & just eat!! burgers are great too of course! you will not leave hungry!!! everyone loves burgers & friestwo thumbs up to red robin!
2	Service can be hit or miss here. Most times we have good experiences (we dine with a 2 year old), however, last time I was here, although my server had a very bubbly personality, picking up dirty dishes was not for her. Our dirty plates sat on the table while waiting for our 2 year old to finish, even after checking on us, refilling our drinks, and bringing our checks. They just sat there........There's way too many good burgers in town to have to deal with poor customer service.
4	Red Robin stepped it up and I gave them another chance. Glad I did, service was much improved, even on a busy night, and we enjoyed some good food. Thank you Red Robin for stepping up to the plate!
3	I would never have rated it this low if it weren't for tonight. I have ate here for years and adore the reasonable pricing and portions. Tonight was a huge let down. Usually they have bigger and reasonable portions for the common person. I never questioned paying 10$ for a wrap because I knew it was of fair size. Tonight I discovered the drastic change in portion as well as the increase in price. Red Robin is NOT gormet.  It is a American burger place known for fries, shakes, and burgers. They should not charge higher pricing and give their customers bearly half of what used to be given. You can say I'm outraged but paying 13$ for a lack-luster plate of food and a bill for three being 60$ is a little outrageous for burgers. The food is GOOD. Always has been. The pricing and smaller portions are nothing to be desired.
5	This place is always GOOD! When me and my husband were moving here, we ate at this location. The waiter was helpful and gave us suggestions on were to look for a place to live etc. Since moving to Vegas, we have been here countless times and we always leave happy.We always get the burgers and fries here. The Royal Red Robin is a favorite. The fries are always hot and crispy too.  The service is always good and friendly. We will continue to make this place a regular stop. Just not all the time. We can't afford the calories. Haha!
3	Whiskey river! Always a good choice.
3	Server was very on his game(lil loud tone of voice) kinda funny in a good way, always remember their ice tea is not flavored so of you prefer a raspberry ice tea the raspberry is a syrup they pour into your ice tea some servers can over pour on your syrup but I don't make a big deal out of it, I got my drink! Me & my fam frenz started off with the shorty o-rings & the wings n'yukon chips which were island style-maui amazing. I had the bacon cheeseburger which was good. Too much mayo & I had not much fries. Knowing that the fries are bottomless I figured they would start off with a good portion of fries. My time there was good. Service very friendly & quick.
3	Good place to get a decent burger. I haven't had something I didn't like, but I really come here for the freckeled lemonade and bottomless fries more so than the burgers! I don't know why but I was hooked on their seasoning for the fries! They usually have my favorite beers on tap depending on the season, Sam Adams seasonal. Which is another addd bonus. I don't usually come here during Happy Hour but when I do, I switch out the lemonade for the beer! I haven't had bad service here yet and they're pretty quick, even when I was with a party of 10. All of us ended up getting freckeled lemonade and we cleaned them out of glassware! Didn't know that was possible, we were quite entertained by it. My only real complaint is that if you don't pick your times right, you'll find yourself in a very loud resturant with a lot of children who don't behave. Some screaming and yelling around like they're the only ones there. I love children but not when they're misbehaving out in public places ._.;; Otherwise it's a great place to just chill with friends
4	We sat at a  table in the bar area, we had great service, the food was fresh and we really enjoyed our experience.  I will give you a hint, if you do not have any kids, sit in the bar area it's not crowded and you get good service!
5	They have really awesome wraps and chicken tortilla soup. To die for. Plus, an added bonus. Really great service. If your ever in the neighborhood.  Ask for, Devon!!!! Shes so full of life and really down to earth. Has a great sense of humor and urgency. Picked up my lunch for the day. Super fast and super hott. Thanx red robin.....yummmmmmmmmmmmm=)
2	The service was very slow, never brought more lemonade and the size of the patties was ridicuolous
3	Went on a Friday night....waited about 15 minutes for a table.  Longer than average time to get our spinach and artichoke dip app ($7) The lower price meant smaller portion of dip.  Ordered a grilled chicken sandwich tossed in their buzzed wing type sauce. ($9.99)  Entrees came in a timely manner.  Fries are good steak fries with seasoned salt on the table and a number of dipping sauces available.  I got my fries with the mayo/mustard sauce called campfire.  I should say I ordered my fries with it because when the fries arrived the sauce did not come with it.  By the time the sauce arrived the fries and wich were long gone.  I did use them on my second order of fries which came a good 10-15 minutes later.  Iced tea came pretty regularly.
2	I'm giving on star to the waitress and one star to the manager. They were really the only good things that we encountered at this location.The parking sucks at this location. If by itself it would still be too small and since its in a crowded little shopping plaza it flat out sucks trying to find the entrance and then a spot. It was packed but we were sat quickly. Looking around I should have known we were in for a helluva night since everywhere I looked there were snot nosed little monsters getting high on soda and shakes.One Little blonde girl started crying as we were sat and I felt sorry for the girl. That sorrow quickly turned to annoyance as the parental unit ignored the crying and it turned to ear shattering screams of pay attention to me! The waitress saw us flinching and apologized for the noise and the long wait for our food saying it was busy tonight (37 minutes for our food and the musical accompaniment of that little blonde girl and her monster back up screamers).Food was normal Red Robin,  the manager came over and apologized for the screaming kids and took our drinks off our bill saying he wished parents had the sense to take their kids outside when they acted like that. The waitress was on top of drinks and small talk so it wasn't completely a negative experience. If we go back it may be in the day time to avoid the kids/scream monsters
5	5 star for service:We were first greeted by a Gentlemen, I believe manager. I didn't catch his name but he was very personable. His welcoming was not robotic and for the 1 minute he spent with us... we knew the restaurant was well managed. He also made sure we had a booth that we requested so extra plus for that. Momentarily we were greeted by Katy, our server for the evening. She is.... so.... good. She's happy, and you can genuinely tell. What impressed me the most though is how the colleagues interacted with one another. They tell each other Thank you and excuse me. Without a good team environment, you can't offer great service- they've obviously nailed both down. We came at a busy night.... sat down for about an hour and there were 4 birthdays around the restaurant. Came during Tuesday night 6-7. ( I really hope my server name is Katy lol... If not she is the blond, thin, tall, and nice of course!)4.5 for food:I ordered the A1 peppercorn burger, as I love A1 sauce. The flavors are definitely there. My friend ordered the whiskey river bbq burger... now that's one delicious burger. it's worth the calories, take my word! Only order that if you love bbq sauce just an fyi. I ordered the sweet potatoe fries for an additional cost and that was very good too. Only reason why I gave -.5 I request for medium rare... meat was completely cooked through. Maybe cause the patty is quite thin or while it was sitting on the warmer plate it may have cooked on its own.This is my first Yelp review I am writing so thank you red robins for a great dinner. Definitely good for casual eat and for families with kids. (They have beers too ;) ) definitely will be back again.
2	I like the onion rings and the fries. But the burgers are cooked on a convaiour belt. I get sick from the greasy food when I eat there. I wish the burgers tasted fresher.  The service is mediocre as well.
4	Best onion rings i have ever had in my life hands down!!! They have lots of different burgers, something for everyone! Good service and great food!
3	Stopped in here yesterday for lunch. I wasn't especially hungry but the group I was with was. And since I've never tried a Red Robin I was up to give it a go.The place was very busy but we were seated immediately. We were seated near a window and right away I noticed dried food on the window sill. Not a good sign.I ordered the fish and chips which, even though I wasn't hungry, I enjoyed and finished all of them.I also had to try a tasted on my girlfriends burger. That was okay I've had better.Over all the food and service were decent. I'd eat here again.....but clean your window sills.
5	Since they cleaned house and have a new manager (who is fantastic by the way) my family goes here often. The prices are decent and the servers are great. I gave five stars because the last two times my family has been there, it has been awesome!!
1	Probably the worst waiter in the history of time. He sucked harder than a hungry Jew in Auschwitz. Standard Red Robin food. Mediocre atmosphere. Dog shit service... I'm sitting here at the table eagerly awaiting my check so I don't have to deal with people that suck so badly at their mediocre meaningless jobs... I wish I had 2 more hands to give more thumbs down..
1	Won't visit this location again. Worst customer service at a restaurant ever! There was hardly anyone in there yet it took a good 10 minutes before we were even greeted while waiting to be seated. Then they put us at a table surrounded by dirty tables. Never cleaned them up. Our waitress, Sonia, was dragging her feet the whole time! Never cleared the empty appetizer dishes from the table... I had to! Drink refills? Nope! Bottomless root-beer float? I got one refill that I had to stop the waitress and ask for. The fries were cold and stale. Like I mentioned, the worst service I've experienced!On a positive note, my whiskey burger was good.
2	I'm truly surprised I'm even giving these people two stars... Upon being seated our waitress came and asked for our drink order. She promptly brought back our kids' drinks and forgot our waters and drinks. It took ten minutes to get two waters and a beer. Five minutes after that she took our order. FOURTY-FIVE minutes later we got our food. We have already been here for an hour. Why on earth could it possibly take this long for 4 burgers and fries? None of our drinks were refilled. Ever. The manager brought us our food and my husband asked him to bring a new drink and refill our sons drink, I also asked him for the two sides of honey mustard we were missing. He proceeded to tell me we were asking for to much. Sorry sir, but if my waitress ever came by I'd ask her instead. Waited Almost ten minutes for honey mustard, which was brought by two members of the kitchen staff... Not sure what that was all about. My burger was sooooo greasy that within two minutes the bun was a soggy disaster. The burger was falling apart faster than I could eat it, and the bun had turned completely to mush. Fries and especially their honey mustard, great as always. So I guess the two stars are for the honey mustard if I'm being honest.We sat there as our two year olds who had finally had enough started getting antsy and knocking everything to the floor. It was probably 15 minutes before we were actually done eating before we saw our server again, in which she dropped off the check and walked off. Had to hunt her down to actually get her to run the card so we could leave. Awful awful customer service. And they either need to get more hardcore buns or cut WAY back on the grease so avoid the soggy disaster that is served to you. My advice red robin? Fire everyone at this location and start over. Your staff is destroying this restaurant.
5	The servers are very friendly and fast. The food is fresh and tasty. Having a kids menu helps. We love the fun atmosphere.
2	"Free and Sloppy"Finally came in for the first time ever. Took one look around and hated the place. Totally obnoxious layout. Bar in the middle surrounded by table seating. Long wall/counter thing on the right. No symmetry at all. I hate not having symmetry. Makes me feel more unbalanced than I already am. Found a stool beside a sloppy girl and her beau. She was worried about a job interview she had in an hour. Apparently she thought drinking beer beforehand was wise. Idiot. I pulled out my battered wallet. Yup. Still there. A twenty-five dollar gift card from a wonderful little friend. Bartender came over and asked if I wanted a menu. I said yes and asked for a glass of Blue Moon. Looked over the menu. Bunch of burgers and sandwichy things mostly. Something about all the fries you want too. Whatever. Went with an A.1. burger. Thing was alleged to have wood smoked bacon, some garden stuff and cheese. All on an onion roll with onion straws. Great.Sipped my beer and listened to Sloppy Girl moan about her interview. Bitch just didn't want to go. Thought about buying her a few shots of tequila. Ha. Food came. Burger looked skimpy. Like something the public school system serves. Could barely see the meat. Could barely taste the meat. Could barely wait to leave.Fries were okay. They refilled the basket with like three of them each time I asked for more. Thanks so much. Really you shouldn't have. I skipped a second beer and asked for the check. It was like fourteen bucks or something. My gift card was for twenty-five. I knew I wouldn't ever be coming back so I told the bartender he could keep the balance for a tip. He rolled his eyes and shook his head. Not even a thank you for like a 70% tip. But that's become pretty typical here in Vegas. A lot of ungrateful people. Guess he thought I should have left him my house and cars with a little 401k on top. I was happy to get out of that place. Even happier knowing I'd never have to return. Kind of like getting a divorce from an insignificant other. Anyway, I hope Sloppy skipped her interview. Although I guess it doesn't matter. She wasn't going to get the job anyway. Unless, of course, the interviewer had been drinking as well. Viva Las Vegas!
4	Red Robin....yummmmmWent there for lunch today.  I am in love with their diet peach iced tea!  So refreshing on such a hot day. I am a huge fan of their onion ring tower, but by the time my hubby and I split one of those, we never have room for the burger and fries. I asked our server if it was possible to sub the small order of rings for the fries with our burgers. BTW, you can do that for a $1.49 charge. Totally worth it. I ordered the whiskey river BBQ burger, medium, with the onion rings. Burger was cooked perfectly. Onion rings maybe could have been pulled about 15 seconds earlier. Not too big of a deal, just a smidge darker than usual, but certainly not burnt. Our server, Tony, was awesome. Checked on us regularly, brought extra napkins without us having to ask, and got us some of that wonderful tea to go.  He was also very friendly and had a great attitude. Definitely going back.
4	Low-carb options...they offer a lettuce wrap instead of a bun. Broccoli instead if fries. Also offer gluten free buns. If you're not into that, bottomless fries!
5	Excellent change of pace. Blue ribbon hamburger was excellent, sweet potato fries are great as well.
2	What a terrible lunch today. Usually go to galleria mall location but wait was to long so went to this location. Big mistake. Decided to sit in booth in the bar. There were five tables total occupied with 3 to 4 employees in the area. Took close to 15 minutes to be greeted and asked what we wanted to drink. Completely disorganized with none of them knowing what to do. Finally ordered burger came out charcoal burnt. Sent back second one was ok but not great. Will stick to galleria location . Second star for the server in training. He was nice but was In over his head with no help
2	It's a two star because the server tried real hard. Read the review by Bryan M. We went there together. A few things he didn't mention was how lazy the bartender is and the left over food left in the cracks of the table. Ewww... I would Skip this location.
2	This was the worst experience we've ever had at this Red Robbin. Our food didn't make It to the table for almost 50 minutes. Then the waitress, had a very unwelcoming attitude when we asked for more fries, as I we were bothering her. It'll be a long time before we come back to this place, and that's too bad, because I love it here.
1	Went here a couple Fridays and left confused and amused. The server Summer was attentive and friendly, but the runners, bussers and management seemed to be lost  and unable to connect on anything during this visit. Appetizers took 20+ minutes, meal came 20+ after, one of our burgers was wrong taking another 20+ minutes and forget about trying to get napkins. The server was not at fault. She made every attempt to give us great service. The MOD did comp the burger that was wrong, but by the time I received it I was full on lukewarm steak fries and bored with the circus show. Nice gesture, but didn't solve the issue.I am a fan of Red Robin and used to enjoy dining at this location, but this visit was such an epic fail that I couldn't even get mad...my girlfriend and I could only laugh and wonder what else could possibly go wrong...plenty did.
5	My husband and I recently went to eat at Red Robin.  We asked the host if we could have a booth, she said one moment so I can get the Busser to clean it off.  Well she ended cleaning it herself, we tried to tip her but she said that is was her pleasure and not to worry about it, and she will be upfront if we need absolutely anything else.  She was very personable while seating us.  The burgers were delicious, as usual.  On our way out, one of the managers was upfront calling the two hosts stupid, that's all I heard and that made me upset. The hostess name was Ashley, I will be coming back because of her and the awesome food.  The 5 stars goes to her.  I can tell she really cares about her job and her guests.   As for the manager, I'm not sure what his name is, but him calling the hosts stupid is unnecessary and unprofessional.  Actually I believe his name is Bryan, or Ryan.  Bryan or Ryan has ZERO stars, he should not be talking to his employees like that.   It is very disrespecting.  All in all the service was awesome,  our server Ben was great, we never had him as a server before but he did an awesome job.
1	I wanted to order a "gourmet" burger as their sign advertises. When I tried to order it medium-rare I was told medium-well or well only. Huh? Gourmet burgers and you won't even cook to temperature? If you don't trust how your meat is being handled I'm sure not going to.
4	I went in recently and had a good experience. They had just done a remodel to cater to adults more. My waiter was prompt, courteous and never let my soda pop run out. That's always a good sign!
5	Good was great - our server Anthony was the best server I have probably ever had - notice when the fries were low, brought drinks before I could even ask for a refill, notice when I was struggling with a half empty ketchup bottle, the guy was just on it all lunch - will defs be back
4	Red Robin with besty and BF after drinking!! Had amazing service from James! Go bottomless fries. Yummy
1	My family and I came in on Saturday for lunch. WORST dining experience ever!! Had to wait at least 20 minutes for a table....for lunch?!! Finally got seated in a corner booth in the back. DISGUSTING!!! I ask to be moved because there was food cover the crack of the booth where you sit. SO GROSS!! After switching table our server took our drink order and appetizer order. Took him at least 15 minutes to bring 2 waters, 2 diets and 2 kids drinks. Serious?!! Our appetizers came out as he was putting our drinks on the table. Then he ordered one of the wrong appetizers. We finally ordered our lunch. almost 45  minutes later we still didn't have our food. We actually walked out because it was taking too long. The manager came over but he was questioning us about how long we were really waiting for. Really....horrible customer service!! I've never walked out of restaurant before. The service was terrible, the management did not seem professional and the restaurant was a disgusting mess. We were surrounded by dirty tables. We lost our appetite. I will NEVER return to Red Robin!!!
4	The A1 peppercorn burger or the Burn' Love burger?  Both are incredible.Pro Tip: Get the bottomless Root Beer Float!This particular Red Robin can be very hit or miss.  I feel like I've had both great service and terrible service, but the number of great experiences is enough to keep me coming back.This particular restaurant is also famous amongst my family because one night I ordered the ghost pepper burger under the advice of the waiter because I told him I like spicy foods.  Problem was that I didn't know that ghost peppers are crazy hot.  I can not believe how hot this burger was, I could only eat 2/3 of it and tapped out.  It was past spicy and into the category of pain.  But what ever doesn't kill you... right?
1	We ordered the Bottomless Root Beer Float and a burger with so-called endless fries - GUESS AGAIN. After one root beer float, they suddenly had no more of the featured mugs they advertise that they come in and shifted to a small glass at least 1/2 the size. The restaurant was half full at 8 PM on a weekday, and they claimed they ran out of glassware, hmmmmm. The endless fries got one refill for two of us, and then the wait staff just disappeared. When we finally cornered our waitress and asked for another refill, she said she would take care of it, and after a long 15 minutes we got our last refills.If they advertise something, they should serve it. As a former pro football player, I do have an appetite, but to have deceptive service of avoiding refills we will NEVER go to Red Robin again.In hindsight, we could have gone to In-N-Out Burger for half the price and had a more delicious and satisfying dining experience.
5	OMG.. how I love Red Robin.. their Royal Burger is to die for.. I crave it all the time.. so YUMMMM...
3	I have to come here once every several months because I have an out of town guest that comes in and this is his favorite place to go. I think their food is good. My burgers have always been good always prepared to order, & I love their bottomless fries.  But nothing is really spectacular. However, I think they are way overpriced. Service is usually  slow, and the food usually takes a very long time to arrive. If it wasn't for my friend coming into town. I would never go back.  I much prefer five guys. Even though this restaurant is a tiny bit more upscale than five guys.
5	Great place for people with Celiac. I had a gluten free chili cheese burger and fries it was great. Steve B the bartender was AWESOME  very attentive and friendly.
1	It's so dirty here at this location, they said they just had a "big" party but no one looks concerned about the tables being messy. The host really tried to sit my party of 3 right next to family of 10 where there was barely even space to move our seats. I asked for a new seating location she stated that "we still have to clean it" okay ? Well why didn't you guys clean it before you sat us? Presentation here is horrible, very upset so far.
4	Ambience: There were six of us for dinner including two grandchildren ages 4 & 7. Showing up with 6 people for dinner at other restaurants has presented a major problem, not so at this Red Robin. Despite the fact that the restaurant was crowded with people waiting, after just 5 minutes they seated us at a round table that was an appropriate size for 6 people. We were far enough away from other tables that we didn't feel like we were bothering people at the next table with our children and the other tables were far enough away from us that their kids didn't bother us. The restaurant provided balloons and crayons and paper to draw on for the little ones. This is a major asset.Food: you don't come to Red Robin for gourmet food. You come for good food at fair prices. The children's menu is fairly extensive. And it is reasonably priced. We had one mac and cheese and 1 grilled cheese sandwich. I sampled each and both were really good. It came with sides that included a choice of a couple of fruits or vegetables or the omnipresent french fries. I had the Southwest grilled chicken salad. The salad was fresh, the chicken was tasty, and they had fried jalapeno that were surprisingly delicious. The portions were large so no one left hungry.Service: our waiter came to our table fairly rapidly after we sat down. He took our drink orders immediately. He came back for a food order in a timely fashion. He got everything right. Service with a smile. I especially liked that the restaurant manager was present throughout the meal and stopped by our table at least 2 times to make sure that everything was going well.Overall, an excellent place to come with kids where both the kids and the adults can enjoy the meal.
3	Great start, horrible finish.Our family went to celebrate my wife's BDay. My black and blue burger was excellent, as always. My wife was offered a birthday sundae, she said yes as the kids would live the experience, and the sundae. We waited 25 minutes and no sundae; it's hard to complain about something that's free, but they offered.
1	Service was poor today. Asked the server for crayons for my daughter, which never arrived. Server seemed disconnected and food took longer than usual to arrive at table. Had no silverware when my salad arrived. Requested vinegar twice. Manager did come to check on this one through the meal because I think he knew we were frustrated, but by then we were over everything. Please get it together.
