5	Reliable and excellent work!! Always getting great feedback from EVERYONE The Art of Detail Auto Spa visits and treats. Call today and set up an appointment!! 4444
5	Detail while you work or at home. I have nothing but great things to say about The Art of Detail Auto Spa. The owner Art is a professional and more importantly honest. I recently purchased an indigo blue hyundai and called the Art of Detail to ask them what I could do to protect and take care of my car.  (I am a total neat freak and want my car looking clean and i want that look to last as long as possible) The owner Art was very honest and told me to wait a couple of months. Something to do about the finish of new cars.Let me be clear this is MUCH MORE then a car wash. They literally put your car through a myriad of treatments. Waxing buffing etc. Art will speak with you about the best options for vehicle and how to properly maintain it so it looks fresh for the lifetime of your vehicle.Crappy car washed last a couple of days. But bringing your car to The art of detail every 2-3 months will not only make your car look spectacular but protect it for its lifetime.The way I look at it my car is the 2nd or 3rd most expensive investment why not protect it with a 5 star service. :)Thanks Art! C u in a couple of months!
5	The Art of detail has cleaned all 4 of our cars on several occasions!  I liked the service so much I had to tell my neighbors.  He is a honest, detailed, ontime... and one heck of a human being and detailer! He trains his support team to match the same level of integrity. Whether you need your boat, R.V., truck, car, motorcycle, or even your grandmothers wheel chair! The Art Of Detail is a step above the rest.  I recommend them whole heartedly. Stay in clean cars my friends, it's great for the soul!
5	Art of Detail has washed my Cars and trucks for the past year and has done an incredible job with great service and prices. Highly reccomend!
5	The Art of Detail Auto Spa is incredible!!! Everyone on staff is knowledgeable and incredibly detailed in everything that they do. Art and his crew are out of the ordinary because they like to have fun. When these guys show up they handle their business and have fun the whole time. I highly recommend this business to anyone and everyone I know!
