4	What is SWIHA? Southwest Institute of Healing ArtsMassage School, Life Coaching School, Intuitive Studies, etc..This place gets four stars because of my personal opinion, i love the intuitive nature and the peaceful environment. The welcoming peace that encapsulates your soul once you walk in the front door is amazing. What I am concerned about is a certain Licensed Massage Therapist, Odette who conducted herself in a less than professional manner outside of the walls. Unfortunately she is associated with SWIHA as I met her there, therefore she is part of this review. Inside the walls of SWIHA she was helpful and very talented at what she does. Outside the walls she made choices regarding an appointment we had scheduled and I was put aside despite my already having made the commitment to the appointment. Needless to say, I will never be receiving her services, inside or outside of SWIHA. One of the best Licensed Practioners at SWIHA Massage School is Ann. She is very skilled and does everything from deep tissue work, Reiki, Swedish Massage to a gentle Lymphatic Massage. Worth the money and definitely worth the time!!
5	SWIHA is not only a school but a massage/bodywork clinic and yoga studio. You can take a class, get massaged, and drop into a yoga class all in the same day. Sounds like my type of school!! They offer a variety of classes and programs like Massage Therapy, Holistic Nutrition, Yoga Teacher Training, Life Coaching, Hypnotherapy, Western Herbalism, Reflexology, Reiki, Polarity....the list goes on. You can get a comprehensive education and go for a degree in Holistic Health care or Mind-Body Transformational Psychology or you can just register for one class, whatever suits your needs. It's an amazing place to learn about any alternative therapy. Right when you walk in the doors there's a very warm and welcoming atmosphere. After going through many of the various programs at the school, I highly recommend it for those looking to broaden their horizons in alternative therapies, or are themselves on the road to self-discovery and better health. They offer financial aid and are an award-winning private institution. The yoga studio is fantastic and just so happens to be one of the cheapest studios in the valley. It's $10 for a drop-in class, but they offer monthly, 3 month, and 6 month passes which come out to way less than $10 a class. Also, all classes and passes are 10% off for students with ID and anyone over 50. The teachers are amazing. I highly recommend Cathie and Ann's classes on Tuesdays and Wednesdays!
3	Do you like loyalty-card programs?  Do you like massages?  If you like both, then I have some great news for you!!Ever since I started getting weekly massages at SWIHA in June '08, I've taken advantage of their "buy four, get one free" program.  An hour of massage by an LMT (licensed massage therapist) costs $45.  With the loyalty program, an hour costs only $36!  (If you elect for a student therapist, the costs are even lower, but health insurance, at least mine, won't cover them.)  I really like the fact that the time allotments are at 30-minute increments- I started out with one-hour sessions (first two visits), but then I tried a 90-minute session and was hooked!  (So far, I've only found one therapist here who's willing to give two-hour sessions.)  But I digress!As of Jan. 15th, $160 will buy you 5 hours of massage w/ an LMT, or $32 per hour!  Hmm... I just checked their website and just found out that this price will increase to $200 ($20 markup, from the original $180), presumably on April 2nd.
5	I love this place. I am one of these people who love spa services and love a good deal. Here is what I recommend. Get on the email list for SWIHA, and you will get emailed all sorts of deals. They also have fun and intersting events if you are into the whole mind, body, spirit thing.They offer free hypnosis, toe reading, and life coaching sessions on their first Friday events. Those are held in the evening and start with some sort of presentation  that is of a personal developement/spiritual nature, and then you break off and get to try one of their treatments. If KC Miller is speaking, you are in for a treat. She is the owner of the school, and a dynamic speaker.Aside from the First Friday (they call it Gifts and Graces) they provide a free  hypnosis session, as their students need to practice,  so call on that one. It all depends on the student how well this goes. I've done it a few times, and some of them are great, and some are still learning. This is true everywhere, but the difference here is that it's free. You can always tip, and I do that. I have been hypnotized for getting organized and starting exercise programs, etc. I admit that I am still working on these things, so the hypnosis wasn't a magic bullet in my case! LOLThey also have massage there. You have the choice of a student or graduate. The prices vary depending on whether you get a student or not. I always request the student to save money. My very favorite thing, however, is their facials. I always buy a package when they have their coupons out, and it makes it so that the facials are less than $20 each!!!!  Call and ask them when their next coupon comes out. It's a great way to go and get your face really cleaned nicely and relax.
5	Did you say inexpensive massage? I'm so there.  I've been coming here for years when the tension works its way though my neck and back.  First, I love the exclamation of "HOLY CRAP!" I hear as they first feel the knots that rival a sailors best work.  Even more so, I have often felt that the students, who are about to graduate, pay more attention to how you feel and what is working than someone who's maybe a little jaded.I've tried their massage and spa services, and never walked away unhappy.  The clean, peaceful and professional environment strips away my worries as soon as I walk in.  The location, for East Valley people is great, and booking an appointment is  easy.  In fact, I think I'm going to go book one now.All of their services are on their web site, so its easy to decide what you want by reading the menu.  If you aren't sure what you need or what would be best, they will discuss what you need with you.
5	The massage clinic is phenomenal, frankly I find the services her more personalized and carefully executed than most services I have had at resort-spas.  Over the past 4 years I have been to SWIHA more than 50 times. Once  I did  have a bad experience with a nervous student - and the clinic was amazingly apologetic over the experience. SWIHA is a wonderful value and a great resource in our community for all of the people seeking pain relief and relaxation. Highly recommend, particularly for people looking for massage services at low price
4	I've been attending yoga classes here for a couple of months and have enjoyed it so much that I'm signing up for their yoga instructor certification program. SWIHA is both tranquil and positively energizing, warm and familial yet open to strangers. I had only really experienced yoga studios where fitness was the primary concern, but the feel here is more spiritual and health-oriented rather than just fitness. AND the price is right - some of the cheapest yoga and massage prices in the valley.Coming here makes me want to quit my day job and be someone's life coach and make sacred music mixes.... not really, but it's definitely cool being in an education scene where people are learning about herbology and holistic healing. Hippie-esque? Defintely, but in a way that provides a good oasis from the bronzy, plastic kind seen elsewhere in surrounding areas. Lovely, lovely place.
4	I've been coming here for a couple of years now when my tight shoulders started demanding weekly massages and though Odette is my favorite, I can't say I've had a bad massage here. I've had massages at the Aji Spa, the Camelback and the Mondrian and though those places are much prettier, the quality of the massage is no better and once your eyes are closed, what's the difference?
1	The massage clinic is wonderful. The instructors, for the most part, seem to be very educated and competent. However, and this is a very BIG however, I would not suggest that anyone actually attend the school to obtain a degree or certification. The business/student services office is horrible. The majority of the employees are disorganized, rude, and not at all qualified to be serving the public. It has been brought to my attention by more than one person that The Southwestern Institute of Healing Arts needs to revamp their office staff. A few weeks ago I inquired about the holistic program and after several phone calls and emails to the school was finally directed to a woman named Aubrey who was a complete nightmare in every way beginning with her limited understanding of the holistic program, not to mention she was very uninformed about the online classes.  We finally met in person where it became obvious that she was sloppy and not at all helpful. During our appointment, Aubrey would not allow me to finish asking questions, rambled on about her stint as a hotel worker in New York and then had the audacity to answer her phone during our meeting and talk for a few minutes while ignoring me. I am completely turned off by their Student Services Dept. I sent a letter to the director, K. C. Miller, but never got a response. It's a shame, because otherwise I think it's a great place after having experienced their top notch massage clinic and yoga classes. I would not go here for classes, though. Unprofessional and rude experience.
1	The massage clinic is wonderful. The instructors, for the most part, seem to be very educated and competent. However, and this is a very BIG however, I would not suggest that anyone actually attend the school to obtain a degree or certification. The business/student services office is horrible. The majority of the employees are disorganized, rude, and not at all qualified to be serving the public. It has been brought to my attention by more than one person that The Southwestern Institute of Healing Arts needs to revamp their office staff. A few weeks ago I inquired about the holistic program and after several phone calls and emails to the school was finally directed to a woman named Aubrey who was a complete nightmare in every way beginning with her limited understanding of the holistic program, not to mention she was very uninformed about the online classes.  We finally met in person where it became obvious that she was sloppy and not at all helpful. During our appointment, Aubrey would not allow me to finish asking questions, rambled on about her stint as a hotel worker in New York and then had the audacity to answer her phone during our meeting and talk for a few minutes while ignoring me. I am completely turned off by their Student Services Dept. I sent a letter to the director, K. C. Miller, but never got a response. It's a shame, because otherwise I think it's a great place after having experienced their top notch massage clinic and yoga classes. I would not go here for classes, though. Unprofessional and rude experience.
5	I wouldn't call myself a yogi, but i am an appreciator of a good yoga class that is a decent workout but also one where a good calorie burn is not its sole purpose. I had tried out many yoga classes around the valley for a while. From wannabe-yoga at gyms where you end up just doing crunches and everything is rushed with no focus on alignment, to free drop ins at reeeeeeeeally expensive yoga centers where everyone there probably naps in a backbend, feeds themselves with there toes, or just drapes their leg over and around their head as a nice morning stretch. The last and best spot I found was SWIHA. I'm a big fan because: a) Price. For a damn good class, you definitely get your money's worth especially compared to valley yoga centers. I think its $5 for your first class and $12 for each drop in. Of course, multi-class passes drop the price as you buy more classes.b) its awesome. The classes I've been to range from Hatha, Flow, Vinyasa, Anusara, Level 1-2, Yin, etc. All of the instructors are very welcoming, knowledgeable, and willing to assist students in wherever they may want to travel within the class. The instructors realize that many students may be participating for a good workout, but they also remind participants to keep a focus and benefit from the many delicious things yoga has to offer. so, for beginners, novices, amateurs, hard-core yogis, or just clumsy but ambitious kids like me, I highly recommend SWIHA for your every yoga need:)namaste:)
5	As a graduate of Southwest Institute of Healing Arts, the possibilities for pursing a career in the healing arts has been boundless.The Teachers are amazing - truly. The curriculm is designed so that you actually learn the material rather then memorize and dump the info.In addition, their experiential approach and awareness of  diversity in learning styles was clearly appreciated by  most.The staff are incredibly helpful and supportive and especially patient - with so many elective courses to choose from, it's nice to know you have an Advisor there to ensure your sucess. I especially love that the School is "Spirit Directed" and is commited to their mission and the success of graduates. .In 2004 I graduated with a degree in Mind/Body Transformational Psychology, a degree in Holistic Healthcare, and I took several hundered additional hours of training (I am not exaggerating) for personal and professional development simply becuase the school offers so much more than an education - it's a community.
5	I've been to quite a few colleges, seriously. It took me 2 state universities, two community colleges and one private college to earn my Bachelors and Master's degrees. The good news is I still managed to finish in 6 years. Then I decided to attend SWIHA.Technically I suppose you could call SWIHA a private/vocational school. However, anyone who has ever taken a class here will tell you it's much more. This place is incredible for many reasons. When you walk into the doors of this place, the feel here is so calm and welcoming. If you're coming for a message or going to SWINA (separate building) for spa services you won't be sorry. For message, pay the cheaper price and go with a student. I have yet to be disappointed. There are so many modalities here, some you probably haven't even heard of. In addition to message they also offer clinics in hypnotherapy, reiki, polarity and other holistic healing methods. So call the student clinic and ask. Some things are free the first time you come in (not massage though). Oh and as an added bonus if you are a student here, you get your massage by a student practitioner at half price. Comes out to $15 bucks or so.Ok now let's say you want to go to school here. You meet with an admissions counselor and then an advisor. These are some of the nicest people I've ever met in a college. They really do care about what you want and are here to help you acheive your goals. The whole school is geared towards this. They even have awesome job placement people for when you graduate.The programs here are numerous and in many ways all intertwined. You will be in classes with people from all different backgrounds and lifestyles. Everyone will be approaching health from a holistic perspective, each with their own special talents. The teachers here are incredible. Honestly, I've had some great professors in all of my education but there is something different about the teachers here. They also seem to have a lot of input in creating the actual classes which makes each class very dynamic and unique. Some of them create events and groups as well. Students are also able to do the actual work while still going to school to learn more and more.Imagine going to a school where people remember your name. Picture going to a place where you can actually grow, heal, learn and are encouraged to think outside the box. If you want a place where you will be guided through an incredible process that often leads to great success then come check out SWIHA. You won't be disappointed.Oh and the other day some one asked me if this was a school mostly for women. While they seem to be the majority, there are still quite a few of us guys there...and male teachers too.
4	Inconsistent but where else can you get an hour Swedish massage for $35? If you've been to a teaching school before than you will know what to expect but the place isn't high on ambiance but then again, that isn't what you are paying for. The receptionist usually knows which students are most highly rated and I haven't been disappointed with her recommendation. They also offer a buy 4 get 5 promo..making it even cheaper.
5	Fantastic school!  I signed up for a year and stayed two and just keep going  back. This school has wonderful teachers, fabulous classes and a great place to meet amazing new people. They also have a wonderful clinic to get massages for a reasonable price.  My favorite classes were Polarity and Cranial Unwinding.  I would recommend this school very highly.
5	SWIHA really does have it all. Insane, inexpensive massages, great yoga classes, meditation classes, and curriculum that is life-changing and basically non-existent anywhere else. I have received massages twice here and not only are they super cheap but they give a student discount! The yoga classes are inexpensive as well and I have never found one I didn't enjoy. So far I have taken 3 nutrition classes that have completely changed my life and am signed up to continue the rest of the holistic nutrition program. My husband and I are also signed up for the whole foods cooking classes that we both are dying to start in September as well as a meditation and mindfulness class that we can not stop talking about. Everybody is extremely welcoming and very helpful. It is such a breeze to make a payment, sign up/change your classes, and everyone always has a smile on their face! All classes can be taken individually (as opposed to being enrolled in a program or requiring prerequisites) and most are only 1 day/night a week for about 5 weeks so it's not a huge commitment. Many classes are offered online as well. SWIHA is an incredible place to meet tons of really awesome people and learn so much more than you expected regarding health, wellness, nutrition, spirituality, herbalism, etc! They also give out guest passes so you can sit in on any class before signing up which is so helpful. I have not tried Southwest Institute of Natural Aesthetics yet but plan on it VERY soon!
4	I went to the wellness fair yesterday and had an interesting experience. Some of the vendors were a little pushy, some had a hard time explaining how, or why something worked and some were awesome. I had a lot of fun at this event. It was open to the public and seemed to have a very good turnout. There was a little bit of everything....toe readings, massages, facials, waxing, herbalist, life coaches, chiropractors, artists, natural cosmetics, energy readings, teeth whitening....and the list goes on. It was a good way to check out the facility and see what they and the community had to offer. Additionally they held a silent auction. I didn't stay around till the end but things were going for reasonable prices. Over all I really like the facility, the vendors and the atmosphere. I will definitely go again next year, but I will plan to stay a little longer.
5	SWIHA and there sister school SWINA are by far the best school I have ever attended. They have everything that could be found in the area of healing arts and natural aesthetics. The school is open minded and taking on new idea's in health and well being of the human condition and is constantly evolving. There is a term at these school that is used for lots of there students that seem to not be able to leave and continue to enroll in classes "lifers" and I would encourage you to become one of these "lifers" as this school gets so addicting to attend.
5	The Southwest Institute of Healing Arts helped me find my true self! That comment may sound a bit corny, but it is so true. For years, I have been walking around wounded by life. A physical pain thrust me in a new direction. The physical pain made me slow down my life to see what was working for me and not.  I knew that I had a deep need to serve others. As a manager for many years, I thought leading a team of individuals to be good at their job and love coming to work was meeting that need inside me. The physical pain forced me to take another look.  In an effort to find relief from my physical pain, I enrolled in a weekend course at SWIHA to learn to read toes. I thought that if I could understand myself better, maybe I could heal my pain. The toe reading class was life changing. I grew up thinking my feet were ugly and embarrassing, but KC Miller helped me see that I had gifts. My toes told the story of my life and gave me clues where to search for more healing. Next, I enrolled in the Life Coaching program. WOW ! Fabulous program. If you want to learn more about yourself and heal emotional wounds, enroll in that program. I was so impressed and still in pain that I enrolled in the Hypnotherapy program. Another great decision on my part. The instructors are experts in what they teach. The energy of the school is one of love and acceptance. After a while, I wanted to hang out at the school to enjoy the vibes! I met other people who were in search of their truth while on a healing path.  The reason I am sharing so much of my personal story is to paint a picture of what the school has to offer. If you enroll and take classes at SWIHA, you will never be disappointed. One thing, to not be disappointed, you must have an open mind and heart and be willing to acknowledge the darker sides of yourself as well as the light.  Best wishes and lots of love and light to you all!
4	I had been here once a few years ago to attend a workshop when I was contemplating a degree as a ND (Naturopathic Doctor).  But still unwilling to leave my cushy government job I headed back up into the mountains of AZ.   Fast forward 5ish years and I am living in Phoenix, yet again looking to follow what I feel to be a calling.  A calling to continue my education, to help myself so I can help others.  I have started to attend some of their seminars and attending some of their student clinics.  Still reluctant to leave my cushy government job just yet, I just go and enjoy my time and the the knowledge acquired in each little course.  The staff, students and teachers have been professional and welcoming.  They offer a loyalty card for their student clinics and occasionally offer free group sessions.  For now I am just trying to be aware of the "signs", let life happen, and let each day be.
4	At first I felt a little intimated attending a class, but the instructors make the class feel welcomed!  SWIHA offers so much more than yoga and I plan on taking advantage.  I have learned so much in the past couple months attending yoga classes and I'm considering branching out and taking a nutrition class or signing up for the next seminar.  The building can be overwhelming but you can find your true self as you walk the halls and look at all the student art.
3	Well, I learned something new a month ago-- SWIHA regulars get a free massage on their birthdays!  Then again, maybe I was told of the deal before, but never got a chance to take advantage of it, because I've had to be at work...  Anyhow, I was made aware of it in advance and was able to secure the day off, so you know where I'll be for 90 minutes in a couple of days :)))  Apparently, one may also get 50% off all treatments during your entire birthday week!  Hmm... should I give sister SWINA another chance and try out another treatment there?  Thinking about it...Back to SWIHA- I've a few LMTs (both male and female) I can count on for great massage, body work, and even reflexology sessions here.  If you need their names, just send me a PM, and I'll gladly give you a few names!Correction: The free massage is with a student, which would've been the reason I never took advantage of it in the past [insurance (now obsolete) and FSA only reimburse claims performed by LMTs].  Since there was a misunderstanding, they offered to oblige me with a massage from an LMT and an employee discount!  Sweet!
4	Great value. You can't beat 5 session of yoga for $35 anywhere. The new location for the yoga is gorgeous inside and out. There is ample parking and everyone who works there is kind. It is not pretentious at all.  I do wish they offered more classes, with a variety of times and styles.
5	SWIHA is an awesome school.  I truly did find my dream there.  In the process I also learned a lot about myself.One of the best things they've done is include business classes in the curriculum.  My last class, Entrepreneurial Support really created a lot of momentum for me to set the foundation for my business.  I will be moving into my own office in a few days thanks to the business classes that help me move in the right direction.
5	The Southwest Institute of Healing Arts has been one of the highest points of my spiritual Journey! I didn't only get amazing training in Life Coaching, Clinical Hypnotherapy, and Reiki by highly skilled instructors. I gained many good friends and feel like I am part of wonderful healing holistic family. I can not say enough good things about SWIHA!
5	I received my training as a Certified Hypnotherapist from Southwest Institute of Healing Arts ten years ago but I continue to meet and know many of the instructors and students of the school all the time. The instructors that I had were top of their field here in AZ and I had one instructor who truly changed my life she was such an inspiration. It is amazing how many really talented healers in the Valley continue taking classes from SWIHA. There are always great classes there to keep you growing and improving your modality.
5	Prenatal massages for less than $40 for an hour?!  SIGN ME UP!  As a birthday gift (February), J got me a gift certificate for a prenatal massage at SWIHA.  I did not cash it in until April, because I wanted to be a little further along in my pregnancy...when I knew I would need the massage the most.  After my first visit, I was hooked!  I started booking regular Friday afternoon appointments every 2 weeks.  And at $33 for an hour...for a student..who's received the necessary prenatal massage training....it was not breaking the bank!Thanks SWIHA for making the last month of my pregnancy tolerable!  :)
2	First off - I love the programs this school offers. The teachers are absolutely fantastic. The office staff? Not so much. If you like advisors switching once a week, not telling you the full truth and waiting until the last minute to tell you that you have to take more classes (thus pushing back your graduation date), then this is the school for you. I have never experienced such disorganization, inadequacy, flakiness, unreliability, and irritation in my entire life. I'm glad I took the programs I liked the most, because I refuse to go there for anything else again.
5	This is an excellent school. I have taken a few classes there and they are very on time and spot on in their teaching and instuction. There are many levels to approch anyone needing to know things they might be interested in to professional health care people who are great at what they do and want to improve their skills.
5	I have loved every moment I have spent at this school as a student and I encourage others to enroll as well.I am a licensed skincare therapist who practices in an integrative health clinic.  I am a proud graduate of SWIHA because their classes are taught with the Mind Body Wellness that allopathic medicine lacks.I am very proud to say I recently achieved my certification as a life coach and clinic hypnotherapist at SWIHA.
4	Swiha is a sometimes disorganized but mostly incredible resource for anyone seeking self-help, massage and other holistic healing modalities. I go for the free hypnotherapy clinics and the affordable student massages. What the clinics sometimes lack in professionalism (starting late, confusion, etc) they make up for with the well-trained and very warm therapists. The entire place has a healing vibe that calms me as soon as I walk in the doors. The massages are always great, and the hypnotherapy is mostly great. I found the individual hypnotherapy sessions to be much better than the group sessions. *Side note: The bookstore will not give you a refund sans receipt without manager approval. I found this to be a little annoying when I purchased a lamp that was clearly broken and the manager was never there to approve the refund at the same time as me (in the evenings). After 2 weeks and leaving a note for the manager, I eventually did get a refund for the lamp.
1	Don't do your yoga training here, Here is why:1. Class sizes is uncontrollable. They fit in as many people as they can so you won't be getting the individualize attention.2. Teachers have their favorites, needless to say that I was not one.3. Very disorganized!4. They force you to buy their books from their book stores. I downloaded some of the books on my kindle and they made me re-buy them in paper form from their bookstore. In other words they don't care about trees being cut down. :(
5	I discovered SWIHA in 2010 and had an INCREDIBLE massage with Lance. Now that I'm back in town with work, I made it a point to return to this awesome facility. I had a great massage with Peter--but quite possibly the best massage I've ever received from Ari.Thank you to the owners, staff, teachers and therapists for making these transformative treatments possible.I look forward to returning to SWIHA. Hopefully it doesn't take another 3 years!
5	This school has changed my life and I will continue to take classes here for the rest of my life! Wonderful, caring teachers, intriguing classes and new friends/peers that will last a lifetime.Get a student massage - they are amazing (and they need your honest and caring input to be the best therapist they can be!)Schedule a facial at SWINA - fantasticTake a yoga class at SOY - insightful (and honestly life changing, but I won't go into that)Everything (at the core) these students are trained to do is to help you feel good and learn how to take a look at life in a different and sometimes life-changing point of view. We could all use more of that in the world!Just stop by and meander through the bookstore, talk to a couple of people - you'll feel it right away - they're onto something and you'll want to be a part of it! :)
1	DO NOT ATTEND THIS SCHOOL UNLESS YOU ARE A TRUST FUND BABY!!!!!!!!!!I would NOT recommend taking clasees to start your own business at this school. The office staff  is NOT transparent  at all about what ACTUALLY happens to the majority of the students here: unemployed, unable to run a business off what people are actually willing to pay for hypnotherapy and "nutritional counseling" this school does not license people to do anything special at all and I am COMPLETELY sick at the thought of what they are brainwashing students with that does NOT actually prepare them for the REAL WORLD in this economy. I am working in a retail store after obtaining my "degree" and struggling to pay my student loans off. The "degree" is WORTHLESS. The education may be adequate but I know at least 3 dozen SWIHA students working at banks and businesses totally unrelated to health care. I couldnt even get hired in a doctor's office as a receptionist with this crapole degree. Do not go here unlesss you have rich parents or a rich husband that has thousands of dollars to give you for about five years to start a wellness business in a major recession.
3	Great place to get an affordable massage. Here, I like to go with the professional massage therapists (Nearby Cortiva works out to be much more affordable for student massage), and the price point for them is affordable enough where they are still a major value even compared to Massage Envy and similar establishments. The therapy rooms are a little stark. However, they tend to still have spontaneous appointments when Cortiva doesn't, in my experience. Tip: Stop by the store on your way in and out. They have a good selection of books, yoga music and incense.
2	I almost didn't write this review but I feel that I have no other choice.I really wanted to like this school. I am one of those that LOVE education, sitting in classroom, learning and growing. I went through the websites hundreds of times dreaming of completing multiple programs. I already have a career that I love so the classes for me was more of personal growth and professional development and not necessarily looking to start from scratch in a new career. I work with Veterans suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in a clinical and case management setting. When I saw the workshop on how to teach yoga for veterans and others with PTSD I felt it was a good fit. I was always interested in teaching yoga to my current clientele and felt that this course would be the perfect fit for me.  I was extremely disappointed. I completed the course feeling upset, hurt and angry. What was being taught in class went blatantly against 'best practices' that had been outlined by the nation's leading trauma experts (Dr. Bessel van der kolk, Judith Herman, Peter Levine) and in certain cases what was taught could cause a lot of harm to a population that is already hurting. Being a class about trauma the instructor didn't even touch on the most common reason for trauma for Veterans or even for the general population. When I brought it up he was like "what is that?" During break out group sessions my classmates were asking me loads of questions often saying that I sound more like i "knew what I was talking about" than the instructor.  Sad.I ended up completing an EXCELLENT program in Massachusetts. I showed several of my classmates the course material from SWIHA and they were in disbelief of what was being taught as compared to what we were learning at the school in Massachusetts. It was just one class and I can't base an entire school off one teacher so I started looking into the Aromatherapy certification. This is a certification that I want for no other reason other than personal growth. What can I say? I LOVE learning. I was about to sign up for it when instead I decided to check out its credentials. Aromatherapy is a self regulated field represented by two organizations in the United States, the National Association for Holistic Aromatherapy (NAHA) and the Alliance of International Aromatherapists (AIA). Neither of those organizations listed SWIHA as an approved school. Well there goes that plan to take aromatherapy classes at SWIHA. Thank goodness I didn't pay for it yet!I spoken to many students at the school and the information given to them by the school of what the program is truly about is not exactly the case. I have spoken to a handful that were told that the 800-hours Teaching Training Program is to directly lead you to becoming a yoga therapist. SWIHA website even states "800 Hour Yoga Teacher Training / Yoga Therapist"  Sadly, that is NOT the case. SWIHA is not approved by the International Associations of Yoga Therapy (IAYT).I have been warned by many in the community about this school---several of my yoga teachers in the community told me not to attend because of its reputation. I should have believed them from the start.I removed SWIHA's website from my favorites. I won't take their catalog next time I am shopping at Whole Foods. I give up on them. Save your time and money. Don't go here.
