4	Well well, an Izakaya on this side of town? Sign me up! Over the past few weeks I waited patiently for Yatai to open up so I could see if it was going to be a hit. My friend and I came in around 10 p.m. after work and it was empty, thats to be expected at this late of an hour. The staff were extra friendly and greeted us as soon as we came in, the tv playing a mixture of K-pop And SNSD singing in Japanese. We ordered a few yakitori parts such as hearts and livers, cow tongues. The menu was huge! So it might just take a little while to go through it all. The cucumber salad was nice and the Shioyaki salmon came out moist and delicious . All in all the food was good and the prices are very fare.
5	First, the staff were very friendly. I got there 40 min before closing, they never rush us. Their skewers are amazing. I ordered beef tongues, bacon scallop wrap, pork, and sausages,  they are extremely soft not chewy or dry at all. All skwers are only $1~3. I also tried yellowtail carpaccio, and gyoza they are very delicious!  Oh and must try their yellowtail collar! Other reason i like this place about, their sake and beer are pretty cheap, they are also on a beer promotion. Love this place I will definitely go back.
3	The food was good but the tonkatsu/katsudon was over priced. It was only 1 piece and it didn't have rice. Just the servings are too small. Everything else was good though.
5	Japanese small plates well prepared and fresh.  I liked that I could order just shrimp tempura (without veggies), gyoza, etc. We are sharing and it is fabulous.
5	What is not to like about Yatai?  The location is a bit unusual simply because the east side is not really known for this type of food.  However, I can see that this location may appeal to the east side or even the Henderson residents.  This is definitely a positive for me!Tucked in the back of the shopping mall, you can easily miss it if you don't slow down.  Upon arrival on a Saturday around 7:30 p.m., we were the only one there.  Not a problem to us - this means better service! After being seated right away, our drink order was taken.  As a November special, $1 for a small hot sake or $2.50 for a large hot sake. What a deal!!!  The large hot sake was delicious.  We also ordered a pint size of the Sapporo on draft and some hot green tea.  (The green tea was from a tea bag and didn't taste like green tea at all.  Order the matcha if that may be an issue for you.)Our server explained the menu and the ordering sheet and left us to decide while she gets the drinks.  We had the chicken hearts, chicken gizzards, chicken thigh meat, beef tongue, calamari rings, grilled squid, mixed vegetable tempura, and wasabi tako.  I think that was it.  There was absolutely nothing to complain about any of the food we ordered.  The grilled items were delicious; it was not too "char-y" or burnt like some places do it.  All the deep fried items were perfect; the oil was very obviously fresh.  The batter on the fried foods was perfect; not too chunky not too light.  And the wasabi tako was fresh as it should be.  Lastly, the grilled squid was very tasty because you can really tell the squid flavor (in a good way) and not burnt.  Some places grilled the squid so much at such a high temperature that it becomes burnt and dry - not here at Yatai!And again, the service was fantastic.  Albeit we were the only table there, the server and chefs seem very eager to perform their jobs.  The chef actually came out and asked how everything was; I thought that was a nice touch. We bought the $10 for $20 deal, so our bill came out to $53 plus the $10, so $63 before gratuity.  We had 3 hot sake and a couple beer and we reordered a couple of the grilled items, too.  So this is a very good price for this kind of service and quality of food. We are definitely coming back and recommend this restaurant!!!
4	We dropped by on a Friday night around 7pm. There were only three other occupied tables there, so we were seated quickly.The decor is plain, but not in a bad way. The service was very attentive and friendly.We ordered the yellowtail carpaccio, a cucumber salad, a variety of skewers, agadashi tofu and a grilled mackerel. Some dishes were much better than others. Our favorite were the chicken hearts. They were DELICIOUS. Overall a very interesting place to eat some good izakaya food so far. We will probably be back to try some more of their grilled foods.
5	This place is delicious! It's definitely a hidden gem on the east side.We ordered the tempura bowl, tiger roll, shrimp tempura, spicy miso ramen, the mackerel, and the tuna poke and everything tasted amazing and really authentic like you were to take a quick trip to japan just to eat!A lot of small plates and cheap prices so you can experience a little bit of everything!They also had specials on sake and a good selection of Asian beers and sakes!The chef even came out to make sure everything tasted greatGreat place to start a night out or end your night! Will be going to eat there again real soon!
4	Friendly engaged staff. Tasty, but small a la carte items-- cheap, but do add up. My favorite was grilled tomatoes wrapped in bacon. Hot sake was $2.50 for large. Fun place.
4	Living in the Whitney Ranch area of Henderson, it's a pain getting into "Chinatown" for some more authentic Asian food. Fukumimi in SE Las Vegas is a godsend when the ramen bug bites (and it does quite frequently in our house), but any other Japanese cuisine, other than sushi, had us circling half of the valley on the 215 or 95 to get there, and with the a 2 year old, it's like driving with a time bomb. So when we noticed Yatai on our drive home from Fukumim a few weeks ago we got our hopes up.I'm glad to say our expectations were exceeded.Interior: larger than you expect when you walk up, very low key interior design but modern. Very clean.Menu & Pricing: Large selection and the pricing is very good. We didn't see any specials, but the menu was large enough for us not to notice until we were talking the next day. Pricing was very good, most skewers ranged from $1.25 to $2.00, and other al-a-carte items were on par with other restaurants (i.e. karaage was $4.95). We ordered a grilled squid ($6.95 I believe) at the end of the meal that was big enough to be a meal for one person if you threw in a side of rice.Food: Delicious. There were no 'rave' level items we ordered, but everything we did order will be ordered again. I did find the karaage on the bland side, but my wife, who's born and raised in Japan, told me that it's exactly the same way she would get at  izakaya in Tokyo and the other places in America serve it more the way mom's cook it at home.Location: Make sure your car is locked.Overall: Definitely will be heading back with a group of friends very soon.
4	Place is new clean and relaxed. Came in at 6pm was empty and wasn't sure if to go in or not. Decided to take the chance and I am so happy we did. The food is great, prices are even better and service with a smile. Can't ask for more :) Decided to take over the menu and try a lot of things. As you will be able to see in some of the pictures. I think this is a great place to come in have a few drinks with friends and quick bite to eat.If you are looking for full course meal you can get it but finger food that is great and drinks that come quick. Come inside take the chance it is definitely worth it :)
