5	this restaurant is top notch. order the 'table mikasa' - great selection of appetizers and plenty to share. the samashi (soup appetizer) is a seafood broth with a variety of seafood - the broth itself was very (ful)filling, like nothing i've ever had - perhaps the perfection was in it's simplicity. other good bets - tempura, lychee martini, diamond roll (if you like tempura).it was an excellent meal - perfect way to celebrate my husband's birthday.
5	I absolutely love the way they decorated here, it is top notch.  The food's presentation was beautiful, including a little flower arrangement on the plate.  It was adorable.  The selection of food and cocktails were great.  When venture to Montreal again I would love to hit up the restaurant.
4	(Original posting was 29 Jan 2009 during my birthday weekend in Montreal.)About one week ago, I celebrated my 21st birthday in Montreal.  I booked reservations in advance for 10 pm because I wanted the tatami table.  My flight from Los Angeles was delayed for a bit and I didn't check into the Marriot until 9:30 pm!  Luckily, the restaurant is located right next to my hotel. Score.Ordinarily, I would never, and I mean NEVER, go to a restaurant like this, but in light of my 21st birthday and first night in Montreal, I splurged...big time.The Bill:   1. Mango Daiquiri for $8.00 CAD   2. Ebi Tempura $9.00 CAD   3. Large scallops and green salad with Mikasa sauce $18.00 CAD   4. Ring of Fire Roll $13.00 CAD   5. Nirvana Roll $16.00 CADConclusion: Overly pretentious, but so delicious.  Beautiful presentation, but not enough to fill my tummy.
3	Good enough sushi place. The rolls that we got were pretty good but nothing that was very adventurous or that would set them apart from any other sushi place. The ingredient that were used were of good quality and everything tasted good. The outward appearance of the restaurant is much more fancy than the food shows. The drink menu leaves something to be desired as many of their original cocktails are just renamed other cocktails. Basically, this is a good place to grab some sushi but might be a bit overpriced for what you get. The ambiance and decor in the restaurant is very sleek and modern and provides a good dining experience.
4	Looking for sushi in a foreign city is never easy.  I had a monster craving for some salmon sashimi so I hit up yelp and this place was high on the list.  I ordered the salmon sashimi, ring of fire roll and some other maki roll, bottled water and dessert and my bill with a 20% tip came to $55.  Not too bad for the amount and quality of food.  I would definitely come back.  My only complaint (and the reason I didn't rate 5 stars) is that the dessert was billed as an assortment of sorbet when it only contained a single flavor.  And it was delicious, so not much of a complaint!
5	I went here on a Thursday night. I didn't have a reservation and was luckily seatedwith my date. We ordered gyoza (pork dumplings) that were delicious as well as the crunchy roll and lobster roll, both of which I highly recommend. The presentation is both was beautiful. We ordered a small bottle of wine to accompany our dinner and our bill came to about $100 which was very well with it. This was the best sushi I have ever had. I would come back here again for sure.
4	Very good restaurant, excellent service and menu, definatly a good restaurant for a date or birthday party
3	I cannot get enough of Mikasa. Great sushi made fresh in front of you. This is a great place to be with friends. The service is fast, friendly and very patient with answering all of your what is in kamikaze needs. Great sushi. Great staff.
4	Does a sushi restaurant have to be run by Japanese professionals to be considered genuine? Most would say no (many great sushi restaurants in California are run by Koreans), but in the case of my first visit to Mikasa, it was comforting to hear the staccato syllables of Japanese between the crew behind the sushi bar. The serving staff are young, personable, professional, knowledgeable, and fully trilingual (at least!). A lot off attention is given to the customer.The food is certainly adequate given the raw materials which can be accessed in Montreal at this time of year. There is a shift to please the local palate (more fried items), but a lot of care is given to the presentation of the maki and special rolls. I didn't have any sake, so I can't judge their drink menu.One element that is clearly a plus is the sex ratio behind the sushi bar (okay, I wasn't looking for a legitimate use of the word "sex" in a food review but here goes!). Sushi chefdom seems to be a male dominated career, but at Mikasa tonight, there were three lovely and capable young women deftly wielding razor sharp blades, with the smiling senior chef from Hokkaido, humming along cheerily to the Musak piped in continuously over the speakers, making it a friendly crew of four. Thanks for the tip on sushi knife sharpening!
4	We were downtown running errands when a sushi craving hit, and ended up at Mikasa. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing, at least on a Tuesday night. We were tired and felt lazy about choosing individual rolls, so we ordered the "Love Boat" for two, the chef's choice of sushi. It took some time to arrive, but we watched the chefs make it, so at least we knew everything was freshly made. Our sushi arrived on a large wooden platter in the shape of a boat - cute. At first I was disappointed that there was more sushi and sashimi than rolls. But then I tried it - all the ingredients, fish and rice, were very fresh and full of flavour. Very good stuff. The service was friendly and attentive. We washed everything down with half a bottle of Orvieto (Italian), which was inexpensive and served its purpose. I would definitely return next time I'm downtown looking for sushi.
4	Great quality sushi, good location, a bit pricey, but worth it!While the menu seems to be over populated by huge, presentation oriented rolls, one can still lean on the true measure of a real sushi restaurant, FISH and RICE.I will happily return to this restaurant on a weekly basis for their tuna, salmon, and hotate (scallop) in it's most simple form served on rice.  The miso soup leaves something to be desired, but only falls short in comparison to the fish itself.The staff behind the sushi bar are great and welcome a Japanese phrase if you know any.  Very friendly atmosphere, great for a quick bite or a nice dinner.
4	I've been here a couple of times, and enjoyed it each time.  The tentacle lights are a little weird, and the mannequin in the kimono is slightly disturbing, but the sushi is pretty good and the selection isn't bad.  I agree that there are places with sushi of similar quality for less.  But I like Mikasa nonetheless.
5	Loved it! We had several on this visit my friend lives in mtl and is a frequent visitor ya it is pricey but rent can't be cheap downtown! We had several tuna rolls and something i have never seen before sushi wrapped with strawberries and mango! The show they put together is well worth it. We got seated right at the bar and watched them make everything i will return again....
4	Excellent. Fresh and light fare. I am a return customer when in town.
4	They got an extra star for being in Montreal, given that I've been seriously disappointed with the quality of sushi here.   Three of us shared several rolls and a salad (can't remember the name, but had calamari and avocado)  They were pretty good, but then, they were very pricey.  Service was decent.  I'll go back if I feel like sushi when I'm headed that way.
4	Great location, nice seating with a few open air options.  Quite a number of options.  Fresh fish, strong rolls.  Futomaki seems to be a specialty.  Enjoyed the dinner.
5	BEST SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD!I have been to many sushi places around the world and this one was the best....so far.  (never stop searching! *smile*)  Mikasa offers original sushi creations, whose  presentation is the only rival to their palette pleasure.  Rather than a boring salad starter, we opted for mango, strawberry spring rolls wrapped in leafy greens, which were sweetly satisfying.  Even their SEAWEED SALAD featured a lively honey dressing in a  spicy base.  The breaded sashimi dish was memorably tasty and the tempura was not greasy at all.    The sushi costs a little more than what you can buy at the mall, but you DO get what you pay for.  The Sushi Chefs, 2 of which were female, drive their innovative ideas into creative presentations that leave you wanting more.   Everything is made to order, so the quality is super fresh.  The arrival of the 6 different platters was pleasantly  unhurried, bringing the 4 of us only 1 plate at a time.  Many sushi restaurants in the US that bring all your plates at once and try to push you out the door.   Mikasa is a true gem worth digging for in Montreal.TIP:  Ask your waitress to point out the most popular rolls on their "favorites menu".
4	One of the greatest sushi place I've been to.  Great service as well, the server was very helpful as my girlfriend is a beginner in sushi, he was on par with everything. The food was delicious, clean, fresh and had great presentation.   It is on the pricey side of the sushi life but it's worth it if your going to fine dine for the night.
3	As only the second restaurant I've seen that serves spicy tuna on tempura Oba leaves, I had to give Mikasa a try.  The interior is neon chic, with almost a Hollywood-Hills domicile-blurring distinction between the interior and terrace.  Service was friendly and, how shall I say: reservedly inquisitive? The dishes were expertly prepared (sashimi was sliced and curled perfectly, rolls were uniformly sliced to CNC specs, plating was artistic and balanced), but a complete lack of spice in the spicy tuna was a disappointment and the tempura Oba leaves had that slightly soggy texture tempura gets when it's been left out too long (or worse, been placed in a refrigerator).   Overall it was still a good experience, but even though I dined alone I was left feeling like I'd gone on a date with a very beautiful model who talked about her looks the whole time.
5	Really original and delicious sushi. I was blown away by all the delicious and imaginative flavors and textures. Definitely not your average sushi bar. Highly recommended!!!
5	Excellent vegetable teriyaki!!!
4	Due to the massive storm, we were more limited in our food options.  We pretty much wanted to stay near our hotel (Omni) and not get stuck in a cab or out in the cold.  After pigging out on gelato and other junk all day, we decided to cancel our reservation at Pied au Cochon and keep it local.  We ended up at Mikasa.  This sushi was pretty good as well as the service despite it being our servers first night.  The best sushi that we had was a specialty roll called Tentation - highly recommend it.  The other sushi was good too, in particular the tobiko with quail egg and the salmon belly.  One thing that was annoying were the people sitting around us.  One table had three children who kept encroaching on our space/table will making lots of noise.  The other side had a classless mother/daughter combo with a friend.  The mother was clearly drunk and kept swearing  loudly.  It would have been nice if someone told either party to bring it down a notch.  Pros: Tentation Sushi, Service, Location, Salmon Belly, Tobiko with Quail Egg, Spicy tuna Cons: Red Snapper (tasted like it may not have been red snapper), Hamachi could have been better quality, people seated near us
4	We decided to venture further out and try this place based on other reviews.  It was definitely worth it.  The sushi rolls were tasty, especially the Casablanca roll which had strawberries in it.  The nigiri pieces were fresh and also very good.  Too bad they were out of Uni that night.  The chicken katsu was also very good, pieces were cooked just right - crunchy outside and tender inside.  Overall we enjoyed the great meal and service.  Definitely looking forward to visiting again.
4	Almost perfect!The establishment itself is clean, modern and spacious enough to hold a good amount of tables - I can't imagine it would be too hard to get a table in the evening (I visited on a Saturday night). The staff are extremely friendly and attentive - topping up my glass with cold ice water whenever it was required. I also witnessed them helping several people with their first sushi experiences.The atmosphere was calm but moody, though the music selection was a little off - RnB, really?.Though I soloed my first experience, Mikasa seemed good for a quiet meal with friends (I will be returning again). It's not the kinda place I would suggest for a first date though - the tables are rather close ;)I started off with several pieces of sushi, each at $5.75 a pop. Some of the best sushi I've had - certainly better than anything I had in the UK.I then hit up the ala carte menu. The sake based sauce on the salmon was a little thin, but that didn't effect the taste, which was okay, but nothing spectacular. The servings of sake were provided in generous proportions and got me a little drunker than I was prepared for. A great place, that I recommend to any sushi lovers, though I would suggest taking a seat at the bar, ordering a bottle of sake and eating enough sushi to make your wallet hurt :)
4	Excellent place!! Chao at the bar made great recommendations... Fantasy Roll followed by the Anaconda Roll... Out if this world taste. Will make this one a regular place for dinner!
4	We had the Vegetable Tempura and you only get five to six pieces for $5 but it was fresh, delicious and the Tempura sauce was the best I've ever had. For the main course we both had Teriyaki I had the salmon and my wife had chicken. They were served on a sizzling platter on a bed of bean sprouts/vegetable with a bowl of rice on the side. The portions of chicken and salmon were quite large and cooked to perfection with just the right amount of Teriyaki sauce. I originally said the ambiance was stuffy and corporate but it changed as the restaurant became busier. The service was great. Our server spoke three different languages and was great with us and other patrons.
3	Great food. We were there around 9 on the Sunday of a long weekend. They closed the kitchen while we were there. Also, the place is nice enough but I would not call it fancy. It's more of a family restaurant or a good weeknight option for couples.
5	Excellent Sushi !  Spent the weekend in Montreal, and decided to give this place a try; we were not disappointed.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable, and the food was fantastic. I actually felt bad eating it, because it was so expertly displayed.  The Anaconda Roll and Spicy Tuna Tempura are must haves !
3	Slow service, expensive but good Sushi. The angel roll (desert) was awesome.
4	I was never into sushi, until a few years ago I was introduced to mikasa it was a whole different level. The taste was great, I finally acquired the taste for sushi. If your a first timer eating sushi, Mikasa is great place to start.
2	What a disappointment. I walk past Mikasa almost every day and was looking forward to trying it based on the reviews here. For a high-end sushi establishment in the middle of the city, I expected much better in terms of quality and presentation, both of which were just average. The sashimi looked like it had been sliced by a three year old, the nigiri pieces were big and clunky, and the fried roll tasted like it had been sitting there for a while. Better luck at one of those hit or miss places on St-Catherine. At least they will under-promise and over-deliver, instead of the other way around.
4	Loved this Japanese restaurant - this was a recommendation from friends who live here and I'm so glad they took us here. 3 of us decided to venture here on a Saturday night without reservations, and we got a nice private window seat. Menu's here are extensive and you order all variety if rolls on paper. We also ordered two large bottles of hot sake which went down oh so nicely (and on a cold day, there was nothing better than having warm sake settle into our tummies).My favorite roll was definitely the friend eel - the rice was so fluffy and soft that it felt like I was eating Marshmallows. I like my Japanese rice soft and sticky so this was perfect for me! Plus, this dish came with the best dipping sauce ever. We also ordered several other rolls (fried crab, tempura roll, vegetable roll) and all were really delish. This restaurant is perfect for groups as all the dishes are entirely shareable, and yummy!Service was excellent - our waiter was attentive when required and explained each dish to us.If you're ever in this area, and feel like Sushi, I highly recommend Mikasa! It has everything going for it!
2	I was not impressed with Mikasa. I eat a lot of sushi and know what is good and what is not. I came for a weekday lunch here and found that the sashimi was not fresh whatsoever. I had a variety of 3 or 4 kinds of fish, so it wasn't just the one type. The service was good, but not stellar and the prices were somewhat high. I was really impressed with the miso soup and cucumber rolls as well as the overall presentation of the food. Definitely not the worst meal of my life, but I left paranoid that I would get food poisoning from old fish.
5	This restaurant has gained my first5 star review. I am not too picky but I felt there was always something missing in the other places I reviewed before. This more of a high-end restaurant serving Japanese food. I could easily tell there sushi is fresh. I loved their Cali and the salmon tartar rolls. There sushi rolls are huge and quite filling too so be carefully when you are ordering. They also serve wines and alcoholic beverages. I had a glass of their house white wine, it was good.Finally, the service was excellent by all means. Friendly staff, did not have to wait long till the waitress came to take our order. She was so polite and we'll groomed. It took less than 10 mins for the food to arrive. Definitely going there again.
5	Went here 3 nights in a row because the food was THAT good! Each plate is unique and beautifully presently. Service is great too. Would definitely eat here at least once a week if I could! My go to Montreal sushi restaurant. P.S. I know they were renovating the building Mikasa was in from May 2014... Not 100% sure if/ when Mikasa will be reopening :(
