4	The Tenorio brothers ("Filiberto" being the eldest) opened their first fast-food restaurant in San Diego, and soon after, one on Main Street in Mesa. I used to live near and eat at that second location, and trust me -- when their company website says it was an "instant success" and "people lined up" to eat there, they aren't exaggerating!Today, Filibertos boats 28 restaurants in Arizona and California. The newest addition in Chandler lacks the reverse-ambiance of the original one that occupied an abandoned Jack-in-the-box, but the food is the same. Filibertos falls somewhere between a Taco Bell or Del Taco and a full-fledged, full-priced Mexican restaurant. But that's a good thing when you want better-than-fast-food but only want to spend around 5 bucks. Filibertos has become my go-to choice for comfort (read: fattening) Mexican food. Some days I would give the eatery 3 and sometimes even 5 stars, when the food is especially fresh and not too greasy, but overall I'll play it safe with a 4. My personal faves are the Arizona burrito with cubed beef, potatoes and cheese and the Chile Rellenos plate, while my husband prefers the Adobada burrito and the fish tacos. Note: it helps if you intend to get your order to go, since many locations offer limited or no seating.
4	Filiberto's is a unique place that can't be compared very well.  The previous review said it was in between Taco Bell and Del Taco.  I disagree.  I think it is more between Taco Bell and a sit down Mexican restaurant.The food is very authentic and isn't the fastest fast food.  My favorite is the Carne Asada Burrito, which is HUGE, and the shredded beef nachos are big enough for two.  The cost isn't fast food either.  A burrito is around $3.50 and nachos around $5.  But to compare their food to Taco Bell doesn't do it justice.  Taco Bell would be like cafeteria food and Filiberto's like a Mexican BBQ.  It is the most authentic fast food Mexican food you can find.  By the way, Filiberto's is usually in a former fast food place.  The atmosphere isn't necessarily the kind where you would want to sit down and eat.  I recommend the drive through.  I do remember the 2nd location too and the line was unlike any other I have seen for a restaurant before or since.
5	I love this place.The food is reasonably priced and very good. Very large menu ofthe things Taco Bell cant and shouldn't offer.
5	Two words.....Breakfast Burritos. They are awesome. I love filibertos. I dont usually get anything except the breakfast. So stop in and try it. You wont be disappointed.
3	Heard about there breakfast burritos so I had to try them.  They were good but not as good as burrito express IMO.  For the money though, a decent place.
4	I'm one of those 75/25 eaters.  I try to eat healthy 75% of the time and I would be happy eating at Filibertos the other 25%!  I must have Latin blood in me because I CRAVE this food!!!  I've had dreams about greasy mexican food like this!!!  Seriously, the green chile burrito is the BOMB.  And I swear, it's not even that greasy....just delicious morsels of pork in a perfect green sauce and not too spicy (I have acid reflux, so this place can create serious pain!)   Where can you get such an authentic, delicious meal for $4.00?  I know I'm a fan :)
4	Thanks Yelp! I now have periodic cravings for this food!Seriously, I do. It's fast food, but more authentic Mexican. NOT Taco Bell. And really tasty!And I really don't like breakfast burritos. Never. But someone bought one for me, and I was really surprised. It was delicious!Cravings...!
4	I've been eating at this same Filiberto's for over 10 years. It's always fast, always delicious, and always cheap. It's the perfect late night drunk food or something quick and high quality than Taco Bell in the middle of the day. I always get three rolled tacos with cheese and sour creme with a side 1/2 pint of "Mexican-style" rice. Since last time I've been here - a few years - their oil changed and it tastes a little different but was still awesome.
4	Excellent food at an affordable price.  If Mexican fast food is your scene, there are few rivals to Filiberto's.  In my former life as a fast food aficionado, I found myself daily at the drive-thru window of Fliberto's ordering breakfast burritos.  All varieties excellent!  Huge burritos overflowing with yummity goodness.  Nothing hits the spot like breakfast at Filiberto's.  Now that I have reformed my ways of eating to embrace a healthier lifestyle, I still find that there are yummity healthy options like the pollo asado burrito minus the tortilla.  The salsa verde is excellent.  You can switch your flour tortillas for corn tortillas and ask for grilled options.  I have shopped around and still think Filiberto's is one of a kind.  Eat well. Be well.
4	Sometimes I get really drunk and want the Filiberto's Super Nachos.  Filly B's Super Nachos consist of tortilla chips with some salsa, cheese, beans and then A SHIT LOAD, like, seriously, at least three full cups, more than you'll ever eat, of low quality, delicious beef.  Most times I've eaten them I am black out drunk and did something more stupid than eating Filiberto's Super Nachos, like punching my boyfriend in the face.  These nachos are literally the only reason I do those two or seven extra shots sometimes.  When I leave Phoenix, Filiberto's Super Nachos (I order them with no sour cream so they're totally healthy) are going to be in the top three things I miss; right after racist sheriffs and your mom.
5	Every time I visit Arizona I love to eat here to food is vary good and I have my wife to thank for turning me on too this restaurant I wish they would have some in Georgia
4	I went there late last night, first because there is 99 cent tacos, and second, because I love late night Mexican food, especially if I partner it with an antacid pill.  Got tacos and rice.  Tacos were wonderful, crispy, and taste awesome.  Rice was very good (5 stars for this)   Now I usually go to the Filis on Dobson and Main, but this was on my way home.  The one on Dobson and Main puts more meat and lettuce in their tacos, so I do prefer that location.  The taste of these though were on par.  Would have given it 5 stars if they would have put more meat and lettuce in it (yes, I know, I am repeating myself).  Can't beat Filibertos, good, inexpensive authentic Mexican food....thank you!
4	Great Mexican food, get the Carne asada burrito enchilada style. The super nachos are awesome too.
4	Taco Tuesday is the best! $.99 tacos - yummy crispy fried shells, good flavor to the beef.  All in all a great taco - it is a little greasy but that adds to the ambience of a fast food taco. (Don't get me wrong these are way better than fast food, but this is a dirve-in after all.)I am trying the super nachos tonight - late night mexican food craving.  I will let you know my thoughts. Enjoy!
5	This is by far the best Mexican drive-thru in the area. My favorite is their super nachos. I have never had a bad meal when eating their food. I no longer live in the area and I miss their food, I have yet to find a place here in the Monterey Peninsula that comes close to the quality of food at Filibertos. Every time I am in the AZ I go to Filibertos!
4	I don't care what anyone says, I love Filiberto's.  Carne asada burrito, Arizona burrito, green chile, carnitas, machaca, chorizo, carne asada fries.... I love it all.  I'm not crazy about the cheese they use, so I usually order without it, or end up scraping it off. It's not gross, they just tend to be heavy handed.Nothing beats a late-night Filiberto's stop, or a morning-after hangover buster.  And, their horchata is my favorite! If they delivered, my life would be complete.
5	I arrived in Casa Grande, AZ starving! Drove around looking for a Mom & Pop mexican place but then I saw Filiberto's. The breakfast burrito was HUGE, very good and only $4! The cook had it done quickly and it hit the spot. If you're passing through AZ look for a Filiberto's and enjoy!
4	It's a little cleaner than other fast mexican food places and their shredded beef burritos are pretty good - they use quality meat without much fat.  Their portions are big and  inexpensive, plus they often have 99c tamales. Their tortas are a bit soggy though because they don't toast their bread.
5	Hands down the best breakfast burrito. Wow is all I can say. Fresh, well seasoned, with sauces on the side and some pico de gallo.  This food will make your eyes roll back in your head!!!
4	We decided to try this out tonight for this first time and we were not disappointed! The carne asada burritos are delicious and could easily feed two people. We got the #14 combo plate that comes with rice and beans. My kids loved the beef tacos and the rice and beans as well. My husband's only complaint was the salsa. If they had some more authentic salsa to go with their foods I'd give them 5 stars :-) It's a little  more pricey than something like taco bell, but you get much better quality food.
4	Probably one of the best fixes for Carne Asada fries/burritos in AZ. The best thing about this place is that it is open 24 hours and food is freshly made.
5	Day or night.  These burrito's are amazing.  The first and last think I eat when I come home will be Fillibertos.Welcome to flavor country.
3	While the carne asada is good the cheese enchiladas need some work. They are never melty enough. Last time I got one it looked as if they just dumped shredded cheese in it and sent it out.
5	WOW!  Just ate at Filibertos the first time (new to AZ) and was extremely impressed.  Went through the drive-through in Gilbert and ordered the enchiladas and they were amazing. Huge portions and great, low price.  Couldn't believe it was fast food.  Highly recommended.
1	Went there this week and everyone who had the beans got food poisoning for 2 days. Will never go there again!
4	I've never met a taco didn't like. That being said, the shredded beef tacos are bomb!! If you are expecting a fancy Mexican spread then be prepared to be disappointed. This is quick, solid Mexican food. My kids love coming here. The kids meals are cheap (something parents like) and they come with churros!! Need I say more?I've never used the drive thru but it never seems to move quickly. Park and come inside so you can peruse the extensive menu. They also have different specials for each day of the week so look out for those. Oh, and the horchata is pretty good too.
2	Such a disappointment! I ordered my Fav-a carne asada burrito w/ cheese, sour cream & bacon. I know crazy!! I paid $9 for a burrito! Usually it's not that much at the other locations. So when I opened the bag of disappointment & saw the smallest burrito ever, well that left me sad. But the party just began cuz the taste of the ingredients topped off the dismal feeling put forth by this location makes me sad to say this location blows
4	So hard to find good Mexican food in AZ but this is good!
1	I've been to half the Filibertos in Phx since the first one opened. While living on the East Coast I yearned for a late night Fili run and would do so whenever visiting. I've moved back and been to this location at Gilbert and Baseline and foolishly keep going back. Here are my grievances:Prices way upQuality so so (usually just a bean and cheese burrito, but cold and for $4.03?)Attitude. C'mon. It's Filibertos. Don't judge me at the counter.Bottom line is, two bean burritos with cheese and a medium drink for $12.50? I may as well be in NYC. And then the attitude. Just don't need it. I'll hit Ricardos up the road. :)I'll keep hitting Filis here and there but this one is finally gone over the top and lost me. They just don't care. There are plenty of folks driving thru and their tills are running over. Clearly there is no pressing need to maintain a charade of friendly service to mix with their high-priced fast food.
4	Can't beat Fili B's taco Tuesday deal!!! Their shredded beef tacos and chicken tacos are amazing and the horchata is always just right.  They aren't the nicest Mexican food place but who cares on taco tuesday!
1	The rice was hard and the beans were cold. That was a terrible example for mexican food tonight. (12/26/2011)
1	If you like roaches in your breakfast burritos... You have come to the right place!!! Won't be coming back here again!  Bleh!!!!
5	I have been eating here (and other locations) for 15 years and the food is top notch!!! Carne Asada burrito, no need to look any further on the menu!!!
