3	I've only been for a mani/pedi but felt super after my trip.  The staff is friendly and the spa is well-kept and clean.  I'm not the chattiest customer but I felt at ease making small talk and reading my trashy celebrity magazines.  The prices are reasonable and comparable to other spas in the area ($58 for my treatments).  Oh they also take SpaFinder (a gift card that lets you choose your spa).  I would definitely go again arm twisting there...who doesn't love pampering?!
5	Diana is AMAZING! Serendipity Salon was recommended to me by a coworker so I tried it out and I will not go anywhere else. Let me start off by saying I have always been uncomfortable getting my hair cut, but Diana makes me feel so comfortable. She is knowledgeable, polite and I would probably trust her to do just about anything with my hair if she felt it would look nice. My hair has never been something worth complimenting, it is thin and flat. Since I have been going to Diana woman have stopped and complimented my hair and ask where I've got it done. I cannot recommend this salon and Diana enough. The cost is higher, but it is totally worth it for a great haircut.
2	I went there for a mani/pedi. It took well over 2 1/2 hours to get a mani, pedi and eyebrows done. I get these treatments done all the time before I moved to Pittsburgh and it takes close to an hour, maybe an hour and a half if the place is busy. Two and a half hours is just too long. The salon is a hair salon, not a place to get your nails done. There are two pedicure chairs and two manicure stations but it feels like they had an extra closet and set up shop in the closet. For a rather large salon the nail area was quite cramped. The polish selection was almost non-exsistant and the polish they did have were old or close to being empty. There are also no dryers at this place. The only upside to it taking 2 and a half hours was at least my nails were able to dry naturally. During my pedicure my nails were not shaped and cuticles were not cut and fixed. The girl used this tool that almost looked like an eraser to push back my cuticles, not remove them. She then slapped some polish on my toes and that was that.Similarly, the manicure was nothing special either. No shaping of my nails at all and again the same eraser tool was used to push back, not remove my cuticles. I like my nails short and square. I grow them out before a mani to let the person cut, shape and polish. No cutting of my nails was done and the shaping was horrible. Some nails came out square, some came out rather round and others came out who knows what. Lastly, I had my eyebrows done. I just needed them cleaned up, nothing drastic. The  girl clearly didn't full understand and who knows what she waxed off because my eyebrows looked mostly the same after. She then also insisted on putting a brow liner on my brows. I have fairly thick and dark brows, so I don't need any altering make up wise for my brows. Despite saying no thank you when she asked if I wanted some, she did it anyway. She also proceeded to give me a full face of make up, despite my having make up on and saying no thanks. The make up was uneven, and not at all my style. I ended up leaving looking like a crazy person.  This place wasn't the worst but it certainly wasn't great and I don't know that I will be back. If you are just looking for someone to put polish on your toes or fingers you may love this place, but for someone that actually cares how their nails and toes look I don't know that I would recommend it.
5	The owner did my hair. I am the worse client for any hairdresser.  I am hypercritical and never happy.  I was this time!! She listened to me. Took the time to understnad my hair. Reviewed a pix I brought in and modified the style for my texture and age.  It was a pleaure. I'll be back
