3	40 years ago this was probably a nice theater. Now it would have to improve to be considered a dump. I took the kids here on our lasttrip to Vegas. I got the impression that the place had been closed since 1972 and just reopened without any cleaning or maintenance.The urinals in the mens room were all marked out of order. I went directly into the drain in the floor (I guess you didn't need to know that). The snack bar did have sodas and popcorn,and the popcorn wasn't bad. We went here because I wanted the kids to know what a drive-in movie was like,since all the drive-ins in NO Calif are long gone. If we ever go to a drive-in again it won't be this one.
3	The cool thing about this place is, it's in existance. I mean seriously Drive In Theatres are a dying breed with the whole THX and DLP and stadium seating. Fortunately this place actually does draw cars in. Sure it can be considered "ghetto". They do show new movies. The snack bar looks a little run down. THAT'S WHY YOU SHOULD GET ICHIZA to GO! Hehehe ok well there's other things you can consider. Burgers, etc....you can sneak it all in. It's inexpensive if you're on a budget. Ok I do admit the bathrooms are gross. But hey as a guy I have the official piss in a cup/bottle pass. It's revolutionary. If you're with yer girl and she gotta go....yea...good luck with that! All they really have to fix is the asphalt. The sound system don't expect much - it's only as good as your stereo system. Especially if you have a really good one, then the sound is in the good range. If you got stocks....then it's in the "not that bad" range. Definitely if you haven't had a drive-in experience you should go for nostalgic purposes...before it goes away.Sure you can get laid at home. Hehehe but in a Drive-in ;)
3	There are reasons why drive-ins have closed in most parts of the U.S.  The picture quality is not very good because it is a blown up picture with ambient light that competes with the screen.  The Fiesta casino gives off a lot of light for movie screens 3 and 4.We saw "I Am Legend" on Saturday which had some dark scenes where it basically looked like the screen was blank for seconds at a time because night scenes don't show up well.It was a double feature including Fred Claus which we didn't want to see.  Potholes on the way out and into the theatre have gotten a little better but still exist.  Concessions are not too bad with hot dogs and popcorn fairly decent.  The reason why we go is because my girlfriend is a chain smoker and need a couple of cigarette fixes during a movie which she can't do indoors.  Strengths:1.  Cheap $6 tickets--especially if you stay for the second feature.2.  Decent concessions.  Can also bring in own food and drink.3.  Kids seem to enjoy being outside.4.  Can kiss and grope more discreetly than indoors.5.  Current releases--not a delayed discount movie house.Weaknesses:1.  Poor screen resolution, especially dark scenes such as "I Am Legend" or "30 Days of Night".2.  Bumpy roads (lots of muffler dragging)3.  Sound is scratchy sounding4.  Slow exit if popular movie such as debut of "American Gangster"
5	Wholesome fun! Wish they had one of these where I live.Took my kids and my sister and her kids, brought popcorn and yummy treats from home, and let the kids sprawl wherever they could in the minivan. Fantastic! No more trying to get your kids to sit still in the theatre! Cheap, kids are free and its even cheaper on Tuesdays. Double feature makes it easy to go to a family movie, wait till the kids fall asleep and then watch a grown-up movie, just you and your sweetie. This has to be a stop on your trip!P.S. I found the urinal cake smelling bathrooms charming in a 70's flourescent lights kind of way. Vintage movie theatre. Cleanest bathrooms I found in Vegas! And check the lot for broken glass or small car parts before letting your kids run to far. It is, after all, a parking lot.
4	Considering it is the only drive-in theater anywhere near Las Vegas, you have to enjoy what you get or don't go at all.  For those times when you want to bring the whole family out to a movie, you really can't beat what WestWind Drive-In Las Vegas 5 has to offer.Located just north of Fiesta Rancho and right next to the NLV Airport (expect a plane or two to land or take off while you're at the movie), it does suffer a little because of the neon signs.  While watching "Kung-Fu Panda" tonight, many of the dark scenes were quite difficult to see.  Other than that, you can see the screen's just fine.  The audio quality is based on an FM station that you tune into in your car.  My radio always has some scratchiness to it (I've also heard it in other cars), but more often than not you can hear the movie from the other cars around you without much strain.The cost is $6.25 per adult, $1.00 for each child over 5 and Free for those under 5.  On Tuesday's the cost is $4.50.  Each show is a double-feature, so in our case tonight we had KFP and IronMan.  Concessions offer anything you want but just bring in all the food you desire in your trunk and enjoy a picnic on or around your car while you wait for the movie to start.It opens up an hour before the earliest showtime (usually shows start at dusk around 7 or 8 depending on time of the year); I'd recommend showing up 30-45 minutes early to get a good spot so you have room to relax.  Bring chairs and blankets and make a tailgate out of the show.  If I can say anything more, having all of this room to relax while watching the movie is one huge plus over a regular theater.See you at the movies!
4	When I found out Vegas had a drive in movie theater, we were so excited!  And it plays first run movies too --   Load up the car, take the dog, some beer, some snacks and enjoy!  The only bummer...as noted, the bathrooms are scary.  So you pull up to the parking meter looking thing and turn your car radio to the channel they give you -- and voila, movie sound through your car speakers!  The perfect summer night treat!
4	What a great place to go if you want to get the kids out of the house. You can bring your oWn food, beer & bbq, bring your lawn chair or whatever. All shows come over the FM channel so its as good as your car stereo. They show a double-deature 7 days a week for $6.25 per person with KIDS free. The snack bar is pricy of course but everything is good except the TINY nachos. Watch all the newest movies any be able to smoke,drink beer & BBQ.
3	Well, at least there still is a drive in.It was ok. Just your average drive in..... A little bit of riff-raff, but not to bad.Sound was ok, but screens seem washed out due to the TWO casinos signs right across the street. Overall not a bad value $6.25 per person for a double feature. Just bring snacks and drink from home. Very nice time of year to catch a flick under the stars.
5	The @WestWindDriveIn  is located on N Rancho & Caresy right near @statoioncasinos TEXAS Station.Just $6.50 for Adults/KIDS ARE FREE for a Double-Feature of NEW release movies. If you stay late they do play a 3rd movie.BEST DEAL AROUND!!!They have a snack bar with popcorn,Nathans hot dogs,pizza,nachos and soda plus video games and restrooms.During the summer bring your lawn chairs and BBQ they let you cook out and this place really gets rockin'
4	This drive-in is great, good way to relive your youth if you don't have a drive-in movie theater where you live.They have 5 screens, so you get a good variety of choices.I had to deduct a star for 2 things:  The concession has a very mediocre selection, they need more candies and things like bon bons, malts, ice cream, etc.  Second thing was the limited video game selection.  Other than that, this place is awesome!
5	This is truly a slice of Americana... I couldn't believe I got to see a double feature of brand new releases (opening weekend for Kick-Ass) for just $6.50 a person! Just be sure to bring cash as I don't believe they take plastic (nor at the concession stand).I personally did not try their concession stand other than just wandering by during intermission, but I did see that they've got a pretty good selection. Next time I'll probably try the popcorn.Everyone there was friendly and respectful - guests included. One word of warning: you get the sound through your radio in your car. After two straight movies, your battery may not be too happy with you. I strongly suggest starting the car and running it for a while in between movies to boost the charge back up. Otherwise, make sure you have jumper cables!
1	The drive in itself is as expected, but we went to see the "Karate Kid", in the middle of the movie they were still letting cars in, and the place was pretty full. The worst part was that someone was smoking crack (twice we smelled it), with the breeze coming bringing into my van. They need to have security so that this doesn't happen.
4	Went to the theater last night with my wife and 3 month old to see Toy story 3 and Despicable Me in a double feature. While it was a fun experience it was incredibly draining. The theater was like many of the reviews have described it... a bit run down, lots of pot holes on the grounds, bathrooms in need of a good hosing down... but still it is something I would recommend to friends and family (with a few tips thrown in). Firstly, we decided to take our old van since the back seats can be lowered to make a large flat surface in the back. Throw down some blankets and a ton of pillows and we had a wonderfully comfy place to lay back with our son and enjoy the films. If you are doing a double feature you need to make sure you are as comfortable as you can be. If you can be comfortable sitting in your car seats for the entire duration of a double feature than awesome, but otherwise you need to find a way to make yourself as comfy as you can. Maybe some extra seats or blankets or pillows or something, otherwise prepare to have some seriously numb buttocks.Secondly, sound came in great through the speakers. I agree that the quality of the sound will greatly depend on your vehicle however. We brought a small portable radio to minimize drainage on the vehicle's battery, but because it was a manual tuner and not a digital one that locks onto a specific station it was virtually useless because we couldn't get it juuuuuust right. The movie stations are like a single point apart from two very powerful radio stations on either side, so it needs to be perfect to get a good sound. So be prepared with either an appropriate radio or to run your car during intermission to keep the battery alive.Third, they do have a concession stand but this is a perfect set up to do a small picnic or something. If you plan to bring drinks though, bring some ICE! Or an ice chest or something with cold drinks in it, you will be here awhile and it will make a nice difference. This is really important especially in the summer where even at night the temperature here is going to stay a bit higher than is going to be comfortable. And if you have a van like mine, leaving the AC going for the duration of the films while sitting still is just begging for an overheated engine!! Lastly, if you are showing up at the second feature or near the end of another film, be prepared for chaos in the lot. This place doesn't exactly have clearly marked roads or people directing traffic, so be patient and careful driving around.Yikes this is certainly one of my longer reviews, hope it is useful to some folks though. Great experience for the family, just go prepared!
4	I just like drive-in movie theaters.One confusing thing:  Their website says (most nights) they show Movie A, then Movie B, then Movie A again.  I didn't see them show Movie A a second time on any of the screens (maybe no new cars came in with people who would need to see the second showing).  But I'd just be unsure about whether I'd get to see both movies if I didn't get there for the first showing of Movie A.  I don't know if that makes any sense to you, but there it is.
1	My friend and I drove from Green Valley planning on getting to the theater with just enough time to park when the previews were about to start.  No luck.  The previews were supposed to start at 10:05 and we were there at 10:02.. all gates locked up and no one around to let us in.  I left my car outside and walked over to the concession area and it was closed.  A girl outside was pretty mad that they had sold her a large drink and popcorn and told her about the free refills and closed 10 minutes later.  Half of the movies had just started and the concessions were closed... doesn't make much sense to me! We couldn't get in so we parked outside and watched about 1/3rd of Despicable Me before being asked to leave.  It's a nice idea and affordable but make sure to be careful because it's in a really bad part of town.
5	Looking for a place to see the current movies and save some movie... The drive in in Las Vegas is the place. $6.50 for two movie is a steal and family fun nights on tuesday for $4.25 for two movies is even a better deal. Staff is awesome! Place is old but hey when you are paying $2/$3 a movie I am not going to complain about this place. Get to get away and watch a movie. If you haven't gone, check it out, if you have kids, great way to watch a movie and the new born or little ones can sleep in the back seat. See parents do it all the time and I don't hear them cry, except when they pull them out of the car seat to calm them down, but I have my window down so I hear it. Awesome place!!!
4	It was the first time going to a drive-in theater and I honestly did not know what to expect.  I have always known drive-in theaters to be a classic icon of good 'ol Americana, which is unfortunately becoming a dying part of our culture.Knowing that this is the only drive-in at Las Vegas and it being quite old, I wasn't expecting much. After going and seeing Pirates of the Carribean: On Stranger Tides, to my surprise, it was flipping awesome.First off, my initial reaction was that the screen image was great.  I was worried I might be staring at a blurred image emitted from a cheap projector, but it was not bad at all!  It's not IMAX quality or anything, and listening to the audio through my stock Hyundai speakers didn't enhance the experience, but all in all, it was highly enjoyable and did not bother me at all (of course, this depends on where your car is located, so be there early if you want a good spot).There were some moments where the screen started to flicker and even went entirely blank, but the staff quickly fixed the problem and it was up in less than a few seconds.The price for the movie is cheap, cheap, cheap (about $6 per person!). It is a great thing to do with friends or families, and the summer is a perfect time to go, especially with all the mindless action movies that come out.The best part actually has nothing to do with the movie: its the freedom.  Laughing out loud, using my cellphone, talking with friends, and eating my OWN food.  Yes, I loved the fact that I had the luxury of stuffing my face with some El Pollo Loco and some powdered donuts while barely following with the mindless story of Jack Sparrow going on some crazy pirate adventure again.I wanna point out some tips.  If you're not a really good driver, you may want to hand over the keys to someone who IS a good driver.  The traffic was very heavy, and there were some small squeezes I had to make in order to get to my spot.  Also, there are potholes and rocks that can potentially cause a problem if your not careful.  There are also some sort of "speedbump" type of things sprawled out around the venue to allow drivers to park their car in an angle to get a better view at the screen.  If you're not careful getting on the speedbump, you can scratch the bottom of your car, like I did :[Also, be on time.  There was alot of traffic and we barely got in time to watch our movie.  I think they close the gates at a specific time, so just try and be there a few minutes early.Most importantly, make sure your battery is good.  You're going to be leaving your car on for hours (depending on the movie), and if your car battery dies, I'm just saying it's not the best part of town to be during dark.  I was thinking maybe I might bring a digital radio next time so I can just leave my car off and listen from the radio.  If you can bear the weather without A/C, then I recommend getting a portable radio as well to save your battery.  I don't think the old dial radios work, because they are not able to pinpoint specific radio frequencies.I just wanna note I did not buy the food from there, nor did I use the restroom.  Like I said, I came prepared! I have heard the food is great, but I wanted to bring my own food.  As for the restroom, you're on your own!PRO: Experiential, Cheap, you can bring your own food!CONS: Traffic can get heavy, some potholes
4	Whats not to like-- two movies for under $5- BYOB allowed!!!! All it needs are girls rolling around on skates and classic cars!
5	Drive-in movie baby! Right on! Yeeeeeeeep! Like Dave on Storage Wars! This place rocks! The Nostalgic feeling that is like no other! I have been here twice so far and it is about time I show some love with a review! I have to admit, went here once during the Summer, BAD mistake. Yeah it must have been close to 103 degrees that night. Rather than watching a movie we ended up playing an unplanned session of wet t-shirt contest. I will never forget the echo in my ear's "we need more ice ...and fast...I am dying" The first visit was flat out miserable, yet due to a lack of judgment and being the spontaneous type that we are, made for an interesting night in the car! Yeah we were not thinking clearly, hmmm it is 10pm and still 103 in the desert? Uh hello! We are lunatics! The second visit was much better as I went during Winter! Yay! We had a blast and truly enjoyed ourselves "watching the movie that is"! lol I think I counted four screens so you also have a choice in movies!The snack shop is awesome, has all of the goodies you would want and need for a fun drive-in snack experience. Popcorn, Nathan's hot dogs, tons of ice cream, frozen lemonade, assortment of candies, sodas, etc. This is a treat and so glad we have a real drive-in still left! Just don't be idiots like us and go when it is hot as hell outside.
4	Great place to see some movies.  They did mess-up one night and it took 45 minutes to decide they could not get it working.  Some screens have lights around them, that sucks a little.  Overall, can't beat it.  Much better than a theatre.
4	Decent place! Not a big drive-in. Has multiple screens but small parking lots. Clean restrooms & snack area. $6.50 per person for adults- great price to see new Mission Impossible movie :)
4	Have you ever been really excited about a new movie?? Did you go to the movie theater to see that movie?? Did you enjoy the movie? Or did you want to voluntarily hand your uterus over to science because some broad brought her screaming (what we can only assume) child to the movie? Well say no more! West Wind Drive-In theater is the answer for you!!Been here twice, and you know what I love about this place?!! You don't even have to get out of the car!!!! 30 degrees outside and you don't feel like putting on any "real" clothes? No problem!! Throw on your sweatpants!!  No kids, no unnecessary conversations, no impromptu love scenes. I love it. Just me, the movie, and the privacy of my own car. Ps. I'll give you 5 stars if you make your concession stand a drive thru!! :-) (They are also cash only, but they have an atm inside the concession stand)
5	I've been to the West Wind Drive-In many times within the past few years, and i'm still a fan.  If you want to catch a movie and don't feel like going through the motions of getting ready, standing in line, paying $21 for two tickets, and then getting robbed of an extra $9 for a small popcorn & drink combo,  the Drive-In is for you.  You don't have to lose your mind visualizing the ways to violently eliminate the opening night comedy quartet behind you, or even politely asking them to "shut the **** up."  Put on some jammy's, buy some Mickey D's and enjoy you're favorite movie in the privacy of your car.  Smoke a cigarette and rip a fart in total comfort.  If your ballsy and your girl is a team player, up the stakes.  Bring a blanket, have her hide in the backseat before you enter and voila!  $6.50 son.  You retain your quasi-badboy image, and a extra $6.50.  Slow people:  this is a no-go if you don't have tinted windows... No tint but it's a hatchback such n' such?  Your call.  No tint no hatch?  Shame on you buddy.
5	A drive-in theater in the Las Vegas desert? Not far from the strip, it's a no brainer! I had a great time even though I didn't smuggle in any booze or weed. Wink.
5	Great for the family.. Cheaper than regular movies..Bring your own food and drinks its expensive in the snack shop... drink a beer or two and watch two movies...
4	Was my first time at a drive-in, same with my wife. Cool experience. Sound comes in pretty well through the radio. Little bit of fuzz, but you don't notice if the movie is good. Visual quality was acceptable. The parking lot surface is wrecked and could be redone, but that's really a minor thing. Tuesdays are $4.50 night and almost every movie is a double feature, if you want to stay that long! This is a great experience right here in town for an affordable price. Some people come out with chairs or lay on top of their trucks. And you can bring it your own food without having to hide it!
4	I love drive-in's!  They're a dying breed, so I'm happy we have this option in Vegas.PROS: being in the comfort of my own car (so I can kick off my shoes and wear my PJ's), bringing in all the junk food I love and can handle, and being able to talk (or scream if it's a scary movie) throughout the movie without embarrassment or shame.  CONS: it's across the street from Fiesta Station; I think the casino is too brightly lit so that it makes the screens hard to see sometimes.  But whatever, it's $6.50 per person and I'm in my pajamas, so I can't complain too much.I used to go to the drive-in all the time with my family when I was a kid, and it brings back so many good memories.  I wish it wasn't so far of a drive (25 minutes or so), or else I'd be there every weekend.
5	I will never get sick of the drive-in!!!When I first moved to Vegas, I was so happy to see this place and that it had 5 screens.  Previously, I have only been to places that have one screen.  For me, it is about the experience of watching a movie outside and having some good friends around me.  I know the visual and sound is better in a regular theater but I am prepared for that when I come to the drive-in.  You get a bunch of cars around you with their radios on and its fun.  You can talk through the movie, you can bring some comfy chairs, couches, blankets and yummy food.This last weekend, we had a group of 15-20 people right up front for the Dark Shadows movie.  We go in about 30-45 min early so we could get a good spot plus enjoy the night air and spend time with friends.  Once the movie started we all sat down and enjoyed.If you need bathrooms or more food they have it.  It reasonably priced.  We paid 11.50 for 2 corn dogs, nachos, and candy.  Plus its only 6.50 pp to get in.  A lot cheaper than the regular movies.If you have never experienced the drive-in, do it!  Just get there early for a good spot.  If you are a movie buff and have to watch movies with all the bells and whistle of perfect sound and visual, not the place for you.  But if you want to enjoy the weather and time with friends, do it!  Some of my best movie nights have been here!
4	Ok I havent been to a drive in since the 80s and I remember it being a blast. So when I found out my GF lived near this one I suggested we go.It was too windy for top down on the convertible but we bundled up and gave it a try. For $20 we got a double feature and a large tub of popped corn. It took a while to find the station as my radio kept skipping past the digits but once that was figured out we had a good time.The only down side are the rude people who were driving up and down the rows with their lights on. I guess that happens at all drive ins but I dont remember that as a child. Once you parked you were parked till the very end.I cant wait to go again on a less windy night and try it again. It was a very nostalgic experience everyone should try at least once!
5	Love This Place!!! It's a Flashback from my childhood.. Just found this place last week and will keep on returning. My Wife and I had a BLAST and it was even cheaper than I thought it would be for a double feature..... Could hear the movie through our own speakers, windows wide opened, could talk during the movie, and my wife even got to wear her PJ's.....  Wish I wore mine......
4	We really have enjoyed this place!They have specials at the snack bar on certain nights and family fun night for $4.50 for adults on Tusdays.We personally stop at Subway before going to grab some $5 subs to take and eat while the movie is playing.We also bring a small cooler with drinks from home.The price was $6.50 for adults and kids ages 5-11 years was $1.They play 2 movies so that is a great price for that! They always play the 1st movie again after the 2nd so you can stay a bit and hang out or let the other cars clear out.The one downside is that because of the Fiesta across the street depending on what screen you are at it might be a bit bright.Also we have saw a couple horror movies that were a bit hard to see since they are typically darker to begin with.You listen to the movies right from your car stereo.We have on more then one occasion smelled pot so don't be surprised if you see a larger then normal cloud of smoke come from a car. All in all it is a great deal and fun!
4	The West Wind Drive-In Theater in Las Veags goes like this:  "There's a driver in in Vegas? Oh I want to check that out some day.  Where is it?  Oh, I don't know if kind of far away.  I also heard it was in a bad neighborhood.  Maybe someday we will check it out."  Then you finally go and it goes like this:  "Oh wow this is pretty cool.  This isn't a bad neighborhood.  Look, that family is hanging out playing games.  This feels like a tailgate party.  Why haven't we come here before?  You can see 2 movies?  This is cool!  It's not that far.  This is great, we are going to come all the time!  This is best way I can explain the drive in in Vegas.  I think it's so cool that this exists.  If you ever get a chance pack up the family and go see a movie inside or outside of your car.  The only thing I didn't like was my battery died in my car.  So if you have a boombox with batteries bring it and don't forget the popcorn!  Cheers!
5	I LOVE it here.  I have to admit that when I first heard that we had a drive in and where it was located...I was worried if it would be any fun.  I am so glad that we gave it chance.  The entire family LOVED it and had a great time.  Sometimes it is hard for all of us to go to the movies because we have a baby and we don't want to bother anyone if she cries.  With the drive in we don't even have to worry about it.  We loved it so much we brought two more families with us the next time.  Oh and all movies are double features!!Pro: So much cheaper than a regular movie...for 5 of us it was only $16.  The refreshment stand is also much cheaper a huge bucket of popcorn and large drink was $10.  We also were able to bring our own snacks and drinks which is even better.  No matter where you are parked you can see the screen well and the sound comes through your radio and you can adjust the volume.  The second time we went our battery died...we thought it might happen because I had some battery issues earlier in the week...and they came with a jump (no cost and quick) and we were on our way.Con:  The only con for us...is that in the summer it is hot and with the car off it can be a little tough.  Overall that is really the only compliant.TIP: Bring folding chairs so that you can sit outside your call as well...and be prepared to reverse in.
5	i was not too convinced at the beginning but it turned to be a great place. Bring chairs and be prepared to used your car radio system. I think this will become a bi weekly thing for my family to do. Very affordable! $5 for a giant popcorn bucket with refill? i don't  think i can ask for more....well maybe a little repair of the road... that's all
5	Hidden admist the flashing lights of Texas Station and Fiesta Casinos is a gem of a drive in theater.  With 6 screens and awesome pricing (6.50 per adult, $1.00 per child under 11) you can see two movies with a family of 4 for less money than 1 ticket to a REGAL theater.  And they have first run movies too such as Dark Night, Paranorman, etc.   They do a good job of combining two movies of the same genre like Avengers and Spiderman.  The movies are broadcast on FM so you don't have to worry about horrible sound or tiny speakers not working.  The concessions are not overpriced and the staff very friendly.  Great place to enjoy the balmy 95 degree evenings with your family or have an old school date.
4	This is really one of those places that people have to give a chance. My bf and I loved it here. I'm not a fan of movie theaters because of how gross they normally are so being in the comfort of our own car is great. Be aware that during the summer it can get pretty uncomfortable in the heat but it didn't bother us all that bad. You get two movie and you're charged per a person. The concession stand is reasonably priced but I think you can take your own food? Overall a great deal. The only downside is that's it backs up to the local airport and every time a helicopter or plane took off it was loud. The was at screen 2, not sure how the other ones stack up. We still plan on going back because it was still enjoyable!
4	I love this place! I rave about it to everyone, so probably time I rave on Yelp. First off, I grew up semi-near a drive in that I was never allowed to go/never wanted to go - super shady place. So my first ever drive-in experience was here, at maybe age 27. It's GENIUS.   You get to BYO-everything! You want sushi and sangria while you watch TWO movies for less than the price of one at a theater? done.Here are things I recommend: If you don't own a truck that you can fill with blankets and beanbags, definitely bring lounge chairs and sit outside the car. Bring a radio to listen to the movie ---- or better yet, MP3 player that has a tuner and headphones. Spring and fall are definitely the times to go --- not too hot, not too cold.  We had the car battery die one time while trying to use the car stereo. If you're going to do this, start your car between movies. Also bring jumper cables. They lose a star b/c they were severely unhelpful when my car was dead. Trying to get someone to bring over the cables when no one was doing anything else, took hours. We finally called Onstar and they sent a tow truck to jump me and the drive-in kids were not happy to let him in... but hey, if you could have stopped gossiping long enough to go fetch your cables and walk the 100 yards, it would have been done. It's not like I wasn't embarrassed and apologetic... And I've always felt safe. Bathrooms are clean enough, and if you are wearing your headphones, you don't miss anything on the movie!
4	This is my spot!  I can afford to take my kids to see all of the good movies and they love it.  Kids are only $1 and bringing our own snacks and drinks saves me tons of money.  The bathrooms are old and not the cleanest but that is my only complaint.  Sometimes people think they can get loud during a movie because they're outside, but most people behave themselves.  If you're going to a new movie, be sure to get there early because it gets crowded.
4	I've been chillin in Vegas from 93' till. I finally checked out the Drive-In this year. WoW!!! I can't believe it took me this long to check this place out.Two movies yalls for dirt cheap!!! Get here early to get a good spot. Bring your own whatevers and kick back. I saw folks posted up with their camping chairs or what not. I saw this one cat trail in his boat and chilled on his ship with his family and dogs. Very family friendly. I love the atmosphere that this drive-in gives. Big Ups to the management. Thank you for Customer Appreciation Night! Three movies for FREE DOLLARS!!! $1 NACHOOOOOOS!!! I'm all over this. Get here earlier than usual on Customer Appreciation Night.Sometimes the screen you're watching may be a little dim.  High definition screenings would be nice. All in all, this place is a definite must do.
1	Can't see the picture!Went for the great Argo/Looper double bill.The projector was off center and the subtitles in Argo were cutoff on the bottom.The bulb was dimmed so low there were entire stretches of Looper where you could not make out what was happening.The sound is MONO on your FM radio.Frankly I could have stayed home and downloaded those CAM videos of the movies and had a better viewing experience.I will say this: the men's room (trough urinals) was very clean.
4	Great alternative to the mega-theater experience. $6 each and you get two first run movies. The movies we saw sucked, but that's a different story. Plenty of parking, decent screen presentation and sound as good as your own car stereo system. We bring camping chairs and a cooler and sit beside our truck to enjoy the outdoors. Best thing besides the admission price is that you can bring your own food and beverages.
4	DRIVE-INS STILL EXIST? HELL YES!I stumbled on to this place when I got lost and was going down Carey Street. So later on that day I looked it up on Yelp and lo and beold, there it was with 48 reviews. So now this will be #49.I took my kids on a monday night because they had no school the next day. We saw Escape From Planet Earth. POSITIVES:Since it was about 50 degrees outside, we had our windows closed so we can have privacy and talk amongst ourselves without bothering anybody else. You have to tune your radio to the correct FM station that is designated on the bottom right of your receipt.  You can turn up the volume as loud as you want through your stereo system because everybody else is watching the same movie! When we were there, I saw people with the bed of their trucks turned towards the screen and they ended up lounging on chairs. You dont necessarily have to stay in your car. Short of bringing a barbeque, you can bring just about anything to be comfortable.On Tuesdays its 4.50 for everybody and some of the screens have double features so 2 movies for the price of one is not a bad deal!NEGATIVES:The bathroom and concession stand can be kind of a walk depending on where your screen is. In our case, we had the furthest screen. My advice to that as soon as you enter the grounds, go straight to the concession stand and/or bathroom. Then go straight to your screen. Now depending on the popularity of the movie you might not be able to find a good spot if you dont go early enough. Since you have to use your car stereo's frequency, your car battery has the potential to be drained dead. Of course you can run the engine to prevent that but some cars that are not well kept have that stinky smelly smoke that bothers everybody.Watching a movie in the middle of summer is more bad than good for the obvious reasons. The other major negatives are the the first things you think about when you hear the word drive in. Yes, couples be making out in their cars and to some extent, having sex. And where there is sex there is drugs and alcohol. No explanation necessary.So in closing, it's the nostalgia and positive points that bring people here. Drive-Ins are considered to be an endangered species. But as long as we support these guys, im sure Westwind 5 is not going anywhere any time soon.
4	Throwback movie going experience...So my boyfriend has never been to a drive-in (he didn't grow up here) and I decided to look for one online. Low and behold there was one not too far from home. Off we were...What a great deal. Movies theatres these days are so overpriced and you usually have to deal with some obnoxious adolescent moron.Whatever things are going on there,it's in their car so its none of my business! Sit back and tune in to the set station.Talk and laugh as loud as you want because you're in the comfort of your own car! You pull up to a very large screen and enjoy. Best part its two films for the price of one! Amazing right..The good ol days are here to stay at this place. Be sure to check out the concession building and play some old skool video games in between the shows. Its a great family outing. I love how people bring lawn chairs! $6.50 on a regular night & Tuesdays its $4.50 for two movies and dirt cheap popcorn that you get without having to leave your car! The con was the one screen was slightly frayed but I believe it was the movie itself because the second show was fine. Also I suggest you keep your car battery in good shape as the couple next to us had to get a boost half way through the movie. Depending where you park the restrooms can be quite a walk so remember to take your potty break before or after the shows!!
5	We loved this place!  You can buy popcorn without leaving your car!
5	This was my first time ever at a drive-in movie theatre. I really enjoyed my time here with my gf. We were on a nice lil date. We watched the movie Oz the great and powerful. I don't know if it was the movie that was good or the atmosphere. Or the pure fact that we were chillin in a car with our chairs reclined. I wanna go here again. haha.
5	Just the fact that theres a drive in in vegas is enough for me to give it five stars! There are other reasons too however. 1. Its cheap2. They show first run movies3. You can see a double feature if you plan ahead for the price of one4. The snack bar is relatively cheap5. Theres a playground for the kids6. I always get good service here. So five stars it is!
5	I just realized that WestWind also owns the Concord & Sacramento CA locations i used to frequent back when I lived there. Nice to see a drive in location featured here!Let me start with my negatives:Entrance/Exit pavement at this place is TORE UP!Bathrooms are a hike from the viewing screensProjection screens could be a little brighter or offer closed captionsSmell of illegal goodies from neighboring car windowsI've seen at least one couple getting it on! Parents beware. Pros:Tuesday nights are "family night" meaning $4.75 double feature first run flicks!Cheap and hardcore variety of snacksFor some viewing screens theres more parking availableChildren 5-younger FREE; kids 5-11 are just $1.00
3	Nostalgic!!  The place brought me back to times when I was a kid.  There were  kids sitting on the roofs of cars, people on portable chairs outside their cars, and of course the truck parked backwards with people in the bed.We saw two first run movies and it cost a total of $13.50 for the two of us,  That is a super deal.  Plus you can bring whatever food you desire, our chosen grub was Sonic (the onion rings were god awful, but that is a different story.)The only downside to the place is the surrounding lights.  The lights in the background make can make the screen a little dim.Oh, and to the people that get their late.  If you park in front of someone please do your best to park and take your foot off of the brake as soon as possible.  Someone arrived about five minutes late and for the next teen minutes I had their taillights shining in my front window.
5	Yesterday, I went to the drive-in for the very first time. We originally were going to go to town square to see the opening for World War z but missed the opening, and the only other movie time in town was at the drive in. I really was surprised at how cheap it was and by how much more comfortable being in the car was. The lot was paved into small hills so your could be pointing straight up at the movie. I read people complaining about how far the bathroom was. Okay, so go to the bathroom before you leave the house. I read people complaining about how the burgers weren't very good. Okay, well go to Taco Bell, McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Subway, or a gas station before you go in. You can find any of those restaurants really close to the theater. The audio was perfect and you could turn it up as high or low as you wanted. I went at 1 am, so I didn't have to deal with children, and it was not busy at all for being the opening night of the movie. It was a really beautiful night even though it's summer now, very nice, cool and breezy. I just looooved the place!
1	Last night I had THE WORST movie experience of my life. I'm better off just listing everything one by one1. The wait to get into this place was probably longer than any concert I've ever been to. You would've thought there was a celebrity inside or something. I was with my sister and we were in our car waiting for 50 minutes to get in. There is only one way out and its forwards thru the cashier's booth at the end so we were stuck with no option but to keep moving forward. 2. Despite arriving early before the movie was supposed to even show we decided to stay (since we waited so long) and watch the last half of the movie until the next showing. The only reason we did this was because the drive GETTING OUT was just as bad as getting in. 3. There is no organization whatsoever as far as the layout goes, drive roads, or overall theater layout. The theaters were so packed close together that I could hear the dialogue from every single movie playing. We were that close to each other. 4. In the same note, parking in the theater lot was next to impossible because the space was not properly utilized. It was a free for all parking scenario. Drive thru's when I was a kid had properly marked spots (like any parking lot) this place had none.  Once we parked we basically got locked in behind an enormous van that blocked half the screen. Not only should the theater lots should be properly marked but should probably be on a sloop to ensure everyone can see the screen. 5. At the end of the first showing (which we missed half of, remind you) as soon as cars started leaving we moved closer to the screen to ensure a better view. Awesome, right? WRONG! Didn't matter where we parked because there were screaming, yelling children running amok. the noise level from neighbor cars was just outright annoying not to mention we could still hear the noise from the other movies. Should there not be walls, gates or something acting a sound barrier between each theater? 6. The second showing of the movie was supposed to start at 10:30 (because we had missed the first half of the first showing we were going to stay and wait to see the second showing) but it didn't start till about 11:20 and even then we had no warning until 11:10 We had the station they played the audio for the movie on the whole time. Between movies they played indie which is fine but it wasn't until 11:20 that we got an announcement on the radio from the theater employees saying they sorry for the inconvenience but because there were people still waiting to get in the theater that the movie would be starting late.7. About the last 20 minutes of the film it just cut off. NOTHING no MOVIE! The screen went completely blank and people started honking like crazy. Understandable, however, extremely annoying. It did start back up again after a few minutes but at the beginning of the previews then it went back out again. 8. At that point we decided to just leave. As we drove silently away we became very confused as to where the exit was because people apparently were parked in the poorly paved/marked road that led to the exit. We had to drive our car thru a labyrinth of parked cars, people in seats and children running around. Of course we got dirty looks from people because.Even with the cheap ticket prices (they only take cash) double feature options (which we didn't use but were excited to know about going in) and the comfort of our own car and snacks (we never bothered with the concession stand, we're not that adventurous) there was absolutely NO redeeming qualities and I would not suggest going to this place unless they do a complete overhaul of EVERYTHING.
4	We took five people to a double feature of first-run for under $30, that's really hard to beat.  Refreshments are much cheaper than your average theatre.  It's a bit disorganized and  depending on when you get there you might get a suboptimal parking spot but we had a great time.
4	I am absolutely a huge fan of the West Wind Drive IN.  As one of the last standing drive in movies in the entire country I think we as local residents should do more to show these guys some love.  They have put a ton of money into renovations and there is still room for improvement but where else can you take a family of four out have snacks be comfortable watch two movies and have family time for around $25.00??? Hmm?  NO WHERE. If you budget well you can bring your own popcorn, hit up the dollar store for candy and pay for the movies without going broke. If you haven't been to the West Wind in a while you woe it to yourself to go. When my family does take their own snacks we either make a donation or at least buy our ice cream from the concession stand because we want them to stay in business. If you sign up for their emails you hear about all of the great deals ahead of time. It is safe, clean and fun for everyone.  Old school family entertainment never goes out of style.  It is even better when a large group of friends or neighbors go.  Try it!!!
5	5 em effin stars. That's right! I remember when my fella and I first started dating he would always suggest the drive in when it was his turn to pick a date spot, but we never ended up going. Fast forward over three years later, we finally made it out to the drive-in. We were looking for something different to do on a Saturday night and this seemed like an interesting option. I wasn't expecting much, but we had an excellent time. We brought snacks and drinks and found our way to the movie we wanted. I was blown away by how cheap and fun this place is. It was different than the drive-ins I had been to as a kid. They have multiple screens showing first run movies, which is awesome. We ended up staying for the double feature, which is well worth it for the price. Some people go all out with speakers, lounge chairs, blankets and pillows. I might plan for that next time, but we were nice and snuggly in my medium size SUV, which gave us plenty of room to be comfortable.I honestly can't wait to come back again soon and bring a pillow or two just to make the evening that much more comfortable.
5	I absolutely adore this theater!  I have lived in Vegas for almost 20 years and this year was the first time I had actually managed to get out to it and I'm glad I did!  It has made my kids' summer super enjoyable because we can see two movies for the price of one (except on new releases, which is still okay!).  One of the things I love the most, too, is they'll get new releases a day before it's supposed to be released, so we were able to take our kids to see Despicable Me 2 a day before everyone else and be able to watch it in the comfort of our own truck.  I'm also partial to their popcorn now, I swear it's the best out of all of the theaters I've been to.  The only downfall is it's on the complete opposite side of town where we live, and it's right next to the North Las Vegas airport so, depending on which screen you're at, you have to try to, occasionally strain to hear the movies over the helicopters.  Worth it to me, though, with the prices of movies lately.
5	I have tried to convince my girl to go to the drive-in since we first met. Maybe my intentions weren't as pure to begin with but I really do like this place. I forgot how much until we recently came for a double feature and we can't wait to go back again really soon. We brought our own snacks and drinks and next time we need to remember our pillows. Great family fun.
5	I didn't know these things exist. A really cool experience. I wish my car was more comfortable but I highly recommend this for a date. My girlfriend was very happy! She loved the whole experience.
5	I love the drive-in's!! Growing up in upstate NY this is what we went to during the summer time. It brings me back to the days where I was a carefree teenager picking up my friends in my Grand AM GT, stuffing two of them in my trunk just because we could. I loved the drive-in's then and I love them now.Fast forward a few years to the summer of 2008 when I first moved here. I was going to culinary school thinking I was the shit and loved living the "vegas life". After a few months I needed something to remind me of home. I thought humm I wonder if they have drive-in's in the desert? Hot damn, they DID, and it was here that I found!!!! So I grabbed about 15 of my culinary friends, whom had never been and headed out there. We brought air mattresses to put in the back of their trucks, beer, snack, and went in our pi's, I swear I felt like I was a kid....a kid that could drink beer....but still a kid. Man I had so much fun that summer coming here and so did my friends. NOW in 2013 I still come here but now with my husband, I pack up a pick nick sort of meal and we have our date nights here. We are trying to be frugal with our money so this is great because it's only (drum roll please) $6.50 a person FOR TWO MOVIES!!!!! YEAH go ahead and read that again! SUCH a good price. I have been coming here for 5 years now and I will continue to come here. (I only have to remember to take a nap because I'm such a grandma I fall asleep during the 2nd movie. LAST but not least, be sure to be here early, It's nice to get the good parking spots, specially if you are going to bring your kids.
5	Nothing like it in Vegas!  A must see. Make sure to hit up a double feature. Great snack bar with free refills on large popcorn. Listen to the movie on your car speakers for perfect sound.  Make sure to go when it is cooler because it was be miserable mid Summer.
4	totally looove  the drive-in!  everytime, I tell my friends about the drive-in here, they don't believe me... fine!  I'm keeping to myself! lol.   j/k   we have seen sooo many scary movies here! it's SO great!  I love their set up and access! they have good popcorn (which can be addicting! lol)  it's has a nice set up for snacks, drinks, etc... I've been able to bring my own lil snacks, their guidelines are prettysimple. just keep it clean I say!oh! just be sure to sign up on their site for promos and go in the middle of the week...   wish D-land would be that easy!!!   lol!!!   now, when I get my new radio installed, I'll be baaack!
4	I love this place, with all it's divey charm. They have first run movies, and instead of paying $10-$11 bucks per movie, you can pay $6.75 and see two. No more sneaking a bottle of popcorn and a snack into the theater in your purse; the drive-in employees could not care less. People bring pizza, coolers with beer, and basically have a picnic. Oh, you want popcorn? They've got that at the concession stand, along with all your other movie standards. The prices for snacks are actually pretty reasonable compared to the regular theater as well. My friend and I like to pull out our camp chairs and park them in front of the car when the weather's nice, which appears to be a common thing to do. Lots of families show up to partake of the cheap movies, and kids hang out in their pajamas. It's actually a pretty good place to take the kiddies; they have a playground, kids can  get up and move a bit without anyone being bothered, they can talk without really disturbing anyone else, since you aren't all just on top of each other. The only negatives: Not the best neighborhood in town, though the drivein itself seems perfectly fine. Next to a small airport. Helicopters flying overhead may occasionally make it hard to hear bits of your movie. It's a drivein, so although they have digital projection, it's still not necessarily the best picture.In my opinion, it's worth going. It's good old fashioned fun for both adults and kids, and one of the best deals in Vegas.
5	I love this drive-in. They have 6 big screens playing two movies back-to-back, and I like how they usually start with the children's movie first if it's tied in with an adult movie. It's better to go after Summer time, perfect for lounging at the back of mini-van. You can bring in your own food as well which was a big deal for us.
5	My first time ever in a drive in theater. I absolutely love this place. This place is cheaper than any movie theater in town. Well, except dollar cinema on Tropicana. But the seats are nasty over there. Tip: Bring a large trash bag to cover the seats. How can you say no to big ol' screen with your favorite movie and comfortable seats (your car) and good sounds, if your car has a good stereo system. You could also fart comfortably, burp with no worries and talk during the movie. You could also bring your own food and sneak couple of your friends in the trunk too. No, please don't.  I was just kidding. If you want some privacy and chill and watch some movies. Then this is a perfect place for you. The bathroom is also super clean and staff are super chill and friendly.
5	Fun night enjoying a movie in the comfort of your own car. Buy 1 movie get 1 free!! That's right, 2 for 1 ... each screen plays two movies back to back.Would love to try this place out on a summer night!Tailgating party!!!!You drive in and purchase tickets ($4/person ??? ) super cheap and you pull up to the screen that's playing your movie and tune to the radio station that will stream the audio... We had no problem getting a good spot (these screen are huge)only thing I would suggest is to hope for the screen not facing the street as the huge light from the casino across the property causes a dimmed effect on the screen
5	You can't beat the price, or the movie selection.our favorite drive-in by far!
2	Was excited to go see the drive in movies tonight but there are a few things that will keep me from going again.The positives: inexpensive, comfy in the car, wore my jammies, took our own snacks and drinks, and fairly good sound system with the radio. The negatives: --if your car rides low, look out - if you don't angle it right trying to find your spot to watch the movie, your car will scrape the hills and grades. YIKES. Cars were traversing to not scrape the underside of the car. You can see where cars have leveled the tops of those mounds and ridges. Nerve-wracking to say the least. --we also were a little confused if we were in the right movie. Our movie didn't have barrels with the number to let us know we were in the right place. --the popcorn was cold and stale and tasteless.--not the best movie screen or quality. --very confusing how to get out of the place when the movie is over. There were no exit signs. Cars were just turning around and driving back up the mounds and hills.--mainly I was afraid we were going to damage the underside of the car. If you have your lights on, the shadow makes the hills and mounds seem steeper. Some mounds are steeper than others. The cheap price is not worth worrying about all that. I grew up going to drive in movies and have been them in different cities and states. None had that horrible drive trying to find your spot or when leaving.
5	The best time in my life as a kid and now as an adult for my kids!!! Awesome place it will never get old
4	I love taken my son here and he watched the first movie, and he passes out and usually they have an adult based movie for the second feature. Its reasonably priced and its right down the road from my house so that is always a plus as well. Its a fun family night activity.
4	I had a really great time here. I'm so not used to being able to talk during a movie, I still found myself "shush"ing my little siblings--lol! Basically, there are 2 ticket booths that you drive up to. After you decide on the movie you want to watch, they give you your receipt (which has the radio station you tune into for the movie of your choices audio). I came on a Thursday night, so it was $6.75 for everyone 11+ and $1.00 everyone younger than 11. Such a great deal, even before considering the fact that you get to watch two movies! After we got our receipt, the worker told us which screen to pull up to. The screens are HUGE, pictures don't really do them justice. They're a little bit wider than a standard billboard. We parked with our SUV's trunk facing toward the screen, and we had it set up with blankets, stuffed toys, and pillows. Hands down THE most comfortable I've ever been during a movie. We also brought our own food and drinks, and if you're bringing food covered in wrappers, I would suggest bringing a plastic bag for trash.The actual quality of the movie is way better than I anticipated. There was a hole in the screen that we had, but the worker warned us before-hand (thumbs up for that one). Apparently the wind knocked it down. Luckily, it didn't effect the movie at all, as the hole was all the way on the top right of the screen.Although this drive-in is 14 miles from where I live, I would definitely come here for every movie I watch. Great for family nights and date nights. Or maybe even if you just hate sitting alone or being cramped next to strangers in theaters, lol.
5	As surprised as I was upon hearing that there was a drive-in theater in Vegas, I was even more surprised to find out how cheap it was!They charge by person, so $6.50 per adult gets you in and sometimes they offer double-features at no extra cost. So for the astounding price of $13 my girlfriend and I were able to peep the new 300 movie and Schwarzenegger's new flick Sabotage. It's funny to think that this is the same price of one ticket to any regal cinema. Crazy!Upon arriving, the line to get in wasn't very long and moved pretty swiftly. Depending on which screen you will be viewing, the concession stand and bathrooms could be a bit of a hike. They offer the usual movie snackage such as hot dogs (one for $3.25), popcorn, sodas, etc. The beauty of this drive-in theatre is bringing your own refreshments and seating! A lot of people brought tailgating supplies and such which seemed like the way to go. One couple even brought and set up their own rocking swing! 'Twas quite romantic.
3	I give this location 3 stars. Caution you can mess your car up driving in all these pot holes & rocks. It was nice to go to a throw back movie drive in. You just don't see these anymore. With that being said not enough love went into this location.  Things could be better. The food is over priced yet somehow I did manage to over all enjoy myself.
2	This is a good location to take the kids to a tailgate movie. The location is rundown and poorly managed and maintained. The customer service is actually great from all of the employees from the ticket counter, to the concessions. The problem is the old fat manager that stands in the driveway yelling at kids and customers. He is a rude jackass that needs to go to his office and keep his mouth shut. He publicly berates employees, and this is greatly unappreciated.He needs to spend more time focused on maintenance and cleanliness. The quality of the food needs to be improved. It doesn't even meet the low standards of Regal or AMC.
4	I am giving five stars to the manager and 1 star to the nasty red hair girl that was up front selling tickets.So we got to the drive, which we go every Tuesday for family night, they inform us that the cc machine is broken I had $12 in cash so we were fine. But I asked about the concession stand since we hadn't eaten dinner and my little one would freak out if there was nothing to eat. I was informed the cc machine was working in the concession. So went to get food, the cc machine was down they had nothing under $2. So I went up front asked if I could leave to get something for my son the lady so oh yes that is fine. So I ran back to ask my son what he wanted. So I go to leave there is a different girl so I reiterate hey leaving to get food by right back. I am stopped but this attitude face, "you need to go talk to my manager" um I was told I could I have a screaming kid in my car he just needs to eat "don't care talk to my manager". Complete attitude, at this point I break. I get it the night sucks, I know screaming kid remember, but wipe the attitude off your face I can see it. So I go marching to find the manager, sorry but once you give me attitude when I more then understanding and planned on walking my butt to get food. What is it costing you for me doing that? So that's the bad part, then I met James the manager. He was having a tough night I get it, but he was very understanding that she should not have had an attitude with me. And even made me feel bad because he then apologized said he would speak to her and asked what my son needed. He gave me free popcorn and water. I didn't go looking for free food, just the ability to get my son something to eat and inform him that his worker was being very rude to customers. I Am very thankful that someone as nice and understanding as him was working because my night was basically about to end horribly and he turned it around. Thank you James!
5	I really enjoy going to the movies here. The prices are much lower than what you would pay elsewhere to see a movie in Las Vegas, and often you are paying to see a double feature!As you would expect with an older facility and lower prices, things are a little run down. Most of the screens are just fine, some are slightly backlit by local light pollution (such as the fiesta casino). I personally have never been bothered by it.Make sure that you take whatever vehicle you have access to with the highest ground clearance - the parking spots are angled for a good viewing experience, and this can make driving with cars low to the ground sometimes sketchy.I've really enjoyed this drive in and have both taken and recommended it to friends. Definitely a great family spot, a good value for a fun experience!
4	I've lived in Vegas my whole life, so I've been here quite a few times.  My only complaint is that it really needs to be updated. I don't mind the dirt lot because that's part of the experience, but the last time I went, the snack bar didn't look inviting and the bathrooms weren't  clean.Other than that, you can't beat the price and the experience, if you weren't lucky enough to have lived when drive ins were popular.
4	Went last week to the drive in's. haven't been to a drive ins in over 20 years! Brought back a lot of good memories. Wasnt too packed which I like from the drive in. They now play the movies through the car radio....much better. The snack shop was good, not great but good. It only cost $10 for the two of us! An absolute steal! Definitely going back!
5	Awesome place to see movies cheap. Sound plays through your car radio, so sound quality is awesome.  Get there a little early to get a good spot and to avoid waiting in line for the earlier movies though.
5	We love the drive in.
5	I've been coming here for years and for someone who gets upset when people talk or play on their phone in a theater this is the perfect solution. The price is outstanding and the sound is awesome. Some of the screens are darker than others and you take a crap shoot when going to see a movie as they don't list which screen each movie is playing on (this would be super helpful). This is my go-to Friday night chill out activity and I've never had a bad experience. I cannot really comment on the concession stand as I've never used it. All in all a great experience, consistently.
5	Tuesday night is the BEST!!!! You get in for only $5 which is awesome;) hello two movies for five a person is PERECT!!!! Great, idea IF you are NOT sure that you wanna see the movie but still kinda:)
5	I love this place. It's cheaper then a regular theater and all the showings are double features. The prices are $7 for adults and $1 for kids under 11. You get your tickets and the cashier tells you what screen to go to and what radio station to tune into for the audio. Yes the audio comes from the radio. It's pretty cool. Find yourself a nice spot, park, and tune your radio to specified station. Easy peasy.  You can bring your own food and drink but they do have a snack bar with typical movie theater snacks. The prices are most definitely cheaper cause I got a large popcorn and a big water for $9. At the theaters the large popcorn is almost $9 by itself. My bf got the super nachos and they were pretty disgusting so I would stay away from those. They are just like the nachos from 7-11 but 3x the price. No thanks. I like the drive in cause it's a lot more social than the regular theater. I usually bring some lawn chairs and a few friends and we sit outside and enjoy the show.  The movies don't start until at least 8pm so by that time the sun is down and sitting outside is bearable in the summer. I don't even have to keep my car on because I can usually hear the sound from everyone else's cars. Once I was there and someone brought a wireless speaker and set it outside so everyone could enjoy. I love not having to use the battery if I don't have to. I've seen people keep their car running the whole time which to me is stupid but to each their own. Oh and one time my battery died and I just found someone who worked there and they used this jump start thing it was super cool and it started right away. So no worries if that happens to you. If you haven't been do yourself a favor and check this place out.
3	Went here last night for the first time last night... Took forever to get in, then another customer decided to get into a fight with us because they didn't want us parked next to them, it was hard to hear parts of our movie because we could hear the movie that was playing next to us, and the helicopters flying around were really distracting. BUT the prices were VERY reasonable for admissions and if you wanted condensations (plus we had coupons)
5	Overall: Best way to see a movie...periodDetails:- $7 per person every day except Tues when the price is $5 per person. Great deal on popcorn too. $5 for tube of popcorn that includes free refills. Prices can't be beat.- Set up an air mattress in the back of my pickup truck and the experience was like watching a movie in bed. Only recommendation is to get an old school FM radio from Walmart since there are radio stations that broadcast the movies' audio.
4	This was my 1st visit to a drive-in so I really didn't know what to expect. I had driven by this place thousands of times before when heading home from work and never thought to check it out until now. I like that most movies are double features so you can see 2 movies for the price of 1, at a very affordable price of $7 per person. Because I didn't know what to expect I figured we would just sit in the car...bad idea in this summer heat! Even with the windows down, I felt drenched in sweat halfway through the movie. I would recommend bringing chairs so you can sit outside your vehicle unless you have a truck or are rich enough to run your engine and A/C for an entire 2 hour movie. The parking area in front of the screens are dirt but there are raised mounds for you to park which kind of prevents your view from being blocked...of course unless there's a huge truck parked in front of you...When you pull onto the property there are separate lines at the ticketing booths depending on which movie you're seeing. Once you pay for your tickets, you'll receive a receipt indicating which screen it's playing on and what FM radio station you need to tune in to that movie. You're allowed to bring whatever food and drinks you want as long as it doesn't involve a grill or alcohol, but they still have a full service concession stand in case you're too lazy to pre-plan. The pricing at the concession stand seemed pretty reasonable since it was slightly lower than traditional "indoor" movie theaters but I still didn't get anything since we had plenty of food with us already. The restrooms are also located by the concession stand, as are a handful of arcade games in case you have kids or want to kill sometime before your next movie starts. We ended up leaving within the 1st 20 min of our 2nd film because it just was too hot to get comfortable. While I will still prefer a traditional theater over this one for my movies, it really is an interesting concept and it's tons more affordable so I'm sure I'll be back many more times in the future.
5	Our family always gas a good time here. Great place to spend a warm vegas evening in the summer. The prices are reasonable for the whole car load. We usually bring our own food and adult beverages which makes the night more relaxing.  Oh yeah this place is converted to all digital picture and sound so you will not be disappointed with the theater experience.The Staff could use some help not a very friendly or helpful attitude, but you do not have to interact with them if you don't want. ENJOY!!
5	I'm from CA and wish they had more of these theatres around. Great first experience! Bought a bunch of inexpensive food there and everything was pretty good! Definitely cheaper than regular theatres. Staff was pretty nice as well. This will be our main theater now in Vegas for the most part :).
5	Great place to watch a movie, cheaper than regular movies and you can bring own food, beer and snacks to enjoy.  We brought lawn chairs and a cooler when the weather was nice and it makes a perfect movie date night.  Go early so you can get a good spot.  They do have double features so keep that in mind when you bring food/drink.  We finished our food during the first movie and checked out concessions for the second movie but nothing looked too appealing.
5	I absolutely love this place. It is super quaint & unique. This is such a fun experience and the prices are super cheap (especially on family fun night when the price is $5/per person)! I will admit that the place is a bit run down and it's not in the greatest part of town, but it's still pretty awesome!
1	they refuse to tell me the radio station I needed to listen to in order to watch my movie and they refused to give me a refund because I could not hear the movie. there is no management that can help you, and employees working say that that is their policy and if I don't like it, too bad.needless to say I will be spending my money elsewhere and I advise everyone to do the same.businesses should be made to understand that if it's not for the customer spending their money they will be out of business.
5	I seriously love this place. I come here all the time with my boyfriend and it's always a great experience. We even went for Valentine's day once and they gave me a rose which I thought was beyond cute c:  movie prices are really good and their concession? stand has really good food for a great price. Yup this place is amazing
5	We love coming in two movies for the whole family for what it costs for a single ticket at AMC or Edwards.  The food is also reasonably priced not a gouge like the aforementioned chain theaters.  Do yourself a favor go see all you movies here !!
5	My favorite movie spot in town for 15 years. You can expect digital quality . Great staff and they have a playground for the kiddos. Just make sure you have your antenna on your car =p. ,7 bucks a person. Kids $1 toddlers are free. Tuesday's adults are discounted to $5 .. in the winter ,$2  on Tuesday. Enjoy
5	This place is by far the absolute best way to see a movie in Vegas. I'll never go to another over crowded, over priced and excessively annoying theater ever again. I remember watching movies this way as a kid with my parents, 3 other siblings and our station wagon. Everything about this place brings those memories back and it's thrilling to make new and lasting memories for my 4 year old. If you have young children then you really shouldn't take your children to see a movie anywhere else. I used to take my kidlet to the 2 dollar theater on Pecos and Tropicana. That way, if my kid started crying or something I'd just leave without feeling like I just lost my rent money on a slot machine because I just paid full price for a movie. West Wind is far better because you're in the comfort and privacy of your own vehicle. Your seats recline, the sound is as good as your system and if your kid acts up you can just roll up the windows and let them cry their little hearts out as the sound is muffled and not disturbing your neighbors. However, if they are getting more worked up than you care to deal with then you can always take them to the onsite playground near the concession stand. There are also video games in the concession area for older kids. The concession is well lit, well stocked, clean and organized. I purchased a medium pop-corn with extra butter, one medium drink, one small drink, two King sized candies and a tub of cotton - candy (which had a strange bitter after taste, so I absolutely do not recommend it lol but its not fresh or anything it is prepackaged and absolutely the manufacturers fault), which was just over $17.00. Not bad at all! Sadly, there were only 5 other vehicles watching the Penguins movie and probably a total of 30 vehicles at all 5 screens. As a kid, I remember the drive in being packed and my parents driving round and round the many rows of cars seeking that perfect spot.I was told by the nice lady at the concession that this place has been open for 50 years and I hope it'll be for many more to come. Honestly, anyone that sees a movie anywhere but here is a dumba$$. Can I say that here?  ;)Maybe if you absolutely MUST see the movie in 3D, then ok, go to a theater...but for any other reason...I suggest that you slap the dumba$$ that you're sure to find every time you look in a mirror. *Tip* When you pull in make sure you pull up to the pay booth that's lit regardless of what movie you're there to see. Also, the lanes on each side of the pay booth will be simultaneously opened so if there's a car in front of you when you arrive pull into the lane parallel to it. I was the second vehicle to arrive, which was 10 mins before 5pm. I noticed the board with Penguins on it was above the booth next to the one that was lit so I moved over and the idiot behind me followed suit. A young girl appeared and advised that we'd have to get back in the first lane, so the idiot behind me decided to reverse and hurry himself into the second place position behind the car that I was originally behind. At 5pm they opened the chains to allow everyone in and the attendant motioned the vehicle behind me to get in the lane next to me, so instead of being 2nd in, I was 5th in. Not that it matters since there was enough room to fit a small cruise ship lolOh and I bet you'll never believe this so you're gonna have to see your next movie here to confirm, but the restrooms here are SUPER freaking clean and smell like Mary Poppins just scrubbed it with a magical spoon full of sugar. Amazing! And one last thing...I recommend stopping at the concession before finding your spot so you don't have to juggle it all back through the dark.
4	The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they really need to repair those lots.Lots of potholes.Not good if you have a low car.Otherwise I love it! 7 dollars a person for 2 movies is a great deal and the snack bar is also very reasonable.Also, it's not a good idea to come in the middle of summer unless your rich and can afford to run your ac the whole time.
4	I am so happy this drive-in is just a few minutes from my house. It's cool that they can also sell you popcorn while you're in your car. They have a great staff, ready and willing to help out. The films are always current.
5	ha! this place just keeps getting better! so...I've been here 3 more times since my very first visit, which was Sunday the 7th of December, 2014. That's 4 times in just under 2 weeks! We saw The Penguins of Madagascar, Guardians of the Galaxy, Big Hero and tonight we went to see Annie! I have discovered since my first visit that you don't have to go into the Concession, because you can order from your phone and they'll bring it to your car! If the booth attendant at the entrance doesn't hand you a menu just ask for one. I'm not sure why some of the other reviewers complain about the screens being too close. It's really not that big of a deal. I call those types ED's...as in Easily Distracted. Just don't look at the other screens. Duh. BUT! I've actually found the nearness of the screens to be a bit of a blessing. We normally get there a little early and if the screen next to me isn't a movie I actually plan on seeing then I'll scan the stations and listen in on that movie until mine begins. It's like watching a preview imo. There are only two things about the drive-in that I'd like to see improved upon or changed.1.) A better system of marking the pathways, entrances and exits to each screen. Although, I'm not sure what could be done to make it better as the layout in general doesn't appear to be the easiest to work with. 2.) Get rid of that cotton candy.Seriously...management should send all those buckets of cotton candy back to the manufacturer and demand a return of money due to their incompetence and failure to provide an edible product. Take a bite and I've no doubt you'll agree. It's like swallowing baking powder. Not in terms of texture, but taste! It's bitter. It's nasty.
