3	This is a fine place if you take it for what it is.  They have cheap food and cheap drinks.  The beer selection is okay, not the largest I've seen but large enough.  For some reason they don't turn the light on in their beer cooler so you might miss the fact that they have a pretty good selection of bottled beer to go with the 5 or 6 beers on tap.  The food is not exceptional but good bar food and very cheap.  The wings are delicious.My main complaint is the staff, they are somewhat friendly but tend to forget about you while they wrap themselves up with whatever friends have stopped by to visit the bar.  You might sit there for 6-8 drinks and have great service and then poof, the bartenders disappear to go hang out with their buddies and you don't see them for 20 mins.  My other complaint with the staff is they can't really answer any questions about what they have, for instance if you ask if they have a porter they give you a strange look and then run through what they have on tap a few times.  The bartenders don't really know what various kinds of beers are which can be frustrating if you're looking for something in particular.
3	Nice quaint averaged sized place. It is your typical bar/restaurant with no real unique qualities.  The beers were ice cold and they do offer very good daily specials. Not a lot of places Uptown offer specials like this. We didn't try any of the food but it looked like an excellent selection of burgers and other bar type things. I will definitely make a trip back here again to give the grub a shot. Also, they supposedly have a pretty good Sunday brunch. $4 mimosas.  Enjoy!PS  There is a breathalyzer on the wall that you can use to check your BAC before you leave.  Sweet!-Ian M.
4	Channel 70 Productions decided to break early for lunch since we'd been up since the wee hours getting to our set and only been fortified with a bag of McGriddles. Because it was early, few customers were present and service was fast. I had a PhillyBeef and it was nearly perfection. Not very comfortable seating keep the Corned Pub from receiving all five stars.
4	Food was spot-on and Lindsay took great care of us at the bar, even went to the trouble of finding out how to make my semi-obscure cocktail choice. There's free parking down the street, too. I'll definitely be back here.
4	Stopped by after a late night concert.  It was a Wednesday night, so understandably slow so not much to say about the customer atmosphere, but the bartender was very attentive if not completely friendly.  She took my drink and food order quickly and made sure I always had something to drink.  The food came up quickly and was delicious as was the Sweetwater IPA.  All in all it was a good experience and if I find myself in Charlotte again I will be sure to stop by.
5	They are awesome :)
3	Corner pub has more of a local bar type feel to it.  It's a good change of pace.  A good place to hang with frienfs
4	Great sports viewing scene!  Excellent service.
4	good bartenders, mediocre food. Very neighborhoody feel. Would definately go back! Great location is you live in 4th ward.
4	I went here this past week (Halloween to be exact) and it was the first time I ate here. It was great! Honestly for a place called the Corner Pub I would think that they have greasy mediocre bar food, but nope the food here is really good!! I had their Cesar wrap and I loved it. Truly it was tasty! The Bar tender was awesome and there is a lot of seating. Only thing that I really don't like about this place is parking, good luck! Unless there is a lot close by that I don't know about the street is the only option, and it's tiny and difficult to find a spot. Over all though I truly had a nice time and I will go back :)
3	This is an A-OK place, but nothing I would take visitors to see. It's a surprisingly clean place for being called a Pub - not dark, dirty &  dingy which I typically would think of when I hear the word Pub. They have a few tv's above the bar for sporting games, a pretty good draft selection, a very "local" feeling and the service is decent. The only drawback to this place is the area around the bar is not very big - kinda long and skinny so trying to make your way to the restrooms at one end of the bar is kind of a sneak & squeeze through the crowd type of game. *The best tip about this place: there is usually a ton of open street parking nearby
4	I started going here to watch football on Sunday's with friends.  It is nice location, with 2 bars, and it is usually not too crowded, which is the biggest plus.  It is definitely a nice place to go when you want to change things up and go to a smaller bar, rather than go to a more crowded bar uptown.
5	I love this place.  There is a dickhole that is internationally lowering thinks place.   He seems like a bitch
4	Happy Hour staple...house wine 1/2 price on Tuesdays.  Ordered pizza to go...chicken BBQ...I loved it!  Thin crust, flavorful toppings...Bartenders are fantastic! Cozy bar.
5	Super cold beers. Great selection on draft and bottles. Upbeat tempo. Super cool spot to stop at and enjoy a beer and some good viddles!
