4	While my mom was in town, we treated ourselves to a little froyo and while we were walking around we realized how fugly our toes looked. We both declared that we were overdue for a pedicure. Good thing Nails & Spa on Selwyn is just a short jaunt from Yoforia! Mom and I rolled in there on a Saturday afternoon, without an appointment, and went with the deluxe pedicure. For $30, this sweet pedi includes with paraffin treatment, an exfoliator, masque, hot towel treatment, and of course, the polish of your choosing. BTW - the difference between the basic pedi and the upgraded "deluxe" was only $4 per person. Totally worth it. The staff there were friendly, but quiet - which I didn't really mind as I was there chatting with my mama. It also states on their website and in the shop that they offer complimentary refreshments with every service. We weren't offered a refreshment, which is not a huge deal but I probably would have enjoyed a bottle of water if available. We chose our polishes (they have a large variety of OPI & Essie) and were directed to the massage chairs seated above the pedicure basins. Before the nail tech even started, I was supremely enjoying the massage chair. Who doesn't love a massage chair? The deluxe pedicure itself was very nice. The tech was very thorough and I loved the extra goodies that came with the deluxe package. The paraffin treatment was probably my favorite. As for the finished product, my feet and toes felt super soft and looked perfectly polished. I took a brief view at their spa menu and it looks like they offer other services like waxing and facials, too. As an FYI - they only accept cash or checks here, and they do have an ATM inside the nail salon. They have a prominent sign on the door advising of this to all of us who never carry cash. That would be me. Since my pedicure is still holding strong, one week later, and this nail salon uses a new buffer and file every time (which they give to you afterwards), my toes may walk over here again for another deluxe pedicure in the near future.
4	I just rode by Nails & Spa on Selwyn, there is a large banner up for $25 mani/pedi.  I love $25 mani/pedi!! Go now, who knows who long the banner will fly.
4	I went in yesterday and found out the scoop.  They have a manicure/pedicure special on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursdays. $28 plus $1 if you don't bring your little baggie with your file and buffer. Clean and modern, very friendly.We should have a pedicure party, to all men who have never had a pedicure, they trim your toenails , scrub the dead skin off your feet and massage your legs and feet. Duh, it's awesome and your feet also look great.
3	This place was cool.  I went on a Thursday afternoon and there was no wait.  Complimentary glass of wine to start of my spring break!  My pedi looks great, I just wish they had more of a leg massage.  25 for a basic pedi and 30 for a deluxe.  Not bad.
5	Clean and sanitized extremely well that's why I come here! Not to mention ventilation is awesome, never smell chemicals. I get my mani pedi and etc done by jennifer :) she's awesome! I like the chairs mucho theyre by far the best chairs I've sat in as far as pedicure chairs. Quiet and relaxed. Love them!
5	Best pedicure ever! The place is nice and clean, they sanitize and clean everything. They are never in a rush, I hate a 20 minute pedicure. The deluxe is the way to go, for a few extra bucks you get a lot more scrubbin, rubbin and pampering. They also serve beer/wine!
4	Friendly staff. A glass of wine. Great job. Nice decor. Who could really ask for more.   However, the nail polish did not last as long as it should.
5	Check out my reviews and you will realize that this is the only nail place that I have given anything higher than one star. This is the place that set my standard... It is comfortable, clean and cool... The massage chairs are in great shape, all of the staff have been properly trained and you can still get in and out in a decent amount of time... I always get the deluxe mani-pedi and it is worth it... Paraffin wax, exfoliation, hot towels, massages, wine... AND the best part? Your nails still look like they were professionally done DAYS and DAYS later... I swear, I've tried to go to other places and I am over it... Unless I am out of town or it's a bridesmaid thing, I will never go to another nail shop... All I get from them are major disappointments... Here?  Nothing but the best quality and a purely relaxing experience... *Make sure to take cash since they do not take plastic!  They do have an ATM, but who wants to pay for fees?**Closed on Mondays**
4	I LOVE this nail salon. Clean! Clean! Clean! Even the bathrooms! They do a wonderful job on my toes and fingers and I always leave feeling pretty and special. I've been to A LOT of nail salons in charlotte and this one is my favorite.
4	Great spot! The staff are extremely friendly and attentive to their work. They not only provide a variety of services, but offer drinks during your services..and are open on Sundays, a definite plus! I enjoyed the cleanliness of their products and the overall service, from two of the four sisters that work there..a definite family run treat! The one thing I will note, cash or check only! Not a problem for me, but was for two other clients there today, however there is an ATM close. Check this place out, we'll worth it!
4	My first experience here was awesome!  They seriously have the most amazing massage chairs I've ever found.  I did the deluxe pedi and it was heaven!  All of the staff was very friendly, and my tech, Amy, was top notch!  I was a walk-in and she greeted me warmly and I was served immediately.  I didn't take advantage of their beverages, but I was offered one even though I had a cup of coffee with me.  The salon was clean, didn't smell of chemicals, and the decor was nice.  They have these 'curtains of beads" hanging from the ceiling and every time they go through them it makes this soft rain-like sound and they sparkle.  I thought it was a very creative touch.  I can't wait to go back here and enjoy more excellent pampering!
3	Their website is down and their phone rings a fax machine, so there isn't a way to contact them.  Are they still open?
5	I have been looking for a good nail salon since I moved to Charlotte and so happy that I found this place! Cindy was awesome!  It is reasonably priced and clean!!! I used Yelp to locate, do I am now committed to writing reviews!  True reviews!
4	I met a girlfriend here for a quick fill in and was very pleased with the service and location. Now, I'm what you would call "particular" about the places I get my nails and toes done. Perhaps it's because one too many times I have left unhappy and hurt. But that was not the case here. I loved the set up you walk in tell them what service you are looking for fill out a paper with your name and service and then select your color. And no worries--they have an excellent selection of colors (Opi, Morgan Taylor and Essie) for you to chose from! The staff were all very welcoming and as soon as you sit down you are offered your drink (soda, water, wine or beer...yep beer). Even though we went on a super busy afternoon I didn't feel rushed and was pleased with their attention to detail. My only gripe is their cash or check only policy. Ugh, I'm a plastic lover...I love to swipe (don't judge me) , but ain't happening here! So just prepared and stop at your ATM before you visit!But I was more than pleased with this place and would recommend anyone to check them out!
2	I am not sure why this place has such a great rating. The inside looks tacky and out of date. I walked in after work one day and I was sat down immediately (which was  great). I usually go to another nail salon but thought I would try it out since it was close to my work.I asked for a shellac manicure and wanted my nails filed some and squared off. Perhaps I got the wrong manicurist? I had to ask her THREE times to even my nails out. My left hand's nails looked completely different than my right hand's...even on the same hand some nails were way longer than others. I finally gave up when they looked somewhat normal.A few days later my gel manicure started peeling. I don't know if they weren't cured long enough or if she didn't get the edges?I will not return and will stay at my normal nail salon.
4	The decor may be lacking but is that really important? I don't think so. What matters is people taking pride in their job and doing it well. I got the NU-SKIN pedicure and it was great. I loved the hot towel. Their massage chairs hit all the right spots and they have a ton of colors to choose from.
4	I just had my first pedi here and this has now become my go to place. It is clean, they have a good selection of colors, the staff were nice and the chairs are great.  For $29 you can get a Deluxe Pedi which included scrubs, paraffin wax, hot towels, massage, etc. (regular pedi was $25). They only take cash or check and have an ATM inside.  I walked in (no appointment) right when they opened on a Saturday and had no wait. They do take appointments which I'm sure is needed for busy times/days.
1	I cannot wrap my brain around why anyone would go here. It is cramped, stuffy, and completely lacks in customer service. When I arrived with my mother for a manicure we were greeted by, um, no one. After figuring out-by ourselves-how to check in we took a seat next to the ATM. Yes, the ATM. Because this salon lives in the Stone Age and takes cash only which I found completely inconvenient seeing as I was charged to use it. After about 10 minutes a frazzled employee pointed to us to sit down for our manicure and then abruptly barked at us to "wait a second!". She then proceeded to give our seat to another woman-who came after us-and then continued painting yet another customer's toenails. Hmm? Maybe she was confused so we continue to wait thinking we will be taken care of soon. Nope. Another employee then escorts someone else who had arrived much later than us to a seat for her manicure. That was the last straw so we got up to leave. Did anyone try to clarify or offer an apology? Nope. Do yourself a favor and avoid this overrated, cramped, and rude "salon". I am!
5	Best value in Charlotte for a deluxe mani and/or pedi. I've had treatments from a majority of the staff and they were all very skilled. They do walk ins or appointments. They have plenty of pedicure thrones for those busy days or if you want to come with a group of friends.It is cash only (which I know can be annoying to some people) but they have an ATM in their shop.They do a great job with the paraffin, hot towels, exfoliating etc. When you arrive, go to the desk and get a slip of paper and check off what you want. Weird but efficient.I've taken many friends here for treatments and it's heavenly.
4	We had appointments, but didn't need one. Mani/pedi were decent. Bring cash, no cards accepted
4	Hands down the best value for a mani/pedi in Charlotte. Compared to other salons in Charlotte that rush you through your mani/pedi, Nails & Spa On Selwyn takes the time to truly pamper you. They offer a large selection of  OPI and Essie nail polishes along with gel polish by OPI. The employees are conversational, friendly, and funny. They also offer alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages during your service. I would recommend their Deluxe Pedicure which offers an exfoliating mud mask, paraffin, and hot towels. My feet are so happy afterwards! I highly recommend this place! I Of note, they do not accept credit card - cash or check only. There is an ATM available in the salon.
5	Stopped in on a weeknight for a gel mani and was seriously impressed. Cash only but my mani has lasted awhile without chips it was definitely worth it!
