1	Service this morning was abysmal. I changed locations this morning, running late in hopes that the drive-thru would be more speedy. Yeah, right.The line moved painstakingly slooooowwwww. When I got my coffee, it was barely 2/3 full, and the rest was all whipped cream. I ordered a Venti Vanilla Latte. I'm not going to pay five dollars for a cup full of whipped cream, I wanted the coffee. Last time I visit this location.
4	Okay, okay. I broke my promise, I returned! I was in a rush and the drive-thru seemed like a promising alternative. I drove up to the ordering board pessimistically, well knowing that my service this morning would be atrocious. Much to my surprise, the woman who took my order asked how my morning was, and she....THOUGHTFULLY responded to my reply! (This is a rare one in the drive-thru industry kiddos) After a few short minutes of waiting behind an Escalade far too large for the small driveway to pay for his coffee, I pulled up to the window. I received good coffee too! And smiling employees! I was in shock. Kudos for making improvements guys, keep it up.
4	This is my local Starbucks down the street and around the corner near my apartment. This location is very fast....has a friendly staff....and of course the half off Fraps from 3-5 pm are the best deal in town right now. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Okay so we all know what to expect from Starbucks. The selection is the same. So what it really comes down to is the staff. And this location happens to have superb staff. I always end up leaving this place with a smile on my face, regardless if I'm having a grumpy, frumpy morning. I'm sure the fact that I'm leaving with a giant cup of caffeine helps with that... but the people working the drive-thru are always quick with a smile and laugh, and seem to genuinely want to spread those smiles to the customer.
4	Great and speedy service, I would definitely go back again.
5	Got a white mocha frappaccino with caramel sauce blended in with an espresso shot!  It was amazing!
5	My store. They  know me, I know them. They treat me right. I go through sometimes to buy something as a treat for someone else and I say- make it beautiful it's a gift and they do! Awesome!!!
5	This location rocks. Consistently great service/coffee. This is not the closest Starbucks to my house but is officially my Starbucks. Whether I go in or order through the drive-through they give me my coffee fix. Great job!!!!
5	Like always.  Starbucks comes through with exceptional service.
1	The new reduced fat turkey bacon sandwich is TERRIBLE.  Why did you mess with a great thing?  The original with the whole wheat english muffin, egg whites and turkey bacon was so good.  I will never buy the new one again.....and probably will never buy any food items at Starbucks again.  Terrible.  Disappointing.  To add insult to injury, my husband's Veggie Egg sandwich was hard as a rock when we got home.  What a waste of money!  Pay attention to details and understand what your client's want.
4	I do like my Starbucks - I haven't been able to choose a favorite yet although today I tried the Grande Caramel Flan Latte with Soy milk and so far, it's better than the other drinks I have had - hope this one stays around for a while.
3	Today I just didn't like the chai tea latte...tasted watered down...didn't even drink half if it had to throw it out, just tasted gross
4	I go to this starbucks VERY often.  Most of the time the coffee is perfect. But everytime, the service is amazinf
4	I have been here 2 times. The staff are friendly and didn't have to wait long for my Carmel frap, my fav! Going to continue to come here.
5	This is the only drive-thru location on my way to work and it is usually pretty busy but they seem to get us through quickly (haven't been late yet!). They are always friendly and quick. Only once did I notice my drink wasn't quite sweet enough but I am kind of a sugar-holic when it comes to coffee. Maybe they were trying to do my pancreas a favor.
2	I come to this Starbucks at least 2 times a week because its very close to my house and I've been very disappointed every other time I come.  VERY INCONSISTENT. .Sometimes it tastes as it should (rarely) and the other times my frapp is WAY off.. I am a Starbucks junkie I go at least once a day (ones by my job) so I know what my drink is supposed to taste like. .I am not coming back to this location! I will drive one street over & go to the drive thru Starbucks on Bell rd. which has always been consistent in their drinks.. it really makes me upset that I waste almost $6 on a drink I can barely swallow so I Just waste it and pour down the sink.
5	I go this Starbucks at least 3 times a week, and Jim and Taylor always take care of. These girls are great. I don't go anywhere else. Everyone knows me by name and knows exactly how I like my drink. Exceptional customer service!
