5	Great spot for a cocktail try the Fizz Velvet my favorite drink on the menu. The lobster rolls are great also.
5	This place is amazing! The vibe was great! Staff was super helpful and nice. I didn't know there were that many types of champagne! Wow is an understatement. I cant get over the artwork on the walls. Definitely my kind of joint.
5	Beautiful decor...amazing service. Get the hercules cocktail if you like peanut butter...its amazing!!! Definitely will be back when my girls and I plan our next trip back to vegas.
5	Fizz was incredible.  The decor and service was very classy.  My bartender Justin was a perfect guide as my friends and I experienced Fizz for the first time.  I still remember the smell inside and it was calming and would def bring me back again, if not for the delicious drinks, but for the great collection of pop art.  Maybe one day I'll be able to buy a round of Fizz Deluxes.
5	Love this super exclusive and sexy ultra lounge. Decor is stylish and elegant. You get the feel that you are visiting Elton John's and David Furnish's private mansion. It will be the place for classy ladies and distinguished gentlemen to hang out. Great champagne cocktails and small plates. The lobster roll is a must.
5	Fizz is absolutely amazing. The decor is very upscale and the level of service is unprecedented. The staff is very welcoming and conversational, making you feel at home. The food and cocktails are incredible. They burn signature candles in the venue which provides a very stimulating sensory experience. A visit to Fizz is a must!
5	Amazing room. Gorgeous art and decor. Great staff and incredible drinks. A refreshing break from nightclubs. Drink price are great.
1	Couldn't tell you how it was, because it took too long for service. It wasn't busy, so after a few minutes of sitting around, we realized we could just get free champagne while we gambled. So that's what we did. Next time, Fizz.
2	I'm always cautious when visiting a place in its first few days of operation, but my trepidation over visiting FIZZ was overruled by my desire for a great glass of bubbly. As a solo drinker I found a seat rather quickly, but service was slow - the place WAS packed, though. Their champagnes by the glass menu was extensive, but also expensive when compared to my regular haunts like Laguna at Venetian. And honestly, for the price, I think Guy Savoy offers better selection. I finally settled on a mid priced glass, and then waited, and waited...and waited. I finally saw my server pop the cork on the bottle herself. Odd the bartenders couldn't find the time to pour a single glass, but they seemed to be busy filling cocktail orders, probably due to the 2 for 1 coupons everyone had. My drink came out, and I asked for the bill right away anticipating a wait, even though the space is cool and the people watching was ridiculous. The music is not really suitable to the chic space and is a bit too loud, but perhaps I'm sounding much older than my age by saying that. The crowd seemed to be upper 30s to mid 40s, it's kind of like a club for those who don't like clubs. The bill came out quite quickly. I was surprised to see a built in 18% gratuity and some unidentified service fee, but I paid my $36 bill (yikes) with $40 and then waited for my change - which never came, even after 10 minutes of waiting. I couldn't find my server, either. Well played. Will likely get my bubble fix elsewhere in the future.
5	Amazing decor and music playing great atmosphere to really relax in the comfy lounge booths or the bar with the nice arm rests. Staff is very attractive attentive and friendly. Definitely try the food bite menu I recommend the muffuletta panini with ham and cheese and the lobster rolls. Fizz is a place I will be coming to regularly whenever I'm at Cesears on the weekend.
2	The blond female bartender was really nice but the overall service is very poor. Drinks were average. Decor was good.
4	I met some friends at Fizz for a drink over the weekend and I was pleasantly surprised with the new venue. Fizz had a soft opening about a month ago and is Elton John's new venture at the Caesar's Palace. I would consider it an intimate, upscale lounge to get a drink before/after dinner. They have small bites that you can order while sipping some of your favorite cocktails, wines, champagnes or their signature drinks. The decor is really nice and has some of Elton John's personal prints hanging throughout the lounge. I'm sure that this place will definitely get busy once the word gets out and there are only 4 booths and a few tables spread throughout the lounge, including a good number of seats at the bar. I will definitely be coming back before the end of the year to try out some of the other cocktails - and don't forget to check in and get a buy 1 get 1 free signature cocktail deal.
4	Fizz is fairly new but  really nice upscale champagne lounge to get your bubbly fix. We were actually snag in here by the door man in the front. We were walking by and the he asked if we wanted 2 for 1 champagne tix ( like Imma say No!)When you walk in you notice pure elegance classy and the burning of some scented candles. we sat at the bar top which was nicely upholstered. We ordered a glass of Chandon Brut and got one free. You cant  beat that. The place wasn't that busy, I t was only mid day but I'm assuming it get really biz at night. Were asked if we would like to be on the guest list to come back later that night which would cover I believe entrance fee and unlimited champagne. Unfortunately we didn't make it back. Kinda Bummed....I also checked in here and got a voucher for a free signature cocktail.But overall Fizz is must try. I will be back.
3	We were strolling through Caesars when someone approached us with a drink deal to try this new champagne bar.  The deal was buy one get one so we stepped inside.  The atmosphere inside is upscale and cool.  It is a small place so there is no room for a dance floor.  That can be an upside though.  You can actually sit down and have a conversation.It was heavily staffed so we had no problem getting consistent service.  Some of the staff were clearly still learning, but overall the service was fine.The menus are on Ipads.  It allows you to scroll through the different drink categories and get additional info on the items you want to know more about.  The prices are in line with most of the nicer places in Las Vegas.Overall I think this is a solid place to grab a drink away from the crowds.  The decor is nice, but I could not figure out how it all fits together.  My biggest concern is the location.  I am not sure they can get enough people coming in to survive.
5	I'm delayed in my review, I went to Fizz the end of November after the Rod Stewart concert. I knew it was new and couldn't wait to check it out. I arranged to meet friends there and we had a blast! We were greeted  & given a table right away (there was only 1 open). I was surprised they were so accommodating since we weren't doing bottle service or anything. The server was very nice and helpful. I ordered the Le Fizz and later switched to the Fizz Fraise. Prices are typical strip lounge rates. So don't complain, you should know it's not going to be cheap walking in! The space is small and intimate. Very sexy! Easy to have conversation and mingle. The DJ was great also, kept the vibe upbeat with out being too loud. It's fun to walk around and look at the decor and rare art pieces that are from Elton's private collection. This is definitely going to be the place to hang after any show at the Collosseum. There were several members of the band hanging out with friends and family. Can't wait to have a schmancy reason to go back!
4	The basis of those 4-stars is solely reliant upon the beautiful decor and exclusive feel of the place. I have a not-so-surprising interest in yuppie bars like this, let alone a proclaimed "Champagne Bar." It's begging to be celebrated in. Or at least pretend to be celebrated in.A friend and I came here when they first opened and received B1G1 tickets from the promoter outside. Yay for saving money. Boo for the unsatisfactory cocktails. The service and cocktail list, to put lightly, "left something to be desired". In case you were wondering, champagne and bourbon do not belong in the same glass together. And rude bartenders deserve crappy tips. The wine list is alright. Unfortunately, no dessert wines for my friend who swears off anything dry but I was pretty happy with Rombauer Vineyards being featured in the selection. Champagne list features all the usual suspects which can be ordered By the Glass or Bottle Service. They have sparklers. The place is beautiful and cozy. It's a cool place to go if you're at Caesars and want a chic place to drink. Maybe experiment with the champagne cocktails but you've been forewarned.
5	FIZZ was a pleasant surprise.We saw the billboard for this place on the way out to LV from LA. Since we usually go to Caesar's we knew we'd be stopping in. The ambiance felt very upscale (as things do in CP). It wasn't very crowded, but had the right amount of people to not wonder what else was going on elsewhere. We ordered from the signature drink list, but I can't remember what I ordered. Maybe that should speak to how good it was. The drinks were pricey, but if you want quality you have to pay for it.I'll see you soon Fizz.
5	Amazing sophisticated venue, Roberto is one of the most competent bartenders I have seen in a while.  Excellent location, great staff, handcrafted cocktails, glamorous and chic.  Must visit!  Trust a local!
5	Had so much fun here. Didn't know which cocktail to order so I asked Roberto the bartender. He asked me what kinds of things I liked to drink and he created a cocktail based on that!
5	This place is awesome... Guy and Roberto and great and very helpful. Beautiful place... And make sure u feel the back of the bar chairs!!! Awesome!!!
5	I love this place compared to any lounge in Las Vegas!!! Roberto is the best bartender/mixologist in the city! The smell when u walk in is to die for!! There signature candles are magnificent!!! Love this place!!! Start your night off with elegance in this crazy city!!!
5	Roxy and Char are the best at making sure you have a great Expierence at Fizz. For table reservations Andrew always takes care of me With the best location.
1	Do not go during the day time. The service is miserable. We got buy get one free drink card. It took 5 minutes to get a menu and then we never saw our server again. After 20 minutes we left. Prices are high but I do not complain about that since it is vegas.
4	The bar tenders were super friendly, and I loved feeling glamorous in this little bar. The cocktails are top notch. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely make a return visit.
5	you have to come get your drink on and grab a small but perfectly crafted bite.. Char makes the best signature cocktails you'll ever have
5	Fizz is the perfect place to actually enjoy champagne without the chaos of a Las Vegas nightclub. Upscale ambiance with small plates of fine food and an extensive and imaginative champagne/cocktail menu. Great place for a date night or for a group gathering before a night out!
1	Fizz definitely fizzled out this time. A group of us were walking nearby and were given a buy one get one free drink offer from Fizz. When we were seated at an "island" aka a booth, we were told we all had to sit together on one side because they were going to seat others at the same booth. It was 5pm and there were only 2 other people in the place. Really? Crowd us in when no one else is even there? Then when we tried to use coupon, they said we couldn't use it with specialty cocktails, only well drinks.....seems like this place had too many rules. Will not be back.
3	Fancy new champagne lounge located near the entrance to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. The decor of this place was beautiful and upscale, although most of the 1st floor and all of the 2nd floor are booths reserved for private rental. I believe the upstairs booths have a $1,500 minimum. The bar area has chairs that you can sit at, which is what we did since it was still fairly empty when we arrived around 9:30 PM on a Saturday night. The wait staff seemed to congregate in the bar area to chat near where we were sitting since it was a slow night and we were only checked on when our glasses were running low...wish service was a little more top notch here given the venue.The wine/champagne list here is available on iPads and is pretty elaborate. Most of the more inexpensive wines and champagnes can be ordered by the glass, which is what we did, trying house champagne (Napa, CA) and some of their beers that we hadn't tried before. The more upscale selections are only available by the bottle including Louis Roederer Cristal and Ace of Spades. They also have champagne cocktails here, which appeared to be liquor based drinks with champagne as one of the ingredientsOverall this was a nice venue and would be a nice place to start or end your night out in Vegas. It was kind of dead and boring so I wouldn't recommend hanging out here for too long. We got bored after an hour and a couple drinks each and bounced.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed our champagne and champagne cocktails here. The ambience is a retro lounge that is both sexy and classy. The service was great as well.  It is tucked away in the high end of the shopping at Caesar's. The only suggestion I have is to offer a dessert menu and chocolates. They would go so well with champagne.
5	Who knew Elton John has a bar in Vegas! The decor totally reminds me of the. 70's, with its chandeliers, beautiful bar stools with faux (or real) fur. The drinks, not too expensive ($18) compare to other champagne bars, was the highlight of my evening. Fantastic! The Le Fizz drink was so smooth and delicious. Sane with the margarita speciality cocktail. The staff are beautiful, both guys and gals. And they are actually quite friendly too. Bonus is when you check in via yelp, there is a 2 for 1 specialty cocktail deal. Love it. Check this place out if you are at Caesars.
5	FIZZ was such a pleasant place!! Not only was I given these lil nifty buy one get one drink tickets, for house drinks, but I also had the chance to get a lil chatty with the gentleman at the end of the bar, whom I was told is the owner.  He was such a sweet man and was so pleased to see that I truly enjoyed my drink.  GUY was the awesome sir who made my MEXICAN VACATION.  I wasn't too sure what I wanted to order but he was quick to assure me that I'd love that drink.  And if not, he'd make something else for me.  AWESOME!! One sip of that spectaular drink and it finally hit me, I WAS ON VACATION (but in VEGAS)!  It's exactly what I needed to warm me up, put a lil smile on my face and help me to go back to what I needed to do.  I knew that the drinks would be a bit more expensive than at a place like Fat Tuesday's but I was more than happy to pay the price of $18 for my martini sized concoction. It was worth every granule of sugar on the rim of my glass. It was not working when I was there but there is even a cute little photo booth just inside the bar's entrance.  Bottle service here is not horribly $$$$ and yet it has a great vibe. It'd be the perfect place to get together with friends either before a show or concert, or just after dinner. Really, if you haven't checked it out, you definitely should!! THANKS AGAIN, GUY, for the awesome drink and friendly chit chat. I hope you guys are around for long time to come. I'll look for you again in August! THANKS A BUNCH!
3	We came here for a cocktail two nights in a row. The second night they had music going and a few people dancing. The drinks are pricey but they seem to be everywhere in LV. It's more of a lounge to sip champagne cocktails than a nightclub. The Hercules really does taste like a peanut and butter jelly sandwich- fun to try but I could never drink a full one. My favorite was the Fizz Deluxe cocktail.
2	The outside & inside is gorgeous! Love the decoration but was very disappointed when I got inside. The place is so tiny!! Def. not good for a big group of people. They have a couple tables on the floor but they were all reserved. One table up near the bar that had free seating, but if your a big person don't expect to fit into their chairs. Very tight & small. Drinks are very pricey luckily I was with a Meetup group & we had open bar for an hour! Sky was the vodka given during this event. Definitely worth stopping by & checking out the place.
5	One of my favorite laid back bars. Best champagne cocktails in Vegas!  Try the Fizz Noir and Le Fizz, they don't disappoint. Staff is courteous and warm as well. Enjoy!   :)
5	Amazing service and amazing drinks with a laid-back, intimate, and gorgeous lounge setting.  Seriously one of the best martinis I have had in all my life - I think it was called Fizz Las Vegas(the one with tequilla and the pink flower).  Server was fantastic - gorgeous, sweet, with the perfect amount of attentiveness.As a former LV local, I can attest that this is one of the best lounges on or off of The Strip. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas so I can go back!
5	Champagne cocktails are fantastic when done well, and you'd think they'd be common in a place like Vegas but they are not.  So this is a great addition to the Strip.I stopped by with my brother late on the night of 6/5.  We could have been any random guys off the street (we weren't dressed up) yet we were warmly greeted by the host who gave us a mini-tour and told us the art (which goes floor to ceiling!) was all out of Elton John & David Furnish's personal collection.  They sat us in a "reserved" booth (and I was worried they'd tack on some crazy bottle service charges but they did not) and we had amazingly well-constructed _reasonably priced for the strip_ champagne cocktails in a cozy yet luxe environment. The service was impeccable and friendly.It was like a little glimpse into Elton John & David Furnish's personal life; you can tell they put some of themselves into the bar and into the way the staff treats guests.Highly recommended.
1	Skip the 2/1 offer. Drinks are ok but they automatically add the gratuity AND a service charge. I didn't mind the gratuity this time because the service was good but the service charge was ridiculous.  When we asked about it the response was that it was charged because we sat at a table.  Tacky.
5	This is by far the best champagne lounge in Vegas. The cool atmosphere with awesome artwork is just amazing to get together with a group of friends and enjoy some yummy cocktails! Also they have champagne by glass which is pretty cool.
5	You have McDonald's and Bobby Flay. You have Panda Express and Nobu. You have the lobby bar and Fizz. Yes, drinks will take 6-10 minutes, but they are real drinks. When I say real I mean, not out of a soda gun. These are really shaken, with passion. Real ingredients, real drinks. This place is small, so if you wanna make something happen, hit up the Vegaster app and make it happen. See Tim, thanks for a great night of multiple night caps. Seriously.... Great spot and be prepared to have some soild real drinks.
1	Okay I am giving this 1 star because of the shady business practice.  If I was rating the place on ambiance and drinks, it would be a 3-4 star.We were approached in the casino to come "have a drink on us" and handed a card. Okay, why not? We were thirsty - it is Vegas after all!  :-)When we get to the hostess stand, the hostess tells us "It's buy one get one with that card" - okay not a problem as we planned on having a couple drinks!The waitress hands us an iPad that describes the drinks in detail and they all look yummy.  So hard to choose which one to start with!  At $18 each, we are expecting them to taste as awesome as their description.When we go to order, our waitress informs us that the "buy one, get one" is only for well, select beer and wine.  I think this is total BS that the poor waitress has to inform us of this restriction.  Fortunately I had checked in on Yelp and they have an offer of "buy one, get one" with no restrictions so we used that coupon.  But we only had 1 drink and left.  Come on Fizz!  You lost money on that bogus "buy one, get one" as we would have stayed much longer and drank but this type of business practice is not cool.
1	BS "Bait and Switch" 2 for 1 cards being handed out because they are so desperate for business. The rudest most aggressive bartender I have ever encountered in my life. Moved and shoved around so that "other guests" could be accommodated? What? There money is better than mine? I have never felt more unwelcome in an establishment in my life. I'm a Caesars Seven Stars member, they didn't know that, but my casino host is very unhappy with the way I was treated. It takes a lot for me to write a negative review, 99 % of my reviews are positive. I will bet you within a year Fizz, will fizz out. Writing is on the wall.
5	Very cool place, it can get very crowded.  The night we were there on Saturday they had a fantastic entertainer named Shawn Eiferman.  He got everyone going, was upbeat and fun.  He has a great voice and guitar skills and an endless list of songs he knows.  They have coupons laying around outside by the slots which is what brought us in they were buy one get one.  WE will definitely go back for the entertainment as it is as good as it gets!
5	Fizz is absolutely amazing. The decor is very upscale and the level of service is unprecedented. The staff is very welcoming and conversational, making you feel at home. The food and cocktails are incredible. They burn signature candles in the venue which provides a very stimulating sensory experience. A visit to Fizz is a must!
5	Located in Ceasers.  Excellent.  Great service.  Super nice waitress.  Nice dim atmosphere.  Put that aside, the drinks are incredible.  Nice blend of the perfect combinations.  Whenever you drink in Vegas you always question the alcohol content.  Not here!  The right mix of alcohol making excellent original drink combinations.  Not loud either.  Really a nice place to chill, hang, and talk.  Drinks run about 19. A piece.  We arrived about 11 on a Sun.  Got a nice couch / booth no prob.
4	I was literally 2 feets from the bar, and asked drinks to the waitress--got a 20% service fee added to the bill.+ Fizz noir is a refreshing, sweet and balanced drink, recommend going there just for this one.+ Place looks nice.+ Panini was good, but tiny tiny. Don't count on it as a snack.
3	If I was to based this place on drinks, it would be a 5 star review. The drinks were on point and delicious. Sadly, the service is making me knock down stars.THE PLACE: Located inside Caesar's Palace and fairly new. We walked into this classy, upscale looking place with dim lighting and ipad menus. The place was semi empty and had enough open seats. The hostess offered us a table but we were just grabbing a drink and not planning on hanging out although the place is quiet and would be pleasant to have a few drinks here and catch up without having to raise our voices. Quiet, new and plenty of seats. I did notice a sign in the entrance that stated that no cameras/flash photography is allowed inside.  (8/10)EXPERIENCE AND SERVICE:  We walked on over to the bar just planning on grabbing one drink to share but after checking in on yelp I realized that they had an offer of buy one get one free with no restrictions. After we received our first drink, we then asked the bartender, who also happened to be the manager of the place or so we were told, if we could go ahead and use the offer to order the second drink and he said with a yuck face on, "but you only ordered one drink??!" Well sir, this is why we are asking you to make us a second one. Gesh, that was pretty rude. I did not like that one bit, especially coming from a manager.. he should be setting an example and be more respectful. The place isn't even busy so at least take care of the customers in front of you in a proper and professional manner. After he asked my mom if she wanted a drink as well (it was 3 of us at the bar and only 2 drinks) my mom declined and I started trying to talk to this guy just saying it was her first time in Vegas. He then changed his attitude a bit but unfortunately the scar was already made. Not cool sir, not cool!  I wouldn't want to be helped by him if I ever go there again.    (1/10)DRINKS:The Hercules: A martini glass that  had peanut butter around the rim and some jelly drizzled in the inside of it. Outstanding and delicious drink. Really does taste like the real deal without being too much. First time I've ever even had peanut butter in an alcoholic drink before. Pretty strong so beware, strong but enjoyable to drink.  (10/10)I also had one with berries and champagne that I do not recall the name of. It was ok but weak in taste and lacked a bit of flavor. I did see a few other drinks on the menu that I would like to come back and try. If I do, I would like to have someone else take my order other than the guy that had helped us in this last visit. Therefore, drink selection is aite.   (9/10  I would say)If you are rolling in doe, there is a very expensive drink on the menu that is made with the highest of the high end liquids and sprinkled with 24k gold flakes called the Fizz Deluxe... At a nice price tag of $2,500, I think I would need to save it for a different time hahaha. Ahh to dream to dream..~$19 per drink**Don't forget to checking, maybe the BOGO offer will still be there**
1	Great venue, unethical management. I suppose that would be a given being in Vegas, but for anyone looking to plan an event here, DO NOT. Fizz owners can not be trusted. Total bait and switch operation. Super nice and easy going up until the day of my event, they then decided to do whatever made them the most money, disregarding all prior agreements.The details of my event were changed drastically after agreed upon. Our event was double booked with another, causing mine to start 30 minutes late. (Even after I told their event planner Monica I was not ok with this!)I had a lot of decor items I told Monica I needed to set up, she assured me I would have enough time to do this. My event started at 8pm yet there were still guests from the previous event in the venue until 8:15pm! I had to throw everything up within 15 minutes and my event had technically already begun. So ridiculous and so stressful. Food orders were lost and our bar wasn't open for 30 minutes into our event because of them double booking it. They stopped serving our food super early, so we paid for food that never even came out! A refund was not given for any of it. When contacted - management basically said we're not sorry and you're not getting a refund. Definite breach of contract and now have to pursue other methods of getting our money back. Save yourself the headache and don't support such unethical people.
2	We went in on a week day evening and it was dead. The ridiculous thing was that all the booths were 'reserved' however only one group of 5 people came in and took one of the booths and they left after one drink. Not long before we left all the reserved signs were removed!!! Now this wouldn't have been too much if a problem if the bar seats weren't so damn ridiculously uncomfortable..... Which meant I only stayed for two drinks and left.  I mean if you want people to drink you dry surely the biggest thing is to make it a comfortable place to be!I love champagne and spend a bit of time drinking my way through different kinds but these 'champagne' cocktails literally had a tiny bit added to them to top them up. The cocktails weren't even that great I didn't think.Our server was nice, however when u go in you wonder round like a wally looking for a drinks menu and its not until they come over with their iPad's that you can see what is on offer. I mean what is it with these damn iPad menus everywhere!The woman behind the bar was miserable as anything though and really didn't give a good impression of the place. I'm glad I tried it but definitely wouldn't bother again. You can get better quality champagne cocktails elsewhere and for half the price. I did however like some of the art work in the place.
2	Good service staff is friendly and they have very good knowledge of a variety of drinks. Awwsome place to visit if your a local or just passing by.
1	TERRIBLE service and WAY overpriced.  Checked this place out with some fellow locals, we have no problem paying strip prices but the service has to be worth it. Server was beyond rude and slow. Would never recommend this place to anyone... And unfortunately for them that's what I do for a job. It will be a miracle if this place stays open another day.
5	Awesome place to brings friends watch the games and eat and have a few specialty cocktails.
5	Fizz nightclub.. where do I begin when it comes to complimenting this place. a very classy look as soon as you walk in the doors, artsy pictures adorn the walls. i sat at the bar & was served by Guy. He is a talented mixologist, explaining every drink he made me in detail! he suggested i start with an old fashioned since i said i liked whiskey, it was superb. then the magic began... i told him to get creative for me &that he did! i enjoyed drinks like a s'more martini, a holy trinity, a french 7, several different flavored old fashions, an array of tasty shots, i can go on for days.. (I drink alot lol) the employees there are also very polite & friendly, I ended up going there a few more times while on my vacation. I would suggest that you definitely check out Fizz nightclub if you're in Vegas! I cant wait to go back there on my next trip!
2	Went here for a 1st stop on the strip for my Bachelorette Party and was dazzled by the atmosphere! The service STARTED out great until we asked about the Yelp BOGO deal... then our waitress disappeared (with my friend's cell phone in hand) and when she finally returned in our sight, she just ignored our table - this continued for what felt like a good half an hour. By the time she got back, we didn't even want to order our second round of drinks because the first round took FOREVER. Mind you- all the drinks we had were pretty good."Kiss the bride" tasted like an alcoholic, Mexican drink called "Liquado". Careful- if you don't like egg whites, do not order! The last sip was yolk-y.My girls ordered a couple of their more popular drinks, but I forgot the names. Overall, if the service was better, I would have rated it a 4. And if the prices were a little less expensive (they're around $20 each) this would definitely be a 5 Star small lounge. Definitely glad we used the BOGO free Yelp deal, otherwise I would have been PISSED to spend $40 on 2 drinks that took an hour to get served.
5	It's rare whenever I drink an alcoholic beverage because I'm not much of a drinker. You would never find me at a bar. Not up until I discovered Fizz Las Vegas at Caesar's Palace. I've become a regular here & now I come here for drinks at least once a week. The staff is very welcoming and down to earth. They always make sure you're taken care of and you have a drink in front of you. I'm a typical woman & I love cocktails. My favorite cocktail is the Coco Republic since I love anything with coconut in it. My second favorite drink is the Fizz Fraise since I love strawberries. Both drinks are smooth & refreshing. And my third favorite drink is the Smore's Martini which is Guy Rodrigues speciality. He is the guy to see...no pun intended! All three drinks are definite MUST haves when you're here & they're absolutely delicious!
1	My past review was deleted because it was not complete in content (probably because I was so disgusted) so allow me to post a more complete review/reason for a low ranking.  On October 14th I went to Fizz with a party of 6 (two folks are locals).  We ordered a bottle of bubbles and a cheese plate.  We sat at the bar.  Service - we received virtually none other than to have what we ordered plunked down in front of us.  We poured for ourselves.  We did not receive plates to share the cheese tray nor any utensils at all.  We did not receive napkins.  The bubbles themselves, we knew they were way overpriced (the bottle we ordered is generally around $50 in the store...it was triple that).  OK.  That's on the menu.  The bill arrived.  It had an additional $50.00 for "bottle service" added in (remember that we sat at the bar not a table where that fee is generally even considered and we poured for ourselves).  It also had a 20% tip added into the bill which was on top of the bottle service fee so basically charging an additional 10 for that.  I believe my comment was that they were "crooks".  This establishment has virtually no service, they do not disclose their fees and they auto-tip themselves (also without disclosing they are going to build that in).  I think my comment is quite factual.  There are so many wonderful places in Vegas.  This isn't one of them.  If you want bubbles and great service I recommend the Chandelier Bar in the Cosmopolitan.  I hope that this time my review is a clear and detailed commentary.
3	Was in Vegas last month for annual girls trip.. really wanted to go to Fizz as the year prior they hadn't opened yet.. love the photobooth when you first come in! the bar is very pretty but you have to be careful if you take pics not to get the art work in your photos... we went about 4pm so it wasnt very busy. The waiter let us sit at a big booth and we had two for cocktails cards that were handed out when we walked in.. you couldnt get two champagne cocktails but you could get one champagne coctail and a well drink or beer or their house champagne which is Chandon!! Hellooo my favorite.. so got a champagne cocktail  and glass of bubbly for $16 not bad! Our waiter took forever to check on us for our second drink so I had to go to the bar and tell him to get us our bubbly... my other complaint was they had the TV's on playing college football.. I know it was early in the day but I think they still should have music playing.. TV can be on but mute them and have music on!! if you wanna watch sports go to the sports bar in the casino.. it ruined the ambviance of the bar... I am sure its hopping at night but I wouldnt wanna be there at night I am sure its packed like crazy and not enough places to sit or move around.. so go late afternoon if you just wanna have a cocktail or two...
5	Our experience at Fizz during a recent trip to Vegas was top notch! We arrived at around 5:00PM on Tuesday night. There were not a lot of other people there yet, just a couple of waitresses and a few other small groups. The decor and ambiance were super ritzy and it was exciting to be surrounded by some of Elton John's private art collection. We were greeted by a super friendly waitress who set us up in one of the round booths that was originally reserved, but had opened up. We ordered the Bottomless Bubbles and were treated to about 10 rounds of champagne. It's really a stand out value in Vegas where cocktail service can get extremely pricey. The waitstaff was super attentive, provided refills right at the perfect time, and even gave us our last glasses of the night to-go. I can't recommend this place enough!
4	Small and sweet.Not a lot of tables, not a lot of bar space, no room to dance, no DJ, but a receptionist / bouncer / ID taker person at the door makes it seem super official and serious. Drinks are good, but expensive, but if you want a break from the casino action or you are just getting started, come to this "lounge" that has no lounge singer and doesn't just let anyone in!We came in with about 20 of us and practically took the place over.... just how I like it!Service is good, drinks aren't watered down, and it's swanky inside!YELP check in means you get a BOGO cocktail!!BTW - my sister left her credit card here and when she called later on (after realizing it), they had it ready and waiting for her.
5	We visited a Fizz back in November. I love champagne so I knew I had to go inside. The bar and lounge area is beautiful. Our server was pretty, friendly and very nice. I think her name was Olivia? My husband and I had a lounge area to ourselves, and it was nice to get out of the casino for a while. When we come back to Vegas, we will definitely come visit again.
