1	I had a bid done and after a couple weeks I called back to have the work done, and the person that did the bid wasn't there any more. (should have been a red flag). So I was told to call another person. I called and left a message, I hear back from him a week later... he told me they would honor the bid but would need a faxed copy of it, it being 2010 I asked if I could email him the original bid that was EMAILED TO ME? He said that he didn't have email so no, I would need to fax it like it was 1993. I did that and didn't hear back form him... and didn't hear back from him... finally I called and left a message again, and I didn't hear back from him. FINALLY, after calling twice I cot a hold of him... He said, he would have the installation people give me a call. They did and set an appointment. The day before the appointment, I got a call from a Baker secretary asking for my credit card information... ? I asked why and she explained that they were going to need to have it to pay for the insulation, i asked if we would pay when the work was done? She said, no it works better if they take my credit card... So i agreed BUT stressed the fact that I did not what to be changed for work that was not done yet... as you can probably guess, they went a head a charged my card. I called and asked why they ran my card... she explained that it was company policy. I talked to another sales guy who said there was nothing he could do... I left a message for "Mr. Fax" and still have not heard back.The next day I get a call 3 hours before the appointment saying that they are at our house ready to do the insulation. I explain that the appointment is in 3 hours and that no one will be there until the allotted time, as it was a APPOINTMENT. He is a little miffed because he was about to get out early for the day but instead has to go and pick his nose for 3 hours...Over all Banker was a disaster... I would not recommend using them to put insulation in a dog house.
5	Very professional. The quote they gave was very reasonable. My house stays warmer now in the colder weather, and is even cooler when it is hot. My utility bills have gone down because of the work they did on my home. I would recommend them.
5	Recently, I had Banker Insulation upgrade the insulation in my attic and was extremely pleased with the positive results it has had on keeping the heat inside my home throughout the past colder months. These guys had a great eye for detail and completely treated my home as if they were working on their own. I will definitely recommend Banker Insulation to anyone who is looking for an established reputable company that stands behind the quality of their work!
5	Banker insulation had the most professional and knowledgeable staff! They re-insulated my home in a timely manner and were so helpful in helping me figure out what I needed to know. Thanks to Banker Insulation, my energy bills are now lower! I'm so happy with their service!
5	Banker came out to do a bid on some additional cellulose insulation in our attic.  Instead, based on recommendation by Grant Gosselin due to the allergy issues I have, as well, poor attic design (which had little/no insulation in spots) we did Spray Foam Insulation.  Let me tell you, amazing.There was 2 step process, the first part went well and our whole home was slated the week after Memorial Day.  Due to some scheduling issues, there were delays which could have pushed the Foam for an entire week.  Grant stepped up and got 2 crews on a Saturday to complete the job.  As well, we had 2 additional visits to clean up some issues  While the issues were minor, Grant and Banker got everything taken care of with flying colors!Now our AC is running at a max 5-7hrs a day (compared to 24x7) during the heat.  The energy savings is amazing and I would highly recommend anyone in the valley to consider spray foam.  While it costs more up front (and there is some HVAC work to be done) the long term savings are incredible!
1	I have been an advocate of Banker Insulation since 2007 when they did some insulation work for my Garage in Surprise. Did a great job and couldn't be happier. In 2011, they did it again to our home in Goodyear. Great job again. Decided to use them at our business location in Goodyear, why wouldn't we. The actual job of removing the old insulation and installing the new looks great. But prior to the insulation job, we had the epoxy floors done so keeping them nice was critical. The sales manager suggested some boots for the lift so that the lift didn't cause issues with the floor. Sounds great to me. After the job was done, the floors were scraped and scratched and it did not look like either of the lifts had any boots on them. I do not know how they got scraped up, whether is what the lifts supports, staples on the floors and turning on them, I really don't care what did it. I just wanted them to be exactly how they were. Come to find out, that boots/diapers are for the bottom of the lifts, not for the tires, so that the lifts do not leak oil on the floors. That was not made known until after we were trying to come to problem solving answer. My $10,000+ epoxy floors don't look like $10,000+ floors any longer. They would rather say that it was not their fault when no one else is in the shop while they are working then keep a continued customer happy. $750 out of a $6000+ invoice, It is really sad. Am I an advocate now? I can't. If they come back and offer to fix the floor, I would say that they did the right thing and would become an advocate for them again.
