3	I was so looking forward to going to this restaurant.  It has a nice view of a man-made pond, but the food is barely average.  If the ambience wasn't so nice, it would get only 2 stars.
3	The only thing I was raving about after this meal was the dessert (The hot chocolate cake).  It was lick the plate yummy.  I'm sorry I didn't save more room for it.The rest of the meal was good, but if I am going to pay that much, I want to be able to give the meal more than three stars.  I had the tuna and my boyfriend had the filet.  We both ordered coconut rice with our meals and what came looked more like rice pilaf and the waitress SWORE it was the coconut rice.  I'm not one to get into in debate over rice, but that was some funky coconut rice.  The landscaping and setting was beautiful.  The tiki torches on the lake were a nice touch and the lake had enough ducks to create their own colony.
3	If you want "waterfront" in the desert, the the Chart House is the place to dine.  Situated in McCormick Ranch on a man made lake, this restaurant is nothing too special.  I started with the Chart House Salad which had a little too much dressing on it
4	I have to give chart house a 4 star review because consistently it makes an unbelievable macadamia nut crusted mahi and the King Crab legs are fantastic.  There is no need to use butter for these legs for they are of fantastic quality.  I always add the salad bar becuase it's a good start.   And the Chocolate cake is worth the wait.  The lobster spring rolls are a really good appetizer.      Now, I haven't ordered anything besides the above items so I can't comment on steaks, cx, or other fish.  The location is nice with great views of camelback....it is a desert but let's be honest, it's a neighborhood in a major metropolitan city.
3	Chart House reminded me of every restaurant out in AZ that Ive been to for work purposes.  A huge restaurant cranking out the same meal 90 times a day over and over and over.  Needless to say I still enjoyed coming here.  There was a great view with tons of wildlife all around the lake.  I saw a bunny, pegged some bread at some geese in the lake, and fed the coi fish there too.   The menu again was preset so I didnt really get the full experience of dining here.  But I loved the first date mood lighting enjoyed by me and my training instructors, quite romantic.  The servers were wearing industrial construction gloves to handle the food which was really quite disturbing...
3	This place is pretty much an easy three stars across the board. I came here on a business trip where the menu is pre-fixed and you just pick a main course and drinks, etc. The view of the pond, yes pond not lake, was nice but the highlight was the little bunnies that wandered about outside as you ate. (I am glad rabbit wasn't an option on the menu. It would have been weird). The waiters were all nice, but service was not very prompt. The meat was cooked just right but the side dishes were failures. The meat was definitely the main event, but with no backup dancers.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, profesional service, I was very impressed. Dinning by the pond was nice, and this upscale restauraunt more than impressed me. It isnt the best in the valley, but it is consistently good food and service. Enjoy!
4	The chocolate lava cake alone gets this place 4 stars. You place your order for it at the beginning of you meal because it takes quite some time to bake. There is a cute little lake/pond that you can get a window seat next to and watch the ducks. They print out their menu daily (maybe twice a day, I can't remember). My boyfriend loves the fillet here and I've had the sea bass and it was delicious. They also have a very nice salad bar where you can add your own ingredients to the salad and try some of their cold pastas. Our waiter was very attentive and made some great wine suggestions. This place has an upscale atmosphere to it even though most people dress in resort casual wear. It would be a nice place to go for a romantic dinner. *Sign up for their dining program. You get one point for every dollar you spend (not including taxes and tip) and my boyfriend said they accumulate toward free gift certificates.
4	I need to set this up a little bit.  My wife and I have lived in Scottsdale for a year.  We've gone out to eat quite a bit.  I have to say I have not been impressed at all.  Don't get me wrong, we have our haunts that we like to go to quite a bit.  When it comes to new places I am a little scared.We went to Chart House on Mothers Day, busiest day in the restaurant land.  My mother wanted to go.  My 70 year old father likes the "salad bar" at the Chart House.  I figured we were going to a "senior" joint and fortunately we were not going to spend a lot of money.I was wrong on both ends.  The location is wonderful.  It's on a man made lake/pond thing which gives the customer a wonderful view.  For a moment I felt I was out of the dessert.  The decor was nice.  on to food.THEY WERE OUT OF EVERYTHING.  I wanted prime rib, no prime rib.  I wanted ono, they were out of ono.  I got the Asian Seared Tuna with a wasabi cream sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a wonderful cut of tuna, no fat on it.  The sauce was INCREDIBLE.  It had a kick, if you like don't spicy, this is not for you.I can't remember what my wife and mom ordered.  I know my dad had a steak and it looked and tasted good but I would never order it here.  You can get a better steak somewhere else.  This is more of a seafood joint.The salad bar was unique and very up class.  They make ceaser salads fresh for you.  Anchovies are available.  You can build your own salad which has many unique toppings to choose from.  The icing on the cake was the caviar.  Lots and lots of caviar.  My dad and I had maybe 3 plates of caviar.  Overall the value is good for a $$$$ dinner.  It was nice to take my parents there on a special day.  If I were to go back, I would just get the salad bar.  It's not cheap on it's own, but cheaper than the entrees.  The selection is top notch.
4	So this place has a bit of odd history for me.  When I was back in high school, this guy would always promise that he would take me to the Chart House is Redondo/Hermosa Beach if I ever gave him the chance.  Well, I never did, but then I started dating a guy and he took us here for our...wait for it...one month anniversary.  I know, totally lame, but when you're in high school one month seems like a ridiculously long time!  So we go there all dressed up and looking cute, and we don't even make it to the bread because my date is puking in the bathroom.  The waiter thought my date abandoned me because my date was with me for all of two seconds.  So needless to say I didn't get the full Chart House experience.Fast forward to 11 months later, and he takes to the one in Scottsdale for our one year anniversary.  The food was delicious and the setting was as cute as it can be for living in the dessert.  We even got to see the geese kick the ass out of the ducks for food that was laying out there.  This place is a standard, upscale, romantic restaurant.  I like more off the beaten path places, but this place is always a safe bet.
4	The price is high for what you get, but I still enjoy a good meal at the Chart House.  I've had several steaks here and have been pleased with all of them. We've thoroughly enjoyed the Chocolate Lava cake as well.  I certainly recommend that.As others have said, the lake view is a nice touch.  The wait staff could use a little lightening up, and it wouldn't hurt to turn the lights up just a bit.  Who know though, maybe they're trying to target the 'My date's ugly but I want good food' crowd.
3	Went for my second visit on my last visit. It was restaurant week and we were looking forward to it! With great company in tow and hungry bellies we were off! We enjoyed our dinner very much. Those that had the Ahi Tuna app loved it! I had the New England clam chowder. It was a bit thinner that I would have liked but my other table diners loved it. The crab cakes were GREAT! Super chunky real crab pieces. The creme brulee for dessert was also really really tasty. They seated us near the lake view so that was nice. We had fun and are avid seafood lovers. For a place meant for older peeps, this was a pretty good experience!
4	Not along the beach?  Sure, but this location does just fine.  Some of the better seafood in the desert in one of the deserts better location.  Go at dusk so you can watch the sun set behind Camelback mountain from the deck.The food is top notch and reasonably priced relative to its class.  The prime rib is very flavorful and exceptionally tender,.and you get a very healthy portion.  And seafood...yes seafood.  Personal favorites include the macadamia nut encrusted mahi mahi and the shrimp fresca.  I don't usually say this but make room for dessert.  The Creme Brulee is top notch.
2	The Entree that we (group of 4) had was very good, but the Hot Chocolate Lava Cake was not what it was hyped up to be and what I thought was included with my meal was an extra charge. If you want a dessert latte go to McDonalds.
3	From me, the Chart House gets 5 stars for location and ambience, both of which are very sadly lacking here in Scottsdale.Unfortunately, what is also lacking in Scottsdale is quality, and the Chart House suffers a little from that as well.   That is not to say that the food isn't good.  It is.  But it isn't something you will rave about.But get a waterfront table in the evening when the candles are burning, have a martini, and enjoy the salad bar if nothing else!  The nicest overall experience in the area.Update:  I returned to the Chart House about a year after this review.   And while it still retains a wonderful atmosphere and good service, I do have to agree with many recent reviewers that the prices are now out-of-line with the quality of the food.   $30-$40 for a very basic seafood dish, and $16.00 for a nothing-special salad bar, are beyond the quality they are providing.Further Update:  07/15/12:   Leave it to Landry's to destroy another fine dining establishment.   For 20 years I've looked forward to visiting The Chart House in many cities.   But it is now just another chain establishment, and with each visit, it slides downhill.   I must shed a tear and move on.  RIP Chart House.
3	Have been to the Chart House many times over the years most recently last night. The food was good not over the top however the seafood was fresh Clam Chowder good again not great however the biggest disappointment was the salad bar which lists for $15.99 unless you purchase an entree then they try to make you feel as if its a bargain by adding it for $7.99. I would have no problem with the exuberant price but please give me something impressive this was a real let down. I would highly recommend reservations and try to specify a window seat as the views will impress and motivate your palate. Price of dinner with no wine just ice water was $107.00 with 20% tip so anticipate a much larger bill with cocktails. Wine list is impressive and this is a wonderful place to take a date if you love flaming torches and views over the lake again just make sure you get the window seat.
3	Great location. Fine, not excellent, food. The oysters were phenomenal, but the special entree was disappointing...expensive and disappointing. Excellent drinks.
4	I really enjoyed this place, but first let's get ther boo's out of the way. I made reservations about two weeks in advance because I wanted to be sure I got the time slot I wanted. I made reservations for 7:30, we arrived there at 7:15. The hostess said we would be seated closer to 7:30 and that was fine. So we sat in the bar... and sat... and sat some more. It was almost 8 till we were finally seated. I saw people walk in get seated shortly after but not us and it was just a party of four. Finally get seated then ordered more drinks.. that took awhile... ordered an appetizer and that took awhile.... then the soup comes out AND that takes awhile... finally our entrees didn't come out till 9:14.. (I was checking my watch then) so we didn't leave the restaurant till 10... I thinking they were really lacking waiters. If the hostess seated us at the time I made reservations then it wouldn't have been so bad. But eating so late leaves awfuly bloated. Ok ok, now the good part. This is one of the best seafood restaurants I've been to in Arizona. It's fresh and delicious. I didn't have the salad bar, but it looked really really good. They have a good wine list and the apps are good too. We were way too stuffed to try the lava cake, but there's always next time. Just make reservations an hour earlier, ha!
1	Terrible service, mediocre food!Our waiter was a jerk!  The place was not busy.  Waiter left us without drinks for 15 minutes or more.  Entrees took over an hour to get to our table which would have been OK had the waiter kept us updated and bothered to show his face at our table (but he couldn't be bothered).  He walked by many times to serve everyone around us, but ignored our table.  Someone from our table had to go hunt the waiter down 3 times to get service.  I guess the waiters at this place are allowed to discriminate!  When the food arrived it was not worth the wait.  I didn't even finish it.  The harried-looking manager offered us a free dessert, but we were so mad at the bad service we got our check and left.WILL NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!!!
5	First, the location is beautiful overlooking a lake.  The service and ambiance are first class.  I had prime rib that was succulent.  I was pleasantly surprised that they have a salad bar, including cesar salad prepared by the chef.  The bread and crackers they bring with the salads are noteworthy, too.  The dark brown rolls tasted homemade and may have been pumpernickel.  Three of my compatriots had fish entrees that they enjoyed.  BTW, have a margarita.  They use fresh squeezed lime juice and make their own simple syrup.  In addition, they use a premium tequila.  Without a doubt, THE BEST margarita I have ever had!
4	Great Thanksgiving meal. I had a similar meal at Busters on the Lake for cheaper last year but that doesn't take away from the good spinach and sweet potatoes. Good service, good bread, good view...
1	I'm definitely not the type of person who likes to give merely 1 star... but after my experience here, it's hard to give it anything more.  The only thing going for it really was the view... too bad though that it was too dark to see the water.We went here for my birthday dinner a few nights ago.  Walked in, nice decor, but were greeted by the smirk of a man who was looking down his nose at us - especially since we didn't have a reservation.  The place wasn't busy... maybe half full, if that.  We waited patiently for about 20 minutes to be seated.The waitress was... somewhat polite; I mean, she did try to cater her suggestions to her audience.  I'm Japanese, but you know... just because I am doesn't mean that you need to suggest all the Asian dishes as specialties.  She did the same racial profiling to the table next to us of Italians.  While I understand her meaning behind it and I'm sure she didn't mean to be offensive, I just found it odd.  Unfortunately, she also didn't know anything at all about the wines, but I made a selection we enjoyed anyhow. We ordered the calamari as the app and it came out cold.  I personally have never enjoyed cold fried items, but hey that's me.  I'm not all that sure how long it had been sitting in the window, but since it took about 30 minutes to arrive at the table I assume a while.  The whole night it felt as though our waitress was avoiding us since the calamari sat nearly untouched for at least 15 minutes until she came by with my friend's clam chowder soup.  The soup he said was good, but I found it slightly inexcusable that she kept walking past our table and looking at the untouched appetizer whilst she continued to service the table next to us to her fullest extent. For our entrees, he ordered shrimp 3 ways and I ordered a simple shrimp and crab pasta.  His was overcooked to the point of rubber and mine made me feel ill immediately after consumption.  We both decided to skip out on desserts due to the awful service and poor food quality.  One thing that upsets me is when a restaurant ruins its ingredients and this one did.  Go for the soup and nothing else.  If you expect even a smidgen of decent service, don't even bother. It's over priced and pretentious for food that is improperly prepared.  Before exiting the establishment I had to excuse myself in order to "go bulimic" and my friend felt incredibly sick the next day.  Stomachs beware!
2	As Chart House locations go, this one is hit & miss.  I've definitely had much better luck at the West coast spots such as Malibu, Redondo Beach and Lake Tahoe (on the Nevada side).  Anyway, the Prime Rib is usually outstanding at any Chart house, along with the bread, salads & desserts -- I'm going with two stars for the Scottsdale restaurant because of the service not being what it should compared to the others.  You usually can't go wrong for nice night out if you pick Chart House but in my experience, it seems the Scottsdale one can be 'hot or cold'.
4	It'd been a long time since I have been to a Chart House and I have forgotten how good they can be.  We arrived on a Sunday night so things were slow with the store maybe 20% full.  Service was a bit slow to start, most likely due to the table next to us that had pair that had apparently been drinking for several hours and were doing a good job of causing the server a case of heartburn.  Once they left, service leaped forward and was fine for the rest of the evening.  The salad bar was good as was the fish.
1	This was so bad!  Here's what's wrong quickly since there seems to be no shortage of bad reviews for this place.1. Service was exceptionally slow.2. Poorly trained servers. 3. Waited 5 minutes for water, 25 minutes for appetizer.4. another 30 minutes for entrees.5. Half the food was luke warm the other half had been microwaved or heat lamped or something since it was dried out.6. Lobster portion was skimpy.7. This place has premium prices, even though a chain, has been in business for many years and they are being run by a bunch of accountants.Other chains like Ruth Chris, etc do a pretty good job; this place is awful and has no clue. I complained to mgr., since waitress was hopeless....comped meal and don't even care! I would have refused to pay for entrees. And I have never done that in 40 years of dining out. Never.Oh...last nice touch...1st 2 items we ordered they were out of...Mother's day, sea bass and scallops, out?  How hard is it to plan since you know you have a full house but accountants are in charge of ordering so they just say "let them order somethng else."They'll stay in business though...nice location, preying on unsuspecting tourists....sad.If you go you derve what you get!
4	The last time I'd been to the Chart House was when I was 8 years old, but at the original location in Aspen, Colorado. It's everything I remember it to be. It's a restaurant you plan on going to--a "special occasion" worthy place. This location is no exception.  Expect upscale dining in a gorgeous setting. Be sure to make a reservation and ask to be seated by the windows.  The waitstaff go out of their way to ensure that you are having an enjoyable meal.  The maitre'd even comes by as you near dessert to introduce himself.  The fare is mostly fish and beef. I enjoyed the seafood grill: Asian glazed salmon, shrimp scampi, and a jumbo-lump crab cake with Yukon gold mashed potatoes and asparagus. I devoured every last bit of fish on my plate. One highlight of dining here is the salad bar. Yes, the salad bar. But it's different--it's the Chart House salad bar!!!Order an entree and for $8.50 you can enjoy unlimited caviar, fresh fruit, cold salads (i.e. pasta salad, potato salad, artichoke heart salad...) and traditional salad bar items. Or, for $16 you can make this your entree. Savor this. Go back for seconds. And thirds. Maybe even fourths. I wasn't expecting our entrees to come out so fast. 14 minutes to be exact, the waiter informed us...a little too fast for such a high-end restaurant. I prefer to savor my salad bar items. Linger a bit before the big show, if you know what I mean. Toward the end of the meal an inebriated party of four was seated next to us. What a scene. When you're paying top dollar and expecting a pleasant dining experience, the last thing you want is drunkards offering to buy your table shots. Completely uncalled for. I know it's not the restaurant's fault, but they shouldn't have seated them in the first place. It's not a sports bar--it's the Chart House!
3	went here on 5/17/11 at 5:00 for happy hour...great drinks, great prices($5) bar menu was equally great $4-6 and a good selection shrimp was tasty and the hummus trio was ok. small fish portions but well cooked and seasoned wasabi mashed ...meh. wife had chicken romano and liked that as well. very good meal and great service but a bit pricey...welll it is scottsdale!
4	I haven't been to a Chart House in years.  I thought we would try it and see how it goes.  PRIME RIB- Fabulouse.  Service- FABULOUS (ask for Kelly) Chopped Salad- AWESOME.  Try it with their homemade bleu cheese dressing.  YUMMY.
4	The Chart House restaurant is one of those rare finds in the high stakes restaurant business in Scottsdale. Instead of the kitschy, music pounding, over the top environment, you are welcomed into a classy restaurant where the goal is allow you to relax and enjoy the dinner experience rather than being overwhelmed by it. The hostess immediately welcomed us and immediately sat us with a view of both the outside fireplace and the lake. Our server Kelly immediately made us feel welcome and ensured that our drink order were placed and that she was available to answer any questions. Her super customer service continued throughout the evening. We started with the Chart House chopped salad and the special tempura shrimp rolls. The salad was extremely fresh and crisp with wonderful made-in-house dressings. The tempura shrimp rolls tasted good but had a rather thick tempura crust and had to much rice compared to the amount of shrimp. Two of the party had crab cakes for dinner which filled with lump crab and were very tasty. The other member of the party had the prime rib which was a generous portion, perfectly cooked and great taste especially with some fresh horseradish. Unfortunately we didn't have room for desert since we would have liked to have tried their signature lava cake. Bottom line a great experience both in terms of customer service and food but they could have done a bit better on the food (e.g. lighter and more shrimp for the shrimp roles, etc). However all around very much worthy of another visit.
2	Food ok but bad operation. I'm not going to call it bad service, because our waiter was clearly following orders. He pushed the specialty drinks even though we knew what we wanted to drink, he pushed the appetizers even though we didn't want any, and - the biggest issue of all - when presenting the (hefty) bill, he gave us the pitch for the 'Landry's club' - sign up for free and get points, discounts, blah blah ... pay $25 (even though 'free' ... it's credited to your first meal ...)... SURELY they should understand that if you go to a high-end restaurant you don't expect to be thinking about getting coupons and discounts at 10pm on a Friday night after a relaxing meal!
3	I went here with a large group for an early new year's eve dinner. Great location and ambience. Considering how busy they were, we had great service. The food was mostly good- just nothing memorable (I had the ahi tuna). The best thing we had was the key lime pie and the worst was the chopped salad, it was tasteless.  The wine list is average and beer list seriously needs some work.
1	First of all Service was Awful-   from the cranky old lady who sat us and read thru a script of stuff  while were trying to enjoy the view and start our evening. We said thank you and gave signs it was time for her to leave.         Then our waiter pushed the cocktails when we ordered a beer and martini  and then he tried again  later heard the waiters talking near our sections about some contest for drink orders.   But this place charges too much for the Applebee's style service.  Anyways the Prime Rib was good  but how do you mess that up when you have Lawry's in your name...     the fish was ewwwww and the rest was forgetable.   Save you Money and go Somewhere else.     The only thing worth a star is the View.    Staff was Awful and worthless.     Hopefully they close this place and put in a another concept, in that great location.
3	The food...delicious. The atmosphere...relaxing. The service...pretty spot-on. The pricing...ehhh, not my thing here. The only way I was able to eat here was because a family friend treated my family out. But if you're looking to spoil yourself or anyone you know, with food, this is the place to do it. I ordered the Chicken Romano (pan-seared with a blend of romano cheese & panko breadcrumbs, with lemon shallot butter, tomatoes, asparagus & yukon gold mashed potatoes). The chicken pan-seared with bread crumbs was great to eat, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.The asparagus... I've had better, but the yukon gold mashed potatoes were silky, buttery and made perfectly. They went well with the chicken romano.My dad ordered the NY Strip, and they were kind of enough to cut it up for him since he was handicapped. They checked up on us frequently. THE ONLY THING I WOULD COMPLAIN ABOUT WAS THEY ACTUALLY CAME UP AND ASKED IF I WAS DONE (ALREADY GRABBING AT MY PLATE) WHEN THE FORK WAS STILL IN MY MOUTH BECAUSE APPARENTLY I WAS STILL EATING. Since that ruined my entire experience thus far, I just told them to take it.In addition, the entire table got an order of the unlimited salad bar. The salad bar was great, but nothing like the choices offered at Souplantation. Also, because I ate the salad beforehand, I wasn't able to finish off the main entree I ordered. Will I be back? Probably not.
1	If you really LIKE cold seafood, tepid prime rib, then THIS is the restaurant for you!  Table of eight, seated quickly, waiter was a little flustered and brought the wrong item completely for one of our friends.  It happens. Our plates were well presented, and the meal looked fabulous, but it was cold.  Shrimp was cold, salmon was cold, fries were cold.  Three diners sent their plates back.  The prime rib was tepid, and the potatoes were warm.  Not hot.  So the diners who didn't have food simply entertained the ones who were eating.  That's the one star.  The waiter apologized, the manager apologized.  She didn't offer to comp ANYTHING, she didn't offer dessert or a glass of wine.  Oh, and the tip was already on the bill, 18%....which was probably a good thing for our inept waiter.  Don't bother, there are plenty of great places in Scottsdale to dine.
1	Service is slow server needs lesson
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants, and I seek them out any time I travel, hoping upon hope that this city has one.  It was just as good as I remembered.We had lobster lollipops and cocktails for a starter.  My Chopin-Vodka Dirty Martini was perfect.As usual, the Macademia Encrusted Mahi Mahi with a side of rice and the Chocolate Lava Cake (that you have to order at the beginning of the meal) were the stars of the menu...to me anyway.  They're just so damn good, I can rarely bring myself to order anything else...although I have before, and it's all good!Beautiful view and friendly service.  1 Appetizer, 4 meals, 1 Dessert, and 2 rounds of drinks cost around $250 so prepare for about ~$60/pp or maybe $40pp w/o drinks, appetizer, and dessert.I would also recommend the Award Winning Clam Chowder and the Mixed Grill.
2	The Chart House has been a restaurant that has been around for ages (nationally), and unfortunately, it's starting to show.  This seems to be a place that has "grown" with its clientele -- those people who come here are the same families that have been coming for years, but are now bringing their children and grandchildren.  There is nothing wrong with that (my family has its faves), but I might just be too late attempt to add another.  As such, the Chart House, while perfectly picturesque and with decent service, just isn't a culinary star in Scottsdale.More specifically, my wife and I ordered the coconut shrimp and the blue-cheese/panko crusted asparagus for appetizers.  Admittedly, the coconut shrimp was a "throw-away" dish -- it's our go-to at Outback, and we had a craving.  The asparagus was a bit different, but enjoyable -- it wasn't pretty, but it certainly had us talking about it as the high-point afterwards.  The macadamia crusted mahi was simply so-so.  While not bad, the fish wasn't flaky and the sauce (peanut something-or-other) was so heavy it masked the mahi flavor.  My wife's ceasar salad had 3 croutons in total on it -- not a deal breaker, but it seemed pre-prepared.  But the one thing that customers need to know, the prepared cocktails (at ~$10 a pop) and really light on the pours and even lighter on the flavor (e.g. pineapple caipirhana) -- we couldn't justify getting a second drink with the entree.We had high hopes for this place (we had been to the one in San Diego years ago), and unfortunately, it would not be a place we would actively choose to go again.  That being said, we wouldn't say "no" if someone really wanted to go.  In our estimation, it was simply an overpriced so-so restaurant.  If it weren't for the lovely view, I think our night would have underwhelmed completely.
3	The experience we had was just fine.  Food, service and wine list were all good - salad bar was good too.  I am not sure if I'd go out of my way to go back though.  There are a lot of trendy and fun places to dine in the Scottsdale area and this one seems to be like the "Grandfather of Scottsdale Dining" - older and almost antiquated.
3	I was expecting more here, than what was available. We were pretty much all alone with a party of 12 on a Monday evening at 8PM. The server Nick was great, had that Vin Diesel look going. His attention to detail was impecable.When we first arrived of course we went to the bar, and we all sat comfortably as we waited for the rest of our party. Our bartender was a dead ringer for Dennis Farina. The drinks were perfect, not too much alcohol and not watered down. We then were sat, and then ordered our meals. I had the lobster bisque which was very tasty until I got some dirt in my soup. It happens, but it did put a damper on the overall feeling. I then ordered the Filet and Lobster tail. I should have gone with the Prime Rib instead. The steak was a bit overdone for me, maybe having sat just a bit too long, and was really quite small for me. I think it was only a zix ounce portion. The lobster was done correctly. I also had the sizzling mushrooms, and to be honest button mushrooms on a sizzling fajita plate just didn't do it for me.The service for me is what made this a three star, not the food or the ambiance.
2	Was expecting a lot more for the price. Their focus is on seafood and I was expecting at least average is not better but it really missed the mark for me. Portions small and seafood not its freshest. Ambiance was nice but a little dated in the lighting and furniture.
4	A must try for special occasions. Try the espresso martini and the calamari. Best in town! Nice view, older crowd...probably because of the prices. Yummy food though. The Macademia Mahi seems to be a crowd pleaser and the crab stuffed tilapia is quite delicious!
5	Love this restaurant, beautiful setting with quality food and reasonable pricing. The soup trio app is fantastic, as are the lobster shrimp rolls! This place deserves more praise and recognition than it gets!!
2	On one hand, it was ambitious to be open on Christmas Day for dinner. On the other hand, they were simply understaffed and overwhelmed. Lots of customers (no one really wants to cook on Christmas), just a gorgeous looking restaurant. Good bar service, fast and attentive. But our poor waiter.....taking an order from a large table with difficult people (my relatives.....I'm sorry, God)....and having some manager type talking in his ear every 45 seconds. Oh dear. All of the food came out cold, overly sweet, just not very good.
1	The food was overpriced.  If you go on gift cards from one of the time shares chech your bill carefully. They charge u 18 percent tip and the house keeps part of it in other words they make u pay for the gift cards. They do not give it to the waiter and then they ask for more tip for the waiter. Also they have a 2 for $50 dollar menu u will not be allowed to order from so basically the gift cards are worthless there.  Very disappointed
1	The food was overpriced.  If you go on gift cards from one of the time shares chech your bill carefully. They charge u 18 percent tip and the house keeps part of it in other words they make u pay for the gift cards. They do not give it to the waiter and then they ask for more tip for the waiter. Also they have a 2 for $50 dollar menu u will not be allowed to order from so basically the gift cards are worthless there
1	The food was overpriced.  If you go on gift cards from one of the time shares chech your bill carefully. They charge u 18 percent tip and the house keeps part of it in other words they make u pay for the gift cards. They do not give it to the waiter and then they ask for more tip for the waiter. Also they have a 2 for $50 dollar menu u will not be allowed to order from so basically the gift cards are worthless there
1	House takes tips from waiters then charges you again. Be sure to check your receipts. When we arrived we had  a menu with prices on our table. One of the managers promptly took that menu off the table and gave us a new menu with the same items at twice the price. We had attended a time share meeting at Diamond Resorts and they had given us a 100.00 gift certificate for attending. They said they would make the reservations for us which they did. This is why the Chart House switched menus as they  figured we had an extra 100.00 to spend.We will never go back to this place.The waiter was great but very embarrassed for the menu switch. He didn't want to get into trouble about this issue so we paid cash, shorted the restaurant and gave the waiter a cash tip in his pocket.I wonder how many people attend those time share meetings and never know the prices have been jacked up.
5	I have had a great experience both times that I have eaten here. The food is very good and so is the service. My favorite is the macademian nut crusted Mahi Mahi and the chocolate Lava cake. My husband had the sea bass and was very happy. The server was a little robotic but everything came in a timely manner and she checked on us often. Overall, it was a very nice experience.
3	We used to go to this restaurant a few times a year when we lived closer to it and we loved it.  We decided to dine here again with some friends because it's 1/2 way between our houses.  We got seated right away at a nice table near the windows by the water. Our waiter took our dinner orders and our order for the hot lava cake since the menu states that it takes 30 mins.   When our food was brought out by someone else, we weren't too sure what happened.  Apparently I confused them by splitting a dinner with my husband because when it came out, my 1/2 of the lobster was on my friends dish.   So it was a little confusing.  The man who brought it out took it right back to correct it.  We tried to stop him saying, no big deal - we can figure this out.  But he took it anyway.  The food came back about 10mins later on the right plates - but our steaks were cooked again (no longer cooked to order) to warm them up and by that time the shrimp and lobster were cold.  Everything tasted great, but the prime rib that my husband and I split was more fat than meat.  And when we finished eating, the waiter asked if we wanted dessert.  What?  He did order our lava cake didn't he?  Turns out he did but was checking to make sure we didn't want something else.  The lava cake was the best part of the meal.  It was awesome.  Just like we remembered it.   So the dinner would have been excellent too if it wasn't for the plating mix-up..
2	When pulling up to this restaurant I had a great feeling. Such a pretty setting.... And that was the best thing I experienced here. The staff was rude and the food was not worth the price. It started with the host telling us that the patio was closed, even though we called at 3:30 earlier to verify we could have patio seating at 7:30. Did I mention that it is march in Phoenix and 75 degrees. Reluctantly, we were sat on the patio but the server made sure we paid for his inconvenience. He had to open an extra door. Every question or request was met with a snappy comment. We end up asking for a new server and the manager was mildly sympathetic. We would have left right away if we were not with other dinner guests and very hungry. They brought one of our guests the wrong meal and the food was good but not great. Over priced in my opinion. That being said the discounted our $300.00 bill by $75. I don't plan to go back anytime soon. If you choose to go here, good luck.
5	I have eaten here lots of times but just last Friday I went out for dinner and had Lobster. It was the sweetest Lobster that I have ever eaten outside of Maine, The view is great and the food is always first class.
5	It was a superb dining experience dining at the Chart House.  It was our 30th wedding anniversary and we had a view of the lake. The ambience was excellent as we watched the Sun go down on a host of ducks swimming.  The food was cooked superbly and reasonably priced.  We had the multiple course meal, for two, enjoying the divine Shrimp and Tilapia dishes.  The service was impeccable as the waiter attended our needs. I would recommend the Chart House to anyone wishing to have a wonderful dinning experience.
2	The waiter I had at this restaurant was absolutely awful. I had a party of 10 on a slow night. For our soups and salads, he forgot my soup, but brought everyone else's. whenever there was food left on someone's plate, or if they weren't finishing a drink fast enough for him, he would very awkwardly ask if we did not like whatever it was. This would be an okay question to ask maybe once to someone at our entire table if it truly looked like something was wrong, but he asked this question to every person at least once. He was overall just very awkward and provided bad service. When the food came, I was surprised to see that the plate was very dirty. The fish did not taste fresh and made me feel sick.
3	Great ambiance, great view, great location, very good service, but the meal was only okay.
4	This place was amazing! First of all, it's strategically placed right next to a large pond, which make the views beautiful... especially at sunset time! We started off with a Mango Mojito, which was absolutely delicious! Not overpowering on the mint or the mango! Very nicely done!Then, I opted for the Mixed Seafood Grill (grilled citrus salmon, shrimp scampi & a jumbo lump crab cake, served with Yukon Gold mashed potatoes & asparagus). Holy moly! There was so much food but it all tasted so delicious and was so flavorful! My favorite though would definitely have to be the shrimp scampi!We couldn't end the night without trying their dessert, that they sneakily talk you into when taking your order. The Hot Chocolate Lava Cake takes 30 minutes to make, so you have to order it when you order your food... and let me tell you, it was definitely worth every calorie! Such a yummy, chocolately goodness!I will say that this place is pretty pricey, so I wouldn't go often. But definitely worth it for a nice evening out! I would definitely go back!
1	Our waiter was great but I'm sorry but I don't like hearing the manager yell at his employees right near our table. The food is sub par. I could have a better salad at super salad.
4	This place is a great place for an awesome seafood dinner for a special occasion.  Our server was attentive, our appetizers came out in great time and we're delicious.  I wish we would have got seated near the window since the place wasn't full at all, but oh well.  Also, the sauce in the shrimp linguine dish tasted like it had half a bottle of wine poured into it.  I certainly didn't mind but someone whom doesn't like a heavy wine sauce wouldn't be too happy.We will definitely be back!
1	Last night we had the WORST dining experience ever!  Normally we love the Chart House. We are even Landry club card members.  It took 15 minutes to get even a glass of water, another 20 to get a glass of wine, 40 minutes to receive our COLD entree.  The waitress  was running.  Where was the manager..arguing with other patrons!!!  Why didn't he help out if they were short staffed? Maybe he needs to take a lesson in being on the team!  Don't know if we will ever come back.  Sad, as we have been loyal customers for over 25 years.  People, find somewhere else to dine.
4	We had a lovely evening here. The service was good and the food was excellent. I had the macadamia crusted mahi and loved it. My husband commented that the salad bar was very good and enjoyed his prime rib. They have a great wine selection. Beautiful view, also!
4	Wow, good seafood in Arizona and a table with a water view.  Does it get any better than that?For my wife's birthday she wanted seafood. I made a reservation and told them it was my wife's birthday. When we arrived the hostess wished my wife a happy birthday and she gave us specially printed happy birthday menus.  Nice touch.  She also asked us if we wanted to be seated or if we'd like to wait about 5 minutes and get a table overlooking the water.  That was a no-brainer.For appetizers I had the calamari (delicious!) and my wife had their New England clam chouder (also delicious!).  Main courses were Mediterranean Shrimp for me and Shrimp/Linguini for my wife.  We tasted each other's meal - both were very good but I liked the Mediterranean Shrimp better.For dessert we shared their chocolate lava cake.  This concoction has about 2,000 calories per spoonful but it's worth the extra 10 hours you'll spend in the gym.Overall this was a wonderful meal.  I took a star off for the so-so waiter service.
3	They say, you can never go home, or go back. Well, I've never bought into that. Over the years, we've been in almost a dozen or so Chart Houses. Sadly, many have closed due to whatever corporate reorg was going on at the time. I miss the ones in Steamboat and Newport, RI the most. Great locations and views. So it was with some excitement that we made reservations here for Easter Sunday dinner. Surprisingly, we have never been to this location.We arrived a few minutes before six and found our hostess in a middle of a hiccups fit. I offered to frighten her but she decline. I guess I was scary enough. LOLThere was also some confusion over our reservations, but it didn't last long. We were escorted to our table, over by the window with a magnificent view of the lake. You got to give Chart House credit for choosing some great locations!We started with a glass of Merlot and Pinot each. Both were very good for house wines. We also opted for the salads, the warm bacon dressing was delicious, as was the Caesar.Things started slowly declining from here. I asked about getting their Callahan Prime Rib End Cut ($33.99). Seems the kitchen couldn't make up their minds if they had one. First it was no, then yes and finally surprise, they delivered a regular cut. It was tasteless with no flavor at all. When we were paying I mentioned it to our server, all they could say was, "oh yeah."  Grrr. LOL. The other entree was their Beef Tenderloin Medallions ($31.99) which was very good. For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Lava Cake to share with some coffee. It came damaged and somewhat of a mess. LOL. See our photo, versus the Chart House one. Our waiter apologized saying they should have been picked it up sooner. (Okay, why didn't you bring us another one?). The current owners of Chart House is Landry, a very classy and sharp organization.  I would suggest they work on this location before they need to close this one too. Our bill, including two glasses of wine ran us $80.00 a person, including taxes and gratuities. Now why didn't we go to Capital Grill I wonder?  Well, maybe next time.For a positive review of a Chart House, I call your attention to my friend Norm's recent experience in Las Vegas. http://www.yelp.com/biz/forte-european-tapas-bar-and-bistro-las-vegas?hrid=Gpo-2lh59Bru8sKqgRm5Hw
3	I made a reservation late on a Saturday for me and a friend after a long day of moving (seafood sounded good) and we ended up with the best seat in the house for a 'romantic dinner' LOL!  My girlfriend Kristen and I found it quite enjoyable too hahah!  Look at the photos; it was the only table in the corner facing the 'waterfront' with two walls of windows.  I highly recommend the bacon/spinach chopped salad!!! Yumyum!  I don't recommend the small salad bar for $16.99!!!! I do want to try their Cesar salad, it looks quite delicious.  I don't recommend the soup sampler...save your self the hassle and just order a full bowl of the lobster bisque or the clam chowder.  The Calamari is called Calamari & Friends...get it without the friends!  It comes with fried vegetables mixed-in (carrots, peppers etc).  I personally like my veggies fresh, not fried and my calamari lonely with lemon :) They did accommodate my preference when I asked for plain, lightly breaded and fried calamari.  And they did not over fry it to death like many places do in the valley.  I have eaten at Chart House a few times with my friend Kristen and she has gotten the crab cake every time, so I think it is safe to assume it is delicious!  I have had many of their fish dishes (halibut, mahi mahi, and salmon) and all have been good.  Nothing particularly stood out, but it was all great to eat which is why I come back.  Good seafood can be a rough find in the desert.  Service here is a bit dicey, you never know what you are going to get, some are better than others.  I also always feel like they are trying to hard sell me on more food, which annoys me.  Many times when I opt for seafood I am trying to eat 'lighter' and I don't need somebody hounding me to eat a four course meal.  I have had the lava cake here once and I give it two thumbs up!  It is quite large for a lava cake too so you can definitely share....if you want :)  As for location, obviously other Chart Houses are on the beach and have amazing locations, but for Scottsdale I guess it is as close to 'waterfront' as you can get!
4	Recently a buddy of mine and I flew into town on a home rebuilding project. I don't often travel but when I do, I try to find a good steak during my stay. I've had some good success in eating a premier plate.Nice seating as a walk-in. Got a nice seat overlooking the lake. Clean and high end.Saw a celebrity. Me. This place would have made for a nice romantic experience however I was traveling with a buddy and I was not looking for a Bromance...A little pricey, nice experience and good food. Watch for the roaming ducks and geese.=RAY=
4	Great experience  dining here. From the moment my date and I walked in, I was greeted and treated like royalty. They catered to every need and attempted to find a great window seat indoors. As they checked we sat at the elegant bar they have there and had a drink while we waited a short 3 minutes or so. When the hostess came back we were presented with two options!!  A seat near a window with a lake view or a table outside above the lake (which we chose) which was very nice, romantic and private as we ended up being the only guests outside on their outdoor seating. The food was great! We ordered a mixed scallops dish, lobster tail, lobster bisque, oysters and  asparagus - we finished every bit of it. Chart house has a great selection of red wine specifically and the wine bottle we didn't finished - they allowed us to cork it and take it home with us as we had other alcoholic beverages we had ordered and felt tipsy enough with.The waiter was very attentive , but did tend to talk an extended time when he would do so.... I think he liked the eye candy I had with me ;)All in All, this is a great, classy and clean restaurant to come to. The cost was a bit up there, but was expected. If I remember correctly, the bill was a little over $200.00If your looking for a good seafood menu, this is a place to come .Sit outside by the lake (around 9pm or later of course as it is hot during summer) as you will also have views of Camelback Mt. as well.P.S. - their dessert is phenomenal too! :)
5	Food was awesome. I had the shrimp trio and it was delicious. The lava cake is to die for!!!Our service was fantastic. The manger hit every table making sure everything was perfect. It was a perfect special occasion dinner.
5	Located over a lake in the scottsdale area serves fresh fish daily and high end cuts of meat.
5	Went here for the first time.  The restaurant inside was stunning and as night fell it was just beautiful in this place.  Out server Amanda H. was the best server we had ever had.  She as so on the ball and so polite, she made our visit great.  Our meal was the Cruchy coconut shrimp with the crab fried rice and then to begin with we had the shopped spinach salad.  That salad was out of this world with warm bacon dressing.  Out entire experience was top notch, we will definetly go back for another great meal and night out.Claudia Wirick
3	This place is just okay. Let me start by saying the staff and the service was fantastic! No problems there.On the night we went it was around 7:30pm and the place was mostly empty. They had everyone who was there seated at tables right next to each other all in the same room.   I guess they wanted everyone to have a scenic window seat but it made for a very crammed and loud dinner experience. It was our fault that we didn't ask to be moved. The food was just okay. I feel that we could have had just as good a meal at an average chain restaurant and paid half the price. The desert was very good though.Again, the staff and service were great! Absolutely no complaints there. The food however was just mediocre for what you're paying.
4	Lovely meal! The filet mignon was cooked perfectly, and the stuffed tilapia was perfect! We had the chocolate lava cake for desert...AWESOME! Dinner for two without alcohol was over $100..
3	We were there to celebrate an event. When we made the reservation they promised we would be seated by the window. They lied as all the tables by the windows only seat 4 & we had 5 in our party.  The calamari comes with fried jalapenos & other things not on the menu so beware. The appz were very very overpriced for what you rcvd. Everything is a la cart. The salad bar is very basic except for the caviar & way way over priced. The salad bar @ sweet tomatoes is by far so much better. I wanted to taste their soup but was disappointed to know it is not really homemade but the stock comes from a can. How sad to know a seafood restaurant has clam chowder which comes from a can.  The scallops with wasabi cream sauce along with the wild caught salmon & grilled green beans were really good. The key lime pie, was odd as they put some sort of meringe on top & it was very sweet. The mud pie was very good. Party if 5 with apps, entrees. Desserts the bill plus tip came out to about $45.00per person. Somewhat over orice for the amount of food.  The waiter, Deborah was great.
1	We were recent guests at this restaurant. Diplomatically, I don't remember being more offended by the quality of our food. Mercifully, I can only recall that I had scallops which were flabby and tasteless, presented on a bed of mashed potatoes with a side of asparagus that was smothered in a horrible cream sauce. How do you make asparagus uneatable? An appetizer of lobster bisque was heavy and lacked any resemblance to a quality composition. It made me think of Campbell's creamed tomato soup. The ubiquitous and much encouraged lava cake was an uninteresting throwback to the 50s, as was the tired decor of the room. I couldn't even drown my sorrow in a decent glass of wine. Congratulations, Chart House, on presenting one of the most thoughtless wine lists I've encountered, which is saying something, since most wine lists are poorly constructed. The featured Rodney Strong Sauvignon blanc was an over oaked mess. Whatever my wife ordered, and took away in a doggie bag, went straight into the garbage can when we got home. And the prices! Holy Mother of God, this place ain't cheap. At least I wasn't paying, but I felt sorry for the poor sap who was. Service was polite and pedestrian, if not a bit pushy on their apparent signature dishes. Well, I'm signing off on this joint.
2	Came for Happy Hour on Friday Sept 26.  We were seated promptly.  The waiter took our drink order, then returned ten minutes later.  We ordered a few happy hour appetizers.  We asked for some bread & butter while we were waiting. He advised us that b & b is usually not served during happy hour but he will make an exception & bring us some (really?). The appetizers came out but not b & b. Although, a few dollars less expensive during Hh, they were bland.  The waiter returned after we were done & asked  if we would like another round of drinks but we declined. Still waiting for the b & b. Needless to, say, we never received any, no apology & not even mentioned.We paid the check, and will never return.  Food was Meh and service was sub par.BTW, the place needs a makeover
4	Loved this place! Chart house has a great view to Camelback and is a really comfortable, enjoyable place for dinner. We attended during restaurant week and had two great dinners. The salad bar to start was complete stocked with fresh vegetables and other toppings. The macadamian nut crusted shrimp was to die for. And my boyfriend enjoyed the prime rib. All was great, and very nice ambiance. We were lucky enough to look right over the lake to camelback mountain.
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I don't think this was our servers fault entirely, but everything that could have possibly been wrong with a dining experience happened at this place.  I have never been to another Chart House location but I have been to other Landry's restaurants with mixed results.  This place however was one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time.  My girlfriend and I came here because it was down the road from the hotel we're staying at and they offer 1000 point reservations on Open Table.  We had reservations at 8:45 at night so I guess maybe they were wrapping up for the night but for the prices they charge I would expect the same level of service anytime they are open.We were seated and our server Joe took our orders promptly.  We both ordered dirty gin martinis and bread was brought out promptly afterwards.  We also ordered oysters when we place our drink orders.  After a good 10 minutes we got our oysters which is reasonable for an appetizer order, but still no drinks.  After eating all of our bread and starting to eat our oysters we were still left without our drink orders.  Finally after I would say was 15 to 20 minutes we received our drinks.  I ordered my martini with blue cheese stuffed olives which weren't available at the time so he brought out regular olives until they could be made which was fine.  However he made my martini completely different from the other martini (it was made "perfect" which i guess is equals part gin and vermouth).  He did ask if I wanted it remade and I said I would give it a try since I didn't know how long it would be until I received another drink.  During this time it looked like he was the only server left on with 4 tables left to serve so I am not sure if this was the servers fault or the bartenders in regards to how long it took get my drink but that long of wait and to have it come out wrong is inexcusable.   And that was just the drinks.   We place our orders for dinner and I ordered the large cut of the prime rib and the salad bar while my girlfriend ordered a side caeser salad and an appetizer.  I went and had the salad bar which was actually pretty descent.  I would even go as far as saying the salad bar was the highlight of the meal but I can get that at golden corral.  I proceeded to eat my salad since at this point we probably there for 30 minutes and at that point only had just received our drinks and had bread and oysters.  I finished my salad bar plate and my girlfriend had to wait another 10 minutes before receiving her salad.  The entire timing of how they brought our food was pretty poor overall.  After finishing our salads, they brought out our entrees.  I ordered the 18oz prime rib medium rare and my girlfriend ordered an appetizer that had raw ahi tuna and tuna tartare.  Her food actually looked somewhat appetizing and was somewhat tasty.  My prime rib however was nowhere remotely close to be cooked medium rare.  I understand I ordered a large cut of prime rib but it was brought out almost 90% well done through out.   I'm not sure if at the time of plating it was cooked like that or it had sat there for a while and thats why it was so well done but it no way is it ever acceptable to bring out a cut of meat so far from what you ordered.  It would be one thing if maybe it was medium or medium well but this was definitely well done.   At this point I almost was going to tell the server to not even bother to bring me another one because again I had no idea how long it would take to receive my food again.  I brought it to the attention of my server and he assured me it shouldn't take very long since it was medium rare.  It was brought out shortly after and the prime rib was close to medium rare.  It was OKAY.  Nothing to write home about.  In the end we received our bill which was $128, which would be just fine for a descent meal somewhere but for our experience was not even remotely worth the money.   Our server was nice enough but i think he just didn't have support from managers, bartenders, or the kitchen.  Overall I would say this was one of the poorest restaurant experiences I've had in a while.  I would say avoid this place like the plague.  Too bad because it is convenient location with a good atmosphere.
2	We had a party 11 for my mothers birthday and were very much looking forward to a pleasant experience. Let me start with the good. The setting is stunning beautiful with the lake. The restaurant was clean and had a great ambiance. The girl that was assisting our server was very sweet and did great.  Now the bad, our server was Bob, and he was rude from the beginning. He rolled his eyes when I asked if my party of three could be on a separate check. The same response occurred when I asked him to put my mother's birthday cake in the kitchen until desert. So, the prices here are high, but we expected this. When our food arrived it was cold, and my brother's $37 sea bass was also over cooked. Then, my sister ordered her after dinner cappacino and Bob says under his breath "I don't have time for this."  We made sure that Bob's tip reflected his attitude and level of service. So, needless to say the experience was disappointing, but we still enjoyed each other.
2	Very dated...
