3	I wrote a semi-scathing review of the Ajo Al's on 16th street, but I want to make clear that this particular store is considerably better than its Phoenician counterpart. I'm not sure exactly what it is that makes this experience so much better, but I think it's a blend of the ambiance and the food. First off, the decor is much nicer, and the art more tasteful, and the food is just plain better. Don't get me wrong, it still doesn't make my top ten mexican food spots in Phoenix, but it isn't bad for Tex-Mex.Great for gringos looking for some satisfying grub, without wanting to burn anything or overwhelm the taste buds.
3	Ajo Al's offers relatively expedient service (90% of the time at least) with slightly above average mexican cuisine. The food is more of a Gringo style mexican cuisine not the Sonoran style "border slop" that my wife prefers but it is reliably good. The staff is friendly, the environment is tastefully well decorated, and the service is good 90% of the time.
3	Used to go to Al's a LOT over the past 5+ years.  Wife and I moved away for a couple years, now back...  Unfortunately the food seems to be of a less quality.  Ajo Al's used to be the best Mexican food around...hopefully they go back to a higher quality of food or if it is the same...better chef?
5	I don't know which one I went to.I went once a few years back, but ALL i remember is:Pollo con Queso.AMAZING.and Cheese Crisps.Californians.. you don't know what you're missing.Just enough cheese.Just enough crispy tortilla.But the Chicken smothered in cream cheese and cheddar- is to die for. Or at least drive over the state line for.The reason I go to Arizona [besides family] is all about the Mexican food.
4	Must have been a bad day last month...Pollo Con Queso was EXCELLENT!  Still have some left overs in the fridge!!  YUMMY... Breakfast tomorrow!!
3	Solid restaurant. A gringo wonderland. I have lost my license and needed a dinner spot close enough to my hotel that I wouldn't run the risk of getting pulled over (i'm a hysterical driver...watch out Phoenix) and Ajo Al's reviews were pretty decent so I headed down to get some fish tacos. I was scared about anything saying "Del Mar" after my Frank & Lupe's experience but though the Hawaiian Ono in the Tacos del mar ($11.95) was previously frozen, it was an enjoyable experience. I've never had Ono and to me the texture was like that of swordfish, which is just fine for a tiny soft taco. It was a little chewy, but again that's because it's frozen. The beans and rice were okay, and there was some sauce for the tacos that was okay too...not exciting enough for me to remember what the sauce was though, or what it tasted like. When seated you will be presented with the world's largest basket of ultra thin tortilla chips you've ever seen, whether you are one person or 6. They were a little greasier than i prefer BUT they were warm and that makes them yummier. I don't think I would go back here but I don't regret trying it. It was a good meal and the servers are very friendly and welcoming.
5	Food was great!  We went back a few more times since November.  I'm very glad Al's fixed the issues that they were having and went back to very good food again.
3	I've had take-out from this location a few times since it's conveniently located next to my husband's office, but dined in for the first time recently.  A solid 3.5 stars.The restaurant is nicely decorated, and we had excellent service as well.  While I enjoy the hole-in-the wall places with the best Mexican food, sometimes I want to read a menu that doesn't offer me the opportunity to sample the food the last patrons spilled all over it.  And sometimes I want to use a restroom that has actually been cleaned in the last month.  For this I sacrifice great food for good food on occasion and Ajo Al's fits the bill.
1	I am completely and utterly confused about these reviews?!! For years I have heard about how great the food is and how people always by the salsa and chips. I ordered a burrito of some type and cut it open and then water yep..water poured out of this burrito. I was like WTF?I regretly tried a bite and it was dry flavorless and the little flavor it did have tasted like fish!!! The water must have been from it being premade and frozen, Or almost rotten and frozen to save it a few extra days.The chips were stale and thick gross had a strange flavor. The salsa was so gross it was unedible. What is wrong with you people, did you drop acid before you ate here?
4	I have an addiction to Jalapeno Cream Cheese.  There, I admitted it!  I am not sure what it is about this sinful substance, but it keeps drawing me back in again and again.  I have to say that Ajo Al's version is one of the best out there.  I usually get the Beef Flautas with the cream cheese and a side of beans.  It is even tastier to mix some of the cream cheese with the beans!  The pollo fundido is also excellent, of course, it too has the cream cheese!  They do a good job on the classics as well, enchiladas, tacos and I love their salsa too!  Overall, a quality place serving Sonoran style favorites.
3	Went to Ajo Al's because my parents love the place (they eat anything). We walked in and waited for someone to seat us and waited and waited and waited. A full 5 minutes later, no lie - it was 5 minutes, someone did finally come to us to ask if we were helped. We got to our table, we received 2 bowls of chips, all chips were tiny tiny, ya know the chips at the bottom of the bag. Looked like they didn't want to cook fresh chips so they served the crumbs that they had. Nevertheless, chips are chips so we still ate them. I ordered the cheese conqueso dip and when the server delivered it was very thin, almost a liquid consistency. I didn't want to say anything but my mom did and the waiter brought us shredded cheese that we added to the conqueso and made it right, ourselves (aren't we paying someone to do this for us?)Anyway, besides everything that happened BEFORE getting our lunch, lunch was fabulous. Like always, their food is great. Maybe an off night? I would have rated it more but they need to work on a few things!#1 customer service! especially in a society that is going through a recession.
2	I'm from Philadelphia so when I first moved here I thought this place was so good, what do I know, I'm from the east coast. The longer I have lived here, (7 years now) I realized how many Mexican restaurants are better than this place. Each time I went it got worse and worse, not only the food, but the service. Annoying things like not enough tequila in my margarita, cold meat in my taco and cold cheese on my Mexican pizza. Even if those things didn't happen I would still would not ever be going back.
1	This resaurant has consistently gone down hill for the last 5 years. I have been going here since the granding opening when I was 10 years old. It was always the best around. Not quite sure what has happened maybe their chef got deported?? Food is not the same!!! Bring your real chef back PLEASE!! Also the menu prices have gone up and up and up. Worse food higher cost Not a recipe for success
3	Had a nice meal here today. Not my normal type of spot (prefer the more authentic divey types) but had some colleagues that wanted to hit it.Service was great. Chips were good and were replenished throughout. Salsa was tasty. Drinks were kept filled.As far as the food, it came out quickly, was hot and tasted good. Our table did 3 orders of pollo fundido (me included) and a shredded beef chimichanga. Nothing crazy but no complaints from anybody at the table. Though we did the poco lunch size, all of us had enough for another snack. Beans & rice were nice enough as well.  In some of the more chain-type spots, I find myself skipping on the rice & beans once I try them.  Wasn't the case here. They were good and I would have cleaned my plate if I didn't find myself ridiculously full about 2/3 of the way in.While I won't seek out Ajo Al's, I definitely won't cringe as I sometimes do when work colleagues lead me to chains. I guess it is a local chain with only 4 locations after all.No complaints.
5	I've been coming to this location for about 10 years. The margaritas are some of the best I've had anywhere, frozen or on the rocks. I typically order the flautas, tostadas, or tacos and have never been disappointed. Its a nice family place to go for good food, and a place to catch up.
3	The food at Ajo Al's is decent and very Americanized.  For those of you who are seeking authentic Mexican food this is certainly not the place.  I have eaten at this location many times over the better part of the past decade, and unfortunately I believe that the quality of the food has been in a gradual decline.  When I started coming here the portions were huge and the quality was consistently good.  More recently the portions have been smaller and the dishes have been less consistent.  In particular, I am a creature of habit so I usually get the chicken enchiladas.  Previously, the chicken enchiladas would have been dominating the plate with their overwhelming size and juicy meat.  More recently the chicken has been dry and the plate has been taken over by the rice and beans.    The AYCE chips and salsa are a nice touch, but I would prefer paying a little bit more for slightly larger portions and better-cooked food than getting copious portions of chips.
4	The only items worth getting here are the pollo blanco enchiladas, the chimichanga or the mexican pizza. The trifecta will not disappoint. If you order anything else, don't come complaining to me!
4	First time at this location last night. I used to visit the one near 16th and Camelback in Phoenix years ago. I'm glad to know there is one right down the road (it's not very noticeable - small signs).Nice atmosphere, good service, and solid tex-mex style food (this is far from an authentic south-of-the-border experience). The soft tacos were well prepared with fresh ingredients. The rice and beans were excellent (the mark of a good Mexican joint). The salsa is above average, but go ahead and request the hot stuff.
4	I have been to Ajo Al's probably over 50 times over the last 15 years. This is definitely one of my favorite mexican restaurants. The chips are a bit greasy, but taste amazing. If you like hot salsa, request the "hot red salsa". You have to ask for it, they don't just bring it out. For years I would gorge myself on the gigantic Pollo Con Queso entree. I really don't enjoy over eating & a couple years ago I discovered the mini chicken chimi's on the kids meal... I order that, asking for it "con queso style" and I still have left overs to take home! They also have an awesome seasonal Watermelon margarita. If it's not currently on the menu, the mango margarita is delicious as well!
2	Scratch my last review.  I'd rather give up the clean restrooms after all.  I was really disappointed at my last visit.  And let me tell you, it's hard to disappoint me if I'm having Mexican food.  But the salsa was blah, the green chile was blah, everything was blah.I really should have considered the dire Mexican food situation in Scottsdale before moving here.  Now not only is my house worth less than my car, but I'm driving into Phoenix to eat anyway!
2	We have been going to Ajo Al's for 10 years. We have always been satisfied with the food, but not today. I usually order either a chicken tostada or a chicken and bean tostada or a bean tostada. Today, I ordered the bean tostado and it was smaller than its ever been. I didn't say anything, but more than likely wouldn't order it again. It seems to be a trend with restaurants right now to reduce their serving sizes. Well, guess what, I won't be frequenting the ones who do. We ordered two cadillac margaritas at $8 apiece. You would think the least we could have expected would have been decent size portions of food. Our total bill was $39 plus tip. No way, Jose. So, if you're looking for an appetizer, the bean tostada is a good choice. If you're looking for a lunch size portion, the bean tostada is not it. Hey, Al, feel free to comment.
3	Had lunch here.Service was pretty good. They were very good about ensuring we had enough chips and salsa.(Providing chips and salsa should be a mandatory thing for mexican food places, but I've actually been to some that don't.I haven't been back.)Ordered a green chile burrito, enchilada style, and split it with my girlfriend.Honestly, for the price, I was expecting something more.A teaspoonful of refriend beans, and perhaps an ounce of rice, accompanied a burrito that couldn't have been more than maybe 6 or 8 ounces.The flavor was good, and the food was delicious, but the value was certainly lacking.It's not likely that I'll return. Which is unfortunate for them and me, given I work just a few blocks away.
3	Solid food and a cozy atmosphere. I love Mexican food, but can't stand how it typically comes in only two styles. Dirty and cheap. Or fancy and way overpriced. Ajo's Al's is that much needed middle ground. Delivering some quality food, but doesn't try to be upscale. We went on Saturday night at 7:30. The place was pretty busy, but we were still seated right away and water and chips and Salsa were on the table just seconds later (which was great because I was starving). The waitress was really friendly, and she did something I really appreciate. When I ordered the Relleno Chicken Dinner, she warned me that it was covered in a very spicy sauce. I happen to love spicy food, but warning customers about something that's not written on the menu is what a good server should do. The Relleno was excellent. It was wonderful to have a chicken and cheese stuffed pepper that wasn't deep fried. And she wasn't kidding about the sauce! With Rice and Beans, and the chips and salsa, I was more than set for the night. My girlfriend tried the Ono Fajitas. I applaud the effort of trying to cook a fish fajita, but it didn't work out so well. The fish was a little over cooked, and it's probably a result of sitting in the skillet. It wasn't too bad, but I tried a piece and wouldn't recommend it. The restaurant itself is very casual. It's pretty much on par with the set up of any Mexican family restaurant chain. I really enjoyed dining here on a random Saturday night.
2	Ajo Al's needs a face lift; the place is falling apart. Ripped carpet, dirty bathrooms, no toilet seat covers for women! and constant dripping sink.Servers are really good, polite and kind. Chips taste like cardboard, soak them in salsa. Food is marginal.
3	Every time I have visited Ajo Al's (any location) my food has been served up with at least one hair in it. I don't get it?! Do they have a salon in the back? Perhaps the staff gets ready when they arrive to work? Anyhow, hair aside, I actually like the food here. The beans are delish, rice cooked well, chips crisp and salsa fresh. I also have great service every time. I like the bar at this particular location, too. The bartenders have always been friendly and it's awesome for people watching while patrons wait outside the front doors for a table. (Take note: yes, we can see you from the bar, but it's hard to see in). If they invested in hairnets this place would be a little more than "a-okay"! So keep an eye out for strays and if you manage to get your food sans the extra protein, you will certainly enjoy this place!
4	I have been coming here for 8 yrs. and have always enjoyed my dining experience. This is Mexican/Americanized but still some of the best in the area.Service is prompt and friendly with a welcome and appreciative feeling. . The nice warm chips and salsa start the evening. The menu covers most dishes you recognize and the atmosphere is bustling and alive. Outdoor dining is also available.I am not afraid to bring my Midwest tourists here as this is what they are familiar with as "Mexican" food. They are not dissappointed. Quality has never been compromised over price here.I am always served promptly and have never had a bad experience with service here. The ingredients are fresh and well prepared, I  recommend any of the chicken entrees.  Portions are big enough for take home snacking. If you are in the neighborhood and looking for local Mexican I recommend Ajo Al's.
3	I'm not overly impressed with Ajo Al's. I was dining with a large group, so maybe that explains the waitress's snappy demeanor. I didn't feel very welcome in this restaurant. Luckily I had some wonderful company make up for this!Chips and salsa were kind of generic...and the salsa was presented in these carafes...not overly appetizing, but that's just me. Usually I find myself going back to the chip basket, but I found it surprisingly easy to hold myself back before our entrees arrived. I had the chicken fajitas. You know the best part of fajitas?  The sounds, smells and attention each sizzling skillet receives as it's carried out of the kitchen. Sadly, mine had none of these attributes. A couple people in my party had this pleasure, but I did not. My only guess is my plate was sitting under a heat lamp as the first round of orders were carried out. Perhaps I should've ordered something else. On the plus side, the guac was incredibly fresh, the tortillas were tender, and the rice was very good.
4	I love this place! It is a great family Mexican joint!  I usually get the chicken fajitas or the spinach enchiladas! Both are great.
4	Every trip to Phoenix, we find ourselves at Ajo Al's. It's got somewhat of a nostalgia factor for my husband. In light of this, be forewarned that my rating might be inflated.I always get the flauta dinner -chicken is better than beef, for sure- they are juicy and stuffed (no meat skimping here!) and well flavored. Beans and rice are pretty good too.My biggest complaint would be in regards to the drink selection. Margaritas are plentiful and varied, but if you're not a tequila person (I'm not) you're pretty much  stuck with soda or beer. Eh. Wish they'd make mojitos or horchata or something.Service is mediocre but usually not lacking, decor is a little random - don't come here if you want something "classy;" but with the right expectations and some fond memories, this place delivers.
1	Great service and wonderful server but the food coming out of the kitchen was not good!Times are tuff I understand, we have to cut corners....I understand but when the chips taste like "Blah" and the salsa has that tin-y taste its time to regroup and figure out the priorities.My buddy had chicken tacos and gave them a 2 and I had the stacked enchiladas and gave them a 1.  I would not call this Sonoran food I would call this Tex-Mex and that is what I just got done putting up with for 20 years!    Ajo Al it is time to up your game!Please do not discount this establishment based on my experience...give Ajo AL a chance and form your own opinion.   I want independents to excel but I also want to be wowed!  Did not happen today, but the employees have life and the place has a good vibe!
4	We've been coming to this Ajo Al's since 1993 when we first moved to Arizona.  We have seen staff members come and go but they have maintained very good consistency with service and quality of food.  We have been to other Ajo Al's in the valley but this one is our favorite and it's close to home. We have experienced different service and even slightly different tasting food (good or bad) from each of them so please consider where you are eating.My family teases me because I get the very same thing every time we go.  Ground beef burrito with rice and beans added inside the burrito with two sides of shredded cheese and one side of sour cream.  I cover the burrito in the mild salsa too. They say it should be a regular on the menu..."Bill's Burrito".You have to try the Queso dip.  Hot, cheesy and very good!  My family assures me everything else is great!  Machacha Chimi and Pappa Jack enchiladas are very good according to them.At this location, get there a little early on Friday and Saturday nights or there will be a short wait for a table.  Weeknights are okay anytime.We take all our visiting, out of town friends to Ajo Al's to enjoy good Mexican food!
4	I just recently tried this place for the first time. My boyfriend and I shared the Pizza Nortena, which was like heaven in my mouth. I love those fried chicken chimichangas with the spicy cream cheese sauce on them (pollo fundido I believe they are called) and I love pizza. This is basically pollo fundido on top of pizza. Sooooooo good, and gigantic. We had left overs, which tasted a-may-zing cold. The chips and salsa are delish too, and they aren't afraid to refill them for you, which is good for me because I like to spoil my din din by going to town on freebies. The service here is also good. The servers are nice and attentive. And a big plus for me is that it is CLEAN. I cant even count how many times I have had Mexican food in a filthy restaurant. Now, don't get me wrong, I love hole in the wall places, but in a sit down place that charges normal, not hole in the wall prices, I don't want to swat at fruit flies while eating my pollo fundido.I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet, but I will definitely go back.
5	The first time I visited Scottsdale in the spring of 1990, my cousin took me to this Aho Al's, and I have been hooked ever since.  Every time I come back to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I make it part of my ritual to find the closest Aho Al's to partake of their delicious cuisine.  Is it authentic Mexican food?  Probably not.  But my wife grew up in southern Colorado and she swears the green chili relleno here is as good as it gets.  Even though we have a fairly decent sized Hispanic population in the Kansas City area, so far none of the so-called Mexican restaurants that we have tried have measured up.I normally get a chicken chimichanga, but this time I opted for seafood enchiladas with shrimp.   I was not disappointed.  For my wife, the green chili relleno - and on this trip, no heart-burn after the fact.  She loved it, as always.  One thing that can often be overlooked and understated are the free corn tortilla chips they serve you after you are seated at your table.  Their salsa is okay, but their tortilla chips are the best restaurant chips I have ever had, period.  I have to watch myself so as not to ruin my appetite by gorging on the chips before my meal arrives.  Service was great, as usual.  Prices are reasonable.Overall, this trip, as all the others, was excellent.  Needless to say, next time we come to the area, we'll be checking out Aho Al's again, whatever the location.
4	Wonderful Nacho chips, great Spinach enchiladas, Excellent Service.
3	What a strange bunch of reviews for this restaurant.  Of course, you always get a few people who had a bad experience, sometimes because of something the restaurant did and sometimes because they just had a bad day.  And of course you always find a few people who LOVE everything.  But the mixture here makes me wonder if there aren't two restaurants named Ajo Al's at this address, or perhaps a time warp, virtual reality, or witch's spell.The truth is -- Ajo Al's is an average old-school Mexican restaurant.  The chips are ok, the salsa is ok, meaning if you are hungry you'll eat them.  Some of the entrees are good, but you have to know what to order.  I recommend the chicken enchilada, which is overflowing with white meat chicken.  Some entrees are just decent, like the beef tamale -- lots of beef filling but it had a lackluster flavor.  The beef tacos are ok, the rice is ok, the whole beans are ok.If you just need a quick fix of standard Mexican, and Ajo Al's is conveniently nearby, I don't think you will be seriously offended.  If you want anything more, this is not your burrito, amigo.
3	Ajo Al's is pretty much a Phoenix staple in the sense that it's been around for a long, long, while. This is your generic Mexican food. It's perfect for a family-dinner, perfect for a casual dinner and perfect for one (or several) margaritas. The atmosphere here is casual with the character of a Mexican restaurant. I enjoy the food here when I'm in the mood for something hearty and cheesy. Their Salad Carbon is absolutely amazing. It's the opposite of fat free but that's what makes it so good right? This salad comes with either marinated steak or chicken and it's topped with mushrooms, avocado, shredded cheese that melts with the heat of the meat and this delicious Jalepeno ranch dressing. It's a must if you visit.
5	I really love Ajo Al's! I've been to all the locations and they are all uniquely decorated which makes the trip to each one that much more exciting!!The food at each location slightly varies, which adds to the excitement as well. My girlfriends and I love taste testing different entrees and comparing them. With that said we've never had a bad meal here before!!
3	Ate here recently for lunch, the food was great! the price was great as well. I loved the salsa as well as the cream cheese that came with my flaunt as. What a great kick it had. Will come again.
5	My favorite Mexican food on the valley.  Delicious chips and salsa, margaritas, and great food portions.  I have been coming here since 2000.
3	Came to this restaurant a few years back and I was not impressed so didn't come back.  However, my friends really wanted to go here and so I came with them.  The chips and salsa were pretty good, choice of regular or hot salsa!  I had the special of the day which was one fish and one steak soft taco with black beans.  It was a more healthy choice and I was glad that is what I ordered since Mexican food tends to sit in my stomach longer.  The service was good, hostess and server were most friendly.  My friends enjoyed their dishes especially the spinach enchilada which is a good choice for vegetarians.  Not bad for a neighborhood restaurant...
3	Not a very modern decor - could use an update! The food was good, the portions large and the price was reasonable. I recommend it.
1	This is no Mexican restaurant. First, the chips are like paper, flavorless, cold, stale.  The salsa is partially made from canned tomatoes and taste like it.  No flavor going on at all with the salsa other than canned tomatoes, Even the grenn chli sauces was awful. Trader Joe's sales out of a bottle is better. Next the beans too are lack flavor other than a lot of salt.  They were dry as well. I have the Fajita's, beef. They were oily.  Vegi's were fine, the meat was tough. My son had a bean burrito and they didn't get the order right. Do they apologize for getting wrong? Nope.  All they could say was it wasn't on the order despite the fact the manager took our order because the server failed to helps us out after 10 minutes of waiting. Finally, the food didn't settle well at all.  Overall, I wouldn't suggest that my worse enemy go to this restaurant...that's ain't no Mexican restaurant!  Whoever makes those recipes out to be fired.
5	Love their Pizza Nortena. That's the only thing I get because I feel like I am depriving myself if I don't. If you have never tried it, TRY IT!!!
5	Our first trip to Ajo Als.We had a wonderful lunch here today. Really authentic tasting. Great values and service. The homemade chips were awesome. I had a chicken enchilada in white jalapeno sauce. Filled with loads of chicken and served with rice n beans. I'd order it again and only $9.00 .My husbands combo plate was very tasty also. Wish we had this place up here in Prescott!
5	Had a large party of 70 people and used Ajo Al's to cater the event.  The service was excellent from start to finish. I met with Frank (manager) at the Ajo Als on 90th St. in Scottsdale.  He helped me with the menu selection so that we didn't order too much or too little.  The food was excellent.  Frank himself delivered all the food set up all the chafing dishes as well. Excellent job Frank and Ajo Al's.  The price was very reasonable for the amount and quality of food.  We will definitely use these guys again for our parties.
5	Ajo Al's is the benchmark for us, that all other Mexican Food establishments are measured.  We have been regular customers since their inception at 90th street; and since being transferred out of state, every return to the valley includes a dining experience at Ajo Al's.I think the notable differences for us, is the quality of white chicken they use in their dishes; it's not canned, nor mixed with dark meat.  The shredded beef tacos are superb, and guess what, cheese crisps are pretty much unknown beyond the state of Arizona!  So if you are a first time guest, you can expect more of a Tex/Mex flavor, and would recommend a combo plate letter F, or anything with Chicken!
4	I do wonder if there are just so many Mexican restaurants in the greater Phoenix and Scottsdale metropolitan area that people get very discriminating if they are local.  In that, a place that to an out of towner like me would seem really good is critiqued more harshly by the locals.  My take on this place after a friend brought me here is that the tacos are wonderful, the chips and salsa they give you are pretty good (I've had better chips out there), the Albondigas soup is something I don't get too often back home and I loved it, and that fried ice cream is to die for.  Solid 4 stars in my book.  But I'm from Philly.  To me this place is great Mexican.  You locals may be more picky than I am.
2	Service was good, attentive.  Pitcher of Marg, okFood, Not very goodDont think its all fresh Or all made on site
2	I don't recommend the chicken nortena.  It's cheese, cheese, and more cheese with some chicken that tastes like it came from a can.  The chicken enchiladas I got we're a little dry but the chicken didn't taste canned that time.  I would still like to try the mushroom enchilada.  If that's a fail then I won't be going back.  Everyone else seemed to like their food except for the kids.  So, 3 other adults liked it that I was with.
4	Call ahead. This place is so busy during lunch, you'll never make it during a regular lunch hour if you don't!
5	This place has so much history in my family because we never seem to find a place that compares. The fajitas are to die for and so is their signature Pollo con Queso. We always finish with their sopapillas; they've continuously been the best ones I've ever had in my life. Wonderful, authentic, satisfying Mexican food.
5	My husband introduced me to Ajo Al's and it's become one of my favorite Mexican food restaurants in AZ! Love their salsa and the menu food is always fantastic. The service is good and fast.
2	The food here was good. In fact, the food was even better three days later as leftovers. Don't ask why, some food is just like that. The service, however, was not so good. We came in 40 minutes before closing. That's more than enough time for two people to eat and get decent service but they acted like we slipped in the door as they were locking up. This is the only restaurant I have ever been to where our drink order was never taken. Good thing they brought a pitcher of water out. Not once did our server stop by during the meal to see if we needed anything, just dropped off the check. We got a lot of food for the money but probably won't be going back because I guess 8:20's too late to eat dinner.
2	Not too impressed, there are much better Mexican restaurants around.  The tacos however are pretty good.  The salsa is pretty bad.   Also can't shake the whole health department-forced shutdown a few years back.
1	Beware of this place!  I went a few years ago and found a black hair in my salad (I am blond) and was disgusted! They replaced the salad and still charged me for it.  Fast forward three years and my Mother-in-Law found a cockroach in her taco salad.  My husband's family has been going to this restaurant for quite a while.  Not anymore!! The waitress asked if she wanted to take a new salad to go (she lost her appetite but give in at the waitress insisting).  She got it to go and was charged.  The owner was a complete jerk and argued that the bug could have flown in.. On top of that, the food is mediocre.
4	One of the better Mexican Restaurants in Phoenix & one of my favorites. A very good selection here, I like that they have a Chicken Mole dish, which seems hard to find.  Waaaay better than the overrated Manual's & that Tee Pee Mexican place, which are more like on the level of Del Taco....ew!
5	By far my favorite causal place to eat!! Between my husband and myself we have tried at least 3/4 of the menu as this was a weekly date night spot for years. I can't say enough about the service. The staff is so nice and as a regular they remember what we like to get even if we haven't been in in awhile. There is almost never a wait unless you are going Friday or Saturday evening, and even then the wait time in minimal.One thing to keep in mind when ordering is that a few of their appetizers are quite large and should be split among large groups ( nachos or any of their Mexican pizzas). My personal favorite though is the Chili con Queso dip. Another ordering tip is that they will bring you regular salsa with your chips but they actually have spicier ones if you ask your server. I could go on and on about what I like about each dish but you just need to go there and try them for yourself.
2	Not great salsa and not a lot of options for the vegetarian. Oh well, ok place for a quick lunch.
3	Went here for lunch with a friend and the food was decent. They basically have two vegetarian items on the menu that aren't salads: guacamole tacos and garden fajitas. I wish they had something like a grilled veggies burrito or something to that effect.I ordered the guacamole tacos and they were just ok. The guacamole didn't taste like it was made in house...sorta tasted like a mix. I guess it's personal preference but I like guacamole to taste fresh and like avocado. This tasted like garlic and had a weird consistency. The tacos came with a side of beans and rice, which were REALLY good. The chips they give you tasted like they were from a bag and also not made in house. Next time I think I'll try one of their salads.
2	Sad to say, Ajo Al's continues to slide downhill.  At two recent trips we were served food that was obviously not freshly prepared - for example, eggs with chorizo which suspiciously had no trace of oil.  How is this possible since chorizo is so fatty?  Answer - the chorizo had been pre-cooked and then dumped into an egg mixture.  The result was burnt on the bottom but the cheese melted on top and the extremely hot plate told me it had been heated again, probably in an "alligator".  The result was dry, almost tasteless, and completely unsatisfying.  You want more - the chips were stale; the booth we were seated in had one normal side and one side where the seat was so low it would have been impossible to eat at it.  This could be fixed -- if anyone cared.I've pretty much given up on you, Ajo.  Don't you know the mantra of today is fresh, fresh, fresh?
3	Am I the only person who sees "Ajo Al's" and thinks "A-hole Al's"?Anyway, went here for lunch.  The service was very good.  I think the chips./salsa hit the table before my butt hit the seat.  Well done.I ordered the chicken enchilada/chicken taco combo. It comes with rice and refried beans.  My wife had something called Chuy's Chimi which is a chimichanga served with beans and rice (I have no idea who Chuy is).The food was OK.  It wasn't great. I ate the enchilada first and thought that nothing could be blander than this. Then I bit into the taco.  I dumped some salsa on it and that helped.$30 plus tip for two meals and drinks.  Not bad.
2	My first visit to Ajo Al's.  The waitress was kind enough, but she was overworked and not able to keep up...lots of waiting.  To start out with, and to repeat someone's earlier comment, the guacamole didn't taste like it was made in house...sorta tasted like a mix...it was a little off in flavor.  The main course, tacos del mar, was actually pretty good.
1	My family has been dining here for years and been able to tolerate the pathetic service since the food is unique.....however, we have noticed a steady decline in what little service and respect you may or may not receive! Don't waste your time with this restaurant unless you like being treated with absolute disrespect!! And if you have any questions about the service or food.. Don't bother asking. You will only be ignored and lied to. The food is good, but not worth the hassle of wasting your time and money to be treated like garbage. The staff is rude, and the mangers are not professional or courteous enough to address any concerns you may have!! All you will be paying for is a horrible experience and a headache to go!!! Stay away!!!!
2	I ate here and was in the bathroom three times.  Not a great experience.  I give it two stars because the servers are nice, but their food is just not good at all.  Their location on 16th St & Camelback has excellent queso dip.  We ordered it here and it felt like plastic.  The flavor was ok, but you had to keep stirring it so it would't congeal up.  Ordered their rolled taco plate.  When it came out the cheese wasn't melted on it, the rice was bland, beans were bland.  The meat on the inside was ok, but I couldn't finish it.  What happened Ajo?  YOu guys were once great.  Won't be coming back here again.
2	Horrible service and hot drinks. Also had multiple u tinsel that were dirty. When i spoke with the manager she commented that the dishes at times get dirty because of the queso. On top of all that, the food was smothered in cheese to cover the dense content inside.
4	Food is basic casual Mexican; chimichangas, burros, flautas... But it is tasty and I had great, fast service at the bar on Saturday evening. Friendly staff, good atmosphere with friendly customers too.
3	My family and I have been coming to this particular Ajo Al's location for as long as I can remember. It's always been a neighborhood staple to those who grew up in the area as it's conveniently located and the prices are really reasonable.As I've grown older and taken more notice of things like quality of food and level of service, Ajo Al's has gone a bit down in how I'd rate the place. Don't get me wrong, every time I come I know exactly what I'm going to get, and so should you!They overload you on chips and salsa which is awesome because I friggin' love chips and salsa, but beware of filling up too quickly. The service is always a bit lacking, sometimes slow, sometimes not the friendliest. The margaritas are decent, but they never put enough ice in them when you order it on the rocks. The food itself is average, I usually like the combo plate with a shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada or the fajitas with chicken and steak. Pollo Con Queso is the fan favorite here, I have friends who will swear by it every time they come.Overall, it's a decent place to get Mexican food where the food is consistent, service is so-so, and you wont have to break the bank on your bill.
4	Really good salads!  Salsa is yummy and enchilada sauce is fantastic!  Service is ok but food is worth it!
3	I liked the feel of the restaurant and the menu items are greatI just didn't enjoy the "loudness" of the establishment as well as the long wait for our food...Our server was fun and nice and she kept apologizing for how long our food was taking... I didn't mind because I had a house margarita in hand... If I didn't have that, this would be another story...I ordered tacos, the something chicken tacos, I don't remember the name...The sides were rice and beans...The dish itself was very good However the ambience and "wait" time just didn't do it for me here...Perhaps another try in the future...
4	This place was recommended by a friend.  He said it was one of his family's fav spots.  I went to check it out with The Better Half and was pleasantly surprised.  The food was a little better than ok but just shy of a full 4 Stars, but I'm upgrading to 4 Stars because of the service.  They started out with the complimentary Chips & Salsa....they were just ok.  Salsa was too runny and bland for my tastes.  I prefer it with a thicker consistency and spicier.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajo-als-scottsdale?select=BVcuBjkGkzOq6aCuT79B3g#BVcuBjkGkzOq6aCuT79B3g....so I asked for the real deal Spicy Salsa, and they went to the kitchen and brought it out for me, which was awesome.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajo-als-scottsdale?select=V-gPwFtgugPtMDkWlWITog#V-gPwFtgugPtMDkWlWITogThe Better Half ordered the Mushroom Enchiladas, which she absolutely loved.  She's a Mushroom fan, so this dish worked out well for her.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajo-als-scottsdale?select=LKdOTSLvDBup108Tu3574Q#LKdOTSLvDBup108Tu3574QI decided to order the 1/2 Plate of Nachos....I'm a Nacho lover, but wasn't expecting the gigantic portion which was labeled "1/2 Order".....1/2?!  I'd hate to see what a "full" plate looked like!!  LOL  It was a pleasant surprise and I took it as a challenge to finish it, which I did to the amazement of our server...TBH wasn't too happy though and the tables around us were laughing when they saw it delivered to me, LOL.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajo-als-scottsdale?select=eyUIpaHaw8wsgbqlX1y5XA#eyUIpaHaw8wsgbqlX1y5XAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajo-als-scottsdale?select=8Xor4v7BBwS-0dCqOeRWZA#8Xor4v7BBwS-0dCqOeRWZAOverall, this was a fun place to have dinner and the food was a shy over 3 Stars.  Servers here are accommodating and pleasant, which earned the 4th Star.Return Factor - 80%
5	I literally love this resteraunt! I could live off of the pollo con queso! Its so yummy. The service is always great too! I think everyone should give this place a try, I doubt you will be dissapointed!!!
4	I had a lunch meeting and this place was great. They give you chips and salsa to start. Both were good. I tried the Steak Burro Enchilada Style and it was delicious. The lunch special as about $9 and it came with rice and beans. I was impressed with the meal so I will definitely be going back.
5	While having my car detailed down the street at (also 5 Stars!) Clean Freak, I stopped in to this Ajo Al's for the first time today, ordering a #7 Combo.This is a very nice, comfortable restaurant, and the table service was just right, starting with being brought a big bowl of excellent tortilla chips right away, with a carafe of mild but tasty chunky style salsa.  (Yes, here, as at any Ajo Al's, you do have to ask for a little cup or bowl to pour the salsa into if you don't like chasing it around on the small plate it's their custom to give you.)     :-)Before long, my main platter arrived, piping hot, and covered with a good sized Pablano Chile Relleno, big corn husk wrapped tamale, crispy taco with plenty of meat, shredded lettuce salad, refried beans, and lots of great tasting melted cheese all over the place.  Yum!This big delicious feast and everything else about the place was just right...  really loved it!!     :-))#7 Combo reasonable at $11.45
5	Always a mainstay whenever we can't decide whether to go into downtown Phx or stay in the neighborhood. The atmosphere is lovely and the food is always good. They are open most nights until 10, which is great if one of us is stuck at work late. Two thumbs up!
5	By far my favorite Mexican place in the valley!  It has the safe, welcoming feeling of a big restaurant but the taste of authentic Mexican
