4	The two times I've been here there was a DJ spinning hiphop and soul, with a male go-go dancer that looked like Drew Lachey 2-stepping the night away on the stage. Cover is free, and there is a small dancefloor to get your groove on. The drinks aren't overpriced, so that's a plus. I probably had a better time here than at the club we went to those nights. I think the DJ+dancing only occurs during after-hours because if you come earlier during the evening, it'll be some soulful cover band performing.
4	Good bar for the location and size. This would be a good place to get started for the night. I ended up standing by the bar and getting carded when I asked for water. Blech. Drinks were yummy and there was a little room to dance. The stage above the bar was AWESOME. It was especially nice that there was a hot chick on mic. Fun stuff when you've been drinking.
2	This is a place that I end up stopping by almost every time I do the Strip thing with an out of towner and then immediately wish I hadn't.  Maybe it's because we usually start at the Venetian and by the time you're at the NY NY you want to have a little sit-down and a little cocktail and this always seems like the place to do it.  The stage draws you in, but it's always ridiculously crowded and hard to get a bartender's attention and when you do you're of course treated to a Strip priced small drink.  It's hard to find a place to sit, and I can't recall a time I've ever stayed for more than one cocktail.  There are much better lounges (the Fontana at Bellagio, par example) with much better service.
5	Great bar to stop in for a few drinks and listen to a chessy cover band!!!
3	Very small bar at NY NY hotel in Vegas. I could hear the band playing from inside the casino so I ventured in. The stage was up and behind the bar so it was very visible from nearly every seat. Decent local band was playing on the Thurs night that I stopped by. I was seated for at least 30 mins before a waitress offered me a drink, much to slow in my opinion.  There wasn't a cover to enter when I was there and I don't think I would ever pay to actually enter this place. Not bad to stop in at if you are already there, but I would never actually make it a point to go there.
4	Prices are high at this place, but you can't beat the fact that the top of the bar is a stage with live performances! I've spent hours in the past here gambling away my money on the bartenders, while friends gamble away money on the tables behind me. I'd say I got the better deal.I'm not sure whats up with this place at present though, since it appears to be closed (renovations?) and is completely boarded up (Jan '07). I was extremely disappointed, since this is one of my favorite Vegas lounges.They take plastic (Bar.. duh!), and the staff can be as rude or friendly as you give them reason to be.
4	It is hard to miss this place while at NY, NY.  After stumbling out of a closing bar, it isn't a surprise that the cover band draws you across the casino floor to the circular room with the swank curtains and furniture.  The drinks and service are Vegas standard, dime a dozen.  Not in a bad way but I don't remember anything particularly amazing.  The music was pretty good.  Ya know, that kind of good that is like AWESOME, OMG, I LOVE THIS SONG! when you are already half in the bag and still ready for more.This place certainly serves its purpose and does it well.
4	There are no recent reviews of this place so I have to assume they have closed or changed the name. So here's a possible eulogy.9 of us experienced females, having just shared a pint of JD in the hotel room, had situated ourselves at the end of the bar. Conveniently, we were located a) right near the band (check out the dude who plays the yellow guitar)  b) right near the bartender and c) right near a $1 blackjack machine. By this time Susan had arrived and was dolled up and ready. She ordered a Lemon Drop, and many other people thought that was a great idea and followed suit. Patricia put a $20 in the blackjack machine, we drank, milled around, sang loudly, and all took turns playing blackjack hands and shrieking. To give an idea of the general atmosphere in The Big Apple Bar that night, we were barely noticed.At some point we decided it was time to leave The Big Apple Bar. I recall as we ascended the escalator from the casino floor Susan asking me, "are we inside or outside?"
1	all the locals know only prositutes hang out there. Or maybe just because my family are cops. Either way. gross.
3	Great place to start the night, not so great to end the night.Compared to other mediocre bars this place does not have the same level of excitation. The look on people's faces here are not all agog over the lights, music and ambiance of this place. Its OK. 3.25 Stars Max.
4	It's a cute bar and considering that I am from New York, I approve! The staff is friendly and the bartender is chipper and quite talkative. The drinks are a bit overpriced but hey, it's Vegas.
4	Looking for a great place to start your happy hour at New York New York I recommend checking out the Big Apple Bar. My friends and I stopped there for a couple drinks before dinner, and were having a great time. The service is great too which is always a plus.
