4	The only church I've ever attended.... and one of my guilty pleasures.Fuck KFC. As the urban legend goes, they don't call it Kentucky Fried Chicken anymore because the freakazoid genetically engineered birds they use aren't chickens anymore.Church's Chicken is where it's at. Their chicken is about 76435987435x  better than KFC. Delicious. Crispy. The spicy version is even better. They have fried okra as a side! Fast food joint that serves okra. How can you go wrong? The family size okra is about a pint and a half. Think of them as the Church's Chicken holy sacrament.Their biscuits are perfect. Ask for honey. OK it's not really all honey, but at least honey is one of the ingredients. It doesn't matter. Ask for a handful of their hot sauce packets too, which are kick freaking butt. My only complaint is that they don't have greens on their menu anymore. So long as the okra is still there, so am I motherfucker. Don't miss the mac n cheese, either. It goes great with the hotsauce.I just noticed this ghetto-ass location, which I can get to in about 3 minutes by heading down Grand Ave as kind of a short cut.  My arteries are cursing me, but my belly is thanking me.Writing this review made me hungry. I'm going to go go make a donation to the Church right now. If you want Church's late at night I recommend you bring a sidearm (this is Arizona! Yee haw!) or try another location. Any other time it's perfectly safe. I'm not talking about protecting yourself from the neighborhood 7th ave/grand ave/van buren crackheads and pimps, either... I'm referring to the idiot hipsters who frequent the art galleries on that part of Grand. They are too pretentious to eat this heavenly ambrosia known as Church's Chicken. You might just wanna get with the vibe of that 'hood and pop a cap in one these dopes who would rather go waste their daddy's ducats at that shithole known as Fate over at Roosevelt and 3rd, just on principle.
1	Oops! This Church's Chicken Restaurant has been closed for over a year!
1	Belch. Not sure how these places have survived. Save yourself some cash and get Frys deli fried chicken.
1	Not much to say here the place is permanently closed buildings been sitting empty for a  year.
1	This location is closed.This location is permanently close as in out of business.
