4	I stumbled upon Beans 'n' Cream on a somewhat random trek through Aspinwall, and almost didn't stop in but I'm glad I did.  As you walk up the first thing you see is a sign that says "Hippies Welcome" and once you go inside, it's clear why.The vibe of the small coffee and ice cream shop is centered around music and artists of the 60s, but it's not too over the top.  The walls hold a number of old guitars, concert posters, records and signed memorabilia from an era when music was an experience for all the senses.  Towards the back there were some old, comfortable chairs you'd find in the finished attic of, well, on old hippie.  The husband and wife, who I assume own the shop, were very friendly and chatted with just about everyone who came in.I'm not much of a coffee connoisseur but they seemed to have a modest selection at more than fair prices.  And I couldn't resist a fresh lemon poppy seed muffin that really hit the spot.  There were also a number of small sandwiches they served, along with ice cream for later in the day.And finally, it looked like they had some live music there every once in a while as a guitar and music stand, along with a small drum set, were tucked away in a corner waiting to help release some inspiration.I definitely plan on another "random" trek to see what more Beans 'n' Cream has to offer.
5	As a local business owner in aspinwall I usually start my morning with a cup of Joe from Beanes & Cream. George "owner" is a good guy and always in a great mood. Locals are very welcome as well as outsiders. I would suggest you stop in if you are in the area to just explore the music of the 60's collections hanging on the wall.
5	A friendly local hangout. Great coffee, tea, and treats! I love this small, friendly neighborhood business.
2	Two stars for decor, Zero stars for coffee.nice music  memorabilia decorating this place, it is well loved by the locals which is nice. I could tell by all of the mix of young and older people in on a sunday. However, my latte was mostly steamed milk, the barista didn't understand i wanted the sugar packet put in with the steamed milk. so she ignored that request. I watched her pour one very small shot of coffee in and it tasted like drip coffee, not espresso. I knew it wasn't because I saw her make it but it made for terribly weak coffee. I couldn't drink my latte past a few sips because it tasted so milky. Sooooo sorry had to go with the two stars. On the food end i shared a bagel sandwich with a friend it was bacon egg and cheese, just ok I think most of their food is premade. Could be an awesome coffee shop but they need to hone their coffee making skills or just offer drip coffee.
5	I had the opportunity to visit a local coffeehouse in Aspinwall, PA Beans 'n' Cream. It was the perfect combination of music memorabilia, coffee, and interesting conversation. I even meet the owners and I must say they made me feel really welcomed to be a guest at their establishment. The carmel latte was absolutely delicious, and the oatmeal even exceeded my expectations. I look forward to visiting Beans 'n' Cream really soon. This place is really great if your looking for a quiet inviting local place to enjoy a cup of joe and read a paper.
5	I love this place. Very friendly employees. Very clean, cool atmosphere, free wifi, clean bathrooms. And good coffee. If you're in aspinwall check this place out. Cheaper than Starbucks!!
4	Great neighborhood place to grab a coffee or snack in the morning. I haven't tried them yet but they recently expanded their menu to include waffles. Service and atmosphere is great.
3	Short review: a nice, cute spot for getting a coffee and relaxing.  They also have ice-cream! It is really cozy in a nice and quiet neighborhood.  However, the stuff there is really weird and makes you feel that you are not really welcome.  Maybe it was something that had to do with the particular day I went.  I might give it another try though if I am in the area.
4	I've been here dozens of times since I moved to Aspinwall three years ago. While ownership changed recently, they continue to provide a great coffee / snack option for the neighborhood. Employees are always friendly. Only advice is if you plan in stopping by on a Sunday between 10 and. 12, anticipate a wait as the 'post church' rush is significant.
4	Very friendly staff! They were quite attentive to my little one's requests, and didn't ignore her questions.Decor is really cool - I liked all the classic rock posters and memorabilia.Ice cream was delicious; especially when eaten outside on their front patio. It's a great place to check out when you are in Aspinwall, and I highly recommend it!
4	Adorable little local coffee and ice cream shop! The vibe and decor are funky/hippy, which feels cozy and welcoming. The restrooms are clean and they offer free wifi (super handy!) Their charming front patio is great for relaxing and people-watching when the weather's nice. This is a local business that supports other local businesses, which I double love -- the "Beans" are from Nicholas Coffee and the "Cream" is Dave & Andy's. They also sell a small selection of breakfast pastries (scones, biscotti, muffins, etc.), fruit, granola bars, and oatmeal to go with your coffee. On the weekends, they make homemade waffles in a bunch of decadent flavors (peanut butter, Nutella and banana, anyone?)  For lunch, they offer a small selection of sammies, and in the winter months they also have homemade soup on certain days. Occasionally they host events like art shows and live music and are a very active member of the community. So although this shop is small, it's a wonderful neighborhood business that Aspinwall is lucky to have. My only complaint is that they close kind of early most days (6pm on the weekdays, 5pm on Saturday, and 3pm on Sundays). I think at one time they experimented with being open later, but they must not have had much business, because shortly thereafter they went back to the earlier closing times.  Selfishly I wish they were open late so I could get my Dave & Andy's fix after dinner without having to trek to Oakland, but ah well.
