5	All I have to say is what an amazing place to eat.  I found out about this place through other reviews using my phone for local eats.  When I found nobody had nothing bad to say about this place, I went to eat.  I took a buddy of mine there and he had the Satay soup and I had the Chicken Curry with rice.  The whole meal including soft drinks came to $35 and we had spring roll appetizers as well.The food is inexpensive and supreme.  Definately worth returning to again.  Gets pretty busy around dinner time, so either show up early or past the dinner hour.
4	Stopped in for a quick late lunch. Had a really good experience. The staff were very friendly and our food arrived fresh and piping hot in less than 10 minutes. I had the Peanut Chicken vermicelli combo. It was the best peanut sauce I've ever had PLUS it was served with deep fried greens (which are awesome). For around 15$ per person, you get a lot of awesome food AND you can bring your own wine. Prices are a few dollars less before 3 pm (we went at 330). 4 stars.
3	Pros- Great Food- Friendly Staff- Though the decor is pretty cheap like most good Asian restaurants in our city (what's up with that!?), the place is kept pretty clean.Cons- Location: It's in a bad part of town; a lot of addicts roam the streets late at night in this area. Therefore, I would suggest to not go there alone at night (just to be safe). Plus, if you park your car in the area, don't leave anything in the backseat as this area is notorious for having smashed windows on the sidewalk.- Price: My girlfriend and I had a combo and our meal came to 52$ + tip. Though certain things on the menu were cheap, a combo at 26$ at an Asian restaurant is considered pricy.Don't go there if:- It's your first date: you can find better priced Asian restaurants (not sure about specifically Vietnamese though) with better atmosphere and in better neighbourhoods.Do go if:You're in the area and would like a quick snack (their sandwiches are well priced and tasty).
5	Best pad thai in town + it's cheap! The place looks simple but don't be fooled, the meal quality is on par with the best (and much more expensive) places out there.The owner is also very nice and full of energy.Recommended.
5	My go-to-Viet.  Fan of their banh mi and rice vermicelli dishes.  I have had a lot of the latter in the city and, for some reason theirs is the best.  Is it the noodles?  Theirs is not as wet as others?  Is it the grilled chicken?  Theirs have a lemon grass side note.  Perhaps it's the extras such as pork cracklings and a good amount of peanuts/coriander/pickled vegetables.  Whatever it is, I always make a point to drop in when I'm in the neighbourhood....My only 'complaint'.....they used to be open during lunch time on Saturdays and Sundays.  No longer since the beginning of the summer.  Hope this changes soon...
4	uhhhhhhMAZING!!!! BYOB and eat, drink and be merry at this excellent cafe. The lemongrass beef noodles is just awesome. The general tso's chicken is great! Just great great food! you will not be sorry. Service is great, vibe is fun and lively. Fabulous time!
